The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
I also request Mbem Bambly Reunion. I'll do anything to avoid that name.
Oh, look at that. It's Uncle Stewart. Hi, Stu. Hey, it's good to be here. You gonna play some
baggos? Why are you doing this hilarious joke? What are baggos, Uncle Stewart? What are baggos,
you know? Is this a show? We're in it. You might call a cornhole. Oh man, Uncle Stu,
I don't know about that. Yeah, that's not good. It won't be a good joke. Have a bud lime. That
does sound like little Stewie. I'm his brother, Brewer. Guys, wait. Instead of Mbem Bambly Reunion,
we could do Mbem Bamb Family Guy, and then like, oh yes, I'm Stewie. Hi, it's me, Brian.
I am the one they call Cragmire. I will kill you, Stu. Hi, welcome to my brother, my brother,
me Family Guy Reunion. What's your favorite Family Guy? We're bringing back all our favorite.
We're gonna bring, okay, since Max Fund Drive, we're gonna bring, I don't know where to start.
I'm so excited. My name is Justin McElroy. I'm your oldest brother. Let's start there.
I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. I'm, oh my God, I'm Stewie, quote unquote, Griffin.
No, wait, the Stewie should be, I'm Griffin McElroy, the baby brother. And the baby on the
show is, although the baby on the show is also named Stewie. It's maxfundrive, maximumfund.org.
Go donate some money. Oh, not convinced? Check this impression out. Hey, it's me, Lois. I love
you, Peena. I'm the one known as Meg. Please donate to maximumfund.org. Can you not try?
Let me try. I'm Mila Kunis. That's actually pretty good, I thought. It's everybody's favorite joke
from Family Guy. Mine's the one where he fights the chicken. Hey, this sucks. Should we start over?
No. What? Are you kidding me? This has all been hilarious. You're gonna leave this gold on the
cutting room floor? Yeah. You're gonna leave the part where you said we should cut it on the
cutting room floor? How did we even get here? How did we even get to this point? Well, let's pull
back the curtain and talk about the evolution of a bit. This is Goofbusters 2, right? So we wanted
to bring back our old bits, but we didn't have that many funny bits to start with, and we kind
of burned them all last week. So we thought, hey, we should bring back some of our beloved characters
and Travis insisted on calling it a Mabim family reunion. And I said, I would rather die.
And then we started talking. The Family Guy. And then off mic, we had a good, maybe, what do you
think, guys? Like 45 minutes discussion on how important Family Guy was to us in our lives?
Yep. Yeah. How it changed everything, changed the game. And then when we came back from break,
or like not doing the show, Griffin wasn't earnest in his love for Family Guy anymore.
Now it's all about jokey, jokey, ha ha. Some snidely whiplash stuff he's throwing out at
Seth Farlin. Seth McFarlane. I don't know what to say. I guess I'm more of an anime guy now.
Let's talk about the Max Fun Drive, which is a pledge drive for money that we haven't earned
yet. We're going to get there. I knew Justin was going to say that. So I tried, I don't know if
this is good yet. We'll get there though. You know what? We'll get good. Polish this, turd.
That should be the slogan of this show, shouldn't it? It'll get good. Hang in there. You know,
so often you just see the funny parts of a show. You don't see the parts where they're trying to
make it funny. They're trying to will it into comedy. Anyway, it's Max Fun Drive time. This
is the last week, your final chance to get on board, by which I mean you can, you could donate
to the Max Fun community anytime you want. But this is the time where we want you to do it.
And what we want, this is our way or the highway. We're the presidents of this podcast listening
experience. Anyway, what we do here is we're a donor supported network at Max Fun. We are part
of a family of podcasts. Something like what? There's like 24 to a couple dozen podcasts on
the Max Fun network. They're all great. They're all free. You can go to MaxFun.org to listen to
them. But if you like what we do and you want to support us just based on like past episodes,
maybe not this one, then you know, think about kicking in a few bucks a month. You can go to
MaxFun.org slash donate and find out all the pledge gifts that you can get for donating just
by joining in at the $5 a month lowest level that there is. You can get exclusive episodes of our
podcasts and every other podcast on the network. That means extra episodes of Sawbones, extra
episodes of the Adventure Zone, extra episodes of Schmaners and Bunker Buddies. So yeah, we're
going to be talking about it all throughout the show, but let's just get into a question.
Griffin, did you say that $5 a month was the lowest level?
Yeah.
Like Lois Griffin tied it back.
That's good. No, it's very organic.
It's natural.
We've really fallen into a quagmire fairly early.
Fuck off. Read a question. I hate this show. I hate being a part of this show and as soon
as the fun drive is over-
You're sounding pretty stewy, Griffin.
That doesn't even fucking mean anything.
I can't wait until this pleasure drive is over so I can quit this fucking podcast of good
conscience.
Family guy, wouldn't it be funny?
That's fucking good, Griffin.
Guess what city our first question is from? Cleveland.
It's not, though.
Guys, the Skype call dropped off.
I can't hear you laughing. The Skype call dropped off.
And it looks like it's actually from Seattle.
Can we do Frazier instead, please?
Run it back, run it back, run it back.
It's my friend, family, Frazier for union.
Rewind the podcast to the beginning and then it'll be about Frazier this time.
Listener.
Choose your own shitty adventure. Both adventures are going to be
completely devoid of comedic value.
But if you listen to them at the same time, maybe they'll sync up.
I'm a pedestrian in a very populated city.
Fairly not very populated. This isn't fucking Fern Gully. Read good, read better.
We need to earn this. We need to holler for these dollars because right now we are mumbling for them.
We're mumbling for these jumblings and we need to holler for these dollars.
All right. Got it.
I'm a pedestrian in a fairly populated city and I recently encountered a new phenomenon.
It's fairies.
It's fairies everywhere. It's crazy. Tim Curry's a bat. It's bonkers.
When cars are waiting to pull into garages or parking lots,
I like to wait and gesture to let them by since it's faster and safer for general traffic.
Recently, however, cars have been honking at me
and angrily waving their hands to get me to cross my section of sidewalk.
That's from Nancy Sinatra in Seattle.
Whoa.
Not so much a-
Big hit, first off.
Yeah.
Not so much a question in the traditional sense.
Yeah, not really.
Travis, did you edit out the question part of that question?
I don't think so.
I think there's just an implied, what should I do?
I mean, this is the same phenomenon of like you're walking down a hallway
and another person's walking towards you and you go left and they go left
and you go right and they go right,
except if the other person weighed like one and a half metric tons
and was made of steel and combustible fluid and-
Have you ever did that with Robocop?
Yeah.
I think the problem here is that cars are equipped with a horn and humans are not.
That is, yeah.
Well, I mean, but I take away from this that we need human horns.
Don't even get me started on fucking my whole great job theory again,
but I would argue that humans are-
Goofbusters, it's back.
It's back.
There's one friend of the family.
I would argue that humans are actually equipped with an infinite number of horns,
which is to say our brains and our voices and stuff.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Well, so there must have more than one.
When somebody honks at you to like cross the sidewalk quicker.
Okay, I would go, no, you go.
And if I yell loud enough, then it's kind of like a car horn.
I feel like the car should have the right of way.
They're big and I'm little.
Well, no, pedestrians almost always have the right of way,
but I totally feel what you're saying, Travis.
I think an easier law to sort of comprehend,
a more universal law would be the heavier thing gets to go first.
Because if we go at the same time, they are having a lot of damage to me.
I am not doing a lot of damage to them.
I'm at a much higher risk.
Whichever thing could kick the other thing's ass.
You win.
Like you win.
If you're in a big old fucking Ford truck,
fucking Hemi engine, big old chrome tires and-
With like the truck nuts hanging off the back.
Oh, it's fucking too big.
Like custom made truck nuts,
because the ones they sold at AutoZone weren't big and fucking nutty enough for you.
You need your own fucking custom made huge old-
Maybe you got two on the back, two on the front, and two on each side.
Oh, you got a basically a little, like a Ben Hur chariot of truck nuts.
You just octo nutting everywhere you go.
Just octoing all over the spot.
I forgot what we were talking about,
because I started getting boned up for his cool old truck.
I had a driver's ed teacher I've talked about before.
He was the dude that showed us Mr. Holland's Opus,
because he kind of looked like Richard Dreyfuss.
What, that was his metric for educational content?
Yeah, he said like,
you have to check, like this is what this dude is so great at teaching.
You say, you have to check this out.
I look just like this fool.
Did he?
And he didn't fast forward to that part.
He's like, yeah, you won't appreciate it.
Let's just watch the whole film.
Which is pretty great, like pretty cool.
But he, the driver's ed lesson that I remember most from that class,
is he said, you pull up to a four-way intersection,
and you and a semi truck get to the intersection at roughly the same time.
And that truck is on your left who has the right-of-way.
And I started to think about it.
He said, you thought too long.
It's a semi truck.
If you go and he hits you, you die and his day is ruined.
You go ahead and let him go.
And I was like, yeah, that's true.
Just like always let the big thing go ahead.
I don't like that that implies that he would only be haunted
by causing your death for one day.
The next day he'd wake up and be like,
you know what, I'm not worried about it anymore.
Truck drivers are, they're an immoral lot.
I mean, most of them.
And I don't want to cast this person
because I'm sure we have a bunch of fucking highwaymen.
Our trucker listeners, there's got to be some out there, right?
That should be our new thing.
Like let's get into that life.
They're long hauling across this great country of ours.
A bunch of highwaymen and women listening to this show.
I don't want to throw shade on them,
but most of them are in a sort of hitcher situation.
I mean, most of them are.
Yeah, because you're just constantly crossing the straight lines.
You're in international waters basically all the time.
Anyway, we just didn't do this at all
because this person does try to give cars the right way,
but cars are like fighting back.
Maybe they're thinking they're getting catfished.
So the car's like, no, I've been in this insurance scam before.
You tell me to go, I go, you go out, I hit you.
Oops-a-daisy, you just made $35,000 off of me.
I'm not doing it.
I love that the cars jump to anger.
Like, I tried to let you go and you didn't do it.
And now I hate you.
That's so funny to me.
Instead of just that play, like, no, I insist, you go.
Yeah, but you have to have, but think about it.
Like if you're inside a car,
you do have to have a somewhat like heightened response
because otherwise it's like, what is that guy doing?
Is he talking to someone on his Bluetooth?
I don't understand.
This is why you just need a series of like Wile E. Coyote signs
that are like, I insist that you go, please.
I'm letting you go.
Let's bust a goof in this Yahoo.
Okay.
And it was-
Just bust a goof.
It was sent in.
It was sent in.
You got it.
Okay, it was sent in.
You want it, baby.
Just bust a goof.
Okay, now go.
On a mission, guys like this.
Thank you, Marina Baker, who sent this in.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Monica is the best.
Nice.
Nice.
Monica is the best.
I feel like, a quick sidebar about Monica.
I feel like she maybe is dealing
with some inaccuracy issues.
Like she has to reinforce her bestness everywhere even
and including like her Yahoo Answers profile.
Oh, her answer game is strong though
because her question is this.
How do you politely refuse to let someone ride your horse?
Let's tap into that horse vein, brothers.
Well, we got to take that long ass data needle
from the matrix, lie back in our cool ass recliners
and have Samuel Fishburne.
That's not his name, but let's have him jack us in.
We're in.
All the horses are-
Come with me, Joey Pants.
Let's ride this horse together.
There is no horse.
Whoa, that's sad.
No, there's millions of horses.
Wait, so there's either no horse or too many horses.
This is the scene where there's like fucking
an infinite library of like gun racks comes flying at us
but they're all full of horses.
And these horses are freaking the fuck out.
Can you even imagine?
Imagine the noise.
Everybody stop and imagine the noise.
Now imagine the smell.
Bring in the noise, bring in the smell.
How do you politely refuse to let someone ride your horse?
You blame it on the aura, baby.
I have a friend-
Wait, hold on, Travis.
Sit on that.
Say it as soon as Griffin's done
because I don't want that to get passed by.
It's amazing.
Griffin, finish the question.
I have a quote unquote friend from school
who is extremely full of herself
and thinks she is a wonderful rider.
She took lessons for a month, fell off on the second week
and is generally a bloody awful rider.
She claims, sorry, a bloody awful rider.
She claims to know everything and do everything
and has asked to ride my horse.
How do I politely refuse to let her ride?
I don't want to make an enemies
and I've let other more responsible friends ride
with me lunging them.
No idea what the fuck that means.
Update, edit.
It's not even so much that she doesn't know how to ride
that she is so irresponsible
and does not treat the horse as well.
She blames everything on them, flops and hits
and is not trustworthy.
You gotta blame it on the aura, baby.
Okay, so there's the aura line
that we're all waiting for on pins and needles.
And what does that mean, Travis?
Well, you say like Mr. Floppington spoke to me in a dream
and said that his energy and your energy were mixed well.
I'm sorry, I just can't do this to him.
He's like a son to me.
The moon is in a waxing phase and Mr. Butterballs.
No, that's a terrible-
Mr. Truck Nuts.
Holy shit.
I'm just Truck Nuts.
He went to medical school for seven years.
Please use his correct honorific.
I'm sorry, you have lupus.
Damn it.
Oh, it's kind of better now though.
Do you think that the word honorific
was created by the first person to get one?
Like the first person to put doctor at the front of their name
like this is really good.
You know what?
It's honorific.
I'm so proud of me.
What a great job I did at being the first doctor.
I'm hippogrates.
Wait until halfway on and then push them off.
And be like, I guess today's not your day.
But don't let them know that you did.
Ooh, you train the horse to do that thing
where you usually see it with people being a jerk in a car.
But as the person is about to get on,
the horse takes one step forward and just keeps doing that
until the person gets frustrated and gives up.
That's another good thing.
Yeah, anything you can do to sort of put the social blame on the horse
and not you is gonna be good.
It's just gonna be, how do you tell your horse
to only do that to this horrible person and not to say you?
You gotta blame it on the aura.
Okay, that doesn't, horses don't understand what an aura is.
Well, fuck you they don't.
Yeah, you're right.
I said it and then I immediately knew I was wrong.
I got it.
I got it.
Oh boy, I know where this is going immediately.
Wait a minute.
Let me put some jam up in it.
Just put some jelly on your horse.
No, hold on, because you definitely said in.
And I don't think Dr. Tratton.
Like in the saddle area.
Oh, okay, okay.
Right, so yeah, you just put some jelly on a horse's saddle
and on like, you know, they call it a saddle Narbon.
It's the front thing that's on the front of the saddle.
Is that really what it's called?
Yeah, it's a saddle Narbon.
Narbon or Narbon?
It depends on what area you're in of the country.
Yeah, it's a regional thing like soda pop or Coca-Cola.
Or proboscis.
Or proboscis or proboscis.
It's different strokes for different horses.
And you put some jelly on that
and just put some jelly on the saddle.
And then when the person goes to hop up on your horse,
they're gonna put one hand on that
and think the horse has some secretions
that need to be dealt with emergently.
Saddle word, secretions.
His saddle is bleeding.
It's oozing exclusively from the saddle.
See, I wanna actually backpedal a little bit.
And I do wanna talk about the possibility
of putting some jam up in it.
I'm talking about creating some sort of equine Jaffa cake
situation because that is going to make the horse very sick.
And that horse is just not gonna feel like
riding that particular day.
So every time that, you know,
Marcy comes over and is like, let me get up on that.
You're like, yeah, sure.
Let me just take them in the stable.
It's oats time.
It's oats o'clock.
But then it's actually, it's fucking like jam o'clock.
What about an elaborate like ocean to like,
you bring Marcy to just like an empty stable
and you're like, what?
Oh no, someone's stolen Dr. Truck nuts.
And then you put what they do find,
he's got jelly on him when you find him.
Okay, it sounds like you kinda-
We have plans on plans on plans.
What if you try to put so much jelly into your horse,
but instead of making it really sick,
he just fucking loves it.
And then you're left with like one of the most terrifying
things in nature,
which is a horse addicted to a bobble
from the world of man.
What if the fucking jam makes him super fast?
Yeah, it makes him so fast,
but he's like, bring me the gelatinous ambrosia.
Somebody put jelly on the sea biscuit
and now he's super fast.
We all have an ethical responsibility
to make sure that horses don't get too comfortable
in the man world.
Cause once they do like they're,
it's kind of like a Skynet situation, right?
Like in our studies with AI,
frankly, Google, you're toeing a fucking fine line.
You're on thin ice with your go bot.
I'm worried that we could get that with a horse though.
Like really easily, it would just tip over
and then like, that's it, we're all horses now.
I'm like, I'm sorry,
but you have already just described Orb.
Basically that's all.
Yeah, that's not true.
Orb got too interested in the things of man
and can no longer return to the equestral plane.
That's right, somebody wins the triple crown.
And by somebody, I mean a horse.
And they immediately, immediately like,
congratulations, you got three trophies.
Blam!
Like you can't, you can't.
You're too big, too strong.
You must be destroyed.
Too big, too strong, too beloved.
Are you kidding me?
Fucking American Pharaoh like walks down
that victory lane with a wreath around its neck
and just like everybody's just handing it
big fucking fistfuls of jam.
Like that's it.
That's it.
That's it.
He's gonna evolve into like rapidash
and then that's it.
We're done.
I bet your horses are very petty.
By which I mean, I bet if you win a big horse race-
Justin, you said pretty wrong.
Oh, sorry.
No, I literally mean petty.
I bet like if a horse wins a huge race,
like the Kentucky one,
then they spend the rest of the day
following their jockey around
waiting to hear him say,
hey, I won.
Cause then it's like, did you?
Did you win?
Cause I remember running very fast,
faster than all the other horses in a circle.
And I remember you fucking chilling
and flipping through your iPod Nano
looking for a Jodeci track you haven't heard in a while.
We could figure this thing out right now
if you just want to do a quick foot race.
Let's get to the bottom of this,
which is a quick friendly foot race.
What do you say?
Do you know, side note,
I just found this out the other day,
when a horse studs,
like when there's like a champion racehorse dude
and he goes to a farm to stud,
it can be like $75,000 for like one mating.
For one nut.
For one nut.
What if the nut don't take?
Well, for Dr. Truck nuts, it always takes.
That's no problemo for me, my man.
Let's just leave it at that.
How do you think he got his name?
I mean, you got to imagine, Travis,
like you're talking about
they are paying for one night
with the world's best horse.
That's like,
that seems like actually 75k
actually seems like pretty low.
Like yeah, you're getting that good seed,
whatever.
You're going to get that good coat.
We're bleeding a little bit into farm wisdom here.
But we're also like talking about like one night
with the best, biggest, most badass,
most perfect, most like popular,
most famous, most successful horse.
I think there are plenty of people
that would pay 75 large
to bone down with like, what?
Like Clooney?
That's actually 75 Gs.
That's like nothing.
Like Robert Redford paid,
offered Woody Harrelson a milo.
To sleep with Woody Harrelson.
To sleep with Woody Harrelson.
In real life.
Then they were like,
we should make a film together.
Or they were like, and cut.
And then Redford was like,
so what do you think?
Oh man, I thought that was just play acting.
I thought that we were just doing a play acting thing.
No, I want to squish that.
Robert.
Justin.
Yeah.
Would you give me a farm wisdom theme song, please?
I have something I'd like to share with the folks.
Oh, I have one too.
Okay, we'll do both.
Farm wisdom.
Farm wisdom.
Plant some seeds to grow some weeds.
Farm wisdom.
I liked it.
But when horses are like being prepared for mating,
they bring out like a prepper dude horse
and they like put his wiener in a bag
and tie it up to his stomach
and let him get the female like all raring to go
with like all the foreplay and stuff.
And then they bring the stud horse in.
They've covered his hooves with silken gloves
so he does not damage the female horse.
He comes in at the last minute,
does the thing and then leaves.
So he just comes in for the last part
and someone paid $75,000 for that.
That was a gross farm wisdom.
We try to foster like sort of an environment of,
you know, learning and just growth, I guess.
And to me, Travis, that felt like
you were just kind of click baiting,
like just kind of getting some salacious-
The idea of a dude horse's wiener
being strapped down to his tummy
is that interesting, Griffin?
I think, no, I think you were mostly going
for that like raw sex SEO.
I mean, sometimes.
It's Max Fun Drive.
We talk about horse wieners.
I have another farm wisdom here
and this one is not yucky.
Let's just call it what it is.
I found Travis's interesting.
Where did the first horse come from, Travis?
He's just like, I think he's just like at the farm.
Is it the same horse every time?
Like, does he have like one horse
like that's just romance-centric?
What they do is they get him all charged up
with the mare horse and then they take him
to like some like not famous race horse,
mare horse, and let him go to town there
so that he doesn't get all upset
and go crazy on everybody.
How does that interaction work?
Like, listen, Dr. Trust Nuts,
you gots to trust me on this one.
No, are you sure?
I'm having like a lot of fun in it.
No, trust me, trust me.
Dr. Trust Nuts, that's your new name.
Listen, Dr. Trust Nuts,
I need you to be Dr. Trust Nuts right now.
I'm gonna, bro, bro, bro, have I ever let you down?
I'm gonna fucking hollow you out, son.
That's what they should make him race.
Like they should try to clock a time on him then.
I bet he'd be like performing really very well.
I know in college whenever I had a big audition,
I would always wait to pee until afterwards.
So it's probably the same thing.
Just have some sort of barn intern
standing right behind a finish line
with a glossy JPEG of a horse vagina.
Come on.
I have another one here and it's not horse related.
Are llamas horses?
Has anyone ever gotten to the bottom of this?
Space horses.
All right.
Here's some farm wisdom sent in by Tom Harriman.
Thank you, Tom.
If you want to protect your livestock
such as sheep and goats against predators,
add a llama to the herd.
The llama will act as a guard for the animals
going so far as to fight off attacks by coyotes,
wolves, and dogs.
If you go this route,
it's important that you only get one llama
because you want it to bond with the herd it's protecting.
It's true if you get two llamas in there,
they're just gonna talk to each other.
It's like me at a party with like one other person I know.
I'm not making new friends at that party.
I love this idea because I've actually seen this happen.
Not this exact thing, but very similar thing in practice
because Buttercup, my dog, hates pigeons.
The other day I was walking around a park
where there were pigeons and swans mixed together.
Yeah.
Or maybe it was geese.
It was geese.
Geese and pigeons mixed together.
And she started to chase a pigeon
and then saw a giant goose and she was like,
oh shit, it's the pigeon's mom.
And she immediately hid behind my legs.
Yeah, animals are like wicked dumb
and if they see a bunch of animals together,
they will assume anything.
Like if there was a bunch of rats
fighting over a bag of Doritos,
an animal might look at that and be like,
how come that one rat is orange and plasticky
and it says Doritos on him?
Well, he's Doritos rat.
Get that shit up on BuzzFeed.
But if you see a bunch of sheep and add a llama to it,
I mean, they're both wool producing creatures.
It's not that much of a stretch.
It's just this one sheep is like super duper duper fucked up.
I don't wanna mess with that.
I don't know what that one sheep's capable of.
Don't you think that's messed up for the llama though?
It's like an ugly duckling situation.
We're like, why am I so big?
I mean, they're probably like down as fuck
because they're like super tall
and they probably feel like in charge
and they could have any one of those sheep that they want.
If you stud out a llama,
it's important to do it with a sheep
because then you get double wool.
And like a medium sized llama.
Yeah.
I wouldn't it be a bummer to be a llama
and they're like, hey, we got a new home for you
and they pull up and you just see a bunch of sheep
and you're like, I know what this is.
I don't know anybody here.
Okay, I see what we're doing.
Okay, all right, I get it.
Okay, yep.
Give me the over under.
I'm trying to wrap my mind around this farm wisdom
that Tom Harriman sent in.
Thank you, Tom.
Because I'm trying to like, what's the over under?
Let's put them both in a ring.
Coyote V. Llama.
Llama has reach, I suppose, spit.
If you want to take it to fucking Pokemon attack levels,
you can spit in the coyote's eyes, maybe.
It seems that would require a lot of accuracy.
I don't think that's a llama's strongest statistic.
I'm pretty sure a llama can leap all four feet off the ground.
They are very prancy.
What are you basing that on?
Nothing.
Okay.
There was that one Spike Lee commercial
when he was staring at a bunch of jumping llamas
and he was like, it's gotta be the shoes.
And the llamas are like, we don't wear shoes.
Mostly I'm basing it on picturing a llama
jumping up and down on a coyote.
Okay, but a coyote can jump.
I do want to just get that out there.
They have feet and like leg strength and shit.
But which one do you think could jump better?
Let me ask you a question, Travis.
What would be your least favorite place to be bitten by a coyote?
On the balls.
Don't say the hog.
Well, too late.
Wait, the butt?
I'll let it to make it sound like I said,
don't say the hog before you mentioned the crass thing.
The butt.
Really, your butt?
If a coyote bit me directly on the butthole.
Okay.
I would absolutely much prefer that I got bitten on the butt
than pretty much anywhere else.
Yeah, because you got a lot of butt.
Yeah, I could like that, let that go.
Travis is the bony butt boy though.
So if his butt gets bitten, it's like, oof.
He's breaking that thing off.
Yeah, I have lots of, which might be a little trap, right?
Like when a bird tries to get a lizard, gets that tail,
lizard's like, snip, no tail, fuck you, bye.
My butt will grow back.
That's true.
Okay, my point was this.
It's my favorite Celine Dion song, by the way.
My point is if you get a good one on the neck, boy, that's just it.
If you get, oh boy, the neck, that's just it, isn't it?
And a llama, what does a llama have a lot of?
What did God, when he was sketching them out,
when he was whiteboarding the old llama,
he was like, let's give him like 10 times as much neck
as anything would ever need.
That would be a bad matchup, I think.
Because again, to go back to the Pokemon terminology,
biting type is very, very super effective against neck type.
Do you think if you're trying to protect your flock of llamas,
you put a giraffe in there?
That would fuck me up, are you kidding?
That would fuck me, human, like I don't go around
murdering sheep all the time.
That would still fuck me up.
I would still see that, I would see that site and be like,
I am not fucking with those sheep today.
And that would be like, why would I?
But definitely not gonna do it now.
Could I take a sheep in a fair fight?
Okay, we're done here.
Well, not done, but we do need to stop for a second
to talk about the Maximum Fun Network.
Travis, you're in Los Angeles right now, right?
That is correct.
Do you just feel the excitement?
Do you feel the energy of this pulsating
towards the MacArthur Park area right now?
I can say I've been to Max Fun HQ twice in the past week.
I've recorded with three different Max Fun hosts this week.
And the energy is palpable, Justin.
The magic is air present.
Yesterday, I was just doing my jumps to practice.
Mm-hmm, full of fights.
And I jumped eight feet straight up into the air.
And it wasn't even like the hardest I could jump.
I got scared after I did it,
because when I fell, I actually did hurt myself.
But like, I think I could have even gone
a little bit higher up.
My dream, thank you for asking,
is to be able to just jump on top of my house.
Is that eight feet from ground to the bottom of your feet?
Yeah.
Or eight feet from ground to the top of your head?
Sea level.
Oh, okay.
I'm saying the Maximum Fun Drive gave me jumping energy.
Thank you.
Oh, okay, great, great, great.
I knew that little digression would have a point.
I thought it would.
Also, if we're getting stuff off our chest,
I wanted to brag about a good jump I had.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate that brag formation.
The Maximum Fun is a podcast network
we've been very proud to be a part of since 2011.
That's about a year after we started doing this show
way, way back, almost six years ago, in April of 2010.
But Maximum Fun has a ton of great shows that we don't make.
In fact, those are the good ones
that you should be listening to right now.
Like The Flophouse, Jordan Jesse Goh, Bullseye,
Judge John Hodgman, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Throwing Shade.
I could go on.
There's a ton of great programs.
And your donation is what helps keep the doors open.
We ask people who listen to the show and like the show.
We don't charge for them.
Instead, we just say, hey, if you like this,
could you help us make it?
That's what we're really saying.
So we ask you to pledge a certain amount of money per month
that you can afford and that you feel is right
for the amount of shows that you enjoy.
So just to like break things down
before we get into the gifts and levels.
Just to break things down, since we've been on the network,
the support that we've gotten from you all
has allowed us to buy all new recording equipment,
upgrading from the rock band microphones
that we started out with.
It has funded some tours that we've done,
the travel and booking of those places.
It's helped out with that.
We did what, like 15 live shows
or something like that last year?
That wouldn't have been possible
without Max Fund Drive and donor support.
We've launched a ton of new podcasts.
Travis, this is his full-time job now
because of the support that we get.
So things like the Adventure Zone would not exist
if it was not for the support we get from donors.
So there's an absolutely like a tangible,
I guess if you wanna think about it,
like return on your investment if you like the stuff we do.
Why don't we talk a little bit about gifts?
Because you're not buying stuff.
Justin, it's pronounced jiff.
It's pronounced jifts.
Let's talk about the jifts.
If you can pledge five bucks a month,
which is the price of a very cheap cup of coffee every day
or one decently priced cup of coffee once a month,
if you get like a lot of additives
and it's a large size.
Like an 18 cent cup of dirty fucking shit.
Well, they always say that like
for the price of a cup of coffee,
you can feel like you can't.
Like I don't know where you're getting this very,
this 18 cent coffee, but anyway.
You're going to like a greasy spoon.
You're sitting along some other Depression era folks.
And you're just like scooping like water out of a toilet
and like pouring it on grounds that were thrown away yesterday.
It's about 18 cents.
If you can pledge $5 a month,
you're going to get the access code
to a veritable treasure trove of bonus material.
You're gonna get like just my brother and my brother and me.
There's tons of shows on there
that have put up bonus episodes for years
and you're gonna get all of it.
There's literally days of content on there.
But just if we're just talking about
my brother, my brother and me,
just to give you an example of what we're talking about,
you're going to get one, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight episodes of the show you've never heard before.
Bonus episodes, all of which have like weird.
What are those?
I can't even remember what we've done.
Like this year we did.
The one with our dad.
We did, there's a, not counted in that total,
but my sister, my sister and me,
which is our wives recorded a podcast together.
That's on there.
Big Gulp Live, the one and only episode
of Griffin's Vore podcast.
Big Gulp is there.
Holy shit.
Yeah, that's there.
Our friend, Lin-Manuel Miranda, the guy,
he's been on TV a couple of times.
I'm not sure what for,
but he seems to be making a name for himself.
He's got a demo of a song called Ghost Horse
that he wrote for us.
And the demo of him recording it is on there.
The Ghost Horse demo.
Fugue for Brother Horns is the subtitle of that.
But that's on there.
Like there's a ton of crap on there.
Including some video stuff.
Some videos.
Yeah, we riffed some old training.
Not training, but educational films.
Short films.
We did some jokes about those.
And that's on there.
And that's like just our show.
There's tons and tons and tons of crap.
We did a show about ASMR for my medical history podcast,
Sawbones, which ends in a binaural holophonic
virtual doctor's office visit
that demonstrates the idea of ASMR.
And that's on there.
There's so much on there that you can be enjoying
if you just donate $5 a month.
That's just five bucks a month
if you go to maximumfun.org slash donate right now.
For $10 a month, you get all that bonus content
and you get your pick of one of, I believe, 22,
maybe 24, somewhere in there, bandanas.
Each one styled for a specific show on the network.
The My Brother, My Brother and Me one
features Torsey the Torso Horse
along with a lot of other awesome stuff.
You can find them at maximumfun.org forward slash bandanas.
And that's just $10 a month.
It's a really awesome deal.
And you're gonna look super cool in that bandana.
You're gonna look like a tough bike man or woman.
Like a biker mouse from Mars.
Now at $20 a month,
you are going to get the Max Fun Adventure Necessity Collection.
This is, hey, what?
You go camping, what?
You get lost, just you get lost
and you wander into the woods sometimes
and you have to survive a night out there.
The Max Fun Adventure Necessity Collection's got you.
It's got a multi-tool with the Max Fun Rocket logo on it.
It's got a hot chocolate packet.
Actually, if you're like surviving out in the wilderness,
that probably would be low on the,
although I don't know,
that sugar would probably give you the burst of energy
and you need to like fashion a hut out of a tree.
A paracord bracelet you can use,
I think turns into a rope or something.
There's camping toilet paper,
which would absolutely be my number one necessity.
I poop a lot.
Anyway, you can get that at $20 a month,
but you also get the stuff before.
Like the bandana and the bonus episodes.
Not like, that's specifically the stuff you'll get.
But what you also get is the smug satisfaction
of knowing that you donated
to support the things that you love.
And we also understand that not everybody can do that.
Sometimes you find yourself in a position
where you can't afford to give money every month.
And we totally get that.
If that's the case, make sure you go on Twitter,
you go on Facebook,
you tell your friends that Max Fun Drive is going on.
You share that link, maximumfun.org forward slash donate
and you say like, I can't,
but you should support the things you love,
maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
We'll talk more about what else you can get
in the Max Fun Drive and how you can help support us.
But I think we should get back into the fucking flow.
Yeah, dive in.
All right, here's another question.
This one comes to us from Gmail.
It says, one of my closest friends
has recently gone a bit off the deep end.
The past few years, he's spent a lot of time on the internet
watching conspiracy theory videos
and YouTube documentaries.
Usually when he starts into some weird Illuminati talk,
I could change the subject to something more normal,
but not today.
We're stuck in a car together for a solid half hour
during which he expounded upon a variety
of crazy government slash occult theories.
I realized that he was spending way more time on this stuff
than I thought he even got pretty worked up
at a couple of points.
How can I talk to him about toning it way, way down?
My fear is there's a point of no return.
He may be fast approaching.
What should I do?
It says Gmail here, but it sounds to me
like this is actually from the G-man.
The G-man?
Yeah, open your eyes.
Back in the old, the fucking data vault,
the old black crypt and put it back buried underground
for the lizard men to feast.
Lizard men feast on truth.
And if you bury truth underground,
that's how the lizard men get to it and they can eat it.
That's true.
There's one way, Griffin, Griffin, how do I stop?
How do I fight the lizard men?
I'm glad you asked.
Gold, you need it, you need it, you need it.
You need it, go get it.
Oh, go get that gold.
Oh my God, you need the gold.
It's so very important.
Also, if you put a llama in with your sheeple,
it'll protect them from the lizard men.
That's a hundred percent true,
but not everybody's gonna have that luxury
because llamas are a rarity.
You gotta get a llama and a human being to bone down
and then that's a tough-
That's how Lorenzo Lamas was born.
Jesus, that's a good joke, Travis.
Thank you, Griffin.
I literally got sweaty from how good the joke was.
I got chills like for days.
A lot of people laugh when they hear a good joke.
For me, it was like instant sweat.
The laughs came through your pores.
Yeah, in the form of perspiration.
Anyway, gold, oh my God, you need it.
Lizard men are afraid of it.
It's the worst thing about conspiracy theorists
is that they've made pirates seem like conspiracy theorists themselves.
Because every time they open up a chest full of gold,
they're like, oh, thank goodness.
It's like-
Oh, fuck yeah.
Yeah, we're safe.
Come take this, Obama.
Just kidding.
Hey guys, can we encrypt this somehow?
I don't know what that means because I'm a pirate,
but we'll figure it out.
Like a pirate who's a big fan of national treasure.
I mean, for a pirate, if you bury treasure,
that's encrypting it, technically.
I mean, that's true.
It's hard to hack a treasure chest.
Yeah.
I got another question.
Well, no, well, we didn't even help that person.
Yeah, so what?
I got another question.
Okay, open your eyes.
Your friend is right.
Open your eyes.
Your friend is not right.
Obviously, this is the way that their anxiety manifests.
You should ask, you should talk.
They should, don't try to, here's your real advice, okay?
Your real advice.
Don't try to talk a person like this out of conspiracy theories
that is reinforcing their conspiracy theory.
Trust me on this one.
This is beyond both our and their pay grade.
And if you want to help them out,
then get them to talk to somebody who it is their pay grade.
Yeah, that ain't ours.
My best friend treats me like I'm her baby daddy.
Now we're talking.
She even went as far as to tell some of the people
who asked who the father was while she was pregnant
that it was me.
Wait, what?
This is biologically impossible
as we have never slept together and I, like her, am a woman.
It stopped being cute and funny around the fifth time
she said it.
I don't even want kids my own.
How do I get her to stop stamping my name on that belly button?
And that's from Jenna.
Like Jenna.
What?
Jenna.
What?
Jenna.
Just tell her to stop.
Jenna, this is a grounder.
Tell her to quit doing that.
But now, is there anybody who honestly thinks that this is-
Oh, that are fooled?
Yeah.
Huh.
I'm actually sitting here thinking, two women?
I mean, we are-
They're actually working on that technology.
Yeah, like we're getting close to that technology.
No, I know, but we're not there yet.
Yeah.
But I tell you what though, I'm not so plugged in
that if someone told me that like I'm so embarrassed,
I'm so like terrified.
Oh, yes.
Seeming like out of it.
I'd be like, yeah, I've heard a lot about that lately.
That tracks.
That tracks with me.
They would say that.
The nightmare scenario that Justin's proposing is
they would say that to, let's just use us as an example.
And I would say, I would go, good one.
And they'd be like, no, they took my stem cells
and her stem cells and just like did the hokey pokey.
And then like, wow, this is meet Marcia.
And like, oh fuck, I fucked up.
I'm so sorry.
Your love is beautiful.
I didn't mean to laugh.
It's just like, I thought it was, oh, I'm so sorry.
And then they double back on the goof and they're like,
no, I'm just kidding.
We don't have that tech yet.
And I'm like, oh fuck, I'm really sweating over here.
The whole time I knew it.
But you know what, here's what it is.
This is what I think this is a matter of.
Your friend probably did this goof once
and like people laughed and maybe you kind of laughed too.
And then she was like, oh, okay.
This is a good response joke.
When someone asks like, who's the, you know,
like who's the father?
Which is also a weird thing to ask anybody.
That's a weird thing to ask anybody.
Oh yeah, who's the father?
Why, what the fuck?
Fuck you.
Hey, who'd you bone?
Who put that in you?
Hey, who'd you bone today?
That's a weird thing.
I think that's the bigger problem.
How often is this coming up?
Or is she volunteering this?
Like she walks into a party and she's like,
my friend Jenna put this baby in me.
That's also weird.
It's a weird opener.
It's not as bad as mine.
I just walk in with my phone up like,
have you guys seen this damn Daniel kid?
What's up with that?
That's good.
It's pretty good, I think,
because it connects with everybody, you know?
And it'll never not be topical.
Can I read a Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
Kind of a classic bit.
This one's sent in by riding high Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user shall cat who asks.
Taller wife is blessing or curse.
You know how they have like,
like quotation marks is and then,
but they also have like single quotation marks
and describing height.
Which one's foot?
Which one's inch?
One is foot, two is inch.
Okay.
My wife is three is meters.
Okay.
My wife is three feet taller than me.
I've become a divided man in privacy.
I am a staunch admirer and lover of my taller wife.
I love, let me fucking finish.
I enjoy her height,
dominance of her physique and her overall supremacy.
While in public, I am a scared man,
feeling myself overwhelmed and pressurized.
Please provide me some genuine solution.
Being pressurized is great.
Cause if it starts raining on you,
like you don't even have to worry about it.
The difference is in the answer to this question.
Dependent on whether he meant to type one apostrophe mark
or two are an ocean.
They are a vast ocean.
It's a gulf.
Separating two continents.
Let's assume, how can we, how can we talk about the,
are we talking like a Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman situation?
Or-
You mean Danny DeVito with two Rhea Perlman's
standing on top of each other's shoulders situation.
The average male American height is five foot 10 inches tall.
Okay.
I say we start there.
The average person-
All right, let's take a foot and a half off that, four, four.
We'll say four, four, and then we'll do,
we'll add the three feet on the other end.
For what are women?
Like five, six?
So a good six, 10.
Four, four and six, 10.
That doesn't add, does that track?
No.
Doesn't track do it.
Four, four and seven, four.
The tallest woman held the,
according to Guinness Book of World Records, seven foot five.
Okay.
All right, so he's not a record,
he's not a record breaking or like record encroaching.
No, that's what I'm saying.
Seven, four and four, four.
That's what we're talking about.
Run her up for my very tall wife.
Oh wait, sorry.
The actual, the tallest is eight foot one and three quarters inches.
All right, so let's-
She's not even really that tall at seven, four.
Yeah.
All right, seven, four and four, four.
That's what we're talking about.
I enjoy my tall wife.
I enjoy my very big spouse so much.
I love my big wife, guys.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm not ashamed of it,
except when we're in public, I feel like a scared man.
I feel pressurized.
But Danny DeVito is five feet tall.
Correct.
So you're four, four.
And Rhea Perlman's five feet tall.
That's amazing.
I love these two.
That makes me so happy.
My wife is three feet tall.
I love my big wife.
Please, what do I do?
In public, I get so scared and pressurized and overwhelmed.
I mean, she's so much taller than him is the only thing about it.
Should we assume, would we be more easily equipped to handle this
if she was three inches taller?
Because God, that seems just like so much more likely.
That doesn't seem like worth writing into your answer about that, does it?
That's like not that impressive.
I mean, do they feel like they have to explain
to people, to passersby, I love my very big wife.
And I like her.
If people are like, wow, is it hard having that three foot divide?
And you would have to explain like every time,
like I enjoy the dominance of her physique.
But I do not like being pressurized.
Well, that's just a public thing.
That's just like, he's worried what the public thinks about them.
Maybe he's less worried about what the public thinks
and more worried about those two eyes he has glowering down on him
from above every time someone gives them dirt looks.
It's like, oh, listen, I see what you're thinking there.
And I love my tall wife.
I love my very big wife.
I don't know what-
It's gonna be really embarrassing when he finds out his wife
is just two wives stacked on top of each other in a big trench coat.
Yeah.
And when she finds out that he's actually, he's actually eight rabbits.
The whole time he's been one Tim Conway on his knees
with fake shoes in front of his knees.
Absolutely.
I love my big wife.
I don't think there's any grounds for discussion,
further discussion here.
I'm happy to put this one to rest.
It's just guys.
My wife is tall and I love that in her.
I love my big wife.
I'm a man divided.
At the end of each workday,
my husband and I arrive at the entrance of our apartment complex
to check out our mailbox before heading back in.
For the past three weeks,
light clockwork at white haired elderly gentleman
around the age 75 to 80 exits the mailroom
and literally walks backwards towards his own apartment.
A good five to seven minute walk.
Damn Daniel, it's a very surreal thing to watch.
He always has a grimace on his face and worse,
he stares right at us as he's doing it.
We've been trying to figure out why he would do this.
Is this a new exercise for the elderly?
Are we in an episode of Twin Peaks?
And most of all, why in God's name must he stare at us
when he does it?
Is there any chance you might be able to shed some light on this?
We'd love to hear your thoughts and conclusions on this matter.
That's from Alexis.
He's definitely a ghost.
Like a hundred percent, definitely, definitely a ghost.
Like that's not even a question,
which is another one of our bits that we're bringing back
for Goofbusters.
But just cause he's a ghost
doesn't mean he's not gaslighting you.
That's true.
That's sometimes ghosts just need something to keep them going.
For all you know,
he's walked the ghostly plane for like 400 years
and he's just like, I need something to keep me going.
And it's messing with Alexis and her husband.
The strongest argument for gaslighting, in my opinion,
is the repetition.
If you had seen this once and you had thought,
oh, that's weird.
And then you never saw it again,
that could have been one of life's many coincidences.
Since it has happened multiple times,
he is trying to get you to question his sanity.
If it happens more than once,
it's you're being gaslit.
Yeah, he's definitely has some sort of lizard man
like surveillance situation on you.
Like guaranteed if you went up to him and said,
hey, didn't you just do this?
He would say, no, I don't think so.
I think this is the first time I've ever, ever done this.
Yeah.
Another possibility, can I put this forward?
Hit me.
What if he just has a great ass
and he just always wants you to-
Does he have truck nuts hanging from his belt?
No, we're putting truck nuts away.
Put it back in the drawer.
No, I will never.
I'm the teacher.
I'm gonna take your fucking prank,
prank you, whoopee cushions.
I'm gonna take your truck nuts.
I'm gonna put them in my drawer.
And then later on, the principal is gonna find him
and be like, Michelle, what the fuck?
You can't have nuts at work.
This is not your band.
Anyway, maybe he's got a great,
oh, just a juicy little rump.
Oh, a juicy little old man bottom.
And he just wants you to greet,
he wants to greet you.
Hello, good day.
This is me.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
He just wants you to see it with your eyes, first thing.
Maybe learn to moonwalk is on his bucket list.
It's possible.
He's made it through a lot, huh?
He must have turned through the first few pages already.
He started way too early.
He started doing his bucket list at 40,
but now at 80, he's like, I'm down to the dregs.
I've got eat crackers hanging from a pole
and walk backwards.
Do that thing with a dollar bill on a rope
tied to a stick to a little kid
to make him run around the block.
Gaslight, gaslight some 20 somethings.
Next time you see him moonwalking,
just see if he's carrying like a coffee can
full of the ashes of his best friend
who he was knocking that list out with.
Because that's a telltale sign.
We didn't get this,
we didn't get to this one together, Peter,
but you got there.
You're moonwalking with Jesus now.
You see that one pair of backwards footprints?
That's where I carried you backwards.
I'm gonna throw your ass down on the floor
now to reduce the friction.
Thank you, Peter.
Peter, your burned up body helps me dance again.
Shuffle flop, shuffle step.
Peter, with your dusty permission,
I'm gonna try to do the lean over thing.
Nope, dad.
Someone come burn me
so I can lubricate your moonwalk.
And then you can carry this burden backwards
for all of time.
That's what the circle of life was about.
Peter, I want our bodies to do sand art together.
I want a bored teenager on a boardwalk somewhere
to pour us both in a jar
and then poke a straw through us
to make weird angular shapes, Peter.
Set me free.
What do we got?
Another Yahoo?
Or maybe we should talk about the Max Fun Drive again.
I think let's talk about the Max Fun Drive one more time
and then do a couple more and then bounce.
Maximumfun.org relies on your donations
to keep the network going
and it also allows us to do other shows.
When we started Maximum Fun,
it was just my brother, my brother, and me.
Well, we didn't start Maximum Fun.
When we started with Maximum Fun,
thank you, Griffin, that preposition was essential.
We started with Maximum Fun,
it was just my brother, my brother, and me.
And then when we decided like,
hey, we could take time away from other things
to do this podcast thing
because folks seemed to like it
and we're making a little bit of money off of it.
So why don't we do more?
So that's why we did The Adventure Zone
and we did Big Gulp
and we did Schmanners and Sawbones and-
Bunker Buddies.
Bunker Buddies.
Trends like these.
Can I Pet Your Dog?
Yeah, that's when we started Bullseye.
Still Buffering.
Yeah, and we did all those podcasts
because you fine folks supported us
and it allows us to do less.
Like we said, Travis made this his full-time job.
I work less at my day job now
because I need more time to make shows for folks.
I also wanna say like, I love Max Fun
and I love the Max Fun Drive
because basically it's a two-week period
of people talking about how special Maximum Fun is.
And I agree because sometimes the internet
can get really bogged down with really terrible people
who just complain about the things they love,
which is such a weird thing to do.
But everyone, like they love something so much
that all they can do is complain about it
when it disappoints them.
It is the most supportive and inclusive community
basically ever.
Every time we get out to a Max Fun Con,
it's like just the best time ever
hanging out with the best folks ever.
Speaking of, if you want to hang out
with other members of the Max Fun community.
Oh God, Rachel's spraying off the window of my office.
She just scared the shit out of me.
Rachel did?
Yeah.
I mean, she's not-
Spraying off the window.
I think you said sprang off the window.
Yeah, Rachel's doing some fucking-
What kind of cat woman shed is she pulling?
Yeah, well, she's training for the Ninja Warrior.
Anyway, I've told her not to do it on the glass.
You know what I mean?
Like the course is not gonna be made out of glass.
Anyway, forgot completely what I was talking about.
Oh, there's meetups next week.
Next Tuesday, if you go to-
Or this Tuesday, tomorrow.
This Tuesday, that's right.
Go to maximumfun.org slash meetups
and you can see where everything's popping off
in different cities across these United States of America.
Is there something happening in LA that you're going to, Trav?
Yeah, Teresa and I and basically all of my co-hosts that live here
are going to Club TG, T-E-E-G-E-E.
So yeah, go hang out.
Seriously, everybody I've ever met through these shows
has been fucking radical.
There's also a special promotion going away
where Max Fun is giving away a Breville product,
a kitchen appliance and favorite of John Hodgman.
If you tweet a link to the donate page,
which is maximumfun.org slash donate,
along with a statement of why you love Maximum Fun
or why people should support it,
and you use the hashtag toast to Max Fun,
they will pick the one they like the best
and they will get Hodgman's favorite Breville product.
I'm assuming it is a toaster just based on the hashtag.
Anyway, let's talk about what other GIFs people can expect
at the higher donation levels.
Well, we talked about the bonus content for $5,
the bandana for $10 and the adventure kit for $20.
For $35, you get all that stuff
and you get a really beautiful Max Fun emblazoned vacuum thermos.
Keeps your hot drinks hot, your cold drinks cold,
your medium drinks medium.
Hides your gold from the lizard men
who can't see inside of vacuums.
And can I tell you a secret folks?
What's that?
Maybe you are already a donor.
That's awesome, thank you so much.
Surprise, that's the secret.
You're a donor already and you didn't know it.
We've been hacking your account
and you are a $35 a month donor
and you're looking at that $100 a month level
and you're like, I don't know.
There's a secret $50 a month level
for upgrading donors that you can move up to
if you're not quite ready to make that jump to 100.
So don't worry.
If you're not already a donor
and you just listened to that
and processed it with your brain,
you're a criminal technically.
Now you have to become a donor.
But above that, there is a $100 per month level
if you maybe you're flush
and you really, really like our shows
and you want to help support us,
there is a what's called The Inner Circle,
which is our monthly culture club.
You get all the other stuff,
bonus episodes, the thermos, all that.
But you also get to be a member of The Inner Circle
and every month, a host of a max fun show
picks some cultural thing.
Maybe it's a book, maybe it's a movie,
maybe it's an album.
And you will get a copy of that
as well as a sort of written explanation
as to why it is so special to those people.
For us, last year we selected the album Music Evolution
by the hip hop, jazz, funk band Buckshot Le Funk,
which is like literally one of my favorite albums
basically ever.
It was very formative when I was a child.
Thank you to the Men in Black soundtrack
for pointing me their way.
If you really want to go hog wild,
we have a little record.
If you really want to go hog wild
for $200 per month,
you can get free registration for Max Fun Con 2017,
which again, like I just said, is a blast.
It's full of the coolest people ever.
Get to eat a bunch of dope ass food
on top of a mountain.
Get drunk with your favorite podcasters.
So yeah, we don't expect that people are gonna,
like a lot of folks are gonna come in at those levels.
That's kind of a big ask.
But if you have, you know,
if you really enjoy our shows,
if you enjoy My Bim Bam and The Adventure Zone
and Sawbones and Bunker Buddies
and the rest of the shows that we do
and you want to support us,
just go to maximumfund.org slash donate.
There's a questionnaire about like
which podcasts you listen to, just fill that out.
And we really appreciate your support.
It helps us out immeasurably.
And what's really special about that
is the shows that you say you listen to
are the shows that get funded by your donation.
So it's a very direct one-in-one kind of support.
So it's not just like spread throughout Max Fun
and you don't know where your dollars are going.
The shows that you say you listen to are supported by you.
We are recording this a little bit early.
But at last check, we were about halfway
to our 5,000 member goal.
And obviously like we want to smash that goal
and keep going higher and higher.
So I don't know where we're going to be out on Monday,
but please, you know, help us meet that goal.
Help us crush and destroy that goal.
Help us embarrass that goal.
Help us humiliate that goal.
And that goal is new and upgrading.
So if you've been a donor for a long time
and now you went from listening to like one show to 12,
maybe consider up in that donation
and supporting even more shows.
Because if you don't update the shows that you listen to,
they're not getting supported by you.
And if you want fucking more reason to donate.
Oh God, I hate doing these.
Let me think.
Sometimes in life you want to buy a boat.
But you don't have the money that salesmen require for boats.
But that sea is calling to me.
You've got to give to the Maximum Fun Drive.
Maximum Fun Drive.
Maximum Fun Drive.
What I liked about that was that I want a boat
and I don't have the money needed for the boat.
I'm going to take another stab at it.
I'm going to focus on this boat because gang,
we didn't mention this in the notes, but I really...
You could do more with the boat thing.
Okay.
What was that?
That was a weird mid bar key change.
What do you do when you've got a little boat?
And your friends at the marina, they all make fun of your little boat.
Well, the answer is clear.
Give me boat money this year.
It's time for the Maximum Fun Drive.
Maximum Fun Drive.
The Maximum Fun Drive.
The boat was an allegory for my penis.
Beautiful.
I'm talking about penis enlargement surgery.
The men at the docks make fun of my dick.
I wish that the boat men would stop looking at me in the bathroom.
It's supposed to be private place.
Hey, Griffin, what's the number of donors we need to hit to bring back
jingles permanently?
What's the number of them?
A million donors.
Wait, hold on.
If we hit 5,000 donors, I'm getting an Adventure Zone tattoo,
but it takes you a million donors to do jingles.
Birthing these creations.
John Coulson wrote a song a day.
That's Joko.
That ain't me.
A song a day.
Go to MaximumFun.org, forward slash donate now while you're thinking about it.
I don't play this acoustic guitar anymore.
It stinks.
I don't know what's going on.
The strings actually stink.
They actually smell very bad.
I don't want to be touching it anymore.
That's what I was saying.
Like, I'd love to read it back.
A, I like listen to them.
B, it's a nice sort of like halftime for me and Scraps.
Yeah.
Like play Galaxy of Heroes on our iPhones and fucking chill for a second.
I did three Hearthstone matches in there.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Cool.
A coworker of mine brought some delicious bone-in chicken wings to work for lunch
and offered me one.
I gladly accepted, but fumbled the hand off and dropped the wing.
Rather than let said wing go to waste,
I removed the skin from the side that touched the carpet and ate the wing.
Now everyone in the office thinks I'm a dirty floor eater.
Am I good?
Germs can't make it through the protective skin instantly, right?
What was I supposed to do?
Let the wing go to waste?
And that's from Five Second Faux Pas in Dallas.
This is horrible.
You can't, it's not about, everyone's so worried about germs, right?
And germs are bad.
Don't get me wrong, germs are very bad.
I've watched Contagion, okay?
They took Gwyneth Paltrow from us, I hate it.
Germs aren't great.
I really want to make my position known on germs.
I think they stink.
But there's a sort of social germ that is invisible and intangible
and it won't make you sick, but it'll make me sick
if I let you eat a wing off the floor.
Especially a sloppy, sloppy wing.
A wing is the worst possible, it's like you engineered,
gotta have meat on it, gotta be very sticky.
The only thing worse is if you dump soup on the ground
and vacuum it out through a straw.
Yeah, no, I think wing's actually worse than that.
Than carpet soup?
Yes.
I tell you who's really at fault here.
Who's that, Travis?
It's the coworker.
The coworker who saw you drop your wing
and did not instantly say,
I will give you another, please throw that wing away.
This was not your one and only wing opportunity.
I will present you with another wing, please do not do this.
That's what I, I think that's a bigger problem
than like the germ aspect.
It's just like the steez that you immediately have
is like person who doesn't know
where people are buying wings all the time.
Like, where did you find this?
This is the only crack I have at this.
I just, I'll just, yeah, whatever.
I may never wing again.
This is a barefoot office.
God, wait, what?
What is that?
Like Google or Pixar
where everybody's like on razor scooters at bare feet.
Or just the beach because you're a surf instructor.
The whole world's my office, man.
As long as it's a beach.
As long as it's specifically a beach.
I cannot work in like a suburban area.
Yeah, and honestly,
if we could try to keep it in the,
just sort of the Malibu area.
I have lost my license.
Yeah, this, more like this.
If I go a hundred feet that way,
that's sort of a surfberg's territory
and a hundred feet the other way,
sort of like surfing Dan's surfing class territory.
So like, if we actually,
my office is actually this office.
Now that I think about it,
this is pretty much the only place
that I could teach surfing.
It's amazing to me how contentious
and territorial surf instructors get.
Yeah.
Man, we've lost too many people too young
to surf instructor beefs.
This is my beach.
Like this isn't Arby's.
There's a small fishing pond three and a half miles away.
This is not, this ain't your beach.
This ain't your beach.
I thought you said this is our beach
and then I put it together and you said Arby's.
You know, another funny thing you could say about this.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Just back to back.
Back to back.
Are you positive?
Yeah, I'm positive.
Is a haunted doll watch folks
and it's coming to you live from eBay,
the electronic bay.
It's bringing word of haunted dolls
from all over the world.
This one is a haunted vintage doll,
paranormal spirit vessel,
active EMF.
A lot of SEO,
not so much a name.
Do we need a vintage modifier on that?
Is anybody like bringing home a fucking like,
oh, this is Susan.
She's a new American girl.
Ah, fuck.
She's haunted.
Damn it.
I just spent $300 on this.
I can't believe it got ghosts all up in it.
Yeah.
Haunted dolls found in the storage
after grandma passed away.
I'm having paranormal activity
after bringing these dolls home.
At first I was very scared,
but now I'm spending more time with each doll
in order to get a sense of their energy
and give the buyer as much information as possible.
That's nice.
You gotta really spend some time with your dolls
to get to know them.
Yeah.
They're really filling in the blanks.
The next sentence of this eBay listing is,
I am what they call a sensitive.
Oh my God.
You know, I'm not sure if karma is real
or Kisnet or what have you,
whatever, whatever, you know,
sort of higher power you believe in.
But boy, isn't it lucky how people
who are sensitive to the spiritual comings
and goings often inherit large doll collections
from their dead grandmothers.
It's funny how those,
you don't find a lot of guy,
like just like dudes named Carl
inheriting a bunch of dolls from their dead grandma.
My sensitive friend told me that these dolls were haunted,
but I swear to God, I get nothing.
Why are you cursing with this lack of sensitivity?
Damn, I wish I could commune with you beautiful babies.
I love it.
Damn, I could tell,
I could tell it behind each of your dead porcelain eyes.
You each got a story to tell,
but I just can't hear it with my dumb,
non-sensitive ears, damn it, Carl.
Therefore, I'm able to use all my senses
and feel spirits.
My grandma was a kind, loving spirit.
My Aunt Angelica was a healer
and that baby from Rugrats
and a psychic in her account.
I was taken care of by my aunt.
So I learned how to perceive
and work with energy from an early age.
Fuck, you are such a good pick
for a huge old doll collection.
I cannot believe how lucky we are
that these two things lined up.
Justin, you don't hear about the 100,000 other times
that people like,
those people aren't gonna get on eBay and say,
I've got a shitload of dolls possibly haunted.
I have no fucking clue.
History is written by the sensitives.
Yeah, and also I liked it.
At first, this person was scared.
It's like, hey, hey,
you spent your whole life training for this moment.
Are you sure you're scared?
This is like the best.
Well, maybe it was like, you know,
moving up to the big show scared.
Like the first time,
like, you know, you're the backup quarterback.
The starting quarterback goes down with like a broken hammy
and you're called in and he's like,
now you're a quarterback now.
And you're like, I'm scared, but I'm ready.
So maybe that was it.
Like he inherited the dolls.
He threw open the storage room door,
like on Storage Wars.
He just saw a bunch of dead black eyes
staring back at him.
And he was like, I'm ready.
I'm scared, but I'm ready.
Don't you guys wanna know at all about this doll?
Don't you wanna know about it?
Yeah, I mean, typically this is the part
that is kind of sad.
I perceive a very spoiled rich girl
who grew up without her mother.
Her father was a businessman
who traveled all out of the country
and left her alone with her nanny
and hired help to care for her.
She was homeschooled and didn't develop good social skills.
Therefore she grew up resentful and untrusting of others.
She does not respond when I ask her name,
but I keep getting Gretchen in my head.
I keep getting Gretchen in my head
as my favorite Johnny Cash song.
And it's a sad, slow ballad, and I love it.
She has a stubborn and very determined strong personality
that I'm not comfortable with.
Wow.
Okay, shit.
The lights have flickered on and off,
and I feel a pulling sensation from her
as if she wants to draw me in.
I would advise caution in establishing boundaries with her.
How stubborn can she be if she's trying to pull you in, dawg?
She's trying to pull you in, dawg, she wants to engage.
This sounds like a frustrated parent
giving their child up for adoption.
This is like, it's not my fault
you didn't break this puppet spirit.
I'm bothered by the fact that this judgmental turd
who is making this starts off by saying she's very spoiled.
She grew up without a mother.
Like right there, like you know what's up
and you're still being a turd about it.
This is the ending.
I have left her and gone to bed
and have felt her hovering over me.
It's just what I feel, very disturbing energy.
Her face, arms, and feet are porcelain with a soft body.
She measures 16 inches tall.
Oh, see, don't breeze over that.
That's what I, as a collector, that's the stuff I want to know.
I mean, the spirit, the living spirit that lives inside her.
That's great and everything, but I've got like a,
I've got like a dollhouse thing going on
and I don't want some big ass doll.
It's like too big for the tea set I have set up.
I'll say that this seller is not really good
at selling.
I got this doll, she's creepy as shit.
She's going to hover over you.
I do not like it.
Please take this creepy doll and give me money for it.
Holy fucking shit.
You guys are not going to believe me,
but this listing actually ends with,
and I just said it to you so you believe me,
her face, arms, and feet are porcelain with a soft body.
She measures 16 feet tall.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, it can't, it can't be.
She measures 16 feet tall.
No, no.
Yes, I love my tall doll wife.
I love my tall doll.
I am 13 feet tall.
My haunted doll wife is 16 feet tall.
I love how big.
I felt her hover over me,
but it does not match up one and one
because she is three feet taller than I am.
She's 16 feet tall.
I love how my tall haunted wife physically dominates me.
I feel so pressurized by my tall doll wife.
I love her haunted physique.
She does not feel private.
I feel such judgment.
This is a full blown like,
Yes.
80s horror movie.
Like, hello, daddy.
Like, oh, fuck, no.
Yeah, the last line is,
also, this is viral marketing for the new Ghostbusters movie.
Check it out in theaters.
It's coming soon.
Leslie Jones is in it.
She's hysterical.
This is actually viral marketing for Goofbusters 2,
this episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me.
This has been so much fun to revisit some of our old classics.
Maybe not as many as we thought there was gonna be.
So if you're about to tweet us and ask,
whatever happened to blank?
This is your answer.
It died here.
See you again next year.
Hopefully not.
I also wanna remind you, maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
You know, even if $5 is the most you can do,
if you can carve out $5,
that's great.
That means the world to us.
Every bit you could donate really does help a lot,
and it helps to show that this is a thing that you love,
and this network is a thing that you love,
and it helps us to make more things that you can love.
And be sure that when you donate that you tweet at us
and let us know so we can say thank you,
because we really are grateful,
and it means a lot to us that you decided to support the show.
Oh, and before we forget,
the Max Fun Drive is gonna wrap up on the 25th
with a live streaming Jordan Jesse Goh from Max Fun HQ.
I'm going to be there and be on it,
and a bunch of my co-hosts here in LA are gonna be there,
and they will probably be on it too.
But make sure you check that out.
Follow at Max Fun HQ on Twitter
to get all the details and everything.
And you should just be following the hashtag Max Fun Drive
anyways, because there's so much awesome stuff going on.
There's random giveaways happening.
There's people like talking about why they love Max Fun
and planning the meetups and all that stuff.
So follow hashtag Max Fun Drive.
Let us know that you donated.
Watch the live stream, all that stuff.
I want to thank John Roderick of the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It Set Apart Your Off, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a wonderful, wonderful album, a great song.
We're very thankful to John and the Long Winters
for letting us use it.
Yeah, thank you.
And we're thankful to you.
And we're so thankful to you.
So thankful.
You guys want that final yahoo?
Yes, please.
I didn't pick one, shit.
Well, we'll just do this one.
It was sent in by Brighton High, Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
I'll go one name down.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
One more name down.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
One more name down.
Nope.
My face in the rain asks, why are calzones called calzones
and not pizza sandwiches?
Oh, my name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, I'm Barbara Gray.
I'm Brandi Posey.
And I'm Tess Barker.
Together, we make up the MaxFun podcast, Lady to Lady.
Each week, we welcome a kick-ass lady guest.
We talk about our lives, our dreams,
and the terrible decisions we've made that still haunt us.
We've had on great comedians like Aisha Tyler and Margaret
Troe, plus screenwriters, doctors, authors,
you know, anyone who's willing to be as open as we are.
It's all a lot of fun.
That's us, Lady to Lady.
Can you keep a secret?
Neither.
