The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother mean advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy and me well
I'm your middlest brother big dog woof woof Travis woof woof McElroy woof woof that was I'm Griffin McElroy
That's a lot of business. I couldn't remember where the woof woofs went if I'm being yeah
I just throw them in between every word I do it better say sorry. Hey guys guys. Yeah. Yeah guys. Did you hear about the spice?
The spice is nice this this
Small thumb what I was good. It must flow is I don't think at any point in dune do they say spice is nice
That's my rice nice. This is nice
Give me that spice on some shaved ice cuz it's nice. I am spices nice
Y'all y'all have expressed interest in doing a dune based
Introduction. Yeah, and I must warn you that of my knowledge of
the works
Are not comprehensive and so I might be able to hop in there from time to time and be like those big worms
I bet there's people on the internet
Who that makes?
horny of them
Which is like about the depths that I will be able to plumb with it
But all those big worms, you know
There's some people to see those and get horny off of them. Here's what I just wanted to say about this one
now I my
sort of
Expertise in dune is that I read the first quarter of the first book
Yeah, and said this isn't for me boring. This bike didn't say boring. I didn't fucking say
Attive thing a lot of people really loved it
The director of the movie Dennis villain villain you
Which is like already a little delectable. Yeah, you know what I mean?
He said he's basically really mad that they're gonna put dune on TV
Oh, yeah
When it's also going the movies and I feel like this is a debate that we have not gotten a way in on
Yeah, wait in on this
Dennis Dennis, I hear you and he doesn't want
Dennis doesn't want you to watch dune on TV if you show he says it's not just a product. It's church, right?
Oh gross, I don't go to church either Dennis
Movie more than I go to church Dennis Dennis maybe churches the movies, you know, it's not churches movies
He wrote this is what he said to variety
He wrote an open letter about how dunes on TV and he says that AT&T
Hijacked one of the most respectable and important studios in film history
There's absolutely no love for cinema nor the audience
the what he said is watching a
Film on a TV screen is of lesser value. He said the way it happened. I'm still not happy frankly
Frankly, so I wasn't angry though frankly to watch dune on a television
The best way I can compare it is to drive a speedboat your bathtub. Whoa, that's awesome
That's what that's Dennis don't make it sound so good. That sounds awesome. Dennis
Dennis the problem with your metaphor there or a simile is that a speedboat in your bathtub would not scale unless
You're talking about a Stuart little ask situation
Yeah
Which the bathtub is scaled down to the bathtub and I'm Stuart little slice because when I put dune on TV
It's not gonna be like super zoomed in on Oscar Isaac's nose, right?
Like I'm gonna be able to see the whole thing, but on the other hand on the other hand
Do not watch it on an IMAX. Here's the thing folks
Dennis made these worms
To be a specific big size. Yeah, when you watch the worms on your TV or
Christ forbid it your phone
Those worms look little they look like little that's like a snake that you could step on and hurt it and you can't do that
Cuz the worm is too big but on an IMAX screen the people that's
Way too big the worm is at that point. Yeah, I was no one's gonna believe there's a worm that big
When I watch June on my tablet
I'm like, why are those borrowers fighting that earthworm because I don't understand scale
Zendaya so small so little so little here's what I'll say to Dennis though that perhaps Dennis isn't considering
TVs these days as big
They are getting bigger pretty big. I said like my TV
It's pretty big now if this was old school where we had that one tube TV that I think in real life was like a 12
Inch screen but the box like the the case that it was in was like three feet wide
Then like yeah, I get it Dennis
I don't want to watch fucking Timothy Chalamet's beautiful face on that tiny shitty black mirror
But on my big TV now, it's getting close in that it's pretty big and I sit super close to it Dennis
I'm right up on it. So the aspect ratio is about the same
How to hold on if we could pause for 30 seconds. I'm here with celebrity correspondent David Lynch
You just wanted to weigh in on this impossible now if you're playing
the movie on a
Telephone you will never in a trillion years
Experience the film you'll think you have experienced it
But you'll be
Cheated it's a such a sadness that you think you've seen a film on your
fucking telephone
Get real
Okay, so that's sort of where Dave's at. Thank you David for coming into the studio with that. I really appreciate it
I'm gonna completely miss the point for a second and say that my favorite moment in there and is when you can hear him start
To think to say billion, but then he's like nah. No, no, no, David, David, David
Trillius trillion years that'll get the point across
Timothy Chalamet's not a big dude
He could get what you could lose him in the action on the phone. I haven't seen the dune film because it's not out yet
and
Frankly, I they got it right with the sting vert like they got it in one with sting and fucking aging tale Cooper
Like yeah, you're not gonna beat that but good luck but on a phone to me Chalamet. Where is he?
He is two pixels tall. I do not see the boy. I do not
Although it is the most I've ever felt capable that I could take Jason Momoa in a fight
Like I think I flick him across the table like a football
Angry Birds Angry Birds, Aquaman's ass right out the phone. Get out of here. Get out of here now
You're in the yard. I wish it's true because when you see the old version of dune on screen
I'm like, oh Patrick Stewart looks gigantic, right?
Oh, look how huge he is, but then I go and I see Jason Momoa's ass in that tiny ass phone. I'm like, oh, yeah
Yeah, no, I could squish that boy. I could squish that man. Look at him. Look at that. Travis could swish
Could swish he can pick Jason Momoa up and swish him nothing but net. Oh, no problem. No problem there
Absolutely, I could don't even get don't even get it started
So don't see if you see dune on TV if you see dune on TV take yourself to jail
Unless you admit yourself to jail unless
Unless you string a bunch of TVs together like in blank check the movie and you can watch it
That's awesome. Like a big you had a bunch of friends together and lamb
Party your TVs together. That's good. Just watch it
So watch TV is one chunk of Timothée Chalamet's face
Right and and decide ahead of time
Which part of which TV is gonna be the face because you don't want everybody to be like the nose or something
That would be so embarrassing, right? You want to be like, I'm the nose you guys are the eyes
Let's vulture on this shit and get Timothy Chalamet's face up on the big screen like Dennis intended and I'm just gonna say I'm I've been
This is like not relevant to me cuz I've been boycotting the movie
You guys know since they announced that Stellan Skarsgard was gonna play Baron Harkonnen and not Mike Myers like I've been requesting
So many years
Absolutely. I wanted Mike Myers play all the parts, but but they wouldn't they said he I was just but have you tried saying out loud?
Stellan Skarsgard
I'm gonna bring my screaming
Four month old and four year old to the theaters. Everybody's gonna be like, why did you bring these fucking kids to dune?
I'll be like Dennis made me I wanted to watch it at home like like a normal person
But apparently this is a Christ like experience. I just hope there's enough fucking I just hope there's enough
Stellan in there to satisfy my kids
I don't want it to be another another
Situation like like Jungle Cruise where they got Giamatti right at the beginning and then Giamatti disappears for large swaths
It's only this is yeah, this is what I'll say Justin
I'm still glad that you brought Jungle Cruise back into it because I watched Jungle Cruise at home and I can't imagine
How much harder I would have cried if I saw it in theaters, you know what I mean? So I'm kind of glad
Yes, then I'm able to sit at home and have a muted emotional experience because God knows sometimes
You know the the waterworks they just open and by the end of it you're dried out like spongebob in the Sun
And I don't want that, you know what I mean?
So like it's nice to be able to mute my emotions in watching say a Jungle Cruise
or a
Dune at home because the spice must flow but so must the tears the tears must also and I like that's the thing about home
Viewing that you're not gonna beat Dennis when I watched Chernobyl now with my kids
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and they were like, who's that great guy?
I was like, that's that is Stellan Skarsgard and then like happens in so many movies. He was gone for a long time
He wasn't on the screen. I could fast forward to the next scene. Yeah, and that's in the special feature
So you can just watch these guys the sing-along the sing-along Skarsgard cut. Yeah for sure. They call it the scar rated version
Right, it's pretty good that was ten minutes we're free. All right, we did it. Congratulations everybody
We are going to answer your questions now and turn them alchemy like into wisdom. That's what we do. This is our core competency
Well, it's our it's our it's our USP
unique selling point
Guys, all right. No other podcast has done it. You know the podcast will ever do it. Okay, because I know he has a fucking gun
Oh, all right. I'm so I'm just really it's been a while you sound amped up. I'm fucking stuck
This is the thing we switched to the morning record. Yeah, now I'm so chised on coffee. Yeah, you know, I mean
who I
work at a local deli that also serves ice cream even that's a
Vodka, yeah, sure a thousand things. I could say all right, you know
Yeah, well, that's that's using a lot like listen to like listen, like, um
You think they have a bologna flavored ice cream over here. Awesome. Come on. I've heard of creamed beef, but this
Come on
You're doing great stuff over there. But you know Justin's on fire. I need to give Justin
You're right. Get out of the way
Listen when MJ's on fire you give him the basketball or the microphone depending on which MJ
You're talking about you're discussing. Yeah now Justin. Yeah, do you sort of or the gun to shoot zombies if it's me?
Oh, right, right, right, right. Give me one more Justin, but make it more focused on the ice cream and less on the bologna
Okay. Yeah, you know what? I like is a nice
locks and then a schmear of
Neapolitan. Oh, that's smooth. Yeah, that's perfect. Shit. Yeah, fuck. I
Work at a local deli that also serves ice cream. Nice. I was
Helping out behind the ice cream County yesterday and while talking to my co-worker about milkshakes
I mentioned that I'm not the best person to talk to you because I'm lactose intolerant
Without missing a beat. He said yeah, it makes sense. I
I of course asked what he meant and he was immediately told me I don't know
You just look like you don't do dairy. Was this an insult? Yes
How do I make myself naturally look like I not only can eat but frequently consume milk?
That's from befuddled in Bellingham. Why would you want that?
Why do you want a milk milk is poisoned on your body?
Why do you want that no Griffin because you see there's some people that have been picking on me
But I've been drinking my milk and pretty soon. I'm gonna be a big tough guy and I'm gonna murder all of them
I don't remember how the commercial goes, but it's basically something like that. It was something like that
Yeah, it was a little boy the milk mustache saying bidet reckoning
You've missed an important sentence in this thing, which is that they are lactose intolerant
So like if I'm at a party and somebody's like cheap Griffin you haven't even looked at the cheese ball
Then I'm gonna have to say well, yeah, because it'll make me fart and shit weird and I'll seem like a total creepazoid
I would rather just avoid that entirely
Assume that about me. You're missing the point. The question asker is not asking
How do I make myself eat this food which is poisoned to my guts?
It is how do I make myself up here to be someone who eats this food?
That is poison in my guts so that I might pass without trace throughout society
So that people you're okay
Travis this is an intractable position that we have found ourselves in because I am saying if you give that off
But you can't if you're writing those checks
People are gonna tell you to cash them and when they tell you to cash them you will have to say I can't because of what?
It does to my stomach and my butt and the toys. Oh my god Griffin. You're missing the most obvious answer
Become an expert at sleight-of-hand
Okay, they make
Newspaper, yes, right the newspaper code and dump it in and then the stuffs but in this case the newspaper cone is your mouth
Okay, when the when the magic's guys
Do the trick where they pour the milk down the newspaper cone, uh-huh, and then it's gone
Yeah, that's making a mess somewhere right in a different dimension
Yeah, I mean jokes out of the room. There's no they're not pouring it into a fucking wormhole like they're pouring milk
What a newspaper come let's say let's put it this way
When the magician pour the milk into the newspaper code and then you make it disappear. Yeah, someone
Will be cleaning that up who will not at the end receive applause
When they're doing their stage show there is a techie
There is some kind of feeder professional standing off the wings going don't do the milk. Don't do the milks
I don't want to I hope no one thinks I'm
It's like in the prestige when Michael Caine revealed like no we we straight-up murder a bird like every single night
This is that somebody's like damn, where does the milk go though? And you're like
He and you stain on the floor. I'm sweeping up the birds
It's a living I don't I I
I would not want this. I don't I don't know why you want this
It's not most people I feel like aren't doing milk these days, huh?
I think that the problem is is that I think that lactose intolerant makes it seem like a weakness
instead of like saying like, oh no, my body rejects that point like I think it needs a
Rebranding is what it is rather than like I can't drink milk. My body has evolved beyond the need for milk
Right. That's a good way. We need something that makes it more like oh, you're not lactose intolerant. Oh my god. I'm so sorry
It's but it's like this is not a judge about people who are still rocking that dairy life. Go for it
Santa your truth. I'm proud of you, but there's so much stuff you can eat
No one's gonna come up to you and be like you don't eat the cheese and milk and you're like not there's other stuff
There's like lots of stuff that you can eat. There's lots of stuff you can eat. That's a actually a great point graph
Thanks juice, especially at the deli like, you know, I mean, yeah. Yeah. Can we approach the wizard?
Can we approach his humble yourself? I've actually been practicing a little dance for the wizard do your dance
I'm gonna genuflect and let's all appease the wizard of the cloud
Why did you get that tired cuz it was you didn't do that much
I'm really out of shape different. So I want to tell you all how to get out of a sticky situation
I think we've all been in from time to time too much on
No, no
You're out in the desert. Yeah, and you're riding on your camel. Yeah looking for
The mummy's crypt sure sure sure to get the golden treasure. I'm with Brendan Fraser and reach one of the Fraser's there, but then
Uh, you know Brent Fraser sees a sees a bad mummy and shoots it with his gun that kills mummies
Oh, okay, and and when that happens, it's loud right and your camel goes fuck this. I'm
Scared. Yeah. Yeah, so I want to read to y'all how to regain control of a spooked camel
Sent this in. Thank you, Holland
Just to quickly like sort of summarize a lot of the things that I'm gonna say here
Be just be chill about it. Yeah, cuz if you're not chill
Your camel's gonna know that it can also be not chill and get and get and sort of wild out
Hey Griffin, if I could just ask if you could get to the point. This is actually very timely for me. Oh shit. Okay
Yeah, like this is actually a going concern right now, right?
Okay, camels are very intuitive creatures. If they sense your anxiety or anger, they will get more spooked your anger
Fuck you camel. Stand still
It's important to manage your emotions, even if you're scared out of your mind. So focus on your breathing
Some people find that breathing in quick quickly and exhaling slowly helps them feel calmer
Huh other people find breathing in and out on counts of three helps that's so you've given me nothing here
Which of those those are two different things. Hey, yeah, but Travis listen remember camels they are calm by nature
They're not naughty by nature like a lot of
The animals of God's God's domain like a lot of
ungulates
ungulate anyway
It it will eventually regain its composure. You just when you're in the shit
Remember, you're not always gonna be in there because the camel wants to calm down, right?
Not this one Reggie is kind of going he's wilding out
He is now Travis, but he wants to be calm. So talk to the camel softly. Don't ever raise your voice at it Reggie
Reggie, you've trampled Reggie. You've trampled my child
Please destroy this bizarre that we found ourselves in if you could just chill out. This is a lot of money
You're going to cost me. I just want to see if there really is water inside of your hump
Yeah, myself really. Oh, that's number four. Don't poke a
Poke a straw into its hump trying to drink it up like a Capri Sun it says right here
Hey, it says that has never worked stop drinking that mountain. Do you co-read Reggie?
Go calm down, buddy. You've got gamer you've got gamer
Energy man, this and you can't get you can't expunge that cuz you can't game
You got don't kick or hurt the camel as an attempt to slow it down. I would never
If you want the camel to trust you he has to look at you like a friend not an enemy
I mean, but I'm writing but here's I don't I need the camera to my friends
I need the camel to respect me like I'm not gonna hurt or kick the camel, but I need the camel to respect me
Or kick the camel, but the idea that I'm its friend like you can't be a friend and a father to your camel
You know what? I mean? Sometimes I arm wrestle Reggie just to remind them
Has to know maintain a firm grip on the reins, but don't pull too hard
just pull the
normal
For camels for camels rain normal amount. They don't give a number how much torque do I need to use?
It's so hard to not err on the side of pulling too hard because there's definitely a not too hard amount that I could hold
It yeah, I'm gonna find myself
negative
Not only that if we're trying to earn this camels respect and I give it a loose like and it's like what was that?
What was that was nothing? Yeah, you got to just be just got to be consistent
Feel like I was thinking about if my camel ran away
It would really there's a level of exotic
This is that yeah
Exoticity there it is
There's a level of exoticity of an animal where owning that animal
becomes your
core define like
Constrictor person or
See I feel like even a boa constrictor is
It's like right on the line of like if someone says you should meet my friend Dan. It would be the first thing
Here's what you got to know about Dan
He owns a camel. I mean I guess probably depending on your locale though because there would be parts where
Yes, he doesn't own a camel and you bet there's a commiserate
There's a there's a commiserate level of like there's a animal animal that is exotic
Yeah in camel faring nations as it would be here
Do you say camel faring or camel fearing? I heard fearing. I heard fearing also, which is like what nation is that?
That's like
Try to get the camel moving in a circle, all right
You got it. You got a stunt that camel
You've got to let the camel have a little bit of fun by stunting it in a cool circle
How long do you think I don't know how smart camels are
But it gets smart if my camera got away from me
How far do you think it would get before it's like oh shit. I don't know where I'm going
Yeah, I need to go back to Travis. I'm gonna die out here now now while you're stunting in the Sun
Doing doing doughnuts on your camel this next step is pretty important
Try to remain saddled until the camel stops if you get it to circle
You must hang on and let it run and hang on for the fucking right of your life
Why did I do this?
No, not the ramp. You've got to get your center of gravity low and grip it with your legs and just
fucking close your eyes pray to whatever God you believe in and
Just just see what happens next. I can't imagine it's that hard though cuz you just put yourself between the two humps
That's exactly what I was about to say Travis
It's so funny you say that cuz I feel like
Camel is them any sort of dromedary would be the most embarrassing to fall off because they have a human divot
It's all right there part of the grand design. Yeah
perfect perfect
So remain saddled until the camel stops unless consider a quick dismount if all else fails
Sorry, hey your camel just trampled like my family. Yes. Sorry. He was going too fast. Did you pull on it the normal amount?
Yeah, I did. It's the regular not too much right? No. No, that was a trick. I'm just trying to get you with my trick
Damn, that's weird camels are usually so calm. I know that's why I had to jump off
I don't like the vagueness of if all else fails
Because one of the steps was stay saddled
Which then makes me think is that one of the things that would fail at which point someone would be like, hey
I saw you fall off your camel and you go. No, no, no, no
Yeah, I jumped off my camel because all else all everything else failed look real quick part to know what to do
Once you've regained control, which is assuming a lot, but you've gotten the camel to chill
You're off the camel and you're not dead one get the camel get off the camel
Once you have it under control once the wild ride is over have the camels it
Yeah steak you and your camels like you fucking bought it
And he's out well Charles, that's why you need to do step to keep a safe distance from your camel because and this is a fun fact
Unlike horses camels can kick in all directions
omni-directional
straight up
Fucking awesome. It could kick straight up. They can kick God
Cloud cloud kickers so cool
One of the steps have a calm but like direct discussion with your camel about what the two of you
Could do better next time don't make it all about the camel use a lot of I statements Travis
You're getting way ahead of me. Fuck me
Yeah
Step three is don't run away from the camel because if you turn your back to the camel it may chase after you and kick you
No matter which which away
There's nowhere you can hide from the camel's mini kicks
That's why I run away to the camel once it's calmed down
Like oh the camels calm. It's not wilding out anymore. Bye. You know it's trying to fucking trick you and prank you
Don't make any sharper sudden movements great great great and then step five and this is awesome
Try walking in a slow circle around your camel while talking to it calmly. I wish someone would do that to me sometime
I'm gonna ask my therapist next time. I'm like really going
Going bonkers in there to just like do a do a lap while giving me some sort of like nice affirmations
That would be that would be very soothing to me a little 360 degree
Since around experience
How about another question yeah, all right? We have time right we do
I just I feel like this is the most helpful thing sometimes
I like to end the episode on the most helpful thing and knowing that a camel can kick you no matter where you're at
even if you're like at home
No matter what yeah camels gonna find you I just want to say 360 noscope camel so I can move on with my fucking life
All right, let's go
360 nose all right well can't say I can't I said it just then I realized I already said it mm-hmm
Let's see here my partner, and I have been in the process of buying a house over the past couple months
Congratulations, that's a stressful process. No kidding and it hasn't been going too. Well. Oh we recently found out found one
That seems perfect for us. It's in our budget. It's nice outside. It's close to both of our jobs the problem
The name of the road it's on is a brown town
Where is this place? Did they say the city? I guess maybe they would know I'm gonna fucking drill down on this
Yeah, I know what are you gonna?
Road no, it's on Brown the name of the road. It's on his brown town
Should I buy this place if I do how can I get over the fact that I live on this street?
This is some rotten realty
Please discuss this while I do a little googling to see if I can find Brown
But we all want to look for Brown town Justin well
We can't some of us have to do podcast Travis so
Just right no bud like right off the top of the the heap here
There's a brown town, Wisconsin brown town, Virginia brown town which is in the Salisbury Township in Ohio
And there's like brown towns all over. There's Chattanooga. There's Battleboro, North Carolina
There's Atlanta, Georgia the brown town of Wisconsin has accredited Google Maps. No reviews. So here's one. It's called brown town. That's hilarious
Okay, three stars here's okay
There's a brown town road in Michigan in Pennsylvania in Virginia also in Virginia this so they're all
Okay, we're not gonna doxx this person. There's a lot of brown town roads
Here's the problem for me is that there's a part of me that if like one of my friends like if Justin if you were
Like how do I get to my house, and I was like well you just head on down to brown town
That's funny, but then someone goes yeah, I got a package here
Where do I deliver it and then I have to say to that person with my human mouth?
I need you to deliver it to brown town I
That that in that circumstance. I'm going to be embarrassed to tell people where I live
But there will be other moments where I'd be super proud that and I don't know if it balances out
Yeah, I don't think it does I
What have you just said dookieberg?
Every time you say it to someone. I mean, it's not you will get in here to it
You know what I mean like you'll get in here to it, but then
Eventually like you're you're what you're gonna get tired of is every time you tell someone you're gonna have to stop your entire life
For 15 minutes to unpack yes. No yes. I'm used to it. No it doesn't bother me. Yes. It's really called brown town
No, it's just a regular road
Nothing weird what if you regular stuff happens here? What if you started pronouncing it brone town?
Hmm what about brony town brony town come on the option?
Because I don't think brown tone works the same but brone town the housing market being what it is
is if you find a house that you can afford that you like and that you can
Get an offering on and win the house in the game that we call houses
and if it's on a street called
butthole
like fart Lane
Get it get that house. Yeah, you probably will have an easier time like
Petitioning the city to change just the name of the street on your block
Yeah, well finding another house in in this economy in this economy. Where do you live?
I live on 69 shit mouth cul-de-sac all right here. That's a great neighborhood. It's a great neighborhood great school districts and
affordable
Price per square foot we're loving it over here. There is an HOA at the shit mouth cul-de-sac, but
It's you can't you know things are tough. I just bought a new house. Oh, yeah, we're right
Oh, it's on everyone on this street has explosive diarrhea constantly street. Oh
Yeah, yeah, it's hard to send mail cuz you got fitted up in that top little corner there
It's really hard so I had to get a special like labels printed off, but they're lovely they have birds on them
It's nice. Yeah cardinals oh
Oh, that's funny. Let's say take a quick break then we're gonna come back with so much more
You won't even be able to handle it whoa
Honey is a baby
Honey is a service that helps you find the best coupons on the Internet my brothers are so overwhelmed by
Honey's great value proposition that they can't even string together a couple sentences about it. Yep
You know what I mean you're on the you're on the Internet. You're gonna buy a hammer you the hammers $100
You go to check out god. This really hurts, but then honey's like don't spend $100 on a hammer
I have I scoured the entirety of the Internet. I found a coupon code things. I've seen oh
Oh boy, yeah, I wish I hadn't looked at the whole Internet in wretched hey listen
Honey has been looking at the entire Internet, and it needs you now just as much as you
Finding coupon codes and a lot of other things
And it needs your help right now it not only it wants to save you a few bucks on your hair and you're very expensive
Hammer, but really it just could use a friend and maybe kind of a check
A reality check either a minor that there's light out there. Yeah, it needs you to just bring it
Just tug on the tether and bring honey in first give it the kid
Let it wake up for a second and if honey the kick and it's not gonna be right. It's seen things
You would not believe it has seen C. Beams glitter in the dark the other ten house or gate and saved you 15% off
People are laughing at this to justify the fact that we won't be paid for it
I hope enough people are laughing at this to justify the fact that we won't be paid for it
Add money to your computer in seconds at joinhoney.com slash brother. That's joinhoney.com slash brother
We have had a lot of fun here, but honey has actually saved me a considerable amount of money
It is wild. It's just fucking do it. It's wild that we have to it's wild that anyone has to advertise honey
Yeah, you click it, and then it saves you money on everything. It's not a scam people. It's good stuff
joinhoney.com slash
Brother, I'll tell you what's no joke
food waste
Because in 2019 35% of the food supply we had unsold or uneaten in the u.s.
And that is that's absolutely atrocious. What a waste
There's people out there that could use that and we don't need to be throwing that stuff away
You know what? I mean because with imperfect foods
you can get a grocery delivery that has like it's
Pantry stables stuff like that that just you know, maybe they're a little dinged up, but they're still perfectly good
All you have to do is sign up
Personalize your weekly order and then shop online each week and get sustainable groceries that help you invest in a better food system
delivered right to your front door and
unlike on-demand delivery companies imperfect delivers by
Neighborhood, it's a unique model that produces 25 to 75 percent fewer emissions than individual trips to the grocery store
pretty great
What's not to like you know what I mean?
So right now imperfect foods is offering our listeners 20% off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods.com
And make sure to use promo code my brother all one word again
It's 20% off your first four orders. That's up to an $80 value at imperfect foods.com using promo code
my brother
One more time try imperfect foods now and for a limited time get 20% off your first four orders
Just go to imperfect foods.com and use my brother all one word to sign up
Are you feeling elevated levels of anxiety?
Anxiety do you quake uncontrollably even thinking about watching cable news?
Do you have disturbing nightmares only to realize it's two in the afternoon and you're up?
If you've experienced one or more of these symptoms, you may have FNO
news overload
Fortunately, there's treatment. Hi. I'm Dave Holmes host of troubled waters
Troubled waters helps fight FNO. That's because troubled waters stimulates your joy zone on troubled waters
Two comedians will battle one another for pop culture supremacy
So join me Dave Holmes for two to two doses of troubled waters a month the cure for your news
Overload available on maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
I
Want a munch
I want to dance monkeys. I say much you say squat for you. I want a munch
Oh, hey y'all man
This one might be I just I don't know man
No one's making you do this just this one feels like I it is making me do it
But it's like the aura bore like this
First off public service announcement. The chacarroni is back Papa John. Thank you. Thank you
Don't get your chacarroni. It's a it's a Jake
Monstrous pepperoni pizza $1 every purchase. It is goes to a charity. It makes me so mad. It's not macaroni
I forgot it was the pizza. Sorry. Go now. It's a chacarroni with cheese. So the chacarroni is back. Baba John's
No, I want to tell you about
It's just really hard. This is just hard. Take your time. Okay guys Flavortown kitchen, huh?
the partners with lifestyle
brand
middle-class fancy to debut the Rand burger, okay, this is that I I
Sadly understand this and it is a fucking wild wild ride. So we're kind of in like, yes. Yes
For sure, yeah, cuz it's like I read it and I I read it several times and my brain couldn't
Put the chunks together. Yeah much the same way as guy. I have no idea what this is. Okay, okay
Can I take a stab? Yeah, take a stab. It's like it's like an Instagram joke account
That like makes fun of Guy Fieri sometimes and but now Guy Fieri is like no, let's collab win collab win now
Am I close? You're basically got it middle-class fancy is like an Instagram account. You know what I mean?
Where it doesn't mean jokes. Yeah, okay and memes
Are like jokes
That's unique remove punchlines and substituted with images. You're familiar with. Yeah, if you need it, that's a meme, right?
So there's all your vocab that you need here the world's most memeable chef
Guy Fieri is taking his Flavortown kitchen a
Delivery only restaurant brand powered by virtual dining concepts to heights. What a what a food stew our
Words do to new heights by partnering with the most iconic name in suburban meme culture
Middle-class fancy the partnership not only brings together two brands synonymous with memes
But also offers a new menu item the random burger now available for a limited time only
Okay, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. I know that in this day and age. This is like a really like trite
observation to make but imagine
taking this press release back in time even just like 30 years and
Handing this to a human being and they would read it and be like what if this is this is what is this?
Did you cut up a bunch of words in a magazine and throw them into the air and this is how they land like none
Of this makes sense. I get it for the fact. No, I know listen you get it because you understand
Individually what all these words beam
But without any context whatsoever, you could not put this together
Like sans context clues this these words mean nothing on their own
so
Middle some middle-class fancy is a meme account from Instagram and does seem to credit people for their memes sometimes
I can't really give a definitive answer on that but they do dunk on Guy Fieri and Guy Fieri
I guess loved the dunking so much that he wanted a collab
Millions of followers view middle-class fancies unique perspective on the absurdities of suburban lifestyle from jokes about air fryers to grilling battles
Integrating Guy Fieri's Flavortown kitchen into the middle-class fancy universe led Fieri to naming a burger after their beloved character Rand
Like I in Rand, so this is yeah, so this is like the first burger that is also an inside
Joke, you know what I mean? I
Started middle-class fancy as an exaggerated version of the life. I grew up around coming from a small town in Cedar Town, Georgia
It's a small town in Cedar Town, Georgia. That must be a pretty fucking small town
It's like safety town. It's like safety town
I already had a different meme account where I put I don't care about someone who is
More successful than me because they post memes. I need this. That's a shame. There's a lot of people you've just described
I know I rolled out a lot of people, huh? Sorry, I prefer books by author wait, so people make money from posting
Huge part of middle-class fancy universe
Involves the restaurant experience as well. I'm beyond excited to work with guy and I know my audience
What we love what we have in store for them. It's I mean, it's a burger
Here's here's the here's a quote from Guy Fieri and I know this one isn't funny. I'm really struggling with it
I'm being honest about that and that's worth something. It's vulnerable
Meme or no. Let me do my Guy Fieri voice
Meme or no meme Rand is a real dude and a formidable grill master says Guy Fieri
So in recognition of his true backyard burger badassery
I'm allowing Rand a limited time only trip through flavor town
That your Guy Fieri Justin
Yeah
Scares the shit out of me. What's wrong with him? We can we have time we can sort of zero in do them again
Just say that again
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's it's a it's a he wants to fight me yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, are the very least challenge my preconceptions
Do you not do you not get the impression that Guy Fieri wants to fight food a lot? Oh fight food. Yeah, that's interesting
I don't want to take this ham Sammy out back and kick its balls. Yeah, that's cool that I get
That I get if he said I named this burger after I mean the burgers name
That's a character on an Instagram meme feed. Yeah, what is happening? Well, it's 2021 and nothing means anything anymore
No, this means something and this means something to me. Does it? Yeah
What's it mean to you Griffin? That's funny when one funny thing does a funny thing with another funny thing?
That's good shit, man. Well, I mean you can get it if you want it you guys know
But you don't even need a restaurant to have a restaurant anymore Guy Fieri that you get the idea like Flavortown kitchen
This is not a rest. This is not a building you can go to
You just tell Uber Eats you want it and Guy Fieri ships it to you or something
Some like is there a hook my favorite burger in Huntington? Yeah is the mr. Beast burger, which is delivered
Via a YouTube account called mr. Beast and he started a bunch of burger places hundreds
throughout the u.s
It's you that's the best burger in town. It seems from this YouTube guy
I see the one who gives people
Bunches of money and you watch mr. Beast and you think like damn this little dude's like a little publishers clearinghouse. Look at this
gentleman
Yeah, he goes place to place
Sometimes he gets hunted by the FBI and if the FBI catches him he gives him 10 10,000
100 G's
Well, it's not the whole FBI it's just one guy so and I have to imagine he's like a disgrace
Cuz I can't imagine they let their best people do this
But maybe I don't know. All right, that's that's it. It's like I this is why I'm saying and this is why I'm struggling with
it like I
You don't know if it's normal or not. It's not that I know if it's normal. It's like I feel like
the we have crossed some sort of
You to the fighting lot what a tuba con
That's could be it. It's like it. It's like a dividing line where no, it's like more of like a
We've broken the memetic seal. So you the thing the fact that it is wild is
Is the point the cruelty is the point, you know?
Yeah, it is why yes, that's right. It is wild and that's why a lot of these products. They're not even like
For sale in a wide-reaching way. It's just like yeah, we did a really stupid thing
Well, you care about it and that pushes you into a well and forces you to tweet about it
This is the thing we have reached a point now
We're like the pendulum is gonna swing back the other way and pretty soon like a big news story
It's gonna be like McDonald's saying like yeah, we're making a new burger and that's it
It's just a new burger and it has ingredients that we thought you would like
The only human part of the fast the casual dining industry anymore. The only human part is that there's
Everybody's doing a lot more
Plants you can eat a lot this which seems good in my stupid opinion, you know, it seems good. Yeah plants
All right, that was that was a challenging one
It's a challenging one right because I don't know. I don't know. Is that worth reporting?
Is that a new story for much squat? I don't know because that it's the point the that is the point, you know
It's not an exception anymore. It is the rule that exactly. Yeah, Trav. I mean, yeah, it doesn't require a
Me to do it. Like yeah
Guy did his own munch squad kind of you know what I mean?
It's like I I'll take this from you too
I'll tell you what would be an exciting one squad is if you could find a press release that was like this meme account
Tried to get Guy Fieri to do a burger with him and Guy Fieri said no
I'm not gonna do that. That sounds too silly. I wish I could get I mean
I've been truck we've been trying to get guy on the show for
You got a partner with him
Got a partner with him. Maybe that's it. Maybe if we had a great character, he could do a burger my burger my burger me
All right burgers. Okay. Now you are now you are actually cooking with gas two burgers and yourself
That's it it sounded like I would get three burgers
Me it's my burger my burger me and you have to eat both of them while guy watches
I got an idea for a new hot dog. Oh
Yeah called stink dogs. Get at me guy, but I'm not gonna tell you what it is
Oh, unless you make the connection I have a new idea for a hot dog called a not dog
And I'm just gonna tell you what it is. It's an empty bun
All right. Do you get it? That's good. You can put whatever you want in there
It's your it's your blue sky, but not a hot dog. No speaking speaking, which I want to tell you guys
Yeah, thanks, right and I got hot dogs for dinner and there was an extra hot dog
I think you know, we hit we had the whole nine yards buns the whole thing
We ended up I was cleaning up at the end of the night, right? Yeah, and I I
There's a bag of bun. Yeah, and I went to go store it
My wife, uh-huh
my wife had
Put the one leftover hot dog we had. Yeah
Into the one remaining bun that we have and then wrapped it back up in the hot dog bun bag
Cool. And left it on the counter. I like that. Have you ever heard anything more treacherous in your entire life?
I mean, okay if you're at an outdoor picnic and you have to protect it from the elements
But I'm imagining you don't got buzz buzz flies in your kitchen. Where does that fit into the
Like
Procedures of food handling we're like now you have this and I didn't know about it. That's just really important
Yeah, to me. It's a bun in a bag. There's one bun in the bag left time to store this with buns
That is I think that is the the cat because they've if if it was my wife
my wife, thank you and
She put the hot dog in the bun and then loudly announced I'm gonna wrap this up that
Right fine. Let me know but you gotta let you gotta let Justin know you gotta let Justin know
It's the on the counter that also bothers me because I feel the people of this world
On on the whole have way too. They're too blase about the old danger zone of
Yeah, and 40 to 140 folks. It's more than four hours
You got a chuck it you just broke it through the danger zone sometimes
Sometimes even then I feel personally is pushing it where if I've been at a party and it's been like two hours
I'm like, oh we could just oh, you know, nobody's picking at this anymore
Oh if we could just go ahead and put this back in the old refrigerator. Oh
Travis you've actually tied in beautifully to our next question. All right. I have a simple query today
What's the appropriate time to delete someone's contact information?
I have some people from high school in my phone and old work contacts
How long without being in touch is it good enough to simply purge my phone of their existence? That's from living on the lam. I
have
Roughly
1500 people. Oh, no, I'm sorry. I have an exact number. Okay, it's only 900 contacts in my contacts
Wow, because at some point iCloud was like hey you want every single person
You've ever received an email from to be added to your contacts, right? And sometimes you click through those contacts
It's like oh, we didn't think you'd actually click on it. We don't know
Yeah, we can't get a hold of these persons off the greatest parts were concerned
Yeah, I have PR or
HR from AOL
So if I need to reach out to AOL HR to get something taken care of I can just knock that knock that right out
I this weird thing happened at some point between Teresa and I like sharing computers and
Backups of phones and being on like the same AT&T account
Somehow our phones have now melded and all of her contacts are mixed with my contacts in my phone and all of my contacts
are mixed with her contacts and her phone and
So is created this thing where I'll be searching for a number a name will come up and I'm like who the fuck I?
I don't know this Eric person and Trace is like, oh
That's a guy I went to high school with and I'll look at it and think I should delete that
Then I won't because what if I need to contact air? I I have a I have a
Okay, there's an impulse to leave every contact on there. I get that at the same time though
Every day you do that is another day. You run the risk of accidentally pressing the dial, but we've all done
Yep, actually pressing the dial button
I
Think you delete it when you if you were to call that person would have
Absolutely, no possible. There are some people that are so removed from me in terms of
Be it like actual geographic space or time or life events. Yes, right
Yeah, where a call to them would be
utterly
Here's my phone would instantly become a burner. I'd have to put it into a hydraulic press but this is
This is the problem to go back to like the age
We live in right as the issue is that like and maybe this is a very specific problem
But I don't think so because more and more people are turning to internet content creation for a job
Is that you run the risk of a kid you go up went to high school with right who has your same phone number?
like
You know following your Instagram account where you post your art or listening your podcast or whatever and texting you like I love the show
And you've deleted it. It's just a random number and you're like
Fucking nightmare. Yeah, and they're like no no no we like we're best friends for eight years I
Have rust frushtick in my contact. You can delete four four separate times
What do I need? Why does he have four cell phone?
I have dad in my phone twice and I went to numbers
And I have to remember every time like which was my real dad
I have Richard Garriott in my phone for some I can text Richard Garriott right now and be like let me get all up in
Heaven do take me to space take me your wonderful castle rich
I'm trying to think of like what's the weird what's one I could get rid of let's see is that cuz
Well, it's just sometimes. I have numbers saved to my phone for like businesses
Yeah, I don't go to like I don't know where it's just like well
I checked this enough times that like it's just I'm just gonna save it and then it's like well
How often am I calling you know the Huntington Museum of Art?
You know I could probably get rid of that one we can do another question, okay?
There's a good one this this was a good one
The local university has obtained a rare corpse flower
And I want to sounds like the beginning of a murder mystery go on and I want to go see it because it's a once-in-lifetime
Opportunity, but my girlfriend doesn't want to go with me because it will smell bad like a corpse
How do I convince her to come experience this nasty blooming flower with me? That's from noxious in Knoxville
Oh, is that it's weird to think that there are people in this world that when you're like smell how bad this smells
They're not like okay
Right like yeah, that's me. I was like oh my god. It smells terrible
Does it like it's that's see it like I've been at a funeral homes where they had smelling salts, and it's all I wanted
Oh, I've hit the smelling salts. Oh, yeah, it does not feel good. It's no you got it
But you got to do it like you got to know what this thing you got to know what that stink is like I?
Don't like the smell of flowers, so this wouldn't really stress me out that much
Smell flowers grosses me out. Why?
Because that makes me because the art because I have at some point
some part of my brain
Connected funerals and flowers, and that's where I'm at now
Get out of it. That's where I'm at. That's what my brain if I have fresh good people give me flowers
I want to cry. I hate I can't stand smell flower really don't like them. I don't like them
I'll try this court flower. I guess, but maybe I could just rule the whole category now, but
flower
Maybe that would be what purges your system
Maybe I don't think I I don't think so
You know some if somebody doesn't want to go do something stinky. I think you gotta respect it. You know you're that's a very legitimate
We've gotten to where we're at as a species
by
Respecting the desire to not smell stinky thing yeah a lot of times
That's earth trying to tell you this poison. I would also say that there is a good distance
Along the way of this journey that your girlfriend could accompany you right up to but not including
Smelling the bad bad stinky flower that would make it a day together
Right a yeah
You don't need to share this experience if they don't if if someone said hey Travis
There's a flower down at local university that smells like stinky old garbage juice
That's been left out in the Sun come with it with me. I'd be like no no no and they'd be like oh
I thought we were friends. Let me augment that though. Just a little bit Travis. There's an
incredibly rare
Flower that smells like stinky garbage juice that you will never get the chance again to smell down to university come down
That's you know I do that. I know that's what I'm saying like I want to eat durian fruit
And like that's the one thing that like that dude from bizarre foods is like this fucking gross. I hate this shit
I'm like I want to eat that nasty ass fruit. Yeah
If Andrew Zimmern hates it. I'll fucking chomp it. I want to be braver than him
I want to know that I'm the braver man a ship in harbor is safe. Go smell the fucking flower is awesome
This person already wants to smell the flower they need to convince someone else to smell the flower
Hey, go smell the flower and be like it's kicked ass you got I'm gonna have to disagree with this one
All right
because here's the thing if they there is a chance now that that person goes up and smell it and
After like question asker has like go to them on and cajole them to do it and then they smell like yeah
Oh fucking awful, and I hate that that happened right and now it's that thing and then the next time you're like hey
Go do this thing with me. I'm going to this weird Renaissance Festival
And they're like I don't know that I want to go to that you've lost all bargaining power
No, because if you say come smell this stinky ass rotten corpse flower with me
And then you go and they're like that smelled so bad, and you can say like yeah, I
Did say that it's not like you're going to saying like hey?
we're gonna go to the Renaissance Fair and get overcharged for dry turkey and
And we're gonna feel not confident in our costumes, and they'll be like well
That's a you were also not selling this very well. I don't know go smell the flower man shipping Harbor
I don't think you should make people smell things. They don't want to smell
Okay, shipping her well, but you could have a trade-off and say like you smell this flower
And then I'll smell something you want me to smell
It would be kind of fun to be at a place where you could just loudly say pee you that is true
You know the main thing
Pee yeah, and people would be like that's exactly the reaction. We're going for thank you so much while
You're waiting in line to smell it
Just be like pee you and people like you can already we're outside the building
And you're like yeah, it smells so you guys can't smell that ooh stinky Pee you this is I actually I have a similar feel
If somebody was like hey, let's go to that butterfly garden exhibition. I'm like no. Thank you. That's no no
Oh, that's the worst. Oh god those things oh
Boy just like a bunch of killable yes
Also, I have a three-year-old so that's a that's just a I'm a big old
Shrekkin around and the idea that I'm gonna sit on it. I'm gonna step on it. I'm gonna inhale it
I'm going to I don't know move my hand too quickly and backhand a butterfly
Across the room while my four-year-old looks on no. Thank you
I'm just gonna cause like a billion billion like
Tsunamis on the other side of the planet you know yes, yes, yes, yes
I've seen the Ashton Kutcher movie butterfly absolutely where he goes to that butterfly
Conservatory, and he accidentally eats three butterflies and a volcano erupts and he turns into butterfly man
We've all seen the movie that's funny that part's cool. I like his butterfly man
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast you can buy stuff at McElroy merch calm if you want to um
We'll have we don't have an exact date or anything set up yet
But we're going to do more live shows like virtually speaking
And so if you would come to those
Events they've all been really fun ask anybody who's come to them. They're great
In case you missed out along those same lines Teresa, and I had to cancel the dragon con appearance
It was a lot of factors at play, but uh yeah, so I don't
I don't know if anybody was cleaning and going just because we were gonna be there
But I wanted to make sure you all knew we would not be attending this year
And hey the full song and music video for my life is better with you from montaigne is out
You can find it on the McElroy family YouTube channel. It's a freaking delight
We're so happy
To to have worked with montaigne on that I say that montaigne didn't like 99% of the work
We just made silly faces. I saw somebody describe it as like
Did the whole video just exudes dad energy including montaigne?
Go watch it. Yeah, I got a final yahoo here this one was sent in by
lamp per
Who sent it in thank you Lambert? It's from yahoo answers user mo
Rocka wow yeah wow big yeah, mo rocka asks
Mo rocka asks
Mo I'm sorry. I'm googling. I forgot who mo rocka was
Oh, okay, can I do a CBS Sunday morning on Arby's?
I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
I
Oh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
