The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, and Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Let's do it. Just do it.
Just do it. Nike. We said last week, no more introductions. There's nothing to talk about,
so no more introductions. Well, there's something to talk about,
but let's not talk about that. There's something big worth discussing,
but let's not discuss that one. I would like to pitch a new way to start the show.
We're going to take it way back to our start, really. Community theater. Let's do an energy
circle. Oh, that's good. Yeah, and then a prayer circle. That's less good. Let's start off,
everybody, no matter what you're doing, just put your hands up in the air and just shake them all
around. Oh, we're going to feel that energy go into you. And now me and Travis are going to do
a private prayer circle over here, and Justin, if you don't want to be a part of that, you can
go do something the fuck else while me and Travis pray to Jesus to make our show, Annie Get Your Gun,
go so good. I was not going to pray to Jesus. Oh, no. Oh, no. You're going to pray to the theater
mask God. Yeah. Let's cover our bases. I'll do Jesus. Travis does the comedy tragedy mascot.
Justin, pick one. Dionysus. Okay. Dionysus. Oh, that's a fun one, huh? Yeah. All right,
I'll start. Hey, Jesus, it's me. Apologies for my bros. They don't know what's up. I know that you
love musical theater. I know you love comedies. Barefoot in the Park is your favorite. Today-
Wait, really? Wait, Griffin, Jesus Christ Superstar isn't his favorite?
No, he thinks he's played and he doesn't like rock. As we all know, he doesn't like rock music.
Anyway, we're about to do Annie Get Your Gun, and it's really important. There may be scouts in the
audience. Just let me shine, let me sparkle, and let me dazzle them. Please forgive my brothers.
They're going to pray to people who aren't you, and I know you don't like that stuff.
Hey, Thespo, it's me just reaching out to you. Let me hit them high notes. I hear there's going
to be scouts in the crowds trying to take this all the way. I know I'm just backup dancer number six,
but I think I've got potential. Anyways, I love you, and I'll see you at home.
Amen. I didn't say amen on mine.
Dionysus, it's me again, Justin McElroy. Yes, I come to you once more, the god of
winemaking and grape cultivation and fertility and ritual madness and religious ecstasy and theater.
I can call you Dionysus, I can call you Bacchus, but right now I'm just calling you my last chance.
I really got to do good in my role as Frank Marshall in this production of Annie Get Your Gun
that we are apparently about to mount on this podcast. I'm having that nightmare god,
Dionysus, that I sometimes have where I don't know what the show is, but I have to perform anyway,
except it's not a nightmare. It's real, and nobody knows what the show is, and we're all in it together.
So, God, amen. Please, if you're not the real one, if you could just please send this to Jesus,
if he's better for this. Please forward, I guess, to whatever, to whom it may concern.
Yeah, I think we're gonna crush it. Guys, this has a wafting aroma of an introduction.
No, it's not an introduction. It's just a prayer circle.
This is just a prayer circle, and now energy circle. Everybody hold hands wherever you are.
Okay, and I'm holding on to the two cybernetically linked robot hands that you all gave me as a
present that mimic your hand. Oh, you're doing the jerk off just you're both doing the jerk off
gesture. That is how I do. That's how I do energy circles. Should we start over again?
Let's just do the first question. Yeah, first question. You know, we said no more introductions,
and then we accidentally did one, and we can be better than that. We can be better than this
together. Tonight, while preparing dinner, my husband said we had too many veggies,
so he wasn't going to cook carrots. I said, fine by me. I don't really like carrots. This shocked
him far more than I was expecting. He said he felt betrayed, and I should have mentioned this
at some point in our six-year relationship before now. Thing is, I don't hate carrots,
and usually I eat them without complaint because they're healthy. They're just not my favorite
vegetable. Should I have mentioned this beforehand? Should I now sit down and come up with a list of
things I'm just not a huge fan of or impartial to just in case? Or is he overreacting that's from
just not that enthused in Australia? What a fucking great question. I only want to talk about this.
Okay. All right. Why?
I just think it's got everything that I like to talk about now.
Carrots.
Relationships, maintaining a long-term relationship, and vegetables, and where they
are sort of at where I'm at. Can I talk about my journey with carrots? It's just that kind of an
inverse of cheese. If you cook carrots, I'm so out. If you have them raw, I'll eat those crunchy
little bastards all day long. You cook it, I'm completely out on carrots. I don't want to eat
it either. Is it the hotness? Is it the heat? You don't like a hot carrot? Is it the mushy,
the softness? It's the mushy and the sweetness. The mushy sweetness that I really don't enjoy.
Interesting. I like it. That's what I like about a cooked carrot is it's like a vegetable that's
kind of pretending a little bit to be a fruit. There is almost no vegetable. I'm sitting here
trying to think of it. There's almost no vegetable that I fuck with equally in a hot versus a cold.
I mean, right. Raw carrots, down. Raw celery, better than cooked celery, basically.
Flip that, though, for broccoli. What the fuck? I hate raw broccoli.
No one. No one.
Raw cauliflower? Fucking debate.
Get that shit off my veggie tray.
Listen, the cherry tomatoes are gone. Boom. Everybody loves those little guys.
Cherry tomatoes, they're gone. Cleaned out.
I don't fuck with raw tomatoes.
Okay, Justin, we can't talk about... It's not even broclivity. It's your anti-clivities.
Some of the things you don't like.
There should be a better word for that.
Yes. But cherry tomatoes, I'm going to say your cherry tomatoes, your raw carrots, your raw celery,
these things, they are flying off the shelves of the veggie tray.
Those can stay. Those can stay.
Oh, and maybe I'm going to speak up for a sugar snap pea.
Oh, someone's got to speak at Travis's, the fucking Lorax.
Some stringy garbage in between their incisors.
It doesn't have the crunch of it. It's just got, I mean, it's right there in the name, a snap.
It's got a snap. I like that.
And this is good. It's really good that we get this taxonomy going on this show,
because chefs don't know what the fuck to do with these things.
Yes, thank you.
If they're crunchy, let me munchie. If they're-
If they're-
Soggy, give to doggy.
You're saying if the vegetable gets wet, feed it to a dog?
Well, I mean, not all vegetables. You have to do what I do, which is ask Echo.
I'm not going to say her real name because she's listening.
Okay. Got you. I got you. I got you. I got you.
If they're crunchy, let me munchie. If they're soft, cook them off.
But what about broccoli and carrots?
Those are soft. Oh, wait. No, carrots are crunchy. Let me munchie.
If they're soft like broccoli, cook them off.
Cauliflower?
Is soft. Cook them off.
Asparagus?
You roast those. Roast those bastards.
Gotta roast them.
You gotta roast them.
I have come to-
I like- There's a few things that I-
Even in my adult years, I'm like, nope, absolutely not.
And I kind of enjoy that because I've come to eat so many different vegetables
and be okay with so many different weird things
that I kind of treasure the things that I'm still like, absolutely not.
And my wife knows those things.
Like, she knows like, don't put a water chestnut near me.
Oh, fuck.
Disgusting. They're so gross.
What is it? You're not a nut.
Why are you pretending?
And you're not water.
You're a- This- Okay.
Fuck the first person that was like, I just found this.
This tastes like a- Well, I'm trying to come up with a name for it.
It kind of tastes like a wet nut.
Is that anything?
Oh, I got it.
I'm going to put it in salad and vegetable bags and many Asian dishes.
The fact that- Fuck water chestnuts.
The fact of the matter is there's like nothing, no food stuff
that I just like will absolutely not eat.
Like if other people eat it somewhere, chances are I'll eat it.
But there are plenty of things that if you like give me the option
that I'd be like, oh, I'd rather have that than that.
Like, you know what I mean?
I just, I'm saying, let me get the thing that-
Why I married to the woman I married to and why we are still together
is that almost without fail, except for olives, which we both despise,
the foods that I can't deal with Sydney adores.
So it's like, slide those water chestnuts over here.
I'm way in.
I'm deep into it.
Oh, you got a pickle that you don't want.
Slide that pickle over my way.
And I think that that maybe is what your husband is like.
Oh, if you are not into carrots, that's a lot of carrots.
I could have been scarfing this whole time.
I could be enjoying them.
If you're not enjoying these, these, the vitamin pack.
These sweet little orange honey cigars.
Or potentially your husband also doesn't enjoy carrots
and was making them thinking you enjoyed them.
Yeah, I never have to buy these fucking things again.
Think of all the money we could have saved on carrots.
If you are a person who has never eaten a vegetable in your life
and you come to me and you're like,
man, I've never eaten a vegetable in my life.
I would probably look around the grocery store.
I'd be like, well, here, try this.
This is called a carrot.
This is the veg- carrot is the vegetable, right?
And if you eat carrot and you're like, ugh, gross.
I'll be like, well, then there's nothing.
There's leave the produce section.
It's all downhill from here, man.
I'm not even saying carrots the best vegetable,
but like nobody eats a carrot and is like, fuck that.
No way.
Now what about, I might say corn is maybe like a better like entry.
Yeah.
Vegetable.
But there's nothing that compares to corn.
Like you can't be like corn and now here's some lettuce.
Now here's like, if you go carrot,
you can go carrot to celery easy.
I love that Shanae O'Connor song.
Nothing compares, nothing compares to corn.
Can I do a Yahoo?
I'm saying-
Hold on, I got to call Weird Al.
Okay, that was good.
I'm saying, I think your husband overreacted.
Okay.
This Yahoo is sent by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham Roebuck.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Ray, who asks,
this may be a short one, but I think it's worth talking about.
Would I die if I walk through a carwash?
Huh.
Huh, okay, hold on.
And we're talking about an automatic carwash.
I don't think if you walk through a,
if you walk through a self-service carwash and die,
there has been foul play.
Well, there's a logic puzzle in there, right?
That's a murder.
Yeah.
There's a puddle of water on the ground and a man is dead.
What happened?
Yeah, but if you, I'm talking about you're behind the Sunoco
and you've gotten the, and let's say just to again,
make the rules as firm as possible,
the most premium wash they have available.
The most possible things.
The most possible.
I'm not talking about the $3 splash and soap bullshit
where your car is dirtier.
Don't fucking talk to me about the $3 splash and soap.
My car is dirtier on the other side of that.
I want the wax.
I want the rainbow foam.
I want all that shit, but I want it on my body
and I want to live through it.
Huh.
I want to drive through a super powerful dryer
that never works and has never worked
and does not dry cars
and I don't know why they're always there.
It just pushes the water kind of around
and it looks cool, but it's functionally useless,
but I want that on my body.
Would it kill you?
Okay, let's go through the process.
Okay.
So you're walking through,
you're going to get sprayed with water.
We have to assume,
you have to assume if you're a manufacturer of the car wash,
you have to factor in a first step
that is non-lethal to account for people
that did have their window rolled down.
They're just like, what the fuck?
This is how it works, okay?
So the first step, the initial rinse,
I got to say that's almost certainly non-lethal.
Not lethal, yeah.
Well, not lethal isn't the same as,
because I think what you're also assuming there is,
a lot of damage will be done,
but now you've figured out you need to roll your window up
because then there are other steps down.
And I feel like maybe if you get blasted
in every step of the way, it compounds the damage.
Interesting.
You're weakened, your hit points are low.
Yeah, you're definitely, you're bloodied.
You know what I mean?
Like, oh no, why didn't you roll your window up
after you were sprayed by the high-powered foamy water?
We're not going to be able to sort of arithmetic out the PSI
of these nozzles, yes?
But we can say, I can say pretty confidently,
you blast yourself with a power washer,
big rips, big rips up to GZO, you're done.
But it's not power washer pressure in the car washer
so it would rip the paint off the car, right?
And if it's not ripping the paint off the car,
it ain't gonna rip the flesh off my bones.
So I do not think the spray pressure
is gonna get me there.
So next step, foam rollers, will those crush my petite body?
I mean, you can push on a car harder
than you can push on a person, Justin.
They're not engineered, though, to squish a person.
I don't know that they would get,
no one goes through those things on their motorcycle, right?
Like, they're not supposed to come in so far
that they could crush a man.
No, I agree with you, J-Man,
that they did not design them to squish a person.
But I'm saying- So they designed them
to not squish a person. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a toughie.
I don't know.
Well, you have to make a ruling on it
so you can't just sit back on your fucking ivory throne
and say, it's a toughie.
Okay, I don't think the foam rollers are gonna kill you.
I think that they're gonna be unpleasant.
Hugely unpleasant.
Because I'll tell you-
What about the turny ones?
Yes.
Because that's the ones that are like vertical.
And it's like a cat of a billion tails.
That is going to just rip the flesh from-
That would suck, actually.
That would suck shit, man. That might actually mess you up.
And we haven't even gotten to the undercarriage wash.
Oh, boy.
Like, oh, my beepus, no.
That's gonna spray up through you.
That's the terrible thing,
because first you'll have the most profound
and prolonged orgasm of your life
as you discover your kink moments before you are killed.
Yep. That is a tough one.
Then there's also the wax.
The wax is where I am.
I'm fucked up now.
Before we get to wax, before we get to wax,
we need to establish another rule,
which is, do I have to stand still?
Okay.
The rollers come at me.
You mentioned the vertical roller, okay?
Or the horizontal roller that comes in,
I can duck under that?
The vertical rollers, like, would it even be possible
for me to stand still while these two rollers
crush me from either side?
Or would it sort of squirt me out one end?
I think you have to keep feet planted,
because otherwise you could go hide in the corner
and this experiment is null and void.
I think there is a way that you could say,
this is a training session for American Ninja Warrior
where I'm going to avoid these things that will kill me.
But I think in the spirit of the question,
will it kill you?
You are committing to the experience.
Yeah, you want to go on this ride.
Okay, now we can return to hot wax.
Yowza.
Don't really have much else to add.
I think the wax is quite hot, right?
I don't know.
I mean, I really don't,
because again, like, I kind of feel like any spraying,
they have to take a chance that somebody
has accidentally rolled their window.
Like, I think that you have to be able to withstand
some of the spraying.
I don't know if the wax is hot.
Like, sometimes this has hot wax,
and that I get, absolutely.
I'm just not sure it's like murder hot.
Huh.
Yeah, but once again, Justin,
I'm talking about a compounding,
like you've just been slapped all over
by a thousand, like, I don't even know what that's made out of,
but it makes a thunk when it hits my car.
Like, you are, I think, a thousand tiny cuts,
a thousand tiny welts,
and then you're getting sprayed by wax.
Even if that wax is not like flesh melting,
even if it's not boiling, it's warm.
It's warm.
It's not going to be a pleasant experience.
Nobody's saying it's going to be a pleasant experience.
No, but I'm saying it's horrible.
Car wash, well, their car's going through it,
and it's like, that's a pleasant,
mama mia, that's a pleasant experience.
I'm saying that by this point,
you have been so tenderized
that when you get to the dryer,
even that pressure of air
is just going to force all the skin off your body.
Oh, wait, are you going through nude?
Oh.
That's too many variables,
because then I can wear like,
like, you know, I find out I'm going to be
on this really fucked up high stakes episode of Fear Factor,
and I can dress for the occasion.
Yeah, I think you have to be nude.
I think you have to be nude.
I think you need to be nude.
I think you want to be nude.
Yeah, listen, you're not doing this
if not to be nude.
There's no news about a person
being killed in a car wash that I can find.
Oh, so there's not like an update on this?
What?
Oh, wait.
No, never mind.
That's a different thing.
I don't like Googling deaths.
Okay, I'm going to quit Googling deaths.
I'm out.
How about another question?
A real palate cleanser.
I hope this email finds you well.
Thank you.
So many people forget the pleasantries.
It doesn't, but if you could turn it around,
that would be neat.
I've recently resolved to dye my hair a dark red
after seeing a fellow coworker rock a bright red.
I work as an EMT and colored hair
isn't super common in the field.
So it's going to be super clear
that I'm copying her style.
Ah, my question is,
how do I dress the crimson elephant in the room?
Do I just rock up one day like nothing's different?
Or do I have to profess my envy of those ruby locks?
As from hair color conundrum in California,
this is actually a very challenging question.
Yes, I'm having a difficult time with it.
Because there is no like,
oh, is yours red?
There is no actor on earth that could deliver that
in such a way.
Your flave has been copped.
You've copped the flave.
Yeah, but I also think you couldn't in lead up to yours
be like, I love that color.
That's so good.
Because then when you do it,
it's just so like talented Mr. Ripley obvious.
It's so creepy.
It's so creepy.
You have to address it.
I think not addressing it is not possible.
So the question has become even more challenging.
How do you say,
is it okay that I have chomped this flave so completely?
Do you address it?
Okay, let's answer this first.
Do you address it before or after?
Because I can't imagine the before would be like,
I mean, hi, I just wanted to say
that your hair is so beautiful
and I just want to take it for my own
and allow my ascension to the complete me
of this crimson dragon that I and God are supposed to,
I'll just take your hair and glue it to mine.
Is that okay?
I'm getting scared now and I don't like feeling scared.
Why do you make me feel this way?
I don't think that's gonna go.
That's a worst case scenario.
No, but the post, the after credits asking Justin is like,
hey, I did this, what do I do now if you say no?
Like, hey, was this okay that I did this?
No, shit.
I got it, I got it, I got it.
You go to them, you say,
oh man, your hair looks so cool.
I've actually been thinking about dying my hair red for a while.
Can you tell me, like, you got any tips?
Long before you ever thought of it.
Well, no, you don't have to frame it like that.
You don't have to be the world's biggest jagoff,
but you can make it feel like they are doing,
like they're letting you in on the cool red hair club.
Ooh, can you help me, like, pick a shade?
Ooh, yeah, yeah.
Will you help me pick a shade?
I really think your hair looks cool
and I have always wanted to do a look like that.
And what better time to do it than now?
Will you feel the sense of pride and satisfaction
like Mama Bear and the Cub in teaching me
how to make my hair like a cool punk rock EMT?
And then we can form some kind of band of adventurers together,
saving people every time.
Every time you won't go in, like,
a fantastical Mr. Fox bullshit direction.
Well, oh, sorry, I forgot that you guys don't have dyed hair,
so you'd, oh, yeah, you don't, yeah, it's fine, don't worry.
Yeah, that definitely doesn't happen when you dye your hair.
The important thing is that you keep dying it
and as soon as new people come and get hired by the EMT company,
you, you, you, hello, welcome to EMT code.
We don't know what it stands for either.
Remember, it's $5 for medicine, $10 for bandages.
When they ask if they need to be intubated, that's $15.
Don't forget to give them the menu.
And if you sell 10 bandages, you get a bonus.
Don't forget to wear your hairnet while doing EMT.
And always smile.
Smile, no matter what's happening.
I'm giving you a promotion.
Now you're Captain EMT.
You get to drive the big van.
And could you drop off my dry cleaning while you're out?
I'm gonna tell you guys my smart thing I was gonna say.
Oh, the EMT van's driving by.
Does anybody need a bandage or medicine?
Do you have any inhalers?
Sorry, kid, just sold my last one.
We are plumb out of inhalers.
They go fast, man.
It'd be better than our current medical system.
Am I right, fellas?
Wow.
Wow.
Wow, Dennis Miller.
Wow.
Anyway, should I do a Yahoo?
Yeah, just make it, I think Travis actually, ugh.
I don't like the way this feels in my mouth,
but I think Travis had the best solution.
Just enlist him in the process.
That's very good.
I don't think that was my solution.
I think that was mine, but that's fine.
I guess here's a Yahoo that was sent in by several people.
It is a Yahoo Answers username, DJ Donnelly, who does ask.
And I don't know if it's DJ short for like, you know, Danny Jean,
or if they grind it out on the ones and twos,
but DJ Donnelly does say,
how to live to 75 by eating nothing but cakes and milk.
This one is cool because I like that they are targeting 75.
Yeah, 75 feels like, listen, I only want to eat cakes and milk,
and I want to stretch this.
I want to ride that train as long as it will take me.
I do not think it will get me past 75.
Yeah, they're not shooting the moon.
75 is best case scenario.
There are no 80 year olds eating just cakes and milk out there.
Now, I like too that they are not asking if it is possible.
They are saying, how do I do it, right?
It's not like, has anyone done this?
No.
Someone's done it.
Someone has to have done it.
Now, this has introduced via a train of thought,
has pulled into a station to tie this back to an earlier question.
How do y'all feel about carrot cake?
It kicks ass.
Because it's got the carrots in there.
So that's like a vegetable cake.
Justin, what are you doing?
Nothing.
Thinking.
Just thinking about it.
Think out loud.
Okay.
Well, it kind of depends on the kind of ca-
I just wanted to say something good and useful here,
but it does-
Cake is a very open-ended word.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So there's like healthy cakes.
But is that healthy or healthier?
Everything's healthy in moderation, Travis.
It's what I keep telling you.
That's why I have all these dealer meal cards spread out everywhere.
It's called Dealer Cake.
It's this new program.
You have like a breakfast cake, probably coffee cake, right?
And then you have a sumptuous evening cake, like a crab cake.
And for lunch, there's urinal cakes.
Oh, nope.
No, no, no.
What does that do?
What's that do for your health, Justin?
Tell me now.
That- I was just a different kind-
I was trying to come up with different kinds of cake.
You two have made me hate this question.
And now I'll do a different one.
Healthy milks too.
Hemp milk.
Milk that gets you high.
Nice.
Now I'm back in.
Oh, we talking about hemp milk.
I'm back in.
You know me, I'm a major weed head these days.
And I won't touch nothing if it hasn't been wrung out of some hemp.
Should I do a Yahoo?
Do you think we've earned the right to go give some money from this episode?
I think I want to get some money from this episode.
All right, guys.
All right, guys, we promise we'll do it real quick.
You know what you should eat?
What's that, Trav?
You should eat Blue Apron.
It's like the cakes of boxed prepackaged pre-proportioned Beals.
Did you say Beals?
Beals of Jessica Beals.
It's a full crate of beetles delivered right to your home.
Blue Beetle Apron.
That's good.
That's dope because I'm Timon and Pumbaa.
Love them Juicy Bugs.
They love eating Juicy Bugs.
But no, they're not going to send you Juicy Bugs.
They probably don't want us saying that.
They're going to send you fresh quality non-bug ingredients delivered straight to your door.
And you can cook delicious, easy meals in the comfort of your home.
The premium recipes take it a step further and give you a truly unique experience.
It's like bringing the restaurant home.
Which restaurant?
You decide.
Even if there's-
What?
I have- I made one of these and it had a thing in it that I've never-
Like I was making food that I've never even heard of before.
It was amazing.
What?
Yes.
I'm going to embarrass myself if I say what it was because it-
People will probably be like, you never had that?
I have that all the time.
But it was like a potato thing.
I can't remember what it was called because it's like so great.
French fries?
What?
French fries?
No, it was-
Was it a sweet potato?
No, it was a potato rosti.
Or rosti, perhaps.
That sounds like you're talking about like a roasted potato,
but you're also like a really fucking cool surfer.
No, it's like a rosti.
Rosti.
Shut up.
You're coming with me to the potato rosti.
Shut up, bro.
This is taking too long.
I'm just saying that it's a rosti.
It's like a potato pancake.
It's good.
It's swish.
Swiss.
Fuck!
Blue Apron is the first-
Swish, Scott!
We going to the potato rosti swish, bro!
Anyway, find comfort in the kitchen with Blue Apron
and enjoy delicious home-cooked meals.
Visit blueapron.com to check out this week's menu.
That's blueapron.com.
Blue Apron, feed your soul.
Oh no, I don't understand you.
Well, you would.
If you had learned that language I just made up on babble.
See, I was babbling.
So I was hoping that that was-
No, I got that.
No, I've been doing babble,
which is a great way to learn a language
or even relearn a language.
If you had one back in high school
and you kind of lost it a little bit,
babble gets you sharpened up real quick.
I have really dug that it's more conversational
than a lot of other foreign language apps
that I've tried before.
And baby, I've tried them all.
You're having conversations-
Did you get so enthusiastic about that
that you uppercutted your microphone?
I can always tell when it happens.
No, there's a dragon punch.
It starts with conversations really early.
So it's not just vocabulary.
You're discussing things.
The words are organized by ideas and conversations
you might have rather than just vocab.
So it's a really cool, much easier way to learn a language.
And right now babble, B-A-B-B-E-L
is offering our listeners three months free
with the purchase of a three-month subscription
with promo code mybrother.
Go to babble.com and use promo code mybrother
on your three-month subscription.
That's B-A-B-B-E-L.com, promo code mybrother.
Babble, language for life.
Welcome.
Thank you.
These are real podcast listeners, not actors.
What do you look for in a podcast?
Reliability is big for me.
Power.
I'd say comfort.
What do you think of this?
That's Jordan Jesse Go.
Jordan Jesse Go?
They came out of the floor?
And down from the ceiling?
That can't be safe.
I'm upset.
Can we go now?
Soon.
Jordan Jesse Go, a real podcast.
Here's another question.
I have always wanted to hold a pigeon.
The city pigeons seem like such funky little docile guys,
and I'm curious to see if they would let me get close enough
to let me scoop one up in my hands.
However, my girlfriend does not think this is a good idea.
She's worried I'd get attacked
or contract some sort of disease from said bird.
Please either help me to convince her
that this is a safe plan
or talk me out of trying to snag a pigeon
next time I'm in a city.
That's from The Pigeon Pal.
I don't actually know.
You know what?
I actually have...
Let me make...
Who could possibly possess a level of expertise
about this exact subject?
Oh, I bet it's the pigeon lady from Home Alone 2.
Is it Brenda Fricker, Justin?
Do you have Brenda Fricker?
It's a lot of numbers.
That's too many numbers.
Still calling.
Still calling.
It's the MC Bat Commander,
the lead singer of the Aquabats.
Hold on, let me see if he's...
Wait, you're gonna use our one token?
Yeah, he gave me this token
to whenever we're in need,
and I feel like this is pretty dire.
Hello, this is the Bat Commander.
What can I do for you?
Hey, it's us.
We're using our token.
It's the McElroy Brothers.
You remember the token you gave us?
You said it for anything?
Sure, yeah.
Who is this again?
McElroy Brothers.
We did your show for free,
and you said that there'd be money,
but then there wasn't money,
and so instead you gave us this token
that does have Chuck E. Cheese on it.
How are you guys?
We're doing good.
Bat Commander, where are you at on pigeons?
Well, pigeons, pigeons.
I feel like pigeons are our friends.
Like many of the animals we are friends with,
pigeons are some of them.
Where do you sit on scooping up animals
in the line of duty protecting Earth?
Have you had occasion to scoop up animals?
What's your sort of track record on animal scooping?
Yeah, there has been a few times
where there has been some necessary scooping of animals,
you know, scooping them out of the street,
catching some baby chicks
before they get run over by a Stingray Corvette,
things like this, you know.
How often does that happen, the Stingray Corvette line?
You wouldn't believe how much baby chicks
are attracted to Stingray Corvettes.
They love those 70s muscle cars, yes.
You might say it's kind of a chick magnet.
There you go.
Oh my God.
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
Here's the deal with the pigeons.
Let's just level with this.
Let's just level with it.
Finally, let's cut through all the ball crap.
Human relationships are important.
His girlfriend is scared of the pigeons, okay?
Pigeon attacks are on the rise, it is true.
I mean, there's thousands of pigeons out there, ready?
I mean, and pigeons.
Right now, they're desperate to find anyone to attack.
They are so hungry.
Can you imagine how many french fries
they're not eating every day from street cafes?
Those potato chips and chickpeas off of salads
that they can't eat.
Pigeons are starved and they are pissed off.
That's right.
Pigeons are angry.
So I can feel her pain, but at the same time,
any man, woman, whatever, that feels the need
to scoop an animal needs to get that scoop off their chest.
If you know what I mean.
Get that scoop right off your chest.
But it feels like there could be like an oils on the hands.
You know how you're not supposed to touch stalactites
or stalagmites when you're in a cave system
because your oils will forever leave an imprint.
Right, I've heard that, I've heard that.
Yeah, if the oils on my hands somehow like
coat the pigeon's wings in some sort of anti-flying juice.
That's true.
Is that a concern?
You know, pigeons are remarkable, remarkable animals
and we have to respect them and get our oils on them, right?
Essential oils, human oils, whatever it may be.
Olive oils.
Essential worker oils, all of those things.
But here's the thing.
Pigeons are the ancestors of our phones.
Let's face it, guys.
I mean, right?
Pigeons are caveman phones, right?
Tape messages to pigeons and they fly and deliver messages.
So we have to respect the pigeons
and that's why they live in the cities.
That's why we give the pigeons the licenses
to live where they do, right?
Maybe instead of just staring down at your phone all day,
like all of us are doing, like Banksy said,
in that one piece of art,
maybe look at the pigeons because they were phones
and we used to just stare at pigeons
and I would love to go back to that.
Let's go back.
Let's go back.
I tried to use a pigeon as a cell phone once,
but the only game that would work on it was Angry Bird.
That's two!
It's just fucking full of them, man.
Incredible!
That was really good.
Hey, we were on the Aquabats show
and I'm assuming that's available on YouTube now
as people are listening to this.
Yes.
Yes, that's right.
It came out.
The Shrinky Bats episode of the Aquabats Super Show
just came out and you guys are so fine in it.
You're great.
Your acting skills,
the pigeons that surrounded the hot dog cart,
that Justin was soliciting people's businesses,
the essential business of selling hot dogs
to people on the street.
It's fantastic.
Watching and enjoying that episode,
I don't think anyone will appreciate
the amount of discomfort that was involved
with the shooting of this.
It was cold, it was blustery,
and I had to pee so bad that I thought my brain was gonna melt.
You really sacrificed for your art.
Thank you.
Yeah, and there was no porta-potties,
there was no honey wagons, as we say in Hollywood.
There was just, you know, there was the street corner.
There was a lot of fun looks.
People were like, what are you guys doing?
Imagine how I feel.
I have a fake mustache all the time.
What?
It's fake?
It's a real mustache.
It's just not real hair, if that makes sense.
Oh, cool.
That's a perfectly sensible distinction.
MC Bat Commander, thank you so much for joining us.
Yeah, you guys are on the episode
that just came out and we have a new record coming out
called Kooky Spooky in Stereo, June 20th.
So look for that, look for that, you guys.
It's gonna be great.
Or listen for that.
What's the advice that we're gonna land on with Pigeon Pal?
I feel like you have given every bit of advice on the spectrum
from respect the pigeons to pick them up
and get the scoop off your chest.
I feel like the question asker, Pigeon Pal,
can really just kind of choose their own adventure
as far as that goes.
They could just sort of go with whatever advice suits them.
Thanks, MC Bat Commander, we're even now.
We're square.
Well, I still owe you lunch.
So, and a port-a-potty and a hot dog.
Hopefully not all at once.
That would be an uncomfortable afternoon.
It could be fun, could be fun.
Hey, I got a Yahoo here that was also sent in.
Okay, that was also sent in by several people.
So that's why Yahoo answers user Negotiator who asked,
I think we've done a Negotiator one recently.
Wow, they're big in the scene right now.
They ask, is it possible to discover new large birds still today?
Huh, yeah, sure.
I know that Justin's sort of the bird head among us
because he's seen, well, you've seen most of them,
if not all of them.
And you're always talking about that.
I was very excited about that.
But I guess my question is like,
we got satellites in the sky.
Yeah.
Let's start there.
Are they spreading, are they spreading the coronavirus?
Oh, no one's quite sure about that.
But we got these satellites in the sky
that are definitely spreading coronavirus,
but they're also, they have taken pictures
of every square inch of this planet.
And so we've seen all the land that there is.
You're not gonna, you discover a new island.
You know what I mean?
But what about a large, like a new large bird?
Well, the thing is, it's like,
like this is assuming that all birds look like birds, right?
That you'd see a picture of like, that's a bird.
But what if a bird looked like a bush, right?
And you're like taking a satellite picture
and you're like, that's just a bush.
No, no.
Oh, cool.
That's a bird.
Maybe something weird like this whole time
camels have been birds.
Ooh.
Like we just didn't put it together
because they just don't look in any way like birds
and don't have feathers and don't lay eggs
and don't do bird tricks.
Well, it'd be two birds, isn't it?
Each camel would be two birds.
If we had thought about it for like a fucking second,
we would have realized that all camels are two birds.
And you know what?
Maybe there's just a big bird
that we've all been seeing a lot,
but like taking for granted, right?
Like there is, it's a new species of bird
and we've all seen a bunch of them
and everyone thought definitely someone
like categorized that bird, right?
Catalog that bird, right?
Right, but we've just been taking for granted
that everyone knows that bird, right?
I could have seen, that's a great point, Charles.
I could have seen a new bird many, many times
and it would not have crossed my mind to think like,
hey, I don't know what that one is.
Maybe that means it hasn't been discovered yet.
I thought that whilst on the JoCo cruise last year,
you know, we'd sail past a tiny spit of land
and your thought is like,
definitely someone owes that land,
but what if they don't?
What if I was the first person to see that
and it's full of weird big birds
that I could be riding on or talking to?
And that's the fucking dream, isn't it, man?
Don't get me started.
Just saying.
There's probably a fucking diesel ostrich out there
that I could choke a bow, right?
There's probably like a fucking jacked ostrich
that I could just fucking mount
and ride across the countryside.
I understood what you meant,
but it also sounded like a fun way of saying
you wanted to choke an ostrich.
I mean, if that's part of the-
It's a lot of neck to not want to choke it,
is what I'm saying.
No, we've talked about this for sure.
We've definitely talked about this,
I think maybe in the context of geese,
but ostrich, that ball still plays.
And if the choking is part of this sort of riding process,
then that is a price I'm willing for the ostrich to pay.
I'm just saying that show me eight birds right now
and say which of these isn't cataloged.
I got no fucking clue.
I could go one day without Travis demanding
to see a picture of eight birds.
I'm saying, why has no one shown me these eight birds?
I don't feel like, if eight birds exist,
where's the proof, you know?
Where's the proof?
Wait, you're saying eight birds?
You're saying there's fewer than eight birds?
No, I'm just saying if there's more than eight birds,
I haven't seen them.
I yesterday had a cardinal outside my front door.
That's what?
That.
No, listen.
Okay.
I will list all the birds I've seen.
No, this cardinal would fly in front of my glass door,
kind of poke it with its beak,
and then fly off to the side.
And then 20 seconds later, it would fly back over
and be like, hey, what's going on?
Hey, can I come in?
This is weird.
Okay.
And then fly back off to the side.
This bird did this for 10 minutes.
Guys, I've never seen anything like it,
and I'm not a superstitious person,
but I thought it had to be important for something,
an omen of something.
And I don't know what it meant,
but this cardinal just looked in the door for 10 minutes.
Why was it doing that?
Now, was there a point in there, Justin,
where you thought maybe this bird wants me to follow it?
Okay, that's one option,
that it knew where some sort of treasure or cool plant was.
Okay, according to the very cursory Google search,
apparently there's a lot of symbolism
attached to red cardinal sightings.
The Choctaw people believe that the cardinal's
an omen regarding relationships.
If you're single, it could mean
that your status is about to change.
If your relationship is in trouble,
the cardinal may be a warning that things need to change.
I'm not saying that your relationship
with Sidney is in trouble.
Things are good on that front.
But if you did walk up to her and you're like,
babe, I got a split, saw a badass cardinal outside,
got a split, you know what that means?
No, but at one point Sidney's mom told us
that it was an omen of pregnancy
and my hand turned into a hatchet like T2
and I just chopped the thing in half.
Oh.
So without even thinking about it,
it was insatiable, people.
It was just instinct.
Yeah, there's a lot of us talking about
hurting birds in this episode.
Well, what are they, that's what they deserve.
No, I'm not, I don't mean that.
But it's like, hurtin' birds.
No Justin, I know when you're,
I know when you're being serious
and I know that your hand turned into a hatchet
and you killed a bird with it
and that's fucked up, dude.
I know your joking voice
and I know your serious voice
and that was your serious voice.
Be better, Justin.
I don't condone bullying.
No, only against birds, right?
That's not applicable to this thing.
You can't just say a good thing
to counterbalance the fact that you killed a bird
with your mercury shifting hand.
I'm currently dealing with a dilemma.
Is it okay to vape while in a Zoom class?
Can I get in trouble?
It's not like the professor can get mad at me about it
because I'm doing it in my bedroom
but it still feels like there's something morally wrong
about whipping the jewel out on camera in front of everyone
and if it is okay, how do I go about it?
Should I try to be subtle
or just act like I know what I'm doing?
Am I overthinking this, vape shy in Vermont?
I love that those are the two options.
Should I be subtle or just act like I know what I'm doing?
I'm going to vape.
I will vape.
I will vape.
I might chief it and blow it back into my polo
but I will vape.
It is gonna happen.
Here's a subtle way you could do it.
You could take a bit, wrap it in your fist, right?
So it just looks like you're thinking
and then act like you're taking a drink of water
out of a glass and blow the smoke into there
so it blows out the sides
and then just look at the glass horrified
and then begin to change into a monster.
Okay.
Every day I pray, I wake up and I pray
that it'll be the day I'll see someone vaping through a mask
and I haven't seen it yet.
I just pray to the sweet, sweet Lord above
that one of these days I'm gonna see it
and I drive by the Walmart
just assuming that'll be the spot if I'm gonna see it
but I haven't seen it yet
but I'm still holding out hope.
And you know, the irony is if they remade the movie The Mask today
he would definitely vape.
He would definitely vape.
Vaping.
And then he would say that instead of smoking.
I hate that I had to explain.
I hate that I had to fucking explain that joke
to you two assholes.
V-A-P-E-Y.
I wish they would make another mask today.
I would love that.
That would make me so happy.
Today?
Right now?
Yeah, he can't get close to anybody.
They should remake The Mask shot for shot
but nobody can get within six,
no character can be within six feet of any other character.
He has no respect for social mores
but lots of respect for social distancing.
That's fucking great.
Jim Carrey plays this like nerdy banker
and Cameron Diaz rolls up
and stands six feet away from the desk
as she does her bank business
and he's like, boy, I sure would like to kiss pretty Cameron Diaz
but I can't because of social distancing.
Then he puts on this mask and he's like,
I'm gonna get within six feet of ya.
And you're like, dude, that's too crazy mask.
Somebody stop me.
Not physically.
We're not gonna take risks.
Nobody touch me.
That'd be badass.
P-A-R-T, why?
Because I'm lonely.
Zoom.
Zoom suit riot.
Oh boy.
All right.
Boy, I need to go watch The Mask.
It's an extreme, extremely powerful desire right now.
I'll watch, I'll settle for Son of the Mask, baby.
I don't give a shit.
Like honestly though, don't fuck around with that.
Don't joke about watching Son of Mask
because it's got some scenes in there.
It goes places.
It goes places.
There's an extended urination scene.
There's an extended urination scene.
There's this scene and it's,
I just double checked the length.
On YouTube, it's four and a half minutes long
and it's just the Mask lip syncing to too good to be true.
You're just too good to be true, right?
But he does like a rap version and a country western version
and it is absolutely horrific.
Why did they give the Jamie Kennedy mask hair?
That's all I wanted to say.
And we'll put it to bed there.
I cannot believe how little we talked about this incredibly pure
and beautiful question of how to secretly vape in Zoom calls.
I cannot believe we didn't.
Cause you can't just keep turning your video off
every time you want to rip it.
Cause everyone's gonna,
I feel very, very self-conscious
anytime I have to turn the video off on my thing
because I think people are gonna assume
that I'm fucking cranking a jewel up.
That is what I assume when you do it.
Can you keep pretending to drop things?
Just have a pin on the side of your desk that you keep-
Ah, fuck!
This damn pin again!
Can you pretend like you're on fire?
Maybe your garbage can is on fire
and you keep dipping down like to check in on it.
Like I figured out at this time, guys,
and then there's more smoke.
Can you sit down when the class starts
and have a like a Walgreens prescription bag
that you pull your vape rig out of
and then you can rip it, no questions asked.
If somebody's like, what are you doing?
You'd be like, did you see the prescription bag?
My doctor said I need to.
This is medicine.
And also I should remind you
the safest option is to quit vaping now.
There might be,
we're starting to see some research emerge
about connection between coronavirus
being more severe in people who vape.
So I do want to just put this disclaimer on here
that although we don't really understand
the dangers of vaping,
it's probably best that you stop vaping.
Also, it's just not cool anymore.
No, that's the problem.
It's as cool as it's ever been.
It's still fucking cool.
Now listen, if you don't do Juul
and you do your own rig with your own oils in there,
it's probably fine.
No, actually that's what Griffin has just said
is inaccurate.
Listen, if you're doing it from a big business like Juul,
your health is gonna be affected.
But with your own extremely powerful unregulated rig.
Don't let the government regulate your omes.
You are in control of your own omes.
And if you make the fluid at home,
you know what's going.
If you empty out your sister's fog machine
and dump some apple juice in there
and just go to town vaping it.
I'm not saying you're definitely in the clear,
but you're probably fine.
It's probably fine.
It's organic at least.
It's at least organic.
Organic means things you make yourself, right?
It's organic basically.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We've got some new stickers over at McElroyMerch.com.
Not for sale, Justin's just bragging
about some bad ass stickers we bought.
It's got Squidward.
Here's fucking Lightning McQueen.
I got one, it's Calvin and he's pissing on the coronavirus.
It's Calvin pissing on a smaller Calvin.
It's so cool.
That one's pissing, you get the idea.
But that's at McElroyMerch.com.
I traded some Heathcliff the cat stickers
for some Beyblade stickers.
So that's a major glow up.
I also want to, if you are looking for some,
I don't know, fun video content,
you can check out the McElroy YouTube,
the McElroy Family YouTube page.
We've got a lot of fun stuff over there.
I think it's real good.
There's Monster Factory.
You sound like a fucking cop.
You say that every time.
Maybe I am.
If you're one of those cool teens
that likes to skateboard and vape drugs,
we have a cool channel for you to watch.
Also, thanks to John Roderick
and the Longwintish for the use of our theme song.
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
Find that in fine music retailers digitally everywhere.
Oh, I'm this Thursday, the 14th, I believe.
Yes, I'm going to be doing a live stream event
with Janet Varney,
where we're just gonna be funny for a while.
And it's not to like raise money for anything
or anything like that.
It's just a fun time of me and Janet Varney hanging out.
May 14th, 9 p.m. Eastern time, 6 p.m. Pacific time,
bit.ly slash McVarney, M-C-V-A-R-N-E-Y.
Come watch it and have a good time.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Check out all the great shows there,
like Stop Podcasting Yourself, Switchblade Sisters,
and so many more all at MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want that final?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, here it comes.
It's the final Yahoo answer.
It was again sent in by many, many people.
Thank you.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Drew, who asks,
is it safe to flush grapes down the toilet?
I need to get rid of them somehow.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Let's go wear on the lips.
And a fantastic vision of the distant future.
Featuring Martin Starr.
So we're going on day 14.
Shuttle still hasn't come.
Aparna Nancherla.
The security system provides you with emotional security.
You do the rest.
Echo Kellum.
Can you disconnect me or not?
Hari Kondabolu.
I'm staying.
From Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Jeffrey McGiver.
Could you play Cyndi Lauper's Girls Just Want to Have Fun?
It's The Outer Reach.
Stories from Beyond.
Now available for free at MaximumFun.org or anywhere you listen.
