The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis Sherman McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
And boys, here we are. A lot of folks said we wouldn't make it to 340,
but here we are. This is it now, isn't it?
Who said that?
Looks like we made it.
The haters and the critics and the critic cartoon with John Lovitz.
I had an idea because we've been going at this for 340 episodes.
We've been doing this for 19 years. Y'all think you can fight me? Fight these tiers?
No, you can't because we've been going for so long,
and the main criticism we've been getting from the critic cartoon
is that it's just so stale, just extremely stale.
Yeah, a lot of people have said it's stale now.
They said it's crusty. They said it's got crust.
They said it's like year-old wheat thins. I said I'd still fuck with year-old wheat thins.
They're still wheat thins, like, hello.
Especially if they're one of those rosemary and olive oil kind of things.
Flavor blasted ones, absolutely, Travis. Pizza blasted wheat thins, yes.
So, I had a sort of... I like Triscuits better.
Whoa. Well, now this is a whole thing.
Whoa. Triscuits are like a single use case food stuff.
Triscuits are a better cheese conveyance than wheat thins.
Well, yeah, just because there's more area upon which for the...
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Justin, did you just say you don't fuck with cheese?
I don't fuck with cheese on cracker. I like raw cheese. I don't fuck with that.
You know that. You know that about me. I don't fuck with raw cheese.
I didn't know that.
I don't fuck with raw cheese.
So, wait, it's got to be grilled or no? That's it? That's the only sort of...
No, it's got to be melted. I don't like the texture of raw cheese.
I like cooked cheese. Pizza, yes. Grilled cheese, yes.
I got you a fucking fondue set for Christmas once.
I did not know I was getting you essentially a mandatory cheese like conversion device.
Right. That's exciting.
That fondue set is the Ellis Island of my cheese.
You have to come here first and get it in the Great American melting pot.
Give me your tired. I'm hungry. Yeah.
Literally.
Okay, so listen fuckos.
Okay.
340 is so stale. People hate it.
People like old cheese.
Like old cheese.
And so I had an idea to mix up. It can be like a special episode.
Maybe we do it every 340. Next one is popping up with 680 here in 2024 or whatever.
And that my idea is just to change the structure of the show a little bit.
It's a very special episode.
You know how TV shows do special episodes sometimes where like
there was the Real Life Simpsons that one time.
And then there was the episode of Simpsons where you saw Homer's Dick
and everybody was so excited about it.
And like it was a TV guide like catch it Homer's Dick.
What's it going to be like? Weird? Probably.
It's going to be like that. It'll be our Homer's Dick episode.
And my idea for the structure, you guys ready for this?
I think it's quite clever.
Shows an hour long.
Okay.
What if we each have a 20 minute chunk of the podcast
where we can do our own thing and we can kind of dial out a little bit and step back
and just do what we want to do and just take a quick 20 minute break.
And I'll volunteer to take this first chunk because I think that's only fair.
And right now we're at four minutes.
So right now I have 16 minutes.
But during my 16 minute break I can get some things done that I can't get done
because my baby has stopped sleeping like he's in a fucking Nightmare on Elm Street movie.
And I can just like go cut my nails.
You can take care of your dream warrior baby.
I can take care of my dream warrior baby.
Or I can take care of my me and sleep on the rug of my office.
Let me tell you why this is an amazing idea, Griffin.
Well, hold on.
I want to tell everybody else I want to do.
And that's I'll wake up with like 90 seconds left and cut my nails
because I've been meaning to do it for like a week and a half.
And I haven't been able to cut my nails for a week and a half.
So dad lie hashtag dad life.
I love this because it's like Arrested Development sort of take on it.
Like we'll never get all the original guys in the same room again.
So this is like a spin off episode.
Not only that, but the most commonly heard feedback we get is
I can't tell the difference between your voices.
So like if we don't announce it,
I think we could go long chunks of the show without talking.
And I don't think if we just occasionally said like and I'm Justin
and like whoever says it, it doesn't really matter.
People will be like, yeah, this tracks.
I think that was all three of them.
And the chemistry between the three of us is excellent, right?
That it is the it's the witch's cauldron in which our comedy magic is mixed up
and we cast our spell like the fucking Sanderson sisters.
But what about the individual one on one stuff?
We don't get that anymore.
So I'm going to go to fucking sleep on the floor of my office without a pillow
or blanket or anything and I'm going to cut my nails
and we'll see what like you guys have what you guys are bringing to the table.
And then and then I'll come back.
We'll do me and Travis and me and Justin.
This is going to be weird when we hit where Yahoo answers would normally go.
Or we just won't have it there.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, fucking shit.
You're right.
I wouldn't trust you guys to to get the Yahoo's going.
I would trust you guys to do sad libs.
I think it would handle it with dignity and aplomb.
A dog could do sad libs, Travis.
The work that you do could be easily recreated by a dog.
How awesome would that be?
It would be good, though.
I might have to work that out.
That is a dog's purpose.
To do.
Oh, listen to that.
Listen, we got a volunteer doing it.
I love that.
Well, she just said boner.
Oh, I love it.
So that's a good one.
These are better than mine.
Oh, no.
Yeah, these are really good.
I do enjoy how much of Griffin's time we've used up with this prattling on.
Yeah, I'm actually starting to feel because I was fine when it was like four minutes,
but now it's like almost seven.
And I could do so much stuff in the seven minutes that I no longer have anymore.
I could go to heaven.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I love that.
Do a little closet kissing.
Or I could just cut my fucking nails for once
because it's getting pretty Guinness Book of World Records over here, folks.
It's rough stuff.
Just as a test from the last time you heard me talk,
I just got up and left my microphone and just ran away.
I kept my headphones on so I could hear you guys,
but I was in the other room.
I was just enjoying the moment.
I don't want folks to get mad at us either and say like,
you guys aren't taking this seriously.
I did, this shows my everything.
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me right now?
But I will just leave to go take a nap.
I will take, yeah.
All right, well, I'll start by carrying the load.
Griffin, you obviously can't sleep now because you've only got 13 minutes, almost 12 minutes.
You're right, I'll sacrifice, I'll sacrifice my block.
Okay, great.
I don't think we're gonna do your idea,
but I would like to read a question if you guys are ready.
Oh, all right.
Okay, just I want you to know that I'm going to spread my 20 minutes throughout the show.
So if there's like a 30 second chunk where you're like,
Travis hasn't said anything for a while, that's my time.
Okay, so just your usual-
Just the usual thing.
Sort of way.
I'm probably gonna zone out and like check my Twitter replies
to see what people have said about me and-
Hey, what's the sound?
What's that?
Really?
Really?
I want a munch!
Munch!
Squad!
I want to munch!
Squad!
Here's the thing about the Munch Squad, Justin, especially when you lead with it.
I put about three to four hours of work into putting together a question list
and then we lead off with a Munch Squad and it just, it just-
I have told you so many fucking times, just save the ones we don't use.
You never do it.
But those are old, they get stale like old cheese, Justin.
They're evergreen, Travis.
Just recycle them if we don't use them.
I've told you this a thousand times.
Well, we just keep getting these topical problems.
Shut up.
If we-
That's ridiculous.
At the rate, at the rate we-
Travis puts together a list of like 14 questions
and then we answer three during the show.
If we reused ones from the back catalog, we would be answering questions today like,
I'm sad that Friends is ending.
Yeah, I know everybody has-
Everybody in America has probably felt a vibe this week of like,
things are really good and I wonder if you're-
That's weird.
For me, it was opposite.
No, I'm pretty sure everybody in America has felt this way
and you haven't exactly known why, but this is about osmosis.
It's about fluid intelligence.
It's something about awareness that we all share
and that awareness is that finally, after months of being denied it,
finally Taco Bell has dropped it on us.
That's right.
The naked chicken chalupa is in stores nationwide as of Jan 26th.
There-
Here's the subhead of the press release.
Well, explain what the-
The subhead of the press release explains it.
The shell is the chicken.
The chicken is the shell.
When you eat a sandwich and you eat a taco,
you are participating in an unspoken social agreement
that there are parts of your food
you're allowed to touch with your bare grubby, nasty naked hands.
Correct.
And it's the carbohydrate parts of the food experience.
You can touch it right on the carbs.
That's fine.
And you can eat where you touched it on the carbs and that's fine
because we all agree that that's okay.
That's okay. This and its bastard brother, the Double Down,
is such a perversion of that rule
because that's the part of the food that is not good to touch.
Not pleasant.
It's not good to touch.
That's not good to-
No, it feels pleasant.
I'm sure it feels pleasant or whatever,
but that's not the touching part of the food.
It's not the carbohydrate.
Quick sidebar before we talk about this.
I'm sorry that this podcast is like it is sometimes.
Quick sidebar.
When you guys are driving and your wife is in the passenger seat
and you're on a road trip and you stop for food on the way,
Sydney had this thing where she would unwrap the food halfway
so I could hold it in a wrapper while I ate the food.
And after 10 years, I finally told her,
that's insane.
I just need to hold the sandwich like just the whole thing.
Do you guys run into this issue and where do you stand on it?
As long as we're talking about touching food.
My problem is that if I do that,
I will be very cognizant of the fact that I don't want to eat the wrapper
and seem like some sort of comedy fat man.
There's nothing worse than like pulling away
and seeing a bite mark into the paper.
In their paper, but I already swallowed it and it was like,
damn, that checkers paper though, it's got like a spice to it.
That's the problem right there.
Give me some flavored edible paper.
You see people like that on My Strange Addiction all the time.
You know, people don't eat their mattresses.
The first bite is always by accident.
My Strange Addiction, the original Munch Squad.
I want a Munch a mattress.
Justin, to answer your question,
if I am traveling, my food of choice is always
and will always be the Dairy Queen chicken strip basket
with a gravy and toast within it.
Are you fucking kidding me that when you're operating a motor vehicle,
your food of choice is a dippable?
It's a dippable?
I will drive 40 to 50 miles out of my way
to find a Dairy Queen if I'm on the road.
Yeah.
But it's a dippable?
But it's also got gravy in it, Justin.
How often do you find gravy in a fast food experience?
If you're eating fast food while you're driving,
you have to let go of the fact that you will not have,
like I'm living ketchup free on this one.
This one's a ketchup free-mish
because I can't be dipping while I'm driving.
Anyway, unless you've practiced it a bajillion times, which I have.
All right.
Did we ever tell the story of when we were doing
the Pacific Northwest shows in Portland, Seattle, and Vancouver,
and it was Riley's birthday and she was with us,
and so you stopped at a DQ and we got her ice cream cake
that was hard as cinder block and we ate a micrometer of it,
and then Travis tried to give the cake back to the people at the register
as if to say, you can hand out free slices to folks if you want,
and then I think we just sort of set it on top of the garbage can
and got back on that lonely road.
Happy birthday, Riley.
I do want to note, I wasn't trying to get a refund
for the unused portion of the cake.
No, Travis went up there and said,
you guys sell ice cream here, huh?
How about you give this ice cream away for free?
And they said, no.
And he said, well, we'll throw it away if not.
And they said, welcome to DQ.
We don't care where the ice cream ends up as long as it's not here.
So the naked chalupa is the question on everybody's mind.
The naked chicken chalupa.
Taco Bell is coming unshelled with its latest food innovation.
It's coming unspooled.
It's becoming unraveled.
Coming in the form of the first taco shell made entirely
of marinated all white crispy chicken as if history has its eyes
on Taco Bell.
First we won the space race, and now we've won the taco shell,
but it's chicken race.
No, that means you lost the Earth race
if you made a chicken shell.
That's what I have to say about it.
What does Marisa Thalberg, chief marketing officer at Taco Bell Corp,
have to say?
Well, she has to say this.
Something that is delicious yet different
is bound to ruffle some feathers.
Some might even cluck their tongues at it.
However, fuck this is funny, however, we feel confident
that once our fans get a taste of the naked chicken chalupa,
they're going to understand exactly why this is our next big fun
and craveable innovation.
Following the footsteps of the Doritos Locos taco five years ago
and the queso lupa.
Oh my god, the slow march of time.
It is a nightmare.
You could tell they kind of fail it though, right?
Like, listen, we need another hit.
We need a hit so bad.
We need a hit.
It's been five years since the taco, taco loco, taco Dorito taco.
The shell, what's the shell?
Well, it's four ounces of marinated all white meat,
antibiotic free chicken,
kicked up with bold Mexican spices and seasoning
and it's packed with fresh.
Now, they described the chicken there.
The clause that is missing from that sentence, of course,
is that has been bent into a fucking taco shell.
Into a ghoulish smile.
Also, there's diced ripe tomatoes,
cheddar cheese and creamy avocado ranch.
Justin, can I tell you why I am just the most fucking pissed off
at this press release?
Jeez.
Why are you so angry?
In the first sentence, they chicken pun twice.
Yeah.
And then they sort of drop the cookie.
And then nothing.
Yeah.
I'm in the desert right now looking for a good chicken pun oasis,
but there is none.
I do want to just point something out very quickly.
Please do this.
On the antibiotic free section, there's an asterisk.
Horrifyingly, there's an asterisk.
And if we scroll down the end of the press release,
it says antibiotic chicken in this case means chicken raised
without antibiotics important to human medicine.
Okay.
So, okay.
All right.
So, what you mean-
This chicken does not have rubella.
Good, good.
So it doesn't have-
We can give this chicken penicillin.
Don't you worry.
Okay, great.
But other ones, yeah.
But it's antibiotic free.
You got it.
Eat your chicken, tubby.
And you're going to have to enjoy it on a wing and a prayer.
If this is the last episode of our show,
there's not a Bim Bam 341.
I want everybody to know it is because I have walked into the taco bell
that is around the corner from my house.
And I did have a bomb strapped to my chest.
And I did demand that they make me a Doritos Locos chicken chalupa mistake taco.
If you think that isn't fucking common, you don't know these motherfuckers.
Can you blast it and then crunch wrap it?
Sir, I can't look at my chest.
Look at the device.
Crunch wrap and blast the chicken shell.
I have nothing left to live for.
I'm in a taco bell ordering food hacks.
Spray the chicken with Doritos dust.
And then wrap it in cinnamon sugar cap and crunch.
Wrap it!
Why are you having trouble with this?
That's a flavor that'll give them something to squawk about.
That would be good to demand it in a crunch wrap.
And they say, well, sir, to do that, we'd have to have a flat chicken piece.
Like, yeah, I know.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine flat chicken feeling peckish?
Stop it.
Travis, take your 20 minutes.
This is something to crow about.
It's in there.
I haven't.
Yeah, that's right.
We use all natural antibiotic free crows.
Not like a rooster crows.
Do you want a bite of this?
Yes, you coggledoodle do.
If antibiotic free means some antibiotics, then naked chicken chalupa
could certainly mean naked crows chalupa.
These are crows that spent some time with chickens like during spring break.
Hey, listen, I don't want to panic anybody.
Yeah, Reggie?
Reggie, I've been the lead food scientist here for how long?
About 10 years.
You've really been fucking it up.
Yeah, listen, yesterday I killed a crow.
And when I carved its breast meat from its bottom.
I carved the flesh.
I collected the bones for the ritual.
I collected the bones for the ritual.
I carved the breast meat.
Normally I would discard it.
And then I came upon a terrifying realization.
It was a perfect yield.
The breasts of the crow had formed a taco shell.
This is a sign from the ancients.
Margaret, can you bread this shit?
Bread this for once and Margaret, we're going to need more crows.
You are thinking far too far outside of the bun.
You need to think a little bit closer to the bun.
You need to think a little bit closer to the bun.
You're as far from the bun as like you're on some like
Lovecraftian, like Miskatonic University.
That's how fucking far you are from the bun.
You need to leave the university
and move just like a few miles closer to the bun, please.
People forget that like outside the bun encompasses all existence
that is not contained within the bun.
There are no borders on being outside the bun.
Limits are what keeps society on rails, Taco Bell.
Get back near the bun, please.
Please keep the bun in eyesight.
Seventh or eighth meal shit at this point.
We're on the eighth meal.
Everything's topsy turvy.
Get back on the bun, Taco Bell.
I want Taco Bell needs to way over correct
and their next thing is like we made a hamburger.
We're sorry, we're sorry, we're sorry, we're sorry.
We're in the bun.
We're in the bun.
We're in the bun.
We're in the bun.
Let's just keep this fucking fast food train rolling real quick
because I have a really good Yahoo here from Brooks Oglesby.
Thank you.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Rebecca.
Altaba user, it's just going to take me a while.
Altaba user Rebecca says, asks, what is Wendy's policy when you're lost?
Is it true that if you go through the drive-through at Wendy's
and say you're lost, they have to give you a free cheeseburger?
What?
Hey, I don't know where I am.
And I thought I was supposed to be here, but I'm not.
So yes, sir, pull around.
You know the drill.
Get your free cheeseburger.
But not directions?
No.
No, no, no, no.
Well, look under the bun, Justin.
Where's I-10?
I'm trying to get on the 10.
Oh, good luck with that.
Here's your cheeseburger.
No charge.
Having a rough day, huh?
It can be scary being lost.
It can be scary being lost.
What if you're a little kid?
I can't find my parents.
Oh, shit.
Here you go.
I'm sorry about your folks.
You don't even have a car.
Do you have a phone right now?
Shit.
Can I use your phone?
No.
No.
Here's a burger.
Here's a burger, though.
We laugh, but can you, Justin and Griffin, can you tell me 100%
that Wendy's will not give you a free cheeseburger if you are lost?
That's what I'm saying.
I don't know.
Dave Thomas is a kind soul, probably.
I don't know.
I'm just saying.
I think Dave Thomas probably, if I remember this urban legend correctly,
Dave Thomas used to hand deliver the hamburger.
You would pull up and say you're lost.
There would be a beat and then your passenger door would open.
Hey, you having a little bit of trouble?
Like a Saint Bernard.
He would come find you and bring you back to the Wendy's.
Wrapped around his neck.
And you had to eat it off his neck.
You couldn't remove it from his neck.
He was a nasty, nasty old man.
Now the problem is that once Dave Thomas saved you,
you then owed him a life debt and you would have to come work at Wendy's
for a fair wage.
This was not taking advantage of people.
That was just how he hired people.
And that way you were never lost again
because you just knew you worked at Wendy's.
Now sometimes Dave Thomas would wear his neck burger on like a long chain.
So it just like sort of be greasy on his bare chest.
And so you'd be in there and you'd be like, I'm lost.
I'm trying to get on Research Highway.
But then Dave Thomas is there.
He's like, but now you're found.
And he just sort of puts his chest like on you.
I know where you're at, Dave.
I don't know where I am.
I know where you are.
You're home.
I know where you are.
I know where you're going to be.
You're home right now.
Wendy's?
That's right.
Shackle noise.
Now I'm actually doing gluten-free.
So can I get a cup of chili?
Oh, yeah.
Hold on.
Oh, why do we serve it so hot?
Quick, quick, quick, quick.
Uh, listen, I'm a good guy.
You're not going to want to eat the chili.
It's just cut up hamburgers that we couldn't sell.
You knew that, right?
Okay.
It's a cut up hamburgers and ketchup and we make it real hot.
I don't even, we don't even put beans in it.
I don't know how the fuck they get in there.
Where are these beans coming from?
We've discovered some sort of alchemy.
It turns salt packets.
They just turn into beans in the cauldron.
I think these kids will love this.
Did you know that there was no beans in Wendy's chili?
You just thought there were.
And it's one of those, like, reality distortion things.
Huh.
During a meeting at work yesterday afternoon, I noticed a tear.
Okay.
I thought it was tear, but that wouldn't make sense with the rest of the sentence.
I noticed a tear in the seat of co-worker's pants.
Somebody cried in my co-worker's butt.
A single tear in their pants.
It was vertical four or five inches long, but very narrow.
You could see his black underwear, but nothing revealing after the meeting.
I was going to see his balls or whatever.
No balls on this one.
After the meeting, I was going to tell him about it, but I decided not to.
So he wouldn't worry about it for the rest of the day.
I figured he would find it as soon as he got home and tell him about it.
Would only embarrass him when he couldn't do anything about it.
Am I good or sure?
I've mentioned it to him.
That's from Tom torn in the twin cities.
Or Tom.
Or Tom.
It looks like Tom on my screen.
Our end, man.
They trick you sometimes because it just looks like the M shape.
Can we lay down a blanket so we and then we can like just sort of wipe any future questions
like this just off this light and lay down a blanket like my friend had a booger or my
friend had some stuff in their TV or my friend, you know, and just say, like, always tell them
you always you may not want to hear it.
It may be challenging to hear it, but you need to fucking get your shit right.
And I don't know what this guy does except maybe he goes home.
Everybody's always, always, always, always, always, always looking for an excuse to take
a half day at work.
And this is this is this is decent justification for sure.
Always, always.
If I have shit in my teeth, tell me fucking tell me if I have a big just just snozzberry
in there, just tell me about it so I can go deal with my shit.
Also, like, I do things like there's things you can do in a context that often like let
him put a couple of safety pins in there or maybe some fucking masking tape, jacket around
his waist.
Yeah, yeah, tight jacket around the waist safety pins.
No matter what, it's going to be bringing back like a mid aughts hot topic look that
is really popping off again.
But I really like the question askers justification of like I didn't want him to worry about it
for the rest of the day.
So instead you let him get home and and realize that and think about like all the lunges he
did and all the times he stood in front of people without knowing it.
So now we can worry about it for the rest of his life.
What if but like the Bible says you should address the plank in your own eye before you
worry about the dust in your neighbor's eye.
What if you were like, hey, listen, you have a small tear in the back of your pants and
they spin around on you and you're like, you're not wearing pants.
You forgot pants today.
You have a two by four in your eye.
What?
What?
Oh, God.
And also you just discovered that you're back in high school because you never finished
that one class.
So you didn't really graduate and you have to take that math test again.
But you don't remember any of the math.
Well, why am I the only one who has that dream?
That's not a it's not a dream.
This was a real scenario.
Justin was addressing.
Yeah, I'm just trying to I'm trying to figure out what scenario you might find yourself
in where you're not wearing any pants and you didn't know it until someone said it.
It was just kind of a funny joke for our podcast, Trav.
Sorry you got so hung up.
No, I like it.
I like this, though.
I liked it.
That's Travis' pitch to a fun new game.
And that's what if these questions are dreams?
And it's an advice happening we've never really explored before, which is like, oh,
you dreamed this.
It didn't it didn't happen.
You dreamt it.
So you're fine.
That would be a good tack to take with your co-worker like, hey, these are tearing your
pants.
But before you get worried, none of this is real.
Kiss me.
Kiss me right now.
Hope your teeth are falling out.
Better hurry.
Eat that stapler.
It's marshmallows.
Justin, can you do the next question after this one?
Because I love it and I want to do it right now.
The one after it is great, too.
Travis really did a good job.
Yeah, it's too bad we're only going to get to do like one more of these because we spent
a lot of time talking about nasty chicken.
I work in an office with the rest of my company.
And at the end of the day, we exchanged pleasantries saying good night, have a good weekend, etc.
However, sometimes my brain interrupts these rote actions and tells me, blow them a kiss.
Hey, blow them a kiss.
I've never done it.
Thank God for impulse control.
But the fleeing thought springs into my head up to a couple of times a month.
How do I fight these thoughts down and make it go away?
Or should I embrace this freedom from standard and dive in?
That's from neurotic Newark.
Holy shit.
Is there a method?
Is there a way?
Is there a way to blow a kiss that is not childish?
Has anybody ever blown a kiss and been like, mm, cool?
Or like, mm, professional?
Or mm, adult sexy?
I think if you practice it well enough, you could do, like, blow a kiss into finger guns.
Like, mwah.
I just did it.
I just did it.
And I think if you just, like, kiss your hand and then, like, very, very slightly extend it,
you don't, like, create a fucking launch pad that you then boost your kiss off of.
Like, some sort of VTOL plane.
If you just, like, and then just sort of very lightly, don't even lay it flat.
Just, like, take it away from your face.
That's kind of a cool look.
Like, I'm doing, I know you can't see it.
But it does kind of look cool how I'm doing it.
Maybe you blow a kiss in your right hand.
And what's that in your left hand?
A dove.
Okay.
That's good.
Just direct.
I don't want you to have to have a bird.
I think the only context in which blowing a kiss is acceptable for a professional setting
is if your job is James Bond villain and you just put him in a trap that's supposed to kill him.
If you do that and you blow him a kiss, it's, like, very, that's very evil.
It's really cool.
Very taunting.
I love that.
But other than that, no.
Ever.
Oh.
I'm pretty sure.
Dang.
I feel like you didn't really think about it.
Okay.
Bond villain.
Killing James Bond.
For sure.
That one's definite.
Yeah.
Maybe if you just fired someone and you're a real jerk.
You'd be like, mm, mm, mm.
That's good.
I thought that's what you were going to say, but you said a real jerk.
Real jerk, but yeah, that's a good one.
That's a good one, too.
Or it could just be, like, your new thing.
I think it could be cute.
I don't know.
I mean, it would be a fucking zag, though, right?
I mean, it would be a zag and a half.
That's a zag and a half.
I like this idea of your brain is, like, this friend of yours who, like, always comes up
with suggestions and it's, like, well, you know what?
You could try blowing him a kiss.
And it's, like, no.
It's, like, maybe if just once you tried it, your friend would be, like, okay, thank you
for acknowledging my input.
I was wrong.
Or maybe it is the way to go.
Maybe your brain knows better.
Maybe your subconscious is, like, blow him a kiss.
You do it, and suddenly, like, ooh, I like Todd's new thing.
And what's that?
Suddenly, Todd's CEO.
Fucking a thousand years ago, fucking dark ages move in bam.
It was just the three of us sitting around a stick in a swamp.
And somebody was, like, I conducted mine self with mine serf and felt the extraordinary
urge to grasp his hand firmly and shake it violently.
Should I embrace this?
Neurotic and Newark.
And it's, like, that first person was just, like, give me that hand, sucker.
And he grabbed it and shook it.
It was, like, this is good.
I like it.
I like it.
I like this.
I don't see why this has to be any different from that.
Give me that little paw.
What are you doing?
Are we fighting?
No, we're not fighting, bud.
I want to go.
You can.
I'm going to let you go.
Hold on.
I'm going to let you go.
I'm just going to.
Hey, look, I feel like we just did business.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
It's because I grabbed you.
A bit of advice on this advice show.
What about the first time somebody did a fist bump?
Like, oh, god, he's going to punch me in the stomach.
No, no, no.
No, you don't understand.
Or a high five.
Are you going to smack me on top of the head?
No, friend.
No, no, friend.
A bit of advice.
If this is going to be a new thing,
if you're going to insert, you have to do it so you can't
acknowledge that you've just done a new thing.
You have to do it like, yeah, goodnight.
And then go back to your desk and let them soak it in
without you doing it and then kind of watching their reaction.
You can't acknowledge that this is a new thing you're trying.
This has to be a thing you've done a million times.
You don't even think about it anymore.
This is just your thing.
I found the way to describe the physical act of this kiss
blow that I'm talking about.
Like, the cool, confident kiss blow.
That's, again, just a very slight, like, just barely hand
away from it.
And imagine that you're Glenn Close and you've just met
an enthusiastic young fan.
And you're just like, you're walking out of the fucking club
where you've just been bumping it all night because you're
Glenn Close and you know how to tear shit up.
And you see a fan on the street and they're like,
Glenn, Glenn, you're so great.
I'm so glad that you're getting back on Broadway.
The kiss blow that she does in that moment of just, like,
she doesn't go through it all the way.
It's just, oh, and she takes her hand away from her face
just a little bit.
You're like, oh, Glenn, Glenn, you've got me.
That's sort of the style I'm talking about.
Griffin, Justin, I feel like we are missing a big component
here that we're not addressing.
Because we keep talking about the kiss.
I don't think that's the weird part.
I think it's the blowing.
It's the blowing.
That's what I'm talking about.
Omit, omit the blow.
Just kiss that hand and pull it away a little bit,
like Glenn would do.
But is that the same?
Does that still count as blowing a kiss?
That's just, mwah.
But it's not the, whew.
You know, does it still count as blowing a kiss if you are
just kissing without the correspondent?
Because then the kiss is just hanging in the air
an inch in front of you until you blow it at them.
There is a terrible risk that I had not calculated
until this exact moment.
If you're in a professional setting and you kiss your hand
and then you blow the kiss over to the other person,
if they catch that kiss and put it on their cheek,
they have just power played you so fucking bad
that you're probably going to have to like quit
and give them your job and sign over the business to them
or something, depending on what your responsibilities are.
But you will never get the metaphorical ball back
in that relationship.
You're going to have to butterfly kiss them
if that happens.
Yeah, that's your only option.
Or what if they put it on their mouth?
You're fired.
You've been fired at that point.
You've been fired from your job.
Hey guys, I just really quick, because I do think
we should go to the money zone.
But I did just Google Glenn Close
and I'm looking at her Wikipedia page.
First of all, she's 69 years old.
Nice.
And on her Wikipedia page is,
and I'm not making this up,
there's like in that little sidebar,
it's like Glenn Close at the Albert Nobbs premiere in 2012.
She looks amazing.
Tells me all about her alma mater,
her many spouses, her kid that she has, her parents.
And then right under that is,
and you can Google this if you don't believe me,
just a picture of her signature.
So I think I'm going to probably steal her identity, I guess.
Yeah.
Hi, I'm Glenn Close now.
Catch me if you can.
I'm Glenn Far.
Catch you if you can, Tom Hanks.
Because I'm Glenn Close now, motherfucker.
The name of this show could be changed to,
finally, to My Brother, My Brother, and Glenn.
Or Miss Close.
I mean, you'll make us call you Glenn Close.
Yeah, 30 under 30 media luminary.
Glenn Close.
Glenn Close.
All right, let's go to the money zone.
Let's go to the money zone, I'm done.
Hey, can I tell you guys about Nature Box?
Hell yeah.
I wish you would.
Because I'm on that bad, bad baby sleep schedule,
and now I snack to survive.
Every, like, I eat those Big Island Pineapple,
like they are fucking rings from Sonic the Hedgehog,
and they are actually keeping me alive.
It is a wonderful service where you go to naturebox.com
and you pick the snacks that you want off their list,
and then they just show up in a little,
basically what is essentially a treasure chest
that is sent to your house.
These snacks taste great and they're better for you.
They're made with high quality ingredients
that are free from artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners,
so you can feel great about snacking.
Um, like I said, Big Island Pineapple, pretty rad.
They got whole wheat raspberry figgy bars, love those.
Salt and pepper pop pops.
Do you know what I would do if I were in Nature Box?
I think I would release, like, a companion snack
called, like, Small Island Pineapple.
Oh, that's fun.
And it's like, you eat them together,
and, like, one makes you big and one makes you tiny.
Oh, so it's magic.
Sorry, Justin, no.
Travis just floated magic food.
Okay, I mean, that would be a good thing for them to sell.
Justin, you and I need to be more careful
because sometimes Travis floats things like magic food,
and we are like, oh, off to the next thing.
Sounds good.
But I am curious, Travis,
what other sort of magic food Nature Box has
that they ship you that you know about
that they aren't talking about,
like the deep, like, government consumers and stuff.
They're afraid to let us know about.
Yeah, I honestly, I'm afraid I've said too much.
Oh, so you couldn't think of enough.
Right now, you can save even more.
Nature Box is offering our fans 50% off your first order
when you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
It's naturebox.com slash my brother.
Get 50% off your first order.
One more again, naturebox.com slash my brother.
You did a really good job on that ad, Griffin.
Thank you, dude.
I think Travis probably was a little bit off his game
because he was literally tweeting
while we were doing that bit.
Oh, boy, Justin, give me that.
Justin, give me that good tweet he was doing.
I said that his goal is to get my bim bam verified.
Can I do that?
How do I do that?
I still don't know how I got verified.
Jesus, that is a very, very, very good Travis McElroy tweet.
Well, to be fair, I did tweet that during the lengthy break
that we edited out where Justin ran to, I don't know,
go to the bathroom, get coffee, check his, I don't know,
TV to see what was on Nickelodeon.
I didn't run to the bathroom.
I'm not John Candy.
I walked to the bathroom.
I'm not John Candy in every John Candy movie
where he uses the bathroom and has to run to it.
I am a gentleman, and I walked to the restroom
to devastate it.
I want to tell you guys about another sponsor,
and it's Harry's.
We've talked about Harry's many times,
but I love the fact that the razors don't cost.
I was just looking through the razor section today.
Do you know they sell an eight-pack, one of the big companies
sells an eight-pack of razors for $45?
Yes.
It's lunacy.
It's lunacy.
I love Harry's.
Harry's is the only reasonable razor company in the whole world,
but there's something kind of so dope about that.
Like, yeah, eight razors.
You'll use them in like two months.
$40, please.
What are you talking about, shit?
Yeah.
What the fuck?
I shouldn't have to have a budget line item for razors.
That shouldn't be listed among my utilities,
and now I don't have to.
They're just $2 a blade compared to the $4 or $5 or $6
that you'll pay at the drugstore.
Yeah.
What if Downey was like eight rolls of paper towels?
That'll be $160.
Fuck you.
All their products are great, too.
Their aftershave is the best I've ever used.
Now, Harry's is so confident about the quality of their blades.
They want you to try their shave set for free.
You heard that right.
Just cover shipping when you sign up.
Plus, as a special offer for fans of our show,
you go to harrys.com right now and enter code
MYBROTHER at checkout, and you get a post-shave balm also free.
It's the best.
And you can get it for free going to harrys.com
and using the code MYBROTHER when you sign up.
I want to tell y'all.
No, I want to.
Okay.
Okay.
Do you know what?
You got to do the thing with the snacks,
and now I want to do this one.
I don't want to do it.
Listen, we only get to do this ad twice a year
in the two weeks leading up to Valentine's Day.
So let's just-
I know.
Come on.
It's okay.
Go do it, Travis.
I don't want to do it anymore.
I don't know why the sound of my little brother crying
makes me so happy.
I just feel like I've been looking forward to it.
You know folks, Valentine's Day is just around the corner
and ProFlowers is making it easier than ever
by taking out the guesswork.
On top of their already low prices,
right now you can get two dozen assorted roses
with a free glass vase for $29.99
plus shipping and handling or upgrade
for another $9.99.
You can get two dozen long stem roses
with premium vase and chocolate.
You can pick your flowers
and then check it out in two minutes.
This hasn't happened this year,
but last year,
the first time ProFlowers advertised with us,
they wanted to send us a sample of their product,
which I thought was great.
And they showed up and it was beautiful,
just beautiful flowers.
And you wouldn't believe these came in a box.
This is fantastic.
No, they're really, really-
They're really pretty.
Nice to have around.
Except the one thing-
There's one thing.
There's one problem.
The one problem is they send them
for all the podcasts I do.
So all of a sudden it went from like,
oh, beautiful flowers to,
holy shit, I'm getting stalked.
Fucking Max Medina is about to propose to me.
He's just fucking packing my house with roses
and it got to be a little bit of a burden.
It got to be a little bit burdensome,
but they're gorgeous.
They're all gorgeous.
They're gorgeous flowers.
For me-
But it did make it seem like Justin had just died.
When it happened to me,
I felt that this must be what it's like
to fake your own death.
You get to see the flowers people send to the family.
I'm like, oh, ProFlowers really cares
that I faked my death.
Thank you, ProFlowers.
Here's the only way to get two dozen assorted
rose with free glass vase starting at $29.99.
Just go to ProFlowers.com
and use the code MYBROTHER.
All one word.
That's ProFlowers.com.
Click on the microphone.
Type in the code MYBROTHER.
Don't wait.
This deal expires soon.
Can I read the fucking Jumbotron at least?
Sure, yeah.
Go for it.
Who is this message for?
It's for Anna, aka Traveler.
You're not even gonna read the thing right.
And it's from-
You're not even gonna do the impression.
And it's from Rosie, aka Potion Seller.
Potion Seller.
Greetings, Traveler.
Potion Seller.
You see that video?
It's fucking good.
See, you don't even know the fucking meme.
Listen up, big man on campus, Travis McElroy.
I know all the memes.
Potion Seller is Traveler.
You see that?
Man, I used to get blazed and just fucking roll that shit.
Roll that beautiful beam footage.
Surprise, by now it's been-
Sorry, this is now the message.
Surprise, by now it's been several months
since I introduced you to Mimba Mim.
Just don't know why it came out like that.
And you, like a woman possessed,
tore through the first hundred episodes
in a matter of days.
Those saw bones is your true podcast soulmate.
Thanks for being there for me during my year off.
I'm so glad to be back on campus with you.
Happy 21st, Anna.
Great job.
I'd like to say to Rosie,
thank you-
That's a beautiful message.
Thank you for right in the middle there,
making sure to let us know
that we are Anna's second favorite.
Hey, I'll take it.
Fine.
Yeah.
Fine.
Are there like Terrace House fan casts?
There is.
Nick Robinson at Polygon just started doing one.
Nice.
Um, yeah.
I don't know.
Spoilers, I haven't finished Aloha State,
but it's popping off though.
There's only eight Eps, right?
Right now?
Yeah.
We're really pacing ourselves
because we blew through season one.
Welcome to our segment Terrace House break
where we talk about Terrace House.
Yeah.
My dad asked me this week,
what's Terrace House?
Because he took a fucking covert snap of me
during Adventures in Recording where I was wearing
the beautiful Terrace House shirt
that I received for Christmas from my dear brother.
And people were going nuts about it.
My dad asked me, what's Terrace House?
And that, it was a real,
I didn't know how to explain Terrace House to my dad
in a way that would make it appealing enough
that he would watch it,
which everybody should, on Earth.
I'm Allegra Ringo.
And I'm Renee Colbert.
And we host a podcast called Can I Pet Your Dog?
Renee, can I tell you about a dog I met this week?
I wish that you would.
In turn though, can I tell you about a dog hero?
May I tell you about a dog breed
in a segment I like to call Mutt Minute?
I would love that.
Could we maybe talk about some dog tech?
Could we have some cool guests on?
Like Lin-Manuel Miranda, Nicole Byer, and Anne Wheaton?
I mean, yeah, absolutely.
I'm in.
You're on board.
What do you say we do all of this
and put it into a podcast?
Yeah, okay.
You think?
Perfect.
Should we call it like, I don't know,
Can I Pet Your Dog?
Sure.
All right.
What do you say we put it on every Tuesday on Maximum Fun?
Or on iTunes.
Sounds good to me.
Meeting's over.
I have a Yahoo here.
Can I read it?
Yeah, go for it.
Okay.
You're the boss.
What?
You're the boss.
Oh, okay.
You're a media luminary.
If you feel like it's time for a Yahoo,
you should go for it.
That's a fucking good point.
I'm just gonna drop it then.
It's also from Brooks Oglesby.
Thank you, Brooks.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Rose, who asks,
I bet no one has asked this one before.
What rides at an amusement park are best for kissing?
You know, Rose?
Do you guys remember having to find places to kiss?
This will be a good...
This will be...
You'd be like walking in the park and you'd find like a little secluded grove
and you'd think like, I should remember this for later for when I want to kiss.
Yes, my good one was the instrument room in the band room,
like the instrument closet is a good place to kiss.
That's a good place to kiss.
Hmm, good kissing in there.
I will never forget being a teen and going on a date to a movie
and sitting in the back row so I can do some smooching
and then some fucking adults would come and sit like right in front of us
and it's like, I think you guys know exactly what you just did.
You've ruined me.
I think that you're being assholes right now.
Do you think I wanted to see Prince of Egypt in theaters?
No, I came here for a reason and that was to kiss
and to listen to Donny Osmond sing.
He's got a great voice.
What are the best rides at an amusement park though?
Because Tunnel of Love is obvious bullshit.
If you kiss on the Tunnel of Love, it's like so...
Like if my wife kissed me on a Tunnel of Love, I'd be like, really?
Okay, stop, stop.
Stop, this needs to be addressed.
My first thought was the Tunnel of Love, right?
Okay, but stop for a second and think.
Oh my God, holy shit, Justin, you're right.
Seriously though, media has perpetrated a lot of lies on us growing up as kids,
especially like old cartoons.
I've never in my entire adult life, I've traveled all across this great land of ours.
I've never, ever, ever seen a Tunnel of Love.
I've seen a fake Mario Brothers castle that kids could run around on and fall and die.
I've seen a spaceship that spins around so fast that you stick to the walls.
I've never seen a Tunnel of Love in my entire life.
Essentially what a Tunnel of Love is, is a timed hand job challenge.
Are you tough enough?
You have a hot jacket.
You have 118 seconds, go.
Uh oh, look up ahead, do you hear the clown music?
You better hurry, you better hurry and finish to the clown music.
That's when the camera flashes.
Do you want to buy your pictures?
I don't, please don't show the pictures.
I think some real next level smooching would happen on bumper cars,
but here's the thing, two separate cars.
You have to bump to smooch.
Okay, it's kind of like that scene in Fast Five, or maybe Fast Six,
where Vin catches Letty in the air, and because their cars crash into each other.
Or something like that.
Or like that scene, I think it's Fast Five, where the Rock and Vin Diesel pull up next to each other and smooch.
And they kiss, they crash their cars into each other and like, you want to fight?
Like, no, I have a better idea, and they do kiss right there.
Man, why did Izzy turn evil though?
I'm still so torn up inside about it.
It was about family.
It was about family, but it's not anymore.
Damn it, damn it.
Here's a question.
What's a-
I got another question.
Okay.
Did you have something else you wanted to say about Fast and the Furious?
I've always wanted to talk about Fast and the Furious on our podcast, so-
No, but there's so many different rides in an amusement park where you could kiss on.
I think the best one would be at Universal Studios, the Fast and the Furious.
There's a part in the tram ride, where it's like, hey, here's this used to be,
this used to be where we filmed Desperate Housewives, and here's the back lot where we film all of our street scenes.
And now, oh, it's Dominic Toretto and gang, and they're with us.
What's that?
There's a bad guy trying to catch us.
We're in a tram, but it's souped up, and let's take a ju-
It's like, whoa, hold on.
It's weird how they do that at Universal, and they're like, here we are, and there's the lot where we filmed whatever the fuck.
And here was some bad movie that we filmed here.
And then, oh, what's that?
The tram's in the middle of a flood.
And it's like, no, you can't-
That doesn't make sense.
Be like, here's a tour of Universal, and then you're in, you're imperiled.
They also have that studio tour at Universal Studios Florida.
Nothing is filmed there.
Nothing is there.
You're not gonna see any celebs.
There's Duck Dynasty, and end of tour.
I, when I, when Teresa and I went to the Universal Studios,
somebody got very excited because there was, like, a board, like, posted on a wall
that showed what TV shows are filmed at that studio, and one of them was, like, Mindy Project.
And I saw this family lose their fucking minds,
but they were like, they filmed Mindy Project here.
And I was like, not here, though.
Like, not in a place you're going to go.
Where's Mindy?
Why are you so excited?
Mindy!
It might as well have said, like, this is where we film Cheers.
Like, here, like, yeah, you're not gonna see it.
They don't have to prove that to you.
Yeah, you say that, but when we took the NBC studio tour, when we went up in the AH,
you know we were losing it.
You know we were fucking out.
That is true.
Thinking about, that's where fucking Brian Fellowes had done his thing.
And the fucking, if you think about it, if you think about it for a second, Travis,
studio AH is where I said a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house,
did you get it?
It was actually filmed, if you think about it.
This is like when I went to Nickelodeon Studios,
and they let us walk onto the set of the mystery Files of Shelby Woo.
Uh, I want to get to this last question, because it's so fucking good.
Please.
My dad admitted to me that he had never seen Willy Wonka.
Now here, then it gets more buck wild.
Oh my god!
He's a huge fan of Gene Wilder, so I told him to watch it.
After a year trying to get him to watch Willy Wonka,
I finally bought him a Blu-ray player with a copy of Willy Wonka.
That was three years ago.
Every time I see him, I beg him to watch Willy Wonka.
And he watches reruns of M.A.S.H. and Big Bang Theory instead.
You guys are my last hope.
How do I convince you to watch this movie?
Oh my god, this is all time.
And in fact, a question I didn't include in the list here,
but in the email also included their dad's phone number,
so we could call their dad, I guess,
ostensibly call their dad to tell their dad,
hey, we're three people you don't know,
but fucking watch Willy Wonka, old man.
Yeah, please watch Willy Wonka for a second.
This is fucking stellar.
Are you kidding me?
This is the best question.
I love Vin Diesel.
Oh yeah, man, Fast and Furious.
Fast and the Who now?
Well, I'm more of a boiler room kind of guy.
Holy shit.
Huge fan of Gene Wilder.
Haven't seen the Willy Wonka movie,
but the Frisco kid is awesome.
Now, I will say this.
Great flick.
Gene Wilder does have a body of work
where you could conceivably be a huge fan of the man
and not see Willy Wonka.
I don't want to disparage his other work,
like fucking the-
Frisco kid rules, that's fair.
Yeah, like he basically rules and everything.
Like fucking watch Silver Streak
and don't come away a huge fan of Gene Wilder.
It's literally impossible.
But the difference here is that all holds true
the first time you bring it up to your dad
and you're like, so what about Willy Wonka?
And he's like, what?
And you're like, Willy Wonka?
A movie that like is an amazing character study
like by Gene Wilder.
It's like an acting class to watch this.
And you're like, oh, okay, cool.
Never gonna watch it.
It's like-
Love the man's work.
It's like arguably like between,
I would say between Heath Ledger's Joker
and Gene Wilder's Willy Wonka
for like literally the best performance
by any actor in any movie, literally ever.
Like I don't think there's a better one.
Heath Ledger's Joker,
Jared Leto's Joker.
And then right there, three with the bullet.
Gene Wilder's Joker.
He would have been fucking great at doing me.
Oh my God.
God, that would have been good.
He would have been Riddler.
He would have been an amazing Riddler.
Oh my God, Trace, that's even better.
Or Clock King.
Man, that motherfucker could have been any of them.
It could have been a calendar man.
Fucking, he could have been Batman.
He could have been, this is my 65 year old ward Robin.
Hello, Batman, the Batman future show.
Damn it.
Just put the movie.
Just put it on.
Just strap your dad in, fucking Clockwork Orange, your dad.
Now make him watch this culturally important film.
It is going to be a weird 20 minutes
where your dad's like,
it's just old people in a bed.
No, listen.
Why is this kid so sad?
He's buying so much chocolate.
Okay, hang in there.
You're going to love this movie, Dad.
There's so much candy.
I've been watching it for 20 minutes.
Not even seen a single sweet.
Where's the sweets kid?
This kid in front of a TV, what the fuck?
There's a very spoiled girl,
but where's the sweets, Jamie?
Where's my Gene?
There has been very little of my favorite actor,
Gene Wilder from the Frisco Kids.
I went and showed him the movie and he said,
oh, Gene Wilder, I was thinking of somebody else.
I was thinking of Gene Hackman.
Love that guy's work.
I love Gene Hackman's stuff.
Fucking tail wag dog or whatever.
Wag the dog, the tail.
Love him, he in that probably.
The problem with watching it for the first time,
sight unseen, is there's a chance he'll think
Arthur Slugworth is the protagonist
and he'll start rooting for him from the job.
I like the look of this Slugworth guy.
He's got goals, priorities.
He's a mover and a shaker.
For some reason, I look and sound like him.
Do you think Mike TV's last name was TV
or that was just a nickname they called him
because he liked TV?
His last name is T-E-E-V-E-E, Mike TV.
That's a weird choice by Roald Dahl
because none of the other kids are named that way.
Yeah, my name's Augustus Fat Candy.
Yeah, like it's just such a weird,
like and Mike TV, I'll come up with something better later.
Yeah, I'll figure it out later, whatever.
It might be T-E-A-V-E-E.
I like to think that if I was a pornographic film actor,
I would be called Augustus Fat Candy.
Excuse me, excuse me, just one moment.
Just a moment of your time.
I Googled to check my spelling of Mike TV
and on the Wikipedia page,
or sorry, the Roald Dahl Wiki page for Mike TV,
there's a behind the scenes fact
that the original name for Mike TV
was going to be Herpes Trout.
Get the fuck out of the door.
Hey Roald, Roald.
Yeah, I read through your manuscript here.
We were so excited to publish your new book.
Couple notes, couple notes.
We felt like the pacing was a little off the first 20 minutes.
Also, one of the kids is named Herpes.
One of the children is a sexually diseased fish
and maybe we could roll that back a little.
We could roll that back a little bit, what do you say?
And also maybe instead of being a kid
who's obsessed with sexually diseased fish,
he just watches a lot of TV.
Watch a lot of television
and there could be a bit of a morality tale there.
I know what I need.
All men sound like this to Griffin.
I'm gonna have to rethink the whole book now.
My life is basically like Anomalisa
where every man who isn't one of you two basically
just, hey Griffin, you wanna come watch
the Royal Rumble today?
Yeah, sure.
So anyway, this has been my brother, my brother and me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We have some exciting announcements for a change.
We're doing things again.
We're doing things again.
We're shaking off our torpor.
Against all odds, we're doing things again.
So first off, and we don't have specifics on this,
but the trailer for our show is going to drop this week
at some point, maybe today, maybe tomorrow.
This is like a super cut trailer with clips.
Have y'all seen it?
Because we saw the original trailer,
but there was far too much cursing in it.
Yeah, we actually had an original cut that we loved
that had like seven f-words in it.
And then we cut those out.
It's still very good.
And like you're not missing anything
because we just say that word when we can't think
of a funny thing to say.
So you're not missing much.
But that trailer will go up somewhere this week.
So keep an eye on at NBNBAM or our Facebook page
and we'll be sure to retweet it from there.
Also, we are doing a live show in Portland, Oregon on March 18th.
And that's going to be part of the XOXO Fest,
which we're excited to be a part of.
And yeah, it's our first live show in...
Fuck dudes.
What was the last live show we did?
Candle Nights in September?
Yeah.
Yes, Griffin.
Then we had Babies.
Then we all had Babies.
Yeah, damn it.
But Trav, you need to gin up a bit.ly link for this.
Okay, I'll do it right now.
Okay.
How about MBMBAM XOXO?
Yeah, that's good.
Cool.
MBMBAM bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM XOXO.
We need to address is the XOXO Fest...
Is that Zozo?
Is he haunting us again?
Is that Zozo?
Back in the mix.
Damn it.
But that's going to be March 18th.
Doors at six, show at seven.
My brother, my brother and me, the podcast.
So that'll be popping off.
We're also in the process of planning another live show
for later in the spring and details to follow.
Details to follow, but soon, should follow soon.
As soon as we have dates, because we know it's an issue
for people to clear up schedule times and things like that.
It's going to be a single city jam.
Like our Boston show, but it's going to be fun.
Fun and good.
We'll let you know.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
and to departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a wonderful album that you need to have.
Have it somehow.
I also want to thank Max Fun for having us.
You can go to maximumfun.org.
Check out all the great podcasts there.
They're all free and they're all super great.
You're going to love listening to them.
I guarantee it.
They've got shows like Throwing Shade
and Stop Podcasting Yourself.
And they have shows like One Bad Mother and Lady to Lady.
Really, really good podcasts.
You can go listen to all at maximumfun.org.
If you want to hear more podcasts from us
or want to see video stuff that we do,
you can go to mackleroyshows.com.
You can find all our contact info and PO boxes
and how to get in touch with us all at mackleroyshows.com.
Is that it?
We're done?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah.
Yeah, cool.
Got a final Yahoo here from Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gabriel the Angel.
Gabriel the Angel, who asks,
where can I get free clarinet sheet music of Linkin Park?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother,
Rink Eastern Dance Corps on the Lips.
My name is Patrick.
My name is Ariel.
My name is Joe Coghlin.
The first time I went to Max Fun Con,
I didn't know anyone.
I wasn't really nervous about that.
Everyone said not to worry about going alone,
that I'd make friends right away,
that I'd have an amazing time.
It turns out everyone was right.
I instantly had 200 new friends.
I've made lifelong friends at Max Fun Con
that I'm going to keep in touch with for the rest of my life.
If you aren't sure if you belong at Max Fun Con, you belong.
Don't be like me.
Don't waste two years being too nervous.
Just go already.
Join Ariel, Patrick, and Joe at Max Fun Con.
Tickets for Max Fun Con and Max Fun Con East
are on sale now at MaxFunCon.com.
