The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, main advice show for the modern era, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
That was pretty even, thank you.
Good balance, everyone.
I assume when everyone screams as loud as they possibly can, it all works out the same, because there's a cap on pure human joy.
Do you want to clarify before we go on, you may be looking at me and think, did Travis change clothes between shanners?
No, this shirt is reversible.
I just want to make that clear.
He called Levi's and he's like, I'm doing two in a row, is there anything you can do for me?
And those fucking fashion wizards.
They did it.
I feel very good.
Yeah!
And you may be asking, why?
Is it the energy of Nashville?
Is it to our life?
Is it just that we've gotten good at this?
Is it the excitement of Nashville crowds, which I tell everyone are the best crowds in the world?
It's not.
It's not that.
It's salad, baby.
You're looking at three genuine salad boys.
Oh, and I know what you're thinking.
Certainly someone made them get salad.
Nope.
Or did it on their own?
Completely voluntary.
This is not a cookie points transaction or investment situation.
This was three adults who said, do you know what would be good for my human body?
Right.
Salad.
And everyone in the room went, oh.
We've been on the road for two days.
It's taken a serious toll.
You're joking.
I'm not.
Road Griffin makes choices that home Griffin would not.
This morning I had two big, big muffins, a bag of Skittles, and a whole can of Pringles before 10 a.m.
If I was sitting in my living room watching Teen Titans go with my child and wife,
I would not say, you know what would be good breakfast?
It would not involve Skittles and a whole can of Pringles.
I can guarantee you that much.
Now, I don't know about you guys.
I don't want to speak for you, but the sort of arc that I went on this evening was intellectually saying,
I should have a salad.
The poops have been strange today.
And then intellectually saying that.
And then when dinner arrived, I went on a spike like this, oh, hell yeah, dinner.
And then I was like, ah, shit.
That's right.
I got a salad.
But then at my lowest point, which was one of the worst things to ever happen to me,
because I could have gotten anything and I did get salad.
As I started to eat it, my body was like fucking Wesley and Buttercup emerging from the lightning sands.
Oh, thank God.
Vitamins, nutrients, thank you.
The amazing thing about this is I actually.
Wait, hold on.
That was really funny.
Just let him finish laughing.
Now, okay.
I experienced the exact inverse of this this afternoon, Griffin and I.
Travis made some fucking decisions at Puckett's.
I went to Puckett's and I ordered for appetizers.
No, F-O-R.
But I did.
And F-O-U-R, actually.
F-O-U-R for appetizers.
I got fried green beans, fried green tomatoes, fried pickles.
And then we also got the sausage and cheese.
He did that.
He ordered that trio of literally everything in the appetizers menu that said fried on it.
And I instinctively went like, holy fuck.
And I said this out loud in a restaurant I've never been to.
No shit.
I ordered those three things.
Rapid fire.
The server went, wow.
She actually said, awesome.
It was probably the first time.
And so I was very excited spiritually to order these things.
And then I started consuming them in my body like the other father in Coraline just like melted.
My body started to consume this earthly decadence.
What we are saying is that these were prescription salads.
These were medicinal salads.
So this is an advice show.
And what does that mean?
Well, we tell you what to do.
Now, if you've never listened to this before and you've just heard this bit, you might be thinking,
I probably shouldn't do what they tell me to do.
Chase that instinct.
Follow that.
Don't lose sight of that.
Let's hear from someone who supposedly is in the audience tonight.
Supposedly.
A lot of liars listen to our show.
We'll see.
I don't know. Plans change.
Sure.
I don't know what would be more important.
Life finds a way.
Let's read the advice question.
I'm trying to.
You guys are talking.
I'm a poor college kid working the graveyard shift in a big office building.
During the night, many of the office floors aren't used.
I'll hide on money.
I'll grab some of the food from the other floor's fridges.
Most being from corporate lunches, not personal lunch boxes.
Am I good?
This isn't stealing, technically, right?
What do I say if someone catches me one night?
And that's from raccooning in Kentucky.
And you said most.
Yeah, that's a critical most.
I'm going to rewind that most.
I steal food.
Most being from corporate lunches, not personal lunch boxes.
So you said most.
So, like, usually, but sometimes, it's Gerald's lasagna.
And now that we've voided out your evil, are you here?
Yes, yes, yes, you are here.
Okay.
You're just a little sheepish about it, and I get it.
Is Gerald here?
Because we got the guy.
We got him.
We got him, Gerald.
We got him.
You know the thing I love about Gerald's lasagna?
What's that, Justin?
The cheese is so nice and bubbly, and his mom made it for him.
And also, it's Gerald's, and not yours.
The cheese tastes great, and the fact that you're depriving Gerald of his motherly gift is...
I've always said lasagna stolen is sweeter than lasagna earned.
Indeed, Travis, indeed.
I've never heard the question phrased, this isn't technically stealing right, where the answer was, yeah, you're fine.
Right.
Because what it should be, it's actually the reverse is true.
It is technically stealing.
You are taking something that's not yours and making it yours.
That's stealing.
But what you're asking is, what isn't stealing?
You also used the term raccooning to refer to yourself, and nobody's ever seen a raccoon going through their garbage or picnic basket and thought like, aw, tight.
Right.
Aw, thank God, now I don't have to worry about that sandwich I was gonna eat.
Right, no one ever sees a raccoon combing their yard and thinks, man, I hope he found the rotten turkey I saved for him in my trash.
Like, you didn't save it for the raccoon, the raccoon is taking what they want.
But it's not even that, because like, this isn't food someone was discarding.
Indeed, true.
They were saving it for later, and you said, no you're not.
Well, maybe.
You were saving it for me.
Maybe the Quiznos party platter was a little bit too much party than this office can handle, and it would end up in the dumpster.
That's what I'm saying, I think there's an arc that goes through when you're buying food in bulk, and you bought too much, and there's like, one of the containers of like, soup doesn't get even opened.
You feel really bad about it, and you're like, I'm gonna save this and figure out something to do with it.
And then the fridge does its grim work, and a week later, it is trash, like, oh, I gotta throw this away.
And you can feel great about it, because the fridge sort of babysat, like, the fridge is sometimes like food hospice.
It's a trash incubator, is what you're saying.
The fridge, carefully, gradually, lovingly, and in an appropriate setting, where family are welcome, shepherds the food to death.
And then you can feel great about throwing it away, because, well, it's done its job, and I didn't throw it away when it was good and edible.
So what was the question?
I think it's a victimless crime, except Gerald.
Gerald is a victim.
Gerald has been victimized.
Otherwise, I think you're good.
It's just, it's corporate food.
Steal from, eat the rich's sandwiches.
I guess what I'm saying.
That is a power move.
If you're like, hey, CEO, your pastrami was great.
But you don't say it.
Oh, don't say it.
But you know it.
How about a Yahoo from the great Yahoo Answers service?
This one was sent in by Gina Invieri.
Thank you, Gina.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Morgan, who asks, how do I sell a single potato?
I managed to grow only one big potato in my yard.
Just wondering where I could sell it.
How much can I get for it?
The type is a King Edward potato.
You know, it's wild to me that you would work all that time and get one potato, and your first thought is, I gotta sell this bad boy.
Like, did you, you really didn't want a potato, huh?
Because you just got one, and you're like, I have to divest myself with this potato.
The skill level of your horticulture game is not apparently awesome, because you only got the one.
I can't imagine it's the most luscious potato ever grown.
To be fair, they do say one big potato.
How big?
I mean, if you let a potato grow, it can get, as far as I understand, infinitely large.
Perhaps they are amazing, they have a really green thumb, but this one big potato consumed all the other smaller potatoes.
Yes, it's an Akira potato!
I feel bad for this cat the first time they saw The Martian, though.
Because, like, that's gotta be demoralizing, huh?
He grew that, this guy went to space, grew potatoes in his shit from nothing on space in Mars, and then he got, like, enough to live forever on them.
This guy did one in his yard, with presumably potato food and special seed.
Where potatoes belong.
The Martian benefited, those potatoes benefited from having Matt Damon's dookie all over them.
Which is, as we all know, the most wonderful fertilizer around.
He might also have been disheartened just because he's a really big Matt Damon fan, and the idea of Matt Damon being trapped on Mars really fucked him out.
Because he can't make a lot of movies up there.
Just the one.
Yeah, everything you just said made a lot of sense, to me.
Here's the thing, you can't go to a farmer's market, and somebody walks up to your booth, and you have one potato sitting on some sort of column with a velvet cloth on it, with a spotlight shining down on the potato.
Like you're a fucking, like, vendor in Legend of Zelda, like, 90 rupees for my only potato.
Sold out, bye, we'll never talk again.
You're wrong, Griffin, and let me tell you why.
Let me tell you why you're incorrect.
What people love these days, farm to table, locally sourced, small batch.
Yeah.
Imagine if you were walking through a farmer's market, and someone caught your attention and said, would you like to be the only human to ever eat one of my potatoes?
Because you could, you could, like, the next day, like, be talking to your friends, like, I mean, I had the most amazing potato last night, and they said, oh, that sounds great, we're gonna get one.
Prove it.
And you're like, you can't.
You can't.
It was mine.
I call them Bo-tatoes, and yes, as you've guessed, my name is Bo.
Ah.
And it's the one, it's the only one.
I'll ever grow in my life.
This is a bespoke potato.
As you can see, I wrote 2017 on it to help me remember that this is my, this year's potato.
You just take small slices off it every day?
A potato this good, you don't eat how it was.
Yeah, this is Bo to table, and I made it just for you.
Apparently, if you buy it, it's $35.
I know you're asking, is it magical?
Will it make a big potato stalk into the heavens?
I can't legally say yes, but my lawyers have been very clear.
Also, they've made some very competitive bids for the potato.
You should act fast.
How about another question, Justin?
Okay, gotcha.
Hello, my, I was locked.
Hello, brothers.
It wasn't.
I was up there, you saw I was lying, and I just spaced out for a second.
But for you down here, the illusion was perfect.
See, you thought you had bad seats, but apparently you had the fucking investigative seats up there.
Where you can catch me in all my dirty tricks.
Anyway, and stop reading ahead.
It's very small down here.
You can't see, but it's very small.
The tight, I'm having a hard time actually.
Yeah.
Do you think the salad's turning on you in some way?
Oh, God, you washed the salad before you ate it, right, Justin?
Dun, dun, dun.
Hello, brothers.
With candle lights fast approaching, my mother gave me some diamond earrings to give to my
fiancé, because she does not wear them anymore.
Somebody in the audience went, mmm.
And wanted for me to pass them down through the family.
My question is, should I tell her that they were nice earrings that my mother wanted me
to give her?
Let me, yes.
Or, can I pretend that I spent money on real diamond earrings?
For one of the best candle lights gifts ever, that's from Candle Lights Confused in Coopersville
and you're not confused.
That's not what that word means.
You know the answer already.
What is your fucking long game here?
Are you here?
You can't, yes, good chase, also chase that instinct to not identify yourself.
You may be here with me.
This is how this vignette plays out.
Honey, Merry Christmas.
Oh, these are beautiful.
Pop, pop, puts them in.
Thank you, honey.
Mom walks in room.
Oh, I see you got the earrings I gave my son to give you.
Boom, wedding's off.
Yeah.
There's only one answer and I'm certain you've already guessed it.
If your head's stuck in 2015, you got to bring your mom in on the grift.
Hey, can your mom hang?
Mom, I have a grift?
No, I told you I was out.
I'm out.
I ran my last one.
Once you were born, I was out of the game.
It got too hot.
We lost too much on the Biloxi job.
Hey, Dylan, I love your new girlfriend.
She's really nice and we have similar interests and she seems like a fucking patsy.
I'm going to take her down.
Seems like an easy mark.
Are you bringing Susan to Thanksgiving?
That chump?
That fucking chump.
Does she own any land we could...
Keep the con going.
We're just getting started.
We're in too deep, Dylan.
You can't back out on me now.
The danger, of course, is that your mom gets deep in the grift and then she can't get out the grift.
And then it's like every two weeks she's texting you, like, found another fucking mark.
This guy's such an idiot.
He works with me at Amazon.
Zebra and Accounting just got an inheritance.
I've got another pair of diamond earrings.
Oh, this must have just slipped right off your ears.
How would that work?
Yeah.
Mom, is that a gun?
Are you carrying a gun all the time now?
It's just...
It's hot out there.
It's hot out there, you know.
What?
Get hot out there.
How...
We've got to change the subject.
Also, are you hungry?
Do you want a sandwich?
First one's free.
Oh, no.
I lost who sent this.
Yahoo in.
I'm going to find it by Googling.
It's also by Gina Enviere.
Thank you, Gina.
It's Yahoo Answers user Paul T. asks,
how does wearing khaki pants make you feel?
Should I have said that like more breathy, like...
How does wearing khaki pants make you feel?
I can tell you...
How does it feel?
I can tell you how it makes me feel.
Like I'm ready for anything,
because you can get out into the jungles
and have khaki pants.
You can go to a nice dinner and have khaki pants.
Those are the two things.
Not the same...
I have to...
I'm almost done cutting through these branches,
and then I'm going to go have a nice burger.
At Applebee's.
Yeah.
When you wear...
Say they're flexible garments.
Khaki is the bridge pant, right?
It takes you from maybe I'm going to mow the lawn
to maybe I've got to attend
some kind of fancy religious ceremony.
Khaki pants go from day to evening, exactly, Travis.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That's why you always see James Bond in them.
I mean...
I like your pleat, Mr. Bond.
They don't go from day to evening
as much as they go from your house
to your shift at Best Buy.
99% of my khaki wearing took place
at some sort of retail job where it was required.
And by the way, I only had the one pair of khakis, by the way.
So if you saw me, it wasn't for a fancy event,
because those boys were probably not so...
Bad boys.
Probably a bad stink.
I've always called khaki pants the shrug of pants.
He always says that.
He says that all the time.
Because when you put on khaki pants,
you're basically going, I don't know, pants?
There are very few situations where khakis would be in a...
Either if you go to something casual,
it's like, well, look at you.
Dressed up, huh? Khakis.
And then if you're at a funeral, it's like,
oh, look at you, thank you for coming.
Because they wouldn't mention it.
Because it's a funeral.
What are you thinking?
We're all going to miss Greg so much.
But also...
But also, sweet pants.
Nice khakis.
Thank you.
He would have loved those.
How I feel when I wear khakis
is constantly worried I'm about to drop chocolate on them.
Yeah.
You don't get that with a G.
I don't.
I've never...
If I'm wearing jeans and I drop something on them,
it's like, I'll wash these.
Drink it, soak it in.
Yeah, that's what jeans are for.
Jeans catch that stuff, lick it up and love it,
and they just look better.
You get one drop of khaki...
Maybe that's why Best Buy and Associated Retailers,
by which I mean all of them,
want you to wear khakis,
because they can tell if you're a sloppy boy.
Yeah.
If you're getting into some nasty stuff,
they can keep tabs on you.
I will say the other side of that is true, though.
Because if I worked with someone at Best Buy
and their pants stayed perfectly crisp and clean
at the end of the day, I'm like, you're not living.
You're not doing anything.
You're not doing it.
Get out there.
Make some mistakes.
At Best Buy?
Well...
Like what?
I mean, you're basically talking about steely DVDs.
It's all you mean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's fine.
I got another question.
Here, let me get it open.
Now it is really locked.
This time...
Thank you, Griffin.
Thank you for having my back
for fucking once in our miserable lives.
I really appreciate you.
Not combative.
Okay, here it comes.
He closed it.
I didn't close it.
It's the new iOS.
Did it.
We still live at home,
as does our 87-year-old grandmother.
We live in harmony.
That's nice.
For the most part.
Don't most people live at home?
Fair.
My gran...
But, uh...
But, uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
She also chooses to have every conversation in a whisper from about two inches from your face.
She'll sneak up behind us and whisper things like,
there's ham in the bottom drawer or do we need some more toothpaste?
Our home is turning into a jump scare factory and it's only a matter of time before she scares one
of us so bad we come out swinging.
Fucking hair trigger, man, it's your grandma, all right?
Pump the brakes.
There is no court of law that will let you go for that, you realize, right?
Well, she scared me so bad.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it scared them.
That's from should we put a bell on our grandma?
All so bad.
Neither of these things are acceptable.
And that's from should we put a bell on our grandma and please say no
from Beckley West, by God, Virginia.
What's up?
Are you here?
Currently chilling in Nashville.
Yeah, what's up?
What's up?
Oh, yeah, glad the home state is represented here.
Don't hit your grandma.
Hey, your grandma can be as scary as she wants.
That's not a fucking invitation.
It's your grandma.
You can't you can't make her stop sneaking up on you because you can't make anybody older than 70 do anything.
I do. I like that in your mind.
This is just a random happenstance of a conflagration of things that she does.
She's doing it on purpose.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, fucking funny.
Yeah. Your grandma's hunting you.
That's obvious. Yeah.
You're not accidentally silent like she's sneaking up on you to scare you.
This is a hot. This is a past time.
She was she was born before the Xbox.
She can't just go play Halo and hang out with Master Chief and all of her friends.
Right. This is the game that she played.
She was born in the dark.
Right. And you want her you want her to go from sneaking behind the Huns enemy lines to collect intel to just like watching Mori Povich.
She was a spy. Your grandma was a super sneaky spy.
Duh. That seemed obvious to me reading the question.
So she was a super sneaky spy.
And how are you guys caught up on the Americans or I don't want to spoil anything.
I haven't watched it. So if you were expecting some sort of joke relevant.
Thank you, Travis. That's the word.
I have a thing I want to suggest, but I also don't want to suggest.
Well, let's take a poll.
If you if you if you spook your grandma just once in a similar fashion.
Fine line.
Immediately retracted, immediately struck from the record, immediately edited.
Also, your grandma will hit you.
You could do that. She will give you one chance at that.
She might be training. Like, why is it?
OK, I don't want to get combative.
But you know, your grandmother lives in the house and she does this.
How is your head not on a swivel at this point?
24-7, 24-7.
How are you not just like, ah, your grandma's like sneaking up behind you.
Ah, she's like, that's what the world is like.
Oh, she's trying to make you hard, strong and hard.
Yeah, you got to be tough because one day it won't be me sneaking up on you.
It'll be the Batman.
One day it'll be Zorro.
What? What are you talking about?
It'll be the Shadow.
Stop it. It's really old stuff.
It'll be Fibber McGee and Molly.
Come on, Grandma.
You're just making stuff.
It was the I had a bug on my iPad.
Let me see.
You're going to. It's that new iOS, man.
Oh, shit. We have a haunted doll wash coming in hot.
This is rough. This is rough.
This is Rose.
Sorry, Mr. Reddit.
It would be weird if their posting started with, this is rough.
This is rough.
It would be weird pretty much anyway it started because
it's eBay listing for a doll that is haunted.
But let's just see what this one says.
Haunted dolls found in the storage after Grandma passed away.
What just happened?
Oh, shit. Are you with us right now?
I am having paranormal activity after bringing these dolls home.
At first, I was very scared,
but now I'm spending more time with each doll in order to get
a sense of their energy and give the buyer as much information as possible.
I love this phrase. I am what they call a sensitive.
Therefore, I'm able to use all my senses and feel spirits.
My grandma was a kind loving spirit and my Aunt Angelica was
a healer and a psychic in her country.
Family business. Love that.
Just like this podcast.
She was fake and not real.
She was a psychic. She was a psychic in her country.
She got over here and was like, I can't see shit.
I don't know. I don't know, man.
I'm not getting the signal. I got direct TV now.
I don't know.
I only do metric.
I was taken care of by my aunt,
so I learned how to perceive and work with energy from an early age.
I'm using different forms of communication as a pendulum and automatic writing
in order to give my buyers as much information as I can about my spirit dolls.
If you decided to buy any of my dolls,
you need to establish your own way of communicating with your spirit.
It's like, listen, it's not that it doesn't work.
You just need to find, like, your thing.
Yeah, go your own way.
My Aunt Angelica, a renowned psychic and healer in Costa Rica.
By the way, in case you're keeping track,
we are not yet to the item description.
These have just been bona fides at this point.
So here's the doll vessel.
It's five inches tall, porcelain brown eyes.
That is quite little. That is quite a tiny doll, actually.
Not so scary.
It's a McDonald's Beanie Baby.
This, this person got pretty buck wild with capital letters.
So I'm going to try to emulate it as best I can.
Rose is the embodiment of pure love.
Her aura is pink and she is able to transmit her loving energy
with beams of light. Sure.
She has come through to help someone find their soulmate
and bring loving people into recipient's life.
She is an angelic spirit that should be given respect
and care. Recipient should place her on a nightstand
with a pink candle where prayers should be made.
A good, good night. Have a good night.
My personal experience with Rose.
She emits a pink warm glow and warm sensations on your body.
When you hold her, you're filled with love.
Angels are the intermediates between God and humans.
They are able to help us send and receive messages from God.
They are pure love and light and always by our side to help us.
Disclaimer.
No returns is the disclaimer on that.
So that's Rose. You can just catch Rose on eBay right now.
You can go get Rose. Why? Why? Why would you need that disclaimer?
You just spent like four paragraphs saying
if you pray to this doll, God will put cool people in your life.
But no returns. If you touch this doll,
you'll feel love for the first time and warm sensations over your body.
And God will talk to you through the doll.
All transactions are final.
Holy shit. Yeah.
I, I will say I like a haunted doll that is actually an angel doll.
Right. I like that. That's nice.
It's not spooky. It's not spooky. It's nice.
Yeah. We like to ignore the fact that angels are just ghosts
that you do want around.
But I'm glad. To help you cheat at baseball.
To help you cheat at baseball. Exactly.
You want to know, I have a regular question.
How about a regular question?
And then maybe depending on how long the regular question goes,
maybe we can kick it to audience questions after that.
Okay. Got it. Perfect.
Here we go. Here it comes.
I need your help. I love my job.
Unlock the iPad and then you want to go to the Google drives.
I love my job, but there's one problem.
My boss is obsessed with Taco Bell.
He forces everyone on my team to eat there every week.
Forces? Forces.
Open your fucking mouth.
It's a kiss. Don't get down.
Any time one of us even suggests the different restaurant,
he threatens to fire us.
I used to actually enjoy the bell,
but after three years of eating under duress,
it's lost its flavor. I have died.
I'm dead. And I'm in a doll.
I'm writing to you from hell.
How do I escape this Taco Friday trap,
but also keep my job that's from Southern Bell and Taco Hell?
Are you present? Are you with us?
Benevolent spirit. Are you with us, spirit?
No. Dead person.
Okay. Now, there are many things that I am not.
And one of them is like a legal expert.
Sure. But I'm pretty sure he can't fire you for that.
Yeah. Do you have an HR- Is the HR person just a mop
with glasses on it that this boss created?
Just wearing a sign that says Taco Bell Yum Yum?
Let me get a number nine with three softies.
That's what we call soft tacos in Austin, Texas.
It's not catching on.
I would love this.
No. Because basically,
whenever somebody asks me, I want to eat,
the answer in my heart is Taco Bell.
And then there are other things in my body,
social, mental, economic, physical, sort of existential,
things like that, snares that I put in place
to keep myself from eating Taco Bell at every meal.
Is it beans is the first step in the flow chart?
Beans are a good stopgap
because there's no room in the tummy for nothing else.
But if I had a boss that forced me to eat Taco Bell,
I think that would give me permission to sort of be like,
well, I need this job.
Wait, question asked was looking at this, all wrong.
What you have is the shortest path to promotion ever.
Why?
Because like on Thursday, you look at the boss like,
you know what I'm craving?
Hey.
Little Taco Bell.
Little T-Bell.
Hey man, brought in, I went to Taco Bell.
I know, again, love it.
Had some extra, do you want some?
I know you were considering Marsha for the big promotion,
but you know what I heard?
She is thinking inside the bun.
So one thing about her is that,
could you start taking your boss out to lunch more?
And it's always Taco Bell.
See if you could burn him out.
Oh, what are you in the mood for?
Just kidding, I know what you want, Taco Bell.
We just left the Taco Bell.
I know.
I know.
Oh my, I thought you liked Taco Bell.
Weird, I guess I like it way more than you, huh?
Weird.
I thought you were the number one T-Bell fan.
How is the, by the way, smoking crater of a bathroom
at this fucking office building?
Hey.
Not to get blue, but you are in a science experiment
and you don't know it.
I'm gonna be working from home every Friday afternoon
for the rest of my life.
So I'm never coming to this building on Friday afternoons.
I wonder if it's reached the point
where the boss walks into Taco Bell
and the employees are like, no.
No, dog.
Please, we care about you.
Taco Bell doesn't make its employees eat Taco Bell
once a week.
Like, seriously.
Yeah, we've had a lot of turnover.
We've had to outlaw the eating of the food.
How about one more Yahoo?
This one was sent in by Level 9000.
Yahdrew, Druid, Drew Davenport, thank you, Drew.
It's from Yahdrew Answers user, Alex, who asks,
what would happen if you put pets in virtual reality?
Like a cat or a dog?
Yeah, thank you, thank you.
Those are common pets.
If they somehow figured out a way
to transfer your nervous system and apply animals translate,
would that mean people could talk to their pets
and would they be able to act like humans?
Okay, like, stop.
Did you see the new season of Catfish?
It was wild.
A catfish got in the virtual world
and pretended to be a human using the mind link.
We are talking, these are two wildly different questions.
Could my dog play super hot?
And also, can I talk to my dog with my mind?
Are you fucking with me?
One question is about putting a helmet on a dog
and the other one's about fucking creating dog language
and community, like, we are probably gonna need
to pioneer that before we get into VR
rather than trying to back into dog communication.
Yeah, that would be a weird, like, thing to fall into.
Like, yeah, we were all thinking,
what the fuck, you want what?
He just said he wanted a bone, this is great.
I think this is a dog.
He looks like a virtual dude, but I have my suspicions.
Could I put my pet in VR?
And also, could I talk to my pet?
And also, if I ate Fritos, would it make me fly?
And this is in a world where Fritos make you fly.
So those are the other questions that are corollary on it.
Though we do need to work that technology out first.
Dog would bite it.
Not enjoy the helmet experience for a bit.
You would need to do the helmet and the cone.
I have actually found that if I do FaceTime with my wife
and the dog is around,
the dog does not respond to me whatsoever.
So my thought process is,
if you put the helmet on the dog,
the dog would just sit there like,
I don't know what to do with this.
This smells like nothing to me.
Until a million balls come flying at them,
holy shit, I just turned the corner
and I'm very into dog VR.
I think dogs should be able to use virtual reality.
There, I think we should set it.
Because imagine you're a sweet pup
and just a billion bones fall down from the sky.
I can't make that happen for a dog,
but like dog's second life could ostensibly make that happen.
Dogs, you've been keeping your dog prisoner for years.
This is the least you could do,
is to let them have a peek at the outside world.
My dog would not do well in the outside world.
She is institutionalized, she is happy where she is.
Your dog would look at you with some amount of betrayal,
like, this is what you've been doing the whole time?
And you kept this from me?
Like, of course, why wouldn't you share this with me?
This is fantastic.
This is incredible, there's a water slide, this is great.
This is fantastic.
And I can't die here?
Whoa, hold on.
Okay, wait, stop, no, stop.
Your dog does not know they're going to die.
That's why they're so jized all the time.
Jized.
Don't, okay, you get VR.
The first thing you do in VR is just you learn dog language
and then you use that to communicate
the idea of mortality.
And then your dog's gonna be like,
and I can shoot a bow and arrow in here too?
Amazing, thank you for the goggles, I love it.
And again, what about seven, one seventh as long as,
okay, dog ears, I finally understand.
I've been wondering what you guys meant by that,
but thank you so much for clarifying.
This is fantastic.
Hey everybody, this is Griffin McElroy.
Thank you so much for listening to our live show
from Nashville, from our tour that we did this past weekend.
We had a lot of fun down in the southeast
in Nashville and Atlanta.
Thank you to everybody who came out to those live shows.
We were hoping to be able to record another episode
while we were there so we wouldn't have two live shows
go up back to back again,
but unfortunately we did not have time.
The next episode that goes up will be a regular episode.
We'll probably sit on the Atlanta live show
for a little while, but yeah,
that's just kind of the way that it shook out.
But thank you all so much for listening.
Real quick, if you live in Chicago or around Chicago
and you wanna come see us,
we added another date in Chicago.
That is Thursday, November the 16th,
and we still have a bunch of tickets available for that.
If you wanna come see us, please do.
Just go to mcroyshows.com slash tours
and you can find links to all the info there.
I think we still have some tickets available
for the Milwaukee show on that tour as well.
All those are at mcroyshows.com slash tours.
I wanna tell you about our sponsors this week.
Our first sponsor is stamps.com.
You know stamps.com from podcasts.
Stamps.com allows you to easily buy and print
official US postage for any letter, any package,
and any class of mail using your own computer and printer.
They'll send you a digital scale
which automatically calculates exact postage,
so there's no need to lease an expensive postage meter.
Right now you can enjoy the stamps.com service
with a special offer that includes a four-week trial
plus postage and a digital scale
without any long-term commitments.
Just go to stamps.com, click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage and enter my brother,
all one word.
That's stamps.com, click the mic and enter my brother.
Stamps.com, never go to the post office again.
Also wanna tell you about Squarespace.
Squarespace allows you to create a beautiful website
that you can use to turn your cool idea into a website
or sell your products and services of any kind.
We have a Squarespace website.
It is the aforementioned mcroyshows.com.
Travis whipped it up and links out to all of our stuff
and it looks really, really good.
Squarespace allows you the ability to customize your site
with just a few clicks.
It's got mobile optimization, real-time analytics,
and 24-7 award-winning customer support.
We are encouraging folks to make it stand out
with a beautiful website.
What is it?
I don't know, but make it fuckin' stand out.
If you're gonna make it, make people see it.
Just go to squarespace.com for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother, all one word,
to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or a domain.
Got a few Jumbotrons for you.
I just wanna let you know that Jumbotrons
are going on sale real, real soon,
next Wednesday, November 1st at 11 a.m. Pacific time.
MaxFun will be selling all spots available
for the first six months of 2018
for pretty much all our podcasts.
So go to maximumfun.orgs.jumbotron for more details.
First message is for Ray and Kristen,
and it's from Rob, who says,
"'Happy first anniversary, Bear and Mrs. Bear.
"'May you have many happy hibernations to come.'"
And that's from Brother Bear.
I don't know how these bears got a laptop in the forest,
unless, of course, it is those wonderful bears
from Wee Bear Bears who do have a laptop in the forest
and, oh my god, cartoons are real.
All cartoons are real.
Congratulations on your anniversary, Bear and Mrs. Bear.
Or Ray and Kristen.
I don't know if this is for humans or bears,
but it warms my heart either way.
This next message is for Scott,
and that's Scott with one t,
and it's from Ty, who says,
"'Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott,
"'Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott,
"'Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott,"
like 40 times.
"'Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott."
And that's the end of the message.
I don't know if I said enough Scots.
I hope I did,
because I don't wanna get in illegal hot water.
Scott, Ty is just really enthusiastic about your name, and we're really enthusiastic about
just sort of your whole life.
Thank you again to the Tennessee Performing Arts Center for having us.
Here in the next chunk of the show is the audience questions, and I wanted to preface
that by saying we tried something new.
We are sort of looking for a way to make the audience questions segment be a little bit
more based around the audience actually asking questions instead of sort of saying like a
funny thing or anecdote, which is very enjoyable, but it's not maybe the best launchpad for
what we do in a live environment.
So we try something new in this next segment where we have two people ask questions and
then we pick the one that we think we can help the most while still trying to help out
the other person just in a much more brisk manner.
I think that it might come off as like mean or overly competitive at first, but I promise
you that is never going to be the intention of it.
It's just like a way for us to really hone in on the questions that are sort of best
suited for this to make sure that we can answer the stuff that I think we can do the most
good for or have the most fun with.
I think it went really, really well, and I think we're probably going to do this moving
forward because I think the audience had a lot of fun with it too.
So I just wanted to preface that because I didn't want you to hear what we were doing
and think like we had turned super shitty and wanted our live shows to turn into some
sort of blood sport or anything.
So yeah, I think that's probably it.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for theme songs that depart you off the album
Putting the Days to Bed.
Thank you to Max Fun for having us.
Go to maximumfun.org, check out all the great podcasts there, and yeah, I'm going to let
you get back to the rest of the episode, and the next one will be just a regular episode
that is going to go up October 30th.
All Hallows Eve Eve!
I'm a ghoul.
Bye.
Hello, I'm Kerry Poppy.
And I'm Ross Blatcher, host of maximumfun.org's Ono, Ross, and Kerry.
We wanted to tell you the good news that our podcast is now weekly.
Yeah, weekly!
On Ono, Ross, and Kerry, we don't make extraordinary claims.
We investigate them.
We go undercover with fringe religious groups, investigate paranormal claims, and participate
in pseudoscientific medical treatments and report our findings to you.
In a time where alternative facts reign supreme, we cut through the murky spin to give you
the real deal on topics like UFOs, the anti-vaccination movement, Scientology, and even apocalyptic
churches.
We're even undercover for some very exciting investigations right now.
Well, not right now, right now.
Yeah, that would be unwise.
That's Ono, Ross, and Kerry at maximumfun.org.
We show up so you don't have to.
Fantastic.
On that uplifting note, should we turn it over to the audience?
We should.
All right, some ground rules.
Please don't get up and line up in front of the mics.
We're going to try some different stuff out.
Who was at our Atlanta show last night?
It was a lot of fun.
Got a little out of hand on the audience questions part.
We have some new stuff we want to try out.
Justin came up with the idea.
It might be a little mean, so I want to let Justin explain what the rules of it are.
It's not mean.
It's not mean.
It's fun.
First, let me check on something.
Do we have two microphones for audience usage?
Yes, we do.
Stage left, stage right.
Stage left, stage right.
Fantastic.
Here's what we're going to do.
We're going to have two people come simultaneously.
Amp versus amp.
No.
In the program I've devised, they'll both tell us-
Do you want to play a game?
They'll both tell us their questions.
Then I will choose- No.
We will hear your questions, and again, questions, not anecdotes, if you don't mind.
I saw a cool kite at the park yesterday.
Am I good?
No, you're not actually, because I asked for a question.
So questions, and then we will choose who we can help the most.
The other person we will appreciate, but their life is-
A trap door will open immediately below you.
They will be killed.
They will be prestiged.
We're going to choose the person we can help most, and the other person will kindly take
a seat, but we will very much appreciate them sharing their life with us for that brief
moment.
But that is how we are going to try to- We only have a limited amount of time to do audience
questions, so we want to make sure we help people who need it the most, or we can do
the most good.
And you know the other main role?
No bummer.
Cool.
Can we get even more house lights?
It's kind of scary.
Yeah, it's a little hard to say.
Maybe a little less us-like.
It kind of looks like a million ghosts.
And I'll let them pick while I go pick- Oh my God.
That is fantastic.
Thank you.
All right.
I see a guy in a hat, and somebody else is pointing to somebody.
I see a shadow with a hat on, and somebody's pointing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're waving your hat in the air.
You're good.
Travis, somebody on the left.
I'm looking.
Hmm.
Okay.
I see a guy in a long sleeve shirt.
Yep.
Yep.
That person.
We're good.
All right.
Way to go.
Here we go.
Left and right.
Let's start with you.
What's your name?
Zach.
What's up, Zach?
What's up?
And what's your name?
My name is Allen.
Sorry?
Allen.
Allen.
Allen.
Allen with an E.
Allen.
Thank you.
Degenerate.
All right.
Zach, here's Justin.
All right.
So we had wireless mics.
We could do the whole show from the can.
And that is the ideal.
Zach, what is your question?
We'll start with you, because you were at the mic first.
Okay.
First thing, Justin, thanks for coming back.
Appreciate it.
No problem.
So pretty soon going to become an uncle.
Nice.
My brother and his wife are going to have a baby.
That's typically how it works.
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
Ran the numbers.
That's how it works.
My parents have started to do the whole, like, we're coming up with, like, what our grandparent
names are going to be.
Sure.
And so for whatever reason, my dad thinks it's a good idea for his name to be Tarzan.
Extremely good.
So please, for the love of God, how do I tell my dad that that's an awful idea, and I do
not want that.
That's a pretty good one.
Okay.
Exactly.
Ellen.
Bring the heat.
Okay.
So I literally work at my dream job, and it's wonderful, except I have a co-worker who
has worked with this company for 17 years, I believe, and he doesn't understand things
like how to load the printer.
How do I deal with that?
I'm tempted to go with Tarzan on this one.
All right.
Because the answer to that one is just to talk to HR.
I feel like I've run out of good office etiquette once, because there's, like, a person who's
like a my brother, my brother and me person personified, except they can actually do shit
who works at the company.
So we can help you both.
Ellen, just talk to that person and try to get them either fired or helped.
Either one is fine.
It's fine.
It solves your problem.
So thank you, Ellen.
Thank you, Ellen.
And we're going to kick it over to you, Zach.
Tarzan.
Tarzan's very good is the only thing.
The thing is, you need to get really comfortable with Tarzan very quickly.
How about instead, how about instead you convince your dad to just go with Lord Greystoke?
Because that is Tarzan's actual name and title.
Convince your dad to go with Christopher Plummer, who, of course, played Tarzan.
It's just buck wild what your dad has done in that you can't, a good grandpa or grandma
name is GG, or PP, or poop, poop, booboo, booboo, if only we had made this joke before
at some point.
No, no.
But it can't.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
We'd fuck.
But it wouldn't.
What it can't be is like Darth Vader.
Okay, so I'm Pac Man.
So even worse is my mom wants to be Lulu.
That's good.
That's good.
Yes, that's cool.
But like, what the fuck is Tarzan?
Yeah, it is.
That is an excellent point.
Yeah.
Because if this kid, okay, here's what you do.
In public, start loudly calling your dad Tarzan.
Yeah.
Make him introduce himself to people.
Oh, me?
I'm Tarzan.
Rub his nose in it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, shake the old no-no can of life at him.
Just make him introduce himself as Tarzan.
Because that's the thing.
What he's not picturing is a four-year-old in Walmart like yelling two aisles over, Tarzan!
Tarzan!
And him having to look at someone and go, that's me.
That's me.
That's mine.
I came up with that one.
So does that help?
It doesn't help you.
No.
It doesn't help you.
No.
It helps me knowing that this situation is going to be out in the world somewhere.
Yeah.
Makes you feel a little bit better about the state of things.
Thank you, Zach.
Thank you, Zach.
Thank you, Zach.
You've helped, Zach.
All right, Justin, you get to pick this time.
Okay.
I'm going to say this person who's being pointed at would be excellent.
Yes, it's you.
In second row?
Both of you.
Yeah.
Both of you.
You go right.
You go left.
That's it.
Yes.
Oh, this is great.
Yes.
No longer do we have to make the choice.
Frank will choose.
Oh, my God.
Your shirts say...
Okay, real quick, stand up, reverse.
You got to reverse so they won't get it.
Fucking throw five stooges, so you can figure it out.
Come on.
We, we, move to the other side.
We, we, you're on the other side.
Are you kidding me with this?
This is so good.
Yeah.
There are five people in the front row wearing custom shirts that say, we horny for this
one.
Thank you.
Now, also, that is unlicensed.
My brother and I are going to need you to burn it.
Perfect.
Thank you.
It's very good.
It's a very good shirt.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We'll start on this side this time.
What's your name?
My name is Amanda.
Hi, Amanda.
What's your name?
I'm Sandy.
Hi, Sandy.
Hi, Sandy.
Amanda, we'll start with you.
What's your question?
Yeah.
So, I'm going to be ending my graduate school experience and I'm...
Just quit and just fuck this place.
Bye.
Yeah.
Fuck graduate school.
I'm starting a real person job and it's Monday through Thursday and so that's four days,
but I only have four dress shirts and one pair of pants.
Is that okay if I wear the same kind of outfits throughout the week?
Just sort of, just sort of dug it right there.
Yeah.
Is that okay?
Like, how many clothes should I have?
I really don't know.
Okay.
Thank you.
I do see a lot of room for us to help here.
Yeah.
Sure.
What's...
And what is your question?
So, I have a lovely two-year-old daughter named Sonia.
At least I thought she was lovely until I went to the Y to pick her up from childcare
last week and got a full-page report of how she has been stealing toys, pulling chairs
out from underneath other kids and I'm wondering, is my daughter destined for prison or is there
something I can do to help her?
Okay.
I'm gonna, okay, I'm gonna rule here and we're gonna go this way and I'm gonna tell you why.
There's a very slim, slim sliver of daylight with child-rearing questions and it's just
where it's like the could go just off the road.
It's the Kobayashi Maru.
The Kobayashi Maru.
Thank you.
Or the Star Wars whole bomb in there, explode the big, the big one?
The round ship?
The one with the ship and it's got the big moon, but it's not a moon.
Yeah.
I'm about three horses next in and I'm not gonna find this sliver.
I'm not gonna be able to find it, so my prayers are with you and your family and I super do
hope that works out for you, but I'm gonna take the grounder over here if you don't mind.
I hope you understand.
If yours could be answered with buy one more shirt, we would go with it.
No spoilers.
Don't listen.
If we could tell you, oh, just buy one more shirt and then your daughter will do better
in daycare, we would do yours.
Yeah, but seriously.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hey, what's up?
So four shirts, one pants.
And also one pair of flats.
Oh, we gotta revise the math then.
Okay.
Hold on.
You've changed the whole calculation.
Okay.
You say real person job.
Does that mean five days a week?
Because we're already hitting a snag.
Monday through Thursday, four days.
Oh, then you're fine.
You got a shirt for each day.
Is there a casual day?
No.
Oh, shit.
You do need one other pants.
Not because of like the mix and match kind of thing.
But for chocolate emergencies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If something goes terribly, terribly wrong, you don't want to be sitting there both embarrassed
because you got to stand on your pants and also at a loss for what to do tomorrow.
Right.
If you spill spaghetti sauce in your pants, your first thought can't be, well, I can't
go to work.
It's not a good-
Gotta fake sick.
Gotta take some PTO.
I mean, you could cut them off and make jean shorts, of course, but that trick works once.
And while people may not notice you wearing the same pair of jeans every day, they will
in fact notice you wearing the same pair of jean shorts every day, which is kind of a
paradox, but it is true.
I actually think maybe lean into this a little bit and like you have four different shirts.
Make one the Monday shirt, one the Tuesday shirt, one the Wednesday shirt, one the Thursday
shirt.
But then, two years in, new shirt in the mix.
Everyone's going to compliment new shirt.
Everyone knows it's new shirt because you only got four.
There are very few people in anybody's life who notice when you buy new clothes as evidenced
by the fact that when we were in Atlanta yesterday, I bought this shirt at J. Crew and none of
my family members have said anything about it.
Thank you.
So you're probably good no matter what because people don't care what folks are wearing to
work most of the time unless you work at a Best Buy and you're not wearing the very specific
thing that they request.
No.
That is an excellent point.
I've worked at Best Buy, Sears, and Petsmart and I wore the same thing every day to those
jaws.
And no one was ever like, hmm, blue polo again, huh?
Well, that was a legally mandated blue polo.
And if you start to get nervous, you can kind of punch it up with like maybe a fun brooch.
A kicky shawl.
Kind of a kicky shawl would be nice.
Kind of punch it up.
Did that help?
You're good.
Yeah.
New pants, probably.
Yeah.
You're good.
Ride it out.
All right.
Let's do some a little bit further back.
On the aisle, sitting on the aisle in a blue shirt, waving both their hands, pointing at
your shirt.
Blue shirt in the aisle.
Yep.
Yep.
And then left side.
Left side.
Left side.
Left side.
Somebody's wearing what looks like a pink cardigan over a black shirt.
And I remember we used to do like 50 seat venues and we could just be like, Todd.
Welcome to Terror Dome.
What is your name?
You were here first.
Oh shit.
Oh no.
My name's Faith.
Disqualified.
Faith?
Sorry.
Those are the rules.
What was your name?
Faith.
Faith.
Hi.
Sorry about all of this.
And what's your name?
My name's Lake.
Like the water.
Hi, Lake.
Like the water.
Faith, we'll start with you.
Hold on.
Faith's having her microphone adjusted.
Let's start with Lake.
My stepmom, in her spare time, she makes crafts.
They're usually like designs on pillows or blankets or shirts.
The problem is she likes to put like a signature on them.
And what she does is my parents' initials.
And so it's S and M.
Faith, yours better be fucking good.
But it's also, I don't think there's much advice that we could do here.
And now you're both just sitting on the edge of the stage, which I'm very into, a very
casual vibe.
Was there a question there or was that just a fun anecdote?
How do you change their names?
What do I do?
Okay.
I figured that might be you.
Faith.
Very, very good.
Faith.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, Faith.
I have a roommate.
Okay.
She does this thing where she'll start a conversation with me in the living area.
And as she's speaking to me and I'm invested in the conversation-
She stays there, just doesn't go anywhere because that's-
No.
She'll do the opposite, actually.
And she'll go into her room and she'll talk to me and close the door as she's speaking.
Okay.
God, that's miserable.
And she'll go, oh, yeah.
I had a chemistry test today.
It was really hard.
And I was wondering, and I'm just left there wondering, does she want me to seek her out?
Right.
Is that her?
Are we done?
Is that her saying, I don't want to talk anymore?
I thought you were going to say she goes into the turlet and keeps on rocking like nothing's
going on there.
I feel tempted to go with the S and M quill.
But I don't know that we're going to say anything funnier than the very concept.
Nothing just happened.
Ooh, this is a toughie.
Yeah, I think you just stop talking to your roommate whenever they do this because if
you can't see them, the conversation has ended, and that just seems like a good sort of protocol.
Is that okay?
Yeah, that'll work.
Okay.
Thank you for your honesty.
Thank you for your honesty.
I know it wasn't the best.
Yeah, you didn't sugarcoat it.
I appreciate that.
Now, about these S and M quilts.
Yeah.
We actually don't have anything funnier to say than the quilts, so you may actually be...
Was the question, what is your address so I can send you one of these awesome quilts?
Also, is your concern that someone will get this and be like, oh, this is lovely needle
point.
Flip it over.
What?
That explains it.
Like, I'm pretty sure people won't be confused.
What are some of the other things that S and M are stitched onto?
I mean, the problem...
Thank you, Paul.
Paul's the best.
Other crafts.
What else are we talking about?
I mean, the problem is I got rid of it, but at one point I had a sweater with it on it.
That fucking rules.
I'm sorry.
Everything about your life owns bones.
You do not need our help.
You just wanted to brag and I love it.
I'm into it for sure.
It's very good, but it makes me feel bad and small because your life rules.
Yeah.
I'm scared because she goes to farmer's markets with quilts that say S and M on them.
And she's incredibly successful because her shit rules.
She makes so much money, even more than the bespoke potato guy down the hall.
We have nothing else for you.
Your shit rules.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Well done.
Our mailbox addresses are listed on the website.
I will make sure to send something if I can.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I'm done picking people.
I've done a lot.
Yeah.
You've done good.
I'm going to say this person over here with the hat from Mario, come on down.
The clothes from Mario also, I think.
Yes.
Just a Mario outfit.
Thank you so much.
I'm very into that.
All right.
From the left side.
Okay.
I think it's the Adventure Zone purple shirt with maybe gray hoodie over it, brown hair.
You just look sad.
I'm pointing at you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You.
Yeah.
The person I'm describing.
Whoa.
Okay.
Oh, it's that whole Mario Odyssey cosplay.
I'm so into that because I'm very excited for Mario Odyssey to come out on Friday.
Same.
And you're cosplaying for it like it's like E3, which seems weird, but also I'm so into
it because I saw you and I was like, oh shit, Friday's going to be a very good day.
I work at GameStop.
Thank you.
Oh, cool.
Excellent.
What's your name?
I am Rebecca.
Hi, Rebecca.
What is your name?
My name is Brianna.
Hi, Brianna.
Rebecca.
Let's go.
Here we go.
Like he says.
Here we go.
Yes.
All right.
My name is Rebecca and I work at GameStop and unfortunately I am very small.
Okay.
And sometimes I have to close alone and while I do live in a pretty safe place, one time
we got burgled while I was there alone.
Hey, I hear you.
Let's talk after this.
I was scared pantsless while I was wearing a skirt.
Doesn't matter.
Well, I'm not, I'm not very large and scary like someone that should be.
I wish I was so that I wasn't burgled.
It was only like 50 bucks.
Well, you need to understand.
You weren't targeted.
They weren't like, we're going to rob her.
Even big, strong, tough people who look very scary and intimidating can get robbed working
at GameStop.
It happens to even the toughest, surliest looking bad dudes.
I feel like we could solve this pretty easy Good Will Hunting style by, it's not your
fault that you got robbed at GameStop.
You need to understand that.
It is also your job to not be intimidating and then it's your job to be like, you got
it.
You got it.
Whatever you need.
Absolutely.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Now your question.
Okay.
How do I bulk up fast?
I'm going to go rob a GameStop lane.
Where are some easy ones?
I can tell you one that's a pushover guaranteed.
So what is the question?
I was going to ask, how do I become intimidating without changing my physical self?
No, you don't.
You're approaching this from a, okay, let's do, we'll do yours, but what's, what was your
question?
Okay.
So ever since me and my friends got to our hotel room, weird things have been happening.
Here in Nashville?
Yes.
Okay.
Lights flickering, elevators stuttering, doors getting stuck, and we would just think this
is a sign of a shitty hotel, but there's literally a graveyard across the parking lot.
Hell yeah.
Our hotel room is haunted.
What is the protocol for dealing with this ghost?
Move hotel rooms.
Yeah.
Ask for it.
That's money.
Well, that's money is a really good, that should be a catchphrase of my bim bam for
like the thing you've said won't work.
That's money.
That's money.
Hmm.
Okay.
Which, who can we help?
Shit.
Shit.
Ghosts are real.
Ghosts are real.
Burglary is also wicked real.
Burglary is also real.
It's like a mad real.
I feel like though, if we give advice, anything burgle related that we could be called to
testify at some point in the future.
There is no ghost court, right?
Like we're not gonna, we're not gonna be held liable.
Uh, I don't know.
Anything burgled sucked a lot and, but there's like nothing you, you, all joking aside, there's
nothing you could have done about that.
There's nothing you should have done about that.
So you're like good.
There is no amount of intimidating I think an employee can be that someone who is decided
to rob a store will walk in and go, no, you know what, actually I'll come back tomorrow.
They've already decided to rob it.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
Is that, is that okay?
You're all right.
I hope you're doing okay.
Genuinely.
Yeah.
I just, I don't care if they rob it.
Just not while I'm there.
Well, that's not a great.
Okay.
Thank you so much for coming.
Okay.
You're really embodying the spirit of Mario.
As long as I get to mine.
As long as it happens to Greg.
It's a not me, it's a not me.
Mario it happened again.
Okay.
I was at home.
Go to the cafeteria or whatever at the hotel.
Get some salt, circle of salt, duns out.
Okay.
Because even if it doesn't work, the ghost will see the circle of salt and be like, they
know what's up.
You do not want an active player as a ghost, even if the stuff doesn't work.
You don't want someone who's engaged in battling you.
That's the last thing.
Because if you live forever as a spectral form, I think you're probably going to walk
pretty cautiously when it comes to like, oops, I could get banished.
You're probably pretty careful about that shit.
You see a circle of salt, you're like, not worth it.
So you have to kind of pity a hotel room ghost, because human beings are their absolute worst
in a hotel room.
You would think like, no, at home they're most comfortable.
No, no, no.
I walk in, I throw my stuff around.
I just drop shit, half empty cup, I just fuck it.
It's like not quite rockstar parting, just so much as just like human animal.
Ghostbusters is so buck wild.
Because if you are a spiritual being that can live forever, and you want to probably
protect that, the last thing you're going to want to do is go fight or spook or pull
pranks on the only people that can kill a ghost.
Sorry, that has nothing to do with what you said.
It is true.
It is very true.
It's like, it's weird because any ghost that you see stay to do battle with the Ghostbusters
is fucked up beyond belief.
That's actually like the baddest ghost that you do not want to mess with.
Because there's like four people on earth that can fuck with them, and they are choosing
to pick a fight with those four people.
Just leave.
Just go to like another room or another, just another anywhere.
There's only four of them, and you're in New York.
There's plenty of space.
There's plenty of places to haunt.
Fly up into space.
You're a ghost.
Forget about it.
Do you think the first, like a big group of ghosts like stood against the Ghostbusters?
They're like, we're asking you now.
And then like they busted the first ghost, and like the other six, you were like, shit.
This is not anything.
Circle of Salt.
You're good.
You're good.
That's fine.
Thank you so much.
Glad we could help.
Want to wrap up?
Yeah.
Let's wrap up.
Thank you all so much.
That was very fun, by the way.
I think we're going to do that from now on, but we're going to wrap the show up.
Thank you all so, so, so much for being here.
You all have been so cool.
A couple of things real quick before we go, we forgot to mention this last night.
We'll mention it tomorrow night, too.
But as long as we have a captive audience, we are putting out an Adventure Zone graphic
novel.
Yes.
It's theadventurezonecomic.com.
You all don't know what the Adventure Zone is, but the crowd tomorrow is going to fuck
up.
Yeah.
Also, we do want to say, we already thanked him once.
We'll thank him again.
Paul Seborn.
Thank you, Paul.
Amazing.
Paul should go check out Paul and Storm.
If you aren't already fans, you should become them.
We assume that you are already.
Thank you to Schmanners for opening for us today.
Thank you, Schmanners.
Thank you to the Tennessee Performing Arts Center.
This place is very cool, and I'm very excited that we are doing another show here tomorrow.
Thank you, Nashville.
Thank you, Nashville.
Thank you, Nashville.
Thank you, John Roderick and the Long Winters for the Use Your Theme Song.
It's a departure of the album, Putting the Days to bed.
It's very good.
Thank you to Max Funner for having us.
We mentioned posters by Louis Armstrong.
Thank you, Louis.
Thank you, Max Funner.
Thank you, Max Funner.
Yeah, that's...
Oh, we wish we could, but we are unable to do a meet and greet after the show because
we have another show to do tomorrow, and we have babies and children.
I took a nap backstage.
My body is dead.
That salad revived me, but the salad juice is just gone.
So we won't be able to do that, but you're all great.
We're so sorry that we're old and boring and waxed.
We suck.
Idiots.
How about that...
Half dead.
Thank you.
Thank you. How about this finally a bunch of you met our dad at Walgreens?
That's something right
Like dad wasn't just waiting at Walgreens just like getting band-aids and free nose
whatever the fuck you get just saying zone of truth out loud like somebody might hear that and like
Tomorrow's gonna be fucking cool. Yeah, okay. Go ahead Griff
It's funny. I who is sent in by the delivery man Seth Carlson. Thank you, Seth
Yahoo answers user Dirk who asks
Chris Gaines and Garth Brooks cousins
My name is Justin back at Travis I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist owned
Listener supported our stacks of unread books taking over your apartment. Do you constantly miss your train stop because you're caught up in reading?
I'm Bria Gramps, and I'm Mallory O'Mara. We party hard and by party hard
We mean read books
So join us every Thursday on reading glasses a maximum fun podcast about reading and book culture
Get more out of your reading life will help you conquer your to be read pile get out of that book slump and squeeze more
Reading time into your busy day learn how to read better
