The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
How close do you think you came to just eating? You just almost ate so much shit.
Almost ate it. That would have been so bad.
But it did something for Kelsey Grammer, right? We all remember when he ate shit famously off
that one stage. Next year, Finding Neverland called him up. Hey, are you Fraser and also
the guy who ate shit off that one stage? Love that, dude. Real good. Do you think if you'd
fallen off the stage, Fraser would have called you and said, hey, you're in the club. Welcome
to the club. That's not how the show starts. You're right. So hold on.
Hello and welcome to my brother, my brother meeting advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. And I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
I'm sorry for the faces I made during the first 30 seconds or so of us being on stage.
We ate a lot of velvet taco. But the important thing is not how much we ate, I would argue.
But in fact, the timeline in which we ate it because it arrived five minutes ago.
We slammed it. We have been making noises that are not the traditional toots and burps,
but new sounds, exciting sounds from new places. New fresh sounds. If you fill the bagpipe with
Jell-O and maybe some Gak from the 90s. We made a glomp. It came from my chest.
My elbow made a slurp sound. We had a this is not a joke. We had a pretty serious two minute
conversation backstage where we try to think if we can make a bit out of us needing like five
minutes just to sit up here while you talk amongst yourselves to digest. And we promised like we'd
like we get you back at the end. We'd go longer. Like we weren't wasting your time. We just needed
some time up here. So far here in Dallas, we did the Adventure Zone last night and
thank you very much. It's a D&D podcast that we. Well, it's an RPG podcast. But it's been a very
eventful two days. So we did the show and also there was like some kind of. There was like a
college prom last night, like an SMU formal at our hotel, literally outside my window. And y'all,
our nation is facing a crisis. And it's that there hasn't been a party rock anthem released
in like eight years because they were playing no joke fucking back to back shots. Yeah. Gangnam
style. Yeah. And it's like, are we just done? Did Side Do Gangnam style? And we're like,
that's it. No more party rock. To be fair. Yeah. Oh, they also played party rock.
Um, but another night, Joe. So Conight Joe was in there also, which is. Yeah. But what you're
wondering about, sometimes dad comes to us before we go on stage. Like when we first arrive in a
city, it usually is within the first 12 hours of arriving on the scene. Dad comes to us and he says,
Hey, I've got your pre-show bit. And he doesn't say it in those words. He says it with other
words. But what we hear is, Hey, good news. Your pre-show bit is settled. Our dad brushed his teeth
with capsaicin cream. So what's that? And you don't know capsaicin is a,
it's a cream people use for pain relief. And the capsaicin is of course the same chemical in very
hot peppers. And here's the thing. When papa told us that I would have equally believed the mistake
or I was curious. Yeah. I wanted to try. I want it. I just wanted to find out. Let me find out.
Maybe he did it for his sons who he loves so they can have a good intro bit for podcasts.
That would be the only thing to explain why he does it every fucking time. Well, and this is
the thing. New creams I should know, not always capsaicin. It's always some different cream. I
think that this is very insightful to see like the, the chain from our dad to us because how it works,
your story goes in here. So dad will do something embarrassing and then tell us in an embarrassed
way, but then get a funny reaction to it. And eventually he's bragging about it to people.
Where he'll say like, I don't tell people about how I brush my teeth with capsaicin.
It's actually very instructive in your own life. If you have shame,
try to own it like our dad does. Yeah. Our dad's like, if our dad fucks up super bad,
he feels bad about it. And by the end of the week, he's like, could we do a t-shirt of this
bad thing that I did? This bad fuck up that I fucked up. It's a good launch pad for your children's
careers too. I don't even know if he was thinking about it that way. For instance, 20 years ago when
he cut his butt wide open with a window scream and had to duct tape it shut with a maxi pad.
I don't know if he was thinking about it when he did it like, oh, they're going to love this though.
I don't know if he was thinking about it when he held a huge tray of cold cuts and a truck
drove past him so close that it hit him with the side view mirror and sent fucking ham flying
everywhere. Now I know what you're asking. Where was he? How close do you have to be to have cold
cuts and truck? I think it was just like at the park. Who was in the wrong place? The truck or
our dad? I have a very clear memory of being like 12 years old and driving to the hospital
and a lady that dad worked with was praying over him and I can very much remember thinking,
he does not deserve that. Ma'am, please do not bother God with this, okay? What happened?
The truck and cold cut. That is the first time I've heard that one. That was me. I'm trying to
launch a comedy podcast up here. See you in 20 years, boys. Wait, what? What? So anyway, we do-
We are going to be making a ham delivery tomorrow and get hit by one big truck and it'll be a
beautiful karmic moment. So as you've almost certainly guessed, we do an advice show. Untraditional,
but you want to start with the Yahoo? I do want to start with the Yahoo. This one was
This one was sent in by Merit Palmer. Thank you, Merit. It's Yahoo Answers User? Question mark?
But not like it's not loading properly. That's their fucking name. That's what they've gone with.
Question mark asks, I have an idea for a syrup. How can I go about selling it commercially?
You've heard of maple syrup. Have you heard of weeping willow syrup? It's a new ex- It doesn't
have syrup in it. How did you- I squeezed it so hard. I don't even think this person has gotten
to the production stage. Yeah. It sounds like what they have done and said, I know a flavor I like
is tomatoes. I know I love the viscosity of syrup. How can I bring these two things together?
There's that one weeping willow- Honey, honey, wake up. I've done it. Stone syrup. What? Stone
syrup. What's the most expensive substance on earth? Diamonds. I'd like to talk to you today.
It looks like Mark is going to be a good guy. He's going to be a good guy.
It looks like Mark's out. He does not want to invest in diamond syrup.
I have a new idea for syrup. Have we not explored all of the syrup that there is? Apparently not.
Because here's the thing, if this is just like add flavor to it like blueberry, it's maple syrup,
but with blueberry in it, that's nothing. That's nothing. I can do that. We're all doing our own
flavor experiments at home with syrup all the time. What is this new syrup that's going to
change the fucking game? Maybe it's not the flavor. It is the practical use case of the syrup.
Engine syrup. Engine syrup. Make your car go zoom. Make your car sweet. Sweet operation on this car.
Edible. Edible engine syrup. Finally. Any time- You ever pour motor oil in your car and think,
fuck, that looks good? Listen, we've all been there. Now it's engine syrup we've rebranded.
Can we frame it so that your car is a hungry mouth and then all the stuff you put into it
is food for car? Listen, we got engine syrup. We got go soup. We got it all. We got bottom donuts.
What are tires? Yes. Okay. I call those bottom donuts now. That sounds deeply sexual. Yes. Yes.
That's part of the appeal. It's going to make it pop on the aisle of the Pep Boys. That's very on
trend with millennials. We need tires. These bottom donuts cost $200 more than the tires.
That's right. They're so sexual. I know you meant like A-I-S-L-E of the Pep Boys,
but what I heard was aisle of the Pep Boys. Welcome to Pep Boys aisle. Can you survive?
There's three of us and one of you. Do the math.
How about a question? The problem with new syrup. Okay.
If you're saying what the name of it is, it's going to be confusing if it goes on that thing
or not. Maple syrup, no one thinks, oh, I'm going to put syrup on a maple. That doesn't make any
sense. What? Hot dog syrup is like- Oh, shit. Is this flavored like a hot dog in syrup form
or is this syrup for my hot dog? That's the biggest problem with hot dog syrup. I absolutely agree.
Yeah. No matter which way that cookie crumbles, it's going to be a hard pass.
Yes. It's going to be a firm no. What if it's good?
You didn't tell me it was good hot dog syrup.
No, it's obviously good hot dog syrup. Does that mean the hot dog syrup is good
or that it was expressed from good hot dog? If the hot dog syrup isn't good,
why is Mark Cuban giving me all this money? He loves it.
Here's a question from somebody here. Recently, my boyfriend started up a blogging platform
for reviewing pizza from local establishments. Everything from the info pages to the username
are pizza themed. The problem is he doesn't review the pizza, but instead reviews the
establishment's features and amenities such as the civil ware, table mats, and bathrooms.
He usually concludes the review with a single sentence about the pizza.
Yep. Usually something brief and simple like the margarita pizza was okay.
How do I help him improve his platform's reach and review quality while hinting to him
that not even trying to review the pizza he eats at different locations is probably not the best
idea? That's from Frustrated and Flower Mound. Are you here? Okay, wait. Hold on. Hello. Thank you
for coming. Thank you. Thank you for being here. Thank you for buying a ticket. Thank you for
sending in a question. I do have to ask, is boyfriend here? Okay. This fucking kills me,
so I guess you found a way to tell him, huh? Fuck. You're just going to fucking enlist me
in your struggles, okay? What I got here is step one. Now he had to hear it from his all-time hero,
okay? Great. It's the opposite of hitting a home run for the sick kid in the hospital.
This is the opposite. It's hitting it, but it smashes through the window and hits the sick kid
because everybody else is going to love the great home run. Except for that one.
You have one crazy long hair. Are you seeing this shit? Whoa. Holy shit. Don't derail the show.
They're not going to be able to enjoy that. Get it out. Get it out. It was so long. Here's the
thing. Question asker, you are wrong. Sorry. Sorry. And boyfriend blogger is right. It sounds
great. Honestly, it sounds great. Because that's all I want. When I go on Yelp, I don't care about
the fucking food. Charles Dickens could write a book called A Tale of Three Pizzas in which he
takes 600 pages to describe the three most lovely pizzas he's ever eaten. That's not going to put
the fucking pizza in my mouth, Charles. All I need is one sentence that's just, is it good or is it
okay or is it bad? And then if you want to dedicate a whole blog post to, for instance, do the locks
on the bathroom doors work properly, now you're in my fucking wheelhouse. Not only do they fucking
work, but does it look like they've put six different lock options and only one of them works?
I don't trust that shit. Only one of them works? This is all I think about any time I go. I scope
out the B room and I make sure that it's good for me. Six locks and only one of them works?
What makes me think that sixth one is not going to give out during my tenure? That actually,
we're going to get back to this in one second. I did want to briefly derail. Right before the show,
I walked out. There's a long hall away from our dressing room that goes to the bathroom
and there was a security guard sitting in the hall. So don't fucking try anything. Nice try.
And as I passed him, I'm sort of, I don't know what to, I always feel indebted. Like thank you
for, thank you for your service, for protecting my life. So I give him like a, I told, I actually
told him I just ate too many tacos. And then I was going, I went to the bathroom and the bathroom
didn't have a lock on it. And then I was like, well, I don't know what to do. And then I was
like, well, there's that security guard. And it's not exactly clear what he's guarding,
but if he's trying to guard me and your treasure and my sort of continued existence,
I did go back out and ask him like, if you do see anybody, if anybody, if anybody's coming this way,
just give him a heads up. Cause I have no lock. I don't think he said, yeah, why do you think I'm
here? That's why I'm here, Justin. Don't worry about it. To guard your bathroom experience. Yeah, dude. I know.
I know. Yeah, dude. Don't tell me how to do my job. When I'm looking up restaurant reviews,
all I care about is like, I need a whole review that's just like, you won't regret coming here.
And I don't mean the food. I mean you, Travis McElroy, will feel like you've made the right choice.
The right choice. Oh boy. If you could have it in review whether or not there is check candy.
So you know going in that you're going to get check candy. Would you want that? I think I would. But wait.
Isn't that a spoiler? Isn't that very exciting? One of the few joys of adult life
when the check comes, you're like, oh, but then there's like an Andes mint. So you're like, okay.
Oh, but it could also be. Free food. Nice. I guess I got one over on you. Well, I guess I will be
having dessert tonight. Yeah. Unless. Unless. It's one of those green mints and you don't know whether
it's tropical flavored or spearmint. No stars. Great ambiance. Pizza's the best I've ever eaten.
They gave me one of those tricky mints. I will tell you what would give me a no star review right off
the bat. No clear indication as to whether I should ask for the check or walk up and pay at the counter.
That is a that is a no star review for me right there. I can't. I've sat at a table for 20 minutes
because there's nothing worse than the fear of like just going up to somebody like here is this
is this for you? Are you an adult? Are you? Can you handle this? I just want to go fix for me.
Thanks for Justin. Here is money. Justin give money. You let leave. And have you ever noticed
that when you do get it wrong and you try to give your waitress some money, they will fucking
destroy every time they are so pleased to be able to say, oh no, no, no, no, no. You're gonna have
to march up there and face what you did alone and buy some chiclets too. I have a yahoo here.
This one was uh sent in by Adrian Cowles. Thank you Adrian. Sent in a ton of good ones. Thank you.
It's from cool cat 4567. Who had to whose fucking house was on fire but they just had to pick a yahoo
name real fast. Cool cat 4567. Cool cat's taking shit. Get the dog. I'm a cool cat. What else matters?
I touched a supposedly haunted piano that didn't know was haunted. Am I screwed?
Okay wait. Read it one more time. Yeah there's something. I touched I touched a supposedly
haunted piano comma that didn't know was haunted comma am I screwed? Are they saying
is this another hot dog syrup situation? No are they saying the piano didn't know it was haunted?
Like the piano is haunted but the piano is not aware of a haunting status? Okay okay there's
no such thing as a piano ghost which is to say a piano that gets killed in a terrible passion and
then levitate spirit. A piano but what about those pianos that like fall when they're trying to
hoist it up? Still no spectral energy latent spectral energy inside the piano. Now a human ghost
gets put in the piano. Now we're talking. Now we're cooking baby. Now we've got a little
ferro vehicle. Do they know that they're a piano? Second question does the piano know it's a ghost?
You know one funny thing about me hey other fellow living humans one weird thing about me
is when people tickle me I sing beautiful music. I had not words just kind of a beautiful music
kind of a bing bing bing. I love that this could be one of those good ghost movies and he's trying
to like tell his wife and kids I love you I miss you I'm sorry about the big wreck I did that I
beefed it. It's so bad on the carpet. And they see him and then he's like wait I love you I have so
much in me but then the wife and kids just here run away. No! And so he literally has to be
self-taught how to play piano. Yes backwards because he's inside. By the way Black Mirror
season five trademark trademark trademark. Obviously we're gonna sell it. I've got it I've got
it I've got it I've got the setup. Piano falls from a crane crushes a person they rebuild the
piano. Fusion! They rebuild the piano what's that now the spear or maybe the whole person's in there
I don't know how good they are at rebuilding pianos. Maybe it's every time you hit that the
second octave f sharp key you see your person like I'm in this one. I'm sorry Steve you're
half piano half man now you're a piano man. Yeah I can now sing us a song.
He's piano man but he does have a gun that comes out of his leg and he uses to shoot burps it's
weird it's not connected he actually had that before the accident before the accident and we
thought this made sense because you were already part robot. Hey piano man is actually pretty good
like uh ghost that's half piano half man that's actually pretty good. Yeah good joke. TM TM no
no no like good idea to sell. Oh okay. I was thinking people always tell us we don't appreciate
Travis's jokes enough and so I wanted to put a pin in this one so that they would stop telling me
that. Hang a lantern on it. Oh need a bit. One sec real quick drink all right I'm ready to do more
podcast. Okay and we're back. Hello welcome back you've joined us already in progress.
Okay I'll take I'll take drinks more often then. My boss has a habit of coming out of his office
into the bullpen loudly saying a single word then returning to his office. Mostly these words
pertain to our work. Meeting. Parking. Cash. Cattle. Cattle. Okay. Cattle. We gotta park the cows.
She bull. Whoa boss. Uh but yesterday. Scannered. Free bird. Yesterday I was having lunch and
eating a slice of homemade cake at my desk. My boss walked past my cubicle and shouted cake
and stood there. Nice. I made awkward eye contact for about 15 seconds and said
yes and then turned around. 15 seconds is the perfect comedy amount of time to have waited
for that answer. Actually you know what I'm just going to use the the timer right here. Oh Jesus
Christ. Travis this is what that would have felt like okay. I'll be the person and you be the boss
okay. Ready. Cake. Yes. It's perfect. And that's 15 seconds of podcast that we don't have to do.
It's just done. We'll edit that down when you listen to it at home later. It'll it'll be more
like eight seconds. Um I made uh and then I turned around my chair and I ate my cake while not looking
up to make further eye contact. So you don't know how much longer the boss was there. Days.
Uh did my boss want some of my cake? Did he want a conversation about the cake?
Brothers what should I do next time he addresses one of these one-word shouts in my direction?
That's from Caked and Confused in Cowtown. Maybe your boss had only ever read about cake but never
actually seen it. There is. Cake. There's that fluffy stuff. And then when you confirmed his
identification. Yes. Nailed it. Nice. Great. No because if that was the case like nobody hears
about cake their whole life sees cake for the first time and is like all right bye anyway cool
I'm gonna walk away with that taste of that wonderful stuff. I want I wish that the boss
would move to next cubicle and just be like cereal. Or cake. No not at this one. No cake here.
Keep looking. No. And then somebody's like eight cubicles down eating cake like oh fuck.
Is it possible that this is not just a boss but it is a boss baby? Or
a big situation? Or both big boss baby? Yeah. Which is the premise of the question we're talking
about now and also the villain of the next Metal Gear Solid game. Very excited about that.
Just confirmed actually. Just confirmed. A big boss baby baby climbed up into the Zoltan machine
because that's what they do. I've had a baby for 16 months now I get like nine ten claw machines
can't take this kid to a Dave and Buster's. One time he got stuck in two different claw machines
at one Dave and Buster's trip. What am I supposed to do? Stop going to Dave and Buster's?
Watch your kid? Come on. Got blown up into Tom Hanks. Showed up to work the next day.
Apple. No. What? What? Juice. Do you want juice? You want juice? Juice.
Juice. Yes you want juice. Apple. Apple. Do you want apple juice or do you want an apple?
Cake. Cake. No. No. No. What are you even saying no to?
You're my boss. Boss? You can't cry in front of me. You're my boss.
Boom boom. Did you did you make boom boom? You're my boss. I don't have to clean that up. Yes.
This is the role Tom was born to play. Now in order for this to work. The role that Tom Hanks
was born to play was in the music video for I Really Really Like You. Every other role has been
ancillary. It has to be like a couple times it's really paid off and they're like this guy's got
some great idea so it's like I don't know we need to get some new computers for the office but what
kind should we get? Apple. Hey. Hey all right. Good idea. And the year is 1983 so he's like very.
Yeah it's cutting edge. Sort of out in front of it. Computers I mean. And this man's name was
Steve Jobs. And they were like what's an apple computer and he's like exactly. Welcome to the
future start making them. How about a yahoo? Yeah let's hit the yahoo. I get nervous. Yeah I just.
Now here's where I get nervous because we're about halfway through what we're calling act
one of tonight's festivities and usually that's where you say yeah Griffin go ahead and do your
work up there and then I start doing my work and you're tapping on the iPad a lot. This just popped
up. I just got a notification this just popped up. Wait what app do you get ghost notification
haunted doll notifications? If I told you then everybody would get it and the segment wouldn't
be special anymore. Okay. It's Google Maps. It's Google Maps. It's April Fool's thing they're
doing. Haunted porcelain doll with orbs slash paranormal slash stunning.
We never we talk about the orbs so much we never talk about how beautiful these dolls are.
She's about to condition all caps in quotes exclamation point. Wonderful.
Okay what does that mean? What a haunted doll. The condition of this doll is wonderful.
Um first off check out the orbs.
I had a mouth full of drink when you check the peep the orbs. Check out those or those orbs though.
Like a 1980s music video. What those orbs do though. They'll fuck with your remote control.
They'll fuck with your remote control. You cannot get this hung up on each line because it is like
there's other journeys to go on here. This doll looks just like a real little girl.
Such a realistic face. An absolutely gorgeous doll. Her pictures do not do her justice. Hey lady
she's got a beauty that moves. Hey lady if the pictures don't do her justice take more pictures.
It's a doll. It doesn't mind. Take more pictures until you get a picture that does it justice.
Get some glamour shots. Here's a doll from an investigation in Savannah Georgia. Cold spots
are often found in the room that she's placed in. Also thumping in the middle of the night.
I have captured orbs in second photo so check it out.
They want to make sure you've seen the orbs. We have also seen. We are currently reading more of
the description without going to look at the orbs though which is kind of speaks to what we do on
the show with Hanna doll watch that somebody's just said I captured ghost orbs in a photo and
Justin said I'll get to those ghost orbs later. I have to keep reading. Okay well then I say I'm
gonna have to go. I'm gonna. What are you typing? What could you control F ghost or I'm picking out
the second image. Whoa check out those orbs. The orbs are not fucking anything. It's there's not
a lens flare. I mean you all won't you know how every JJ Abrams movie is haunted. It's just a
lens flare on the orb. It's nothing. You do photoshop effects generate orbs. Those photos do
not do her justice. The photos don't do her justice. I can say that for sure. EVPs have been
okay sorry I got tripped up but we have also seen her slightly moved to the side at times all on
her own. She's a very beautiful doll. She has these very long golden locks of hair. EVPs have
been recorded from her in the past. We believe she's a girl from around the age of nine. We
this is the part of Haunted Doll Watch where we just. It gets sad in the middle. We have tried to
communicate with her and asked her how she passed. We also received one EVP saying car. Okay. And
another saying ham. So we believe it she talks about her car a lot. This is what it says. She
talks about her car a lot. If you wish to adopt her into your home she can be yours. She also has
an adorable giggle. Perhaps adorable is not what you would associate with a ghost giggle from a
doll. Be prepared exclamation point no fucking context whatsoever. Just says be prepared. Make
sure to put a towel in a cardboard box for her to live in. Because who knows. She needs a loving home
so don't adopt her unless you're going to be good to her. Oh you don't fucking care. If she only
pays the I'm going to guess thirty one dollars for this doll. You don't fucking care what kind
of home it goes to. There's no screening process. By the way hundred dollars. Oh that's about it
now. Thank you. My mistake. It is a beautiful. It is wild though. It's like be good to her. She's
like one of my children. Anyway I'm going to put her up for sale on the Internet. Is that how you're
good to people. Do you think is putting the children for sale on the Internet. Be good to
her. Be prepared. Be prepared. Be prepared. And then this is another complete sentence. It just says
nice big doll. If you're worried about it being haunted but being too small don't worry about
that here. She's a nice big doll. Ghosts got a lot of elbow room. She is about a 24 inch doll
from the top of the hat down. Thank you for clarifying because if I had gotten the doll and
said well yeah if you count the hat I wanted a two foot tall doll. I could put my own hat on.
Great. Just imagine I think for context the eyes of the doll would be just over the top of our table.
Yeah. This is maybe. Picture it. And the orbs would be fucking crazy.
This is maybe the most perplexing sentence in the whole thing. You're fucking kidding me. There's
more perplexing stuff. Yeah this one's really perplexing. She's an expensive doll. Sells for
around 300 to 400 dollars. Apparently not. I mean right. Like apparently not because you are selling
it for 100 dollars. So like apparently not. Does having a ghost in the doll make it worth less.
Less. Is it less valuable to capture a spectral ghost. If there was an antiques road show where
they brought on a doll and the doll was like I don't know old and nice and belonged to you know
Lincoln. And they were like wow I've never seen a doll in this. Is this Lincoln's. Yes. This has got
to be worth a million dollars. Well one thing. Great condition. Beautiful doll. Big old doll.
Big nice big. Nice big doll. Be prepared. There's a ghost in there. Are we still in a mint situation.
Are we down to like. Oh it's like when someone cleans the patina off of the thing and they're
like now if there wasn't a ghost in there. Yeah. It would be like three thousand to four thousand
dollars. But with the ghost 20 bucks. I just feel like if you're the sort of person that would be
concerned about the presence of a ghost in a doll is more of a binary thing right. Like it's not going
to affect the sale price. It's going to be like no probably not. I don't actually think so because
it's haunted and the home is where I live. So I don't think so. Can I do yahoo.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Guess. Who did you just check with. Death. Okay. Thank you daddy. It's yahoo answers.
No not the user but Adrian Cowell sent this one in too. Thank you Adrian. It's yahoo answers. Well
technically I think if you go on yahoo to find yahoo's for this show. You're a part of the
fucking community. And I'm saying that risking losing all of these good folks who are doing
this work for us but it calls them like I see them. User CPC 26 CA. This one's just fucking diarrhea.
The other one at least had some direction. I am a cool cat. These are four sequential numbers.
Maybe this is like a license plate. Maybe there's a code in there. It means something.
I'm not going to do this joke. Am I. We can do that. Am I allowed to bring my Rubik's cube
to a football game. Legally. Yes. Should that change. Yes. Imagine you just did one of the
best touchdowns ever. Wait give me a second. They fumbled it. You ran it all the way back.
One yard line. You fumbled it. They ran it back. Another fumble. You ran it back. Longest touchdown
run in history. Incredible. You're living your dream. Right. Your hands in the air.
You're living it. And then you look in the stands and there's just one person like hmm.
Hmm. Fine. Anyway back to my puzzle. And that person was my football teacher.
My football teacher Malcolm McDowell.
All I wanted was for him to give me a certificate that said football grand master.
Dude's got a fucking spiral on him though like I'll show you an outlier.
Boom 130 yards. That's Malcolm Gladwell. Oh shit. I'm sure they get that all the time.
I'll go get in the box. You you you shouldn't. If people are trying. They're performers.
They're putting on a show just for you. You realize that's the only point. Okay okay okay.
But in one four downs of football. Uh huh. There's only like eight seconds of football
actually being played. And then it's like a half minute of like figuring out what the next one's
going to be. Which is astounding to me because how many variations can there possibly be?
You either throw it or you run with it or you kick it right? Am I missing something?
There's so much. But there's a lot of down times. There's also Griffin there's also the
times where you hide it under your jersey and pretend you're pregnant. That's a fourth category
is I think fun-em-ups like are we going to run pass kick or do a funny fun one. So you're mighty
ducks. Sounds like a mighty ducks fun one. Here go big greens. Did you guys remember there's a part
in mighty ducks where Gordon Bombay gets mad at them for doing too many fun ducks stunts?
It's like hey Gordon we're trying to enjoy the movie. Can you not get mad at them for having
some fun with the hockey tricks? Whenever they call a timeout. Yeah. Which in a sport if you
call a timeout that's basically you saying like we fucked up and we need to fix it right? And
that's disrespectful of my time in the stands. I want to have some busy work. I want to if not
have the whole time to play a game of Pokemon trading cards at least get my deck in order.
At least solve one face of the Rubik's Cube. Are we running a danger though going up on the
Jumbotron of the first period? Look at this nerdlinger. And then second period let's check
back in. Oh yikes. Having a rough time there Griffin. It's all about the snake pattern. Do
you need me to come down there and do it for you? And then you see you see one of the angels in the
outfield behind him like no he's got it. He can do it. He's got. Okay now turn. Oh fuck no what
was it? Uh let me do it. Shit. Uh. Let me solve it. God? Not mine. I can't figure those. Those are
wild man. I don't know shit about those things. You know those the devil. Surprise. Um do we have
time for one more? You wanna do another yahoo? Yes. And we're not leaving. Yeah. We're not leaving yeah
we're just gonna pee. Um I can do it. I actually have a very good yahoo here. Okay. If I could do
two in a row that's okay with everybody here. I kid you not Adrian Kells also sent this one in.
Absolutely fucking crushed it. It's by question mark. Probably a different one. This time I think
it was it didn't load because it's a a bad website. Uh they asked what are we gonna have
for breakfast in 100 years from now? Thanks. Whatever it is it's gonna have good hot dog
syrup on it. The finest. What I really like is I obviously they're asking like human beings but
what it could also be it's like hey what do you guys want to have for breakfast 100 years from
now? I just want to start planning now. Let's go ahead and get it out in front of it. It may be
weird to think it's human beings because it could also be talking to the answer could be us by robots.
Right. Humans. But assuming it's not about humans and we're still ruling shit 100 years from now
no way. Um what are we gonna eat 100 years from future? Answer obvious ones. Computer eggs.
X1. Are those eggs computers like? Kind of cyber cyber bacon. Cyber bacon.
Oh man. Amazon toast.
I I hope that in 100 years I will be able to vape all my meals. That is why I want to get
vape nutrients. I want vape. I don't just want vape nutrients. I want vape satisfaction. I want
a filling. I went to we went to Edith's uh Edith's cafe with the french stuff. As good as hell. As
good as hell but I wish I had vaped it. I want that level of satisfaction. What I want and I know
this is a long way off but what I want is a drone that will come to me and like bring me french toast
while I sleep and open my mouth and put it in my mouth move my chin up and down massage my throat
so I swallow it and I can just keep sleeping. And it would need to know your favorite song that it
could play you if you wake up in the middle of this process. And a super sharp hypodermic needle
so you wouldn't even notice the injection going in. Yeah. With the nanobots. I mean it'll be
imagery right? Oh it just flashes flashes at you. Pictures of the food. Oh what a good picture. What
a good picture. A delicious picture. Thank you the future. What if you could um. Oh yeah. Everybody
stand back. Justin's got it. Stand back. He's about to dunk. Please don't. If you're sitting
in the first three rows you may get wet. Please don't make a big deal out of it. Please. Please
stop. Don't make a big deal out of it. Can we get the house lights up. I'm gonna take a big drink.
No put the house lights. Yeah no let him see it. Let him see it. I'm not looking you can't make me look.
Justin you gotta look dog. It's gonna be so good. Your great joke is gonna.
All right now we're gonna count it down. I can't wait listen before I say this one.
Let y'all know we got merch in the lobby. Oh yeah we're gonna. Oh let's do that. Let's
walk out after this. We're gonna come back after an intermission and do audience questions. We're
gonna have a lot of fun in the second half of the show after we get the great walk off
from Justin's joke which better not stink. So make sure you try to see it in the second half.
Uh so yeah Justin that joke and let's get ready. Wouldn't it be great if.
Wouldn't it be great if you could eat a jif of jif.
Hey everybody it's Griffin and I'm here editing the episode while the other boys are
out playing with a kite even though it's my birthday and I'm the one who should be out there
with the kite and they're the ones who are actually out there doing you know kite stunts
and that's my favorite thing but whatever. I'm gonna do the the ads real quick and let you get
back to the rest of the episode. Thank you to Dallas and Houston for having us this past weekend.
Sorry the episode's a bit late. We didn't get it up yesterday because we were still traveling and
then I got it up late today because it's my freaking birthday. So huff it if you got a
problem. I'm sorry. Anyway our first ad here is for Zip Recruiter. Are you hiring because
posting your job to job sites and waiting it stinks and you shouldn't have to do it. It should
be illegal actually to ask people to do it. So Zip Recruiter they revolutionized hiring. Their
technology finds great candidates for you. It learns what you're looking for, identifies people
with the right expertise, and invites them to apply for your job. Right now our listeners can
try Zip Recruiter. Am I saying that right? Yes. Zip Recruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com
slash my brother. That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother. Zip Recruiter the smartest way to hire.
I also want to tell you all about Bowl and Branch. You're never gonna agree on everything with
everyone but I think everyone can agree. I'm just counter counter contradicting what I just said but
I think we can all agree you could all use a little bit more sleep. Getting a great night's
sleep is easier and more affordable than you think. You just got to change your sheets.
So you should check out Bowl and Branch. We got some Bowl and Branch sheets and I'm telling you
it's like sleeping on a dream cloud. And what's that? Well it's um you know how when you dream
and you sweat and that sweat evaporates goes up and makes the softest clouds up in heaven for God
to lay down on. Anyway their sheets are made out of 100% organic cotton which means they start out
soft and get even softer over time. They got thousands of five-star reviews even three years
even three US presidents sleep on Bowl and Branch sheets. Shipping's free and you can try them for
30 nights. If you don't love them you could send them back for a full refund. To get you started
right now our listeners can get $50 off your first set of sheets at bowlandbranch.com promo
code my brother. Go to bowlandbranch.com today for $50 off your first set of sheets that's B-O-L-L
and branch.com promo code my brother bowlandbranch.com promo code my brother. See you there
on the website uh their forums are amazing very active user there um hey can you do me a favor
for this Jumbotron? Can you listen to Lawn Care and toss them a like on the book which I guess
means Facebook um or just get any book and open it up to a random page and write how much you like
Lawn Care that's a band. This is actually also kind of a message for the band Lawn Care they say
thank you for showing me my bim bam and for being the most righteous band. I hope everyone checks out
your good good music and I promise I'll move to Pittsburgh someday. I miss all of you dearly and
I hope you continue to be nice and try hard. Spider house forever. Love the Baja Blasters.
Is that another band? That's also a very very good band name. Also who sold a house to a spider?
What did they pay him with dead flies? Anyway this is a message for Rhiannon and it's from
Raman who says happy birthday sweetie or maybe memorial day or national strawberry rhubarb pie
day which is June 9th mark mark your calendars whatever is appropriate right now thanks for
introducing me to the McRoy so now we have a podcast empire to obsess about and to alienate
any friends who don't listen to this wonderful family that's their problem not ours it could
you could you make it your problem and like talk to them no you've done enough thank you so much
for supporting the show and thank you to everybody who helped support the show during the max fun
drive you all once again year after year crushed it and we appreciate y'all so much and yeah we've
got if you missed out on our shows here in Dallas and Houston we got shows coming up all over this
this nation of ours you can find links at McElroy shows.com tours just just about to head up to St
Louis and Detroit and Columbus so that's coming up real soon so if you live near there and want to
come see us there's I think tickets still available to all three at McElroy shows.com tours
and yeah I'm gonna let you get back to the rest of the episode hope you enjoy it and we'll be
back next week bye how's it going everyone I'm Oliver Wang and I'm Morgan Rhodes we have a brand
new show on the maximum fun network that we'd love to share with you it's called Heat Rocks Morgan
we should probably explain what a heat rock is it is a banger a fire track track track track
fire track true fire right dope album each episode we will bring on a special guest to join us to
talk about one of their heat rocks it might be a musician a writer maybe a scholar I mean I would
have been happy to just talk to you about your heat rocks but this is a different show yeah I
think people might enjoy hearing maybe the guests instead to do that you'll have to go to maximum
fun.org so if you want to talk about hot music you should check us out heat rocks it's time to
enter the gauntlet for you and for us lock the doors the gauntlet is our gauntlet it's not
your gauntlet it's not a competition although there will be a winner and there will be a loser
uh I'll do the pitch so here's the thing we're going to choose two people to come to the
microphones they are going to tell us their names if they want to give us their pronouns
if they're comfortable with that we love that if you if you see that as a uh hilarious rich vein
of goofs don't that won't that won't go well for you trust and let me double down on that if you
then see griffin saying don't make a joke out of it as a challenge of like oh but I think I still
can we we are in the meat space this is not twitter we have microphones here uh so the uh and uh you'll
give us your questions and uh we will choose the person not the person with like the zaniest or
the funniest just the person we can help the most because honestly our toolbox you can't see it it's
behind the table it's fairly small it's a limited also two rules other rules you know the first one
that was no bummers if you have trouble making out a million voices at once that's right there's a
million people here you all have set the world attendance record for and number two that mark
marin number two number two our constant enemy and number two have it be a question and not just
like a fun story or like a fun thing you saw okay if the ending of your question is am i good
okay can we get house lights up and we're gonna start picking folks oh don't get up and dance
around we just raise your hand and we will wow there's a big theater full house lights i think
it's and maybe a little bit less stage lights okay hey what's up uh hi i'm sarah i'm super
nervous um it's okay sarah you got this so my husband and i go to our local grocery store
um pretty regularly buy groceries um good thing to do there for sure we can no longer go to the
meat and seafood count counter there because the employee that is always there does not know how
that exchange is supposed to work money for meat has been my understanding what is their
understanding they hand you money do you have meat for me i don't know where we get the meat
i just assume we buy it from people who come here it's a trading post i'm like an npc in a
role playing game yes i will take your stringy buzzard meat here's 20 coin so it's worse than
that actually um it's worse than that that was a joke go on so uh my husband and i didn't realize
that this was happening to both of us until we both came home and complained about it um well
ask for our meat or our seafood and he'll come out to give it to us and when we go to grab for
it he'll pull it back and go too slow every time every time like we separately can count three or
four times a piece okay sarah just hang tight sarah you've been through a lot okay hang on
just hang in there one more second okay all right this is really scary wow i know imagine being us
good point um so my name's adam i use they them pronouns what's up adam
um so my question is kind of weird so like for for preface my dad's super affirming it's not
the first time i've come out to him before um i'm really exceedingly queer in every way um
and but my question is though is i have yet to come out to him as gender fluid now the thing
is about coming out is that it's always a weird process even when it's affirming and i know the
person is going to be affirming so my question is what's a really funny way to come out to my dad
is gender fluid all right bye justin i'm trying to come up with questions we're less equipped to
answer adam and frankly right now i'm drawing a blank hold on okay let me check the toolbox
hold on let me look at the toolbox one sec oh no there's just a sandwich in here why didn't we only
bring a sandwich oh no that's a that's a toffee adam that's so hard because you have to understand
you're asking us to come up with funny adam i don't add
where you need to think about jiff and jiff again adam here's the thing one day you'll be able to
eat a jiff of jiff if that's still if that's become memetic yet maybe oh that's it lead with
that when you're talking to your dad like hey dad what if one day dad i have went also yeah we're
gonna help adam real quick just go to your dad and say listen i have two really funny things to
tell you you're gonna love them both equally the second one isn't a joke and the first one is
they're not both funny okay let me start over dad i'm sorry just let me leave the room and
walk back in you're reading like this off a sheet of paper that you've transcribed of this exact
podcast episode and i think that's gonna go real good so thank you adam i think we're
we're doing both yeah we're doing both thank you adam adam thank you so much does that help
wait hold on adam does that help maybe thank you adam you are going to have to train mind body
so that here's my 20 let me get those uh little shrimp and he goes all right here
and then he says you're ready you're and then you have to work now you're the meat yeah my husband's
actually tried that move to like and it did not go over damn the back ramp to beef everywhere
okay here's what so you're saying it's literally impossible to be faster than this guy like we
either have to like go out of our way to go to a different grocery store or become vegetarians
wow wow what uh one of my favorite things about having a baby is like to see uh humanity condensed
into but because it's as much personality but in a very small thing and now when people do that
like oh oh my baby's face is what every human being feels when that happens but unfiltered it's just
and it's the best because it's like yeah that's what i feel hey you're gonna need if you if
reflexes aren't getting it done and i still think y'all could push it a little bit harder
you're gonna need like a a blow gun with some sort of neurotoxin or you're gonna have to partner
with your husband right so you're standing there the person reaches out then what's that your
husband comes and the meat and the meat salesman goes clever folks and then and then you eat him
yeah no not like that no wait uh does that help or what if what if and you just wait oh
ice them out
oh or you have your own bag of meat that you brought from home and you hold it up
and he's like and you say same time and like indiana jones it
okay he goes back to get the meat from the meat room when he comes back you're not there
guess that's his problem now do any of those help i like travis's idea well hey we're picking
winners you're not i sit down sarah classic sarah okay all right uh i got should we pick
can we pick two balcony let's do balcony people and y'all start making your way down we'll get
y'all next uh how about just front their red jacket uh yeah come on down um i'm seeing
let's see see see whoa some people are what you know what way up there next to the person
waving their jacket oh god and y'all we gotta make examples sorry uh okay so my name's david
yes and that is the correct response not a great start david but keep going
about a week ago i was eating breakfast at edith's oh nice yeah and an elderly man
the raclette oh yeah my dad had that dad had that it's a bunch of cheese how are you feeling
he said he says bad okay uh okay so so there was an elderly man that sat next to my wife and i
wearing a red jacket approximately the same color and size as fashionable good okay um uh real quick
the rest of the question it's not gonna be something mean about the red jacket right no
not at all okay good because i'm very jealous of the red jacket if i had it right now i'd wear it
go ahead so that's why i started up a conversation with him and i found out he was a retired marine
cool cool okay and he said that his kids couldn't come with him on a trip to hawaii and he invited
my wife and i oh what oh did he now hold on huh the only like little thing was i would have just
sorry there's just one you just had one thing i got like 11 off the off the dome so this is like
a marine's only resort at hawaii and it would it would cost us it would cost us a hundred dollars
a person should we go okay what i love stop stop stop we'll get around to it we have another
question hello hello hi i'm sarah hi sarah mine's not quite that weird okay um so i find myself so i
ask these two people to go to a marine vacation okay go ahead sarah um i find myself in a similar
situation to you in that i work with two of my sisters okay and my question is how do i in the
professional world what's the best way to establish your dominance as alpha sibling like
i got this guys the cool one the funny one the smart one i want that to be me
dye your hair purple oh
doesn't hurt uh i mean you just do the best work
i'm getting in such a situation i could teach you some pretty good jokes about pictures of
peanut butter that you could maybe try it out kind of what i'm bringing to the table okay
uh i think the hawaii one has a siren so much there's like three things that you can do right
now actionable items thank you so much thank you sarah okay we did our best okay here's my
here's what i want you to break down for me because and i'm going to lay out how i think it
went and you tell me if i'm correct do you want to go with me it's a hundred dollars a person
and we leave in in may are you in i'm serious are you in we leave we leave in may and i come back
in june i mean we all come back in june what did i say what did you say i'm sorry how serious was
this offer it felt pretty serious and he set like a secondary meeting place if we like if i wanted
to follow through he was like the elks have a dinner at the first like the last friday of
every month oh that's where he's gonna get you he's not gonna play in hawaii oh no that would
be cost prohibitive he can get you at the elks lodge i so wait is travel included he didn't say
okay so no no because if he had that to pitch he wouldn't have kept that in his quiver right he
right he would have brought and i'm like and i'll fly you like i at that point i might say yes
do you think maybe he's putting together a music festival like a fire island style a fire fire
fire fire festival kind of thing where it's like listen i'm just trying to get this off the ground
i know young people love music for a hundred dollars you can come to my new festival that
i'm doing with jaw roll that's right jaw rolls back in the game he will not be defeated he's very
sorry uh a hundred dollars is a good price it's a good price for all the what bands are going to
be there the flaming laps the strokes the bottles who's that supposed to be but the beatles why
would that be there because they there's a good band cover band justin ran out of bands he knew
about jimmy buffet it's good very good uh don't don't got you did you hey wait just to clarify
did you need us to tell you don't you were good on that before right it's a little affirmation
okay good excellent you made the right call all right balcony heroes let's begin on this side
i'm sorry about the height of the microphone there's yes that's not very nice sorry i mean
i didn't say it i'm sorry so i'm a mortuary student sorry i need a funeral director in training
no but your name your name not your job title name name oh fallon fallon hello fallon like jimmy
fallon okay cool i'm sorry that when people mishear you you have to then say the follow-up thing he
just said because that was a very cool thing all right go ahead i can't hear anything anyways okay
okay uh i have this uh slight problem with when when i'm public speaking or speaking in general
i uh i have vocal fry my voice cracks a lot and uh i'm not sure what i should do if that ever
happens when i'm in the middle of a funeral and i'm oh oh i see yeah so if you'd like to pay your
last respects please come up to the okay side note i can do it on purpose okay okay but i often
do it on accident okay and i don't want them to be like bobcat goldthwait is presenting our fear
yeah i would love to have bobcat goldthwait at mine okay okay found thank you let's hear our
other question hello hello i'm scott i am also a really socially anxious college student i thought
you're gonna say also a mortuary student in training but i'm a bitter rival of the person across
they get all the good dead bodies all right why don't we get the good dead bodies there's a new
mortuary in town all right so scott all right so i really love like film and music criticism and
all of that stuff and the problem is i love to bring this up and have you know discussions about
hey i thought the editing in this was really interesting and subversive in a lot of cool ways
and most people are like i thought that movie was fine so the question is how do i sell myself
and not end up just making it sound like i hate their movie because i had a lot of thoughts about
it are you talking to like spielberg no you're not talking to them about their movie no that's
a good question other people because i need to make friends and i don't have those you want to
have deeper conversations yeah you want to be friends with stephen spielberg and you want us
to help you with that no i we could i want to be friends with bobcat goldthwait is the point okay
it all ties together thank you thank you scott for tying that bit back together i mean if you're
looking for a place to go to have more and this will be quick okay more in-depth conversations
about movies and music my experience has been literally go to any non-starbucks coffee shop
and wait about four seconds i yeah i will i will also say right across the street i'm pretty sure
he's at college and they probably have some kind of like actually it's not even across the street
i think we're technically in it um uh so that but also real quick answer establish yourself
in the group as like the person who knows why a thing is because like i i have friends that
like know about music and i'll hear a song and i'll look at them and say why do i like that oh
it's because the way that this like diminishes and resolves itself is very satisfying and so
people that i'm like okay great thank you very much and so being a resource for information
like that can like really be useful in a conversation much better to be a resource
than kind of like force that information onto someone else you gotta wait for your opportunity
yes that's a very good point the problem there is you you don't just go up to people like i'm
your resource now open me up i'm an encyclopedia hey you can try it yeah yeah you can try it
what you need to know this let's thank you very much i hope we helped even a little bit god thank
you all right i'm gonna get i'm gonna get real for a second i think well first of all this is
the first time i've and maybe the closest proximity to me dunking on a profession as a goof in an
episode of the podcast and then being confronted by a practitioner of that profession i'm sorry
i made jokes about funeral directors i heard a lot about it the next day it was all fun and
games apparently must not have been a very good goof because nobody here seems to remember that
i did it so that being said i think something like busting out a nar vocal fry in the middle
of like a funeral speech is actually a pretty great thing because the folks who are there are
very sad and usually usually very sad and whenever something happens that is like a funny memory of
that day during a sad no i'm serious whenever something funny happens during like a very sad
thing that like breaks the tension of it like best case scenario that's the stuff you remember
from a funeral and so 100 serious like that's a good thing that you're providing a moment of like
levity even though you're the butt of the joke maybe a little bit if it's like a funny memory
that they get to take home then that's a good this is absolutely true because it's the kind of
thing where in the moment it might feel inappropriate but 10 years later is the thing
like hey do you remember yeah i do and like you have a strange kind of fond memory you'll be a
you'll be the most powerful inside joke between these two people who are experiencing the most
bittersweet moment of their life ever and that sucks for you but it's so good for them i uh to
break our to break our own rule for a moment uh when we were at our um our mom's uh viewing uh
one of our extended relatives came up to us and said i'm so sorry and i without really
thinking about it said we don't blame you and i'm pretty sure i was just being a dick
because i thought i'd earned it there was like that's what i remember the most from that day
and that's good because there's a lot of bummer shit there was somebody who
walked up to me and said your mom's in heaven and she can't wait for you to get there
i think i think i think providing something memorable like that is gonna make is gonna
make the day easier for people and honestly that should be a focus of your profession from now on
slapstick i'm being a hundred here's your coffee
i was self-imposed i was like oh i'm pieing the face to the brief but like you like
trip and fall and it's just like don't mind me everybody there's probably going to be one out
of a hundred people who are like so disrespectful and the other one would be like they ripped a big
beaver in the middle of it guys guys patch sadoms all right does that help
be okay okay thank you so much thank you valid uh the wrap up yeah that is gonna do it for us
hey seriously you all thank you so much you guys have been so cool yeah tonight like i tonight
and yesterday these two dallas shows been the only time that people have like started chance
before the show and uh this is this is our first live show since january yeah so a little bit of
the yips it's really nice what are we doing january that was no sorry december december
december sheesh okay okay so anyway we had a had to shake off some of the rust and you all have been so
uh gracious and kind and thank you so much
and now that's now on an equally sincere note
if y'all can get to houston
if y'all just want to get tickets and come or get tickets and don't
don't do that but if you can get to houston you should just come on over to houston tomorrow be
different jokes well they might be sold out the whole image nope tickets are available plenty of
great for this one this one you can um thank you to the mcfarland for having us this is a beautiful
beautiful venue uh thank you thank you too we didn't thank him last night but i will tonight
thank you to american hero paul saboren thank you to our paul and storm
for tito city you can hear more angel fire it slash angel fire you hear some paul's music
uh thank you to our real daddy daddy i forgot his name
also speaking of paul um paul and storm are also some of the organizers of the joco cruise
which, uh, cabins are on sale for now, um, and they are going fast.
I don't know why I'm looking at you, I know that that's true.
They're going fast, so just go cruise.com.
Do it.
Come, come sail away!
Uh, this is John Roderick and the long winter's reviews for a theme song,
it's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
And thank you to you every week on My Brother, My Brother, Me, which you do not know if you've not listened before,
but I will tell you now, we have a closing question from Griffin,
something that we return to the next week after thinking about it.
Griffin, what is the final question of this episode of My Brother, My Brother, and Me?
Whatever is one pasta hat trick, because this is Adrian Cowell's again with the clothes, they're crushed it.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Lady May, who asks,
high school constipated my vape and won't give it back.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Kiss your dad's square up in the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Are you tired of trying to keep up with the news cycle?
Is bad stuff happening too fast for you to process?
Don't you wish there was an easy way to find out about only the most important info you need?
Hi, we're Lisa.
And Emily.
Why don't you try our podcast, Baby Geniuses?
On each episode of our podcast, we discuss a weird Wikipedia page such as
Flatulence Humor,
Clamato,
Catalan Witches,
Clippy, the Microsoft Office Helper,
Death during Consensual Sex,
and the Talking Mongoose.
We ask each other stupid questions.
If you got a packet with like 300 seeds in it,
what kind of plant would you choose the seeds to be?
That felt like you were assigned to ask me a question
and there were certain words you weren't allowed to use.
We talk about Martha Stewart, her pony, and other celebrity horse news.
Ben Chunch.
Every other week on Maximum Fun.
Baby Geniuses.
