The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother made it my show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle-aged brother
Yes, it's true I have a pretty new kitty
Is Olive or Olivia? Hello? I'm a pretty kitty. No, look at that special cat
Is that her real name Justin cuz we were told a different name yesterday. Well, she came home and her name was Olive and then
The girls decided Grizabella, you know the glamour cat, of course
Yeah, the cat from the hit movie that we all love that I love you love we all love. Yeah, it's in our blood and
Then I Sidney and I decided we're gonna keep calling her Olive
Protests which you usually don't do
To your kid. You don't usually do a protest. Well, it was gonna be an evening name. I
I see. After the kids were asleep. Oh, yeah. Oh, I thought you're saying the inverse
I thought you were saying in the evening time when the Jellicle cats
Historically do come out and prance. That is when she becomes Grizabella
Well, we I think we can agree that the only confusing thing about cats is
What is a Jellicle name? What's the human given name?
What is their chosen name right cuz it's three different one fucking kitty
Look at those little Toby because you can't tell me that like Jenny Annie dots
Is the same as like rumple teaser? Those are two different worlds at those names existent
Yeah, they can't look at that kitty. Is she changing color to match your shirt?
Is she a community wild if I had a chameleon kitty? She's so little
She's so little we record this show on video now and that's what happens is the cat comes hangs out sometimes
I guess I was sitting on your shoulder like a pretty little parrot
I guess sweet pair on feeble and she likes you which is nice. She's a nice change of paces to my other cat
Does she like me?
Like you let's say ask her. Hi, pretty. Oh, she loves Griffin
Beauty blogging me dad
All right, you got a beauty blog that kitty you're dismissed. Oh, it's gonna stay here on my lap
I guess yeah
Mr. Biggles oh
Yeah, do some
Mr. Biggles were no, mr. Bigglesworth. Oh, man. I shouldn't name how many bad cats how many bad?
Mystery like cats that were not not well-loved. Do you think we're named? Mr. Bigglesworth?
I just I you know right until this moment when you say how many bad cats or whatever and it made me think
What if like mr. Bigglesworth or like that cat that Blofeld's was always hanging out with what if they were really nice?
What if those cats were like no don't hurt them. Oh
Couple of beauty babies like
Justin you went away. Yeah, it was distracting to everyone and we can't do our podcast
I want the kitty on the show instead of Justin there. I said it. I want three kitties on the show instead. Oh my god
Are you kidding me?
Not like my brother my brother me, but now that it's silence with occasional purse. It's good. It's a good show
Have you played that weird mod of stray where it's just three brother kitties and instead of exploring like a city much
Yeah, they're just recording a podcast. I love it. I don't reference turbo teen as much but
Yeah, okay, cuz it's three pretty kitty boys. They talk about mice a lot more. Yeah
All right. Well, I feel like all the oxygen got sucked out of the room the moment the cattle. Yeah, definitely
We should just call this episode
This is this this is um, this is actually perfect. Oh
Okay, this is actually perfect like
Connection here because I am desperate to talk to you guys about a podcast called Hank the cowdog
Now I don't know this. Okay, good. That's perfect. Actually
So I was listening to blank check. They were talking about
I don't know how they got on to it
but they started talking about Hank the cowdog and
they had just discovered its existence and then I in turn discovered it through their discovery and
I just want to tell you guys about Hank the cowdog. Okay, cool
Okay, the self is it funny or is this like are we getting really pop culture happy? I want to talk to you about the cast
Okay, okay. Does it include a dog it stars Matthew McConaughey as Hank the cowdog
Okay, good start good start, right? It also include it's written and directed by Jeff Nichols
And executive producer by Jeff Nichols
Is Hank who also McConaughey served an executive producer Justin I hate to stop you real quick
But I think there's been some confusion
um
You said podcast but clearly this can't be a podcast because it like has won a celebrity in it
And then till you said it's written
And directly, I think you're not actually supposed to write them
I think you're talking about like a movie or maybe a TV show or like a radio drama
Okay, so Jeff Nichols did direct Matthew McConaughey in mood the movie
Correct, and now they're working together again with Matthew McConaughey as Hank a spiritual successor to mud
I haven't seen it but dogs love mud
Jesse Plemons as drover. Okay, sure Kirsten Dunst as Sally May John R. Erickson as Wallace the buzzard
Michael Shannon as sinister the bobcat Joel Edgerton as rip and
Snort and then you got Leslie
Jordan and Cynthia Riva bringing up the back of this this this
Incredible cast this incredible cast of United for Hank the cowdog a five episode
Event now if you were to tell me when this series was released
I bet with a little bit of thinking you could carbon date it to almost a month. Can I guess? Yeah
I'm going to say
June
2020
Wow
Travis Wow
August of 2020
Little bit in post there had a little bit of post work to do to make Michael Shannon really sound like sinister
You know everyone I was trying
Stop, it does not take much work to make Michael. So I met Michael Shannon for eight seconds at a restaurant
Did you really yeah?
I pissed my pants and somehow he pissed Michael Shannon's pants. It was amazing
I thought he didn't have any food yet
And so I bet he won't mind if I go say hey to Michael Shannon
So I walked up and he looked up at me like we're eating
What are you eating no, he didn't really say that what a pleasure it is to meet you Griffin, yeah
I'm a Hollywood big shot Michael Shannon now, if you'll excuse me, I'm learning my lines for a bobcat role
I'm playing sinister
It's the role of a lifetime
Nothing else is happening. No, not Justin. I'm sorry. I hate this was years before
He played saying he was just preparing for a bobcat role knowing it would walk. He was manifesting
I'm gonna be a bobcat
It's not really what he sounds like. It's weird. They didn't come back to this one after the sort of pandemic
Restrictions were lifted for Hollywood types
Yeah, not a lot of return. I think they just made those five and then kind of
Did it? Well, but podcasting is hard man. Not everybody can put out 600 some episodes
You know what I mean? Like a lot of quitters out there
Apparently it's funny you say that draft
apparently according to an email or received I
Said in episode like 12 or 13 that this would be the final episode
This one
Recording right now six, whatever. I mean what we should have prepared more. I don't I don't think of it. I
Don't think of it as episodes anymore. No, no, it's a conversation. Oh
It's jazz I regret to inform everyone
It's jazz. It's jazz
You've been listening to jazz this whole time
Yes, I've been hearing jazz and it's not the kind of jazz you're enjoying dad likes. Okay
Sorry. Yeah, I got ahead of the
thing
That happens sometimes when we're just when we're just jazzin. Oh, she's just sitting behind my monitor
What a cute little kitty cat. You little stinker. I bet it's warm back there
Should we do advice? Yeah, let's do advice
I'm in the process of moving and I have no chairs to sit on and I eat in my place now and eat it
No place to sit. I got my clauses have weird emphasis like kitty clauses
I'm in the process of moving and I have no chairs to sit on and eat in my place
Okay, I have no chairs to sit on a knee in my place. Now. There we go
I ordered pizza for me and my roommates
That's nice. And then they left to get drinks while I waited now. The delivery driver has given me the large 24-inch
Oh, that's large. That's a big you gotta turn that sideways door feet of saw
That's one foot shy of a Bigfoot. Well, you know, it's a two-feet. It's a two-feet
Diameter, but I'm sure if we could do a little bit of pi r-squared calculation we can figure out
What the what the actual area of the pizza is but yes possible actually you cannot figure out the area of a circle
Ah, damn doesn't matter. I tried if people tried
But that's not the important thing the important thing is the only place to put it and eat is
On the ground in the living room
You don't get some counters. What you don't got kitchen counters
Now the only place to put it and eat is on the ground in the living room
The living room has a huge window
Which he can clearly see me from the driver the driver and he has been sitting
In his car for about three minutes, and I've just been standing with the pizza behind a column
So you won't see me sitting on the floor. That's good
You're doing good alone
You're doing is
Exemplary is this a ridiculous? Should I care this much or just do it? I'm so very hungry again
This is a large and they they have a little calves here a large
24 inch pizza that's from I do think that's important
That is important that it's a lot because if the driver rolls up you're in what sounds like an empty apartment
Like empty bear and it's just you and you ordered a large 24
There is is I'm just gonna say a slightly disturbing imagery that I'm getting for the driver
You need to set up a sort of home alone
shadow play
Situation on the curtains and blinds. I mean you don't have furniture in your house
So I'm gonna assume you don't have a big inflatable clown and a talk boy. You know what happens when you assume
Thank you, I want to say 24-inch is pretty big. Yes. There was a place. I used a Mediterranean place
I got pizza from in Austin and it's called arpeggio grill and they had what they called the giant
30 inch pizza that they had to slice so I think we had some of that when you boys were in town from my
Minor Rachel's wedding correct and it's such a big pizza and they have to have slices
Really thin and it looks like a clown's necktie and they had they had to use slightly angle it to get it through your front
Door if I remember. Yeah, and in my in the trunk of my
Toyota matrix anyway, I think it's speaking of some you boys can see behind me. I have nothing
Yeah, that is a the rules are suspended when you have just moved in a way that you would be
It would be a shame for you to waste that opportunity
This is the time where it's okay for you to sit on floor and eat pizza
Some of my most special memories in the last house that I lived in was just sitting on the floor with my with my fam
My buds. Yeah, and just gobbling down some Pete Harry's burgers on the ground on the ground
It's special because you're connected to the root of it where the where the burger came from
You know how much you'll appreciate
Having table and chair. Oh, I have also used to sit on the floor. You'll say I
Was a delivery driver for Jimmy John's for a while, which I'm sure I've talked about
The driver does not care three minutes feels like a long time, but let me tell you a little secret
He's just for him. That's three minutes where he's not at work. That's all he's thinking about baby
Is that three minutes appeared from his?
The moment that door shuts because there's no way that this is the first time a pizza delivery driver has delivered to someone moving into an
Apartment as Griffin has said it's such a common connection of like help me move. I order pizza. I'll just say it to
Three minutes. Maybe that guy should roll on out
You know see he should roll on out. Maybe three minutes isn't that long three minutes is a lot
imagine someone pulling up outside your house and
There yeah, you notice it that car honey that car's been there for three minutes
That's a weird amount of time to idle outside someone's home. Okay. All right. Here's what I'll give you you are correct
I've never been a pizza delivery driver. Maybe he was like
Noting it in his logbook or something depending on which side of the equation
You're on three minutes is a long time if you're in the house looking out
Three minutes is a long time that they're sitting there
If you're the driver and your friend sends you a great long-form tick-tock and you're like wow watch this for you at the road
I want to be responsible and not watch tick tocks while I drive and they don't let me watch it
Then three minutes is nothing, right?
But I guess that's about how long it takes to pack a bowl of that green stuff, which I bet. Oh, I said not to cat
I had a dilemma yesterday
I want to bounce it off the two of you speaking of cars being in places where they shouldn't be for a long time
Lightning McQueen shut up wanted to fight you. He wanted to fight me for the love of my wife. Whoa, not again
Someone left a car in our driveway in the morning and at first I was like, oh, that's weird
Someone parked in our driveway like who who does that? So one it's a one-spot DC driveways
That we and we don't have permits to park on the street is very inconvenient
And so I was like, I bet they'll move it a couple hours later still there. I was like, that's weird
Anyway, I'm gonna check the mail open up the mailbox the keys to the car were in the mailbox
Why someone had someone had delivered an automobile into my possession?
Incorrectly, and there was no information on whose actual car it was
Where I belong how to get how to how to do it how to how to do the thing
Push it in the street street and just leave it all the police
I had to move it so that I could park in our driveway so we wouldn't get a ticket
You got into this and listen, so I got in you got your fingerprints
Let's go it is stole a car. Yeah, did do a grand theft auto for like so you fell for the bait car
You got your fingerprints all over it. Yes
Griffin my innocent boy my young my young
naive
gentlemen your assumption that someone incorrectly delivered that car and not dropped like
What could be a like murder clue into your driveway?
And they're like, this is Griffin's problem now. Yeah, and and then what did you do? Oh
I I moved it out into the street and I left it there for a while and still nobody came to get it
So I went door-to-door and fortunately like on the third house I went to
But those first two houses you didn't drive it, right? I I did have to say I was like, yeah
So it's nice to meet you. Yeah, we're just across the street. I drove your car. So we'll see
No, it's Christine. You can't drive it
Yeah
Hey, can I do can I do a wizard? Oh, I'd love that Griff. I'd love yeah do a wizard on us
Stefan sent this in it's how to not get creeped out by a chain letter
Oh cool from school or work you take off your shoes turn on the TV and check your email you look around and see a message
You read it and you realize it's a piece of chain mail with a threat. Wait, hold on
Can I jump back real quick the series of events there turn on your TV and check your email?
There's a disconnect there and then you look around and see a message like what?
Where's the information coming from in this scenario the TV the air around you? Yeah, I'm scared shitless right now
So if we could just power through this if you don't forward it to ten people, you'll get a frightening consequence
What do you do what to do this how to explains how to deal with this also works on comments such as sites as YouTube
Okay. Yeah, sometimes I am just trying to you know ASMR myself
into the sweet oblivion of sleep and I'll be scrolling through and it's like if you don't
like this comment 69 times then
Your dad is gonna fall is gonna gravity will reverse for him. Yeah, I'll know you've seen these letters
This is why I hate to spoil it but I assume this comes up
This is why whenever I go to a place like Bed Bath and Beyond or like a Yankee Candle and they're like
Do you want to sign up for like our email newsletter? I say yes
and then I when they email me I write down that email address and I just keep ten of those right next to me ready to
Go shotgun. So awesome. So when you get one, that's like your gravity gravity's gonna reverse
Yeah, dad, he'll fall up into space. If you don't send this to ten people you'd be like, what's up?
Bed Bath Beyond what's up Yankee Candle? All I'm saying is I heard circuit city didn't forward it to ten people
Look at him now
Yeah, did you guys um, do you all when you're at the the store and you're checking out?
They're like, um, just need your email address and your phone number. Have you guys ever made up fake ones to avoid?
Having to say I'd rather not give you my email address
Absolutely. I have no I'm
Devin's not getting paid enough. You don't think Devon you don't think Devon would like that too
No, not I'm the eighth person to say been stinky cheeks at Gumi on that biz that day
He g69 we could not secure stinky cheeks at goo mail. Yeah
Well, I had to put an underscore and just to be quick real quick. Yeah, you guys think
Yes, think goo mail.biz is available right for sure, right? Hey, so yeah. Yeah, that's gonna hurt our brand
I think in the long run you think goo mail.biz
I don't think so juice snatched that up for me. I'll pay you back. Sometimes the without biz can get a little pricey
Let's see how this is doing
goo mail
Good goo mail.biz is taken. I knew it
Fucking
Listening in I could goo mail.me
That means you mail me bro, dude
Shoot me a goo mail. We got goo mail goo mail.fun
Goo mail.me it was it we found it. It's good work. Hello. Oh, you're male at or
We're a regular
Nonprofit, we need to sell goo mail.com or just gift it to our favorite nonprofit and be like, this is this is for you
No, this is yours now. Okay, so let's get into the article
I'm not buying any goo mails if I can't get goo mail.biz. It's like not it's now what about all goo mail.com
get goo mail.com
Get goo mail
Okay. Okay. What it think? What is the chain mail? Is it bbq at my house?
I won't like it if you don't come if it is you're fine
It's not really an alarming thing just a friend who expects you to show up and might be sore at you if you don't if not
Continue on I would say that's an alarming thing. Yeah, someone sent me a message like hey grilling up some some sweet beefy boys
And my house, I won't like it if you don't come
Also, that's not really sorry article a chain real that's called an invitation
If someone is chain mailing invitation says invite ten other people to this. Yeah, that's wild. That's lazy. Also
Don't get drawn into reading it
Usually at the top there is something such as don't read this or stop if there is you should stop and delete it
Good advice in general chain letters often tell you to read or don't read as a ploy playing on your initial curiosity
So you read them they'll eventually hit you with a bunch of bologna designed to push your panic button or use any other emotion you have
Against you for one purpose only to get you spreading it further
So I guess if you get email and it's like read this or don't read this then do the opposite
But here's the problem. I get a lot of emails from my doctor with important like test results
I go like once a week just to get random tests, whatever they got. Yeah, they'll use
Travis here any new tests today? Yeah, we got three new ones. Which one do you want surprise me?
I
Was just this is something I want to talk about. Okay me characters welcome. Yeah, we're doing a scene
Okay, that was a scene of vignette. That was a skit a skit. I want us to get better about skits
Fault to I'm gonna play everybody in my skit and I feel like it's good there
I've been meaning to talk to you guys about this when we're not recording but like this. Yeah. Yeah now do it here
Yeah, this is don't double up on the skit. Let other people have fun with the skin with you, right? Okay
Yeah, you want to try it again? Okay
Fucking whiskey. Yeah
Sorry, honey. Daddy's trying to whistle. I'm sorry that your daddy's a bad whistler
Travis here any new tests today? I've got a gun
I've got a sword gun
Yeah, you win
No, I don't want to be in this kit. Oh
Hey, who's that at your door?
This is my little brother Griffin. He's recording a podcast with me. Hey, what's up?
Yeah, look out he's got a slur gun and he loves tests
This is the this is one of the worst kits we've ever done if I if I may we should stick to one person
So if you get an email that says oh like don't read this or stop then don't read it and do stop
Stay rational and sensible often the email or comment will be some story commonly about some monster or a fictional dead kid attacking people
Don't lose your head and get scared. There's no such thing as monsters Wow or
Dead kids attacking people you've known that since you were small
No chain letter is gonna cause what to want to blip into existence to kill you or anyone else
You know dead people are dead and can't go around attacking you pulling you down
It's some non-existent well or do any of those things
Your dad's ex-boyfriend Daryl is it going to come back to your house? I don't know shit about shit
First of all, I know that up till now that hasn't happened. But also up till now
I've always forwarded every chain letter I've ever got correct. So we've got a chain of chain letters
You don't want to break that chain. Yeah, nice try
Never break the chain
Victorian skeleton boy, but you will never get me to go in that well cuz you're not real
You're not real and the wells not real either. But if it is I did forward the chain letter, so I have nothing
I'm doubled down. Yeah
Understand it's hard when you're a Victorian skeleton boy and you just have like a really cool rock collection inside a well
And you're like come check out these rocks and they're like no, you know, like I'm not I just want it
Oh, you can't have a house when you're a Victorian skeleton in this economy in this economy, especially not
The consequences of not following along with the chain communication do not exist after you read the story
It will say something like if you do not send this to ten people you will die in two days
I assume through some sort of
Victorian well boy
Think will this happen to you will you actually die because you didn't send an email
How is it even possible a made-up story and text and pixels created by some anonymous hoaxer can actually kill you
Well, I don't know. I know if I knew that then I would be the one sending right Gary murder
You can't say you can't say will it happen because there's a whole point is I don't know
Right. I don't know the future. I
don't understand the
What the author of the scary Victorian skeleton boy chain letter email gets out of it unless they're like
Send this to ten people and also here's a link to my bank amp. Yeah, I've got a new I've got this
I've got a really hot new sound I've been working on check that out
Oh the hot new sound will also keep the scary Victorian skeleton. Well boy. Oh, yes
Oh things
Subscribe to smash that like button forward it to ten friends or the skeleton boy is gonna well you really hard
I wish I could be there when this person finds this article like okay Valerie calm down. It's okay
It's just a chain letter. We're gonna get through this
Yeah, just go to Yahoo. Let's go. Yeah
No, this step is fucks me up step five
Don't send it to anyone else doing this stops other people from getting it and passing it on and getting worse
Okay, so you do want me to be?
Drowned in a well, which is which is which is which of the two things is it?
Cuz you're telling me not to be scared of the chain email and in my personal experience
That means giving in to the demands of the chain
I figured it out. I'm gonna solve this whole thing. I'm gonna fix fix chain letters for good
What it's gonna take is 12 brave souls, right? And then it's gonna be a full-time job
But every time you get a chain letter
You're gonna forward it to these same 12 people right and then they're gonna forward it to each other and just as chain letters come
In we're just gonna keep sending it to these same 12 people until eventually we've created
Like an echo chamber for every chain letter until it's just these 12 people bouncing it back and forth to each other
It should be 13
I guess because you need one to send it to 12 others, right?
Right, and we're just gonna bounce it around and contain the energy now god forbid when one of them kicks it. Oh
Boy, this is going to become like a Knights of the Round Table
Thing of like you're gonna have to find somebody to take over but I'm gonna love this, you know, we call it
What the unbroken chain and it's a group of people that just keep passing around they protect all of us
Yes, you know a chain letter toilet that you just flush
That is also the secret society from adventures on graduation, but that's fine. No, but that's how they got started, right?
Oh, okay, great. Great equal. This is a prequel to our pretend podcast. Yeah is different from this podcast
Our very real podcast this one gets fun. Keep the email even if it is absolutely creepy
Keep the email and smash it
Write out all the things wrong with it and make yourself laugh at the utter
Ridiculousness of the story and the threat attached to keeping the message is a good way of stopping a troublesome emailer
You tell someone teacher parent friend don't tell someone
Tell someone teacher parent friend, etc. You have proof of getting this unwanted email teacher teacher check this out, please
I'm going to show this to you. I'm not going to forward it to you. So the curse will not be
activated, but I need you to know that I have been threatened with a well boy and
I think about it, I guess we're getting into semantics though, right?
Because yeah, you're not mechanically forwarding electronically forwarding it
But you are like moving the information in the brain. The digital data is how the curse is transmitted
Okay, see I've never seen the ring for obvious reasons
But I do know that in stories like the ring like there's always that moment of like you heard about it
Check this out. There's no way right and like that idea of I like this thing of don't take it seriously
But don't not take it seriously like just could say at least let the buck stop with you
So that's how to not get creeped out by a chain letter
Confront the sender if the person sends you three or more emails tell someone else you've already told the teacher I guess get
multiple
Just sort of hands. Yeah, tell someone out first you tell the teacher and then the vice principal and then the principal
That's the chain of command. It doesn't go any that's why it's called the chain letter. Yeah
Yeah, you pass that on up the chain to your principal. Yeah. Oh, no
Your vice principal don't take that. Don't hey get this off my desk. I'm the principal of a major middle school
I don't have time for chain letters. Take this to the associate vice-principal
I'm going to have to talk to the superintendent about the letters to me and then I give them to President Joseph Biden
And he for it guys to our nation's greatest enemies and then the well boy hunts down terrorists
I knew from Amazon Prime. Well boy
Well, well boy, you're a last hope
sending this to Kim Jong
Kim Jong-un well boy you and Dennis Rodman are gonna work together on this
I'm not working with Roman no more. I can't trust him push him in the wheel
Get me Jack. That was Dennis Rodman's voice
Oh by the way, yeah, well boy sounds like this. Yeah, well boy has seen some shit
Boy's been in a well or two. I don't think you get to be a Victorian well boy skeleton
Trial without being a little bit jaded
Well, I've seen a lot the inside of a lot of wells pal. Once you've once you've pushed
Non-forwarding strangers into a well or two. We'll talk about it
Oh changes yeah changes you're being down in a well for so long. Hey, can we try to do?
Hear about this Jessica
Baby, just tell my whole yeah. Well boy. I'm sure you bring that one up a lot. Well boy
There's not a lot of famous well characters. I just finished the job and it's my fault. Oh, no, she had sinned
Oh Jesus well boy. Yeah, baby Jessica was a creature of sin and I was trying doing my best like that one part the leftovers
She ended up. Okay, though, right? I don't want to talk about it. Okay adorable and evil
She'll forward every fucking letter. She receives this kid. This is for
Menards flyers that she gets just to be just to be extra careful
Careful, she's not going back to that. Well, that's what I live for. That's why I'm in this business, brother
If I'm gonna give up well for you or anybody
I might try a sister in her to just to see how it goes
Watch the video of macho man Randy Savage on Arsenio Hall and our cinema halls like does the macho man ever cry?
He's like, oh, yeah, brother the macho man experiences the entire range of emotion. Yes
Fuck man. Fuck. Yeah, dude
Let's do the money zone but in chain letter format so we get the most sort of impressions. We've gotten in our lives
Squarespace is the all-in-one platform for building your brand and growing your business online
Stand out with a beautiful website engage with your audience and sell anything your products content you create
And even your time your soul and tell everyone what?
and your soul
Sell yourself for the chain letter your soul. This still not that's still I don't think anyway
Tell everyone you know about Squarespace and share this episode of the podcast with them or else
you will have a
bad time with it when next time that you are at the
Bus
Building mm-hmm. Yeah it
whenever you're
Do you like having all your?
How do you feel about your bones Squarespace is an all-in-one platform for building your brand? Maybe that's it
Maybe we just sort of power of suggestion
every Squarespace website and online store comes with a suite of integrated features and useful guides that maximize prominence among search results and you all and
You stay healthy and strong. Oh, maybe we chain it like that. Oh make it a positive chain letter
Yes
Yeah
like you want to do you want to get like cooler and bigger and
Be able to eat more chicken wings in one sitting. Yes. Do you want God to build up your finances?
Yeah
great news my friends Stacey had a real bad finances problem and
So told everyone that she knew about Squarespace and God sent her like a grip of cash
My smallest friend Dwayne was feeling real puny and he used those days and now he's the rock
Whoa, turn into the rock. Yeah. Yeah overnight
Whoa, nobody talks about how Dwayne the rock Johnson got big, right? But like you never see teen rock
It's always this young boy rock and then big man rock
Yeah, there wasn't a teen rock because he did he's forwarded on this incredible chain advertisement for Squarespace
And he got huge and God gave him all the finances he needed sell your products on an online store
Whether you sell physical or digital products Squarespace has the tools you need to start selling online and getting huge and rich
Mm-hmm create pro level videos effortlessly the Squarespace video studio app helps you make and share engaging
Videos to tell your story grow your audience and drive sales. Here's the story. I want to tell I used Squarespace once
My dingle donger got huge and I got a thousand. I got a hundred dollars. Whoa
In the mail from who I don't know. I don't know. It was an empty. It was an envelope with nothing on it
That was actually from me. I wanted you to invest that I
Got a letter from the Census Bureau. That's like hey, we're doing this thing on a national survey of children's health
Will you fill it out and I was like, uh, I guess so and I looked further in the letter. There's a $5 bill
Inside of it, you know, they were doing that. Thanks census
Buy myself a three musketeers. What were we doing?
Advertisement. Yes go to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
And we probably should say here
That this we're having a really fun time. Yeah, absolutely
It's clear, but it's a but these are not these are jokes in Squarespace
I think would be pretty pio'd if we didn't
Say that like when we said that all of your bones would revolt and leave your body if you don't tell everyone you know
About this episode of the podcast in Squarespace, then you put something bad will happen to your bones or God will make your business rich
That probably won't happen
Legally, we have to say that here at the end. Yeah, but it definitely will but wink
Hi everyone, I'm Anna McLeod
And I'm Alexis B Preston and we host a show called comfort creatures the show for every animal lover
Be it a creature of scales six legs fur feathers or fiction
Comfort creatures is a show for people who prefer their friends to have paws instead of hands unless they are raccoon hands
That is okay. That is absolutely. Okay. Yeah. Yes, every Thursday
We will be talking to guests about their pets learning about pets in history art and even fiction
Plus we'll discover differences between pet ownership across the pond. It's gonna be a hoot on maximum fun
Hi everybody, my name is Justin McElroy and I'm Sydney McElroy doctor
That is true. It's important in this context because we host a medical history podcast called
Sawbones. Oh, I thought we were gonna we shouldn't work on that. Sawbones. Sawbones isn't afraid to ask the hard-hitting questions
Like are vaccines as safe and reliable as they want us to believe? Yes. Do I have to get a flu shot?
Yes
Okay, is science a miracle?
No
We have a lot of great history for you and a lot of laughs and sometimes the history is so bad that there's no laughs
But you'll learn something you'll feel something and it's always sawbones. That's right
every week on maximumfun.org
Okay, you're your middle name is macho
But uh, I'm wondering if you ever cry you ever has macho man ever cried. Oh, yeah
It's okay for macho men to show every emotion available right there, you know, because I've cried a thousand times
I'm gonna cry some more but
I've soared with the Eagles and I've slithered with the snakes and I've been everywhere in between
And I'm gonna tell you something right now. There's one guarantee in life and that there are no guarantees. Yeah
Nobody likes a quitter nobody said life was easy
So if you get knocked down take the standing eight count get back up and fight again, and you're a macho maniac
Dig it. There it is. Fuck. I mean, yeah, there it is from the macho man himself
Do you remember when macho man body slam toxic masculinity? Yeah, thank you much. Fuck. Yeah, dude
Remember when all Hogan ever body slam was fucking Richard Belzer. Yeah
All I'm saying is macho man press freedom those two things were body slammed by Hulk Hogan
We've never fully discussed as a society. I think macho man Randy Savage's ability to
Use the two-word phrase. Oh, yeah in so many different ways. Just that like
It's an interrogative it was fucking poetry when he said I love that. Oh, yeah
Yeah, macho man's cried. Yeah much and it's it can be more passive than that macho man. Do you want some blackberry cobbler? Oh, oh, yeah
That when macho man cries the tears don't drip down his face they like come out, okay, they like Gleek
Brother the blast like tear juice
It's very macho. Um, I train and teach at a local Krav Maga gym. Ah
The beautiful dance the art sweet science recently
We had a 78 year old man join our gym and started attending classes and he beat everyone to death. No
Miss read I miss read
He's just told came to one of my classes but ended up leaving after about 20 minutes gotten all he needed to I guess
Just wanted to learn how to punch his mailman in the face and now he's ready to go
No, I don't think that's it. Um the next day at another instructors class. He came up to me and said I
Wrote a poem about your class yesterday. Do you want to see I said, okay
Then he went out to his car, but instead of getting the poem he drove away
We have seen one another at the gym multiple times since then but neither of us have mentioned this poem
Brothers, how can I unlock the old man?
Krav Maga poem that's from Troubled in Tennessee. This can't be
This can't be real, right? I mean this can't be real
Well, you know in I so I I build a question list and in picking this question
Not until this moment that the possibility occurred to me that perhaps in in poem form. It's like a performance art thing
It was a poem. He wrote it's a performance poem. Thank you. Yeah, the performance he wrote is the leaving or he was like
Just what's it mean to you? Like I did a performance art piece about right off Maga and here it is
I'd like to do it for you right now
Also, let me just say it was also good to me
If you are ever in this the old man's position here and you start taking a class and you're like, oh
I don't really want to take this class anymore
It's not just walking out loudly announced like oh wait. I already know this. I know this. I'm punching and kicking. I can do that. Oh Krav Maga. Okay, I'm sorry
I've called it something else. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no I know this. I got it confuses with quilting. Do you think do you think?
Do you think there's a possibility?
That this old man thought he was going to a class for people that crave Maga
Is it possible?
This man is like hell yeah
Hell yeah
If that's the case he made it 20 minutes
So there's like it's coming. It's good. Yeah, okay. He's trying to hang in there like yeah this too
I guess yeah, also this all right. Yeah, I don't think they're gonna get to it. I don't think it's maybe maybe that's a second class
They don't want to let you they don't give it away for free if you're really craving the Maga. Sorry, I misread it
I was craving manga. Sorry. I gotta go
You guys have any any rare one-piece in your collection
You guys have any any rare one-piece issues
I like how you read them backwards
Is it if anyone ever comes up to you and says I have written a poem and then the active verb that they use in the next sentences
Do you want to see it?
That feels weird to me instead of do you want to read it or do you want me to read it to you?
If they go I wrote a poem do you want to see it and then they try to take you to a second location where the poem lives
No, do you think that's what's happening Griffin like the old man went out to his car and then was like surprised like they didn't follow me
Huh, I thought I just assumed they'd come with the poems at home
The poems at home is interesting like if he thought it was in the car, and he's like I'm gonna get that fucking poem
And then he goes out it's like the poems not here and he's like I should go back in and tell him oh, but I'm so embarrassed
That's happened to me with my wallet at a store
I'll just go in and recite as much as I remember no David god damn don't it's so embarrassing
That has happened to me at like a grocery store or something like where I've bought all the groceries up to the front and realized it in my wallet
I said I must have left it out of the car I go out in the car the wallets not there and then there's the question of like
I'm not gonna go back in and say so I drive home. Do I get my wallet?
Do I just say like well, let's scrap it for the day, right? He had a good run didn't quite get there. It happened. This is
This is for me a non-issue. Oh
Because if someone ever came up to me and said I have a poem I wrote about something you did and now I'm gonna do it
To you right now and you you can't oh, it's in the car and then they leave and don't come back
I have just avoided a social interaction that would have
Shaved years off of my life. Yeah, that would be a tricky needle to thread unless it's really good
Unless you think this 20-minute 20-minute observed Krav Maga poem is gonna is on some real Robert Frost shit
What I'm saying is that perhaps the reason that he left your class early is because inspiration struck him
So hard that he had to grasp the reins and hold on tight and it was not up to him when he pursued the muse
but rather the muse pursued him and he had to like follow and write it and and like
It just moved him so much that he had to go write this poem
But he did say he had already written it. Yes. Well, this is our following day
Yeah, but then he went home and he was like they're not ready for this if I give him this poem
It'll change the way that they think about Krav Maga and they're not ready for that
This is a bank error in your favor done very well. You have broken this you've you've somehow bugged out
This NPC interaction that was going to make you very uncomfortable. Yes, and that's dope
I would love the sweet cheat codes that you are rocking my friend so that I can avoid any other stranger poem
Sort of moments that may happen to me in my lifetime
I don't know when that would be perhaps when I'm strolling the streets of Paris at nighttime
With with my lady love and some bohemian type comes up to me at the riverside
And you know, it's like give me five dollars. You know how they do how they do it
You know how the bohemian types are always doing that for five dollars in Paris where they want US currency
This is this is a fundamental difference between Gryphon and I of in Cincinnati
A gentleman has approached me and said for five dollars. I'll do a poem on you. No lie
I said yes, of course. I handed him five dollars now. I do not remember the poem but I remember enjoying it thoroughly and saying
Thank you very much and tipping him an extra five dollars because it was such a wonderful poem and I went on about my day feeling inspired
Well, I mean on the day where I told the poem man that I didn't want the poem
I went on to do a bunch of other really good stuff. Oh
Like what so well, you know, I helped I bought some apples for the school. Yeah like
Yes, what Apple computers? No
Just like the eaten kind enough for everybody. Yeah enough for the whole school. I bought apples for them all
Well, that's a lot of that's a lot of apples dude cost me so much money
And then I did I went to the hospital and helped it like fixed a couple people
Well, you know what? I heard driven a lot of those people ended up in the hospital because someone had bought all the apples and they were having
Apple deficiencies and it made them really sick so they had to go to the hospital
well, you know do something nice for someone and
Yeah, and also I heard given that the people you did fix were serial killers what yeah
Okay, but I did other good stuff that day like what day where I said no to the poem man
Yeah, like what the serial killers and stole all the apples from the rest of the world and gave it to one school
Yeah, which honestly now that I'm thinking back about it was probably good on apples, but I was just feeling really guilty about the poem guy
Yeah, what else did you do that day Griffin? Oh, I bought season
Three of lost. Oh, that was really kind of you. Yeah, and I gave it to the library. Oh
To the library and I was like give these out to kids who want to go on this like
mysterious adventure now with everyone was that the season three box out that was discontinued because it
Spontaneously would combust and like catch fire to whatever building it was in
This is how is a DVD gonna come that's doesn't make you sense
The other stuff we've been saying has been like funny, but like yeah, yeah, like make you think
That's what I like when it like you kind of hmm
Yeah, like when I was like I bought all the apples and you're like
But then there's no apples for other people that's real and that make you think but when you're like the lost DVDs burn up and burn
Your house down that does not make me
How did a DVD you knew that Travis? How would a DVD do?
I caught the light and refracted it in such a way that the house burned down. That's never happened ever
I want a bunch squad squad. Wow guys. Can you give me a little bit fucking more than that?
Please you made a squishy noise in the middle Justin
Just a little bit more than that, please. I don't want to scare the kitty
Hey, she's still there. You don't know
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh, I want a bunch
I'm loving the beer
But I feel like when you start to bust out butt rock riffs on it it goes it turns on me
Just a little just a little I don't know why okay. I'm a challenging man now
I'm aesthetically more challenging than I was before it takes a refined palette, but those that are into it they get it
You know I mean they get it Ray J
What did he do?
Ray J is helping out Krystal getting back to late night
Krystal is the original slider of the South. It's the South's version of White Castle. You understand?
I've never heard I've literally never heard of this once in my life
Real quick to spotlight all things because I have another thing I want to
Real quick to spotlight all things fun after dark Krystal is partnering with American actor singer and TV personality
Ray J for a series of commercials quote more of our restaurants are staying open later
Striving to meet the Krystal crave as our guests are getting out and enjoying the nightlife
Hey guys having a fun time at the clubs and with the nightlife and everything
hamburgers from
Weird make you feel super big
The next hot spot for us small hamburgers from AJ
It's weird that you would need to do a commercial to advertise keeping your restaurant open late because of high demand
That is an excellent point
The $1.99 Krystal snack is
Is a new option there it's valid at participating restaurants, which they always clarify
But like I feel like if a restaurant is not participating
That's a pretty good sign that you're not gonna walk away with that particular way, but no look what and not only that Krystal
You're in charge to make a participate. Why are you giving your restaurants like I don't want to do that deal
Also, I don't think you can just have
Item on the menu that is name of restaurant snack
I think if I ever went to McDonald's and they're like, do you want McDonald's snack?
Especially when the name of the restaurant is another noun like do you want a Krystal snack?
It sounds like a rock golem with it, right? Absolutely with a side of pebbles. What are you talking about?
Real quick. I just want to mention that Ray J
Actually, this is a quote
Ray J actually reached out to us
Through our head of creative marketing
You guys know the head of creative marketing for Krystal, right?
Two chains
No, it's two chains and he wanted to get involved in spreading the word about Krystal
They're building like an MCU of sponsors. He's like, hi, it's Ray J. I'd like to help get the word out about Krystal
Not a lot of people know this but two chains got his name because he owns two different things in the restaurant chain Krystals
There's two different restaurants
Oh man, that's got to be a humble pot
Two chains one on I-64 and the other one on I-75 stop on by anytime you want to be happy to see you
That's gotta take a little bit of a win at a two chain sales reason. I cannot get this across the finish line on my
Own two chains. I'm I must I must bring him I must assemble the team
I don't have the I don't have the like self-confidence to become three chains
No that point in the beach where there was only two chains. That's when I was carrying you. I'm Ray J
I do want to say not a lot of people know this it's short for Ray Jesus. I
Want to have it don't think so. I want to check in real quick on Carl Laredo
My one of my favorite hype men in the biz worried about Carl Wendy's is adding sweet twists to its breakfast menu
That's right. Homestyle French toast sticks. It's happening
It's a sweet new taste at when at Wendy's but how did they settle on this?
Well, Carl said our homestyle French toast sticks strike a perfect note of nostalgia and bring even more morning flavor to our menu
This time with something sweet from day one
We launched our breakfast offering to save fans from the boring and bland morning options that exists some of our competitors. Yep
We've done just that so you get so caught they were like Carl. I
Love when QSR does this they did an interview. They're like Carl how in the fuck man?
This how did you do this and he said we have a couple options and we really honed in on
French toast as a platform. Yeah, I love when he uses that word
The reason being is that there's there's only certain foods at breakfast time that consumers love
But are really difficult to actually put together. Yes, but also carry a lot of emotional benefits. Oh fuck
Yeah, so we start this program of focusing on nostalgia
We could have done waffles, but you know, unfortunately waffles
There's so many that are out there and yeah, they're really bad
Carl and and it hearkens back to mom or dad pulling out waffles of the freezer
And there's always freezer burn. Yeah
But I'm just reading it
Carl is a fucking artist. He's like the Gene Shepard
Like of our time the story he's creating I am sucked into this
So it hearkens back to mom or dad pulling waffles of the freezer. There's always freezer burn. It wasn't really all that special
Pancakes which are honestly just like dry mix and you mix water and then you throw it in a pan
Take that fucking pancakes. You're on blast Carl Laredo's coming for you
Bullshit fuck. Yeah, fuck that play. Anyway, this is sort of pan
It lacked a little bit the extra love that's needed French toast
Interested so without research we discovered French toast is one of those things that was super special
Hi, I'm a researcher Carl and I've got the report in and turns out French toast is super special
You just swirls a beaker around and the fluid turns from blue to purple and he's like it's special
The French toast molecule collide with the syrup molecule and we did it the God particle
Smell this beaker. Oh, what is that waffles? That's not no
This is conjuring images of freezer burn and just mother and father taking him out of the freezer
It's like my mother and father who I hate
now this
Real quick, what's the key differentiating factor of your French toast eggs from the others?
Carl says it took us a year
It took us a year. We went through 18 different whenever they say that
I always wonder is that like six of the same people rolling up to the office every morning?
They're like, well time to make some more fucking Frankie toast
This is Carl Laredo a French fry visionary
So yes Justin I'm going to say that this was Carl and maybe a team of five that had to rotate out Carl CMO
He's just a hype man. He's not out there
He's not like chef Mike out there like developing recipes like he perhaps you don't remember the fucking poetry that
Carl Laredo laid down about
Wendy's new crispy fries. No, I know he spits words, but he doesn't like fry fries himself
Yeah, you assume
It took us a year. We went through 18 different iterations to get this right
So if I could just do a little bit of math
Real quick, if everyone could just be patient. I'm just pulling up my calculator
Real quick. Nope. That's my cat. Are you dividing 365 by 18? So if real quick if I divide
365 by
18 I get
20 so
They would make it for 20 days every 20 days. They're like, no, no, I quit
Do it again
Get me a new batch of French toast of
Chefs of chefs you're out. We have to make the French toast just like your mom grandma your dad
Whoever it was that made it in your house talking dog the robot Butler, whatever it is
The
big French ghost
The magic oven whatever
Well boy, you're sometimes you just wake up at the French toast is there and you live alone and not sure whatever
candelabra
3d printer
Whoever it doesn't matter the French toast tree you grew outside that everyone said would never work
But look where you got the void gate in the ceiling. We're getting you get it from doesn't matter
So we went through okay. Hey, so we start with Texas toast
It goes through an actual egg and dairy and vanilla sugar mix. It's Royale. It's it's a custard
I'm just reading by the way, if I had this for your eyes. Wow. Okay. Yeah, it's a Royale
It's a custard. We make sure it sits in this Royale for the right amount of time. Notice. He's not saying the right amount
No, it's like that's trade secret
It's got to absorb and then actually go through a griddle process
yeah, because you actually want to get all the caramelization around the French toast to get that
Caramelization color and more importantly
the flavor
Then when we get it to a restaurant
This is just a quick flash fry to get it crispy on the outside and you maintain the custard interior
That's what we want to land on
It took us this long because we didn't want to launch until we got it, right?
Hey, if I could just say Carl fucking great instincts, man. Yeah
You don't want to do a you don't want to do a soft open on this one on some shitty toast
We're at this one's in beta. So just try it and if you don't like it, it's it's fine
We weren't gonna stick with it. Anyway, it's fine. I do want to say it sounds like he did describe how to make French toast
Yes, which I should mention
Is not hard to do my friend. It's really not if that's the goal. It's like my mom won't make me French toast anymore
I'm going to Wendy's
Sorry, dad
No time for this. Anyway there, you know how your your
Caregiver always cut your French toast into sticks and then parted it in a cardboard sleeve and charge you five dollars
Yeah
The memory the magic is back, but unfortunately the magic is also ended damn
I bet you putting them in the in a frosty. I bet that goes down real. Oh, fuck you magic
I mean of podcasting we've made podcasts. We've had a great time enjoyed each other's company enjoyed your company
Well, you were kind enough to be here with us, but this show has come to an end
Not that it is a show it is a conversation
And not that it's come to an end because now we have important details. We need to share with you. Correct Travis. It's a conversation
Well, we have an ad survey running right now over at maximum fun org slash survey
It's an annual like business stuff. Okay, it's an annual survey that helps to make sure our advertisers are well matched with their audience
So, thank you very much. We're gonna be at Dragon Con and September 1st through the 5th details are coming soon
We're gonna update bit ly slash McElroy tours as soon as we have more info and folks. We are so excited
We have brand new tour dates
If you are in or around or want to get to San Jose, California or Denver
We're going to be in San Jose with an adventure zone show September 29th
San Jose again on September 30th with my brother my brother and me and we're gonna be in Denver
October 1st with my brother my brother and me those tickets are going to go on sale this Friday the 19th at noon
local to those shows
So one more time September 29th, San Jose Taz
September 30th San Jose my brother my brother and me and October 1st Denver in BNB am that this
Friday tickets go on sale noon local time. You can get those tickets at bit dot ly slash
McElroy tours exciting stuff speaking of you can head there bit dot ly slash McElroy tours to get tickets for Washington DC
Detroit Michigan and Cincinnati Ohio in the fall in November
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative covered test within 72 hours of event start is required
We got a whole bunch of great merch over at McElroy merch calm including a girl plushie
That is so cute and if God's not dead. How do you explain these gains t-shirt by Lucas Hespin Hyde?
10% explain things. I tried to explain that shirt to Sidney and it didn't go great. No, it's
It's unexplainable inexplicable 10% of all proceeds this month for merch sales go to the Center for Reproductive Rights
So check all that stuff out at McElroy merch comm pre-orders for the 11th hour our
5th graphic novel in the adventure zone series
The pre-orders are open now if you go to the adventure zone comic comm it's gonna come out February 21st
2023 get that pre-order now
Thanks to montaigne for these for our theme song. My life is better with you
It's a it's a dope track montaigne actually has some new some new tracks out that are
They make they will make it your booty
Like pop to the music to the rhythm in a good way in a great way it feels great
I was I was doing that yesterday and it felt suit. It was good for my back
Oh, okay music was great and the music was great, too. So check those out
And thanks to maximum fun for having us on the network. Thanks maximum fun. You're well on the network. Whoa
Jesse, where'd you come from? It's me. Jesse. I've descended from the heavens. Whoa, cool. Yep
So that's it for the show I love you Griffin, how do we know how long it's been since we've sat down to record
What I've been ma'am, it's been forever forever. Yeah. Yeah, maybe this is a good time for us to do like a quick
reboot
Refresh of how we end the show and maybe and this is just something I've been kicking around for a while
It's not always contingent on me saying a funny thing
Though yeah
For sure and that's great
But if we could find a way to have some of the pressure be taken off of me and put on you all for a while
I think that that would be cool Griffin's right Griffin's right
So at the end of every episode, I would like Griffin to start suggesting a bit that Travis and I can try
next time and
Then we'll see how it goes
but this still does feel like a lot of pressure on me to generate the
It's like you're asking me to write this one time just this one time. I'm gonna write a skit and then
We'll talk about it in between see if it works and then if that's the one
Okay, no more work from you required if it's not the one you just come up with another one
And certainly that will be the one. Okay, so it's we're at a Jamba Juice. Okay, and
You're but you both work there. You both work at the Jamba Juice
only
one of you is
Like a among us imposter and you're trying to do bad things to the juice. Oh great
Yeah, but it's up to the audience to try and figure out which one of you is trying to hurt the juice
But we won't tell them so let's actually play that out right now. Oh, we'll try that next week
Travis and Justin are both my name is Jamba Juice employees and one of them is up to no good. I'm Travis McElroy
What do you want in your juice? Can you solve the mystery? What do you want in your juice?
Hey respond to that. I tried to do something different Griffin and you see what happened. It fucking claps around
It's like a house of cards. What do you want your juice? I would like some strawberries and are you in the scene?
Yeah, you didn't want to participate. I'm the customer you two are employees of the Jamba. I'm gonna piss in your juice
Okay, you're the customer and Travis start over Travis. Don't make it that obvious. I'm pissing in your juice
Like we always do start over start over. We can't say that about okay. I might piss in your juice. Hi
I would like to have a hello. Can I have a okra strawberries?
Yeah, and I'm gonna put okra in him oh
Boy, I'm Griffin. I'm Travis. I'm great. I'm juice
This has been my brother my brother he kissed your dad scrub the lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
