The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, Jurassic Park is back in IMAX and 3D, and to pay homage to the return
of John Hammond's dream, we are broadcasting this special Max Fun Drive episode of My Brother,
My Brother, Me in IMAX and 3D and shit. What's a box? 40. No, what's a box? Tesseract.
Tesseract sound and... What's that? The sound folds the space between your ears.
D-box. We got D-box in it, and also lasers are in it.
So it's much like the Jurassic Park relaunch. It's the same fucking movie. So yeah, I guess,
yeah, $13 for a ticket for a movie I already saw. Okay. Yeah, that's cool. Did you change anything?
Did you change anything? It could also be a lot more laughable now whenever they talk about
hacking and her computer skills and the internet. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? No one knows.
Reading the fucking reviews of this 40-year-old movie that has been re-released. This is an
excerpt from Richard Corliss, Time Magazine's movie critic. The 3D process adds not just dimension,
but depth. A technological extension of cinematographer Greg Toland's deep focus
innovations in The Grapes of Wrath and Citizen Kane. The change in perspective creates greater
intensity. Thanks, Dick. How's the fucking dinosaurs? How do they look? The depth in
the field of focus is unlike anything I've ever seen in the original Jurassic Park.
Just tell me about the fucking velociraptors. How sick are they? Are they still awesome?
Here's what would totally make me go see that movie. If they added a short scene at the beginning
with people digging in South America for the amber stuff, and they uncover a chunk of amber
with a movie reel in it, and they're like, ah, we can remake it. We can do this again.
Jurassic Park was impressive in 1993. 20 years later, it's flawless. Same fucking movie,
dog. I didn't see it in 1993 going, where's my crispness? I actually slept through it because
I was six. I was a sleepy bear. Yeah, you were so little. My joke that I have been leaning on
and really deploying a lot recently is, and I actually just got a chance to do this yesterday.
I was at the Tri-State Combo Convention, and someone told, I was there with Sydney,
and we ran into a friend of hers, a coworker actually. He said, yeah, we're going to finish
here, and then I'm going to go see Jurassic Park. And I said, oh man, you're just going to love it.
It's really tense, and there's dinosaurs and stuff. I don't know how you've missed it this long.
Spoiler alert. Life runs away. What's the joke? The joke is that everybody's already seen Jurassic
Park, so it's not like he's seeing it. He didn't laugh either. Are you the same person that when
Titanic came out, you're like, I hear the boat sinks at the end. Sorry, spoiler alert. Yeah,
exactly. I hear the boat sinks. You're a horrible person. You're one of those fucking dicks.
You're a horrible person. I'm not ruining the plot or anything. Hey, this is an advice show
where we take your questions into wisdom. I want to start off with a question, and then we'll do
other questions, and then I will stop recording. Just see where it goes. We should mention the
second week of our Max Fun Drive two-week long spectacular. You're going to get a bonus length
app this week, and we're going to tell you all about how important Justin just ejaculated.
It is untenable to do this show for an hour, but I have to tell you guys, when you're staring down
the barrel of an hour and 15 minutes of goofs, it is simply, simply incomprehensible to me.
I don't know how I'm going to be funny that long. Well, it's going to be incomprehensible to our
listeners as well. We'll see if they kick it with us for an hour and 15. Just relax with us and kick
it. Here's our first question. Here's what we'll do. We'll just keep going until you all drop out.
We're going to keep the show going, and you just bail, whatever. Yeah. We're playing chicken with
you right now, dearly. No friction, zero friction. It's a free podcast. You don't have to, you know,
you're not paying us. You should. You should be. Max Fun Drive 2013. Here's our first question.
My girlfriend and I recently got into a bit of a tiff over a TV spoiler. She just started watching
The X-Files, and I offhandedly mentioned that I heard it was no good after David Duchovny left.
What the fuck? I didn't know that either. I've only seen like four seasons of X-Files.
What the fuck? It was so bad when the Terminator showed up and started killing everyone.
Where does he go? David Duchovny? He went to do Californication. Yeah. Have fun solving
these alien mysteries. I'm going to go get my dick wet on the reg every day. I'm going to go
have sex with Susan, it's a random daughter. Is that real? Yeah. No, I think she plays his daughter
on the show. Or is that how it is? I don't know. I've never seen it. I hear it's pornographic.
You're guessing then. When they're cut up like that, can one of them even continue on the X-Files?
I don't think so. They're like, sorry, you're down to the J-Files now.
I don't think you're ready for the X-Files anymore. When you had two of you, you were prepped. You
had the faculties. Now I'm going to bump you down to J, maybe R if you're good. So she got a bit
annoyed and considered it a spoiler, and he just considered it common knowledge about the program
and its history. I wouldn't think it's a spoiler to say that Steve Carell eventually leaves the
office or the doctor who eventually regenerates. They just seem like facts about the show.
Brothers, what constitutes a spoiler? And that's from Spoiled in South Slope.
This is interesting because I think it has to do with our modern age, with this modern era that
we're trying to fucking get people through every day, through this wasteland that we're leading the
underground railroad through, is the fucking, it's the internet. Like everything, it's the internet.
Because in 1990, 80, when this fucking X-Files show was on, there was no internet. So David,
the company left, you didn't know about it. The only reason, the only way you could watch it
is on TV or on VHS that your dad recorded. I remember when it was on in 1990, 80 too.
Yeah. For good years.
It's a super old show, is what I'm saying. Office, Steve Carell leaves the show,
and fucking people are on the street with it tattooed on their goddamn face.
They have a hyperlink to a Huffington Post article about Steve Carell leaving,
tattooed on their face. Everybody knows it.
This is also different though because in this, that has happened since, like okay,
I don't think you could have escaped the news of Steve Carell leaving the office. That happened
post internet age. David, the company leaving the X-Files though, that was a long time ago.
That was probably before the internet.
But Justin, to finish out your argument, that's like saying like, Darth is Luke's father. Oh,
what the shit? Spoiler alert, man.
That is a spoiler. I don't know why you'd do that.
I'm sorry. I didn't say his last name. It could be Darth anybody.
You could still spoil loss for people, is what I'm saying.
Could you?
I still think there's a, I still think that loss spoilers are like in effect, I feel like.
So let's, there's a hierarchy, right? Let's rank them. Number one, Breaking Bad. If you
fucking say anything that has ever happened throughout the fullness of Breaking Bad,
you're a bag of dicks.
But I will say that the difference is that's still running.
It's not.
Right, that's what I'm saying. That's the, that's the, I'm establishing,
I'm establishing the worst thing you can do. And to me, that is Breaking Bad.
Even like Game of Thrones, there's books. So like people can read that shit if they want to know.
You know what I mean? Breaking Bad, number one. And then, I mean, it goes down the whole AMC
list, right? I've never watched Mad Men. If somebody told me shit about Mad Men,
I'd be upset because I'm going to get there one day.
You'll get there eventually. What do you, what is it that you're waiting for?
I'm waiting for them. I watch an episode and just the way they treat those women is just like.
It's too much for you.
It really is too much. I'm watching it like Beyonce, like, like, baby, I,
baby, I'm sorry that they, that things were like this back then.
And they still are like this in parts of the world. Third world, second world countries,
developing nations, California, Californication.
Sometimes spending too long in a world without internet, even via television or
ironically, the internet makes you feel like fucking claustrophobic.
When I look at them and I realized that that is a phone on their desk and it is not anything
other than a phone on their desk. Like, and that's how they do their work. And if they need to,
I get a little, it's a little much for me. It's a little dour.
Yeah. That's what makes the amazing race so difficult.
Because there are these countries, you get exposed to what people are living like in other.
And some people are like, I saw people on that show dancing and it didn't seem to be for like
money or anything. They just seem to be dancing to pass the time.
Yeah. Well, that's, well, I mean, it's also the most beautiful thing.
It's the most beautiful thing in the world that people are just dancing
for the, for the feel of it. You know what I mean?
Not for tips or anything?
No, no. Well, actually in this, in this scenario.
In this particular challenge, they had to get $10 in tips before they could bounce, but.
Okay. Okay.
A hundred rand if memory serves.
I would, I would say that the funny thing of this question is the opposite side of
this question is when you start watching the show after it's already been on like 10 years.
She can't roll up to her friends and be like, oh my God, you guys,
I just found this new show is called X-Files. You should all check it out.
But like, okay. I think there's a converse relation to the statute of limitations ending
and the value of like talking about it.
I think it's just, just be fucking polite. Like, have you watched X-Files?
Yes. Man, when, when, when Chovny leaves, it really takes a nosedive. Yeah, I know.
I was there when that happened so I can talk to you about it. Hey, have you seen X-Files?
No, I haven't. Well, then I'm not going to tell you about this.
Hey, and Guy, can I just like double underline that what you said about it,
she said she's enjoying this new program. And for you to come along and be like, oh,
oh, enjoy it while it lasts. Cause I hear it gets shitty. It drives me fucking crazy when
people do that. They'll try to do any discussion of the West wing. It is always like, just make
sure you stop watching before after season five. Well, fuck those people because six and seven
gets good. But the thing is about West Wing, and I'm sure other shows are like this too,
is it takes persistence. I fucked up my first time watching West Wing. I watched that
fucking episode in season five. Oh, that fucking episode where he's like, shut it down. And then
I did shut down my Xbox and I stopped watching the goddamn television program because it was so bad.
No, I mean, and it gets crazy. And John Goodman's president for a while. It gets fucking nuts.
But we just spoiled, you just fucking spoiled something, Justin. Justin? What? You just fucking,
somebody's listening right now that's on season four and a half of West Wing. Like,
can't wait to experience this in my own, in real time. And you just fucking looped on.
It's going to be such a heightened, no, it is, I have heightened the experience
because if you're watching West Wing and constantly wondering, is this when John
Goodman becomes president? Can I see? Is he bit by John Goodman and at the full moon,
he transforms into- He becomes Goodman.
That's not outside the realm of- Your hand looked like a shoulder stake. I'm sorry,
I don't know what to tell you. I just read a great Onion article where it was about a friend
one season ahead and TV show of another friend gives him mystic wisdom about upcoming events.
And that's what, and that's, let's not lie. Like that's exactly when we talk about how six and
seven gets so much better and you guys, oh, you got to stick with it. It's because we're so fucking
cultured and experienced and- Oh, when someone says like, oh, have you made it to season three yet?
Ah, just wait for season three. They're not doing that to help you. They're not your friends.
Sometimes though they're helping. Like when they say that, make sure you stick around for season
2.5 of Battlestar. You might not know that there is a 2.5, you might skip it, go straight to three
and then you're like, where's Starbuck? A lot of shows are hard to watch.
Battlestar Galacta is hard to like watch right. Like you can mess it up very easily.
You got to go 3.2 up to 4.1 and then you got to drop back down to 3.8 for the webisodes.
A lot of important canonical extensions in those webisodes. So don't miss it. You got to watch
Razor, Razor, Razor 2, drop back to Caprica, hop back on for Heart of the Swarm and then drop
back down. You got to watch Razor, but backwards. So, Spoilers on a Slope, in short, you were the
jerk this time. Because it was really silly of you to tell her it gets bad. Like what,
why would you even say that? Unless you were warning her that it gets better,
which I don't think it does. Sorry, X-Files. You guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, yeah I do. This Yahoo was sent in by two different people,
one of whom was Jacob Blocker, one of whom was Jack Howard. I don't know how it happened.
It's a mystical occurrence. Are they working together?
I think that they fucking work together, except they were sent like days apart. So they probably
found it together and then Jack was like, yeah, let's wait until Tuesday to send this in. And then
he fucking got the jump on it on Saturday. Anyway, thank you both. It's by Yahoo Institute user
Manuel who asks, is it okay to eat in the bathroom at McDonald's? Hi. Hello. How are you? Whenever I
go to McDonald's, I always eat in the bathroom. I've been doing this for five years now without
a problem. I think that saying without a problem is very generous.
Well, yeah, let's break that term down. Like the fucking McDonald's bouncer's not going to kick the
door and be like, I've been following your trail for five years. It goes straight from the fucking
cash register to the bathroom. So it was not a very difficult trail to follow.
You got to think though, that if he's been going to the same McDonald's,
that the cashiers are starting to talk. Oh, I hope he's not going to- I hope nobody's
going to the same McDonald's. Except for that dude in Supersize Me.
Oh, new guy, don't worry. That's just bathroom Steve.
That dude in Supersize Me, who's like, I ate 5,000 Big Macs. I eat six a day. And it's like,
that's great. But like, can you do them at different McDonald's's? So they're not like,
oh, here comes Big Mac Mac. Cause his name's Mac.
His name is also Mac.
His name is also Mac.
Can you-
And it's like, why wouldn't you just call him Big Mac? If that's the case.
Can you imagine-
Well, cause he was actually very thin, if I remember correctly. He was a thin man.
He was fucking disgusting.
Can you imagine you're on a road trip, you park a car, you park a car,
you park, you pull into a McDonald's, you run, you make a rush for the bathroom,
promising yourself that you'll go back and buy a Hi-C or something.
You go to the bathroom, you open the stall door, and there's just this guy,
hunched over, jamming chicken strips into his-
Occupied, occupied, occupied with flavor.
Is he voiding though, while he eats, is the question.
I should hope not.
Is this, have we ever told the corncob story?
I feel like we have to have told the corncob story,
cause it's the best thing that's ever happened.
No, to my knowledge, we have not.
The perfect diagram of efficiency that is the corncob story.
The corncob story is, we were at a trailer, trailer park?
No.
It was a trailer park campground.
It was a trailer park campground, which is like,
I don't care how fucking temporary your stay is,
you're living in a trailer park for the period that you were there.
We were staying there with our cousins or uncles or, I think it was Tim and Tom, right?
And so we were staying there, and we were walking the grounds,
seeing the sights, checking out, scoping some whinnies.
And we went to the bathroom, and it was one of those deplorable kinds of bathrooms,
with no doors on the stalls.
So like, those technically aren't even-
Which are not bathrooms.
In my opinion, they're not bathrooms.
They're not bathrooms.
They're fucking temporary concentration camps that you can walk out of.
They're risky water fountains, as far as I'm concerned.
There's nothing-
They're little public jails.
And we walked in, and I was walking, you know,
just checking to see if maybe one of these fucking stalls had a door on it,
because it's 1999, and we're living in a civilized goddamn world.
And kind of, I mean, we were in a trailer park.
And walked by one stall, and I didn't look long,
because it's like, I guess, a crime.
But there was a little kid, I would say half chubby.
I mean, he was half fat.
Not either party in this scenario was half chubby.
He was this half fat kid, and he was sitting there taking a poop.
And while he was taking a poop, he was also eating some corn on the cob.
He was eating his corn on the cob while voiding.
And I walked out and made a hand gesture to-
I forget who was with me.
I made a hand gesture, like a fucking SWAT team.
Like, I can't talk.
I can't-
I'm about to lose my fucking mind laughing.
You need to go walk eight feet in that direction and look westward.
Turn your eyes westward towards-
Corncob boy.
Corncob boy.
And then we'll talk-
We will-
I did a little loop with my finger to say we will do some recon later on this.
We will get together and discuss it in a group.
Not now, though.
For now, we are completely-
Not now.
I need your total silence.
We're deep within enemy territory.
I need you to walk there.
I need it to be very clear that I did not say,
hey, go check out this kid with no pants on.
You have to keep it totally cash.
You got to keep it cash.
Cash.
Turn.
Say-
Oh, excuse me.
Say, like, excuse me, or how's that corn?
Pretty good, I bet, since you couldn't fucking tear yourself away from it.
Couldn't leave it on the pic-a-nic table.
Go void.
Go evacuate, and then return to your biz.
There was a moment in this kid's life where he was eating corn,
realized he needed to use the bathroom with the-
Well, I can't leave this here.
I get it.
I mean, he buttered it.
And once you butter it, it's like, that's your day.
Yeah.
That's your day until it's done.
That's your day.
Have you ever thought about it from this kid's point of view,
that maybe, like, Griffin's acknowledgement of him
and, like, just the look on Griffin's face changed this kid's life?
Turned his life around.
That kid grew up Steve Jobs.
He grew up super fast.
He grew up Steve Jobs.
Anyway, maybe that's what this kid-
Maybe that's who's asking this question.
It's fine, right?
Um, it's not okay.
I mean, I get it.
Like, I hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
It's not just McDonald's.
It's anything going inside of a fast food restaurant when I-
You know what I mean?
Like, unless I am on a road trip and I'm going to use the bathroom,
I'm never like, hey, you guys want to get out and eat inside?
Like, the answer to that question is always no.
No.
I can't even imagine-
I don't understand why most fast food restaurants have dining rooms.
Like, I really-
I think it's- It's also, I think, for kids' parties in the 90s.
I think it's one of those vestig-
Yes.
It's one of those like crazy vestigial things of-
There was a simpler time in the 1950s where you would go
and Speedy would bring you out a tasty burger,
bring it right out to you,
and you'd sit there with your family after church,
and it would smell so clean.
And now, like, that's not-
Every McDonald's, it's been around for longer than six months.
It's like caked in funk, and you have to-
That's not fair or accurate.
McDonald's are pristine.
Many McDonald's are pristine.
Some McDonald's are clean.
Okay.
Okay.
You're right.
When was the last time you were inside a steak and shake?
I don't think I've been here.
They don't have those here.
Well, because it is that.
Like, it's an actual, like, restaurant inside,
and like that full-on you walk into a time warp and you're in the 50s.
Yeah.
And like, there's families everywhere.
It's crazy. Sorry, tangent, but it blows my mind.
So if you want to see some families,
cruise on down to the steak and shake,
and you can scope all the families, all the families you like.
I just go down there and family watch, you know what I mean?
And if you want to see a half-fat kid eating corn on the cob,
if you want to see-
I know what you're talking about, though,
because you don't see that in adults, really,
but like, you would see that in little kids a lot,
mainly because, I guess, little kids have to have their show.
Yeah, but like, you would see kids who are like skinny
to about like three inches above their belly button,
and then they're fat below there.
And then it got around, yeah.
It's like bingo from the biggest-
this latest season, the biggest loser, except like after, after he-
and like, I don't want to fucking put bingo on blast,
and I don't want to salt his game or anything like that,
because he worked really hard.
He had a broken ankle for a long time,
and he still managed to drop like 70 pounds,
which for a 10-year-old kid is like everything,
but he was still a little weak.
Yeah, he was a little weak.
Everything, but he was still a little, little, you know what I mean?
They're mean to him on that show.
Did you read about-
Oh man, it is a brutal environment.
Yeah, well, yeah, because you had fucking Jillian Michaels like,
if you don't eat this okra, you're gonna eat my shit!
And then she put shit down Bingo's throat.
Hey, speaking of eating stuff, I can't eat eggs.
Not because of allergenic reasons.
Ever since I was a toddler,
I just couldn't bring myself to eat them.
Scrambled, poached, boiled, even mixed with fried rice.
You name it.
Over the years, I've tried it.
Can't even chew them.
Really want to like them.
Not only for the protein content,
but my GF apparently makes devastating scrambled eggs
that I would love to try.
Oh, brothers, what can I do to change my senses and love eggs?
That's from eggs.
Eggervated in Egan.
I have a hard time not picturing him
putting eggs in his mouth and going,
it's not working!
I can't do it!
How do you move your teeth around these things?
How does anyone eat eggs?
This reminds me of Bingo from Biggest Loser
trying to eat vegetables.
Can't do it.
You can lead a horse to water,
but you can't make Bingo eat vegetables.
That's what Bingo's dad always says.
I don't understand the question.
You don't like them, you mean?
Because it's okay not to like some food.
Can I say, listen, I get it.
Because this is how I feel about mayonnaise.
But I have no reason.
I have no justification.
There is no background to it.
I just don't want to eat it.
That's crazy that you don't like mayonnaise, first of all.
I get it.
Do you know what mayonnaise is, Travis, right now?
Can you tell me right now what mayonnaise is?
It's basically just like solid fat.
No.
It's oil.
No, you're wrong.
It's an egg and it's oil and that's all that it is.
I know for a fucking fact you love both of those things.
You will fry an egg in oil and you'll eat that.
That's mayonnaise.
Better men than you have tried to dissect my problem with mayonnaise.
No, mayonnaise is gross.
You don't want to know the messed up thing?
What?
If it's like on something and I'm unaware of it, I have no problem with it.
Oh, sure.
But if someone says like, do you want mayonnaise on it?
I'm like, oh, no.
But that's mayonnaise's only job is to fucking ghost it on a sandwich to make it a little wetter.
That's it.
This is my problem, though.
But like, here's the thing with all condiments.
And I stayed away from condiments for a good part of my life.
Because it feels better to just be natural.
Because I just want a raw dog.
Just want a raw sandwich.
No, I stayed away from it because people would, restaurants especially, will always over apply.
A little thin layer of mayo can be appealing.
But you don't ever get that anywhere.
It's like, that's how much mayo you get.
You get how much of mayo.
How much mayo would you like a, or would you like?
That's what you get.
I always, if I bite a sandwich and mayonnaise gooshes out of it,
my dining experience has come to an abrupt halt.
That's the end of my dining experience.
You bite it and then like a solid jet of it shoots out.
And it gets on your grandma.
And then that's Nutty Professor 3.
You're welcome.
You're welcome, Nutty Professor 3.
Enjoy the clumps.
So I'm betting that this guy's problem is like purely mental.
That it's just like, oh, eggs?
No.
Eggs is a big fucking.
That's a huge.
I don't, I couldn't make it without eggs.
Couldn't make it.
How do you eat breakfast tacos?
I ate eggs inside my breakfast tacos yesterday.
I'd say like, it's a four times a week thing for me.
You can't see the thing though where it's like, oh, that's like a chicken baby.
Oh, it's not that.
I don't think it's that.
It doesn't seem to be conceptually bothering this person.
I think maybe you should just start trying different styles.
Like you need to find a handhold in the world of eggs.
And then like build from there.
Eggs are a protein and they are a vehicle for other flavors.
And that vehicle can be delivered in so many different ways.
That's what's craziest to me.
Is you can fucking disguise it in so many.
I put a little Fox Point seasoning in it and a little salt and a little pepper.
And that's it.
And it doesn't taste anything like eggs.
Tastes like fucking Fox Point seasoning.
What's Fox Point seasoning?
It's a, you know, it's a special, I don't know.
It just came with the, it came with the seasoning set that Rachel got me for my birthday.
A couple of years ago.
And it's fucking delicious.
Hey, here's some free, speaking of spices, here's some free advice to everybody.
Yeah.
If it's been a few years since you've used a spice, check the expiration date on it.
Oh, Fox Point doesn't go bad.
It won't ever hurt you, but you will really lose a lot of potency.
I bought some new crushed red pepper flakes and I stopped using the jar I've been using
for five years.
I bought some new crushed red pepper flakes and it was honestly, it was like being able
to taste again after being in some sort of heat loop.
See, I just go to, I just go to Pizza Hut during, when they have their lunch buffet
and I just scoop up the red pepper flakes, just throw them in my pocket.
Fill your pockets full.
Fill my pockets, just put, you know, pepper flakes and Parmesan.
I do the same thing with the carrot shreddings.
Those are delicious.
My jam with eggs right now, and this is really delicious, is I make an omelet and I cook
some apple slices in brandy and cinnamon and then put the apple slices into the omelet.
I learned that from the Frugal Gourmet, who it turns out is a child molester guy, sort
of.
Oh no!
I know, right?
I was so bummed.
That story just went from my extreme fascination of cinnamon apples and eggs.
Why haven't, aw man.
But no, guys, seriously, he taught me how to make the best omelets and I don't, you know,
he can have a kid or two as far as I'm concerned.
That's not, oh no, Justin, no!
I don't mean it like that.
We don't need to lay a sacrifice at the feet of the Frugal Gourmet.
I'm not gonna sit here and pass judgment on Frugal Gourmet.
Okay, Justin, what if that kid was corncob boy?
Now don't you feel bad.
Isn't there egg on your face?
Just eat these fucking eggs.
You can, oh my god, there's eggs in everything you eat.
I have a second suggestion that might help.
What's that?
I mean, it's how you train dogs, but have a little bit egg along with your favorite
kind of food and just pair them together until eventually you're gonna create a new
connection that eggs are good and they remind you of your favorite food.
Put a little bit of egg on the tip of your nose and then when I ring this bell,
I want you to jump up and grab it.
You laugh, but that'd be a really impressive trick.
It would be because eggs are super floppy.
I made the mistake this week of, I thought the Onion AV Club, when they did podcast reviews,
they only like did them about episodes that were good and a few weeks ago,
we, I guess we put up a rock as they say in the e-ball world and they said like,
they called us on and they said, wow, they really threw an air ball this time.
Real clunker.
And now like anytime we're recording, the only voice I can hear is the voice of the AV Club.
So they're like, there is a prolonged 20 minute discussion of egg preparation.
I do not recommend to anyone.
Right, but then you go fucking switch over to egg blog podcast reviews and they're like,
A plus, best ep ever.
Go see it, five stars.
Drop some money on them.
Finally, the McElroy's break their three year long egg silence and fucking get on.
Actually it is three years on the 30th, right?
Wednesday, the 10th, April 10th was our first time.
Jesus Christ, I can't fucking believe how long you've been doing this stupid goddamn show.
Hey, if you want us to keep doing this goddamn show,
you're going to have to get up in the Max Fund Drive.
It is our annual fundraiser to help collect money for the maximum fun podcast network,
of which we are a proud, proud member.
This is our third Max Fund Drive.
I'm sure that most of you know the score, especially if you listened last week.
If you don't, we are raising money for Max Fund Drive, for the maximum fund network.
We get paid, I think it's safe to say, I know you guys are uncomfortable talking about finances.
We make bank!
We make bank, we get that sticky green, is that weed or money?
It's both.
We get the money and we spend it on weed and that money comes from you.
We're a donor supported network, which is amazing.
Jesse Thorn wrote up a big essay about why it is a donor supported network and it's moving.
So go look that up and find it.
But yeah, we have, we collect monthly donations at a number of different levels.
There's something for whatever price point you can work with.
We have a $10 donation level, $20, $35, all the way up to $200.
For doing that, you not only support us and help grow the show and help bring new shows to the Max
Fund Network, which this past year we've seen crazy expansion with RISK and the Memory Palace
and Wham Bam Pow and what up, God, One Bad Mother just opened up, Dave Hill's podcasting incident.
It's like we've doubled the network this year and every show is just delightful.
There's really no collection of media anywhere else on internet or otherwise.
But anyway, you help support us. You also get some pretty dope gifts.
Justin, you want to break some of those down for us?
So if you give us $10 a month, that is super generous of you.
And to say thank you, we are going to send you some very cool Maximum Fun earbuds.
They are branded with our distinctive Rocketship logo and they are fresh to death.
You're also going to get a ton of, how many hours?
We figured it up, like it was like 30 something.
Like 30 some hours of donor exclusive material.
Yeah, every year we do a bonus episode.
So does every other podcast.
So based on how many years they've been, like this is our third year, we have three bonus episodes.
Plus the episode that we did for Max Fund Day in October.
Oh shit, that's right.
Yeah, and one of those episodes contains Papa McElroy.
Our daddy.
It's hilarious.
So if you have been wanting to hear from whence we came,
And if you're a previous donor, like the physical gifts are for people who are new donors or people who upgrade.
You can find all this information on MaximumFun.org forward slash donate by the way.
But if you're a previous donor, you get all that bonus shit, like regardless.
For $20 a month, we're going to give you the Intimate Sensations pack.
That is definitely, definitely, definitely a box of sex stuff.
There's a black sexy mask.
For our freaky listeners, you know you love it.
The Velvafil Massager, Rocket Lube, which is Maximum Fun Sex Lube, which I would not, I would not recommend opening for collector's value.
You're going to want to sell that.
Well, but good luck existing it when you're trying to fuck a dry butt.
And then you look over and you're like, I got the solution right here.
I have the ungent that I need to perform this.
And to be...
Or a dry vagina or a dry vagina.
Sorry, go ahead.
Travis, I just to make it clear, that's from our friends, the Extreme Restraints.
Like not only our biggest supporters, but we didn't just take a Gatorade bottle and just put some, put like a mixture of olive oil and bathwater into it.
Like it's legit.
It's legit lube.
It's going to help you fuck a butt or a vagina.
At $35, you're going to get all that stuff plus a pair of rocket engraved rocks glasses, which I would not recommend.
These are, these are some sharp glasses.
Well, they're not sharp.
You're not going to like cut your mouth to the touch.
They're smooth.
They've got a thick, heavy bottom.
You can pour just like spirits in it.
Just like Travis got a thick ass.
You pour, you pour your spirits in this and you have a good time with friends.
There's two of them.
So you can have maybe an intimate date.
Maybe you fill it with rocket lube and then you pour the rocket lube from the glass into a dry butt.
Maybe you pour it into your own butt because like, maybe you're at like a festival and it's like, it's really dry down there or it gets really swampy.
We'll pour a little lube in there.
It'll fix you right up.
Maybe your window is a little...
Also, if you, if you massage the lube into a bald man's head, his hair will grow back.
His hair will grow back because you got streaks on your windows.
Just throw some lube on it and then wipe it down and then shove it in your ass.
The window?
The whole window, the whole fixture right in there.
You know what they say?
A man's way to his heart is the window to the soul, which is his asshole with an actual window in it.
So I guess, so do that.
It's maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
Please do this right now while you're thinking about it.
You'll forget later.
Go do it right this second.
We can, we will be here waiting for you when you get back.
Or if you have a computer handy, just go ahead and do it.
We are, we are almost halfway.
We have a goal of a thousand new donors, which is the goal we have every year.
We don't have a thermoboner this year to track it, which is horseshit.
Typically Jesse Thorn draws up a thermometer to keep track of it,
but because he's got a boner addled mind, it always ends up looking like a boner.
Not this year, not this year.
We got some sort of HTML5 thing, which is...
It's horseshit.
It's horseshit.
But we're on track, we still need everybody's help to get there.
And we also have challenge donors who, every time we get a new donor,
they donate a certain amount of money, which is...
Does anybody know where it's at?
It was over six bucks last time, which is...
If we hit the goal of a thousand donors, it's like a lot of money.
Oh God, please gimme.
And I also want to say, lest we forget, lest we forget,
if you are a Max Fund donor from the past, we are so grateful for you.
I know that sometimes we hit the new Max Fund drive and it seems like
we're so excited about new donors and we're trying to get new people.
But if you've been a donor with us for a while, you are what makes this station happen.
Somebody pointed out to me on Twitter, they were like,
I'm uncomfortable with doing a monthly donation
because it's the same amount of Netflix or other services like that.
And the fact that there are people out there that feel like
they get the same amount of entertainment from us
and the other shows on the Max Fund Network
that they do from quote unquote professional services like that
and are willing to support us with the same amount of money,
that's fucking amazing to me.
And I'm not saying that they are mistaken in saying that
because I get literally a dozen hours of entertainment
for the Max Fund Network every week.
But I don't know, it's incredibly, incredibly flattering.
I never thought that guaranteed it would support us like that.
Netflix does not love you as much as we love you.
No, Netflix is fucking shitty, they send you broken disks
and you don't realize it until you put it in your Xbox
and it's just shrapnel in there.
I also hear they fart in every-
They fart on every, here's the thing though, it's only certain movies.
So like if you get Hope Floats, that's a farter.
If you get Serendipity, that's a farter.
If you get The Lake House, that's a farter.
Why is it all like romantic comedies?
It's all romantic comedies.
If it has John Cusack in it and he kisses a woman at the end,
then don't touch the disk with your bare hands.
That's all I'm saying.
Except for Must Love Dogs, Must Love Dogs is safe.
Except for Must Love Dogs, that's the only fart-free one.
Because it is made of farts.
Because it is a literal, oh man.
Maximumfun.org for size donate is the link.
Click it and just think about it, think about your options.
I'm in a rock band and may or may not be attempting to climb a stardom.
We've written a handful of songs and started playing them at a local karaoke.
Sorry, that word is not in this question.
I'm playing out at local venues and said horse shows.
No, house shows, not horse shows.
My problem is that after every set whenever someone attempts to compliment me on our music,
I have an overwhelming urge to ask them questions about the songs,
about my playing, about literally anything I can think of.
So my question is this, how far can I go with this?
Should I ask a question at all or just nod and thank them?
And that's from Noteless in New Jersey.
Guys, this reason, this question is, this is not a joke,
literally the reason I had to stop doing community theater.
Really?
Because coming off, there's no, whether you're in the audience or coming off the stage,
coming off the stage, that 15 minute period afterwards where people have to come up to you
and tell you how sweet your voice is or you have to tell them how you were moved and touched
by this particular performance of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
is like the worst human interaction I think that you can be party to.
Yeah, and if I may, Noteless, here's the problem.
No matter what you ask them, you're not going to believe their response.
No.
Everyone's lying.
Yeah, and if you say like, hey, so what'd you think?
And they're like, man, it was so good.
And you're like, no, really, honestly, what did you think?
No, really, it was so good.
I mean, okay, you can tell me like, cause we're trying to get better.
No, it was so good.
So good.
You're like the early shins.
I like it so much.
There is no affirmation they can give you that you're going to go, oh, okay.
Do you know what's going to be affirmation?
When you get wet panties flung on stage at show.
That's how you're going to know.
And they have to be wet?
Why do they have to be wet?
I don't know.
Why are these wet?
Hey, who threw these wet panties up on the stage?
That's gross.
I think they have to be wet for aerodynamic purposes.
I don't think you're going to cut one.
That's true.
Yeah, it's like.
Oh no, if they're dry, there's not enough mass to them.
They won't fall.
Inertia, you need the mass.
Yeah, you need inertia.
That's like the Foo Fighters had to ask people to stop throwing Mentos at them when they
played Big Me because they are hard.
Yeah, they're like little bullets.
Little minty bullets.
Please don't do that.
You're never going to get an honesty from people who are there, presumably your friends,
or even if they're not, like they're there, they're looking you dead in the eye.
If you want honesty, get on the internet.
Everyone will fucking hate you.
The only reason that we're saying this, yes, thank you Justin.
The only reason that we're saying this is because I have never said anything bad about
any art anyone's ever done to their face.
And I try not to say it on internet even because I know how nasty the internet gets.
Oh boy, howdy, does it ever.
Sheeminy creaminy.
And you know the double-edged sword is like maybe, see, everybody also has that like one
friend that's like their straight shooter friend that will be like, I'm going to give
you my honest opinion.
And you would think that in your mind, you're like, that's exactly what I want.
I want an honest opinion so I can grow and improve.
But you don't.
You super don't because then Jerry's like, I don't know, man, it just sounded a little
derivative of New Fugazi.
Do they have new stuff?
It sounds like New Fugazi to me.
If Fugazi had continued to operate as a band in an alternate dimension, this sounds very
derivative of that.
This sounds derivative of that.
Then you would say, well, Jerry, thank you for your honest opinion.
And then in your bed at night at 4 a.m.
because you can't fucking sleep, you're like, God damn it, Jerry, my whole life is in white.
Why didn't you just fucking say it was good and walk away?
Why'd you straight shoot me?
Why'd you straight shoot me in the heart?
That's why that's actually why people started bringing flowers to things because you could
give someone flowers and then walk away and you don't have to say anything.
And later they'll think, I must have talked to them because I have flowers here.
Hey, take these.
Oh, thank you.
What do you think?
I just fucking gave you flowers.
Like, I shouldn't have to tell you that.
The interaction's over.
I went to Kroger.
We're done.
I went to Kroger.
To be fair, you guys, I think you're letting your theater show because I don't think a lot
of people roll up to rock shows with flowers.
Maestro, maestro, one more.
Maestro, maestro, one more.
I say play on.
Bravissimo, bravissimo.
The flowers have to be wet though or else they won't travel.
Don't do this.
Just say, thank you so much.
And we really appreciate you coming.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Did we?
Because I mean, after our live shows-
Can you imagine if we did a My Brother, My Brother, Me live show and someone came up
afterwards and they were like, hey, that was funny.
And I was like, go on, let's down.
Tell me, are you physically exhausted from laughing?
Yeah, I mean, we don't, like after our live shows, we usually just like fucking just like
hang, right?
Like we're almost ashamed of the shit that we just did and we don't want to talk about
it.
Let's move on.
No, I'm not joking.
That's typically like, after our first live show at Second City,
we went out to that bar.
It was my birthday and I don't remember a lot of it because fucking Rocky Horror got
me blackout.
But like, we all just drank and didn't talk about it, I feel like.
Am I misremembering?
No, you're right.
No, I didn't.
I didn't talk about it.
I don't want to talk about it.
That's the thing.
I don't want to talk about it now.
We're talking a big game, but like-
That's actually the worst part about this is getting so stupid.
But like, when we do a live show and then we talk to people afterwards, I really like
being in any way like entertaining or worth listening to, I don't know if this is this
way for genuinely talented people, but for me is a finite resource.
Yeah.
I put it all into like an hour of doing a live show afterwards.
Like, I know I suck.
Like, I am not funny.
I do not have any, whatever neurons those are that connect me to saying like, not even
funny, like applicable, like even relevant.
You fried all of those connections.
You can chart that between, so our Chicago live show where we did like 20 minutes and
then we're like, what's up?
Oh, this guy.
And then our Austin live show when we did two back to back hour long episodes and went
out for like five and a half minutes and we're like, uh.
And fell asleep on the tables in the back of that monk's place.
Do you have a Yahoo?
I have a few.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Reed.
Thank you, Reed.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Miomi, who asks, well, I quitted karate.
Is that a good decision?
Trainings are hard.
My bro told me to quit.
Oh, Jesus.
Trainings are hard.
My bro told me to quit because I didn't want to attend karate, so I quitted.
My parents don't.
Hey, did you, were you found guilty for karate?
No, I was acquitted.
My parents don't want me to quit because they wanted me to protect myself when I grow older.
So is it a good or bad decision to quit?
There's so many factors here.
Do you guys know anybody who did karate coming up?
Yes, I do.
I knew one.
Chris Sizemore?
Derek Moore.
But like, here's the thing.
I feel like there was a mythos around karate or all forms of kung fu, and there still is,
which is I'm learning it for self-defense.
I don't think that situation has ever unfolded organically in the history of pugilism.
I think that somebody who has dedicated 20 years of their life to mastering kung fu,
and then they get in one bar fight, in that bar fight, in that moment, that primal moment
of punch, they do not go, what did my sensei teach me?
See, I disagree, because I think in the moment of punch, it probably comes up,
but like in the dark alley where a dude like pulls a gun, you're probably not thinking like,
I want to karate.
Well, no, because you're not going to fucking like throw a ball of chi at him.
Like that's obviously not going to work.
Have you guys seen that thing though?
When you're fucking, when you're careening towards that drunk truck driver,
you're not going to kung fu his car out of the way, Travis.
When this, when the fucking sun explodes and we experience the heat death of the universe,
you're not going to fucking kick your way out of that one.
Can I tell you the funny thing is though, as soon as someone says like self-defense,
I'm taking it for self-defense, that is what I picture like fighting off.
I'm 95 years old and this coronary is about to get me, but let me just chop it.
Done.
Fixed it.
Fixed it with a chop.
It's cool now.
Got it with a chop.
90 years of kung fu paid off.
Yeah, people say they do it to defend themselves and if you really pound that math out,
it is a bad investment no matter which way it breaks.
Inconceivable.
In this situation, in this situation that you're, that you're envisioning,
you're in mano a mano combat, hand to hand, no weapons allowed.
Because make no mistake, my friend, if you have karate and he has insert sharp thing here,
you lose.
You lose.
It's over.
You get stabbed.
That's why, that's why fucking knives and swords and guns were invented is because people
like this fuck hole on yahoo is like karate is too hard.
I wish there was a substitute.
Oh, you're telling me this knife is worth a hundred billion years of karate.
Okay, I'll just take that then.
It's way easier.
Yeah, how about just bring some mace with you?
Because what you're talking about is four hours a week, right?
Yeah, like an hour a week for a month, something like 50 hours a year of karate.
You just pulled all that out of your butt.
Why?
That's nothing wrong.
Based on the latest statistics.
The latest statistics.
Hours a year of karate training versus like the one opportunity you may ever have to just
not get your ass beat as bad as your ass would have gotten beaten.
Also with those karate classes, from what I know from watching movies and TV shows,
you get your ass beat a lot.
You get thrown around and people beat the shit out of you.
Right now, I've never been in a fight in my life.
I feel like I've talked about this in the podcast before, and I'm afraid that first
punch I'd be done.
So maybe being in kung fu classes gets the shit beaten out of you, so you're a little
bit more used to getting the shit beaten out of you.
But at the same time, it seems so...
I say this, but I watch Tony Jaa and he's on some next level shit.
I think that if he got embroiled, he would come out the victor.
But I guarantee he's not going to master Tony's, you know, Taekwondo class.
Right, because that shit, you're like outside a bar and a dude is drunk and coming after
you.
You're not going to be like, so are you doing crane style or Taekwondo?
Oh, fuck.
And right now, I know there are dozens of people that are shouting at their iPods saying,
I don't do martial arts for self-defense.
I do it for mental clarity and physical exercise.
And newsflash.
I can kick all your asses.
If you are in a bar...
Blanket statement.
If you see me, fucking bring it.
I will take you to clown town.
Go ahead, Justin.
Oh, thanks.
There's a fight.
They are looking to you.
You are the guy.
You cannot use the excuse of, no, I just do martial...
No, no, no.
They're going to look to you, Kung Fu Kim or whatever your name is, to fight this fight
for them.
Mm-hmm.
You're setting up unrealistic expectations, is what I'm saying.
And I will say this, too.
I mean, counterpoint.
If I were about to fight a dude in a bar and somebody else in the bar was like, you know,
he's a black belt, right?
I would run away.
It is good for that.
It is good for intimidation.
It's intimidation.
But...
I would totally leave the situation.
Is there such a thing as a dojo run by like a drunk dock worker?
Yeah, I have a judge you could try, it's called all of them.
If there was an illegal boxing gambling ring run by a drunk dock worker, that is the kind
of shit that I would be on.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like where's the dojo that like teaches you to like punch sides of beef?
I'm a Miller's High Life belt at my dojo, and it's just a belt, just like a regular
belt with a Miller's High Life label stuck on it.
But it's the next to highest one you can get.
It's the champagne.
You know what?
I would go to a dojo run by like Norman Reedus.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wouldn't be in that kind of fighting.
He kind of is like a drunk, the drunk dock worker of actors though.
Right?
Like, I think that the big problem with karate is I don't have an end of the sentence.
It keeps taking our jobs is the issue.
Sure.
Something, something, whatever.
Let's ask, let's answer a real question.
Nobody does kung fu anymore.
Nobody's ever done kung fu again.
I'm sorry if we hurt your feelings and you do kung fu.
Now, that's some shit.
That's some shit.
I can crowd McGraw or Tim McGraw.
Welcome to Tom, welcome to Tim McGraw's crowd McGraw.
I'll teach you how to tumble, how to throw somebody, use their weight against them and
not get your head knocked off.
Welcome to Tom McGraw's Tim McGraw crowd McGraw.
Hi, I'm Tom McGraw.
People tell me I look like Tim McGraw, but that's just because my name sounds the same.
Who wants to learn how to tussle?
My brother Tim McGraw taught me his fighting style of crowd McGraw that he invented.
I miss him every day.
I miss him so much.
I miss him.
He died in a crowd McGraw accident.
I've been pretending to be him for the last 20 years.
Have you had sex with Faith Hill?
No?
Well, come on, let's crowd McGraw.
Everybody do in the crowd McGraw crowd.
I don't think that was Tim McGraw.
I don't think that was Tim McGraw.
Everybody crowd McGraw.
I don't think that was Tim McGraw.
Everybody crowd McGraw like you were dying.
Let's go.
That one.
That one works.
Thank you.
Don't take the crowd McGraw lessons from my brother Tom.
Don't take his shit.
Don't take his shit.
Crowd McGraw him.
I mean, oh my God.
I'm an Indian crowd McGraw.
I'm Cherokee and Choctaw.
I'll flip you over my shoulder.
Can anyone give me an I like it I love it?
I like it.
I love it.
I chopped that guy's arm off.
All right, let's answer a question.
I love my boyfriend of a year.
Oh man, guys, I got to start reading these before I start reading them.
Got to do a little prep.
A little pre pro.
I love my boyfriend of over a year very much.
However, something's been bothering me lately.
Whenever I need to vent to him about a hard day or someone I don't like,
he always feels the need to play devil's advocate,
telling me they have a point or that I shouldn't have done something
when all I really wanted was to get it off my chest.
I know not everything that bothers me is entirely reasonable,
but sometimes I just need to hear.
I just need to hear what I want to hear.
What should I tell him?
Thanks.
That's from can't vent in Kentucky.
It sounds like this dude's first time being a boyfriend.
It sounds like his first significant other of any gender.
It might also be his first time trying to be like a good boyfriend.
What do you mean?
It might be possible that he's been an SO before.
And was just a shithead?
Yeah, well, here's the thing.
I'm bad at this too.
Like I completely relate to this dude.
Oh, this is so awful to tell you how horrible I am at reading human emotions.
I actually have taken the shorthand.
And like when Teresa will start to vent about something,
I will literally say,
do you want me to be supportive boyfriend or devil's advocate boyfriend?
There is litter.
I do the exact same thing and maybe that's cheating.
I don't know, but it seems to work better than guessing.
Yeah, it is cheating because like I don't do that.
I have to just read, you know, read the room, read the variables.
Is she perioding, right fellas?
High five.
Skype five.
Why five?
I like that.
That's a good one.
No, I mean, I don't know what to say.
Sometimes you just want to say something out loud
and you don't necessarily want an argument about it.
You just want to be angry for a while.
There was a moment last night where Teresa was telling me a story about something
and I was just staring at her waiting for her to like ask for my opinion
or ask for me like what to do.
And she finished the sentence and didn't have anything else to say.
And I was just staring at her.
She's like, and I'm really upset about that.
And I was like, oh yeah, no, that's shitty.
That's awful.
Were you, honestly time,
were you listening to the completeness of the thought?
It was one of two things.
I was either so deep in it that I couldn't see the light to get out
or I was thinking about like pizza.
You were pondering an earlier phrase that she said.
You were so busy processing that that you didn't hear the punchline.
That might be true.
You didn't, you were so stuck on the descending action.
It is really hard to shake the impulse to fix.
And I think that that's something that I've always struggled with in my relationships
that I never have, and I think Sydney is the first relationship I've been in
where like I finally, because of just her telling me what I'm doing wrong
and me sort of realizing it on my own and growing up,
like it seems like a very healthy impulse to like want to fix everything.
But man, that can, you can get into a bad situation very fast.
The issue is like, I'm always that guy.
I am always like, well, let me find a way to help you.
And so the way that it breaks down for me, again, let me preface,
I'm awful at this, is I have a two-step process.
And the first step is, is there anything I can do directly to fix this?
To which the answer is almost always no.
And then step two is, can you find a teacher or an adult?
Can you find a teacher or an adult that can help you out with this problem?
Because there's an adult out there somewhere that will help you,
a parent or a teacher or a trusted close friend.
Sydney has had problems, was having problems sleeping recently.
And I tried to advise her with my vast amount of sleep knowledge.
And then I realized that that didn't work.
So I found out who the sleep doctor was at the hospital where she works
and started insisting that she talked to him because he's an adult.
That is what I'm saying. It's a foolproof method.
I've gone through my entire checklist.
I'm going to bump you up to an adult.
Listen, I got to elevate, I got to escalate this.
I really have nothing for you.
I don't know any teachers anymore.
They all fucking died.
It's really unfortunate because you can't, I mean, it's frustrating.
I get it from the guy's perspective.
I mean, the devil's advocate thing, that's easy.
Here's when people want you to be devil's advocate.
A never.
Like they don't ever want that.
Trust me, they know what the flip side is.
They don't need you to illuminate that for them.
You can put your boyfriend on the line if you want.
We can tell him that.
It might not hurt to say like,
I'm just going to vent for a second, but.
But what if they need that truth?
What if they're saying some bullshit
and they need you to fucking grab them, pull them back down.
Do you want to know the answer, Griffin?
You don't do it.
But what if they need it, Travis?
This is what I'm saying.
What if they need it and that's secretly what they want?
Is somebody telling them no stop?
They don't.
Wait, what?
Want someone to disagree with them?
Yeah.
Never.
But what if they do?
That's what I'm saying.
They don't.
But they don't.
What if they don't want it, but they need it?
Griffin, we're older than you.
They don't.
They don't.
They never do.
And I mean they as in all people.
Not like women or men, all people.
When I hear Sydney is wrong about something
or she's angry at someone else,
here is the extent to which that is not the J-Man's department.
Do you call an adult?
Do you call a teacher or an adult to come in and be like,
hey, nope, wrong, wrong girl.
I'm not getting into a fight with you
because this does not have an effect.
Justin called me in to tell you this, nope.
Here's another piece of advice to the question asker.
The time to discuss this with your boyfriend
is not in the middle of this situation.
Wait a minute.
No.
Who is going to start a conversation?
No one does that.
Hey, by the way, if I'm talking some bullshit anytime
in the discernible future.
No, what I'm saying is she, okay,
so she's upset enough to feel they need to vent
and then her boyfriend does something wrong.
I guarantee she ain't going into it with a cool level head
to be like, hey, honey, side note,
let me explain to you what's going on right now
and why I'm upset.
Well, okay, that's fine.
But the better thing is don't talk to him
and just let him listen to this part
and we'll tell him for you to not,
because that way it won't seem aggressive.
It's just like, hey, these zany brothers
who sometimes talk about eggs for 20 minutes
have a special message.
It was like 10, but also-
To be fair, Justin was adding in the 10 minutes
that we'll talk about eggs later.
It's just not worth, like, it's not a fight.
It's not a, you get no prize
for being righter than the other person or-
Because it very easily turns into you
shouldering the burden of the person they're mad at.
And that's what love is.
That's what you do.
How do you guys not get this?
Whoever you're defending
will never, ever, ever, ever, ever
make you some coffee or give you a foot rub
or drive you to the airport.
It does not matter.
They lost the chance for you to be on their side
when they were not at the altar
or at the boyfriend vault with you.
At the boyfriend store.
They lost, they missed their chance
to have you on their team.
What I'm saying is they're not gonna do those things
unless you go to them and tell them what you did for them.
I asked it as your sur-
I was your second.
I was your surrogate.
I stood up for you.
Rub my tootsies.
You don't know me, Trisha's boss.
But I, can you put Trisha's boss on the phone?
He needs to appreciate something.
Listen, you're a grade A bitch
and my wife hates your guts.
But I took that hate from you,
put it on myself and now I would love a foot rub.
Hey, I'm going to Tucson next week.
Can I get a ride to the airport?
That's all I'm asking.
It's not asking a lot.
Wow, she wasn't lying.
You are a bitch.
Can I have $7 then, please?
I just want $7.
My relationship-
I'm also gonna need to move in with you
because she kicked me out.
My relationship is permanently negatively impacted.
All I need is one to the airport.
I need $10 a month.
Just, that's it.
That's not asking so much.
And in exchange, I'll give you some earbuds that I have.
They have a rocket ship on them.
You know, that's not asking a lot.
Listen, I need $20 a month.
If you give me $20 a month,
and this is probably overstepping our bounds,
but I'll give you some sex lube in a box.
To be fair, if you're not cool with sex lube in a box,
I can also give you a t-shirt.
Yes, there's a substitute program.
Are people, do you think people understand what we're doing?
No, it's covert.
It's subliminal.
It's superliminal.
Maximum Fun Drive is here, of course, friends.
And we so appreciate your support.
We appreciate ExtremeRestraints.com
for their generous gift to help us make this drive the,
well, the weirdest of any drive going on right now.
Let's talk about the upper echelons.
Let's talk about the premium rush.
I saw that movie, such great bike stunts,
such great acting from Mr. Gordon Levitt.
Now, you do remember that we set that up
as a euphemism for being a douche, right?
Yep, I do remember that.
So there are tears, premium tears,
which is what I cried after I watched Maximum Rush.
Justin, tell us, tell us what people are gonna get.
So we talked about 10, 20, 35.
If you give us $100 a month,
you're gonna be one of Jesse's Golden Eagles.
You're gonna get, join the Inner Circle,
which is a monthly club celebrating the best
in comedy, music, and culture.
Hosts of the Max Fun programs will pick a favorite book,
movie, album, something else cool,
and you're just gonna get it
with a note about why you'll like it.
You're also gonna get a free ticket
and you're also gonna get the Rocks Glasses,
the Intimate Sensations Pack, Max Fun earbuds,
and you're gonna be invited to the Max Fun Dinner in LA,
which is before Max Fun Con, and we'll be there.
Have a very special night.
I went last year and hung out with Chuck Bryant
and John Hodgman and the guys from RiffTrax,
but I also got to hang out with Dimitri Pertnoy,
who is an awesome listener and a really cool guy.
Really looking forward to hanging out with him
at Max Fun Con again.
See, you could be that guy.
He's a really awesome guy, yes.
Two years, a year before that, Justin and I went
and got, Justin embarrassed me in front of John Hodgman.
In the worst way possible.
I still have a picture of it, if you ever wanna see it.
If you ever wanna see, maybe we can put that picture up.
It's like a special thing in the forums
of when Justin made me the angriest
I've ever been at Justin.
It was a special moment.
It was not a special moment.
It was the angriest I've ever, ever been.
At anyone, probably.
Well, we're past it now.
Are we?
For $200 a month, you can join Jordan's Platinum Angels.
You get all the shit that we've talked about so far, right?
You also get free registration
for the Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival
for boatparty.biz.
What is that, you ask?
You stupid idiot.
How do you not know about this already?
It's a cruise.
It's a comedy cruise.
You get on a ship from September 13th to 16th.
You get on a ship and you get to do and experience comedy
with people like Maria Bamford and Chuck Bryant
and Dan Deacon and John Hodgman and Josie Long
and Al Magigal and Eugene Merman
and Marc Maron or Marc Maron.
John Roderickson in the mix.
I think it's Marc Mariner.
Marc Mariner's in there.
Yeah, sure.
It's a maritime law that Marc Maron-
His son's Submariner.
Kristen Schaal is gonna be there.
Fuck.
Fuck, why aren't we going to this?
It's so dope.
It's so good and we can't go because we're not allowed.
We're not allowed on the internet.
We're not allowed to go to anything, ever.
Justin and Travis and I, before we were podcasters,
we were whale molesters.
You let us anywhere within-
I'm only laughing because I feel so guilty.
We would get 10,000 lees under the sea
and then we would get one leek inside a whale
and it would-
Guys, no shit.
It's the best feeling in the world.
But we're not allowed to do it anymore.
And the shame you feel afterwards.
The shame you feel afterwards is the most pungent shame
you'll ever experience.
But when you're-
When you're-
Oh my God.
Sometimes I read the parable of Jonah and the whale
and it's like, I just can't control myself.
I watch Pinocchio and I'm like, ow, Pieschio is more like it.
I think I get on the forums and I read my Monstro slash fic.
Monstro is the whale from Pinocchio.
And I just can't help it.
I get my rocket lube and I spend two and a half hours
right there on the web.
Just reading it and keeping my hands moisturized with the lube
so that my knuckles don't get all cracky.
I get- It's very dry in my office.
Also, I masturbate.
Maximumfun.org first slash donate.
And then you can just donate.
If you donate, I will never talk about that shit
I just talked about ever again.
That's a guarantee.
It's not.
And it is also important that when you donate,
that you post on Twitter or Facebook or something
and say, hey, friends that haven't donated to the Max Fun Drive,
you freeloaders, get in gear.
There's only like four or five or six days left.
I can't count.
But it's time to get out there and support Max Fun Drive.
I know you listen.
I know you do.
I know you do, joke thieves.
Seriously, thank you guys.
Thank you guys so, so much for your support.
It really does mean so much to me.
I don't have the words to express my gratitude,
my love, my affection.
But it's there.
You got to trust it.
I love you guys as much as I love getting bones deep in a whale.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user magicmissile1 who asks,
what if Sonic the Hedgehog was real?
Whoa.
If he was real and alive in our world.
Well, the end.
That's it.
That's all it is.
He- Okay.
Okay.
Are we talking about Sonic, video game Sonic,
or Sonic Jaleel White voiced Sonic from the Sonic cartoon?
Good question.
If you fucking are capable of playing a Sonic game now
and not hearing Jaleel White's voice,
you're out of your mind.
Yeah.
Because I feel like that Sonic could be reasoned with.
I feel like if Sonic the Hedgehog was real,
but it was one from the video game,
it's basically you just have like a blue rat
looking for shiny keys in your home.
That's my important question here is,
is he real in the real world looking like Sonic
from the video game?
Or is he real in the real world
and he's just a really fast hedgehog?
Can you reason?
Does he have the faculties for reason?
Because my guess would be dissection.
Right.
Why?
Because everybody wants to know why he's so fast.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if you capture Bigfoot,
they wouldn't just be like, go on about your business.
Nobody's seen Jaleel White in 15 years.
And maybe he's inside Sonic the Hedgehog.
We all talk about capturing Bigfoot,
but wouldn't we know what to do with him when we got him though?
You think so much about the chase.
You never think about the end game.
You probably just, you try to recreate Harry and the Hendersons
and he would not be, he would not be down with that.
I feel like he would probably just want to maul you.
How big is Sonic the Hedgehog?
Is he the size of a regular hedgehog?
Because that's like, that would be kind of,
okay, what's worse?
Sonic the Hedgehog is real and he's small
like a regular hedgehog.
And so you never find him or he's the size of a human,
which is the scariest.
Oh my God.
You open your door and he's like,
I was hoping you could give me some milk.
And Sonic, you get out of here,
you weird two and a half foot tall hedgehog.
I hate your guts.
But what if he's fucking eye level and he's like-
Does he not sound like Jaleel White?
That was Justin's Jaleel White impression.
That's right, Jaleel White.
Justin and Jaleel White is a matchstick girl.
Did I do that?
Did I do that?
I'm back with like some plates.
Could you put and have a cheese?
Please place a cheese for me.
You got any chili dogs?
It's like a tiny ghostly Peebo Bryson.
And Stefan comes out and he's like,
hello, I'm Stefan.
My voice is a little deeper.
Come on, fuck.
I'm still very upsetting.
Do you love me?
If he was real, I think he would find a very hollow-
He comes from a reality where his entire world is built around
not just his height, but his abilities.
There was an architect at some point in Green Hill Zone
who's like, I don't know, a loop here?
And no one questioned the practicality of that.
Maybe one day someone will be able to use this fucking thing.
Because that's our only method of egress from our home,
is that we have to run really fast to the loop
and get out that way.
And I also think I'm going to follow that up
with a pit with some spikes in it.
Whoa, why would you do that?
So if people fall down, they die.
Yeah, we're just building like a hillside here.
Why are you- I want them to die.
Why would you put spikes anywhere?
Sure.
Right?
Unless you're defending a castle.
Like I see no use for spikes.
I think Sonic the Hedgehog would find this to be a miserable existence
because there would be a cabal of,
I'll say a certain kind of internet user,
a certain kind of author of a certain type of fiction
that would hunt him down and fuck him to death.
And now I'm imagining Julia White's screams of protest.
Not again.
Julia dogs.
That one wasn't very good.
Are we just now discovering that Justin does horrible,
horrible impressions of Julia White?
Replace Julia White with everybody
and I think that you are pretty much got my whole thing.
That's my whole situation.
What if one of the scientists that captured him
were the same people riding the-
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, can you imagine that?
We will continue to study him throughout the night.
You all can leave and I will keep an eye on him.
Hey, Dave, can you keep an eye on Sonic?
We're all gonna leave and shut off the security cameras
to save electricity, so just don't do anything.
Hey, happy birthday, buddy.
Happy birthday.
If you look in the closet,
we've switched out one of the hazmat suits
for a tail suit. Go wild.
We know you've been lonely since the divorce.
Just really go wild.
Hey guys, what's going on?
Do I smell chili sauce?
You do.
It's not, I want you people listening at home to know
who might be worried about it.
It's consensual.
It is consensual.
Like this is not, we're not joking about it.
I think it would take some negotiation though.
Yeah.
I think it would take-
No, you show that fucker one gold ring,
like every woman, and he's down the fuck.
Oh, no.
And he's down the fuck, what?
Jesus.
Girlfriend, are you gonna take out that joke I said?
Cause I feel like I could do that joke better.
Yeah, okay.
Let me try it again.
I think it would be consensual.
Yeah, it would be, come on, consensual.
You show that guy one gold ring and he's ready to marry you.
Like every woman ever.
Boom, got him again.
Sorry, women.
You had it too easy for too long.
You wanna try it a third time?
Yeah, why don't we try one more time?
Yeah, give me a cue line.
Man, I would just really fuck Sonic's face off.
His face is on the ground, like in the movie Face Off.
None of this is usable.
Here, let's try a fourth time.
Okay.
I would fuck Sonic's face off.
That's my new ringtone.
Please don't fuck my face off.
Real quick, guys, we're heading out.
We're gonna leave you now.
Those of you who are still listening, which I'm sure is a small fraction of those who
began this journey with us.
But one more time, I just really wanna encourage you to go to maximumfun.org forward slash
donate and give anything you can is really helpful to our network.
I know a lot of people have asked about making one-time donations.
If that's all you can do, that is, of course, that money still spends.
But monthly donations are really what help us to be sustainable as a network and help
us to budget a lot better.
And even if you feel like you can't do 10, there's a $5 a month level that still gets
you all the bonus content and everything.
That option is available to you.
So maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
Support the stuff you like, because that's the only way that the stuff you like keeps
getting created.
And we are so, so, so, so grateful to everybody who gives and thinks this show is worth their
money.
I feel like there's usually some resistance that we see on Twitter, because we only do
this once a year.
And so people who join in and haven't heard it before, I don't know, they are made uncomfortable
by the fact that we ask for money once a year.
I guess twice a year, two episodes.
But this year, I don't think I've seen any of that.
And that's-
No, everybody's been so cool.
Everybody's been so super fucking cool.
And you guys have no idea how huge that is to me.
It really does.
It makes me legit real world excited every time I see somebody tweet, like, so happy
to support NBNBA AM.
Thank you a lot.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you so much.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for using our theme song, It's a
Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It'll be at fucking boat party.
I won't.
I'll be at my house, just thinking about it.
I'll be sitting in a bathtub with a toy boat.
Like, it's the same.
Thanks to everybody tweeting about the show, like Candace Pye, Ian Farrell, CL, Jessica
Riley, Patty Windsor, Tony Chilton, Eric Nier, friend of the family, Jonathan G.
Zuckerman, Natalie, Bataglia, Jerillo, Tyler Matheson, The Goog.
Everybody, thank you so much.
We really appreciate you spreading the word.
Thank you, guys.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Nero, another friend of the family.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Amanda Lynn Samples, who asks, can my husband use Activia, the
yogurt, or is it just for women?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kissed your dad.
Skullway on the lips.
