The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother and my brother made an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-aged brother Travis
McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy, don't you know? We did it America.
Yeah, we did it everybody. Yeah, I don't know that this is necessarily good intro fodder,
like obviously I'm happy that we did a television show, and to be back home with all of my
novelty coffee mugs and my wife and stuff, but all we really did was work for three weeks.
What? How are people doing it out there day to day? We get so many emails from people and it's
like life is really hard for me right now. Thank you all for being such a shining light in that
hard time and they always find those emails very confusing because it's like no, life is very easy.
It's very easy and good. You do like an hour of work and then people listen to it and it's good
and you're good baby. And it's good, like you do one hour of work, like that's almost a break
from the leisure, you know? But like this thing we did with the TV show, working every day is
honestly, it's taken a genuine toll on me sort of physio spiritually.
Yeah, the other day I came out of the HQ where we were filming and I was walking down the street
and this construction worker who was like just covered in dirt and dust and he'd been
jackhammering all day. He looked at me and he said, you poor soul, do you need to sit down
for a second? Do you need to take a break? And I said, thank you so much. And he said,
I don't need this water as much as you do. And he gave me his water.
That was cool of him.
Yeah, I think he just recognized how hard I had been working and I really appreciated it.
I heard the song Five O'Clock Somewhere and I never understood why all the excitement.
And then I finally got it. But get this gang, sometimes we weren't done by five.
Which is crazy. We would say it's five o'clock somewhere, but it would be in a mournful tone
because it was 10 where we were and we still had to work. And we did six episodes of this
television show and it took three weeks and I almost died. Hey, Frasier, how'd you do it?
Cause you did a billion episodes, Kelsey. You did a billion episodes Kelsey and as far as I can tell,
you're okay. You're fine.
I cannot begin to convey to the audience listening how often during this process
we talked about Frasier.
Well, because it's unthinkable, Travis, what Kelsey accomplished.
Well, I will say this. In our defense, Kelsey had a bunch of people helping him make up the jokes
and the three of us just had only about four or five other people to help us create the jokes.
Each one of them was worth three people. So that's 12 to 15.
Easily.
But here's what you don't know. Not a lot of people know this. The writing staff on Frasier, 123 people.
That's amazing. There was a year there where Will Smith legally was in every movie.
And he was also writing for Frasier.
He's writing for Frasier and also he put out a Big Willy style or Wilinium. How did you do that, bud?
I would love to see the pictures of Will Smith on set for Independence Day. And in one hand,
he's got a pen writing Big Willy style. And in his left hand, he's got a pen writing Frasier
because he's ambidextrous and can write a hit musical album and a great script about how
like Niles is super in love with Daphne, like at the same time.
Making fun of a certain type of wine.
What you didn't know about Will Smith is that in every movie he is in,
there is always a comfortable king size bed just directly off frame that he lays down in and goes
hard to sleep between every take. So it's literally like, you know the difference between you and me?
I make this look good. Just falls down and it's just like full Huey Dewey Louie.
Snoring like a swan.
A feather raising up and down over his mouth as he snores.
Yes, absolutely.
The hard thing is getting him into the nightgown because it often covers his microphone.
Well, he's got a Rawls and Gromit-esque machine that basically cut door open.
He falls through hands, hands, clothes, shirt, nightshirt, cap, and then feather over lips.
He breathes. It goes up and down. And then it's like, OK, well, we're back.
Bed springs him back up. He goes through his costume and now he's suddenly just fully dressed
for it. And now he's back to making Hancock. You know what I mean? That's his day.
My initial revelation upon making a TV show for three weeks was that I needed to be nicer to
everybody who had made a TV show before because it's so hard. But I think maybe what I mean is
anybody who has a job to work. Like if you do a job every day, like my blessings to you,
Effendi, because that is a very difficult gig you got going. And by which I mean any job.
Any jobs that require
consistent amounts of work. Do you think when a new Hollywood it girl or boy is like starting to
come up, they have a like when Chris Pratt did Guardians of the Galaxy and it was like, well,
he's in everything now. Do you think he had a moment after Guardians where he was like,
oh, God, like he saw it sort of like a tall wave about to crash down on him?
Like, oh, Jesus, God, no, I got too much heat. I'm too buzzy. I got too much heat. I gotta go.
I gotta go.
It's like when a spaceship like re-enters the atmosphere. You know what I mean? Like
you start picking up speed towards the earth and like those just
flame waves start emanating from in front of Chris Pratt's face.
He was doing like 10 movies. And then he was also in Jurassic World,
which is like the biggest movie ever. And then when he did Jurassic World, they're like,
you know, dog, we're going to make eight more of these, right? And you're in all of them.
He's like, oh, Jesus, God, Jesus, what I do. How about let's get into stuff. Thank you.
If you work a full time job, hats off to you.
I also want to say I love you, brother, so much. But I'm also really glad we're all in
different rooms now.
Oh, man. Yeah, I had to watch you guys eat so many meals. And that's my least favorite of the things.
I love so many things about you. But watching your faces while we record podcasts is not one
of them.
It really stinks.
I really feel like I've reunited with my two best podcast buddies after they were replaced
by pod people for three weeks.
Fantasy Justin and Fantasy Griffin are two of my favorite people in the world.
Yeah, my favorite thing about fantasy microphone Travis and Justin is that they don't need to
eat. They just sort of subsist on like making internet jokes. And so they don't they don't
have to eat food. And I don't have to hear or see that happen. It's a real it's really
delightful.
People ask us, how do you guys keep such good relationships? I'm not that close to my brother
and sister. The answer, if I take my headphones off, they disappear.
Here's our first question.
Yeah.
I haven't seen one of my best friends in two years. She lives in Texas. I live in New York.
In a month, she'll be visiting D.C. and I'm going down to see her. But we'll be staying
with a different friend who lives in D.C. How do I tell the D.C. friend I'm staying
with that I want to spend time with my friend from Texas without my D.C. friend getting
offended? Or is this a non-issue? I don't want her to feel like I'm visiting D.C. just
to see my Texas friend. I'm excited to see both.
That's from Troubled in Brooklyn.
This is like so pertinent because like while we were in Huntington, goofing aside, like
we were doing 12 hour days every day and I didn't have a lot of time to like get out
and see folks. And that's not like it's not a burden to get out and see my friends. But
it was it was it was tricky like trying to figure out the schedule on how to do that.
But also, I mean, I also come in town to hang out with my family. And so it's it's hard to
like say, OK, I'm going to take some time away from hanging with this group of people
who I don't get to see very often to hang out with this group of people who I never
get to see. It's a this is a this is a really tricky, tricky thing, especially if you're
the type of person who like all of your friends have moved away or you moved away from all
your friends. It can be it can be really difficult.
I my question would be with these two friends get along because there's always the option
of like making it an all inclusive thing. And rather than like looking at your friends
you're staying with and saying like, OK, well, I'll see you again in six hours. Like
say, hey, my friend and I are going to the museum. Do you want to go?
But that that can be so bad if they're not if they are not friends in the way that
you and the other person are friends. Like it's it's going to be weird because you're
going to want to like if I wanted to hang out with like one of my old Huntington friends
while I was staying with like one of my Chicago friends, like I and I saw my Huntington friend
and I didn't you know, I haven't seen them in a while. And when I catch up, we would
probably talk about a bunch of shit that the Chicago friend wouldn't get and vice versa.
Not not that like we have a secret language, secret friendship language. But but you know
what I mean? Like that can also be that can also be very you can really ostracize one
of the people if you if you do it like that. Yeah, but the difference between like Airbnb
with someone and staying with a friend is that you hang out with them. So like if your friend
is letting you stay in their home and then you basically just like only see them in the morning
before you go out to do other things and only see them at night when you come home and go to sleep,
like that's not you're kind of taking advantage of it, you know?
I tell me if I'm wrong, brothers, because I and I know that we are not a good sample size because
we are alike in many ways. But for me, my assumption is no one has ever had someone stay
with them from out of town. And not at least some point thought, man, I hope they plan some things
to do. Yeah, this is exactly right. Yeah, like absolutely right. Nobody can handle the pressure
of like trying to make sure that you're having a good time constantly. Like that would be I don't
think anybody actually wants that. Not only that, depending on the length of your stay, you're
probably going to hit a point where they will want some some alone time. I am so not offended
by this. Like when I have friends who come in and stay with us while they're in Austin, like
I'm I'm happy to put them up and then I get to hang out with them at our house, which is my
favorite place to hang out because it's where all my novelty coffee mugs is. But I don't I don't get
offended when they want to go and do other stuff, especially if it's stuff I don't want to do, like
hang out with your dumb friend. Yeah, I would say that the key is to find the balance of like, it
can't be the first day you get there. It can't be like if you get in Friday night, you spend all day
with friend number two, but like number two. But that like, you know, you find a good balance and
you make sure you're not shortchanging one friend to hang out with the other, especially if they've
opened their home up to you. Yeah, but yeah, I agree. It's always okay to find a little bit of
time. One other side note, you're going from New York to D.C. That's three hours. That's about 45
minutes. Deepest Congo. It's not like a once in a lifetime. Yeah. Eat, pray, love style journey
to India together. Like you're going to you're taking a train. You're like, you can come back
tomorrow. The train costs four dollars. Like it's unacceptable. You're fine. Just go back later if
their butter. How about I like I do like that you and your friend from Texas are doing like a
Centralia, Pennsylvania thing. Yeah, I'm like neither one of you wants to travel to New York
or Texas, but you'll meet in the middle in D.C. I think that's fun. How about this Yahoo? It's
from sending by Dan Green. Thank you, Dan. It's by Yahoo answers user human animal. It's posted
in pregnancy and parenting, newborn and baby, which is not accurate. But they said, what do bees
use honey for? Is it their food? That's it. No further additional details. And before I go any
further into like the really entertaining part of this, just curious if you guys have any sort
of initial thoughts on what bees are doing with that good sticky stuff in there. Yes, it's food
for their babies, I believe. They get the just like, let's let's let's sort of just like lay out
sort of how planet earth stuff. So there's the queen bee and she's like, go get me that pollen
sun. And so they go out and they do get her that pollen sun. Well, it would actually be pollen
daughter, because I believe only worker bees are all female. No one. That's no one. So anyway,
maybe worker bees are male. And then the fighter bees are female. Really knows how that works. So
let's not big bad beetleborgs are all male, right? No, I think there was I think there was a woman
one. Shit. Shit. So anyway, bees have, I guess, mad hair on their thorax. And they just sort of
rub up in the pollen, bring that home. The pollen somehow, hmm, this is where this is where things
get a little bit crazy, because no one is quite sure what happens in the hive. They put it into
like oak barrels, I think. Yeah, like an agent. And they choose a perfection. Yeah, they go out. And
if I remember from the movie bugs life, they come back. And they go through basically what equates
to a carwash that then like scrubs the pond off of them and turns it into honey, if I remember
correctly, based on what I remember from a bee movie, they get the pollen, they bring it back,
they tell some really funny jokes, and then they fuck a human woman. If I remember correctly,
if I remember correct, so the honey, once they have the honey, do they eat the pollen? Or do
they eat the honey? Is the honey just sort of a Griffin flower? Do you eat bread? This is an
excellent point. But like, does that mean every time we crack open one of those big places,
we are essentially smashing in their home and being like, hello? Oh, what is this bee food? You
need this to live? Delightful. I'll have all of it. Scrape, scrape, scrape. We're all having a lot
of fun here, but it's their dookie, right? Like honey is bee dookie? It could be. Another thing
I'm worried about. I feel like this is the most like rote line of comedic thinking that maybe
exists at this point, but in this particular instance, I think it's worth talking about. I
want to know who the discoverer of honey was, right? Like this joke is played, like the first
person to suck a cow's teeth was like, this is good. I'll have this. This is called milk. That's
play, but it really is quite insane that somebody was like, what is this? Bugs live in here?
Bugs that have needles on them full of poison, and also there's a million of them. I'm going to eat
whatever I find in there. Hello. I can't exactly what happened, Griffin. Somebody saw a hungry old
bear getting himself a smackerel of honey. That's what happened. Look at that sticky mess on that
bear's maw. That looks delicious. I want to get myself a smackerel of honey. So they grab the bear
and they pin it to the ground. They lick the honey up the face. Exactly. The bear was like,
what are you doing? No, please stop. It would be very scary if you were the bear.
I'm just going to read some answers now. Yahoo Answers user anonymous says, yes,
honey is their food. Okay. One person suggests that they use honey to lure humans in to remove
it from their hive by cutting that part of the hive off, and then they put it in a bucket and
sell it in town. I think they're suggesting that bees work together with humans to like,
oh, I hate this part of the hive. I want it to get removed. Let's create a literal honey pot scenario
where a person comes in and helps us break apart the parts of our hive that we don't want anymore.
Can you imagine if an insect was like that aware of humans to that level? Like if an ant was like,
you know what? I hate this old anthill we've got. Let's go attack that picnic so people will come
over and destroy it and then we can build a new one. So I mean, going down here though,
someone says nectar from flowers is food for bees. They make honey. They don't use it for food.
They don't use it for food. Honey is made from pollen and nectar for winter. As we can food for
the winter, they prefer fresh food like we do. So which one is it? No, I don't think anybody
knows what honey is. I don't think anybody knows what honey is all about, but we're eating it every
day. The best answer I can find is the worst. It's the pits. Oh no. Bees fly around. Okay.
And then they gobble up the honey. Okay. Right. But they store it. They gobble up the nectar,
right? Yeah. And they store it in a special tummy just for nectar. Good. That's fine. Then
when we get back to the hive, they barf it up. Yes. But it's wet. So other bees flap their wings
to dry it until it's delicious honey. Damn bees, that's a lot of work. Wait,
where's the wax come from then? Where's the wax come from? Another unanswered question. And why
do they need all this fucking wax and honey? How are they flavoring it? How are they flavoring it?
How do they make it honey flavor? Bees, thank you. Thank you, bees. Because you make shit that you
don't need and probably don't even want. But I want it very much, bees. Thank you. This is excellent
work you're doing. With all this wax and honey in there, I bet it's real sexy in a beehive.
Yeah. Spiders make silk, right? But they need that shit to make their webs and shit. That's fine.
Bees are making wax. Bees are making honey. I don't even think they know what they're doing.
I don't think we spent enough time talking about how sexy it is in the beehive, Griffin. Can we
go back to just talking about like super sexy erotic- Oh, just tight fucking wet sticky quarters.
Just a bunch of- I mean, there's only one person getting laid, right? And that's the queen, right?
I think that's it. And she makes the larvae. What? No, they give royal jelly to one of the larvae
and it eats it and it becomes the queen. It's a mega vitamin that gives it super
powers and it turns into the queen. Or you could put it on your face. That's another option.
Boy, I bet that is unoffensive to bees. Yeah. I'd rather you did it, Hooman.
Bees have it rough, but also they nasty. Bees are quite nasty just barfing on each
other and fucking nonstop and like shitting out stuff that I love. I love your shit, bees.
And I'm sorry that you're like disappearing or whatever. Actually, is that even a thing?
I don't hear about that so much anymore. I guess we solved it. Oh, they're back.
Oh, they're back. Good. We solved it. What did we do? Can we do that for the other animals?
I think we just asked the bees, like, where'd they go? Did they see anybody else there that
we should get? Oh, did they go? They went somewhere to hide for a bit,
but then they came back and we're like, no, we're good. Stop freaking out.
Everybody chill. Hey humans, it's fine. We had to go to our home planet to defend it.
We had to do, we did a quick sort of workplace retreat to like,
determine what we're doing vis-a-vis honey and wax. Cause we hate the stuff. We hate this stuff.
Hey, why are we making all this stuff? I don't know. Didn't, I thought you said,
Noah, I thought you said we were supposed to make, wait, hold on. Does anyone know why
we're making this stuff? Yeah. Steve, do you know why we're making honey?
I hate all this sticky stuff. Recently, a new employee joined my workplace
when another coworker described something as tasting like pineapple. The new employee
claimed he didn't know what that meant as he had never tasted pineapple before.
How does this happen to adults? His explanation was that he had no pineapple
available where he grew up, but he is from central Illinois.
Eat a fruit salad, motherfucker. The Midwest is not exactly the forefront
of tropical cuisine, but pineapple is literally everywhere in American cuisine.
Further, he admitted he has never tried a peach or a pear.
Amazingly, he has tried and likes papayas. So it's not just fruits that begin with the letter P.
It also, it also is not that he doesn't like how they taste as he's never,
honestly, truly never tried them. Is there a tactful way to convince him to give these foods
a chance? Other advice for helping him develop a basic flavor literacy in classic American fruits?
And that's from fruit salad fan in Winston-Salem. How does this happen?
How does this happen? That's so many different types of fruits you haven't eaten.
Do you think that maybe it's the kind of thing where like this person
has actually had these fruits before and just like had no idea that that's what a pineapple is?
I mean, you're saying he ate a pineapple but didn't know it was a pineapple?
Oh, I'm saying like that he's had a fruit salad, that he's like had some like Hawaiian style pizza
and just never registered. Because here's the thing. I, after, let's say that this person is
30 years old. In 30 years of living in America, the odds that a pineapple has not accidentally
made its way into this person's gob- Has it infiltrated?
Right? Yeah.
Like the person has had it. Yeah.
Yeah. My, I'm more offended by this person treating an object as exotic,
which you can get on a pizza at Papa John's. Yes.
Like how, how dare you? It's not fucking 1658
and you just learned about this like mythical fruit from the new world.
Yeah. And that's exactly the line of thing. Like, oh, we don't have pineapples in Illinois.
You mean the state where Chicago is? They wicked do have them there.
Not just that. They do have them there. The state where grocery stores are.
Like pineapples are pretty much available year round in any grocery store.
You're right. My point was fallacious that they would only have pineapples in Chicago
and not in the rest of it. Yeah. You probably could get some in like Aurora, I would imagine.
And a peach and a pear. My dude, that's so many fruits.
That's so many good fruits. A pear especially.
That pear is less and less exotic as you go down. Even a peach,
you could say, well, it's not the right temperature.
A pear is just a mellow, just smooth apple. That's all a pear is.
It's a mellow, flunky, smooth apple. It's a chill sort of apple with a fucked up shape.
What it is basically for a pear is it's basically a jazz apple.
Yeah. If you think about it,
a pear is just an apple that's smoothed out and it's not going to have a bunch of bite,
a little softer chew. I could go for a bear right now.
A peach is just a sassy fucking plum, isn't it?
Yeah. That's what I've always said.
Let me bite into this plum. The color is so bright and vibrant and it's a little bit tart.
Yeah, that's right. Watch out. I got a pit. Don't chip a tooth.
I don't understand how you see an object we call a pineapple.
You see someone slice it in half with a machete and then you are not immediately thinking,
I have got to savor what's inside of that.
I've got to eat that most appetizing inner meat.
If I were you, I would just set down a plate in front of this person with one slice of pineapple,
one slice of peach, one slice of pear, and just stare at them and say,
eat it. Eat it.
And don't walk away until they do because you will never rest knowing that there's a human
being walking the face of this earth who has on purpose not ever had these fruits.
This is all you will think about from now until time immemorial if you don't resolve.
Maybe they were handed a whole pineapple and they thought, well,
what am I supposed to do with this? There's no way. It's impossible.
Look at the spines, the leaves. How do people eat these things?
I'm throwing this in the trash. Is that possible?
Now, I'm thinking, boys, and I'm real worried that I have a similar gap in my food education.
I'm worried. I'm thinking. I don't think I do.
This thing mentioned papayas. We had a sick Roshana party last night and somebody brought
papayas and I didn't eat one. And now I'm thinking about it.
Like, did I not eat one because I'm somehow afraid of papayas?
Because I don't think I've ever had one of those.
I don't think that's as, that's not as crazy, I don't think, as pineapple peach pear.
But it's definitely not. Okay, here's, I'll tell you.
This is my general rule. If it is a fruit that the average person
standing in a supermarket would look at and be unable to identify just from seeing it
out and about in the world on TV and movies and such, then it is okay if you haven't tried it.
If you see that little yellow motherfucker that's all spiny and bumpy and you're like,
I don't know what this is, that's perfectly fine.
If you look at a pear and you're like, oh, what is this?
What is this? Oh, what? Huh?
Like, that's not okay. If you have to Google how to eat it,
then I don't think it's an issue if you have not tried it.
But like, was this person watching SpongeBob SquarePants and he's like,
what's this house made out of? I don't understand.
What a fanciful cartoon. What a wonderful fantasy world
that they've whipped up for us. What a spiny grass house
you've made for yourself, living sponge. That's a fun fake fruit.
What a wonderful imagination you have, Nickelodeon. What will they think of next?
I just don't, I don't, I don't understand how we get,
I don't understand how we get there. Pineapples is good as fuck.
Pineapples is the best fruit. That's the other thing,
is that if I'm gonna eat like a big luscious chunk of fruit,
I always want it to be a pineapple. I always want it to be a pineapple.
Of course. Obviously. Obviously, of course.
Clearly. This week's first sponsor is Club W.
Maybe you'd like to get deeper into wine,
but you don't know where to start. And I cannot think of a better way
of doing it than Club W. You don't need to know about wine
to get the most out of this service. You're gonna log onto their website.
You're gonna take a survey that explores your sort of taste preferences,
not what kind of wines you like, but what sort of flavors you like.
And they are going to match you with a perfect wine
that you will just adore. And right now, Club W is offering
our listeners $20 off your first order when you go to clubw.com
slash my brother. And not only that,
if you order- Will you get something else?
Does it get better? Thank you, Justin. For you
and for our listeners, yes. If you order four or more bottles of wine,
Club W is gonna pay for shipping. Hell yes.
Hell- What?
Yes. That's gotta be a misprint.
No, you're right. Let me check it again.
Yep, no. Club W will pay for shipping on orders of four bottles.
It says it right there. That's wild.
It's right there in front of me. Four bottles of wine is heavy.
That's like, that's a lot to ship. Thank you, Club W.
That's very generous. They're at least 100 pounds.
Thank you. We don't deserve you, Club W.
So take something off your to-do list. Go to clubw.com slash my brother
and get $20 off your first order right now. That's clubw.com slash my brother.
I want to tell y'all about- Oh, oh, nope. You can't.
I'm going to. Okay, fine.
I want to tell y'all and all y'all about MeUndies.
MeUndies is underwear. And you wear it and it feels amazing.
Underwear, Griffin.
Under- Where is it? Where is it under?
Jesus, please, no.
Is it under there?
Oh, man. Please. Please.
Please, Griffin.
Um, so here's the deal. You wear underwear every day.
At least most of us do. Time to try something better.
MeUndies has created the world's most comfortable underwear.
It's a blend of fabric that is three times softer than cotton.
I cannot stress enough how important it is that you swaddle your junk in stuff that feels very good.
And then it's one of those investments that you don't think about being important,
but then you do it and you're like, this is the most important thing I've ever done.
Because it's like you're- You know how like there's some doctors or chiropractors that say like,
your spine is the center of everything and if you have any health problems, it just comes back to your back being dumb.
I think the underwear stuff is the same thing. Like, oh man, I had a really hard day at work.
Well, you wouldn't have if you had this awesome modal fabric just like, just hugging your stuff.
So anyway, get your stuff hugged.
For a limited time, MeUndies is offering 20% off your first order at MeUndies.com slash My Brother.
If you don't love your first pair, it's free, but that's even a ridiculous thing to say.
Just go to MeUndies.com slash My Brother, get 20% off your first order.
Okay.
Sure.
I was talking to the audience, not so much to you guys, but I appreciate that you were dialed in there.
I've got a question, I've got a message for Steven.
It's from Erica, parentheses, boo boo kitty, and it says the F word.
Say it Travis.
Boo boo kitty fuck.
Hi boo, happy birthday.
Time to gross out the internet.
You're my boo tea-licious boo bear and boo berry pie.
You are my husband and best friend and I'm thankful for that every day.
P.S. I love Griffin, Justin, and Travis equally.
I also love Travis even more equally.
And that message is for April 22nd.
Oh my God.
That's a rough one.
That was six months ago.
That's rough.
We couldn't be worse on this one.
We really wang this one.
So anyway.
We are actually just chronologically as far away from that day as we could on either side.
Yes, it's rough stuff.
That was, I think your instincts were right Erica, a pretty gross message.
I'm very happy for the love that you have with Steven.
For me, for Travis.
And also me and Justin and Travis, but also Travis more equally.
And happy birthday Steven.
Soon.
Soon.
Happy birthday, it's coming up.
I have a message here and it's from Elise and it's to Alex who says,
I'm not sure when this message will air, but instead of getting all uptight,
I think we should lean into it and change your birthday to the day the brothers read this.
May 28th was getting old and it was time for a birthday makeover.
Also, I thought you might like hearing, I love you little lek on your favorite podcast
from your favorite brother, which I think is Justin.
Anyway, happy 29th.
I love you little lek.
Anyway, happy 29th birthday lek.
Love Elise and cats.
So this one, I mean the birthday, May 28th, obviously we wang that a bit.
The date that this message was aimed at was March 8th.
Holy shit.
That's five months from now.
We did great.
We did great.
What happened to the, I feel like we've gotten a little bit better.
This week we really just really wanged it and donged it.
We really just wanged it all over the place.
It was like the Jumbotron is our weekly time to feel bad about ourselves.
And like, you don't get that feeling like you let people down enough.
We have it scheduled into our show to make ourselves feel that way.
So thank you for keeping us humble.
The great questions of your life.
The great questions of your life.
Should you put ketchup on a hot dog?
Should you put ketchup on a hot dog?
Toilet paper over or under?
Toilet paper.
Star Wars or Star Trek?
Star Wars or Star Trek?
Fear not, my friends.
Mark and Hal always reach the definitive answer.
Simply listen to We Got This with Mark and Hal every Tuesday at 9 p.m. Pacific on Maximum Fun.
We got this.
Your better self is right around the corner.
Namaste.
I got a Yahoo here and it's from Brooks Oglesby.
Thank you, Brooks.
This is by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm going to call them.
Leguizamo asks,
what's a good Shaq-themed cocktail to mix for my New Year's Eve party tonight?
What's a good Shaq-themed cocktail to mix for my New Year's Eve party tonight?
What is a good Shaq-themed cocktail though?
What's just like a good...
Here's my...
I have a suggestion.
Oh, I've got one.
Okay, I'll do mine first.
Okay, just don't steal mine.
You just put whatever liquid in a very, very, very, very big wide glass.
And then I think the glass, you have to, before anybody can drink it,
you knock the whole glass over and it falls down and it spills because it's clumsy and goofy
and everybody has a really good laugh.
But you never actually drink the fluid inside.
You just spill it because it has like a funny tumble.
Strawberry Shaq-ery.
Maybe a Sazer Shaq.
So these are just...
Griffin, maybe instead of the super big glass, you go super tiny glass.
So then you feel like how Shaq must feel when you have to interact with our everyday human objects.
Every time, I mean, that's essentially what a shot is, right?
When you take a shot out of a shot glass, that's how Shaq drinks every liquid.
But before you drink it, you have to look at it
and just wonder why the world isn't made for you.
Do you think Shaq and Andre ever met up?
Do you think Shaq and Andre the Giant ever met up and were like,
oh, it's nice to meet, this is really nice to meet you.
I am also very big.
Yeah, I bet that they pout around a little bit.
I don't know what the age difference is there.
They would try to walk into a room at the same time and break the doorframe.
Oh, that's really good and fun.
That's always so fun.
And they'd like laugh and laugh and laugh.
All right, you guys repurposed other beverages
and just sort of squeezed the name Shaq into it.
I want an original beverage that we can mix up
and then send to Shaq on Twitter and maybe he'll retweet it
because he's got like 11 billion followers and people love his stuff.
Okay, Griffin.
I love Shaq.
People are still crazy about this guy.
That's what they should be.
He seems like a wonderful giant human being.
Yes.
Griffin, if I were to make a drink called,
and I want you to spin this off the dome,
I don't want you to overthink it.
Hell yeah, dude.
I'm kind of a mixologist, so just let him have it.
If I were gonna make a drink called the Kazam, what would I put in it?
First off, you start off with some nice champagne,
a Brut, something clear, bubbly and fun.
And you fill a big, big, big, big, big mug with it, okay?
Are you with me so far?
And then what you're gonna do
is you're gonna throw a bunch of hamburgers into the cup
and it's gonna displace most of the fluid,
but you gotta throw them from way up high,
recreating the famous scene in Kazam
where the boy who gets the genie powers
wishes for a fast food rain shower.
Hey boy, your wishes suck!
Your wishes suck, Kazam boy!
How did you do it that bad?
I want a credit card with infinite money on it
so I can go buy fast food whenever I want.
Nope, didn't have that thought, did you?
No, the thought that you had was I want to litter the whole city
with French fries and burgers.
Because who doesn't want to eat that off the ground?
And also, Public Works is gonna have a really, really bad month
trying to get all that stuff up.
And I also want to say that it's just a great example
of how little we're doing to educate our children
on proper wish making
because this little motherfucker wishes for fast food to the sky.
Don't use idioms in your wishes, folks,
because they will be taken littery,
and you'll, like if you said, I want a million bucks,
you're gonna end up with a million deers.
You know what I mean?
What do you think would go in a Kazam cocktail?
I'm so glad you asked that.
You drink it out of a lamp.
Justin, are you okay?
You sound like you're dying.
I got choked up, but listen, you drink it out of a lamp.
Oh wait, I've got it.
You put, just fill a lamp with Goldschlager
because it's got the swirly like gold sparkles in there.
Oh, oh my God.
I know what you would do.
I think this is a, you know how they make story cocktails?
And these are cocktails that sort of evolve over time
and they evolve over time to like recreate the story of a film.
Do you guys know what I'm talking about?
No, so this one would start off and it would be,
you know, I think Travis's instincts are right.
You put some Goldschlager in a lamp
and you just drink that straight out of it.
But then a bartender comes by to change the drink,
add more to the drink to further recreate the events of the movie Kazam.
And you know what he does?
He fills that lamp up with gin.
And then he pours it onto a boom box, ruining the boom box.
Well, that's not really,
I mean, well, what he would need to do is-
If that does happen in the movie,
he transfers from a lamp to a boom box.
Griffin, I'm not making this up whole plot.
No, no, no, no, no, I know that.
I'm saying it wouldn't ruin the boom box.
We'd somehow need a boom box that when alcohol is poured on it,
really, really good music comes out.
What if you had to throw ice into the drink from the free throw line
and then you always missed?
Justin's got a good point here.
We're focusing a lot on Kazam based stuff
and I don't even think that's what Mr. O'Neill is like mostly known for.
I do want to know, Justin, that was a sports pool there.
You're not known for those.
Did you just Google like funny things to know about Shaq?
No, I don't know a lot about-
That's one that just has sort of stuck in the crawl.
I think because when I love something,
I need to know its weakness should I ever need to destroy it.
And I love Shaq so much that I need to know
should I ever encounter him, where he's vulnerable so I can-
Hi, welcome to the My Brother, My Brother, Me Boss Strategy Guide here.
We're talking about fighting Shaq.
The one thing to know if you ever fight,
like you're gonna need to get past the free throw line
because he won't be able to get you there.
Yeah, so if I ever need to bring down Shaq, that's how I do it.
I just bring up that little thing
and I bet no one's ever done it before.
Well, hold on, Justin.
Aaron Carter did beat Shaq.
Yeah, that's a good point.
That's another good weakness to bring up.
Hey, Shaq, great commentating today.
Remember when Aaron Carter beat you?
At basketball, the whole song about how we did it.
That's weird.
Hey, Shaq, can you break down for me
sort of what happened on the court out there?
I mean, obviously I've heard Aaron's version,
but I feel like it probably inflates Mr. Carter's talent on the court in song.
I would love to hear from your giant perspective
what happened out there and how you lost so bad to a small boy.
Oh, well, thank you for asking.
It's 100% accurate.
That's exactly how it happens.
I've never been more embarrassed in my life.
I would just like to say to Aaron Carter,
how could you, how could you do this?
We promised that we would keep the incident between us
and then you wrote a hit song about it
and I'll never forgive you.
A hit docu-song.
Does Shaquille O'Neal have a song called
How I Lost to Aaron Carter, the companion piece?
How I Embarrassed Myself While Playing Against Aaron Carter.
And it's like, all right, listen, I had the flu.
I wasn't feeling good, how about you?
My shoe was untied, I was really bummed.
I'm 100 feet tall, I hit my head on the moon and I fell over.
I feel like it's more of like an eight minute long dirge
that he co-wrote with Leonard Cohen.
It's like, if Tower of Song was about basketball,
like that is the song that I think that is like, he.
I knew it was time to get out of the basketball game.
Little Aaron Carter really put me to b-ball shame.
Like over and over again for eight minutes.
Yeah, it had to be, I think it was probably
a much closer game than Mr. Carter.
You don't get a final tally, do you?
You don't, no.
I mean, Mr. Carter wants you to think
that he obliterated Shaquille O'Neal.
I just can't believe it, I just can't believe it's true.
I think there was probably a series of circumstances
that led to Shaquille O'Neal being at a handicap.
Maybe in the room, the room had to be very low.
I imagine it was probably not a regulation size
basketball set up.
And I think, I'll go ahead and say it,
the ball was a bit deflated, wasn't it?
So like Shaquille's usual dribbling techniques
would leave him fumbling.
And how do we even know it was the Shaquille O'Neal?
This might've been a completely different Shaquille O'Neal.
It could've been a different Shaquille O'Neal.
Found at the supermarket.
I'm saying, what proof does Aaron Carter have
that it was the Shaquille O'Neal?
Damn it.
Yeah.
And also he had flubber.
He probably had flubber.
A lot of people don't know that.
Shaquille O'Neal released five albums.
Shaquille O'Neal has five musical albums.
Shaquille O'Neal has four musical albums.
The fifth one went unreleased.
No.
Shaquille O'Neal wrote an album called
Shaquille O'Neal Presents His Super Friends Vol. 1.
It was completed in 2001,
intended to be the NBA superstar's fifth solo album.
Producers include Rick Rock and Dr. Dre.
It was slated to come out September 11th, 2001,
but then it got pushed back to October 9th of the same year.
After much delay, the album was abandoned completely
and never released.
We have to break into the Disney vault and get it out.
I need it.
One thing that's messed up about the words
in How I Beat-
That's How I Beat Shaq by Aaron Carter.
I want to just fast forward to the moment
when the game really climaxed.
Announcers were shocked.
Couldn't believe it was real.
I can't believe a kid just stuffed O'Neal.
One more second was all that remained.
I put the ball up.
I put him in shame.
I must admit that sounds real crazy,
but the ball went in,
then he cried like a baby.
I don't think that's necessary.
Now you're just dragging Mr. O'Neal,
and it's unnecessary.
Also, it's okay if a grown man cries
when he's beat by a 10-year-old at basketball.
Aaron cried like a baby.
That's so diminutive and judgmental.
There's just no-
First of all, Aaron, there's no fucking world
in which you pull this off again.
The series of crazy events that happened,
there was like a solar flare and a deflated ball
and Shaq had mono.
Like, there's no way you could do this again.
Not in a million, million years.
Not in a million years.
I hope you enjoyed that one time you beat Shaq.
Hey, real quick.
Shaquille O'Neal presents his Super Friends Volume 1.
Just like to talk about some of the collaborators
on this tracklist.
Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Boys 2 Men, Twista,
George Clinton, Snoop Dogg, The Roots,
Ludacris, Black Star.
This album could be the best album ever made.
How do I get-
You have to find it.
I have to find Shaquille O'Neal presents
his Super Friends Volume 1.
Do you think every day Shaquille O'Neal opens the vault
behind the picture,
like behind the painting in his house,
and he looks at the album and he's like,
no, not yet.
It's not ready yet.
No one's ready for that.
Mr. O'Neal, drop that shit on us.
We are so ready.
What if you're not though, Griffin?
What if you fucking think you're ready,
but then you hear it and your face melts
like the guy in, you know,
the arc, Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I'm just saying.
There's a world in which How I Beat Shaq
is a really dark remake of the toy
starring Richard Pryor.
What if Aaron Carter's father paid Shaq
an exorbitant amount of money
to force him to lose at basketball
to Aaron Carter?
What if that is how it shook out, right?
So the optics on it are not great
for any of the parties involved, I'll consent,
but what if that's how this played out?
Like it was basically like a huge birthday present
for Aaron Carter,
and it was kind of a conspiracy theory.
Like there's been a lot of coverup,
but maybe that's how it shook out.
Holy shit.
That's, I mean, that is what happened.
I don't think that's an alternate world.
I think that is the subtext to that song.
Has to be, has to be.
Also, just one more thing I want to say
before we move on from this topic.
Oh no, I also have more things to say about this topic.
We are not even close to moving on.
Where's my rematch?
Okay, I want this rematch.
Aaron Carter should be in the prime of his life.
He's gotta be what, 45 now, something?
I don't know.
Seems like this would be the time
for him to compete against Shaq.
Oh God, he's only 28 years old.
What in the living fuck?
Okay, so Aaron Carter, 28 years old,
should be in his prime.
Let's see, he's gonna be in DC
at the Howard Theater, October 20th.
Let's get it on.
Shaq, get by there.
Let's get this rematch going.
Yes, I'll Google a nearby basketball zone
and we will get this fucking thing going.
Also, just want to bring up the track
on Shaq Presents the Super Friends Volume One
with Dr. Dre is called
I Will Have My Revenge on the Blonde Child.
And that's the opener.
That's the first song is
I Will Have My Revenge on the Blonde Child.
So it looks like he's got one here with Will.i.am
and it's called
I Will Drink the Blonde Child's Blood
Like Basketball Milk.
That seems like a wild track.
Little known fact, the reason that it was never released,
Aaron Carter actually paid to buy the album
so that it would never be heard by human ears.
And that, my friends, is how he, in fact, did beat Shaq.
He's been keeping it quiet.
There's a song here with George Clinton and Snoop Dogg
that's called
On the Day of the Fateful Game
I Had a Big and Powerful Sickness.
I'm actually looking at this track list
and every song on this album is sort of an explanation
for why he lost the basketball game to Aaron Carter.
By the way, I was just kidding.
The song that he does with George Clinton and Snoop Dogg
is Atomic Dog.
Mr. O'Neil, one question.
I don't think you can just do that.
I like that Atomic Dogg song.
I would like it on my album.
Well, we already did it.
Did it.
I know, but I'm putting an album together
and I would really, really like that song on it.
Yeah, on my album this time.
But me do, but I'll do it.
But I'll do it.
I'll be Snoop Dogg this time.
Thank you so much for listening to our
Shaq and Aaron Carter beef cast.
My brother, my brother, and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Unless you're Shaq, in which case I can imagine.
This was a troubling episode.
Or Aaron Carter.
I feel like both of them didn't get out of it, okay?
Yeah, sorry, it's kind of a short one.
Travis has to leave to start a new life
in the Queen City, Cincinnati.
Safe travels, Travis, and good luck on your journey.
Thank you, brother.
Bon chance.
I hope you've brought much smoked meat
to sustain you on your voyage.
I have, I must go out and interview guides
to lead me from this western Virginia county.
Oh, you just take the double A up.
It's not that hard.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it's gonna be easy.
Okay, I was gonna take 52 and then disconnect with the 104-73.
The double A takes like 15 minutes longer,
but it's way prettier, like way more scenic.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, but there's like no fast food, there's nothing.
Yeah, gas up before, because like there's like nothing on it.
Anyway, anyway, thank you, Travis,
a sincere thank you to you all.
First off, everybody who came out to Candle Nights,
thank you, a huge thank you to you,
and helping us to, not helping us,
like just for us raising a bunch of money
for Recovery Point and Addiction Recovery Center
here in Huntington.
So thank you so much for doing that
and allowing us to serve as your conduits
and making the trip to Huntington and everything.
Everybody seemed to have a good time, so thank you.
So, yeah, we are done with the TV show.
I think this episode's also going up on Tuesday
because we're recording it very, very late,
but I promise we're gonna get back on a regular schedule
and things are looking up.
I feel like we open up this podcast
by complaining about doing the TV show.
Really, we're just complaining about doing work.
I think the TV show, I mean, I don't think,
I know the TV show's gonna be great,
and I really think you all are gonna love it,
and I'm really excited for you to watch it.
And I'm really excited for you to see it.
And I don't know how many of them listen to this podcast,
but I wanna thank everybody who helped out with it,
not helped out, the people who actually made the TV show.
Yeah, who let us be in the show.
Who let us be in your television show you made.
We really, really appreciate it.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really great album.
You should go get it if you don't have it already.
I wanna thank Maximum Fun for having us on their network.
Just go to MaximumFun.org
and listen to all the very, very good podcasts there.
If you like the stuff that we do,
you can find all our podcasts and video series
and PO boxes and contact information
and all that shit at McElroyShows.com.
I also wanna say thank you to everybody
who like follows us on Twitter
and through the Facebook group.
Facebook group's blowing up.
It's popping off.
It's been in like a constant state of off-popping
for like the last year or so.
Yes.
And it's just a lot of fun.
Thank you for everybody for joining us there.
Yeah, all right.
Final Yahoo time, this was sent by a level 9,000 Yahoo Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Nathalia, who asks,
where are the real Cuban sorcerers?
Where are the real Cuban sorcerers?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Where are the real Cuban sorcerers?
This has been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
I'm Jesse.
I'm Jordan.
And we've been doing Jordan Jesse Go for almost 10 years now.
And it's not gotten any easier to describe.
So we asked our fans to do it for us.
Jordan Jesse Go is a weekly conversation with two best pals.
Two hilarious friends.
The hilarious smart kids.
Talking about hilarious stuff that happens to them.
Mostly really stupid stuff.
Awkward and it goes insane tangents, heartfelt stuff.
It's like being thrown in the middle of a hilarious conversation
between you and your best pal.
It's a show that makes me laugh every week,
which is pretty rare and wonderful.
Might be the best thing on the internet.
One of the funniest things you will hear.
And it's the best part of my week.
And has kept me company for the past seven years
through all sorts of life.
I love those guys.
That's Jordan Jesse Go,
the comedy podcast that's been named Best of iTunes.
Every Monday on MaximumFun.org or your favorite podcasting software.
