The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello and welcome
My brother my brother and me and advice show for the modern era. I am your oldest brother
Justin McElroy, and I am Archduke Travis McElroy Lord of the Manor
What's that that's fancy man, that's fancy man God. Oh, you know what we need
I can fancy take flight. We need to hire a Herald for the year to announce for us
Yes, I've advocated for this a long time on this show
Yeah, get yourself a personal Herald and I think that this is the time for it
In old-timey art and stuff when they did show like a Herald or town crier
Yeah, I always thought that my man had a horn, but I do believe it was some sort of proto Vuvuzela
Like some you know what? I mean?
Come and whip it over his head and be like check out the Prince
or something or well
No, if the Prince is already there than the town Herald suck shit at his job
You got to let you got to give me fair warning so I can get my kids dressed up and in their finery
And get him outside to greet the Prince and all that stuff
but I'm just saying if he came out in the middle of town was like
That good Vuvuzela sound I would stop what I was doing chopping chopping lumber. Yeah
I mean potatoes
Right, and yeah exactly can I say such a fucking good like
17th century agrarian
Like I mean you have the Constitution for it
You got the build you have the sinew the sinew the muscle the musculature
If I would be so bold of the iron stomach that can eat basically uncooked meat. It would be so dope
I think I'd be really good at collecting barleys to give to the kid to give to the king and the
Satisfaction I would get out of that Mike's family wouldn't have any of the barley dick
But I would know like I bet the Kings eating good today. Yeah, I would love that actually probably not make it through the week
Griffin if you're ever if you ever see a portal yeah, and you step through and you look around you don't see any cars
Yeah, you should just start funeral planning them. Yeah
I mean
Come back through the portal if you can come back to the world we can but if not like start your funeral plan
They don't have a modium back then yeah, and like that would be my number one concern
They don't have like white noise machines
They're obviously I would love it if Griffin was the one who got sucked through the portal and hello from the magic tavern
the portal behind the Burger King
Because it would literally just be like an afternoon of him like tripping over a log falling to a sharp rock
And dying
There's a chance that like the denizens of this world would see him and be like look at that pasty skin in his noodly arms
He must be royalty. Yeah
That young that young waifers never worked a day in his life
be smirched by consumption I
Have a 21st century immune system. They have nothing that could take me down. That's the first thing second
Even if I did get sort of
diarrhea so bad that it sort of became my
Sort of defining characteristic if I knew that I would as long as I'm getting that barley to my great king
yeah, and I knew that like he was
Stuffed to the gills with this good stuff, and I think I could I think I would be okay with it now
Here's what I will say Griffin if you were able to survive
The everything I could see you being the wise barley farmer
That delivers the barley in such a way that the king is like I'm gonna elevate you like you you not only deliver the body
He wouldn't he'd be like that barley is my fucking life. Yeah, I live for this
But the other I would elevate you but then I'm worried that that would affect the barley supply chain
And so like I want you to know yes that in my heart
I've elevated you but also if you don't deliver this fucking barley on a regular schedule
I'll have your literal heads Baren Harkin and left Griffin with the worst barley collecting equipment just to sabotage him
It was but then Griffin was able to do it. He tied two donkeys together, and they got all the barley
I'm just saying when all the other serfs begin their uprising
Yeah, like why does the king keep taking literally a hundred percent of our barley?
Come on Griffin. Let's fucking ride. I would be like
Uh, y'all go y'all go on ahead. I will I will definitely catch up on this uprising
Catch me on the next uprising for sure. I just got to place a quick phone call to
My leash this is this is a good point Griffin because it's just occurred to me that like in that way
I actually think you might survive better
Yeah, I think if I went back to the portal and the other serfs are like the king keeps taking all of our barley
I bet yeah, there's barley any left for us. They would just murder me. I think they'd be like hey
We're real sick of whatever this thing is that you're doing where some words sound like other words
So we're gonna just go ahead and kill you and there's no
Forensics or cops or an amazing bifurcation of the timeline is the first person to do a pun
Yeah, everyone's like kill him kill the way. Yeah. Yeah, enjoy him
And then there's only the devil could figure out that some words sound like other words
It's fine though
Cuz if at any point if other denizens of the fiefdom ever did get p.o'd at me
I just pull out my cell phone and be like y'all should not actually
Check out my fucking light rectangle idiots now step back. Let me harvest my barley and give it to my dad
I mean the king oops I do that. Oh, that's so oh man. It's embarrassing me
So this is an advice show
Well, you're gonna take your questions that you asked us and we're gonna turn them alchemy like into wisdom. I
Have a slight fever and I'm but I'm not this isn't a question
I know sometimes covered free Justin slips into a question and it's hard to tell like is that Justin is that question?
This is Justin. That's your internal
Joke combustion engine. I don't want people to be like everyone's looking for us to slip even for a second
But yeah, I mean they all come in for the crown. Everyone's come for the crowd. They're waiting for us
Not me to have Griffin Griffin. I think who's got the crown on now is great
And I will I will definitely send them all of my all my crop this year. I
Work it. Oh, sorry. I'm this of the first question. Give me that first question Justin
How can I be more like Captain Jack Sparrow? That's from Maritime, Massachusetts
Waiting for an answer
Can I ask why you'd why this is something? Yeah. Well, it's so rare that a question comes along that I'm like, oh
That's not what we're asking at your internal machinations. We've given up on a long time ago
Oh great. Well Griffin and I are asking I think I don't want to put words in your mouth there Griff
But why would you want to be more like Captain Jack Sparrow?
well, that's you're not putting words in my mouth you're taking the words from my mouth because those are the words that escape my mouth just
Just Captain Jack Sparrow is a lovable rogue. Okay
well and and one of the greatest pirates that one guy's ever seen and
He's super clever. He gets out of scrapes
He is a real out-of-the-box out-of-the-box problem-solver
And you know, he has his own ship. He makes his own rules. Yeah
He seems more or less like a pretty cool dude to me you guys
Let me just for just for folks who maybe haven't seen these films. I'll
I'll summarize them real quick. Yeah, there's Captain Jack Sparrow. There's his dad Barbosa. Who's also a
Yeah, there's Barbacoa. There's squid face monster captain and then there's like
Stuck up naval general guy sure and they all take turns sort of trading sides
So but at every point throughout the 19 films that was made in this series
They just did different match-em-ups like in this one Captain Jack Sparrow and squid face are teaming up against good guy and Barbacoa
And then they'll switch the next
This time it's Captain Jack and and and Barbacoa and the good general against squid man
And I think that's the seventh or eighth one, you know, it's kind of like wrasslin in that way. Yeah
Very much so for me in W. Oh, yeah
Water organization, it's fucked up in that one movie where they all were the good guy
And they just kind of sailed around for a while. Nothing really happened
What if none of us is a bad guy? What if we just want different things?
Okay, what if all of our motivations are different and our life goals just don't like line up
But we can learn to see each other's perspective
yeah, and there was the one that was it was just Captain Jack Sparrow and all the other captains were gone and everybody in the
Movie theater kept yelling like this soft. This means more captains. Oh
Also, Orlando Bloom's becomes a captain and at the end one of us so there's five captains all sort of just switch
I think he becomes undead. Yeah, if I remember correctly, it's a really cool flicks
But he does take time Orlando Bloom does take time to get Kiera Knightley pregnant before
He then goes away for I believe ten years at a time if I'm not
Before he turns into a bone skeleton and he doesn't have any more
calm
Can't talk about Jack Sparrow without relating the anecdote of the freest man I ever met
okay, I was in a murder mystery and
We I used to do these murder mysteries at Raywood Castle all the time beautiful place they don't do anymore
Mr. Denham, they used to run him retired
But at the end of the day or the end of the weekend once the murders have been solved and the corpses
I'm cold pile everybody burnt everybody would stand up and like introduce themselves
Yeah, and there was a guy at one who was just like Jack Sparrow and I'd clocked this dude before
Well, we're on land so he didn't have a captain captain captain Jack and he was like
I'd clocked this guy before in this exact same captain Jack because it was like a pretty good captain Jack
Yeah, and he said I realized something this weekend. I used to think that when I came here and I got dressed up like this
I was putting on a costume
But what I realized is
This is me and what I'm wearing out there. That's the costume. Fuck. Yeah, dude. Yes, dude. Fuck
Yes, live it. I'm just saying if they need a new
Cap Jack he's in. Yeah, probably still right from the castle. That's so much like that
How can you be more like him? Yeah, we didn't even attempt it. We just talked about him for a while. Hey, wait
No, no, just if that's how can you look like him? I mean just like how can I be you say be more like?
Jonathan Sparrow
That's his real name. Of course, Jonathan. So fucking dirty
Well yesterday I couldn't I could not do that
That life cuz he's so he's so dirty
He's not even just like I haven't taken a shower or bath in a while dirty like he's done things
Yeah to become
like more dirty
It's a it's a vibe. He is doing of just like can I be the dirtiest rascal?
He's a dirty rascal. I think that that is rule number one be a dirty rascal
I think rule number two if you accomplish something in it like seems more difficult than it really was
Say it was Turtles. That's a good one. That's a good one. Say it was Turtles
Every time every time he was like sea turtles and they're like, oh fuck this dude rules
I'll turn to Wikipedia it begins the characterization section with according to screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio
Sparrow is a trickster who uses wit and deceit Arlecchino
Are we stirring up the pot is a trickster. He uses wit and deceit to attain his goals referring to in disputes verbally instead of a horse. Oh
With a slightly drunken swagger and has slurred speech and flailing hand gestures. Yes. Sparrow is shrewd
calculating and eccentric
So that the slightly drunken swagger I think is attainable right now. Yeah, that's attainable today
You don't even got to be drunk to do that man. Yeah, you just get a little little swag also
He's a he's a very good swordsman. I just want it not the best
hard though of like all the
Character traits to try to embody like I don't you need that one
Well, not at first but it fucked up that on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride
they did add cap captain Jack to it, but they and he looks like
Pretty pretty photorealistic I would say yeah
But the other animatrons in that ride still kind of look like sort of ghoulish commedia dell'arte
Masks of fear. Yeah, but then like you turn a corner and there's
Photorealistic captain Jack Sparrow. He's like you have to get me out of here. Yes. Yeah, take me to the Hall of Presidents
Presidents
Presidents that would be great. By the way. Hey Disney if you're listening just start incorporating Jack Sparrow into other animatronic things, too
like the bear jamboree and
Hall of Presidents anywhere there are animatronics just have like sneaky Jack Sparrow
Peeking out from like behind things and like that's out of barrels and shit. Yeah
There's a quote on here, too. I just wanted to pass along it says
a gentleman m'lady you will always remember this as the day that you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow and that is
That's the quote that source to Jack almost escapes another sticky situation
Wow, yeah
that is something that I have tried in my day-to-day life if I go to the post office and
There's a big line and I'm about to wait in the line and then I'm like, no, I'm not gonna wait in the line
I'll loudly announce
gentleman m'lady you will always remember this as the day you almost caught Captain Justin McElroy and they're like
Where are we catching what?
Better luck next time and then you'll swing out on a rope. Never me down
Now here's the wing that rope is attached to nothing
Justin is just always holding a rope and a saver and if he sees a situation
He wants to get out of he swings the saber and just yells huzzah
And then kind of walks out holding the rope up like he's swinging on it, which is not don't get me wrong
It's a cool move. It works every time it plays
Anyway, that was a lot of talk about Pirates of the Caribbean Travis. You're welcome
It's just once a year. I need it
Listen, I realize I kind of called that in really early this year and I'm gonna be fucking regretting that
Give anything to talk about it. I get it I get it, but I needed it
Can we push the Wizards throne and make a sweet off I brought barley?
Okay, you what I brought barley. Oh
Yeah, the wizard you forgot your own fucking thing from like he's allergic Travis. I didn't forget it
The Wizards allergic to grains. Oh, this is actually this is nut based barley. Oh
Nut barley, huh? Yeah, I made it from almonds
He's not he does paleo Travis. Fuck know that. Yeah. Hey cool. This is meat nuts. I
I
Made almonds out of beef and then I use those
These are these are delicious meat nuts, okay, so this one was sent in by
Celia thank you. Celia
It's a wikiHow article and it's from the wizard
He wrote it and it's how to convince your parents to let you wear a thong. Thank you
Well, let's just say let's just say step zero. Keep your grades up. Yeah
Obviously if your grades slip there's no way that this is gonna happen
yeah, that's your parents to let you wear a thong may seem like an impossible task with enough preparation and strategy your chance of
convincing them strengthens
Convince them with a persuasive argument that will leave them confident in your abilities. Ah, yes
They know they're gonna rock that shit. That's like that's terrible. That's like to basically say like do a good job
Yeah, yeah, like convince them to like, okay. Yeah wikiHow. That's why I'm here
Yeah, there's a lot of cognitive dissonance in this wikiHow article and that's like compared to other wikiHow articles
And so that's saying something part one prepare your argument one plan your strategy
Yeah, what do you think I'm doing wikiHow? Yeah
It's a combination of appealing to your parents reasonable side and appealing to their emotional side
You want to hit them from both angles to show your argument is thorough. Tell them how important this is to you
So like is it like a slideshow set to Sarah McLaughlin? Is that what they're talking about?
So I've got the I've got the details, but also a little tug of the heartstrings there. You know what I mean?
I think that's the same the songs of
The angels that was lazy. Okay
When you plan the tracks of the angels
Rest up. It's not getting you're not I'm actually listening to you in real time
So I know these are not getting more. There's not more effort going into it
Well this time I was getting there because the thongs would be in the cracks of the angels. Okay, okay
When you plan your strategy write down how you'll approach them reasonably
What kind of things do your parents react to on a logical level?
What are their weaknesses? Oh
That's great because then you sit down you're looking at the paper which your dad loves all dads love the paper
Yeah, you say like, oh, did you see this turns out thongs are really good for the economy
Mmm, that's great. They were a real Christmas story sort of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh and then explain in really intricate detail how thongs are
undermining
Cryptocurrency and I bet your dad
They hate crypto
Okay, yeah, they don't understand it Justin. Do your parents have a strong sense of pride?
Are they quick to avoid fear?
These are the kinds of things you should be thinking about that's great
Because if this thong plan goes south you you will be multiple steps closer to knowing how to destroy your parents
Psychologically, is there a kid in your class that your parents acknowledges the Alpha?
Right because like that I might listen my kids coming home every day talk about I don't know Christina Derek
I don't know Jamal somebody right and I'm like, what did they do today? Huh? Yeah, cool
Oh, that's so cool, man. They did what all their parents bought them the new switch, whatever it is, right?
Yeah, it's like oh, yeah, they wear a thong and I'm like what they do
Okay, this next part this next part so tight. Let's just get through it
Okay to know why you want to wear a thong an important part of your strategy is appealing to your parents sense of reason a well
Reasoned argument includes persuasive justifications for wearing a thong write down five or six logical reasons why you would want to wear a thong Wow
Yeah, let me thongs thongs don't show panty lines
The main benefit of this is that it avoids attention to your butt surely your parents can get on board with that
They don't want people looking at their baby's bottom
No way thongs last longer since there's less fabric to wait they reshape better than regular ponies
Is that true if you change shape at all?
It is less likely that you will have to buy new ponies saving money and then step three thongs keep you cooler and hot temperatures
They are lightweight allowing for better air flow by avoiding sweat in your ponies
You will also avoid possible skin rashes or blemishes
That mean that's all three reasons. I did say five or six
But also, there's no fucking way thongs last longer. There's no way doesn't make sense
They're a hair and friction friction pressure, but just like it's flimsy, too
There's less fabric. There's less room for stitching
problems I
Mean that is the thing. Let me tell you I I did I dabbled in speech and debate in high school
You got to have some counter points ready like what what are your parents gonna bring up?
Wedgie promise is definitely one of them. Yeah, and this is where you need a counterpoint right where you're just like, yeah
I wear a tight belt. Oh
Interesting, no one's getting in there
Wells well
Samantha if you promise to just wear a tight belt
Every time you're wearing these things and then every time you come downstairs in a tight belt your prints would be like, oh how responsible
No good choices step three step three show them you are responsible prove to your parents
You are a responsible person who makes responsible choices doing this will give your argument more credibility
on a sack of flour for a while
Carried around you come on, baby. Yeah
Wow, she's doing a great job keeping those under pants on that
Flower if you have chores or homework do them on time without being asked
So you're great your grades up for sure your grades up save your money instead of spending it on frivolous things
And do not stay out late or come home drunk. Well guys, I went a whole month without coming home drunk
So I think yes, you're ready
You're ready now for those special underwear
Be prepared to pay for your thong. Yeah, like getting the alternative is like not
Not going to work. Look I'm not like you asked me to now. I need a hundred dollars
I do not know the best thongs. I don't want to sully myself
Practice your argument in the mirror. Yeah
Yeah, that's that that's something that would be cool to have somebody walk in on my butt
It gets so sweaty mom
What are you doing there? No, they get out
Approach your parents about the conversation. Yeah
Ask when they seem to be in a good way approach them
He doesn't want to start screaming through the walls when they're doing
Hey hypothetically if I were to ask you about thongs just hypothetically
Okay, so part two convincing your parents one bring your notes with you. Awesome
Fucking awesome. You can hide them in your pocket or another discreet place in your pocket is great because you can be like
I need to wear a thong because uh
My butt gets sweaty or doesn't get so hold on one sec
It says here my butt does get sweaty
broach the subject
calmly
Try to control the conversation as much as possible the more you're interrupted the easier it will be for you to lose your place and forget
What to say, that's it. They just want to flummox you. Yeah, that's that that misdirection is like number one parenting secret
That's why right off the bat you have to flummox them call them by their first names. Yeah
Do you uh?
Daddy, I really want this new good. You can't say daddy. You gotta say like Jonathan
Jonathan well, this is what I'm imagining my children coming to me and asking for the new jitsu toy
And I interrupt and say like but what is a gu jitsu?
And then they're like all up in there in there then their mind labyrinth and they just can't escape it
Go through your list of logical reasons the sweat. Did I mention the sweat thing and the panty lines they got to go
They got to go
Everyone's gonna look at my butt if I don't wear a thong is that what you want fucking weirdo nasty
You're nasty for that nasty dad and a nasty mom
Appeal to their emotions this one. I feel like you've given us a lot of ammunition for the logical stuff
Yeah, I don't know what that what we're pulling on heartstring wise
Remind them that you're growing up old enough to make decisions about how to adorn your own body
Yeah, I mean that's pretty foolproof mom dad. I'm 32. Let me wear a thong
Invite questions well
Jonathan Alicia
Thus concludes my presentation. Thank you for your time today. I really appreciate your attention
There will be coffee and some snacks on your way out. Oh
Let's take some questions right? Oh wait. Oh, I'm getting the light
I'm sorry. That concludes my time stay tuned for the next TED talk about
Macrobiology or whatever?
Give them some time to talk it over or think about it. No, you can't have a thong. Well, hold up
Circle back tomorrow. Thank you. Remember what I said Alicia think what does Alicia think Alicia?
You guys do not seem on the same page about you know, Jonathan. You never take time to ask Alicia what she thinks
Oh, I'm so sorry. You have to put this this
We'll go get some wine Alicia, we don't need Jonathan for this
Start part three reacting to their response be prepared for any response. Okay?
Prepare yourself for the possibility. They will say no or drive the discussion out
it's a good idea to come up with possible solutions to those scenarios, even if they do not happen you press the button and
Jail cell bars drop over every exit from the kitchen. Yeah anywhere. I have these jail bars
Installed until we're done here until I'm done with you
react calmly
If they respond with an immediate, no, don't storm off in a huff or raise your voice. Let me wear a thong. No
Okay
Cool, if you feel yourself getting upset breathe check to see if your body is tensing up and relax your body
If none of that works and everyone's still glaring at each other tell a joke. Humor is a great way to defuse a tense situation
That's awesome
Play this play Cisco's thong song at maximum volume on every smart device in the house Alexa
This this one seems like actually a very good strategy ask them why they say no
Like I want to wear thongs everything in your life, huh? Yeah speak on that speak on that, please
Do you think that this is something is this because your parents had no to you for something Jonathan?
Jonathan, are you just projecting forth your?
Your fear of not being responsible enough for a thong. I understand that I understand that you've forgotten what it's like to want things Jonathan
songs Jonathan and that's that's partially my fault since I since I was was born and I understand that that's a sacrifice parents have
To make but don't you don't have to force that on me. Did I mention the sweat?
sweaty, but
Why do you want my butt to sweat dad? Damn?
I thought we were cool
If your parents won't budge off of them a compromise, maybe you can suggest revisiting the topic after you show more responsibility
That's probably gonna do it. It's because I didn't mop enough
All right, mom dad compromise. I'll wear the thong over regular underpants. Yeah
Finally step five drop the subject if all else fails accept your fate and walk away
Do not continue to beg or harass your parents doing that will only diminish any chance of convincing them later and it will put them
In a bad mood walking away from the argument with grace allows you to keep your parents respect, huh?
Seems like you're very lost your parents respect cuz I don't respect enough to let you wear the thong you crave. Yeah. Yeah
I
Think also I'll add a step six on this wiki article
I don't think you're allowed to just I don't think these are up for community edits, but you could also just do it
Yeah, and what are they going to do? You know what I mean? You'll have to wash them yourself to not get
if you really want to cloak the situation, but like
They're not gonna be like hmm Samantha can't help but notice
There's not as many panty lines this morning because that's a fucking wild thing to say over the over the in the breakfast nook
I think that I think that these are foolproof ideas
I will also say if if your parents say no instead of just walking away and accepting your fate
Let me offer this say like, okay. I hear you. Let's revisit this in q3
Let's circle back in q3. I think that that's gonna like knock them off their groove a little bit
Yeah, so that when you bring up in q3, they're like, I think they're a business person
Sometimes my kids drop something and that would be the exact moment to attack
Like if they just like dropped it like all right
I would be so sort of like I would need to sit down on the floor for a little bit
Yeah, and that's the time where you like if you change your mind. Just let me know. Yeah
Show me the exact date on this calendar where I'm gonna be a lot of ways
The thing is q2 q2 is the summertime. And so my butt is gonna be
Just just covered with rashes and irritation because of my stupid big underwear
Yeah, to be fair Griffin that depends on your family's fiscal year starts, right? That's a fair point
I mean if anything just a week after you do this conversation if it fails you sit down in the breakfast nook and you go
Ah, oh
Sorry guys
Covered in rashes chalk a block rashes down there. Wow, it's irritated. Oh
man
The kids in school. They keep yelling at me every time I yell every time I sit down at the classroom desk or lunch table
Yeah, and they're like, is it your visible panty lines that are giving you rashes sweaty, but are you wearing a teenage diaper?
hurts
teenage diaper
Barber
Let's take a break and go over the my zone we guys think about that. Yeah
Oh
Hey, can I tell you guys something absolutely wild y'all I tweeted
Lou wherever you are. We need a mombo number six now more than ever and
And Linda Carter aka Wonder Woman retweeted it quote
Tweeted it and said sounds like a fun job for the Justice League
What what the fuck?
How would you say? Why would you say this when we're going into the money zone?
We can talk about when we come back now. I mean, I think we're in it now. I think you've started it
Yeah
We can't do the ads now because we have to talk about why Linda Carter thinks a good job for the Justice League would be defined
Lou Bega make him dream of a number. I mean a big thing is why this ended up on on
Linda Carter's plate in the first place. Linda Carter does not follow me on Twitter. No, yeah
but there's obviously some degree of
separation there where like somebody retweeted it and then Linda Carter saw that and
Was like, I don't know who this fucking Travis nobody is but he's got some dope thoughts about Lou Bega
But what about instead of Lou Bega? It's Aquaman
What if they said like the D string Justice League to go find Lou Bega that actually would be a fun idea
Wonder Twins is right about go find Lou Bega. Yeah wonder twins and so the other bad ones that nobody likes red tornado, baby
I think that the amount of you're you're not thinking I think logically about this because there's still so there is
Uncalculable power that exists in the the the
Dead Sea Mambo scrolls the Mambo apocrypha of one through four
I think that if we got our hands on that that quadrilogy
It would be enough to tide us over for the next few centuries. You have to do Mambo number six Clark
I told you I I can't return to that life. I I don't know that I'm there. I'm able to wield the power responsibly
There's no more woman names. I use them all in five
Dumped in too much trumpet. Don't you understand?
It was too much
He would there be a break in mama never six would be like even more trumpet and it would just be eight
This cordon trumpets just all blue and would shatter. Yeah, I knew it on
The Mambo number five maxi single. There are four tracks. I'm betting it was a casino, right? It would have to be. Yeah
Mama number five radio edit mama number five extended mix
Mambo Havana Club mix. Yeah Mambo
The trumpet and that one is six minutes long. Oh god. I don't know if it's just like hey, here's something you could sample
It's the trumpet
Mm-hmm, but it's just him saying the trumpet in a bunch of different ways for six minutes. No horn is present on the track
Okay. Anyway, hey, I want to tell you all about stumps calm
If you're a small business owner or you're busy or you work from your house and need to get things to go from one place
To another don't worry about the post office because it can be big lines
With stamps calm you can skip the trip and never waste another dollar or minute. Skip the trip and flip the script
With stamps calm they let you print official postage right from your computer
So you can spend less time at the PO and that's post office and more time running your business
Stamps are gonna gives you access to all the post offices
Wonder wonderful powers and UPS shipping services that you need right from your computer and you get discounts
You can't find anywhere else like up to 40% off USPS rates and 60. Nope
That's backwards 76% off UPS whether you're an office sitting invoices or a side hustle Etsy shop or whatever
Stamps calm is here to make your life easier save time and money this year with storms calm
Sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a four-week trial free postage and a digital scale
That you can weigh anything with no long-term commitments or contracts
Just go to stamps calm click the microphone at the top of the page and enter code my brother
I wonder which one of us will talk about stitch fix. Oh, it's me. Okay, great
I want to talk about stitch fix because I love it. I'm wearing stitch fix pants right now and I love them
I'm wearing a stitch fix shirt. I love it because stitch fix has you covered say goodbye to endless browsing and hello to fresh picks
That's the beauty of stitch fix my friends
Is that I did not that did not feel comfortable when you know, I was half burping when I said it which was oh, no
But I mean I wasn't gonna highlight it but you did and then I'm not gonna lie to my friends
So stitch fix freestyle is your trusted style destination
You know you pick things that work for you that fit your legs and lifestyle
It's not like you know, it's not like your aunt bought you that ugly sweater and you don't like it
This is like your cool aunt bought you that cool sweater and you love it because you went to your cool aunt and said hey
This is the sweater. I want give me that sweater and your cool aunt said I'm so busy being cool
I forgot it was your birthday. You got it
So whether you're looking for a brand you love or to try a new one try stitch fix freestyle
You can shop over a thousand brands. That's more brands than I even knew existed and
Styles personalized to your size and fit less no subscription required and free shipping returns and exchanges
Get started today by filling out your style quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother to try stitch fix freestyle stitch fix comm slash my brother
Hey there, I'm Ellen Weatherford and I'm Christian Weatherford and we've got big feelings about animals that we just got to share
On
Just the zoo of us your new favorite animal review podcast
We're here to critically evaluate how each animal excels and how it doesn't
Rating them out of ten on their effectiveness ingenuity and aesthetics
Guest experts give you their takes informed by actual real-life experiences studying and working with very cool animals like sharks
Cheetahs and sea turtles. It's a field trip to the zoo for your ears
So if you or your kids have ever wondered if a pigeon can count why sloths move so slow or how a spider sees the world
Find out with us every Wednesday on just the zoo of us in its natural habitat on maximum fun org
Listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts
You
Somewhere between science and superstition there is a podcast
Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon
She says she's the devil himself that thing is not my daughter
And I want you to tell me there's a show where the hosts don't just report on French science and spirituality
But take part themselves
Well, there is and it's oh no Ross and Carrie on maximum fun this year. We actually became
Certified exorcists. So yes Carrie and I can help your daughter
Or we can just talk about it on the show. Oh
No, Ross and Carrie on maximum fun org
You got really moved at the end of that trip. Yeah, I'm still getting over being sick, but it just gave me a lot of emotion
Yes, that's so beautiful, man. I love that
I'm the only one that's not sick right now and y'all are making fun of my
Medieval immune system. So I mean I'm sick and I was still doing like freeway exercises. So oh
I do those every day anyway. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What do you what do you bench in? What are you doing?
What's your favorite thing to do?
What are you benching? What are you doing? What's your what's your you doing curls you doing?
You know, what are you doing? I mostly just lift them up off the ground as for as long as I can
Hold on to him right now. Oh, really? I'm building a lot of passive muscle. Oh
Yeah background muscle is what they call it
It's been so long
Really? I really didn't think Justin would do this because he was sick and like but I
Think that kind of shows a little bit
Squad I want a much squad
Oh, yeah, baby
Hi, welcome on squad. Well, thank you. It's good to be here within a push. Shut up. Oh
Podcasts in a podcast which profiles the latest and greatest in brand eating
rather than set up today's thing with
You know
spiel I
Wanted to play the commercial for it first great and then talk about it. Is that okay?
Now I warn you
This is two minutes and 20 seconds long. Oh, man. Oh, yeah, but listen
You're gonna be in such a fucking tizzy when you hear what this is this ad from the year of our Lord 2020
see
2022 yeah, see you're gonna trip you ready
Are you ready? Yes
One day the guy on the buffalo wing was riding around in a forest smell the smell
He's thinking where's that smell coming from feels like maybe over there
So we mosey don't over pull back on the range
That's how you stop a buffalo wing and he hopped on off and he looked in the bush and he saw the wall go to glow of a buffalo garlic blaze meal from Zaxby's
I'm gonna take this with me to go. It's great. Wouldn't it be good with some range?
Go!
Oh, thanks Eagle
Oh, no, you don't ask too many questions
But it's a guy on the buffalo wing
Guy on the buffalo wing
One day the guy on the buffalo wing saw a fox in the weeds. He's thinking that fox seems shady
No, he's probably harmless enough. I'll just let him go. See you little fella
And then he found a hedgehog jammed down in a log and pulled him out and they became best friends
They went back to the buffalo wing to snack down on Zaxby's, but the food was gone. The stinking fox stole our meals
Oh, but you know what? I got an idea says the hedgehog. I got something stashed in an old stump
Oh, that's a buffalo garlic blaze meal. That's what I was just eating. Oh, it's tantalizing. Let's sit down and eat it
Mmm, that's pretty good
Guy on the buffalo wing
Well, if it isn't the chicken wing thief
Sorry, man. I'm a fox. It's kind of my thing. Truce? Come here, man. We're cool
Oh, it's a guy on the buffalo wing
Hey, uh, guy? I don't remember it happening like that
Yeah, I don't either
Every time he eats Zaxby's that's all he wants to talk about
Yeah, I saw the original and it was definitely a buffalo you were riding not a buffalo wing
Guy on the buffalo wing
And then it's the original old guy from guy on the buffalo
I can't believe
Can you believe
That guy on the buffalo wing
That bones are their money
There's there's been
Justin I don't
I don't I don't think
I've been dealing with this now you got to deal with it
Well, I'm mostly dealing with the fact that it now it's on our show now. It's on our show
So now it's on other problems. There's no fucking way
Uh-huh
That I would say more than 30% of our audience understands the reference
That's okay
Wait, there's a reference?
You're probably
Travis?
Travis, are you fucking with me?
I am not fucking with you at all. I have no idea what this was
Okay, stop the show
Okay
This is what I'm saying, Justin
It's it's this is okay Griffin. You're actually your math was right. I got a 30%
I guess 66.6 repeating
But that's not a good hit rate. I think okay. So okay back in 2011
There was a series of YouTube videos called guy on a buffalo that took
Clips from an old show from the 70s. I think called Buffalo Jones
Of just a guy riding around on a buffalo and
Mainly just fighting off animals that try to get at him
Okay, but now they've said but now Zaxby's has taken that 11 year old meme
And well, you know, I don't know Justin got fucking berries and cream started again
So I guess anything's possible
I guess anything is definitely possible
Damn Zaxby's that's a deep fucking cut
It's like a 30% of our audience and approximately 0.03
Repeating percent of the TV watching audience
Yeah
So Zaxby's launched an ad campaign to introduce its Buffalo Garlic Blaze signature sauce
The new campaign features the quirky guy on a buffalo wing national spot
Which premiered during Monday's college football playoff and will run during the big game
On February 13th. Oh, they're still doing that. Yeah, they're still going for it
The pandemic numbers are so bad. Are you sure they're not going to cancel it?
They're definitely going to cancel it
They're going to zoom. They're going to zoom it
Now I'm tackling you. Hey, I tackled that guy
Oh my god, can I just say like a bunch of like iPads on robotic like bases fucking watch the shit out of that
Sounds better than football, no concussions
Yeah
It's just a bunch of like tricked out robots getting wild
You do have to be careful dumping the Gatorade because you're going to ruin a lot of technology that way
Yeah, tens of thousands of dollars. All these segues are ruined
It's just, it's just, it's just, it's not, it's just wild y'all
It would be like if fucking, I don't know, Cheerios were like all your Cheerios are belong to us
The new guy on a buffalo wing commercial follows a lone cowboy riding a Zaxby's style buffalo wing
Who discovers a boneless wings meal from Zaxby's that features the new Buffalo Garlic Blaze sauce
The spot is narrated to a folk song
Pretty sure that's not how that works dramatically
Composed by the band Jomo and the Possum Posse
Featuring quirky characters such as the Bobcat, the Squirrel, the Fox, and the Hedgehog
Why are you describing it like this?
I mean, that's what it is, Trav. I don't know what you want
I know, but it's not like, it's just saying the parts of it without like explaining it at all
Yeah
It's like, yeah, this is what happens in it. Okay, but like why?
Why is that what happens in it?
He says with Dooley Tombras, the president of Zaxby's creative agency of record, Tombras
Says, guy on a buffalo wing is impossible to look away from
The kind of campaign that will make diners wonder what they're missing
And have to try it for themselves
Do you guys think that the mindset of, but you're talking about it
Has gone too fucking far in this year of Our Lord of 2022
Where people are like, yeah, but you're talking about like, yeah, but
Ask me in 10 minutes what the food was
Yeah
I couldn't tell you, but I'll talk about this wild video forever
The last time that worked is when they fucking murdered Mr. Peanut
And I was like, I can't look away from that ad because my good friend Mr. Peanut has passed away
And I thought about it
No, but even then made me not want to eat peanuts because I felt like I was eating his corpse
Or I'd much rather feel like I was eating alive Mr. Peanut over and over again and killing him myself
I would say, Travis, once you see this man riding a buffalo wing
You will not soon forget what this is about
There's several shots where he is eating a plate of boneless garlic wings
Buffalo garlic blaze boneless wings
On a plate that is on top of his steed
Yeah, fucked up
Which is itself a buffalo, a giant buffalo wing
But is it a boneless wing he's riding?
That is up for interpretation
I don't believe so
It looks like it does have a bone in it
Okay
It's just, there's so many things
One, the big buffalo wing does look like I would fuck that up in a major way
Yeah, but then you wouldn't have anything to ride on
But I wouldn't want to sit astride a buffalo wing in the first place
Because some of my top five places that I don't want to get buffalo sauce on
My Goojer is way up there
Especially if you've been riding that saddle all day and you're getting a little chafed
Because your parents wouldn't let you buy a thong
And then you're sitting there and it's just seeping through your slacks
Forget about it, my man
Forget about it, dude
I don't want a spicy Goojer in the middle of the forest
Where am I going to go? What am I going to do about it?
Don't get me started on ants
If this kicks off a trend of doing parodies of ancient, like ancient, ancient memes
I would actually be super into that
I would actually like that quite a bit
You can have any meal you want at Combo.com
Oh, that's good
They could be like, burger, burger, burger, burger, mushroom, mushroom
Yeah, that was me, Star Wars kid
My male pattern baldness has made me into more of a Star Wars man
Oh, man
Oh, boy
Boy, howdy
All right
All right, so that's much one
Give me the next question, Justin
You got it, bud
I work at a hospital
Thank you for your service
And on the patient food trays, they have milk cartons with little jokes
Awesome
One of the jokes
I read one of the jokes to my coworker smiling excitedly
Only for him to nod and politely stare at me
The joke
What happens when a cow doesn't shave?
She grows a mustache
I feel like I'm in a tomb right now
Brothers, was there a problem with my delivery?
Yes
Couldn't matter
Unanswerable
Can I show my face again at work after this?
And most importantly, how do I up my milk-based joke game?
That's from Cowardly Comic in Greenville
I figured with this one, we're three professional top-tier comedians
And I figured that we could maybe do, I don't know, some punch-ups, some coaching here
Justin, I do like, whether intentional or not, how absolutely flat and soulless you deliver that joke
So that we have just solid flat ground to build off of
Yeah, that was about as worse as anybody could deliver that joke
If the joke is good, it doesn't need the help
It is a good joke
This is a good joke
Okay, you deliver it in a way that makes me laugh
Hey Justin
Yeah
Justin
Yeah
Justin
Yeah
What happens when a cow doesn't shave?
What?
She grows a moustache
See, that wasn't funny still, and it wasted more of my time
Well fuck
I would hit it like this
Hey Juice, why doesn't a cow shave?
I don't know, why?
He has a moustache
It sucked still, but it was like
Yeah, but you're thinking about this as people who have been free to make jokes and have fun for the last 45 minutes
You're on break at a hospital where the weight of responsibility can feel crushing
And now here's a brief moment of respite where you're able to goof without feeling like a monster
And you deliver this like, banger moustache joke
The joke sucks shit from the ground up
There's no good delivery of it that's going to make this person who's dying bust up and forget about it
You know what I mean?
So you may as well like, I don't want to rob them of the precious life seconds they've got
Hey, why doesn't a cow shave?
He has a moustache
That's two and a half seconds and then they're able to go do more stuff
I've only seized their attention for like, a really, really minimal amount of time
Is there a punch up you can do to it, Griffin, that like, take this joke and make it work?
Sure, let me try
Hey, what happens if a cow doesn't shave?
What?
What?
It gets a fucking moustache, baby!
That's pretty good
Oh, you know what I like? I like the jokes where it seems like a rip
So you can start off reading the paper, everybody loads the paper
And you go like, oh, did you see this? Did you hear about this?
You hear about one of these things?
You hear about one of these?
You hear about this now?
You hear about this? It looks like this cow, ooh, their razor broke
She wasn't able to shave
Oh yeah, what happened?
Oh, she grew a moustache
That's dope. Here, let me try this
They got bought into it at that point
The cow didn't shave, guess what?
What?
It got a moustache
Huh. That's a thinker
Yeah, that one is good. That's a good way of doing it, actually
Do you know a cow's favorite disgraced Prime Minister of Italy?
Oh no, who?
Mussolini
That's good. I like calling Mussolini a disgraced
I think that's kind of underselling it, but sure, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, he's so embarrassed
Well, he's not graced
That's for damn sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
He's not holding his head up high for a lot of reasons
Yeah, I like that. That's pretty good
Okay, oh, here's a tough one. Now it's a riddle. You ready?
Okay
Which of the Mario Brothers is a cow's favorite?
What?
Which of the Mario Brothers is a cow's favorite?
Who's that?
The Mario Brothers? Oh, it's two plumber bros?
Obviously, I know who the Mario Brothers is because I'm an original gamer
They're friends with Toad? You know Toad's friends?
I don't know anything
Toad!
Yeah, I don't know who that is
You know fucking Toad, dude? Look at my tattoo! This isn't me either
This is the person telling the joke
Yeah, of course, of course
I love the person you've invented
It's Toad's friends
Who doesn't know who Mario or Luigi is, but fucking is just wild about the little pervert Toad
Look at my face! I have a Toad tattoo in the corner of my eye like a teardrop, only it's Toad
I got one for everybody I've killed
Okay
I got six of them
What's the punchline?
Oh, you can say either Moo-ee-gee or Moo-rio
They both work
That sucks
You somehow wrote a worse joke
What's the cow's favorite former president of the European Central Bank?
There's a lot of politics here, Justin
Moo-rio Draghi
Now hold on
Well, you did just kind of use Moo-rio again
Yeah, but mine was like you didn't see
Travis, okay, I don't want to be like, whatever Travis, but you can't have the punchline part in the setup
Okay, where does a cow go to learn about art and history?
The museum
Exactly
That sucks
Do it different
I just want to remind the two of you on this call that we can't just deliver purposefully shitty jokes for 15 minutes and then say, put it in the can, that one's done
Hey guys, what if we did opposite of jokes today for this show? This is a special episode where we do opposite of jokes
What's a cow's favorite cereal?
Moose-lee?
No, it's fucking grass, it's a cow, you idiot
See, that's got some ADC energy that I really like
Yeah, I was trying to do like edgy, I was doing edgy comedy
Yes
We don't do that enough here
Yes
Yeah
2022 Fancy Takes Flight, 20 Rendezvous, we're having a rendezvous with like some edgy, challenging, push the envelope, doesn't have to be funny kind of comedy
Yeah, edgy, where if it's not funny to you it's because there's something wrong with you, not me
I made a solid joke
What about what happens when a cow doesn't shave for too long?
What?
Their bush goes fucking crazy
Oh, I like that
That's a good joke, that joke is funny
Yeah, that's a great joke because now you're imagining like, where does the bush go?
This is true
Like where is the bush at?
Because I think it's all boob down there, I'm not sure
It's mostly boob down there, so where's the bush?
Oh, that's funny, you'd be like, where's the beef? But it's like, where's the bush?
I have one
And that's like a joke on top of the first, that's a joke topping
I got a joke here and it really makes a statement
Yeah, sure
Does it kick ass?
Yeah
What happens when a cow doesn't shave?
What?
Society applies their concept of what beauty is to that cow and judges it for growing a moustache
That ain't it, chief
Well so, but then it has something to say, but I also still got moustache in there
Yeah, sure
Okay
This has been an hour, right?
I don't know, man
Write better jokes
What happened when the cow didn't shave?
What?
Who fucking gives a shit?
Oh, I like that
It's a cow, don't you have better things to worry about?
Cows don't fucking shave
Cows don't even shave, dumbass
It's a good one, man
Oh, edgy, see, you got it in there
Yeah
Um, we gotta do something else
We have to do anything else right now
Okay, I got you, don't worry about it
Is it a fucking shitty cow joke that we can be ironic on?
Um, no
Okay
But is that a problem?
Wait, but is it a problem if it's not?
Does it need to be that, or?
One, two, three, four, five
Moobaga
Come on, let's ride to the builder's yard around the corner
The gang's all here and it's time for us to do what we wanna
There's a house with a roof that leaks
It's an urgent job and it could take us weeks
There's Dizzy, Lofty, and Rowdy too
Wendy always knows just what to do
There's no job too big or small
With scoop and muck, we can do it all
Metal, brick, or wood, it's all good
And we can always send in the tractor
A little bit of timber and a saw
A little bit of fixing, that's for sure
A little bit of digging up the road
A little bit of moving
What are we listening to?
You have to stop
I did
No, but here's the problem, Justin
When you play things through your computer
If we talk at Echoes, so you
I know, I love that
You are holding us hostage
That is like a power play
Yeah
So you just gotta hear Bob the Builder's take on
Lou Vegas Mambo No. 5
Can I, I had, this is a great idea
And I'm assuming the show's over by now
Was that just like a palette cleanser you were playing to get us
That was like, I found, I found Mambo the Trumpet
And it was just like six minutes of trumpet
Like, that's not a joke
And then related to that was Bob the Builder's take on Mambo No. 5
I thought, maybe this is something
So then I played that
But you just played it
Yeah, I don't have anything to say about it
Its existence is funnier than jokes
Okay
I was just thinking about how it would be cool to make a song called
Mambo No. 2340
And the year is, the year is 32,000
Like Warhammer, kinda
Yeah, sure
And it's like, it's all, it's so far in the future
And we've continued to have new Mambos
And it's like, this is the 2037th Mambo
Yeah
That we're writing in the year 32,000
That would be awesome
And it's like filled with jokes about how
The year 32,000 nutrient slurry that everybody eats doesn't taste very good
Oh, yeah, yeah
And it's like listing the names
And it's like, a little bit of Beep Bop in my life
Yeah
A little bit of Foo Fob in my
And it's just like, even then people are listening to it going
Those aren't names
It's like, yeah, I know
But I used all, I've used all of them
There's no more names
And then somebody's like, hey guys, I found this weird old holovid on YouTube
And I just have some questions for you
One, what is a buffalo?
Two, what is a wing?
Three, what is a guy?
Also, where can I get this fucking meal?
Cause it's working
Can we get a pill?
Get the replicator to make a pill of the guy with the buffalo
Also guys, what happens when a cow doesn't shave?
What?
It grows a moustache
Stop the fucking show, Justin
Say the shit that you say at the end of every episode
Thanks for listening to our show
We'll feel better next week
And maybe we'll do better
No, we did fine
I don't like people thinking they waste it
Cause most people are listening to 1.25 anyway
They're just blowing through to see what, like how we're going to be realigning the culture
You know what I mean?
It's less about the humor and more about just like keeping their finger on the pulse
Well, but if they listen that fast, they're going to miss all the little like Easter eggs
And like winks at like stuff we have planned for the future and where the story's going
You actually would miss the sheer amount of time we just let hang in the air
After the first reading of that moustache joke
That is true
Go back and listen to that at like 0.75
I was spiraling a little bit
Thanks so much
Thanks to you for listening
Griffin, do your bit
Thanks to Montane for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you
Thanks Montane
I'm a show stopper and a show stopper
Literally
Make sure you go check out McRoyMerch.com
We got the pin of the month
Everybody has a knife
Which benefits the center for reproductive rights
We have guppies want me
Blink shards fear me sticker over there
I have been doing some streaming on Twitch
Playing, get this guys, a little game called Fortnite
And it rules
You can check that out at twitch.tv slash the Travis McRoy
Also Griffin has been doing a regular stream on Wednesdays
On the McRoy Family YouTube
In which I believe I'm describing this correctly
He plays video games as Guy Fieri
Nope, that's not it
Not even close
I'm pretty sure that's it
It's cool that you are supporting my art though
I really like it Griffin
Thank you
The kids like it too
Oh that's awesome
Yeah man, so cool
That's going to do it for us this week
Griffin, do you have a final yahoo to go out on?
Yeah, thank you everyone
I have a final yahoo that was sent in by Chimneyman
Chimneyman?
I'm so afraid of the Chimneyman
Please don't bring him into this
It's not that Chimneyman
We've said it twice so we have to stop there
So, thank you sir
So it's written by yahoo answers user
Crispifer
Crispifer?
Crispifer asks
Interesting
Crispifer asks
Crispifer asks
Crispifer you say
He asks
Crispifer asks
I'm just waiting whenever you're ready
We can wait all day
We're here for you
You know what I mean?
Yeah
Alright
You have our full support Griffin
Do you remember some of the stuff you said already?
Because I could try to catch you back up
Like some stuff I said in this segment before?
You said yahoo at
Well, I guess I could do that
Okay, so I said Crispifer
And I said it was sent in by Chimneyman
Oh, not again
Oh no!
That's three!
Oh no!
Shuffle, shuffle, shuffle
Rah!
Shit guys, I don't have time to do that final yahoo
My name's Justin McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy
Shit!
This is my brother, my brother
I can't move my fist part
It's pretty small though
Can't even ask where the lips
My bones, my bones, my bones
It's better with you
My life, oh
It's better, it's better with you
My life, oh
It's better, it's better with you
Cause it's true, oh
It's better, it's better with you
My life, oh
It's better with you
