The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother and me and advice show for the Roger Aero brothers
I'm your middle-est brother big dog. Woof woof Travis bark bark mackerel
This is Griffin Mac. The problem traffic with your dog thing. Is that sometimes I feel like Justin has set a
delicious little plate of food a delicious morsel ahead of us and then you
Have to you you are beholden to the dog gag. Okay. I'm your middle-est brother
Travis
Now it's fucking done I'm Griffin mackerel, you know, it looks like a
busted sprocket
Can't it's you know, there was a moment in time and it is past. This is my brother
My brother means advice show where we help people would take your questions and turn them out to me like into wisdom
We just wrapped up a maximum fun drive if you supported us. Thank you so much for your support
It means the world
What I love about the first post max fun drive episode is I feel like if any episodes are gonna turn you off like this
Is it for me? It's those so now we're just talking to the fucking diehard. Oh, yeah
We've shaken away the wheat and it's all chaff all the way down
Chapas, we're the wheat and that audience is the chat. Oh
Oh junk. There's no way not this time. Remember who's hosting this show. That's me
With my co-hosts Griffin and Travis cool energy bad boys of radio. Yeah, it's awesome
we did a lot of hard work those last two weeks trying to and you sort of
Lean upon the kindness of our listenership to support us
Fiducially speaking and then in the last three minutes, you've really opened it up and let a huge dude
There me fall right and Peterson ripping off the mass to find out that I was a real
creepazoid
Time nothing but disdain inside these rickety rickety bones. Hey guys. Sorry. I'm late to the recording
What did I miss so far? Like what energy are we bringing to the podcast this week?
Yeah, well
Tell me
Are we doing like enthusiasm and gratitude and that was last time now we heard on I'm on a juice cleanse of enthusiasm
I don't think I don't think juice cleanses are supposed to like
Make the decency come spraying out of your body. Yeah, I don't my friend. I'll think you've ever done a juice
It ain't a mood lifter. Yes, my friend. Yes
No that a juice cleanse isn't like to get all the juice out of your body, right?
I just couldn't visit like I gotta cleanse all this juice out of here. Yeah
That's what I call it every morning when I squeeze my oranges. Hey, let's talk about squeeze it or just for juice
Just talking about this the other day we I've had we had some
Some oranges from a recipe. I didn't end up making a sick mate stuff
Yeah, and I was like, I think I'm gonna treat my wife for Mother's Day
Yeah to a nice what's the thing with the champagne and the memosa a mimosa, right?
I'm like, oh my dear nothing, but the best for you fresh squeezed orange juice
Flash-forward, I got 60s motherfuckers littered in the counter. I'm up to maybe a half cup. Yeah
Where are we getting all this?
From people the return on investment the ROI of fresh squeezed orange juice is oh very low. It's ridiculous
I mean when you're using some kind of utensil Jamie, I was gonna be my question. Yeah, I mean I'm using a juicer
No, no, no listen guys
There's a reason God made our armpits perfectly orange shaped and it's because he wanted us to use that to perfectly
Just you plop of any any size orange really any size orange?
It's perfectly a little baby clementine one of those little halo guys
or it's just a big you could grapefruit it even depending on your
Just the size of a boy. Here's the problem Griffin. I've tried that
Yeah, but when I do it and maybe there's something wrong with me
But when I do it my whole body concaves around the orange. I lifted my arm. The orange is still
Yeah, your armpit ate it like a pac-man did. Yeah, is that weird? It's not great
But I guess any way you can get vitamins in your system is good
According to what I'm doing here. I just throw the whole orange into a food processor
Okay
Grind it all up all of it. Yeah, the whole rind at all a rind at all
And then I just eat that with one raw egg
Hold one whole egg like a viper
Why can't you just cook the egg?
Huh? I guess time I guess Rocky's really lazy or really busy. I suppose
The peel is like the bones of the orange. Wow
damn
No, no, no, no the peel is the bones of the orange I'm gonna hit you with this
I'm it you're thinking it's the skin, right? Yeah
There's a lot of things in orange that could pass for skin and I don't feel like anything else even comes close to bone
But it's the outside the seeds are the bones, you know, it's exoskeletons, you know
It's seeds are the eyes that we have a whole fucking word for it. So rare. Yeah is the phenomena that it is
Identified as an exoskeleton, but it is common enough though. We do have nomenclature and it is exoskeleton
I have peeled up an orange from my lab to eat
And he I put it on his plate and he picked it up and he said what's this stuff in that tone of voice?
What's this stuff and he pointed at it and he pointed the sort of white?
webbing
The veins of it and he said what is this? This looks gross and I was like, oh, well, that's just the
that's just the
That's just the I didn't know what to tell him inside skin the inside the it's not he was like
Can I eat this and I was like, I don't know like I've been doing it my whole life
And I don't know if you're supposed to do it or if I've been doing a bad job with it
That stuff is kind of like the central nervous system of the orange if we're still breaking it down in comparison to the human body
Yeah, the little the little strands that happen like as you break apart the the little segments, which are like the muscles
Oh, yeah, it's like the central nervous system. That's how that's how the orange feels
My I had a I had a I had a glass of grapefruit juice. Yeah, tell me more about fruit
Let's keep talking about fruit juice. I had a glass of grapefruit juice. I got a bottle of this stuff
Not ruby red. I'm talking about like original
GJ. Oh
She'll call it the bitter bad stuff that I was drinking for my health. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, my wife
Who's a physician what I'm drinking? Yeah, I'm drinking this juice and she's like be careful cuz
Grapefruit juice can mess with your antidepressants and I was thinking it about it. It's like
damn
grapefruit
It's not bad enough that you taste like you do I already feel not great
Then you're gonna get into my brain and fuck with my pills. Really you have to taste a bit better
Than you do. Yeah, you're gonna fuck with my brain shit. Yeah
Grapefruit someone that can also mess with birth control, right?
whatever
And nature is sending us all the signals that this is not for you
Don't do it. I think it's like sour patch kids
Destroyed the antidepressants and my bloodstream
I would have to there would be a reckoning there that I would have it would take you some real soul-searching with grapefruit easy pass
No, thank you, I don't need this anymore. This is a good blend. I think if fried chicken canceled out my antidepressants
I think there would just be a day that I just call like Travis's sad day
Yeah, I get to eat a bunch of fried chicken. No, this is a thing, right?
At least that you'd be like, huh? It was pretty cool earlier when I was
This depressive episode right on the floor staring at the ceiling
What are what all means all I can think is like the back of my throat tastes like barf
From the terrible juice that I have and nothing is good. It's all bad all the way down
They don't give you much to hang your hat on with the great
Oh except for the girth of it the size of it. You could hang a hat on it
It's rare that there is a vegetable or fruit either one
Well, yeah free where nature said yeah, you can eat this but minus it just setting it on fire first
Perhaps if you set it on fire first, it would taste better. That's reserved for like meat
Yeah, that's reserved for like whole thing. Grapefruit is better when you set it on fire
Yeah, you toast a grapefruit take a little blowtorch to it. You put a little salt on there
We never listen to nature though. You look at a you look at that. So would you say that again? That sounded so
Nature the first time we saw a coconut. What's up?
This thing is hard as fuck and it's covered in hair and we're like, I think I'm gonna have me some
I'm gonna get in there. Somebody grab one of those hard nuts those hard hairy nuts off the ground
They're like, I'll drink this and the person with them was like, you'll
Yeah, I don't know whatever is in it
I'm gonna do it and then I'm gonna pretend like it's good for me and selling little cardboard bottles
Yeah, I've tried to drink every nut on this fucking island and it hasn't landed yet
I am gonna drink this with guys this huge everyone is gonna be the one I drink first was having a wild day
They walked up to like a banana and they're like, I'll sing to this and did it and nothing
That wasn't it. I'll drink this nut. I'm argue with this potato
Not that either no, so this is an advice show. Yeah and vice stay away from fruit. Yep. Yeah, so
So thank but but thank you for joining us. Thank you for your support in the maximum fun drive
I'm sure it went swimmingly. We really do appreciate you
I feel bad anytime we even goof about not being grateful. We're so deeply grateful
we've done this so many times and y'all have been so supportive of us and
Just just but thank you. Thank you all and here's to another year of us
Just doing that good stuff that you crave like 12 minutes about how gross grapefruits are. It's not about
It's not that
Okay, they're also vindictive. I think that's what Justin say. Yeah, the grapefruit is both gross and punishing us for eating it
Yeah, I just feel like and don't hey guys. I listen. I'm gonna cut you off right here. Delete the tweet taste this objective
I'm so glad you like grapefruit. That's wonderful. I'm happy to hear good for you
Please don't tweeted me about how grapefruit is good. I don't need you can tweet at Griffin. He doesn't check Twitter
Yeah, tell me all your fruit thoughts
Tell me all your thoughts on fruit a co-worker of mine recently expressed interest in trying sourdough recipes
So I said I would bring her some of my extra starter to use I put some starter in a really cute
Jarter and let her know that I put it in the break room fridge for her
She seemed really excited and she said she would take it home with her that day
But here's the thing. It's been a week and the jar of starter is still in the fridge
And here's the other thing
It's a really really cute jar the kind that is the perfect travel size for salad dressings and other condiments
I know the one this jar back do I awkwardly nudge my co-worker to use my starter?
So I so lovingly prepared or at what point can I take my sourdough and more importantly my jar back home?
That's from sour in Southern, California
We made a sourdough starter in some home at class in like high school
I think maybe and they made us do that shit in a ziploc bag
Like we were making it like we were making prison sourdough. That's not this is an adorable jar
And the fact that it is not being utilized like this is a fucking crime
I'm angry sourdough. That's a living thing right there. Yes
And you brought a sourdough starters tribe. What's that for? Why?
What's the deal with the sourdough starter is what cultivates wild yeast so you can use that in your bread in place of like dried
yeast mm-hmm and because it is cultivated in such a way that it then will give the bread the flavor the sour flavor that we
associate with sourdough
And so each starter is different
Because you know it grows and changes over time as the yeast
Consumes the food and you keep feeding it and you take care of it like a pet
Right and this would be like if someone asked me to cut my dog in half so they could share some of my dog
You know I did that and I brought half a dog into work
And then they just left that half a dog there and didn't take it home to feed it and you put your dog half in
A really cute, you know box such a cute you
Is it this person always plan to get the jar back
100% or if this is a recent slight that has prompted the thought of like maybe they don't deserve the jar. Oh, this is good
yeah, I you know a good fixture this is just come come Friday five o'clock everybody's punching out and
The jar is still there. I think you go grab that jar you unscrew the lid pop it off
Go up to your co-worker take out their extended hands and just dump
The gooey mess right into their open palms, and then you take the jar and say that you now we both got what we need
What if what if 2021 maybe part of big dog run hmm?
Oh, what's that?
Big dog run. Yeah, that's our year. That's our year Griffin
perhaps the
Part of big dog run right is when you have this impulse like I did this thing and they didn't do it
Like like you're having now right? I brought it in. It's that there for a week. They didn't take it. Just take it home, right?
Yeah, they're not gonna ask about it. Hey, where was that sourdough starter that you put in the cute jar now?
Let's sit there and die die on the vine for one whole entire week
It's taking up space in your mind
It's got like it's taking up a whole corner of your brain right now that it does not need to be taking up
Declutter your brain. Just do the damn thing and take your fucking cute jar back my friend
Yes, you have my full permission to do that. You have done nothing wrong
Except to care too much you care way too much
Is it possible that they don't know what a sourdough starter is?
And so you say and you say I left you sourdough starter in the fridge and they said awesome and they raced to the fridge
And they threw it open and they saw a few things in there. They saw well that yellow curvy friend is a banana
I know him. Yeah, that is a sandwich which is bread adjacent
But that seems like us bread finisher and not a starter
we have what I'm I believe maybe a cup of miso soup and there is a
Half drinkin diet coca-cola. There's a jar with some sort of blob in it. That doesn't look particularly appetizing
So that can't possibly be it and a bay and a cold baby Ruth who freezes their baby Ruth
They see all this stuff. They don't know
They don't want to walk out with that with the the half can of diet coke and be like
Is this sourdough starter and seem like a real dipshit and be the office dipshit all of a sudden
You can't leave me hanging Griffin who did freeze their baby Ruth. Oh, it was Mike
it's nice my
Classic Mike ever since he got promoted a night manager. He thinks he can freeze whatever he wants
Yeah, the weirdest part. It's half a baby Ruth
So it's like did he freeze it at some point and then well, you know, they put it back in the freezer. Sorry
No, he boils hot the other half and he squishes them together back to make one normal baby Ruth
No, and that's how he feels. Yeah
Do you guys want a a?
Do you guys want a?
Quora. Oh
Sorry, what do you guys want a yahoo, but it's not from yahoo. It's from the website Quora
I thought for a second you're about to ask if we wanted a Quibi. Do you guys?
I would actually I believe you would go down so fucking smooth right now, but no I'm gonna ask about do you want to?
I'm I I'm out here on the edge
I'm just a man on the edge out in the rain asking his two brothers if they wanted a core you have been okay
I know I take two people inside, you know what I'm gonna say. You've been in fucking skunk works are
Scenes for weeks. Yeah, you've had months to prepare
Yeah, and you'd be like I'm still looking for the next big thing and what you come to us with is off-brand
Yeah, and you didn't even rebrand your question like do you want a Quora?
Does it if that's not right, you know, that doesn't sound right
Do you want a dr. Pop?
Here's the thing about Quora, okay, let me tell you cuz this this this is in many ways better than the avatar. Yeah this
this has
Opened my eyes this one particular Quora that was
Sent in to us. Hold on. I will get this this information who sent this in to us
I'm just gonna type in our gmail bar Quora urinal and that's from Nikki sent this in
Thank You Nikki for this flagship
Quora thing about Quora
I didn't realize is that they called the Yahoo Answers website Yahoo Answers
But very rarely were answers provided on Yahoo Answers. The question was the star of the show, right?
Here is a Quora I guess is what they I don't know if they call them Quora's or not
This is the question that was posted on Quora when you spit in the urinal and there's a string of saliva
Do the bacteria have time to go inside your mouth?
So you read that and if that was Yahoo Answers the very next one would be first of all a wild 12 paragraph
Screed about how electricity has the devil in it and that the only way to save yourself is to pray to some saint or whatever
Right, then the next one would be like shut up idiot. That's not how Quora does it how Quora does it is that they have
Anoop Sinha who taught microbiology to medical undergrads for over 10 years
That's what his profile says and he provides an extensive answer and to me
That is the joy of Quora and I'd love to read some of it if I can
Yes, sir
To remind you the question is when you spit in the urinal and there's a string of saliva
Do the bacteria have time to go in your mouth? Anoop Sinha says?
Vibrio is one of the fastest bacteria around if not the fastest if you live if you see live Vibrio under a microscope
They seem to dip around zip around like Barry Allen navigating through Central City and then there's a badass picture of the flash
So already we got micro
Multimedia on this website. We've got all kinds of great stuff and how fast is this bacterium of 75 micrometers per second?
Is it fast or slow? That's pretty fast and the the McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of science and technology cites at 200
Micrometers per second. That's pretty fast. Yeah, and then it's an organism. That's barely two micrometers in length
That's incredible speed. That'd be like if we ran 75 to 200 meters per second or a 447 miles an hour
That's a fast little germ, huh?
Yeah, so Griffin, I had to ask where's the funny part?
Well, how quickly can this organism traverse through a string of saliva bridging your mouth in the urinal?
Well, let's assume the length of the salivary bridge is 50 centimeters
That seems like a reasonable estimate considering the average heart height of the adult male and placement of the average urinal
I'm not being sexist here
I just think it is logical to assume that urinals are mostly used by people who pee standing up and then there's a picture of a
bridge
Okay, 50 centimeters is five hundred thousand micrometers. That's a long bridge and so to go
500,000 micrometers moving at 200 micrometers second that would take 2500 seconds. So if you stood still
With your spit dangling out of your mouth
into the urinal
I like hearing that all of these words so far for 42 uninterrupted minutes
That little nasty germ could maybe make it up there and you're but you would have to maintain the salivary bridge for 42 minutes
And the bacteria would have to move at top speed and I don't know how long Vibrio can keep it up
I the problem I the problem I have with this is like
Even if you did it if I'm a bacteria and I see someone spit in the toilet
I want to be like a you see a young buck who's like I'm going for it and
Every other bacteria is like I've seen so many dudes fucking try. You're never there's no way they're gonna
Maintain that salivary bridge no chance bud. I mean by the time you get to five minutes, which is definitely a world record
I think that is the first moment where the bacteria would be like, you know what? I
Think we were all fucking good for this guys. This may be the one we've always wanted to try this stuff
But it's too late just they'd have to go right away right it would have to be as soon as it tight like boom
Yeah off off to the races. Yeah, the bacteria would have to be sort of poised on the edge of the urinal waiting for your
Pit your your not your piss
Your spit. Hey, if I see you standing over urinal with a dangly dangle a spit hanging out of your mouth
Let's round it up to an hour. Let's round it up. Let's say an episode of television sans commercials
I'm gonna say to something to somebody I'll find a teacher or an adult and I will get them to I don't know put you
In trouble somehow because you shouldn't be that you definitely shouldn't be doing that or or because at that point
I think I might be impressed by the focus because I think you would see this that you'd walk in. Oh, hey, oh and
Then there would be an amount of time that you would definitely be frozen in place watching this happen
Mmm, right what where you think like I need to go tell some what is happening?
I need to write something and I think in that time
The curiosity would overtake you and you keep thinking well, I do want to go get someone
But I also want to see how long they can dangle this big lugia spit into the urinal now
This is getting a little gross. So I just want to say that there are also bad answers on here
Like somebody saying good what bacteria under normal conditions human urine is sterile in a pinch
You can even use it to clean a wound. So they're saying like there's no germs in a toilet in which case
Stop fucking stop it. Of course there is I'm so sick of people saying that you can pee on a jellyfish sting
So you may as well drink toilet water. Stop it. That's not what that means even a little bit at all
somebody did question the
Dr. Anup Sinha's
Answer here and they did say wouldn't the bacteria have a shorter route going up your penis and then Chris Wilson who has nothing to do
With anybody comes in and he's like it would have to overcome the speed of the stream and urine streams are not continuous
If you were to watch it in slow motion, it's broken up into drops
It would be like trying to run up a treadmill going the same speed as a fighter jet
Not nearly as scientific. I could do that
You could do that. First of all, you would have to keep this pee stream going
for 42 minutes
Do that I've been practicing I only pee once every four days. Yeah, it's wicked uncomfortable
Don't get me wrong, but it's how I do it and I've been able to perfect it. It just comes out one set steady
There's no arc to it. Yeah, it's like a lightsaber pretty
wild
Steady for 42 minutes. Yeah, that's a good way
Yeah
It doesn't save a lot of time. I've been keeping track of how much time I say
I haven't figured out how to utilize it at all either. I don't know why I've been doing this. My doctor's really worried
I'm just saying that's what Cora does. That's how Cora that's Cora
And it's a little they have they have what we like to call a joke killer right at the beginning
Where some fucking poindexter hop so up on your biz and is like actually I have a good answer
But what's great is then you get a bunch of exactly like doofenshmirtz Justin. Yeah, that was wild
You know, I had a doofenshmirtz
I love those that then you get a bunch of hop-ons from people who get on the answer and they're like, hmm
That's a really smart. Here's what I think
Wouldn't you suck some of this biddle back up into your mouth and it's like stop it
The good doctor heard already answered this one. You don't have to try and put some extra doctor juice on it
Yeah, that boy Griffin Cora sounds a lot like Twitter
How about a question yes
My girlfriend recently tagged along while I went grocery shopping
When we passed by the cheese aisle, she stopped surprised and said hold on a sec
You're not gonna buy yourself any cheese. I
Didn't really think of anything of it until my sister came to visit the next day and open my fridge to get a drink
She laughed herself and said oh, I see you have a few cheese blocks in here. I know how much you love your cheese
The thing is I do love cheese
But I don't think I like it any more than the average person and I have no idea what I did to earn this reputation
Brothers, how do I shake this and assert myself as an average?
Cheese loving Joe that's from Elizabeth in Maryland Elizabeth. Let's first take one stop. Let's step back a little Elizabeth
I want to talk about your sister. I think your sister opened the fridge and set out loud and I hope to God you are quoting
Them like exactly or else it's liable. Oh
I see you have a few cheese blocks in here. I know how much you love your cheese
That's a real observation Elizabeth sister. It's a lot
I would imagine that that was not quite the delivery
I would think it would make a price out of a bit more human, but I for sure but like I think it would go like this
Oh
Little something like this. Oh
I see you have a few cheese blocks in here. I know how much you love your cheese
Yeah, that didn't sound more natural Shraff. I don't know
From what Justin did but it was nearly identical to my ears. Here's the thing
I'm starting to suspect just hearing Justin say it out loud and then me say it out loud in a better way that perhaps
Your girlfriend and your sister have have been in contact with one another like hey
Do we want to do a thing with cheese?
Because I also don't know how I feel about your girlfriend saying hold on a sec
You're not gonna buy yourself any cheese like like it's a special occasion that one might do on their birthday. You're not gonna have cake
The only the only reason that somebody should be allowed to say that to you at a grocery store
with a like shock in their voice should be if your name is dr. Cheese and
You sell cheese on the internet that you buy at the grocery store, and it's a weird business
It doesn't make any sense, but
You're not getting cheap. I feel like if you have blocks of cheese in your fridge you like cheese more than the average bear
Okay, that's all right. What do you base it?
What are you basing that on that a normal a normal person doesn't have just blocks of blocks of cheese?
I do
Yeah, I do you have blocks of what do you do with them? I?
Slice them off. I fucking eat them. Yeah different cheese for different moods. You know just
No, no, no this issue Justin. You don't like raw cheese my wife can get nasty all she wants. I don't hold her back
Okay, she's a strong beautiful bisexual woman. I let her live her own life, and if that includes eating cheese
Okay, then fucking God bless unmelted Justin doesn't hard you have to leave the room or yeah, I excuse myself
Excuse myself to our rear home where there is the dairy which is a cheese-free yeah your panic room
If yeah, that's another way of that's all sort of less extravagant way of putting it, but yes my cheese-free panic room
Sometimes she you know what on my birthday. She goes to the panic room to eat the cheese. Wow that's not I appreciate that
She lets me have free reign
Yeah, you see her reach in the fridge and pull out a big block of gouda
And you're like any chance you're about to melt those on some nachos nope. I'm out of here
No, thank you. Bye
I
Let's uh let's take a quick break wait yeah
Have we answered this to its fullest extent of the law I don't think there's an answer for I think we just say sorry that
you were put in that position just sorry you know it's nice to have a
Fucking you know there are worse things you could be
Worse stuff and if you will know you love cheese it makes Christmas a lot easier
Yeah, nothing like getting some boxes of room-temperature cheddar
And I'm really sorry by the way if your friends and family are all huge my bim-bam heads, and they're gonna start calling you dr.
cheese
Yeah, that one's just too catchy
Our first sponsor this week yeah, that's right sponsors are back, baby in a big way in a big way
And the first one is bombas, which I this is so wild I'm wearing bombas right now get out
Yep, yeah, I'm working out when I'm working out
I slip on my bombas
Sometimes I have a different pair just for working out. There's a bad the bad pair
I don't like to wear those in public because I do some profane things in them vis-a-vis sweat
But they always are so comfortable. They're stitched with this
Moisture wicking yarn and they got vents that let the cool air in and prevent
Overheating and there's a little pillow like tab to save you from blisters. They have stay up technology
This is what it says here stay up. I know what they mean though
It's like a nice perfect snug fit without being like restricted. Yeah, dude your foot can just kind of like live in these socks
It's fantastic. There's like a bit of cushiony comfort on the bottom
Oh, I wear them whenever I'm doing all my charity walk-a-thons that idea at least for a day. Yeah jump rope for heart
Yeah, you know traps is in his bomb
Yeah, my bomb is because otherwise my feet they'll get all blistery and uncomfortable and all those things
But I'll wear my bomb us and it lets me do more
charitable power walking sometimes it's a
Triathlon and I'll do the power walking into a crab crawl and finish up with some skipping
Don't give me Rhonda. I'll wear these guys in business. Absolutely. Oh, yeah. I mean they go day to evening for sure
Yeah, I haven't experienced that for a very long time, but I do know that evening can become day
Yeah, and I the socks are perfect for that to go to bombas calm slash my brother today and you'll get
20% off your first order that's bombas b o m b a s calm
Slash my brother for 20% off bombas calm slash my brother
You know
here we are post max fun drive and
I've been thinking about what to do with the sport and I'm thinking I'm gonna hire myself a bodyguard
Okay, you know my movies the same really cool and they seem like, you know, it's nice to have the protection
But also you could become friends with them like in first kid, but the question is that's the dream. That's the dream
How would I even go about hiring someone for something like that?
Yeah, I did the last ad I think you go to bodyguard the bodyguard store
Well, you know I could try zip recruiter, oh
Okay. Yeah, because zip recruiter knows the general experience of looking for a job is pretty sucky
That's why they figured out how to make it unsucky
Okay, so if you're a bodyguard and you're looking for a job good news. I'm looking for a bodyguard
Yeah, so when you sign up on zip recruiter calm
You can create a free profile and get matched to great jobs
Plus zip recruiter will proactively pitch your profile to employees and employers whose jobs match your experience
Unlike with other job sites if an actual person from the company really likes what they see. Yeah, they can personally
Invite you to apply for their job. And if you like the job you could apply for it with just one click
It's just that easy. So sign up for free on zip recruiter.com today and put zip recruiter to work for you
One time I got on Craigslist and I found a drill bit Taylor on there
But it ended up being a novelty erotic dancer who just based on drill bit Taylor. Oh
Sexy how are they? Yeah
You
We have wasted this world
Our magic put a storm in the sky that has rendered the surface of our planet
uninhabitable
But beneath the surface. Well, that's another story entirely
In a city built leagues below the apocalypse
survivors of the storm forged paths through a strange new world
Some seek salvation for their homeland above others seek to chart the vast undersea expanse outside the city's walls
And others still seek what else?
fortune and glory
Dive into the ether see the latest campaign from the adventure zone every other Thursday on maximum fun org or wherever you listen
to podcasts
You bomb okay, it's almost getting I feel like it's getting too predictable at this point
I do you mean in that you've done it every episode for the last 50 some I need to sunset this but you can't say
You actually know we say we cut me promises
I want a month
I want too much
You could start doing it at different times in the podcast instead of right after I need this though because it helps me cut
You know what? I mean? This is like I can't puts me on its back and it helps me carry me through
What do you want from me pilot? I just this isn't funny
I don't want to let you know how desperate think things have gotten in this in the chicken sandwich whores
I just want to update everybody the pilot
Flying J is getting into the fucking the gas station chain the gas
Station chain for truckers flying J is getting into entering the chicken sandwich game
Gearing up for increased summer travel by introducing several new innovative food options
They're gonna surprise and delight our guests says a person that works at Flying J our awesome menu
Including our newest southern and spicy chicken sandwiches make pilot Flying J the ultimate stop to fill up a great food
Here's the reason you go to eat at a Flying J because you get off at an exit and the Wendy's says
0.5 miles and you're like, ah, fuck it
That's too far. I'll probably get lost. I'm going to fly J. You're not lured in by menu item
But that's not what we're here to talk about
Pepsi has created peps place
Wait fast better say that one. No, say it again. Say it again slower
Pepsi yes creates peps place
Pepsi creates peps place just you stop stop
I need you to keep saying those three words over and over to me again until I fall asleep
Can you say them gently like ASMR them and then I'll get a quick little bit of sleep
Pepsi creates Pepsi creates peps place
peps peps place Pepsi creates peps place EP apostrophe s place
PEP apostrophe EPS
I just think it's fun. We talked about it on sawbones once the original name of Pepsi is
is Brad's but I bet they're kicking themselves now because Brad's place is a better name. Yeah
1890 yeah, if it was called Brad's drink still guys, so funny Brad's to me. I'm renaming it to Pepsi
Me I made it. My name's Brad. It's my drink. Okay, so pep
pep pep pep Pepsi creates peps place a fast beverage restaurant. I think you said bad
Fridge which is also strong. This one is like among the more Orwellian
Few things are more agreed upon than our collective unapologetic love of food cheesy juicy
Here's different ways food could be taken from us Pepsi
Trust us. We know about foods. So it's um
So many of our favorite eats are enhanced with pair with an ice-cold Pepsi Cola
To reinforce this the Pepsi brand is upending what we expect the food delivery world with today's launch of
peps place
where the cola
Comes first. Oh
This inventive fast beverage restaurant turns the traditional ordering process on its head
Okay, consumers are invited to first
Pick their Pepsi beverage of choice. Do they have coke products? I
Assume they don't
They talk at which them prompts curated food items based on that
Best hit the fuck out to enhance the overall meal experience peps place
Opens today and select locations around the country for delivery only through peps place
restaurant.com and major food aggregators like
Well, none of them paid to be mentioned on this episode
So I won't so what you're saying is the process is I would get on pets place calm and pick Pepsi
I guess Pepsi and it would be like based on the fact that you ordered a Pepsi. Here's some food
Hey, there's no reason for you to get ahead of me, but I'll walk you through the entire
Here let me hit you with my shrink graham put you in my pocket. We're going to peps place
You're looking for a bold Cola profile and lemony citrus notes of Pepsi zero sugar
Well that pairs gracefully with our crisp and tangy season chicken Caesar salad
Craving a tropical splash of Pepsi mango the fruity and floral notes complement the perfect blend of mild chilies
Found in our buffalo wing sauce. Here's how you order first step one
You select from a bevy of Pepsi beverages and then it lists
I shit you not nine of them Pepsi diet Pepsi Pepsi zero sugar Pepsi real sugar Pepsi wild cherry
Pepsi zero sugar
Wild cherry Pepsi mango and Pepsi mango flavor sugar plate flavor diet Pepsi Pepsi
Pepsi mango
cherry mango
Soda Pepsi so quiet. There's there's quiet
That's a light Depsie sweet sweet cold Pepsi and Patrick Dempsey there's Dempsey's and peepsies and puppies and
chocolate chocolate
cherry mango mango sugar zero
Choose from and then you'll choose from a menu
Curated from with mouth-watering food pairings from your cola choice, and then it lists food cheeseburgers buffalo wings Cajun chicken sandwiches
You get the idea chicken sandwich wars raging on even at pep pep pep pep pep pep peps place
Then you fill out the meal with delectable sides including mac and cheese broccoli and Lay's chips
Oh, all right peps place will be opened every day for the next 30 days
When's your restaurant open every day for the next 30 days
This is can I I rarely do this because I want I always want it to be a special surprise
but I did load up the menu and I I do I
am confused about
If I do you have access to peps place and also no
There's one in El Paso, which I'm pretty sure the Pepsi would have gone quite flat by the time
It reached my house from El Paso
But like you can get
Any it doesn't suggest a food. I they have six items and then they have
Nine Pepsi's and no matter which Pepsi you choose you can get one of the six
I want it to be restrictive like I want it to be like I would like the Pepsi mango zero sugar
With the Louisiana style chicken sandwich and have the website be like no because those two don't go together
You can't have that. I mean, I know it seems like a small complaint
But like it is the entire point of the entire fucking thing. It's like if that doesn't right
Now this press release didn't tell me about this but I
Started thinking about it and like there is no way that Pepsi is springing up
Like restaurants, right? No, because they're Pepsi
Right. So I because you've it you've seen this
Phenomenon and unlike all the the different food delivery apps
I don't know if you guys have seen these all of a sudden a restaurant opens up and you're like
Well, I've never heard of this place and it's like well, that's because it's just yeah. Oh, yeah
It's just chillies like a ghost restaurant
Yeah, ghost restaurant. All right, we've discussed this this subject. So I was like this cat this can't be
just like me dot
So we just heard of a chain called famous Dave's. Yeah. Yeah
Okay, so say famous Dave's or did you say peps place?
My internet broke up. It's the distinction is basically is is what I'm saying is it is a
Um, there is no distinction peps
Circle peps place is a different way to order from famous days, which would have been a better
headline
Famous days has a way bigger menu the best place. This is well
Yeah, but house place is a smaller restaurant that is in the corner
Dave's is what we're
Supposed to imagine they don't mention by the way in the press release. They do not say this is the food for famous. Yeah
That's how that's how famous Dave is. They won't even give him a shout out
No, no, no, it's from peps place a real restaurant
Hey, tell me what you think of this idea boys business idea because you guys love this shit
You watch Shark Tank and all that shit
I'll go buy an aquarium and I'm gonna fill it with country time lemonade powder
And I might put a hose in there and make that good yellow drink and I'm gonna throw that in the trunk of my car
Which I will then crash into the foyer of a Burger King and then open the trunk and hang a sign out
This is Griffin's place and then you can come there and get this lemonade forward experience at Griffin's place
Catered by Bert the Burger King that I crashed my car into. Okay. Here's my question. I'm looking at two different menus
Pest place is offering a brownie dessert
If I don't have that it is very clearly a brownie dessert. They are under the desserts
There's one option and it looks like a brownie with some whipped cream on top of it
if I order from that pest place and I call them and I say I would like the apple cut the apple crisp and
They're like that's not on the menu call famous days and say hi. I'm recalling for peps place
They will think you are an absolute maniac. There is no way they will know about this
I'm just saying if peps place is at famous days and famous days has peach cobbler and apple crisp and
Dave's award-winning bread pudding. I'm looking at the menu now in El Paso
I should be able to get those things from peps place
Why is peps place limiting the things I can order when I know they have access if you eat peach cobbler with peps?
You'll fuck you'll die. You'll fucking die, dude
I wish on the past days menu like we know this isn't the only food on earth
But it is the only food you can eat safely with Pepsi. We're going to restrict
You're not ready for the entire famous days menu. You can't handle it
A lot of talk about diet coca-mentos and makes a big explosion all people talk about peepus does that with most foods?
For years, we've known that Pepsi is the perfect complement to a variety of foods
But even though consumers know that food tastes better with Pepsi, that's how I talk when I'm saying all caps better with Pepsi
They often still forget to order a beverage with their favorite meals says Todd Kaplan
Vice president of marketing of Pepsi inventing an absolute fucking fabrication. That doesn't happen
for the convenience of his absolute
Unhinged ghost restaurant with the launch of peps place. We've designed a new fast beverage restaurant
Delivery concept that features a menu and experience
Literally built around the idea of what foods go best with Pepsi
Allowing consumers at home to fully optimize their meals
We are confident that by doing this everyone will agree and taste firsthand how well Pepsi goes with their favorite foods
Cool. So that's the news
For for this week. Cool. Um, we can blast back to the past with a final yahoo
Yeah, let's take a trip back I need a name for this segment also
I'm so couldn't even be troubled to come up with the name of my graph. Wow. All right. Hey, you know what? Never mind
We do have more show so you do have to say something so this final yahoo is from episode 5 and
Yeah, it's a it's a very old one and the archive org of yahoo has been
Really fucking up today, which is a shame. I think the way back machine is not putting a lot of their juice behind
Keeping the yahoo answer service in its in its heart. Okay. No, but Matt
Matt asked this and asked back in episode 5 so many years ago. Can you take parakeets in the shower with you?
Hey, I'm thinking of getting a parakeet
And I was wondering if it's possible to take them in the shower with you by using some kind of special perch
Thanks. See you don't get those extra details in a final yahoo because I just get
I get in there with the wham-bam. Thank you, ma'am. I get you with a good joke. Here's whoa
We don't know much about birds or bird
Biology, you don't oh, okay
Yeah, go ahead. No, I don't either. Okay. Yeah, I mean there's water birds
I've seen penguins swim and flamingos stand in the water. I don't know if they like to actually get down in it ducks
Are another bird outside right? It rains outside and that's where birds usually do except for parakeets aren't really outside
I
Think the junk wait, I mean they were originally outside. Where are they Justin?
You have no way of doing that
Because here's the thing think about Justin think about this because this is what just happened to me, right?
I thought well parakeets must originally come from the jungle. They're brightly covered colored bird
Right like I can picture a parrot in the jungle
Right, but when I try to picture like a parakeet in the wild my brain won't do it
And also not to keep poking holes in this thing
But I'm trying to imagine a wet parrot and I just can't get there guys. I bet it looks weird
Yeah, I bet it's not a happy camper for sure
I just assume most birds if they get the least bit wet they die instantly because they can't fly anymore because of the extra weight
I think for this new
For this new segment what I love is the idea of actually trying to get some answers here
So I want to take you guys inside with the nest
and
their article how to bathe parakeets now step one is
Spritz your parakeet gently with lukewarm water from a spray. Well, that's how I shower
So these stars have aligned quite perfectly so far. Why isn't step one prepare your parakeet mentally for what's about to happen?
Yeah, yeah, just absolutely not
Just yeet a bunch of water onto your parakeet out of fucking nowhere. What the fuck was that?
Well, I mean step one should be by or hatch a parakeet. Yeah, right
I can't wonder into this article fucking parakeet lists and just lost from the jump
If it if it likes it how to and how she enjoys this
She will hold her wings away from her body and ruffle her feathers. She may also make a
Budgie play face at you by gaping her beak and try to drink the water
Except for very specific sure we can't do that
Now what kind of spray bottle we're talking here? What's the max pressure?
No, you want to actually absolutely just blaze your parakeet you want to blow it
Blow it off its perch. But here's the thing, right if it if it likes it
You can go for you could jump to step three and step three right here is the shower method
Where it says I shit you not bring your parakeet into the bathtub or shower with you
Spray her gently with the handheld shower nozzle and lukewarm or mildly warm water
This option is for parakeets that love water and absolutely adore the spray bottle
It adds extra excitement for your pet and turns bath time into a social event with her favorite person
Does it specify whether or not I can wear my swim trunks?
I don't want the parakeet to see me naked. Even worse though is if it does attack it
And I have to fight it off in a sort of panic response. Then you get you get the question
So you're like, what do I like?
Like I just don't want to have to Justin
I don't want to have to go to the doctor and when the doctor's like what happened to your penis?
I don't want to be like well my parakeet panicked and it attacked right so I'm thinking maybe like I could wear my swim trunks
And I'm gonna protect I want to protect my nipples too if I'm being honest. I was having a non-sexual bath
with my parrot
parrot
His name's my parakeet parrot Pete is his name. Yeah
My parakeets name Paris in there. All right, my parakeet parrot Pete. Yeah, my parrot parrot Keith
And it was on the parapet and I got got a shower going and it went right for it and gosh, don't it?
I should have seen it covered. This is your third visit this week. Yeah, doc
Pretty bad down a lot of birds got even more showers, but how's the parakeet? Oh dead
Yeah, no, he attacked my wiener in the shower and that's a private place. And you understand it's it's all in sick
Yeah, it was all in
Survival is caveman shit doc. I mean back our ancestors was it between friends?
Just
Hey, that's so cool. Hey everybody. Don't we have the coolest veterinarian in town and everybody's like, yeah
No question. Yeah, this guy never narks
How many birds you kill? This guy's a fucking so cool. God, you're cool. Thank you. I'm gonna go smoke some weed
Yeah parakeets the one that talks no, I don't think so fucking fine baby
This guy he either tells me it's okay that I killed my birds or tries to buy him off of me at less than market
rates
I cause that he keeps saying he says so much funny shit like I'm not a vet and things like he dates my mom. Oh
My god, yeah, Justin. Do you guys want to something? Absolutely wild. This is unrelated before we close the show as
We are have been sitting here in the past seven minutes. I
got a notification that Roku is going to be launching original programming fueled by
Quibi Quibi's content. That's right. They're in the and we would demand Quibi and
Quibi's there for us
Good stuff Ron
Ron probably knows
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast. My brother my brother made it's this one and thank you again
We we talked about it, but thank you so much for your support in the drive
It it means the world to us. We got a lot of cool merch for you
If you head on over to McElroy merch calm our pin of the month is the tub pumpkin
which
Proceeds from that pin are going to the equal justice initiative
Which is committed to ending mass incarceration and excessive punishment in the United States to challenging racial and economic
Injustice and protecting basic human rights from those vulnerable people in American society. That's a macro emerge calm
Um, you can pre-order that
Right now we also have a save the new Appalachian workshop sticker. Uh-huh
Stupid hammer Griffin on there. What a delight and some of that proceeds from that
We'll go to habitat for humanity of the tri-state. So you'll help build homes for people here in Huntington, West, Virginia
Hey, thanks to montane for the use for a theme song. My life is better with you
Great track can't wait for that one to drop and so stoked for Eurovision. Can't wait to see there's the new music video
Is out for montane's Eurovision song technicolor now on I don't know YouTube and
Hey, we just started a new season of the adventure zone. If that's something that you're interested in. It's called ether see it's an underwater
Adventure and we're playing a world-building game called the quiet year in a little setup session that's happening right now
It's a lot of fun and I think you'll like a lot
There's probably I think two episodes out by the time you hear this and more comments
So check that totally out too. I don't have a final. Yeah, this is
This has been oh no, I dropped it. Oh, here's one. Oh, I don't know. I just got it to load
I refresh it enough time. You're embarrassing. No, I load it. I refresh it enough times in this one. I sent him by down and
It is asked by Yahoo answers user Jess
Who asks I dropped a spaghetti on my grandpa's?
butt
But and he died. How do I do it?
Is the real one guys I got it to work
Oh
That way I'm Griffin, right this is my brother my brother me kiss your dad screw on the lips
It's better with you
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
The 2021 pin sale has begun. Thank you so much to everyone who participated in the max fun drive
This is the last year for a while that we'll be doing pins for max fun drive and the fifth year that we'll be selling pins
And donating all proceeds to charity the past year proved what we already knew that having access to the internet at home is a necessity
For work school health care and keeping in touch with family and friends
So the proceeds from this year's pin sale will go towards everyone on a nonprofit working to bridge the digital divide
We're grateful that with your support. We'll be able to help low-income folks gain access to affordable computers internet services and digital literacy programs
The sale will run until May 28th folks at the $10 monthly level and above will have access to all of the pins from the drive
That's 38 pins one from every show on the network
We also have a special 2021 max fun drive pin that all members can purchase go to maximum fun org
Slash pin sale for more info and to learn more about everyone on and support them directly. You can go to everyone on org
