The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 Griffin McElroy.
All right. A little self-edit there. Cut it out. Yeah, so it's time for another favorite part of
the favorite show, everyone's beloved segment, Travis McElroy's Touched by the Hollywood Angels.
Yeah. Touched by a Hollywood Angel. Travis, just let her rip. I'm just going to sit back
and let it wash over me. I'm so excited, boys, because I went to the New York Comic Con. I had
a lot of good times, met a lot of cool people. Most of them were my listeners. Did you meet
the Doctor Who? Oh, no, Croggy. I did. I met Matt Smith. Step in my time box, Wibbly Bibbly.
I met the Matt Smith. Time box, Wibbly Bibbly. I can't die, can I? I don't. Just come back
somebody else, Wibbly Bibbly. Hey, do you guys think that random people just show up
at a former companion's house and be like, it's me, the Doctor Who. Hey, get in my car.
My tart has exploded. Get in my Datsun, quick. I'm in the back. I'm the Doctor now.
Billy Piper has been kidnapped 18 times. Yeah. I don't have any British money. Can you take
me out for a nice burger and chips? You know what I love? Fish fingers and custard. And then also
like steak and vegetables and some scotch. And maybe some diamonds. I eat diamonds now.
I eat diamonds from my two hearts. Oh, my time box said it needed $1,400, Wibbly.
Listen, I owe $1,000 on my time box, but I'm going to sell it for a million.
My time box just ran out of gas and I'm trying to get to me sisters.
To pick up more money. So if you give me a thousand quid, then I will be back
with 500,000 quid through time and space. I'm going to go back in time and invest in
Apple, ain't I? But I need 1,000 quid from you. I got the sports betting
almanac and all I need you to do, crikey. Travis, that was not the celebrity angel
you were touched by. No, sorry.
Day one, as I was walking into the building through the, and I'm not going to brag you,
but talent entrance. Thank you.
I walked side by side with one Mr. Mark the Ruffalo Buffalo Ruffalo.
What's the smell? Describe it. Everything.
Okay. What do you think he smells like? Old books? Oh, shit.
And here's the thing. You know how sometimes you see someone and you're like,
I think that's a celebrity. Who is that? Oh, is that the, I have never more quickly,
like, like, yeah, that's Mark Ruffalo. Like there was no-
Yeah, sure. He looks exactly like-
Singular. And he is, in fact, Mark Ruffalo.
Was he, was he a little kind of like all celebs or like-
No. No, he was exactly-
Picture what height you think Mark Ruffalo is. Yes.
Do you think that could be part of the fact that, I love the Ruffalo Buffalo,
you know this about me. He kind of is just doing him a lot of the time.
A lot of the time.
A lot of times he's not necessarily buried in the character.
You're getting some permutation of, it's different sides of the same coin,
but it is that original Ruffalo shaped coin.
I just had the idea of a century. The Mask 2 or 3 starring Mark Ruffalo,
who puts on the mask and becomes a sort of wild sort of physical comedy antics clown man.
I actually think, Griffin, if Mark Ruffalo put on the mask, the mask would be like, you win.
Oh, I see. Now I'm Mark Ruffalo.
Sure.
And here's the amazing thing is, I turned to him and I said,
I'm a huge fan of the Avengers in the Marvel universe. And he said, thank you.
And I said, I loved all the cliffhangers. I can't wait to find out what happens.
And he said, well, what do you want to know?
And I kind of jokingly said, everything. And he told me everything.
He told you all the secrets?
Yeah.
And I don't know how much I'm allowed to tell you guys,
how much you want to know.
I'd love to know a little bit of it though.
Okay. Well, of course, heavy spoilers for this point forward.
These are all real and true, right?
Yes, absolutely.
Not goofs.
No, absolutely 1000%.
A big majority of the next movie takes place in Stanley's coma.
Where Stanley is like a character in it.
Oh, this isn't ripped. This is not ripped from the headlines though, right, bud?
No.
Is he in a coma?
I don't know, bud, but you said it so confidently.
No, no, no. He is a character in it as he's talking with Captain America and the Hulk and stuff.
Just remember that this podcast is a mummy's tomb,
just full of curses for every celebrity we name.
So Mark Ruffalo also should be on it.
There's a lot of stuff in which Thor is looking at Stanley saying,
why did you create his father? And there's a lot of that stuff.
Sure, sure, sure.
Sure. Spider-Man becomes a spider, a tiny spider, and he does save a piglet's life.
Interesting.
That's what Mark Ruffalo told me about.
Yeah, is there anything you guys want to know?
Well, I want to know if you felt sort of guilty immediately after this interaction
that you approached him and said you were a fan of the Marvel universe,
because I bet you Mark Ruffalo is just always waiting for somebody to come up to him
and ask him about the Foxcatcher-averse.
Yeah.
Just sort of the extended Foxcatcher canon.
I mean, I led with the spotlight-averse.
Yeah, I said, are the kids all right? And he said, the kids are all right.
They're fine.
And I said, oh, cool, cool.
And I said, I love how the spotlight of the mind goes on eternally.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he got that. He thought that was very funny.
Was he in that one?
Yeah, and then I said-
He was in that one. He was one of the science guys, right?
He was in that one. He was one of the science guys.
And then I said, so what's up with Spider-Man and Purpleface guy?
Mark Ruff, the science buff.
Mark Ruff, the science buff.
Okay.
Did you ask him how he-
He played- I don't know if you guys remember this.
He played Beakman in Beacon's World.
Interesting.
Yeah, that was Paul's Allume.
Jesus Christ.
Well, it was Tomato Tomato.
Did you ask him how pre-production was going on 14, going on 31?
Yeah.
He said it's going well.
Okay.
He has to go through a lot of prosthetics to look that young again.
Sure, sure.
And by which I mean 14.
14 years old, yeah.
This one is actually 30 going on 13.
Whoa.
Yeah, where he plays the 30, but he didn't want a child actor to play him
because he thought that would be weird.
And he was looking for a chance to be transformative like we talked about earlier.
So he is playing the 13-year-old too.
Sure, and he's like, I'm going to go invest in some Apple stocks.
Yeah, yeah.
Should we do advice now that we're done talking about-
You don't want to know any more about Mark Ruffalo
and what he told me about the Marvel Cinematic Universe
and the direction they're taking it?
It's going to be lies from your own mind.
They're going to do Avengers Babies.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's for sure happening.
Avengers Babies is locked in.
But also Avengers Oldies, where it's all of them in a retirement home together.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't hate it.
Avengers Teens, and they're going like a Riverdale kind of thing.
Yeah, and then Adults Avengers.
Avengers Vampires, they're doing that one.
Yo, have they ever avenged even anything?
It's just like aliens are coming.
Let's get them.
You're not Avengers, you're sort of Defenders.
You know what I mean?
That would be a way better name for the movie.
They're going to change the name.
To Defenders.
He did say they're changing it to Defenders.
And they're going to do that retroactively and re-release all the movies.
For $40, you can watch Defenders.
You can get Defenders,
but also it's going to be packaged with the Lord of the Rings movies
because they're tying that into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Defenders has the incredible Mulk and Guy.
Now, why would they change their names, Griffin?
I don't know, man.
I just really want to do advice.
I've been like excited to do advice all week.
I didn't think we'd get it a lot.
I've been excited to talk about Paul Zaloom and that went nowhere.
That was a real lead balloon on a real red Zaloom.
By the way, that show is huge in Latin America.
And you can see pictures of…
He's still like down there grinding it out in the wig and everything.
All right.
Because he's huge down there.
You got to see…
Folks, get online.
See pictures of Paul Zaloom doing the Beakman thing still
and watching kids in Latin America like flip their shit.
It's just so inspiring.
Like so ripped.
So ripped.
Also, if you got a MeTV affiliate, Sunday's at 8am.
They're fucking cranking Beakman's world again.
If you want to see Beakman, he's back.
He's on at 8am.
Anyway, let's help people.
This first question says,
Justin, I want a great book as a gift for the special doctor
or really anybody in my life.
Do you have any suggestions?
Well, it's funny.
The Sawbones book is out.
This came out last week and folks, it's flying off the shelves.
You can find a copy.
You got to pick this thing up.
Bit.ly forward slash the Sawbones book.
And here's our next…
Well, that's so funny, Justin.
The next question says,
I'm not in the mood for a book right now,
but in six months, I think I would like to read a graphic novel.
Oh, well, good news.
Theadventurezonecomic.com.
You can pre-order a book too.
We're never going to make it six months, folks.
Theadventurezonecomic.com today.
Get a book for now and a book for later.
Well, this is the third question.
It says that in 18 months,
I'm in the mood to read a Griffin McElroy's parody book
of 700 Sundays called 701 Fun Days.
Well, good news.
Pre-order it now at books.dog.
Hey, I want a book that's going to pick up my spirits
and lift my mood, folks.
There's one you can get right now by Jomni Sun
and Lin-Manuel Miranda,
and it is called Good Morning, Good Night,
Little Pep Talks from Me to You.
Shouldn't you go pick up this number one bestseller
in the self-esteem category?
I think you should.
That's going to be out October 16th as the crow flies.
Make sure you get your copy.
I know I did.
Put a little pep in my step for sure.
Absolutely.
How, just side note, how much,
what's our cut of every sale of that?
100%.
Whoa.
Yeah.
That's a good deal.
I mean, for us, it's a terrible deal for them.
For sure.
What's the first real question from like
the God's Honest Truth real question on this list?
My university students, damn.
Try again, bud.
Oh no, we didn't even make it four words.
Three words in, Daniel, damn.
You've done it again, Daniel.
Damn, back at it again with the white fans.
Hey, how come that kid was allowed to cuss
that much at school?
Yeah, I know, right?
He was like yelling curse words a lot at school.
If Vine was seven seconds,
you would have seen the principal be like,
uh, excuse me, Philip, excuse me.
Detention.
Detention, back at it again with the attention.
Summer school.
Dag, daggum it, Daniel.
Gosh darn it, H-E double hockey sticks, Daniel.
H-E double hockey sticks, Daniel,
back at it again with the white van.
Ah, piss, Daniel.
I think that still counts as-
What's the first question?
I'm dying, I'm in hell.
My university requires students
to pick up packages at the bookstore,
and thanks to my kind friends and family,
I find myself at the bookstore once or twice a week.
You know why you're there?
Shit, there was like a whole fucking thing
built into this one, fuck.
Recently, the woman who is always,
and this is all caps here,
running the bookstore told me,
you're in here every day.
I assumed she was exaggerating
to make me self-conscious.
It worked.
Until a couple of days ago,
when she told me matter of factly,
this is your second time coming in here today.
Uh-oh.
It was not.
Is the package lady confusing me for another student,
or is she stuck in a time loop?
How do I face her next time?
That's from Frazzled in Fredonia, New York.
I really enjoy that the question asker's assumption here
is that this woman working at the bookstore
was, of course, doing this
just to make them self-conscious.
Yeah, and now it's making them think
that they do have a twin, or,
because that can be like,
you work at a bookstore,
really any sort of retail gig,
you gotta make the fun.
You know what I mean?
And so maybe that means
you bring some Sudoku books in with you,
and sometimes it means trying to convince people
that they do in fact have twins,
or maybe that you try to convince people
that they have been John Malkoviched,
which it sounds like maybe that is what they're trying,
the game they're trying to pull right now.
Uh-huh.
And maybe it's not a lie.
It might not be a lie,
it may not be a game.
You may have been John Malkoviched.
Ugh.
That's, it's so important.
Okay, listen, when you sit down to read a book,
or lay down to go to bed, or something,
take one hair off your head,
lick both ends,
stick it across the doorframe and the door.
And that way, if it's gone when you wake back up,
you know you've been John Malkoviched.
You've been John Malkoviched.
So go ahead and balance it on the bridge of your nose.
Yeah.
And if it moves, you have the John Malkoviched door.
I've not seen the film,
but the John, they get in there, I guess.
You haven't seen the film?
Uh, no, it seems a little too, I don't know, adult.
Is there a point in the John Malkoviched
being John Malkoviched film,
where John Malkoviched goes in his own John Malkoviched door?
I think famously, famously, yes.
I think that does, in fact, happen.
You guys know that, you guys ever been on SNL
where John Malkoviched read Twas the Night Before Christmas?
Yes.
And y'all had all kinds of spooky sides.
If I was gonna be John Malkoviched,
and I ducked in, and I was like,
hey, hi, this is John Malkoviched.
Is this my manager?
Good, that's why you saved it on my cell phone.
Hey, listen, I'm a little fuzzy on timeline.
Have I already done that great bit on SNL?
Okay, well, I'm gonna leave then.
I just wanted to duck in for that.
And you just wanted to make sure that it happened?
No, I wanted to experience that.
So like, I would hang out in John Malkoviched for,
I don't know, I would say at least five days,
to be able to do that bit on SNL.
Sure.
Do you ever think about the fact
that they just completely missed the opportunity
to make a series of movies that were like,
being John Malkoviched, being Samuel L. Jackson.
Sure, sure, sure.
Being Maya Rudolph, I would say.
That's what he is always on the lookout for, is a franchise.
Spike Jonze loves a franchise.
There are so many conversations happening
about how Get Out is unofficially a part of the,
being John Malkovich-versed,
but that's neither here nor there.
What is going on here in this exact situation
in Fredonia, New York?
I think this person is probably confused.
I mean, that would be my best bet
that they've just made some sort of non-funny error.
Yeah, can you have them take a picture of you
every time you, quote unquote, you come in?
So then you can at least know
if you do have a doppelganger or a twin separated at birth.
It can happen, folks.
It has happened.
It does happen all the time.
It does happen.
I've seen it probably on like ABC Family.
I think it's on there probably.
Every third set of twins get separated at birth.
Here's a good, okay, I got a good test.
I got a good test.
Tell this person the next time that they see,
every time they see you in the store for the next week,
to force feed you a bunch of peanuts.
Oh, all right.
Okay, but think about this.
If that person balloons up or has an anaphylactic response,
then that's your twin.
Because that stuff is like, that's genetic.
Wait, but hold on, Justin.
Nowhere in this question does the question asker say
that they are allergic to peanuts.
Yeah, but if they're not allergic, it won't work.
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you even fucking think of that
before you opened your big mouth?
You know what?
Look, I'm the asshole here, I guess.
Say the next time, tell the person the next time
that you, quote unquote, you come in,
have them hold her or them in like bookstore jail.
Yeah.
Arrest them, you're saying.
And arrest them in the prison section.
I see, I see, I see.
Yeah, so have the bookstore worker person hold your twin
until you can get there and investigate.
Listen, for me, that might as well be the cookbook section
because good luck getting me out of there
once I find my way in.
I mean, it's also-
Can you check their fingerprints?
Have the librarian of the bookstore check their fingerprints
to see if it's a match for theirs.
You know they got that ink for when they do the stamps
in the book, do people still do that?
Probably not because-
At bookstores or-
Probably not at a bookstore, Griffin.
No.
Bring this back in two weeks.
Wait, what?
Yeah, you're not allowed to keep this.
It also could be, you know, a hurricane heist
where they know that you're getting your packages delivered
there every other day.
And so they know you're a rich target.
They have Mission Impossible 3D printed on a mask of your face
and they will go in and they'll get all the packages.
That's another, there's so many reasons
why you need to install a series of webcams
all around this bookstore or library.
No one's quite sure what it is.
There are rumors it could be either one.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
I'd love one, thank you.
I got this one sent in by lots of people.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Billy, who asks,
do you think Neil Armstrong filled his space diaper
during the moonwalk?
Serious answers, please.
I'm working on my dissertation related to the moon.
Let that first sentence sink in.
All right, one more time.
I'm working on my dissertation related to the moon.
We now know that the moon's weak gravity
loosens astronauts' bowels.
Did early astronauts know this
or did they find out the hard way?
I'm, okay, listen.
This is a peer-reviewed knowledge source
that you can find on Nexus Lexus.
Is this Yahoo Answer?
I need it for my dissertation.
So there are many things that I am not.
One of them is a gastrointestinal, yeah, a tummy doctor.
One of them.
And two, scientists, like in any way, really.
Science, I think, covers that as well.
Sure.
But my, no pun intended, gut reaction
is that this is not true.
About space loosening the bowel?
Yes.
Okay.
Because I have been on like roller coasters
and rides and stuff that spun me around in such a way
that I imagine in a less fun way
they do when they're training you to be an astronaut.
And it has never made me shit myself.
This is amazing.
Okay.
What's wrong?
Are you telling me, Travis, that the fact
that you have been on a roller coaster
uniquely positions you to comment on the effects
of space travel on the human body?
Is this what you just said, not as a joke,
but as a real thing?
Well, more than that, Justin, I started originally
before I thought of the roller coaster thing
with no evidence to back it up.
And then the roller coaster thing occurred to me
and I was like, wait, hold on, I'm onto something here.
And now I do, yes, I do feel very strongly
about the fact that I've been on a tilt swirl
and I have not shit my pants.
And so I think that probably Neil Armstrong
was probably fine.
All right.
I did it just to cursory Google
and we will get back to the question
because it merits discussion.
It's a hot subject.
This is our first man watch.
But I did find that low gravity, being in low gravity
makes it difficult to tell if your bladder is full
because the bladder's stretch receptor
nerves don't feel the weight of the liquid.
Astronauts are trained to empty their bladders
every two hours because of this.
So these are the world's most elite scientists,
the world's most bravest explorers,
space pioneers risking their lives
and just everything to go up into the dangerous,
endless expanse of outer space
to further our scientific pursuits.
They are geniuses.
They are brave.
They are the best of us.
And also they have a little special watch they wear
to let them know it's tinkle time every 120 minutes.
Because when they have to go potty,
they stop and go right away.
Yeah, exactly.
Houston, I've learned the cells have separated up here
in zero gravity, furthering the research
into curing cancer.
I think we've finally got it.
Oh, beep, beep, beep.
Time for me to go pee pee in the space potty.
I need to go tinkle, tinkle and make yellow, Houston.
So give me a bit.
It's yellow time.
Now, Griffey, to be fair, not knowing if you have to go
to the potty versus like automatically uncontrollable
going to the potty is two different things.
Is it possible that this is not actually having an effect
and they're just bored?
It's like, I would imagine trying to use a space toilet
is the highlight of space travel.
When you're just floating up there in the dark, who cares?
You're looking forward to that next time that you,
like you're just twiddling your thumbs,
hoping that you're gonna have to take a dookie
any moment now.
Yeah, that's the thing, Justin.
We are talking about this,
and I think the question asked who was talking about this
in such way of like, do you think Neil Armstrong
might've like lost control of his belt?
But I think the opposite is true.
We're probably like after five minutes
of being on the moon, Neil Armstrong was like,
I'm gonna be the first man to shit on the moon.
Yeah, he definitely did that or cranked,
but there's something that happened up there.
Have you ever listened?
Pulled his arm inside the sleeve of his space suit.
He could, and he didn't know.
Plant the flag, Neil.
He's like, oh, I'm doing that in a manner of speaking.
You ever listened to,
yeah, y'all ever listened to that tape
where he's talking about how he did it?
Talking about how he cranked it?
No, he's talking about how he's taking one big step for guys.
One big step for guys.
He says one big, he says one huge leap for boys,
and he does it.
Have you listened to it?
Hey, everybody check out my moon cave.
I mean, man cave.
This is me and my other dudes hanging out here in space.
He did declare when he planted the flag,
the moon is for boys.
I remember him saying that really loudly.
But do you ever listen to it?
Welcome to the big radical white rock just for boys only.
He said, Neil, you have to come back now.
And he said, I'm playing on the moon, leave me alone.
You can't boss me around.
I'm a boy and I'm on the moon.
And the first time an eclipse happened,
he went around apologizing to everybody.
Sorry guys, my boy rock got in the way of the sun.
I apologize, it shouldn't happen.
So have you listened to the tape?
I mean, I've seen it in like alien movies.
Dad described it to me.
Well, if you listen to it,
it's on Library of Congress website,
which I'm on all the time.
He sounds sheepish a little bit.
He sounds a little bit,
and for lack of a better term, just kind of naughty,
like while he's doing it.
And he wouldn't say it, right?
Like that was being broadcast to the whole world.
The world's eyes were watching the stars, the cosmos,
as we took our first, you know,
intrepid steps into our destiny in the galaxies beyond.
He did have poop on his butt when he said it, probably.
If you listen to the tape, if you really listen to it,
and I mean, really, really listen to it.
And the way that he walks in the video,
if you watch it, is the way that BB walks
when she's got poop in her butt.
Exactly, exactly.
Yeah.
Do you think it was, like obviously,
he gets out there, he gets out there,
he's walking around, steps in the moon.
I'm the first man on the moon, amazing.
Do you think it took him a little while
before he let Buzz get out?
Because he was trying to think of other things
he could be the first one to do.
Like, I don't know how it would,
I would want to be the first person to do
so many different things on the moon.
It would be so irritating to know that I had to let Buzz out.
Like, I want Buzz to be like,
hey, hey, look at me, I just did,
I just did, you know, this, I don't know,
the hand jive, you know, from Grease.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
And he's like, no, I just actually did that,
like two minutes before you came out.
I totally did that.
This makes so much sense to me, Justin,
because if you remember when Buzz Aldrin stepped on the moon,
he said, I'm the first second person on the moon.
And Neil Armstrong immediately murdered him.
Yeah, killed him dead.
Man, I bet, do you think Buzz had a moment where he was like,
I'm not even gonna get off.
Fuck it.
Fuck it, he's the first man on the moon.
He saw Neil doing armpit farts on the moon,
and he was like, man, there's nothing left.
Let's go home.
There's nothing left for me to do.
I will say, I have-
Is this Damien Chazelle?
I'm ready for our interview.
How's the script come along for First Man and Buzz?
You're still gonna call it that, right?
Like you promised First Man and Buzz?
I have been very excited to go many, many places in my life.
And I would say nine times out of 10,
you build it up really big, and then you get there,
and you're like, oh, okay.
So how long do you think they were on the moon
before they were just like, all right, there's nothing here.
There's nothing to do.
There's no TV or movies or anything.
I'm gonna get back in and just head on home.
You know Neil was hoping there'd be some big worms
he could fight.
That's half of First Man is them working on all the science
and Ryan Gosling helping invent the big rocket ship
and doing the zero G training.
And then there's a scene where he goes
and he learns how to master the katana
so he can fight the big worms that he knows.
He knows, I know there's gonna be big worms.
He's arguing with his wife.
His wife is like, why is it you?
Why do you have to go and leave our family behind?
He's like, I'm the only one that can kick
those big worms' asses.
I'm the chosen one.
I'm the chosen one.
Buzz still came out swinging with his katana just flying around.
No, Buzz, I already got all of them.
Don't worry, Neil, I'm here.
Before you came out, I killed all the worms.
I was the first man to kill a worm on the moon.
I killed all the worms.
Neil, you missed it, bud.
I got worm blood all over me and it gives me powers.
How often do you think during training for Neil and Buzz
and probably someone else that they talk to
like the head of NASA and they're like, okay,
and so just in case, what do we do if there are moon men?
And they're like, there's not, Neil, Buzz,
there's not gonna be moon people.
Like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But if there are, what do we do?
Neil, Buzz.
No, no, no, I get it.
There's probably, yeah, probably, probably.
But do we like join their society and like integrate?
Every Gimlet show I listened to this week
has had first man ads on it
and we just absolutely gave them a free promo spot.
So you all wasted your money.
I don't actually think that's true
because we actually described a way more bad-ass movie
than is almost certainly going to be presented to you
on the silver screen.
Also want to congratulate myself
as we are sort of nearing the end of this bit
and sort of approaching the precipice of the money zone
for not ever saying Lance when describing Neil Armstrong.
I've done that pretty much every time
I've talked about space on podcasts before.
Good job.
And actually, now that I say that, I'm not sure it's true.
Yeah, if we're gonna finance our own movie
about Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong
fighting warrants on the moon,
we're gonna need some money.
Let's hear the money zone.
I would like to tell you about Bowl and Branch.
Go nuts.
Well, here's the thing.
Even before we've talked about like,
oh, they make great sheets and they do.
Listen, their sheets, amazing.
Not only comfortable, but affordable.
I love them.
But you know what else I love that they make?
Towels.
Oh, the towels are so good.
My favorite towels I've ever used in my entire life.
Oh, game changers.
They also make blankets
and everything is made from pure 100% organic cotton,
which means they start out super soft
and they just get softer over time.
They have thousands of five-star reviews
and Forbes, the Wall Street Journal and Fast Company
are all talking about Bowl and Branch.
Shipping is free and you can get them for 30 nights,
try them for 30 nights even.
And if you don't love them, send them back for a refund.
But I doubt you want to send them back
because you'll just want to buy more.
You're not sending them back.
You will not send them back.
You will buy more.
To get started right now,
our listeners get $50 off your first set of sheets
at bowlandbranch.com.
Promo code my brother, all one word.
So go to bowlandbranch.com for $50 off
your first set of sheet sets, B-O-L-L and branch.com.
Promo code my brother, all one word,
bowlandbranch.com, promo code my brother.
Um, yes.
How dare you?
Yes.
I am Stitch Fix.
Okay.
No, it's a service and not a person.
Oh.
Yeah, it's a clothing.
That's their motto.
We're a service, not a person.
Stop mixing us up.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service.
What's that mean?
Well, you're going to give them your measurements.
You're going to tell them a little bit about your taste
and they're going to send you clothes
that they think will look great on you
and be a great fit for sort of your own personal style
in a big box.
You try on the clothes, you keep only the stuff you like
and the stuff you don't like, you send it back
in a pre-addressed envelope.
The postage is obviously already paid.
You just throw it in a bag and ship it back to them
if you don't like it.
But you're going to like all this stuff.
I have used this service for a long time.
I love it.
Basically all of our garments that we wear
at like live shows or anything are Stitch Fix.
And the cool thing is you work with your stylist
to give them feedback about the stuff that they send.
So if you don't like a particular shirt
or too pricey, whatever, they can customize the next box
to be a little bit better fit.
So get started right now at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you're going to get an extra 25% off
when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother
to get started today.
One more time, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Got a gumbo charm here.
This one's for Alex and it's from Stan who says,
happy birthday or close to it.
Thanks for being such a great friend, role model
and for carrying me in every game of Halo we've ever played.
Our whole community is so lucky to have you in our lives
and we are certainly all better for it.
Keep on killing it in everything you do.
Here's to many more game nights, concerts
and McElroy live shows.
It's a sweet message, but it's a shame
you can't really chip in more for the Halo matches.
So I think each of us are going to give you
our top number one sort of Halo tip.
And we're going to start with Travis.
Travis, what's your number one Halo strategy for victory?
You got a romance the aliens.
All right, Justin.
Stegosaurus gun, baby.
Which one's that?
It's the one that looks like a stegosaurus
with all the needles coming out of the top.
Yeah, okay.
That was a trap.
Halo is for jokers, Xbox is for dum-dums
and PlayStation's where it's at.
I can't believe you guys fell for it.
Jesus Christ.
Dang, you did get me.
You got me again.
I have a message for Chris from Bonnie.
Thank you for being my other half for the best 15 years.
I think they meant it when they said you can't buy love.
Now I know you can rent it
and I'd like to renew our lease indefinitely.
Happy anniversary year.
I love you pants and wherever life has taken us
when this airs, I'll cover you.
That was extremely sweet.
When they said you can't buy love.
Yeah, you did need to sing that.
Now I know you can rent it
and I'd like to renew our lease indefinitely.
That's good.
There we go.
Oh, like in rent.
Yeah, it's a lot like rent.
There's also the matter of you said-
I long to discover something as true
as this is.
He's off mic so we can keep talking.
It's fine.
We don't have to cover this.
We don't have to pay for it
because it's off mic.
It's off mic, so it's fine.
Oh, now he's going to get a glass of water,
it sounds like.
Okay, he's using the bathroom.
Okay.
Now he's changing Cooper's diaper.
Okay.
Just let him finish.
Okay, okay.
All right.
Travis, let him go.
But it's a medley.
I know, you got to let him go.
You know how he gets when he's like this.
You have to let him finish.
I keep waiting for you guys to move on.
I'll just kind of be in the background
and then we'll wrap it up.
I refuse to give him that relief.
I'm going to just let him.
Oh, like a bat out of you know where.
We're out of it, we're done.
That's right, damn Yankees.
It's a history of Broadway.
Yeah, sure.
It's super good.
In what order?
You went from rent to damn Yankees.
Thanks for coming, everybody.
Now do Pippin.
Rivers belong where they can ramble.
Eagles belong where they can fly.
Anybody else?
Who is this for?
What do you look for in a book?
Literally if on the back it said like,
this book made me shit my pants.
I'd be like, I'm buying this book.
I think the problem with blurbs a lot of times.
I like that we both want to crap ourselves over books.
What's the best way to e-read in the tub?
Listen to that noise.
I'm reviewing a plastic bag today.
How do you find a good book?
This is the most fucked up weird shit you've ever read.
You're like into it, hand it over.
Take my money.
I'm Breah Grant.
And I'm Mallory O'Mara.
We're reading glasses and we solve all your bookish problems.
Every Thursday on Maximum Fun.
We got one more Gumbotron, right?
Just lingering, waiting to be read.
And it goes a little something like this.
Justin, this is from all listeners to us.
Damn, I loved it.
The part with Justin saying,
shit, I wish that had gone on for many more hours.
Well, thank you so much, dear listener.
You're so appreciated.
A lot of fake questions in this episode.
It's kind of a little bit of a trend.
So what do you guys want to do now?
I want you to read a question.
I'm kind of hungry.
I've got, oh.
Oh, you're kind of hungry?
Oh my God.
Well, I don't know if it's going to be a junior or a big boy.
What's it going to be?
I want a munch.
Squad.
Squad.
That's a big boy.
I want too much.
Squad junior.
Oh, damn it.
Mickey's.
We've never featured Mickey's on the show.
I don't even know what a Mickey's is.
It's a deli.
Holy shit.
This year, they're creating a spicy, spooky Cheeto pizza.
The popularity, the eerie Halloween food trend.
I'm sorry.
No, I don't think, is it?
They had the black whopper the one time, the spooky black bun whopper.
But that's about it that I know of.
That was an accident, though.
That was an accident.
They fucked up.
They let some typewriter ribbons fall into the bun maker machine.
They just burned the buns real bad.
This is a wild press release here on QSR.
This is one sentence.
With the popularity of the eerie Halloween food trend,
combined with the popularity of flaming hot Cheetos, period.
I don't know.
Is this 2009?
What the fuck are you talking?
Wait, that's not a complete sentence.
Have you guys seen this awesome, have you seen this hot Cheetos and talkies video?
It's new from 2000 and, it's just 2000, from the year 2000.
Here's another sentence.
Mickey's deemed it fitting to be the first pizzeria to combine the two, period.
Next sentence.
The result?
The spicy, spooky Cheeto pizza.
Why spooky?
Don't be fooled by its burnt like appearance.
Upon first glance, the pizza is actually very tasty.
What a press release.
Hey, I know this looks like shit, but I promise we didn't fuck it up.
It fucking looks like garbage.
The black.
Oh my God, I am looking at a JPEG of this.
It looks like fucking garbage.
The black hue is created by kneading activated charcoal into their fresh homemade dough.
But don't worry.
That's good, I'll clean your teeth.
This is a press release for a pizza to eat.
But don't worry.
In terms of flavor, activated charcoal doesn't have much.
Too much.
It's got a little bit of charcoal flavor, but not much.
Oh my God.
Next, two type of cheeses with that possessive apostrophe cheeses are added.
Oh my God.
Mickey's first pizza to have multiple kinds of cheeses is in a complete sentence in this press release.
The mozzarella provides a creamy, mild taste, while the cheddar gives the pizza a balance of flavor and sharpness.
To top it off, flaming hot Cheetos are baked on top, adding a bit of spice to every bite,
while perfectly complementing the various flavors.
This is my favorite line.
The spicy, spooky Cheeto pizza only comes in a size large.
We know half measures.
We know half measures.
Yeah, you can't dip your toe in this monstrosity.
You're going to eat a large and you're going to like it.
I will say, we talk about food in MunchSquad a lot that I'm like, but you know what?
I'd fucking eat it.
I'm looking at this pizza and it looks like a crime scene.
I would not eat it with my worst enemy's mouth.
Speaking of which, the last sentence of this is, make sure to come by to get your, quote,
Instagrammable food posts before the month ends.
I don't know that we should be, and I know that we are, and the ship is sailing.
We're all doomed, right?
But I don't know that we should be designing foodstuffs for the visual novelty.
I'm not sure we want the to be verb of all the food that we're trying to eat to be,
you all have to see what I'm about to put in my body.
The word I think you're looking for is ogled.
Right, exactly.
No.
I want my dinner to be rubber-necked by passers-by.
Like, how could you?
Come have a chomp of our yucky stunt pizza is basically what they're saying here.
Yeah, the Presley, it should just be one sentence.
Is this anything?
Question mark.
My boss loves buying-
My boss.
My boss loves buying expensive imported snacks from all around the world.
And then he ships them to me once a month.
It's a new subscription service and I'm offering it to you.
Called Ted Snacks.
Ted Snacks.
He picks his finest delicacies.
He picks them up from all around the world.
Unfortunately for me, he loves to share.
The problem is whenever he goes to share a snack, he asks me to put out my hand
so he can toss me out a portion.
He then waits until I take my hand away.
What?
This is sort of an unwritten ritual as I've gotten comments like,
oh, so you were just humoring me when I take too little and
okay, that's enough when I have pulled away too late.
Brothers, what the fuck?
What is the perfect boss pleasing snack portion and dear God, how do I achieve it?
That's from Panic!
A Snack in Toronto.
I liked it.
So you stick out the hand.
The boss upends a bag of German crunchums and starts pouring in your hand
and then doesn't stop until you opt out.
Until you have decided you have received a fair amount of German crunchums.
That's the issue and sometimes you take too little, the boss thinks you think they're yucky.
You take too much, the boss thinks you're trying to rob them of all their crunchums.
I would say that if the boss said to me,
okay, that's enough, I would look them dead in the eye and say, no, it's not.
It's not enough.
I love these things.
More.
I bet I love these and you don't want to deny me, do you?
Here's one option.
You can have every snack at your desk all the time
and so when your boss is like, hey, you got to try these.
They're Australian Pringles and he just upends the can, right?
And he starts dumping them into your hand.
You reach into your desk, take out your can of Australian Pringles
and start dumping them onto the boss.
And then it's like you've turned into a water feature of reconstituted potato granules.
He's dumping them on you.
You're dumping them on him and then will he pull away?
Will he be the coward?
I don't know.
Ball's in his court because you can take them all day long.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe keep a bunch of gallon-sized Ziploc bags at your desk
and when he comes out, you just open it up and hold it out like it's trick or treat.
You know what I mean?
You're just like, yep, yep, fill her up.
I don't like those, but my kids will love them.
Yeah, my daughter.
I don't have kids, of course, but someday.
My girls will love these.
It sounds like your boss maybe doesn't like the snacks.
The boss just likes feeling powerful and has done, right?
Because if the boss did this with like, you know, some lifesavers gummies
and you take a bunch of them, it's not a big deal.
You just run down to the, you know, the Super America downstairs and grab some more.
But these are irreplaceable.
These are irreplaceable treasures.
Yeah, finite.
I think what you got to do is one of these times is take all of them.
And so they don't take all of their, you know, chocobooms,
their chocolate chocobooms, and then you take all of them.
He doesn't have any more.
And then you say, sorry, I took too many.
And the boss says, well, shoot, I don't have any more chocobooms.
And then the next time your boss probably won't even give you any more snacks.
And I would say also, like, take them all and then display no remorse or shame.
Because if they want to, like, shame you, like, oh, you took all my snacks.
And you say, like, well, you gave me all your snacks.
Yeah, I thought you were, I thought you wanted, when you came over here,
I thought you wanted to give me all your chocobooms.
Because I noticed that you did not reserve any for yourself.
So I guess.
Yeah, I thought you hated them.
I guess.
I just had a great idea.
Next time your boss comes to you and offers you a snack,
look at them in the eye and repeat this extremely powerful phrase.
Does it contain saffron?
I'm extremely, extremely allergic to saffron.
I recently discovered that and it's made my life a lot harder.
But, you know, as long as I'm smart about it, it's not usually a problem.
So I will die if I eat any saffron.
So how much saffron do these have in them?
Can you swear on my literal life that there's no saffron in these snacks?
And then you're fine.
Yeah, you'll never eat another snack again for as long as you live.
Yeah, but it's fine.
Now, listen, y'all, can you imagine though, like, I think-
What if they look good?
I think Griffin's right.
What if they look like really good snacks?
Well, one, if they look really good.
Yeah, sure.
And everyone in the office is just like, mmm, these crunchums.
But imagine, I think Griffin is right, but this is a power move, right?
But imagine if you did, like, stick the landing, because it's like, I don't know,
two and a half seconds of, like, chocums pouring is the right amount.
And your boss is, like, so ready to, like, shame you one way or the other.
But then you nail the amount and it's like, well, fuck.
That is the perfect amount, shoot.
Damn it.
The boss, like, and then everyone lifts you up on their shoulders and, like,
chants you out of the building as your boss dissolves into just chocums.
The only way to make sure you get the perfect amount is to make your boss be the one that
cuts it off.
And I think the way that you can do that is when the boss comes over and says,
hey, I've got some chocobooms.
You want to you want to try some?
You say, sure.
Ah, and you just open your mouth.
Yeah, yes.
And the boss has to put them right in the mouth.
And when he stops, you've had an I think you've had enough.
And you always have your hands full.
Yeah.
And he reaches in your mouth to put a chocoboom on your tongue.
And you chomp down and he pulls his hand back and kind of giggles like a pretty woman.
Mm hmm.
Or maybe he puts them in your mouth and you say, too many.
You say too many.
And now it's on him.
Now he's the fuck up.
Now he's the Malkovich.
You could also just eat as many eat too little.
Take too little.
And he says, oh, seems like you didn't like them and you eat them and you go,
Scrummy!
And then you also never get snacks again.
There's just so many things you could do.
This is an easy one, Jesus.
This one's really easy.
This one's so easy.
There's like 15 things you can do.
It's so easy.
Do you have a scapegoat in the office
that you could make go first and see how many they take?
And then just always take?
Dial it in.
Yeah.
Interesting.
I got a Yahoo here, y'all want it?
Yeah.
It was sent in by Logan, thanks Logan.
It's Yahoo Answers user Tentacles87 who asks,
if you want an extra cheese slice at a fancy restaurant,
what is the least embarrassing way of saying it?
You're at a fancy restaurant, like Bucca di Beppo,
and you want, I guess I included this one mostly
because I was trying to sort of split the needle,
thread the needle.
Well, no, I wanted to split it
because I'd like to have two needles,
of knowing what is a fancy restaurant
that does deal in cheese slices, in slices of cheese.
You can request an extra one.
The only thing I can think of is like on a burger.
Like a fancy, like a, yeah, yeah.
Like a dude burger made out of like human meat.
And that's the only sort of fancy burger I can imagine.
I can't, because I can't, listen,
I don't want to brag,
but I'm an adult and I've ordered a cheese plate before.
I don't think a cheese plate has ever come
and I've said, could I get more of this,
but without paying for it, please?
Also, I don't think a cheese plate
ever comes with slices of anything.
You may get little chunks,
but I don't think you can get like,
I don't think they have like Kraft singles
on a cheese plate.
Although that would be dope.
How thick does a chunk of cheese have to be
before it stops being a slice?
Anything thicker than a slice, it's an orientation issue.
I'm just now thinking about it.
Squad, why don't they have Kraft singles on cheese plates
so that you know how fancy the other cheese is.
You get those Kraft singles and you-
Oh, a baseline cheese.
They make you eat that,
because whenever I eat a cheese plate,
I always pretend like,
mm, that one was harder to eat
because of the pungent flavors.
I guess that means it was good,
but I don't know what makes good cheese, right?
Because I'm not always-
I noticed there's some weird colors
and speckles in this one, is that?
Oh, perfectly normal.
Yes, of course, I thought it was well, good.
Good and fancy, my very favorite.
I ate this one and it was,
it stank the inside of my mouth so bad
that I started to cry a little bit,
so I guess it's very good.
I think the best way that you can know
if the cheese is good is if you do have a Kraft single,
and now you know, like, all right, that's the bar,
let's see if you can clear it.
I noticed that there's some skin left on this,
boy, did you mean, okay, that is as intended.
Do I eat that, do I eat the skin?
I see here on the plate,
there's a bunch of things that aren't cheese,
and I assume some of them are supposed to go
with some of the cheese and some of them aren't.
If you could stay here and just coach me
through this experience together like a doula,
that would be amazing, thank you very much.
It's just like, I wanna go in the back room
with some of these fancy restaurants, gang,
and see if the fucking Riddler is the one
putting these cheese plates together.
I put olives and berries on there.
Okay, well now, what am I supposed to do with that?
You know, you never really order soup
and get a tray of cut up potatoes and chicken and stuff
and a can of broth, and the chef's like,
I don't know, you figure it out,
whatever tastes good to you. Good luck.
I'm going to give you a large chungu cheese
and three crackers, and it'll be up to you
to determine the portions.
There should be six of everything.
How are you gonna play me like that?
That's what they do with Lunchables.
Thank you.
Run the math.
Lunchables are my favorite cheese tray.
For sure, how do you ask for extra cheese slice
at a fancy restaurant though
without being embarrassed to say it?
I think you have to say like, the person next to me,
they're in the bathroom right now,
but they were interested in another,
if you can believe it, another cheese slice.
This asshole right here wants extra cheese.
In slice form, please.
Sliced, please.
She specifically said, excuse me,
I'm getting lactose intolerance tomorrow,
and I want to live it up tonight.
I have super lactose tolerance,
and if I don't get a slice of cheese, I could go into shock.
I'm gonna lose it.
My body loves this stuff.
My body just goes crazy for this stuff.
I'm just gonna do, I have lactose intolerance,
and I'm gonna do a Nicolas Cage
and leaving Las Vegas thing tonight,
so if you could just pile it on.
I'm going to Ben and Jerry's after this.
I just want to get fucking,
I just want to lactate.
I'm doing a lactating Las Vegas thing.
We found the episode title, good.
Blow me out.
I was worried we weren't gonna find
the episode title, but we did.
Here, it's just the six minutes to midnight.
You didn't even really crush it.
Good work, Juice.
Folks, thanks so much for listening to our show.
We did our dumb book plugs at the beginning,
but if you could go to bit.ly forward slash
the Sawbones book and buy my book.
It's out of stock in most places,
but if you put it in order on Amazon,
as soon as that next printing comes through,
we're gonna get y'all taken care of,
and that second printing is in the works,
so make sure you grab one of those if you can.
I will brag about it for a second and say
it is an absolutely beautiful book,
super fun, very well written,
and even if you know someone who has never listened
to the podcast before, but you know that they're interested
in weird history or medical stuff
or just things that are funny and good,
get this book for them, for yourself.
It's perfect, and we're heading towards the holidays.
Oh, thank you.
And it's a great holiday gift.
The Adventure Zone Murder on the Rockport Limited
is the other big news this week.
It is available for pre-order at theadventurezonecomic.com.
You pre-order your copy now,
you'd be, honestly, criminally evil
to not do so immediately.
We've got the, we've been working on the script for a while
and have started to see art from it,
and this book is gonna beat ass.
It is so fucking, I'm so stoked for this one to come out.
This is a good one. Whipped Tushy book.
You're gonna love it.
So, thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Good old album, good old guy.
Thanks to MaxFun, also, for having us on the network.
You can go to maximumfun.org,
check out all the great shows there,
like Friendly Fire, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Can I Pet Your Dog?
And so many more at maximumfun.org,
and we have shows at macklerayshows.com.
Anything else, fellas?
Also, at macklerayshows.com,
I think there's still a few tickets
for our November shows in Austin and Denver,
if you wanna count those,
both My Brother, My Brother, Me and The Adventure Zone.
I know for a fact that My Brother, My Brother, Me
in Austin and Denver are almost sold out,
like 2% away from being sold out,
and I think there's still, I don't know,
some tickets for The Adventure Zone,
but it is also very close to sold out.
So, if you're in the Austin or Denver area in November
and you wanna come to those,
we are also working on a Candle Night show.
We don't quite have the date yet,
but that's gonna come probably
around the third weekend in December.
We will let y'all know, yeah, we'll firm that up.
Yeah, we'll leave it over show when we have it.
One more thing.
Shit.
At the Barnes & Noble Tribeca in New York, New York,
on October 17th, Justin, Sydney, and probably Taylor, yes,
are going to be doing a signing of the Sawbones book.
You can see a link to that
at macklerayshows.com slash tours as well.
Here's that final.
It's sent in by Michelle Smith.
Thank you, Michelle.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call them.
Bubsy asks,
is lettuce basically crunchy water?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother, my brother, may kiss your dad's square
on the lips.
Hey girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Welcome.
Thank you.
Thanks.
These are real podcast listeners, not actors.
What do you look for in a podcast?
Reliability is big for me.
Power.
I'd say comfort.
What do you think of this?
Oh.
That's Jordan Jesse Go.
Jordan Jesse Go?
They came out of the floor?
And down from the ceiling?
That can't be safe.
I'm upset.
Can we go now?
Soon.
Jordan Jesse Go, a real podcast.
