Hey, it's Griffin.
Real quick before we get to the episode
because we forgot to mention it.
We have some new live shows to announce
that we are gonna be doing at the end of November.
We are going to be playing here in Austin, Texas
at the Moody Theater.
On November 27th, we are doing MBMBAM
and then on the 28th,
we're doing the Adventure Zone here in Austin.
And then for the first time ever,
we are going to Denver on November the 29th
at the Temple-Hoyne-Buhl Theater
and we're doing MBMBAM there.
So Austin, the 27th, doing MBMBAM, 28th, Adventure Zone
and then off to Denver for one more MBMBAM on the 29th.
And yeah, we're very, very excited.
Well, I'm excited that I don't have to travel
for most of those shows,
but I'm excited to get back up to Colorado.
So tickets for this are going to be on sale
for the public on Friday, September 14th
at 10 a.m. local time to where the venues are.
But we are also doing a fan pre-sale
for tickets for these shows,
which is going to be Wednesday, September the 12th
at 10 a.m. local time to Thursday,
September the 13th at 10 local.
And in order to access that pre-sale,
which runs Wednesday through Thursday,
you have to enter a password.
The password is mybrother, all one word, all caps.
You type that in, you'll get some early access
to a batch of the tickets for all those shows.
So that's it in November, Austin, Denver.
We're gonna tweet out links to all the ticket sales
for the different venues.
So keep an eye on our social media channels if you want it.
Again, they go on sale to public on Friday.
There's a pre-sale Wednesday and Thursday
if you use mybrother.
Okay, that's it.
Here's the show.
The McElroy brothers are not experts
and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert,
but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids,
which I mentioned only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar,
but not too not familiar.
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say,
hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother and my brother's
show, the McElroy brothers.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30, oh, he got me.
Oh no.
Oh, shoot.
Oh, shoot.
Oh, shoot.
Griffin's blood and guts are everywhere.
Oh, bang, he got me, shoot.
The predator got me.
It's the Predator Watch 2018.
Griffin, can I ask you a question?
Did you see it coming?
I did not.
I did, I had on the thermal goggles that I can use
to see the predator when he comes towards me.
But the problem is he had just went to the Cold Stone Creamery
and had a gotta have it, gotta have it, gotta need it,
and he cooled his body way down.
So he was essentially invisible in every respect,
and then he got me with his arm swords,
and he got me just from butt to cheek, butt to like head cheek,
and he cut me all the way open half-wise.
Dancing cheek to cheek.
Yep, yep.
Folks, as you've almost certainly guessed,
we got a Predator Watch on our hands.
After thinking that the predator was gone,
he's back on this one, and he is not pleased, okay?
Let's put it that way.
He is not excited.
Take it from me, you are gonna wanna catch this predator.
Oh, yes.
Folks, the predator is not happy.
He has been out of the game for a while,
but he is back in full force in The Predator
a 2018 film coming out this year, I believe.
Now Griffin, a lot of people are buzzing about Glover.
This new predator stars a gentleman
whose name is Boyd Holbrook,
and he looks like a, you know, tall glass of water,
and he will be playing sort of the...
Predator.
No, no, he's the predator predator,
the one who predates the predator,
but he's playing sort of the Arnold archetype.
The predator-predator.
Yeah, no.
The predator-hunter.
Still wrong.
Predator-consumer.
The one who gets the predator,
and this role in Predator 2 is filled by Danny Glover
and or Gary Busey, depending on how you looked at it,
and obviously Predator 1, you had Arnold Schwarzenegger
and just a whole lot of just sort of thick-armed gentlemen
in that one.
The Predators, it's important to point out,
cast this sort of thick-armed gentleman role
as Adrien Brody, which it still seems...
That's where we're going, huh?
That's where we're going, huh?
Just gonna go ahead and get him in the mix, huh?
Great, great, talented, talented.
Great and talented.
Arms?
Did he beef up a lot for that?
No, I mean, you could still fit about nine Adrien Brody arms
comfortably inside of one of Arnold's gloves.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Here's two real names of characters in The Predator.
Quinn McKenna and Nebraska Williams.
Oh, I like that.
Good, very good.
I like that.
Here's some more names of characters.
Casey Brackett, Traeger, Baxley, Lynch, Niddles,
Keyes, Dupree, Sapir, Coyle.
There are just a lot of them like that.
I've never seen any Predator movies.
Seems like a good one to start out with is The Predators.
Yeah, The Predators.
I mean, I know, is The Predators,
that sounds like a sitcom starring Predators.
That would be so funny.
Oh, like the Geico Cavemen, but with invisible alien guys.
They did Predator good.
Predator 2, love it.
Predators, I don't know.
Where are we at?
You've kind of lost me.
It's been 20 years.
Predators, OK.
And then this one is The Predator.
So I guess a lot of The Predators were like,
that's probably enough for us.
We're going to go.
And then one Predator was like, I'm going to kick it
and just kind of see where this all goes.
So the next one's going to be just-
They actually snuck it out
so that people wouldn't steal the film
by calling it a Predator.
And people were like, well,
I don't want to just see a Predator.
I don't want to see a Predator.
I want to see some Predators, the next sequel.
And this one's going to come out.
This one. A few Predators.
And in this one, they're going to go back to,
they're actually going to get Adam Brody in this one.
And he's going to be very sort of sardonic to the Predator
who will spit its acid at him.
Oh my God, can you guys imagine
what if they crossed Predators with The Predator?
And I think they'd call it The Predators.
And I think it might go a little something like this.
There's not going to be an end to this joke.
There is not going to be a middle to this joke.
Glomgor, I'm home.
I don't know what like Predator naming conventions are.
No, Glomgor is maybe more or less it.
Okay.
Why can't they give The Predator a name?
I mean, most of the one is like, this one has dogs.
This one has two swords.
And that's kind of sort of,
this one is bigger than the other one
and sort of tears its head off.
This one has a bad credit score.
Anyway, The Predator, we're all very,
I feel like this is the first one
where you guys really aren't fucking excited about.
I have never, here's what I know.
Here's what I know.
They got masks and underneath their masks
are faces that look just like their masks.
But you know, now that I'm thinking about it,
that is generally how masks work.
If I take off a mask, it's generally human shaped.
Isn't that true for all of us though?
Oh, that's so deep.
I know that they can turn invisible.
They can see heat.
And so you put mud on yourself
and that both is gonna protect you from the predators
and also it's gonna soften your skin up real good.
They have, I think, lasers and swords.
They hate aliens.
They're-
Travis, you know, for someone who's ever seen these films,
are you trying to hustle me somehow?
Are you about to like bet that you don't know
about the Predator, but then you've seen all the movies
a million times and you're actually about to take
all my lunch money?
No, Griffin, I've just watched TV ever.
Okay.
And so I've seen the references.
I love the Predator, okay?
This film, I am wild about, and Griffin's right.
I haven't been letting my enthusiasm show through.
That's the problem with the 2018 ironic detachment.
I'm wild about the Predator.
Yeah.
The movie, I saw the first one when I was too young
to see it.
Like everybody who saw the first Predator movie,
it was too young to watch it.
None of us were ready.
Got a little spooked.
We were all a little bit young to be seeing this one.
Trav, here's the story with this guy.
He is not angry at us.
He's not disappointed in us.
He's just above us.
And so he hunts us like the dogs we are.
Wow.
The Predator is the first one where we deserve it.
And I think that we all should welcome the Predator
and say, we get it.
Wait, is the Predator the hero of the movie?
It depends on how you look at it.
You gotta say, Predator, you take a turn.
In this one, the Predator is the hero.
He is finally standing up to humanity
in a way that no one else has the guts to.
He's finally putting us in our place.
Well, think about how many movies there have been
where human beings eat a burger or have a steak or whatever.
And we're all fine with that.
So why do we have such a problem with the Predator
hunting us, you know what I mean?
We're hunting cows.
Can I tell you what happens at the end of Predator 2?
Of course you can, Justin.
Because it's like one of my favorite,
it's one of my favorite things.
So Predator 2 is about Danny Glover
being hunted by Predator, right?
And Danny Glover turns the table
and manages to kill the Predator, right?
And then other Predators show up and they're like,
oh shit, nice, and they give Danny Glover an old gun
because he did such a good job.
Wait, what?
Yeah.
They give Danny Glover an old gun
because he did such a good job and that's it.
Now, and he technically becomes a Predator.
They're saying like, now you are a Predator.
And what's great about that movie
is they really wanted Danny to be like in it.
So they didn't tell him it was a movie.
So when they shot that scene,
yeah, Danny Glover got really scared,
but he was like, no, I'm gonna fucking fight back.
And they just like recorded it and let the camera roll.
It was very real and very visceral
and he killed the actor playing the Predator.
And then the other Predators came in,
were like, you're the Predator now.
And so now like Danny Glover,
he'll show up to set on like Angels in the Outfield
and be like, how are you doing?
And he's like, pretty good.
Just keeping an eye out for Predator work
because I'm not the Predator, but I am a Predator.
And so I will shoot all the aliens I see.
I hate them so much.
I didn't finish my story.
Okay.
The gun that Danny Glover is given by a Predator
was given to that Predator 300 years ago by a pirate.
Wait.
Because the, yes, that's right.
This old, old Predator made a pirate friend.
The pirate friend gave the Predator a gun
and then the Predator was so impressed with Danny Glover
that he gave him his old pirate gun.
Okay, wait, what?
That is not addressed in the film whatsoever.
It's handled in the backstory of the comics,
but it's true and amazing.
So Jack Sparrow gave this Predator a gun.
That's it.
Whoa!
I know, let's get into the advice.
I think we're ready for it
and I think we've all earned it.
My boyfriend likes to buy old, empty wooden boxes
and containers from a thrift store occasionally.
And the other day I saw he had a new one.
I picked it up to look at it
and then with a panel click on his face,
he said, wait, there's weird stuff in there.
So obviously I immediately opened it
to find 30 or 40 little rubber replacement earbuds.
While this is an excessive number of earbuds,
I wouldn't have thought that was weird.
However, he legit panicked and told me it was weird.
So I don't know.
Help me, brothers.
Is this objectively weird?
Why did he panic?
Should I be concerned about his apparent earbud hoarding?
What could he possibly even use them for?
I asked why he had them and he said, I don't know.
There's a lot of options here
and it's gonna be hard for us to fill in the blanks.
He could have thought that they were
little synthetic nipples maybe,
or maybe he eats these damn things.
He definitely eats them.
He definitely just pops them in.
He takes these, he scoops them up in a little Ziploc bag
and he'll go see the Predator at the theater
and they'll be like, snowcups, popcorn?
And he's like, no, I'm sneaking in some, uh-oh.
And they search him and they're like,
all you've got is this little bag of earbuds.
And he says, well, I'm not gonna eat those.
He does, though.
Then he coneheads out and he eats them up.
Mm.
Yeah.
Maybe, oh, it's also possible that right next to that box
was his box full of, I don't know,
teeth that he's found in the world or something,
because he tooth fairies teeth away
and he thought you were reaching for that box
and he was like, oh, the rubber ears,
yeah, that's weird, ha ha ha.
And then on the other side of that box was like,
I don't know, magical stones that he's made.
He thought it was his tooth-haver box
where he has all the teeth that he gets.
I would love it if you were like,
hey, wait, hold on, wait, give that a shake.
Okay, no, that's not the, I thought that was the tooth box.
That one's cool, that one's cool.
That one's fine, actually, go ahead and open it.
This one's kind of squishing around.
Uh, yeah, don't open that one.
Is it wet?
Is that box wet?
Nope, then you can open Sesame.
Go for it.
That's, give that a quick whiff.
Hey, hold on.
Give that a quick whiff.
Do you know what a bunch of teeth smell like?
Ha ha ha!
You do?
Check that.
No?
It's not teeth then.
Why would you say that?
Why would you think it was teeth?
Why would you bring up teeth?
Why do you keep, why do you keep talking about teeth?
Hey, I'm not the one, you're the one asking me
about teeth now, so like.
You brought up teeth, I'm pretty sure,
let the record show.
So like, maybe you're the one obsessed with teeth, huh?
Yeah.
Let's rewind the tape and look at it.
What are you talking about?
Oh, that's my box of tapes that I collect over there.
That's my box of tapes.
I mean, you have not been lied to in this scenario.
They asked if it's a, like, it is a weird thing.
It's weird.
It's weird enough that you wrote into us about it.
You brought it on our desk, so it is weird.
And you did ask them why they have it,
and they said they don't know,
which seems like another fair, non-lie answer.
They don't know.
They just kept them, because you never know.
I mean, that does seem like something
that you might have a utility for at some point.
Hold on, J-Man, because I was just sitting here
thinking about, I don't think you accidentally collect
30 or 40, because that means that, at the very least,
you have bought 15 sets of earbuds
and kept the replacements from them.
Well.
That just seems excessive.
Those have gotta go somewhere,
because you buy a pair of earbuds at the airport
or whatever, and the first thing you do
is you throw those extra ear jellies away,
because has anyone ever been like,
oh no, my ear jelly fell off.
Good thing I've got this replacement ear jelly
to just slop right on there.
No, nobody's ever done that.
Even if it doesn't fit in your ear
and there's other sized ear jellies,
it's like, that seems like a lot of work.
I don't, you know, I'm not at the genius bar.
That's it.
I think, in this scenario, your boyfriend has a fear
that one day they will wake up
and their ears will have shrunk.
Ah, yeah.
And they will need to replace all of their earbuds
with these smaller ones, and they don't wanna tell you that,
because, listen, the chances of that happening
are one in a hundred.
So like, yeah, you don't really need to worry about it,
but like, one day you might wake up
and your ears will be slightly smaller.
That was whimsical as fuck, Trav.
Really?
I feel like I'm on a roll.
Dull story, dawg.
Fuck, dude, sick.
Here's a Yahoo.
It's from level 9000.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport, thank you.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user,
so I'm gonna call them.
Playvus asks, the owner yelled at me?
I went to a takeaway pizza place,
and as I was going in,
a seagull followed me into the place
when I opened the door to look at it.
When the seagull flew into the kitchen,
the manager burst out yelling at me,
saying I had done something wrong.
There were no signs, so I don't think I did anything wrong.
I didn't get to order.
Why would he yell at me?
Did you hold the door open for the bird?
This is the mystery I think we need to solve,
maybe, before we go any further.
I opened up the door to, when I was going into the place,
I opened the door to look at it,
look at the pizza place, or look at the bird?
And then this asker says there were no signs.
Did you, so you're saying you had the conscious thought of,
I'm gonna let this seagull
right the fuck into this restaurant,
but because there's no sign saying,
hey, no big wild ocean birds in here.
This is very much like an Air Bud scenario of like,
well, there's no rules against it, so I guess it's okay.
How much do we need to communicate to people
about what is it?
Can't we just have a big, just a big sign on life
that says, hey, don't let birds in here.
Or like just wild animals in general.
You know no animal can come in here.
Wherever here is, you probably can't let an animal in there.
Like, period.
I do wanna specify wild animal,
because if somebody wanted to bring in
like their cool pet, like boa constrictor,
yeah, you know, or like.
I'd love to see that thing.
I'm wild about that.
Yeah, I mean, or like a service animal.
I guess that's cool too.
We all wanna see Toby's big boa constrictor,
but he doesn't bring them around
except at parties and picnics.
Well, cause the boa constrictor doesn't like pizza.
Cause it can't, they like ball shaped stuff
that they can eat, you know?
So they love calzones, or just like a ball of dough.
But you know, old man Pizza Tony
won't give him a ball of dough,
cause he hates aminals.
Yeah.
Don't let, I don't think we should let seagulls in it.
I tell you, we guys hate more birds or mice.
Birds.
Mice.
All right, well, I'll have to hate them equally.
It's very rare that I have to worry
about a mouse hitting me in the face.
Sure, let's sympathize though for a second,
because what happens if you do walk into the pizza place,
you do let just a huge fucking seagull.
And some of these birds guys, they get awfully big.
And so they get into the pizza place
and they're scooping up pepperoni rolls and garlic knots
and just like mouthing them down in one go.
And the manager gets mad at you and starts yelling at you.
And it's like, hey, this is my pizza place.
You've let a big bird in here.
How did you handle that energy?
You say, this seagull is rich.
Oh, yeah.
And like you're their driver, you know,
you open the door cause they can't.
And then like the seagull pulls out its wallet
and like shames the shit out of old man pizza, Tony.
So there's one problem is that they won't be able to,
you could pull out the seagulls wallet
and be like, I carry the seagulls wallet for them.
You understand Trav that a bird can't pull a wallet out.
You're sounding a lot like old man pizza, Tony Griffin.
How far do you take this?
Like the bird, oh no, this isn't my wallet.
It's the bird's wallet.
You see, I work for the bird
and anytime they talk to your face,
like please, please address the bird.
Please address the bird.
It drives him crazy when you talk to me
like you're talking to him, please.
Then you open the door and a pelican flies in
and you're like, this is the bird's best friend.
And he invited him out for a pizza lunch.
You're embarrassing me.
He's also rich.
He's also really, really rich.
They're so fucking rich.
The pelican carries his own wallet
because he's got that big, warbly mouth.
So what, the seagull's gonna pay for them both?
No, no, no, the pelican will pick up the tab.
The seagull paid last time.
Have you ever gone to lunch with a friend?
What's wrong with you?
Come on, dude.
This job's for the birds.
What job?
Bird job?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay, yeah, okay, I love it.
As the bird, like, translator.
God, fucking holy shit, guys.
That was my best joke yet.
And you guys didn't like it.
That was my best joke yet.
I'm gonna get tweets like, hey Griffin,
great episode, best joke yet on this one.
And you guys didn't even like it.
And I thought you were really gonna like it.
I thought you were gonna laugh really.
Do you wanna try it again?
No, I don't wanna try it again.
I just, I thought you were gonna laugh really hard at it
and you didn't like it.
Could you let in an animal
that is a natural enemy of the seagull
as a recompense for your misdeeds?
Like an octopus?
Could you let in an octopus to fight the seagull
and take him out?
Oh, but then what if that octopus's translator's there
and it's like, this octopus is rich.
And then old man Pete's attorney has to decide
which one to kick out.
He's a pacifist.
He's rich, this octopus is rich,
and he hates fighting people.
And this octopus and the seagull actually have
like a Romeo and Juliet star-crossed lovers
kind of thing going on, and it simply cannot be.
I mean, you got a little old lady
who saw the fly situation,
which, I guess my problem with the little old lady
who swallowed the fly situation.
Light her up.
At some point, don't you gotta just kinda stop?
Don't you gotta stop?
Like you swallowed a dog to get the cat
and you gotta be like, I swallowed a dog, I'm done.
I'm done.
Swallowing the cat was really hard.
The cat was tough.
The cat was tough to get down sort of physically
and emotionally and ethically.
And then I tried to do a dog and I got there,
and I think I just gotta walk away
because there's not too many.
First of all, what am I gonna,
I'm gonna swallow a horse to get the dog,
and that doesn't even make sense
because the horses don't eat dog,
like they're not natural predators.
You can't, it's like, it is like I swallowed a dog
and it's in me, and I guess that that's it.
That is the end of it, is I have swallowed the dog
and the situation is at least contained to me.
I have more roads open to me, vis-a-vis a horse,
but I just really, really,
I really think that's a bridge too far, even for me.
I tell you, the real problem with the little old lady
who swallowed a fly story,
and this is the reason I'm not buying it,
is whoever the bystander is who's observing this
and ruminating that perhaps this old lady will die.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Hasn't taken the two seconds it would take
to explain to this old lady how digestion works.
Yeah, you're gonna.
She doesn't need to worry about it.
Yeah.
The fly's long dead.
That fly's done. That fly is so dead.
You're so fine, little old lady.
But see, this is the problem with today's YouTube culture
is that they are filming it for their channels.
They're gonna put it on the vine
and they're gonna put it on their YouTube channels
and they're gonna get a lot of subscribers.
This woman swallowed nine animals.
It's great.
Please like this. Hey, this is Brofist69.
I'm doing the little old lady challenge today.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
All right, here we go.
Fly first.
Oh!
I went to a pet store
where they don't ask any questions.
Let's go.
I don't know why she swallowed the fly.
I guess for the vine.
Hey, it's me, the old lady.
I'm back again.
And today I'm swallowing the sickest shit yet.
Yeah.
Film this.
I wanna know in case anything happens to me,
I'll leave everything to my great grandmother
who's still alive.
And she's been swallowing her whole life.
It's for you, Gam-Gam.
Today I'm gonna swallow the Constitution.
Don't at me.
Today I'm swallowing the Predator
to get the human I ate last week.
But that's it,
cause nothing,
and then I'm gonna get Danny Glover in there.
But then that's it.
Nothing can,
that's the end of it.
Nothing.
Nothing left.
It's the end of the whole thing.
I've eaten everything that I can do.
And then I'm gonna start streaming.
Hello, Brad.
And then the stream will begin.
I'm trying to consume Danny Glover.
Maybe Fortnite?
I don't know.
Today I'm playing Fortnite.
And I'm all fucked up on Danny Glover energy.
I'm really full and I'm fucked up on it.
It made me feel crazy.
I'm getting the best headshots of my life right now.
And I have to eat Danny Glover before every stream.
I've never played Fortnite,
but Danny Glover is quite proficient at it.
And he's in there sort of controlling the gizmos
and gears like a meat, Dave.
How many spoonfuls of Nutella can I steal from the pantry
before my roommate notices?
The jar's about six inches tall from memory.
Can't go measure right now,
cause he'll see me.
That's from the Nutella Bandit in North Carolina.
I picture you like in a closet right now
whispering this into your iPhone.
Yeah, right.
Activate speed tracking.
Is there anything better than a fucking food heist, y'all?
Is there anything?
I do this literally every day where I go into the kitchen,
maybe me and Rachel are playing with Henry
and I go in the kitchen and get a glass of water
and I think, you know what would be good right now?
Also a secret Oreo.
And so I just kind of dig down and I'm like,
oh, where's my, where's the,
hey, hey babe, where's the nails?
But I like get them, I get the Oreos instead of the nails.
The nails?
Yeah. The nails.
When I babysat, I babysat for a summer,
two summers actually when I was living in Huntington,
and that family always had Gushers
and they were the kids Gushers,
but I made them mine because of my actions.
The Smurls at their new house
that they've lived in for a while,
of course they always had like,
cause Riley was just growing up,
they always had great kid treats.
Their pantry was, you had to go through the guest bathroom
to get into the pantry.
Oops-a-daisy, did you just let me lock the door?
I can like, I can get rid of fucking fingerprints, y'all.
Like it is the perfect, it is the perfect crime.
Are you sure you want to leave me?
Justin's been in the bathroom for four hours.
Yeah, he has.
He's scrubbing the plates.
Sticky from Gushers.
I, when I was a kid, man, I've never felt as guilty.
Well, that's not true,
but this is one of the things I feel very guilty about.
I used to steal mom and dad's Weight Watcher desserts.
Oh, me too, bud.
Ah, sick.
Because I feel guilty because I was like 12
and literally could have eaten straight lard
and been fine.
Yes.
But it was the very idea of mom and dad
would bring them home and say, don't eat these.
And then I would think like,
well, I'm definitely going to do that then.
I got to.
And I would always like try to figure out like,
okay, well there's four in a box.
They've had one.
So the box is already open.
So if I take one, maybe mom will think dad did it
and dad will think mom did it.
Ah, yum, yum, yum, yum.
And that's why our parents got divorced.
Oh, that's not funny.
This is what is integral about this question.
And then this is the key fucking part of a food heist is,
well, you need motive and opportunity.
The motive is, I mean, a snack down.
And the opportunity is however you can get
in the kitchen alone.
But then there's a math.
There's a math to it.
There's a Indiana Jones replacing the idol
with the bag of sand.
You got it, you got it.
There has to be a stealth aspect
of they don't even know it's gone.
And this is how they,
is there an amount of Nutella they could take that is-
There are some stages at which you cannot eat the Nutella.
Sure.
Here, like the primary stage is it's closed, it's sealed.
Fresh jar.
You definitely will notice the difference
between unopened Nutella and open Nutella.
That's huge.
There is also another bite that is completely off limits
and that's it.
That's the bottom of it, the end.
If you have the last bite
and leave an empty Nutella jar in there,
that's the biggest difference, I think,
basically in the world.
Because you've taken the person from like,
I have Nutella, to I have no Nutella.
That's massive.
The other thing you can't do though,
and you have to be very careful about this,
if they've tucked in the jar already,
you can't take the person from,
I have plenty of Nutella.
I don't even have to think about Nutella for a while,
to, dang, I'm kind of running low on Nutella.
Because they will feel that as well.
You cannot make that change.
You have to leave them feeling fat and happy
as vis-a-vis Nutella.
Okay, wait, I have a suggestion.
You could also though, you could leave them,
if they are already at, oh, I'm running low on Nutella,
you could still have a couple scooper rolls
and they'll still be like, I'm running, yeah, I'm staying.
I really need to go to the store.
I'm really running low.
It can't be 100, it can't be 50, or it can't be 0%.
You operate in the gray area between those checkpoints.
Here's what you do.
Every time your roommate has some Nutella,
and once they leave the room, they leave the kitchen,
you go in and you're gonna get yourself 10%
of however much Nutella they just had, right?
Because most likely, because what you can't do
is like, they don't have Nutella for a week
and you keep kind of skimming a little bit,
they might notice that.
But if every time there's just a little bit more missing
than when they had it, either that,
or you need to mix some mud in there to re-expel it.
Some muddy in there.
A little bit of mud. Get it back in.
And once I said that.
It's not as good as it used to be when I was a kid.
I realized you could have maybe done like peanut butter
and I said mud, but like, where are you gonna get
peanut butter? Oh, this is, no,
this is great, Travis.
So you tuck a little peanut butter in there with the Nutella
and then you get out a Sharpie
and in your very best handwriting,
you write now with peanut butter on the label.
And you try and make it look super, super, super a fish.
And the people come back and be like,
I don't remember, I have a peanut allergy
and I tucked into this.
And you'd be like, huh, better go to a hospital.
I'll keep an eye on your Nutella.
I guess you don't really have a peanut allergy then.
Yeah, find out what they're allergic to
and tuck some of that in there.
So you can be like Nutella, now with cucumbers.
And you write that on the label and they'd be like,
oh shoot, I didn't notice this when I bought it.
Oh well, do you want to eat all this?
And you say, you're already eaten it.
Or you could invite the person from like across the hall
over just for like a couple of minutes
and then they're gone, but so's the Nutella.
I love the secret ingredient thing.
All you need to do in your whole life
is always carry with you a tube of toothpaste
and a sticker that says now with more toothpaste.
And you can basically eat anything you want at any time.
You just relabel it.
You've squeezed some toothpaste in to cover your tracks
and then you slap that sticker on there.
You're done.
That's really good.
Travis's idea was promising of bringing in a ringer.
And what I like is you can really play it up
and be like, this is my old friend,
Stellan the sticky chocolate boy.
And he was a foreign exchange student,
stayed with my family for two years.
We love Stellan and almost as much
as he loves sticky chocolate.
And y'all hang out for a bit,
watch the Big Bang Theory or whatever.
And then when Stellan leaves,
the bottle of Nutella is gone and it's in your bedroom.
But your roommate's like, what the fuck?
You'd be like, oh, I should have told you.
That's one thing about Stellan.
He'll get that chocolate, man.
It's not even a question.
Don't worry, he won't be over here again.
No, we won't invite him again.
Okay, do we need another person for this?
Or do you just need a very good disguise?
Hello, hello, it's me, Stellan.
I'm here, do not leave me near our chocolate.
It is a warning, and they will.
Kitchen inspection.
Maybe I am French, maybe I'm Belgian, it's hard to tell.
Do not mind the sticky chocolate on my head,
and fingers, and face, and mouth, and cheeks.
Au revoir, a bientot.
Man, that dude didn't cross my front door,
but I feel like he stole my Nutella.
Yep, he did, damn it.
God almighty, he's good.
Or we just take all these ideas
and maybe the simplest option is just slap a sticker on there
that says, now with less Nutella.
I mean, the other thing you could do is like,
hey, movie night.
And they're like, hell yeah.
And then you put in The Predators.
And then you're sitting there and you're watching it
and you'd be like, hey,
do you wanna eat some of that Nutella?
And they're like, oh, that's a good idea.
And so they'll start eating the Nutella
and be like, hey, let me get a scooper roll.
And then all of a sudden it's not a crime,
it's like a friendship activity.
But you know, it is still a crime.
I love that.
Hey, y'all mind if we take a brief sojourn
to the Money Zone?
I would love that more than anything in the whole world.
You know how I like to start my day?
I slide it all into a pair of me undies.
Wait, what's all of it?
All of it.
All the goods.
And I slide them into.
Like your butt and everything?
As you're hearing this, I've had a vasectomy
and boy was I happy to be able to slide on.
And boy are my arms tired.
These micro modal fabrics are the best place
to put all of it.
They release multiple fun prints each month,
me undies does, in matching socks and bralettes.
Hey, thank you Justin for specifying
that it's not your bits that release fun matching prints.
That means a lot to me.
Thank you for clarifying.
If your bits release fun matching prints,
please see a doctor as soon as you can.
Me undies just launched a brand new membership.
You can take your top drawer to the next level
with new undies every month.
Don't take your top drawer to the next level.
It's already the highest level it could be.
It's your top drawer.
You know what I'm saying?
Why do you have no next to top drawer?
No, see.
No, see.
You don't get it.
Members gain access to exclusive prints
and special member pricing on every product me undies makes.
Get 15% off your first pair, free shipping,
and a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Just go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
I want to tell y'all about Boll and Branch.
Please do.
Yeah, they make super, super, super comfortable,
soft, luxurious, loving things.
And those things include bedding and blankets,
and they are made from 100% pure,
the finest organic cotton, which means they start out
super soft and they get even softer as time goes on.
And you're going to get older,
but these beddings never will.
Wait, no, no.
It doesn't say that at all, Griffin.
It says that.
It says they're chrono time-locked.
And that you're going to get older,
but they wash these sheets in the Tuck Everlasting Springs.
So they're going to be forever, forever young.
And they have thousands of five-star reviews.
Forbes, Wall Street Journal, and Fast Company
are all talking about these Everlasting
Boll and Branch bedding items.
And the shipping is free.
You can have them.
You can try them for 30 nights if you don't love them.
Then you send them back for a refund,
but you're not going to want to do that
because of how fucking soft and immortal they are.
So to get started right now,
our listeners can get $50 off your first set of sheets.
Ooh, it's a fun twister, isn't it?
Oh, geez.
50 cents, $50 off your first set of sheets.
Gosh, he got me.
With BollandBranch.com.
That's B-O-L-L and Branch.com promo code.
My brother.
All one word.
All one word.
Go to Boll and Branch today for 50 bucks
off your first set of sheets.
B-O-L-L and Branch.com promo code.
My brother, BollandBranch.com promo code, my brother.
I would like to, I got a personal message here,
and it's for Jet Sam, Rivian Chillstep,
Ernest P Braxton, and Mudd.
And it's from Felicia Silvertongue.
Thank you for ushering me into the world of tabletop gaming
and into the McElroy universe.
My life has become infinitely better
since we joined forces on our first campaign.
I'm so glad we could take on Nashville to see the brothers,
search for the quintessential meatball,
and meet Mayor Kobe Bryant.
Stay strong, Denim Warriors.
I need to know how much of this happened in the real world
and how much of it is it?
What was the Tom Hanks movie
where he got like so into his D&D campaign
that he like went into a cave
and tried to do like spells and shit?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Wizard of the Warrior?
Wizard of the Warriors?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I'm worried that this is that
because I don't know if Mayor Kobe Bryant
is like a major, major, major news item
that I missed out on.
It's possible.
Here's the thing.
The thing that's messed up about maybe my brain
and I think collectively all of our brains,
all of these jokes, like the quintessential meatball,
Mayor Kobe Bryant, Denim Warrior,
we could have said these in the Nashville episode.
Oh, fuck yeah.
But like I have no, that's all sent up to the cloud now.
I have no idea.
You're just saying so many jokes.
That's in the cloud actually.
How about this next Jumbotron, Justin?
Yeah, you know it.
Don't even test me.
It is a message for the Islanders
and it's from Jason AB and it says,
Dear Islanders, ever since joining the group,
I have met so many wonderful people.
Every day brings joy to my life
and interacting with you all has made me
a more confident and better person.
Here's to more meetups, selfies, jokes, and friends
and helping each other navigate through life.
I can't wait to meet more of you in real space.
Is there a chance that this message
is for the New York Islanders hockey team?
Y'all have really made me feel a part of the team
because I am on it and thanks
for batting the old puck around.
I can't wait to meet you.
No pucking around.
I wish I could meet the rest of the team.
But you won't let me.
I'm only allowed to meet one of you at a time
in case it doesn't work out.
Here's one more Gumbo Trom.
This one is for Future Sara from Past Sara
who says, Happy Birthday.
You did it.
You survived a year in Florida
and you're about to move back to Texas
where you know you belong.
I don't know if you're in Austin or Defebure,
which I believe is Dallas, Fort Worth,
but what matters is you're back in the Lone Star State
with your friends and family.
Past you is proud and a little jealous.
Okay, a lot jealous.
Enjoy that dry heat and barbecue.
And it seems like this happened this past summer.
Congratulations, Sara.
Welcome back.
And like we say here in Texas,
we left a light on for you.
Hello, are you looking for a new comedy podcast?
In which case, can I draw your attention
to the Beef and Dairy Network podcast?
It's a fictional industry podcast
for the beef and dairy industries.
It won Best Comedy at the 2017 British Podcast Awards
and it features wonderful guests such as Greg Davis.
To my knowledge, it's the only cow circus
that's ever existed in this country.
In rural Russia, every small town has a cow circus.
Josie Long.
You should have a beef.
Have a beef with them.
I have a beef with you.
I will have a beef with you.
Come round my house and I'll have a beef with you.
And Andy Daly.
That virus never existed.
There was never any such thing as a mad cow disease.
That was all an illusion that Big Lamb came up with.
That's the Beef and Dairy Network podcast.
Find us at MaximumFun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts from.
And I would recommend starting at episode one.
Bye.
Do you guys wanna Yahoo?
Yeah. Yeah.
This is kind of a new segment idea that I have
and I'm gonna bounce it off y'all
and if it goes over like a real lead balloon,
then I'll put it right back in the toilet.
It's sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham.
So I'm an anonymous Yahoo Answers user,
but I'm gonna call him.
Let's just, Sturm asks,
will the Marine Corps check my tattoo in detail?
Long story short, I have this tattoo that I don't like.
It's not going to be offensive by military standards,
but it is, how should I say this, a little embarrassing.
I once went to the place to get a tat on my back.
I picked out a real beauty, an American Eagle,
really awesome.
Anyhow, I get it done and I see it in the mirror afterwards.
I noticed there's some words
in the circle surrounding the Eagle.
The words are small and I can't make it out
because the mirror makes everything look reversed.
The artist guy says it reads All American Spirit.
Okay, cool.
I didn't ask for lettering, but it's a nice bonus.
Three weeks later, I'm playing basketball
with a bunch of guys.
It's four on four at the park court.
We do shirts and skins.
I am a skin.
So this guy reads my tattoos.
We're taking a break.
He really busts out laughing.
Can't figure out why he's laughing at an Eagle.
My friend comes over and starts laughing too.
I say, what is so funny?
They tell me what the tattoo says.
Turns out it doesn't say All American Spirit.
It actually says, I love to masturbate.
Can you believe it?
Update, so I go home.
I still can't believe my uncle is there.
So I asked him to read it.
He confirms that it says, I love to masturbate.
I still think it is some type of joke.
So I ask my sister, she says the same thing.
Update two, I look in the mirror with a big magnifier.
Sure enough, they are right.
The guy, sure enough, they are right.
The guy really printed those words on my back.
Update three, later my uncle says, wait a minute.
Did you go to Ed's to have that done?
It's not.
Wait a minute, did you go to Ed's to have that done?
I say, yeah, so what?
My uncle tells me about the run
and he had with Ed a few months ago.
Ed told my uncle that he would get him back
one way or another.
Update four, Ed said, I don't know how,
but I will get you or your nephew or one of your relatives.
My uncle confirms that Ed fucked me over
because of my uncle's dispute.
Update five, so my uncle and me
go down to Ed's tattoo parlor.
There is a sign on the door that reads,
permanently closed, filed for bankruptcy.
We later learned that Ed had a criminal warrant
and fled to Mexico.
Update six, so my question,
will the Marines let me in with such a tattoo?
So I figured this could be like a new fun like fiction
corner just to see like the sort of fun slice of life
Gene ass shepherd stories that the Yahoo answer service
can produce for us.
Because this one is so rich,
put it right in the reader's digest.
I don't know if you can say masturbate
in the reader's digest.
So maybe we'll have to like switch that word out
and I think they say fuck in here somewhere.
But I read this and obviously it's not true,
but gosh, it was such a gut buster.
Yeah, and what a journey.
And it takes you on a journey.
I did not see it coming that Ed would be a criminal
who fled to Mexico,
but I really feel like that was a necessary component
that really tied everything together.
I think it's amazing that both fled to Mexico
and filed for bankruptcy.
Yeah, I didn't even need both.
If you think about it,
that could have been the end of the story either way,
but I think that that's a detail that really...
I don't think that's how updates work.
No. That's one thing
I will definitely say that that's not how,
it's not chapter headings.
Right.
No, this is an outline for a book
that this person's writing.
Okay.
Yeah.
Are there people responding to it
who are kind of saying like that's lying?
Yeah, Mercury says,
it sounds like a made up story.
Does it?
Gunji says, nice story, now prove it.
You don't want them to prove it
because that means they have to go get a tattoo
that says I love to masturbate.
Oh no, they challenge me.
Well, I guess I made my bed.
And then Edwina says,
and you believe your basketball buddies?
Find somebody to look at your back and tell you what it says.
Eventually you'll hear repeating answers.
That's where update two came in.
Yeah, common sense says current guidelines
are more liberal.
You should be fine if it's not in your hands,
face or forearms.
I think they'll be fine, nothing to worry about.
Marines are like, yeah, we actually like that too a lot.
It's a good tattoo because it's not your face or forearms.
No one got to see that.
You got a backpack on.
I'm getting married in a little over a month
and I recently made the grave mistake
of mentioning to my soon to be father-in-law
that I was kind of a magic nerd when I was a kid
and that I often said I wanted to be a magician
when I grew up.
He said that I should put on a magic show
for his birthday in a couple of months.
Oh no. Oh yes, yes.
Thinking that he was obviously joking,
I said, yeah, sure.
Brothers, he was not joking.
He kept bringing up how excited he is for this magic show.
Out of pure social awkwardness, I kept going along with it.
It's important to note, I have no idea how to do magic.
What do I do?
That's from whatever the opposite of a prestige is
in Pittsburgh.
I want to get a mason jar
and collect the air I'm breathing right now
so I can, I just want to remember everything
about this moment because it's so good to me.
Oh, you fucked up so bad.
Oh my goodness.
Unbelievably bad.
Unbelievably bad.
You can't let in-laws know about any interest you have
because that will become, in their mind,
the only interest you have.
You know what I mean? You at the very least,
like the best case scenario is you are setting yourself up
to receive magic kits every Christmas
for the rest of your natural life.
Now that I say that out loud, that sounds pretty good.
Extremely good.
It actually doesn't sound that bad.
I would lock myself in a box as part of the trick
and then inside there, I've got an itty bitty book light
and a novel and I just stay in there
until everyone goes away.
I catch up on your Bible.
Where it says you're not allowed to do magic.
What if that was your thing?
It's like, I used to be way into magic,
but now I'm just super fundamentalist only.
Sorry, dad.
Yes. Suffer not a witch.
Sorry, my dude.
It's in the book.
The good one, I say.
You have fucked up so incredibly badly
that I don't think that we can help.
What if you just did it?
Yeah, just do it and rock their fucking socks off.
What if you cut the dad in half, really?
That's so bad.
Can you even imagine how bad that would be?
No, don't murder.
It would be for magic.
It would be for magic.
How many times do you think people have tried
that defense in court of like,
you cut this person in half, like, yeah,
but I was trying to do a trick and it went really badly.
Like, it's not my fault.
It's not my fault that I'm bad at magic.
They moved.
I wanna let you guys know that I just found the website
for F-C-M.org.
That's F-C-M.org, the Fellowship of Christian Magicians.
So they're gonna call you on it.
If they go poking around at all,
they are almost certainly going to, as I found,
the very first result being
the Fellowship of Christian Magicians.
Their 2019 convention is coming up pretty soon,
so make sure you do check that out.
Well, next year, right?
They're not doing it this year, are they?
Because that would be a pretty cool trick.
Guys, I just wanna tell you all,
I'm not gonna read it all,
because I'm sure it's actually pretty fascinating.
There is at least 1500 words creed
about whether or not it's okay to do magic.
So make sure you do check that out.
Oh, God, I just got itchy, Justin.
I got itchy with the urge.
I need to read this, please.
I know, I know.
Can we take a break from the show, or what's up?
While you read it, Griffin,
I've got a solution to this problem,
how you get out of it.
You're also going to drop on your future father-in-law
that when you were a kid,
you also were really into prosthetic makeup.
Like, you guys love stage makeup.
And then you're gonna hire a member
of the Fellowship of Christian Magicians
that you kind of look like, and show up,
and they're gonna do the show,
and then you're gonna pull off your prosthetic makeup.
Once the show's done, you do the bit,
you know, oh, it's you.
And then you're like, that was me.
I did the show, and I did it so good,
I could never do it again.
Please don't ever ask.
The end. Sorry, Trevor.
I was not listening, and you had to know that.
I was reading this Constitution, my friend.
Because it's genuinely interesting.
What Travis said, I'm sure, was the right answer.
That is almost certainly helpful.
Probably.
How many tricks does a magic show make?
I mean, if you have one really good one,
I think you're safe.
No, sorry, no.
If you do one magic trick,
that is a trick that could happen impromptu.
If someone asks you to prepare a show,
I think you need a tight five.
I think you need a tight five
to be able to call it a show with a straight face.
It's gotta be a good five.
What is a magic show, though?
Because everybody has different ideas of it.
Some people do cards, some people do the rings thing,
and some people just hold their breath
on Oprah for 20 minutes.
And so you could do maybe that.
You could say, okay, here's the trick,
and you turn on the TV,
and then Oprah is back,
which is a trick in and of itself.
And then you walk onto, and she's like,
this show's all about people holding their breath
a very long time now.
So you go in the big tank, and you try to do it,
but you're not, here's the thing,
you don't have to do it,
because you can be like, oh no,
I ate a big hoagie right before I came here, Oprah,
so I got the cramps, can't do it.
But I tried, Dad, I love you.
Maybe you let someone punch you in the stomach,
like Houdini, it's pretty good.
I can withstand it, not die like him,
so now I'm the better magician.
Yeah, right?
Or maybe, oh, just eat that big Subway sandwich
right in front of him.
Mm-hmm.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
What do you think, Dad?
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
I'm gonna do the whole thing, Daddy, I love you.
Can I call you Daddy, by the way?
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
Maybe you do a special show with the lights off.
Oh, erotic magic, ero magic.
I do erotic magic, and it's sensory magic, okay?
So it's not gonna be able to be seen with the naked eye,
so all the lights will be off,
and the magic will happen all around you.
You don't need to see magic, you can smell magic,
you can taste magic.
Oh my God.
And as you're saying all this stuff,
you're slowly making your way towards the door,
and by the time, and then you put a chair
underneath the door on the outside.
Yeah, you cask of a Montalato to your dad, your new dad.
And, and, let me say this, all of his friends.
You just, and they'll, your dad is probably gonna eat
his friends at some point, unless they eat him first.
And that's, and then, and then, and then, after two weeks,
you go and you remove the door, and you open it,
and their skeletons fall out, and you say, ta-da.
So you think after two weeks, your future father-in-law
will not only have resorted to cannibalism,
but he has everyone else in the room clean to the bone.
And your future partner's gonna be like, what the heck?
And you'll be like, no, it's like that fucking,
it's like the social magic.
You know what I mean?
Because your dad was clearly only a hair's breadth away
from cannibalism.
You don't understand.
I'm on that Darren Brown shit, it's social magic.
I made your dad eat all his friends.
With the power of suggestion, with the power of suggestion
and hunger, I made your dad turn all his friend
into skeletons, I'm like Darren Brown.
There was another door he could've walked out at any time,
and yet he didn't, why?
The window's open.
He wanted to eat his friends, the window's open,
they could see everything.
Hello, I'm Darren Brown.
Today, on my new Netflix special,
I have a theory about people I'd like to prove.
We all wanna eat all our friends and turn them into bones.
To accomplish this, I'm going to lock my father-in-law
in a closet for three minutes.
Oh my God, like a pack of piranhas, he has boned his friend.
Oops, little magician joke.
I'm Darren Brown.
Hey, push that guy off that cliff.
I can do anything.
No jury in the world.
This is my wife, Plumaria, I love her very much,
and she loves her dad, and you're gonna love her dad
as you watch him eat all his good friends.
Why am I doing this?
I don't know.
Someone please help me.
I'm just topping myself over and over again.
I don't know why I pretended to be a magician
to my dad in turn.
That's right, this is all for his benefit.
Let's wrap it right up.
Folks, thank you so much for joining us.
Kind of a weird one.
Poor Travis has been home for about 24 hours,
and then he's gonna get back on a plane
and go over to London.
So expect a lot of really good accents coming up.
Oh, yeah.
Before too long.
All right, so everybody, real quick, some plugs.
We just launched a bunch of new stuff on macroemerch.com,
including a Schmaners t-shirt and a Schmaners pin set,
but, and I say this as one half of Schmaners,
even more importantly, we launched
our generic podcast merch line,
which is like the silliest and my new favorite thing.
We've had the idea for a long time,
and it's finally happening.
And you can get a mug that says don't talk to me
before I've had my podcast.
You can get a poster that says a journey of a thousand miles
begins with a single podcast,
and you probably should get all these things.
There's a beer koozie that says podcaster on it.
With like three frogs saying it.
It's pretty great.
And our proceeds for that are going to an organization
in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia,
who is working to help combat opiate addiction.
So it's for a good cause and it's fun and dumb.
So you can go to macroemerch.com.
I'm doing another CUS show here in Cincinnati,
bit.ly, CUS September 2018.
That's September 23rd, get your tickets now.
I'm also doing a show at New York Comic Con
with Janet Varney and Jean Grey and Miles Luna
and Samus the Rapper and Patrick Rothfuss
and the Double Clicks, Pauline Storm, Jonathan Colton.
It's an amazing lineup.
And Schmaners is going to be there as well.
You can get tickets for that at bit.ly slash McElroy NYC.
There's also a- NYCC.
Thank you, McElroy NYCC.
There's also a Taz panel at New York Comic Con,
in which we will be previewing book two
of the Taz graphic novel.
You can get tickets for that at bit.ly slash Taz NYCC.
Also go get the Sawbones book.
It's a great book.
We got hooked up with some early copies of it
and I was enjoying it very much on the flight home.
And there's some juice,
there's some gnar shit in there, bud.
Oh, thanks, bud.
I'm glad you like it.
It's pretty gnarly.
We had to write all of it.
It's pretty gnar.
There's a huge picture of a dick on page two.
It's so awesome.
Yeah, cool to flip that open on an airplane,
but where can people pre-order the Sawbones book?
Bit.ly slash the Sawbones book.
And Travis has a new show out called Positivitini
that comes out several times a week.
Yes, Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
It's messages of hope, joy, and inspiration
in 10 minutes or less with me and my friends,
Amy Dallin and Erica Ishii.
It's just a little positive thing
and you can find it on all your different podcatchers.
Positivitini.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these four theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good album that you should just have.
Thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself
and the Beef and Dairy Network and Switchblade Sisters
and so many more on MaximumFun.org.
And we have other shows that you can find
at mackleroyshows.com.
How about that final?
Yes. Yes.
Final Yahoo is sent in by Nick Burns.
Thanks, Nick.
It's a Yahoo Answers user who has chosen to remain anonymous.
So I'm gonna call them Beverly asks,
my dog doesn't wanna go on walks with me anymore
because of the owls.
Does the dog know?
Hi.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Hey, good girls, do you wanna just say hey, I wanna?
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hello, listeners of MaximumFun.
I wanna tell you about our newest podcast
that tells you all about the truth of the flat earth.
Have you been looking out over the horizon
and you've been thinking, wait a minute,
this doesn't look round.
I've been lied to my whole life.
What is NASA doing with $52 million a day?
Uh, uh, come on.
We explode the myths.
Just kidding.
We're Oh No Ross and Kerry
and we investigate extraordinary claims.
That's right.
We investigate extraordinary claims firsthand.
We go undercover in fringe groups.
We get alternative medicine treatments
and we hang out with people who have unusual beliefs
like flat earthers, 9-11 truthers.
We do ghost investigations.
We've joined Scientology
and we got baptized in the Mormon church.
If it goes bump in the night, then so do we.
Hmm.
Why don't you check out Oh No Ross and Kerry
at MaximumFun.org.
