The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it?
Just say, hey, I want it.
Just say, hey, I want it.
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 on 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
January 27th has been marked on my calendar since last January 27th.
Oh, I've got goose pimples.
I'm so excited about A Dog's Purpose.
Just bristling with goose flesh over here, so excited for A Dog's Purpose that comes out on January 27th in theaters near you.
I'm really excited about it.
I think it's going to be a huge picture.
There have been multiple reports of abuses to dogs during filming.
And I think the film is going to be a real heartwarming picture for families to enjoy together.
I'm just glad that the movie goes out of its way to prove that A Dog's Purpose is to entertain us.
Yes, and then die, but then be a different dog later.
What the cost.
My favorite part of the trailer is when the beagle dies and then is a golden retriever, which then dies in an airplane crash, and then all of a sudden it's a beagle again.
I love you, A Dog's Purpose.
It's A Dog's Purpose.
When they were making it, they were like, what's everybody's favorite part of Marley and Me?
The end of it.
So what if they just made a movie that was all the end of Marley and Me, just over and over again forever?
The dogs die over and over again.
But then you get a new dog.
You would think at some point this dog would be like, okay, so reincarnation is real, but I am just a dog.
Like, what do I have to do here to get out of this cycle?
I'm just a dog over and over again.
Different breeds, of course.
I mean, I don't want to be a whippet.
I want to be a chocolate lab, so let's go talk to that bus.
Poof.
Thank you.
Okay, I haven't seen it, but do you think the movie ends in the final incarnation, the dog wakes up, and they are finally a human?
No, I think the final incarnation is he wakes up and he's half dog, half man.
He's like, well, it's a start.
Maybe they go full action hero.
And then some badass Guy Ritchie end credits.
There we go.
We could also have a bicentennial man situation where he does become a human and he does marry his master, the woman who owned him the whole time.
And then they fall in love.
Listen, I really want to marry you, but I am a dog now, but I have a very good feeling about this one.
So if you could throw me into that wood chipper and just let me try one more again, I think that I will come back as a human on this one.
So what you're pitching like a Marley and Me Groundhog's Day crossover.
Right, exactly.
He does some good shit for like an afternoon.
He's like, well, time to beef it.
Let's see if I can be a human this time.
A lot of people forget it was a book first.
Yeah.
A Dog's Purpose was a 2010 novel written by American humorist W.
Bruce Cameron, who I'm sure you all remember from 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter.
Yeah, which was a series that was also adapted into.
Please tell us, please tell us more about 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter, Justin.
8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter was adapted into a TV series that, of course, killed John Ritter is the most notable.
Oh, Justin.
It did.
I mean, it did.
What do you want from me?
That's the show that killed John Ritter.
So Bruce has had a good run, and now he's back with just killing dogs over and over again.
Not dogs, the same dog.
The same dog.
And Dennis quades in the movie, and at the end of it, he dies, and he becomes five birds.
I think I had the same reaction a lot of people did the first time they saw the trailer, that my wife showed it to me, just like losing it.
Like couldn't do anything, just hold the phone aloft for me to view.
I thought for sure it was a Christian movie.
Like it had to be a Christian movie.
This is a Christian movie.
That endorses dog reincarnation.
Yeah, we're like Jesus.
He helps Jesus or tell somebody about Jesus or helps them find Jesus or something.
Why is there only one set of paw prints?
Exactly.
That's where I did fun dog tricks for your entertainment.
But then I saw Dennis Quade, and I was like, Denny, are you doing okay?
Denny, are you in the film?
For the first, until Denny's reveal in the movie, in the trailer, you could have very easily convinced me that we were looking like an Animal Planet original movie.
Sure.
That they were getting into the movie business.
But then he was like, he calls his agent.
He's like, listen, it's Denny.
Just finished up that script.
For a dog's purpose, you sent over that hot one.
Denny Q got the script.
Denny Q got the script, did absorb.
Listen, five stars.
This script only needs one thing, and I think this film will flop unless you make one big change.
And they're like, what?
And he's like, you're going to need some vitamin D.
And that's for goodness.
You're also going to need to kill three times more dogs.
There's only eight dogs that die in it.
I haven't seen the movie yet.
But as I understand it, it's about a dog that keeps dying and coming back as other dogs that keeps finding Dennis Quaid.
And trying to kill him.
I hope there's a scene in the movie where Dennis Quaid lives in Connecticut or whatever, and then the dog falls in the lake.
And then it comes back, and it's a chocolate lab.
But, oh, damn it, I'm in Wales.
Well, fuck.
I've got to get all the way back.
Damn it.
And he finally gets back to Connecticut after like a year of getting there.
And he's like, hey, what's up?
And then a tree falls on him, and he's like born in Madagascar.
And he's like, why the fuck is this so much travel?
You know once he gets stateside, he's being like super cautious.
Like every street.
No, no, no, I'll wait for the light.
I know I'm a dog.
But I'm going to go ahead and wait for the light.
Griffin, I actually saw a press screener of the movie.
And the fucked up thing is the dog actually keeps being reborn in like the same town that Dennis Quaid was originally in.
And Dennis Quaid keeps moving.
Yeah.
Dennis Quaid keeps trying to get away from this fucking dog, and the dog keeps finding him every time.
And that's the dog's purpose.
I'm going to teach English in Shanghai.
Ah, damn it.
How am I supposed to?
I'm a dog, DQ.
Hey, DQ.
DQ.
Help me.
DQ, why do you do this?
Why do you do this to me, DQ?
The thing they don't tell you is that Dennis Quaid kills the dog every time.
And the dog is just trying to like – he knows he's got a serial killer on his hands.
And he's trying to reveal the crime.
And every time he gets close, Denny Q is like, nah, nah, nah, not this time.
Well, just like well, just put it in a well.
Yeah.
He starts it out so it won't reincarnate as fast, it gives him time to get away.
God.
It's a dark movie, Griffin.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's the lovely – it's the lovely bones, which would also work as a title for a dog-based movie.
The milky bones.
The tasty bones, the begging strips.
Boy, a dog's purpose out January 27th.
I'm so excited to see it and see if all the fan theories are true.
I've been playing along with the ARG online, and we're all having a lot of fun here at the –
we call ourselves the purpose heads, and we're just so fucking excited for this movie.
A Dog's Purpose is – it's buck wild.
Very important to me.
It's very important.
I did want to release – and again, some pretty brutal animal abuse allegations that are in no way funny,
but it is A Dog's Purpose is the name of the film.
So if you want to avoid it or watch it – I feel like a watch doesn't always have to be positive.
Sometimes it's sort of like, I got my eye on you.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I got a crime watch.
How do you think Deque is feeling right now after these dog abuse allegations have started popping off?
Because holy shit.
I read some of the responses from people involved, like Josh Gad is the voice of the dog.
Josh Gad's fully like, don't know, wasn't there.
The director of the movie is like, don't know, wasn't on set that day.
Wouldn't have happened if I had been there.
Hachi machi.
I'm sure Deque felt the same way.
He's like, no, I was getting some crafty and just enjoying myself and trying to center myself for the performance.
They had tortillas, soup over it, crafty, and so I was mostly hanging around that sort of station.
I was talking to my brother.
If you need to check that alibi, you can call him.
Oh, what's that?
You can't get a hold of him?
Weird.
Weird.
That's so weird.
Just a quick side watch.
Trolls, the film is coming to – it'll be on on-demand stuff I think this week, January 24th tomorrow.
Apple TV, I know it's going to be there.
Blu-ray I think is the following week.
I'm very, very excited because it'll finally be the end of my daughter wanting to watch the Trolls movie and it not being available.
Watching the most batshit content on YouTube is fucking so crazy right now.
I don't know if you guys have gotten – if you search for Trolls toys, which is normally what we end up going with, there's short films about –
I know I've talked about weird YouTube before, but kids weird – there was one where the Trolls toys had all their heads pulled off
and then their heads were hidden underneath other toys that had to be opened by this giant pair of hands on screen
and then the heads had to be reconnected and then there was another one where Branch and Poppy got married and then Poppy got pregnant
and it was just like a short film about that for kids.
It's pretty wild out there on YouTube, y'all.
If you haven't been out there, but that – my hell will come to an end where I can finally just enjoy the film.
I saw it two times in the theaters, but now I'm like finally going to be able to just enjoy the story of Branch
and him finding joy in his heart again on Apple TV when I purchase that film tomorrow, January 24th.
And then you're just three days away from A Dog's Purpose coming out.
So how's your cinematic week?
It's going to be a very good cinematic week.
Guys, Star Wars just now, while we're recording this, just announced the name of the new movie.
It's Star Wars Episode VIII, The Last Jedi, which I very much doubt that.
There will probably be a few more of those – those magic space warriors.
Is it really called that? Is that a joke?
The Last Jedi. I'm the last Jedi. Really? Because there's two of you.
No, it's – the movie ended and there were two of you. No, but I'm the last one.
I don't believe that one.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe it.
Number nine's going to be like, just kidding, here's six more Jedis.
Man, it's so rare we get to do breaking news on the program.
Oh, it's so nice to be able to bust out some entertainment news.
Travis, you've gone silent for a while.
You're just sort of contemplating, what, Trolls, Dog's Purpose, Star Wars VIII?
There's so many different things you could be thinking about right now.
Well, I'll tell you the truth.
While Justin was describing his weird YouTube wormhole, my brain broke a little bit,
and I thought, like, I must have dropped out of the call or something,
because I just – I couldn't understand the words he was saying.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's – if you Google Trolls toys and then hold on for the ride of your life,
and it's all toy videos on YouTube, are absolutely madness.
Yeah.
There's a video called Branch and Poppy Kiss.
Oh, a lot of people are waiting for that.
With real people as the trolls, it's nine minutes – it's nine minutes long.
Oh, it's just a really long smooch then.
What could be happening for nine minutes in this film?
How much story development is happening in here?
You know what?
Here.
Just for a second.
Just for a second.
No.
Well, this isn't going to be good for anybody, Juice.
I just dropped it in the Skype chat.
Just for a second.
If you guys could just, like – this is my –
Oh, wow.
This is actually a lot.
Wow.
This is a lot to – it's a lot to deal with if you Google Trolls Poppy and Branch Kiss on YouTube.
So right now I'm looking at a man, and he's doing Green Face,
and he's got some blue Goku hair, and it's just a lot of –
well, a lot of build up to the kiss.
I'm kind of hopping around, kind of scrabbling through this video.
This shit has four million over –
That's the worst thing we're done.
We're done with.
It's over, Johnny.
We've got to stop.
We've got to do questions.
We've got to do advice.
We've got to do questions and advice.
What is that?
Yeah.
Nobody can see this.
It's probably a Bergen.
The Bergens eat the trolls to be happy.
So listen, it's pretty crazy out there on YouTube right now.
People are putting lots of videos up on YouTube right now.
I was on it the other day, and I watched the first season of Bug Juice is all on there.
Yeah.
So get at me.
And you can also watch Branch and Poppy French Kiss for 38 minutes.
It's been 15 minutes.
We've got to do the damn thing.
Brothers, I have recently learned a terrifying truth.
I've been in this relationship for about too much.
Too much indeed.
And I just found out that my girlfriend sometimes drinks milk in the shower.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
At first I was slightly apprehensive, but I assumed it was out of a personal bottle or something.
Then I learned that it was in fact out of an open glass with no lid.
She insists this is perfectly acceptable, but it's an utterly horrifying concept to me.
Am I good?
And that's from Not A Milk Drinker in Massachusetts.
Okay.
Mmm.
How busy are you, huh?
Yeah.
I have so many things on my to-do list, I have to combine some of them.
Yeah, I have to drink some milk and take a shower.
Of all the activities to combine, that is by far the least convenient.
So this would the – okay.
The personal bottle is like weird to me.
I guess you mean a personal bottle of milk, not like a baba.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Sorry, guys.
Or just like your aluminum special bottle that you refill with milk for the shower times.
Yeah.
The thought of drinking milk and then a little bit of water getting in there is no good.
I don't like that even a little bit.
I don't like the thought of drinking milk because I'm pretty lactose intolerant,
and then I would be drinking milk on the toilet, and then that's a never-ending cycle.
I would be in the bathroom all day just dealing with all these milk problems that I've given myself.
But the thought of drinking a big glass of milk and then you turn around weird,
and then like a little bit of hot water gets in the milk, bad.
Now that is how they make skim milk.
They just add hot water to milk?
Yeah.
They add hot shower water.
Hot shower water and a little bit of head and shoulders, a little bit of Irish spring in there.
I don't think you should do that.
I don't think that that should be done in society that we're in now because I just don't understand.
But you know-
But you know, Zag, I would like to zag for a second.
Oh, shit.
Okay, zag on him.
If this is what your girlfriend does to just like chill, if this is like her me time is a little shower milk, it ain't hurting nobody.
This isn't taking anything away from you.
This might like her, you know, frosty glass of shower milk might be the only time she gets in her day to really just like treat herself to some shower milk.
You know what I do?
Yeah.
You know what I do?
What's that?
I would drink some of that shower milk, some of that frosty shower milk just to get the buzz going.
And then when I was sick of drinking the milk or when my stomach started hurting immediately,
as soon as it crossed the threshold of my diaphragms and stuff, all my flanges and stuff,
as soon as it crosses that and it hits my stomach lining and my guts go all rotten,
as soon as I was done drinking it, I would just dump it on myself and get that baby soft milk skin.
And maybe that's, you know, you drink it and you drink it down to halfway and you're like, I'm sick.
And then you dump it on your body and you get that baby soft milk skin.
Yeah.
Is she just looking to extend the shower maybe?
Just like she really loves shower time, but she – okay, okay, wait.
This has just occurred to me.
You need your hands in there.
Listen.
You need your hands in there.
You can't have one hand constantly on milk duty.
How do you squeeze the Irish spring into the loofah if you have one hand holding your milk?
I mean, maybe you got a cup holder in there.
Maybe it's a custom job.
Oh, nice.
You know what?
That is a good gift though.
Good gift idea, a shower cup holder, if you can find one of those on Amazon or something.
That's a good gift because it doesn't just say, here's a cup for your shower milk.
Right.
It also says like, I accept you.
You know what I mean?
Like, I accept you.
I have a Yahoo here.
Can I read it?
Yes.
And whoa, Yahoo, giving me a banner advertisement for Shondaland.
Hello.
It's a real thing.
Guys, Yahoo's advertising a thing that I could go and watch and consume.
It's not telling me about Melissa McCarthy or Ellen DeGeneres' recent death.
Things are turning around.
Very exciting.
Okay.
This one was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
Thank you.
Now it's rooms to go.
God, Altaba's really taken off.
Maybe I should give Altaba a chance.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, they're anonymous.
Jefferson asks, help, how to properly get rid of a Ouija board.
Ouija?
A lot of people say Ouija, and that doesn't, it's not.
It can't be, right?
It's Elijah.
Elijah.
I have had nothing but bad luck with this paper, paper board I printed.
And I'm tired of it.
I just want to move on and not think about the paranormal anymore.
It's been telling me to kill by someone named Zozo I've been lied to by something named Kelly or Nancy.
That's a bad board you got, dude.
Kill by someone named Zozo or I've been lied to by someone named Kelly or Nancy.
How to properly get rid of this thing.
I want it out of my life.
Oh, and please, don't tell me that Ouija boards are fake because I had it turn off the light in my house.
So don't say it's fake because it's real.
Whoa, what?
Hey, hey, hey, if you think it's fake because you haven't tried it using it hard enough or you're just too wussy to try it.
So tell me how to get rid of this thing.
So important.
Is your Ouija board hooked up to your Echo diet?
Yeah.
Your Elijah board has smart home technology inside of it.
It's the internet of Ouija.
Finally a smart board.
Because it's 2017.
Your Ouija board should be smart.
Listen, can we drill down on one question?
I've been lied to by what?
Kelly or Nancy.
Kelly or Nancy.
What?
Exactly.
It's telling me to kill by someone named Zozo, so.
Zozo's, okay, I get that.
Yeah.
When you use, think about the practicalities of using a Ouija board, okay?
Why do you think there are, like, I don't understand how you're differentiating between two entities named Kelly or Nancy.
Like, why would you think that's the same person that's just maybe going by Kelly or maybe going by Nancy?
It says, Justin, I'll tell you the problem here, Justin.
The question asker assumes that they have a faulty board when I think they have a faulty ghost.
And you're like, hey, ghost, who killed you?
And the ghost is like, I don't know.
Kelly?
Nancy?
Who can you even tell?
Nancy?
Maybe all the spirit said is it's a woman's name and it ends in a Y.
Yeah.
So just like.
It's K-E-L-L-Y, wait, N-A-H, hold up.
Okay.
Maybe their name is like Mary Sue, but it's Kelly Nancy.
Yeah, damn it.
My name is Kelly Nancy and I want you to kill people.
Now, Yahoo Answers user Dr. NG says, since it's a paper Ouija, it's not a genuine Hasbro Ouija.
It is worthless.
It wasn't made by the Hasbro witches.
The Hasbro necromancers.
Had you not been a cheapo and bought yourself a proper G-H-O at any fine toy store?
No fucking clue what that means.
You could have donated.
Genuine Hasbro Ouija.
Probably.
Yeah.
You could have donated it to Goodwill.
As a game, it's good for a $2 tax deduction if you itemize your tax.
Now, listen, Kevin, taxes all look good.
I do want to ask you about this one charitable donation of a, it says here a Ouija board, $2 donation of a Ouija board.
Is that correct?
It was a G-H-O, Tom.
I don't know what to tell you.
It was a G-H-O.
It was a genuine article, babe.
Oh, Jesus.
That's definitely this person's concern.
How do I get rid of my printed paper Ouija board while also saving myself some scratch?
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I, by Googling G-H-O Ouija board, have stumbled on an article called warning signs of Zozo, the Ouija board demon.
Oh, that's no good.
Oh, well, this is probably a fucking, this is probably the movie, isn't it?
This is probably the movie.
I think there's probably the movie How to Zozo, I bet.
Here are some signs you may be in contact with Zozo.
Ah, geez.
Below, now our podcast is haunted, by the way.
Great.
Below is a list of items that may indicate you are in contact with Zozo during a spirit communication session.
I don't want to be in contact with Zozo.
Damn it.
Hang up, Zozo.
Hang up, Zozo.
Get out of here.
Hey, put Smoove back on.
Put Smoove on the line.
Put Smoove back on.
I miss Smoove.
Get out of here, Zozo.
Rapid figure eight movements of the planchette.
Rainbow side to side movements of the planchette.
If the planchette spells out Zozo, Zaza, Mama, Oz.
Papa, beep beep, ding ding.
Or Ajo, Ding Dong, Bobo.
Oh, damn it, guys.
It said ding ding.
Zozo's here.
Why didn't you just come ding ding?
That's mean.
Okay, wait a minute.
What if you're, so it spells out all these things.
What if you're not in touch with a demon, but rather are in touch with the ghost of Scatman, uh, the Scatman?
Zozo, Zaza, Mama, Oz, Abacus, Zozo, Zozo, Zaza, Mama, Mama, Oz, Zozo, Abacus, I'm the Scatman.
Crevans.
Zozo, Zaza, Mama, Oz, Abacus, Zozo, Zaza, Mama.
Figure eight movements, rainbow shape.
Shake your planchette all over the place.
We gotta destroy the Ouija, though, because we can't have a Jumanji situation.
Although, now that I'm thinking about it, that's not what that is.
I'm thinking of the mask, where they tried to destroy the mask, but it kept coming back.
If they printed off their own Ouija, where did they get the planchette from?
I don't know, Travis, that's a fine question.
Probably made it from a jelly jar and saran wrap, if I had to guess.
I'm just saying, like, we should diagnose, though, like, if your computer's broken, if your computer is inhabited by Zozo, you don't just assume it's something.
You run through some diagnosis.
I'm just saying, maybe the problem is not the board, but in fact the planchette.
The Cate Blanchette, you know what I mean?
Like, maybe that's the problem.
It's entirely possible, but we're all dancing around the bullshit of how to destroy a genuine Ouija.
It's not, though.
It's not a genuine Griffin.
You're right.
It's not a genuine Ouija, so this person's just making shit up, and they don't have Zozo, you're fine, put it in the garbage disposal, flush your stupid paper Ouija down the toilet.
Now, if I had a genuine GHO, and this thing was ruined with Zozo, nasty with Zozo, dripping with Zozo's ichor, what do I do about him?
You gotta bury it under your local shoe factory.
One thing that this website recommends is that you set boundaries before you start any spirit communication.
What?
Yeah, it's important to set boundaries with ghosts and these demons that you may be communicating with.
Hey, so that wouldn't be a very good demon, huh?
If you have a safe word that it respects.
That's not really what I think of with a demon.
Like, oh, okay, no, no, no, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, you're right.
I crossed the line.
That was too far.
That was on me.
I get it.
You know what I mean?
Thank you for communicating with me instead of just being mad and not telling me why.
Instead of at me, I statement, I am a demon, I want to eat your soul.
Do you think after the Ouija movie came out that the rate of Ouija usage across the country spiked or diminished?
Do you think that kids saw the Ouija movie and said, I don't want to fuck with Zozo, and so they did not buy a Ouija board?
Because you know Hasbro probably pushed, very much so like they did with Trolls when Trolls came out.
They were like, here's new Trolls.
I bet they started printing Ouija boards again to time it with the release of the movie.
But that puts themselves in a weird situation where it's like, it's a Ouija board.
And then you're like, oh, sick.
And you see the movie and the kids get killed by Zozo probably.
And then you think like, this is not a good advertisement.
It's not if like in the Coca-Cola polar bear commercials, if a child came up to try to get some Coca-Cola and the polar bear fucking killed them.
That would make you think like, maybe I don't want Coca-Cola.
So do you think people are using these things more or less?
Well, I know to speak for myself, Griffin, just using I statements here.
I have not stopped playing battleships since I saw that fucking flick.
So I would think that probably it's the same deal where like you just get the fever, you know?
Do you think if you saw when the year after Jumanji came out and swept the nation with David Alan Grier fever, with dag fever.
Do you think that if you were a small child the year after that movie came out and you loved that movie so much.
And you found an old mysterious board game that you would fucking play it.
Because I think I still would be like, I know this is going to like really be taxing on David Alan Grier.
But I kind of want to know what the adventure is.
It's an old wooden box in your grandma's cupboard.
And it says like, tropical adventure on it.
And you're like, I think I'd like to find out.
And there is like a faint drumming noise coming from the box.
And you just saw Jumanji.
Would you still crack that lid and roll those bones?
Hell yes.
No question.
I played Jumanji in a heartbeat if given the opportunity.
Do you think the Zathura kids saw Jumanji and when they saw the Zathura box they were like,
this is going to take us on a deadly space adventure but fuck it man.
It didn't work out so great for David Alan Grier but I really want to check out the Zathura game.
Are you aware that Ouija the movie was produced by Hasbro Studios?
Yeah.
Is there?
It kills people.
Yeah.
Like this isn't a film.
Come buy our game.
Come buy our game.
It'll kill your kids with Zozo.
Merry Christmas.
I got you a Ouija.
I want you dead you dirty fucking rat.
Perfect.
Print it.
Send it to theaters.
You nasty fucking nephew.
I got you a Ouija board.
I hope Zozo chokes the life out of you you nasty nephew.
It does strike me.
I keep thinking about the Ouija board and it's weird because it's very singular to me.
I can't think of another board game that is sold that's like enjoy playing Monopoly
but also when you play it you're making real money.
Like there's not really another board game that has a deeper layer of like sales pitch to it.
Like the Ouija is a fun party game and also you're contacting Satan.
Like that's such a weird and people are like that's fun.
Like you can buy it at Target.
Yeah like when you pop the Pop-O-Matic popper in Sorry they don't try to convince you the dice are alive.
Yeah.
It's really shaking those pieces of shit up.
Be careful playing the game of life.
Like you've got real babies now.
The game of death.
I hope your mousetrap works.
Those little rats have the plague.
They don't really.
It's just such a fucked up sales pitch.
Buy our game.
It might kill you.
I mean you could play Grape Escape with real grapes I guess.
I was going to juggle with that but you could do that.
You don't have to make them take them to the factory and smash them in another history.
You could just like get some grapes and play Grape Escape with real girls.
You might actually be worried about waking daddy.
Yeah.
You could wake daddy so hard that your daddy in fact wakes up because the game got so overzealous.
That's possible.
That one could happen.
I mean you could actually put a goat on the roof when you're playing a game of Hey Pa.
There's a goat on the roof.
An actual board game that Hasbro made in 1966.
Do you think that anybody was ever playing 13 Dead End Drive and then a painting fell off their mantle and killed them?
Like was that...
Statistically speaking, yes.
Yes.
Probably.
Everything has happened once.
Well, gentlemen, why don't you follow me?
Get in my back seat.
We're going to the money zone together.
Let's go.
Our first sponsor this week, Travis, I want to tell you...
It's a dog's purpose and we already did that one.
It's a dog's purpose and we did that one.
Our second sponsor is Squarespace.
My brother, my brother and me is supported in part by Squarespace.
Make your next move.
Make your next website.
If you want to make a website and you don't know where to start, now you do because it's squarespace.com slash my brother.
You can get a free trial of their all-in-one platform.
You've got nothing to install, patch or upgrade ever.
They handle that stuff for you.
And it is the best way to make a website.
They've got award-winning, 24-7 customer support.
It's really easy to set up.
It's used by a wide range of creative people.
I saw that they actually have a new ad on Squarespace for John Malkovich making a clothing line.
So, if you go to johnmalkovich.com, it's a Squarespace site where he has designed clothes and it's amazing and the whole thing is incredible.
And thank you, Squarespace, by the way, because I didn't know I needed John Malkovich fashions in my life, but I do.
Definitely, definitely do.
But it's a great service.
We've used it and we can highly recommend it.
Just go to squarespace.com slash my brother for that free trial and 10% off your first purchase.
Make your next move.
Make your next website.
Squarespace.
Now, you did a website and it's so good and now you own your own business or whatever and you need to hire the right people for the right stuff.
Then you should go to ZipRecruiter because they're the other sponsor that we have this week and that means that they're our favorite.
ZipRecruiter allows you to – well, if you post a job listing in just one place, then you're going to get bad people out for it just because it's one place.
You want to sow your seeds wide.
And with ZipRecruiter, you can post your job to 200 plus job sites including social media networks like Facebook and Twitter all with a single click just to find that perfect hire for you.
You can find candidates in any city industry or industry nationwide.
You just post once and watch your qualified candidates roll into ZipRecruiter's easy to use interface.
They will come flocking to you and you don't have to worry about playing phone tag or juggling emails or whatever.
It's used by Fortune 100 companies and thousands of small and medium sized businesses everywhere.
Right now, our listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free by going to ZipRecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash my brother.
One more time.
Try it for free.
Go to ZipRecruiter.com slash my brother.
We should do this for the podcast.
We should ZipRecruit?
Yeah, we should ZipRecruit like a hype person or a social media person or like a personal chef.
What's Flavor Flav doing?
He could hype us.
He's probably good on money.
Well, hold on.
I have a Jumbotron message here and it's for Bryce slash Calvin and Mackenzie.
This message is from the podcast interest subset of the Slack subset of the acapella subset of the Glee Club,
who say, I owe brothers.
Please help us congratulate Bryce, Calvin, and Mackenzie on their engagement.
They are both huge fans and it would be an honor if you could bestow a choice wedding hashtag upon them.
God, I couldn't do this for my own fucking nuptials.
I don't know why I think I could do it for Bryce, Calvin, and Mackenzie.
Three names, two hearts.
Bryce Calmac.
Bryce Calmac.
Bryce Calmac, the planet the elf was from.
Hashtag a very elf wedding.
Yep, there it is.
Hashtag a very elf wedding.
Hope that helps.
This message is for heads and it's from big R.
And big R says, I know this way late or early by now.
So let's just say it's both a happy birthday and Merry Christmas from your best friend and biggest boy.
You've been the best part of my life for the last two years and now that we'll be living together by the time this is read,
I can't wait to share every night and morning with you.
Hit me on my mobile.
That's sweet.
It's sweet, but like it seems like we missed the time window so badly that not only might you not be living together,
you may have like died of old age in each other's arms notebook style at this point.
And we apologize for, we're just, we got a lot of plates we're spending right now.
Merry Christmas though.
But here's the thing, since we just opened up that new flood of like buying things,
we could have just done this so super early.
That's possible.
Like maybe big R bought this thinking like it won't do this till 2018 and here we are knocking it out in like January.
Yeah.
Um, let's do a question.
Here comes.
Strap in.
I'm leaving my job and have no interest in going out to drinks or having dinner with the people I currently work with to celebrate.
It's in quotes or say goodbye.
How do I make a graceful exit without having to spend social time with people who I don't like?
That's from moving on in Maryland.
This seems kind of like an open shut case, right?
I've never accidentally hung out with people.
I guess if I get stuck in an elevator, maybe, and somebody's got a bottle of bubbly, maybe, maybe then, but that's never happened.
I don't think this is a tough one, right?
Just don't.
This is why we need like valets and, um, you know, like a steward that can just sort of announce your non-presence at an event.
I regret to inform you, Griffin McElroy has milk-based diarrhea again.
Godji Godine, he says, here's a roast he made for you.
Just kidding, I made it.
You can have a cake, cake with your face on it, but you're not there, but the cake with your face on it is.
So they could sort of ceremonially say goodbye, but like not in a way that you have to participate with.
Yeah, they can all eat your face and talk about their favorite Gregory memories.
I have an idea.
Okay.
I've been thinking about this.
Feels like a bad one.
Well, hold on.
Justin?
No, Justin's right.
Sometimes there's just something in the air where I can tell you're about to float a real stick group.
Just give it a moment.
Maybe what you do is like maybe a week before your last day, you just kind of like spread around the office that you've decided to take like a surprise trip.
You're going to treat yourself.
You're taking a weekend getaway to like Columbia, and then you just don't come back to work.
And then slowly over time, perhaps a myth will develop that either you've just decided to live in Columbia from now on, or like maybe they need to start planning like a rescue mission.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm just saying maybe leave – I'm saying leave a little mystery.
Just a mystery, sure.
Leave just a story.
Let the myth you leave behind be bigger than yourself.
You know what I mean?
It is important though that you alert the authorities ahead of time that this is happening.
Oh, this is going to have to go deep.
This is going to have to go all the way to the top.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I saw a trailer for A Dog's Purpose, and it taught me a lesson, and I won't see the film, but it taught me a lesson about like spending time with just people in this world, or dogs,
because you never know which one of them harbors the soul of a kindred lost spirit.
You know what I mean?
So like you don't know which one of your coworkers used to be another one of your coworkers that died, but you really liked that coworker.
All I'm saying is A Dog's Purpose taught me to just really value the important things in life, like human connections and also dog connections.
So I just want you to think about that before you just shut all these people out.
That's true.
What if you miss them?
What if you miss them?
Maybe that last day, this is the kind of setting someone would make for like a movie where it's like your last day at work and you've hated everybody,
and it wasn't until this moment that you've really come to appreciate what you never took advantage of in these people's lives and the stories that they had and the impact that they could have on your life.
Maybe this last 24 hours could be your hit film Fist Fight, which I also have not seen, but I assume it's about Charlie Day and Ice Cube learning to appreciate each other as people and not fighting?
I don't know.
Like I said, I've only seen muted previews on Facebook and Twitter.
Right.
But I assume that's what it's about.
Or Here Comes the Boom?
It could be Here Comes the Boom.
What I'm saying is that your boss could be your dog that died a while ago, so fucking show some respect.
Your dog could be your boss that died a while ago.
You don't know.
You don't know.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what this life has taught me, this movie, this wonderful film.
I got a Yahoo here.
It's sent in by Mario Panagetti.
Thank you, Mario.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Kay who asks, what would you name five sons?
What would you name five sons all born two years apart?
Not yous, Hubert, Jeremy, Beckett, Devin, Jack, Ryan, Clinton, Fred.
I'm sorry, what?
So you know.
What would you name five sons?
You know you're going to have five sons.
Uh-huh.
Like my plan, we're going to get to five any way we need to.
We will have five sons.
Okay.
So you have that in mind.
So you come up with a naming structure for your five sons ahead of time.
What would you?
Here's mine.
Okay.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday.
It will happen Friday.
Exactly.
Now you're thinking about it.
Okay.
It's a lot of work to go through and also a lot of work for these five boys to go through.
All right.
Let me hit you with this.
Rachel, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler.
What happened to Ross?
Where's Ross though?
The dad's name is Ross.
And the mom's name is Gunther.
Okay.
And the grandpa's name is Friends.
And this is our dog, Central Perk.
I didn't think about this.
When I have my one son, what if I have four more sons?
Yeah.
You got to have a theme going.
Can I do like Sonic the Hedgehog, Tails the Fox, Knuckles the Echidna, Big the Cat, Cream
the Rabbit?
All Sonic characters.
Fuck yeah.
Got it.
I got one.
George Foreman did a good one.
Yes, George Foreman had a fun time with his son names.
You couldn't do that again, huh?
No.
Like you couldn't.
It's pretty wonderful that he did it, but I'm not sure you could keep doing it.
What if you named it after a single word NBC hit sitcom?
So, Frasier.
Mm-hmm.
Cheers.
Mm-hmm.
This is my son, Coach.
This is my son, Wings.
This is my son, Wings.
Hello, I'm Wings.
I'm a three years old, and I am Wings.
Hello, I am Wings.
Hello, I am Coach.
I'm older than Wings.
I love you, big brother.
I love you, Wings.
What if you named your sons like five professions?
Or like you named, so for example, your son Wings, you trained from birth to become a
pilot.
You know what I mean?
Okay, and Cheers would be a cheerleader.
Yeah.
Frasier would be somebody who repaired Frasiers.
Yeah, it looks like I got a little bit of cracks in your Frasier.
I can take care of that for you.
You got to take that to... I'm a skilled Frasier, so I should be able to fix that one right
up for you.
Not going to be cheap, though.
Frasier like that, it's going to be in the four figure range, sorry to say.
That's a solid oak Frasier.
Never see those anymore.
Okay, the Kevin and the Furious, two Kevin, two Furious.
Oh my God.
The Kevin and the Furious took your drift.
Yes.
Kevin and Furious, fast Kevin.
Two Kevin.
From Kelly.
Two Kevin from Kevin.
Fuck, that's really good, Justin.
You nailed it.
That's good, because then if you accidentally bone down and you crank out a couple more
calves, three more calves, the fate of the Kevin.
No, now the Kevin of the Furious.
The hard thing is going to be somehow naming Kevin, Kevin Drift, but having him come after
all the others.
Your third son will actually be your fifth son.
I have to rearrange these names just to get the naming conventions right.
Can I say how amazing it is that through all the really semi-terrible names, and they're
fun in a terrible way, or they're terrible in a fun way, either way, the Fast and Furious
films all have really bad names.
The fact that they've all been building to what may be the best name for a movie ever,
the fate of the Furious, which is so fucking cool of a name of a movie.
The fact that they managed to pull that out towards the end is pretty outstanding.
I just, I'm so excited, and I'm so hurt by what Vin has done.
And I know it's not him, I know he's playing a character, but I don't think I'll ever be
able to look at him the same way again.
Yeah, it's a pretty big deal.
How about a new question?
Family comes first, right?
Always, it's supposed to, so what the fuck's he doing?
What's he doing right now?
He's kissing Charlize, why?
Why?
That's not who he's supposed to kiss.
She's not family.
She isn't family.
He should only be kissing family.
You know it's him because there's still cars.
Yeah.
He's still driving faster with him.
It's not some sort of android.
I thought that too, Justin.
I watched the trailer, and I was like, this is some sort of clone or cyber android or robot
or CGI hologram like they did with Michael Jackson in that one concert.
I think it's got to be a hologram, right?
It's really him because it's the cars.
I thought maybe it was a Dave situation where it's somebody who looks like him and impersonates
him that has to take over for him.
Shit.
Or maybe a meet Dave situation where it's like a big guy with a bunch of little guys
inside of him, but it would be another possibility.
But no, it's him because it's him, and he's saying all this right stuff, and he's driving
the cars, and he's hurting his family.
Wouldn't it be incredible if at the end of the new XXX movie Tyrese rolled up in just
like a super sick sports car and was like, hey, we need you back in the Fast and the
Furious movies.
We've got a whole new bad guy to fight.
And XXX was like, guess I better go beat Dom now.
And hopped in the car.
Oh, I see.
And then the new Fast and the Furious movie starts with Tyrese and then pulling up in
that car.
Oh, God.
And that's the start of that movie.
But unfortunately, they can't get it.
Justin just had a very, very powerful orgasm.
A Fast and the Furious crossover with XXX where Vin Diesel is both.
I can't take it.
I'll tell you when they're going to get there, though, it's going to be Fast and the Furious
30 because then they just put XXX right there at the end of it and there's your fucking
title.
Oh, hell yes.
We've got a lot of Fast and the Furious movies.
Got to make them fast for us.
Got to speed up.
And Furious-er.
Yeah.
It's going to be Fast 9 feeling fine.
It's going to be the next one.
That one's going to be a more upbeat one.
Maybe Fast 10.
Do it again.
Maybe some web exclusive entries.
Only on Netflix.
The dirty Fast and Furious dozen.
We're going to get there.
Yeah.
Ocean's Fast 11.
Yeah.
Maybe one could just be a murder mystery for like a weekend and that's like another one
just like covered.
We just got to rush through them is what I'm saying.
20 through 26 is an ARG experience.
Yeah.
Number 27 could just be an escape room somewhere in Los Angeles.
All canonical.
All canonical.
All canonical.
What happened?
Ludacris dies in the escape room.
Ludacris died in the escape room and he's not in the movies.
Yeah.
You had to go to the escape room.
It's a great crossover and all the plotlines are unintelligible.
Yo, I can't help you guys with this one.
One of my wings is alive again.
What?
What?
Oh, you had to read the choose your own adventure book to understand that one.
The angel that lives inside of me is starting to break through.
The angel that lives inside of you?
Yeah, that was in the Angry Birds Fast and Furious crossover app.
I hate an angel in the Angry Birds Fast game.
Yo, yo, I'd love to come on this adventure, but Krombulor, the planet inside my heart,
the tiny planet inside my heart can't – it's the dark times because of the Harvest Festival,
so I can't make it out for this one.
We stole the planet from Jason Statham, remember?
Remember?
When he became Galactus.
It's just you and me, Rocket Raccoon.
Here's another question from a listener.
I work at a small coffee shop.
It's pretty slow, so I know a lot of people that come in.
I have a good rapport with the customers and often have pleasant and lengthy chats with
them.
However, I've noticed a trend where some customers have started blatantly shielding
their pin numbers from me as they pay with a card.
This offends me because it's rude, sure, but also because they think I would pick such
a boring and obsolete way to steal?
This has been happening quite a bit, and I'm wondering what my next move is.
Do I say something?
Am I allowed to make a goof?
That's from Ocean Zero.
This is so brutal.
Do you guys do that?
Do you guys shield your pin?
No, I yell it out loud.
Mine's just 69-69, so it's not even that good of a pin.
You're going to have to catch me and kill me to take my debit card from me.
That's the truth.
It's not enough just to have my secret 69-69 phrase.
I don't care.
If you steal my debit card, it's going to be canceled by the time you hit the corner.
It's no good to you.
If somebody did perloid my numbers, which has only happened basically eight or nine
different times, and I have to just buy Russian coffee cups or something, I don't know what
I'm doing out there, but I keep getting my numbers stolen.
When it does, the bank calls me and is like, hey, J-Man, happened again.
I'm like, yeah, I know.
It happens.
Send me a new card.
They're like, you know it.
And I don't care.
I don't care.
Steal my pin.
I don't give a shit.
I saw someone share a video with me on Facebook that's like, when you enter your pin, you
need to put, once you're done, put your whole hand on the pad, or else someone can take
a heat, one of those thermal scanners, and show which buttons are warm.
First of all, if I saw someone do that right after me, it's like, hey, what's that guy
doing with that thermal scanner?
But secondly, if you brought your thermal scanner to the coffee shop to steal my pin
number, do you need money?
I can give you $10.
Do you need $10?
Just sell the thermal scanner.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where do they get that thermal scanner?
Hold on.
This is, don't do this thing.
If I'm having a nice conversation with you, and I'm making you a panini at the Starbucks,
and I hand you your panini, and I say, that'll be $40, and then you try to be sneaky with
your pin, like I'm going to hack you, that hurts my feelings.
I just had a nice conversation about your kids while I made you a panini.
I think you should say, well, I think it's fair.
You didn't see what I did to that panini.
You can't watch me make your drink.
You just have to-
Are we all hacking each other all the time now?
Because it's not just computers anymore.
The prevalence of hacking has now gone around the bend for me, where it's like, they don't
get you.
If they want you, they don't get you.
Why not just be chill about it?
I don't know.
If you want me, they're going to get you.
I'm just not sweating anymore.
It's going to happen.
If they want you, they're going to get you.
Damn.
There's got to be a way to put up a cyber wall.
No.
That's the thing.
What you've got to do, what you've got to do is you've got to make yourself so open to
attack that you're low hanging fruit.
No, I'm not going to hack Travis.
There's no challenge in that.
What is that?
A baby could hack Travis.
Look at that baby over there hacking Travis.
It's the Sun Tzu baby boy technique.
Exactly.
I believe it's in the third Sun Tzu book where he says, just make yourself look like a little
baby and do keep on yourself and then your enemies will see you and say, he's not worth
fighting.
That's the R4-3 Tokyo Drift.
Right.
Then when they turn around, you fucking hack them.
Yeah.
You hack them.
You hack them back.
You back them.
You counter hack.
That's what we need to do.
No walls because they're going to break through my fucking ice in the reboot cyberverse.
I'm just going to have to go in there myself.
I've got to learn how to.
Maybe that's my zag.
I've been trying to find out what my zag is going to be for 20 Serpentine and maybe it's
I just become a fucking white hat hacker and I sort of become, yeah.
Let me explain to you why I need that so very badly.
Okay.
It is my dream as a child of the 90s.
It is my dream in life to one day see a hacker on hacker computer battle with sweat on their
brow and furious just typing and they're blocking them at every turn.
You know what I mean?
I want to see it like it's a dance.
Like it's a beautiful hacking dance.
Yeah.
The thing I was led to believe happened all the time by movies in 1992 and I never see
it.
It doesn't happen that much.
I want it so bad and then it ends and everybody's exhausted but we barely kept the launch codes
safe or whatever.
Yeah.
It looks like it was a draw and I'll be like, is it?
And then I'll hold up their codes and I'll be like, got your codes.
Got your codes here.
I want it so bad.
Can I read one more Yahoo real quick?
Yeah.
You can get one in under the wire.
It's from Rachel Rosen.
Game recognized game.
Rachel Rosen.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Bernard A. who asks, why did John Hancock write names so big on
the Constitution?
Now, there's a quick answer here from David B. who says John Hancock was president of
the United States when the Declaration of Independence was adopted and signed according
to legend.
Hancock signed his name largely and clearly so that King George could read it without
his spectacles but the story is apocryphal and originated years later.
Whatever the reason, it clearly had something to do with emphasis.
So, I've heard that before.
He signed it so that King George could read it with his stupid bad eyes.
And if that's not the answer, why did my boy John Hancock, when everybody else is like,
Jill signed it John Adams.
And then this motherfucker rolls up and he's like, Jonathan Hancock.
I actually know the reason.
I know it.
Well, don't say the real reason.
No, no, I know it, Griffin.
Okay, but it won't be funny if he's the real reason.
No, I know it.
Actually, John Hancock wrote his signature so big to cover up where Ben Franklin wrote,
I signed your crack.
Oh, yeah.
Have a great summer.
Have a great summer.
I love you like a sister.
Ben Franklin.
Benny F.
And John Hancock was like, Franklin.
He just wanted to cover up.
He wanted to try to obscure where Ben Franklin had just written cock.
Some huge letters on there.
It's like, well, we got to do something with this because Benny Franks just wrote cock.
What did you write, John Hamm?
Don't worry about it.
Just don't worry about it.
I'll just change my fucking name.
It's fine.
History will never know the difference.
No one's going to see this shit anyways.
You're going to lock this away somewhere, right?
Until Lynn rolls up with the sequel, with the squeakquel, all about the cock man.
There's probably not as rich a vein there.
No.
Very short.
What if he had-
Have you seen Hamilton 2, the squeakquel cock man?
Cock man?
Instead of talking about how he's going to change the world, it's exactly the same show,
except it's just a young John Hancock talking about how one day he's going to write his name
really big on an important document.
It could be that John Hancock had one regular hand and one Foo Fighters Everlong big hand,
and that was his right hand.
John, please sign it with your left.
John, wait.
Just please use the left.
No.
We only get one shot of this.
We've had to rewrite this thing so many times.
Please, John.
Yeah, it's like 1700 or 1800 something, and it's the paper's really hard to come by.
Please use your not giant Everlong hand.
Paper's so hard to come by, we can't afford calendars.
We don't even know what year it is.
It is fun to think about the fact that you live a whole life, and in one moment of extravagance,
in one moment of extravagance, you change the whole way in which you are a person.
Through all of history, no matter what you did, father, a brother, son, patriot, politician,
no, you're just the guy who signed his name so big on there.
But in doing so, also, there's a lot of people whose names are on there that people don't talk about much.
But old John is just like, well.
Let's have him talk about Thomas Mifflin or Robert Morris.
They should talk about the rest of those people because the bullshit of all this is John Hancock
wrote his name first, and everyone else went, I'm going to write it smaller than that.
Everyone else could have also, but they made John Hancock the dude in the office who signs
the birthday card first and writes a big long message, and everybody else just writes their name.
And it's like, well, thanks everybody.
I thought we were all going to go all in on this, and you guys left me just hanging in the wind,
and you all could have written your names big too, but now I look like an asshole.
Now I look like history's asshole.
Also, I will say this.
If you haven't looked at the signature in a while, check it out.
If my signature was that fucking rad, it is the fate of the furious of signatures.
If my signature was that cool, I'd probably do it really big too every time.
Also, just one last thing that we do need to address is that John Hancock defo did not sign the Constitution.
He got up on the Declaration of Independence, so we got that one wrong.
We got that one very wrong.
We were very wrong on that.
Let's just cut that tweet out.
Let's cut out the last 20 minutes of this podcast.
Go listen to stuff you should know if you want facts.
Stuff you should know.
The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution are different things.
They're different stuff.
Two different sheets.
Who signed the Constitution real big?
Did anybody do that?
Yeah, I was just looking at this.
Let's talk about this big signature, and it's from Daniel of St. Thomas Jennifer.
Who the fuck are you?
Who gave you the right, Dan?
I think the weirdest part is where somebody just drew Kilroy on the Declaration.
Who did that?
You know what I mean?
Where'd that come from?
Let's wrap up so Justin can go do his jujitsu.
Excellent.
Taekwondo.
Don't be a dick.
They're two very different things.
I don't know why, but I'm pretty sure they are.
I'm still early yet.
That's going to do it for us this week.
My brother, my brother and me, we hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Thank you to this week's sponsors.
If you want to, I think there's a, we don't know specifically, but we're about, well,
we are, as of this moment, exactly one month out from the premiere of my brother, my brother
and me TV show on CISO.
So you're going to start seeing things.
Start seeing some things probably this week.
So it'll be on our Facebook group, my brother, my brother and me appreciation group, and
also on our Tweet-O at NBNB AM.
So make sure you follow those so you can see that stuff when it pops off.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fucking great, powerful tune off a great, powerful album, and you're just going
to love it if you haven't listened to it already.
You can go to MaximumFun.org to check out all the shows on the Max Fun Network.
There's a bunch of really, really great programs, and they're all for free.
Stuff like Jordan and Jesse Go and Stop Podcasting Yourself and Throwing Shade, all on Maximum
Fun.
And we have a bunch of other podcasts and video stuff that we do at McElroyShows.com.
You can check out all that there.
Also on McElroyShows.com is our contact info and Twitter accounts and all that stuff.
I'm going to be on the Jonathan Coulton Cruise.
It is March 4th through the 11th, and it's going to be really fun and cool.
Some people that are going to be on there include Jeffrey Cranor, the Welcome to Night Vale
folks, Nerf Herder.
Here's one that I just found out about, a relatively new edition that I'm really stoked
about, Rebecca Sugar, creator of Steven Universe is going to be on there.
That's awesome.
Yeah, it is.
I'm so fucking jealous that you get to go on this.
I'm just going to follow her around and just tell her how much I enjoy her program, not
in a weird way.
And we're doing a live Sawbones on there, so you're not going to want to miss that.
In fact, you're going to want to check it totally out.
So, Jokocruise.com, there are some cabins still available, so go come with me on the
beautiful Holland America, Westerdam ship that is a boat, probably.
A boat ship?
Yeah, it's going to be a pretty good cruise.
Well said.
I have a Final Yahoo here.
Do you want to hear it?
Yes, please.
It's by Jeffrey Corbello, and it's by Yahoo Answers user Shrek, who asks, in Back to the
Future 3, since time travel is obviously fake, how did they get back to the olden west to
film the movie?
It's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
Mugs, shirts, stickers, patches, tanks, and more are yours for the purchasing at MaxFunStore.com.
Hey, you already love the podcasts, so why not take this to the next level and outflow
fit your home and bod with our merch, MaxFunStore.com, because if you have to wear a shirt, it should
be one of ours.
