The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind on the first in line, honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around.
If you got no place to go when you're feeling down.
If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown...
Give me what I need, what do I need? Give me the turducket, let me think. Turduck, aw yeah.
One...
Three, two, one, and turducket.
Turducket. It's my brother, my brother, me.
It's an advice show for the modern era. I am Justin McElroy here three days out from Thanksgiving, the giving of thanks.
I am Travis McElroy, the duck in the turducken.
I'm Griffin McElroy, the salmonella left over in the pan.
DJ Salmonella would be a good DJ.
It would be. Don't you think?
So, so this is an advice show for the modern era in case you're a first timer and I know we do have some listening this very week.
So know that you are in the presence of those whose eyes, ears, hearts, mouths and throats are about to be opened to wisdom.
I don't, I didn't like that at all.
Every orifice open to wisdom.
I like this zero.
I don't like, what we're saying is we don't have enough prongs between us to fill all the orifices with wisdom.
I do not care for this one bit.
Yeah. Do you have a crevasse that is not being filled with wisdom?
Can you feel my wisdom inside you?
One, question one.
Don't be itchy. It's just wisdom.
Kit writes, I recently broke up with my boyfriend and I'm in a weird situation.
We dated four years and the thing is he still wants to be friends and I somehow do too.
After breaking up, I naturally realized all the bad qualities he had.
I finally realized I'm a much better person than he is, but not being friends with him seems like it'll leave a big hole in my life.
What should I do? Is this natural?
Like I said, this is only my second breakup.
Should I just suck it up and continue to be his friend?
Says Kit.
Oh, friends after the breakup.
I guess it doesn't really happen.
Here's the thing. If you try to maintain your relationship with him right now, especially right now, you're just going to fall in the same patterns.
You broke up for a reason.
Most of dating is spending time with each other, right?
Sure.
In theory, yeah, it works out.
You spend time with people. That's how you become friends.
But I think that you just used a phrase that's very important to this, which is you can't think of the phrase, we should stay friends.
You need to become friends because you're not friends right now.
Too true, and you can't do that right away.
There's a temptation. I get it.
They are going to leave a hole in your life, but you got to remember that that's a boyfriend shaped hole.
It's not a him shaped hole.
We've talked about this before.
You don't miss the person, you miss the relationship.
You can't just have that back by being friends.
When did we ever talk about this before?
Did one of us write a book called Boyfriend Shaped Hole?
That sounds like a national bestseller waiting to happen.
It does, right?
We talked about how people don't miss the person as much as they miss the relationship.
You also need to be careful because being that close with him immediately afterwards can get in the way of you moving on.
It can get in the way of you getting over this breakup because you're seeing him all the time and still hanging out.
All these feelings are lingering.
Cut ties till you're ready to be friends.
You don't suck it up.
There's no rush on this.
Time is the most important thing.
You really can't rush back into any kind of relationship with him.
You got to figure out the two of you alone by yourselves and not together before you can really make any sort of dent in a friendship.
If you're a better person than him and that sort of thing, then you probably don't need a friendship with him.
I know that's kind of harsh, but he sucks, right?
There are plenty of people on this planet that you can be friends with.
Like us.
We're your new boyfriend.
Well, I don't know about all that.
I'm your new boyfriend.
Justin McElroy, half-husband, half-boyfriend, all podcasts.
So, hopefully that will be very, very helpful to you and I hope that that makes a lot of sense.
Now, we got another question coming from FormSpring.
FormSpring, do want to remind you though, if you do use FormSpring, go ahead and throw a name in there even if it's a pseudonym.
Especially if it's a pseudonym.
Especially if it's a clever pseudonym.
Aside from getting my sexy right, how could I parlay my relationship as the smartest guy in my high school into dating successes?
Can't.
Can't do it.
Can't do it. Gotta get rich.
Why don't you use your big brain and figure this one out by yourself there, nerdo?
Hey, boy dexter.
Hey, Quentin.
Why don't you go ahead and use your brain juice?
Why don't you go ahead and flex that gray matter and get yourself a girlfriend?
You're so smart.
Nerd, figure it out.
Brainiac.
No, you can't though.
You can't do it though.
Can't do it though.
If girls like to be into smart guys, they wouldn't call them lonely smart guys.
Call them baseball players or something.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless.
Your school has an awesome quiz bowl team and you can take them to state.
Quiz bowl king.
I love it.
That addendum was unnecessary because such a thing cannot, does not exist.
You get a quiz bowl letterman's jacket.
I don't know.
Going to see the quiz bowl just really gets me quivering in my loins.
Yeah, definitely.
Just seeing them work it.
It's like youth jeopardy.
Rock hard.
Rock hard.
Rock hard.
If you could do a triple crown of quiz bowl champion, spelling bee winner, and mathlete
supreme, you've got it.
Sure.
Just wear that golden horseshoe around your neck.
Yep.
What's up?
Now, the problem with this is, of course, you can't be attractive and be smart.
Not at your age.
Especially not in high school.
Nope.
Not in high school.
Now, in college.
In college, you will find groups of equally intelligent people that you can mingle with
and then you're being the leader of the pack will allow you more leverage in that department.
But in high school, that ship sailed off.
Yeah, you are going to be, when you get to college though, you're going to be leather
elbow patch deep in vagina right now.
No.
Nope.
The only thing I can recommend right now is to try to start practicing your acerbic
wit.
Yeah.
That way, by the time you get to college, you've got it perfected.
Where you got withering barbs lined up.
Yeah.
That's the best way to go.
Well, wait a minute.
I mean, maybe things, it's been a while since any of us have been in high school.
Like maybe things like, you know how you enrolled in high school or been in a high
school kind of lurking around enrolled and taking classes in high school.
Okay.
Appropriate high school age.
Young people always, you know, emulate the things that they're cooler, older friends
or friends of siblings do.
Right.
So maybe like high school now is college for us and maybe being a, like a witty smart ass
is, is, you know, hot shit now.
Yeah.
So what you're saying is what you're saying is now that all of us are older, too old for
high school, we should go back and act like we're attracted to smart guys.
So that'll be a new thing.
Yep.
In high school.
That's what you're saying.
You're saying all of us should get really intelligent 17 year old boyfriends.
He's our new boyfriend now, not how we were his new boyfriend and he is in turn our new
boyfriend.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm having a hard time keeping up.
No, no.
You're right on it.
Okay.
I did understand that correctly.
You think we should start a new craze of being into smart guys.
Yep.
I'm saying keeping the smartest guy in your high school because you're gonna, it's going
to pay dividends way bigger than, you know, awkward high school relationships.
You're going to go to a good college, you're going to learn a lot and you know, you're
just going to have, you're going to enrich yourself.
And really in the end, I just finished Malcolm Gladwell's outliers like you're just, you're
going to be the next Bill Gates.
I can tell form spring and you got nothing to worry about.
And I'm going to give just the last, last answer here.
Two words.
Weird science.
Check it out.
There it is.
I'm not going to say anything else.
Just check it out.
Weird science.
Check it out.
I got a Yahoo.
Check it off.
I actually have like nine yahoo.
Should we explain yahoo answers is a web service.
We do not solicit these questions, but we do find them kind of.
It's like kind of like a, a, um, an airdrop of wisdom that no one requested.
Um, here's one that was sent in by get this Leviticus Sutherland.
Yes.
Have you ever heard a name cooler than that?
I just choked on water.
Sorry Max Jackman.
You done been bumped.
You got bumped.
No, I'm actually cool.
You're not.
Could you say that name one more time?
Leviticus Sutherland.
Oh Jesus.
He sounds like an 18th century detective.
Yeah.
God, that's hot.
I want to, I want to write a book now so I can have a lead character named that.
Um, this question was asked by yahoo answers user Nat Ilf, who asked what is the heaviest
Babby to ever be birthed?
Jesus.
Really?
Again with the Babby?
Again with the Babby.
Um, uh,
fucking cut it out.
Uh, she, she goes on to ask, I am pregnant due on Christmas and the doctors say my Babby
is very heavy.
I think they said he was going to be 175 pounds.
Can I do anything to make my Babby smaller?
I am really worried about the labor.
Bitch, you should be.
That's going to be a wicked labor.
Wow.
You will most certainly die.
Your lower section will open up, it will bloom like a flower when you pass that 175 pound
man.
Let's be honest, this guy's wearing her like an inner tube right now.
He's just walking around with his mom around his waist.
Sure.
This is, it's vulgar.
He's already applying for jobs.
It's pretty awful.
Oh God.
Is this like an early onset, early onset like Jack disease?
You think that's what's going on here?
You think that job market is up right now?
Try going in with your mom with her skin stretched out all around your, your hands and feet.
I see a human face sticking out of your chest, like through the skin.
What is going on?
We're both applying.
We're competing.
You hire both of us or you hire neither of us unless it's a very compelling offer.
And then I, I, I will consider a late term abortion.
You know what?
You know what conservatives?
That is one area where if you abort a full grown man, I think I can get on board with
you that that should be a crime.
When does consent, when does life begin?
I think once you have stubble, life is officially begun.
At six.
Yeah, sure.
Life begins at six feet.
I mean, what can the, let's, let's, let's apply some, some rationale to this.
Okay.
For a change.
What, what the fuck kind of like miscommunication has this woman had with her doctor?
Like is there another, like a metric, maybe 175 ounces, but even that, that's a hefty
ass baby.
Right?
And nobody uses numbers like that.
All I can think is like, how much is that?
How much is this car weight?
Like a billion grams in fluid ounces.
How many, how, how big's my babe?
How about this?
Maybe she is pregnant, pregnant in the UK and like the doctor's bill was 175 pounds.
Okay.
I like, I think that that could be possible except everybody in the UK knows how to think
about baby.
I would imagine.
Oh shit.
Maybe this is a regional thing.
Maybe this is like, you know, in the land of giant hours, like they spell it wrong.
Right?
Yeah.
How bad?
I don't even care about the miscommunication.
Like how bad have you been at weights your whole life?
You don't like that doesn't immediately like, Whoa, did you say 175?
That sounds like, like a happy person.
You only weigh 130 pounds.
You physically can't, you physically cannot have that in you.
Unless her baby is composed of black matter.
Like this is my baby.
Unless your baby, unless your urethra is a TARDIS, there is literally no way.
It's like, no, it's like the genie bottle.
You see?
And I just said urethra as if that was some kind of body part that's involved in the passing
of babies through humans.
That is in fact like the tube that a man's urine goes out, right?
Ladies have them.
Don't ladies have them too?
I don't know.
You may know a doctor.
So the urethra is where your baby is.
You're going to pee out that 175 pound baby through urethra and it's going to be a worst
day of your life.
Yeah.
Enjoy that elf.
You're a dead woman.
If you want to reduce the size of your 175 pound baby, just go through a narrow doorframe
running really quick.
Should knock something off.
I think it would help.
I'm in love with a girl and I've been thinking about asking her out for a while now.
She is a female human, not a goose.
I'm about 95% sure she loves me.
So I know she'll say yes.
The only problem is my friends dislike her and they think she's ugly and they don't know
why I talk to her.
If I, honesty, so important.
If I date her, all my friends will surely give me hell about it.
Do I ask her out like I want to?
Do I not date her because it would make my friends happy?
Help me brothers.
Gmail.
Jamal.
Yep.
There's, there's some problems I have with this.
Some, some gaps I feel like are in the story that make it hard to give advising.
He's in love with her and yet he's been thinking about asking her out.
Oh, I don't know about love then.
That instantly makes me think that he's like 14.
Maybe eight.
Okay.
Eight years old.
Let's not despair.
And your friends dislike her because she has cooties.
Yeah.
No, I, obviously if you think there's a real chance at love, real chance, then you, you
gotta take it.
It's always, if there's a number one in the, in the NBNBA book of wisdom after packing
bags, it's, it's if there's a chance at love, take it.
But I also think, I think we have an opportunity here where we get those questions where it's
like my friend just started dating a girl.
She's absolutely horrible.
We can't stand her.
Do we like, we have a chance now to look at this from the other side of the coin and say,
you know, maybe you're ignoring these things that your friends see and you're focusing
on the good qualities and you need to flash forward to like three months from now where
she ends every sentence with the word what, you know, and it's like, I can't stand you
anymore.
You're getting in on that, you're getting down on that future hypothetical time travel
train.
Yep.
I'm all about that.
You're saying we can stop this problem that will be a problem in the future in the past
as if we were from the future.
No, I have a huge problem with this from a sustainability perspective.
If people don't keep making mistakes, where do we get questions from?
Okay.
We can't, we can't preemptively keep people from ruining their lives.
They got to ruin their lives and then come to us.
That's fair.
You're right.
You're right.
So do it.
I guess what I'm saying is go for it.
I think that you need to realize that you're, you're faced with either you lose this girl
or you lose your friendships because you're going in, you can't not know that your friends
don't like her.
Like you can't ignore that from here on in.
So anytime you all hang out together, you know, you, you're going to know that they
don't want her there.
But um, I will say that if your friends all dislike her and continue to dislike her after
you date her because they think she's ugly, fuck them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck them.
But if your friends that's getting their smooch on and that's you going to smooch burg every
weekend night underneath the bleachers and what are your friends doing?
They're all sad reading the new Harry Potter, crying themselves to sleep.
And you're getting your smooch, you're going to smooch, smoochville, getting the smooch
gone.
Is that what you do in high school?
Yep.
Smooch.
You smooch all the time.
You become the mayor of smooch town.
You become the mayor of smooch town and you get your smooch going.
So I guess what we're saying is, um, smoocher, yeah, just smoocher, silly smoocher, you goose.
Uh, hey brothers, hey, uh, I, I watch a lot of films and there's always someone has to
ruin the experience by asking questions or trying to guess the ending.
It is really annoying.
So what's the best way to shut them up?
God, I hate that.
Oh, it makes me so angry.
I wish I knew.
As fun as growing up, our dad used to do this thing where he didn't guess the ending, but
he would just go, ah, and nod his head about like 15 minutes into the movie.
And like, I knew that he had just figured out what was going to happen 15 minutes in
and I'd be sitting there going, what?
What did I miss?
What is it?
What?
Oh, and then the whole movie, I was just trying to figure out how my dad was so much smarter
than I was.
Yeah.
Hey, it's uncanny.
Um, now as far as actually, uh, God, that's so tough because it's hard to not do it and
not look like a, a jerk hole to say like, excuse me, whatever you're saying, this movie
is more important, but I think you have to do it once or else you're going to live your
life like that.
Well, and also this is really one of those, this is one of those situations that can only
be fixed.
I rarely, if ever condoned this, this approach, but you got to be as passive aggressive as
humanly possible about it.
Because if you come out, then you're a jerk who ruined movie night.
Um, but if you, if you sigh like really hard when they ask questions, but not too hard,
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
Keep the remote control in your hand.
And when, as soon as they start talking, pause it and give them their give them your full
attention.
Because in a movie theater, like this isn't a movie night.
This is like out in public paid for a ticket movie theater.
The power of a withering glance can not be ignored.
Like if they're sitting right behind you, just do a slow burn around, stare them full
in the face and then turn back around.
Is there anything more infuriating than, than infractions on, on like movie going etiquette?
No.
That is the most frustrating thing on the planet.
I went to see the new Harry Potter movie yesterday and sat next to, um, this irresponsibly overweight
family that would like, would not budge when I had to go use the restroom.
Cause that movie is four days long.
Like I had to use the restroom because I'm a human and I process fluid and food through
my body and sometimes I have to go through the bathroom and these fuckers like wouldn't
move their legs for me.
Like just looked at me, like just kept their big, horrible fat shanks.
Like just sticking out in the aisle, like climb them.
Like I was in fucking football training camp and then like would not stop talking throughout
the movie, but not saying anything insightful.
But like a character would die and they'd be like, really?
What are you adding to my experience?
Other than I guess increasing my dexterity by not moving your big stupid trunks, it makes,
I'm still angry about it.
I've been angry about it for 48 hours.
Here's what you do.
You're next to a fat person, shut up, just lean over halfway through the movie and say,
if you say one more word, I'm going to slit your throat open and drink your neck, drink
your fucking neck jelly.
You weirdo.
Oh God, that's irritating.
I would rather, I would rather hang out with racists and people who cut line in traffic
than people who talk in movie theater.
It's just so clearly not what you do because it's self-centered.
It's like, it's ignoring everyone else's experience.
Yep.
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's convincing yourself that you're the only person on earth having an experience.
Cause you know it's annoying.
Like there's no way you can ignore the fact that you're interrupting everyone else's experience,
but you're just like, fuck it.
I paid for a ticket too.
Yeah, but so did all those people.
You have just ruined like $20 for everyone in the theater.
We're not really helping.
I know.
Um.
We're commiserating, which is a way of helping.
It is.
Sometimes it's all you need.
That is annoying.
You know what?
If, if, if someone is talking and you can tell people around you are getting irritated,
stand up and say, shut up.
Yeah.
We're watching a movie and you will be a hero.
Cause the thing is just know that everyone in the theater is thinking the exact same
thing and wishing someone would say something and, but like, everyone's like, I don't know.
I don't.
And if you say it, you are going to be met with silent applause.
Yeah.
Cause they don't want to disrupt the movie.
Yeah.
But then you read those, those things in the newspaper.
It's like, man gets stabbed to death with like trimming, like hedge trimming scissors
in a movie theater because he stood up to the theater bully.
Like it happens because it's dark and anonymous and you could just, you can just stab people
to death in there.
And like, it doesn't matter.
That's why everyone's so afraid.
That's why nobody speaks up.
Griffin, can I tell you something right now?
And you know, I love you.
You're my brother, my blood.
I love you.
Are you going to make fun of me for saying head shearing trimmer and scissors?
Cause I couldn't think of what they're called.
No.
I want to tell you later.
Remind me after the show.
I'll do that.
Right now.
I need to tell you that you're letting the terrorists win.
Wow.
But it's not terrorists, Justin.
They aren't.
No, they're terrorists.
It's you and me.
It's, it's you.
It's not you and me.
Cause obviously we have sense in our goddamn heads, but like it's people like you and me.
It's Americans.
People who talk in a movie theater, someone stands up to them and then they kill them.
They're a terrorist.
That's what they're doing.
They're striking fear for all those people who, who, uh, want to talk in movie theaters.
Now they get a free pass cause some dumb ass killed somebody one time.
Yep.
It's more than you know what?
Oh shit.
Equal and opposite reaction.
You gotta kill somebody.
Somebody for talking in a movie theater.
The fear will balance out the fear.
That's fair.
Yeah.
And I also tell you, if you do a movie night at home and you kill the first person, I guarantee
you won't have that problem anymore.
No more movie nights for you.
Yeah.
See this, this whole thing was panning for gold.
You thought we weren't going to help this person when we did kill them, kill the person
who talks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Murder time.
Yeah.
And nobody talks in jail in movies cause they're in the movies at jail.
That's a fact.
Yahoo answers.
Yahoo answers.
This one was sent in by Clayton A. Yahoo answers user Joe asks best for loco flavor.
I feel like it's time for us to address this.
Okay.
Uh, Joe asks, so I just darn a cranberry lemonade and then a blue raspberry and then
a watermelon.
I'm about to drive to the store to get another.
What flavor should I get?
How about hospital flavor?
Dead.
Flavor of what?
Dead.
Yeah.
For loco.
Travis, do you not, are you not?
Are you liking a bubble?
What is that?
Are you a bubble boy?
Apparently.
For loco is like, um, I don't know, locally we have sparks.
I don't know if you.
Oh, it's so much worse than that though.
Is it worse than sparks?
Yeah.
It's like that.
They just, the FDA just said their for loco is illegal.
People call it a blackout in a can.
Oh.
Yeah.
Um, we make a beverage.
I don't know if we've talked about it on the show before.
The trash, the trash.
I'm almost afraid.
I'm afraid to talk about it.
Griffin.
I'm afraid to unleash.
I feel like we shouldn't, like we almost shouldn't talk about it because we're going
to get imitators and then someone will almost certainly die and then that shit will be on
us.
Um, anyway, hypothetically, but not, not encouraged to do this.
Don't do it at all, but it's really cheap and it gets you real fucked up.
Uh, you take a 40 ounce of malt liquor, drink it to the label, refill it with an energy
beer and then you drink that whole thing.
You drink the entire production.
It costs you like $6 and six years of your life.
Yeah.
It, it, I, I imagine it's the same thing as a four loco, but I can't imagine anything
being more, um, I don't know, horrible than a trash monkey.
So that's why I don't, I don't buy into this whole four loco fervor.
Let me tell you though, that a trash monkey, it sounds gross and it is, um, but I am a
gentleman with a strong.
Is it racist?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's beautiful.
Um, I am a man with a strong tolerance.
I can't handle two of them.
Like two of them puts me on my ass.
Like you only need one.
It's the most beautiful drink.
Don't ever drink it.
Don't do it.
Don't ever drink it.
In fact, don't drink four loco.
Don't drink Sparks.
Don't drink.
I've never understood the logic of an energy beer.
Like man, I don't want to get real fucked up and also real coherent.
I like the thing about it is that your body has one defense against not drinking itself
to death and that's sleepy time.
It's your, it's your body say wrestling you to the ground saying, all right, dummy, we're
done.
The night is over.
And four loco like disengages that whole situation.
It's taking the safety off.
Yeah.
It's not good.
You know what else disengages that whole situation?
Cocaine.
Like this, it's six in one half dozen in the other, except one has kind of a fun name.
That's true.
Like cocaine is a fun name.
It is a fun name.
It's fun to say.
I'm going to drink just, I think that you guys need to start taking care of yourselves
and by you guys, I mean anyone's who's ever drank a four loco.
You're better than that.
You're better than that.
Like drinking is such a wonderful experience that that is classy and like, I feel like
this is the complete like opposite of classy.
Sometimes things go bad when you're drinking all night and it's like, oh man, that didn't
go so well.
Most of them you have a great experience.
You have a bad experience, but like four loco is like actively saying like, this is going
to be a disaster.
Like this is going to be a wreck.
This is going to be a bad night.
It seems like the kind of thing that if you were with a friend, they should be honor bound
to smack it out of your hand.
Yeah.
Don't let your friends, don't let friends drink.
Four loco.
Four loco.
They stop them.
Unless they're like party friends.
Unless they want to get down.
Like if you want to get down, if you want to get down, fuck it.
Let's do some whippets and headbutt each other, but like let's not waste money on four loco.
Let's fucking put some football helmets on and hit each other with bowling pins to mix
it up.
Yeah.
Chop it out.
And do whippets.
God damn it.
I need a whippet right now.
How about instead of a whippet.
Why do you want a dog?
I can give you a question.
Many of our good friends have been getting engaged recently.
I'm happy for them, but the idea of being engaged right now really freaks me out.
I'm in a relationship and my boyfriend has started talking about us getting engaged.
I've explained my commitment phobia, but I fear he will ask soon anyway.
That's real love.
I love him.
So I should.
Should I say yes, even though I'm terrified?
Potential runaway bride.
Gmail.
Oh, that's good.
That's encouraging.
This question confuses me.
What's that?
Well, just because, like, it seems like she doesn't understand the commitment she's making
while stating she's afraid of commitment.
Like if he asked, should I just say yes, even though I don't really want to know.
It's a pretty big deal to say, yeah, like you fully shouldn't do that.
Like, yeah, definitely not that.
It's not like a placeholder bookmark that you can back out of later, you know, just
like, yes.
She's not saying she doesn't want to, though.
She's saying she's terrified.
You can be terrified of things that are good for you, like the dentist.
I think you need to walk this whole idea back and figure out what it is that's scaring you
so much.
Because you know what?
It may be that you just, I'm not going to cast aspersions on your relationship.
This person may be great.
It may be that you're not looking forward to spending a lifetime with them.
That may not be it.
There are many reasons you could be terrified.
But just to be sort of randomly terrified of it, like to just be scared of commitment
without a real reason to, may mean that there's something else going on in there, in the old
heart.
What if it's simpler than that?
What if she just sees her friends getting engaged?
A great deal of my friends have gotten engaged this past year, like a lot of them.
I would say probably 90% of my high school graduating class.
And I see them together, I'm like, that's such a wicked bad idea.
Not the idea of getting engaged in general, but just you two together, nuh-uh.
The worst idea.
So maybe you're afraid that people will look at you like that, or maybe you're all afraid
you'll be like that.
Which I guess makes sense, you just got to be confident in your own and what you got
going and can't compare it to your friends.
I would say don't let that factor into it at all.
Don't let the idea that all of your friends are getting engaged, don't let that.
That has absolutely no bearing on your situation.
I think step one is you need to talk to your boyfriend and be like, hey, straight up, remember
two weeks ago when I said that I wasn't ready to get engaged?
Keep that in mind, that hasn't changed.
That is not something you need to bring up again right now.
I'll let you know when the time is right, but it is not now.
This is one of those weird situations where you having that fear should sort of preclude
the discussion.
If you're terrified of commitment and you express this to your BF and he still asks
you to get married, that may not be, he may not be ready.
That may not be the relationship you need to be in, because that's like, it's hard
being married.
Even if you love each other, it's tough, and that's not a good start to say, I really
don't want to do this.
Well, I do, so now you have to.
That's not a good start.
And plus, if neither of you are going anywhere, he might, here's probably what happened.
Everyone was getting engaged.
He brought up the idea of being engaged.
You backed off a little bit, so now he's even more freaked out, so he's trying to hold
on tighter.
He might force the issue because he's afraid of losing you, because all of a sudden you
weren't so down with the idea of being engaged, so you probably just need to make it clear
to him that it's not a reflection of the relationship between you two.
It's you and it's issues you have to work out on your own, so that he's not freaked
out.
Yeah, I sense from this email that you guys love each other.
I can tell that.
I sense a love there, but it sounds like you guys are one good long conversation away from
getting this sorted out.
It's like a convo needs to take place.
If it's not going to work out, there's always Griffin.
I can give you his phone number.
He's super nice.
Please ladies.
Ripe for the picking.
Ripe for the picking.
Like a delicious cherry.
One might even say over-ripe.
One might say he's developed some tendencies during his year of solitude that maybe are
not so attractive.
Maybe a few bruises on the fruit.
Maybe my rind is a little moldy, figuratively and literally.
Ladies are guys.
Ladies.
Line forms to the left.
Yeah, I'm not so picky anymore.
Just anybody.
Just take him.
Matchmaker.
Matchmaker.
Hey, I need some advice on saving money.
You've come to the right place.
Every time I get my allowance, I feel the urge to go buy something fabulous and amazing
that I want.
Not necessarily need.
Any tips that will result in the least amount of tears or tears tears because if it's tears
buy high-quality garments because that sure otherwise tears thanks grace form spring here's
a mbnbm rule to live by if you are still getting allowance you don't have to be worried about
saving that is correct um in fact you don't have to worry about shit everything's awesome
you're eight just chill for a while just chill out you don't need to say you know i would
do if i was eight and didn't have a job or like any sort of uh things to worry about
i'm just like sitting in a bath all day let's go sit in a bath all day that's have you thought
about grace have you thought about just chilling in a bath you know what i would do with my
allowance if i was eight high rate mutual fund yeah yeah yeah definitely an investment
down on ira you're never too young never too young grace i don't think you're eight but
i seriously this is not a joke if you're getting allowance you don't need to worry about saving
you need to blow it buy some like on whippets you're young you'll recover eight i started
whippets when i was eight yeah wait unless you're trying to save up for like some awesome
purchase like you're saving up to buy a tv for your room or something no fuck it no fuck
it because you could wait 10 weeks and get that tv or you could have 10 straight weeks
of nothing but whippets and bubble tape don't say bubble tape flavored whippets don't save
money uh because if you want things just get them what if you save your money to get hit
by a truck i was gonna say this because of people saving that the economy is going downhill
we gotta spend spend spend yeah great spend money like you were dying grace you're the
the the kindling on which our feeble economy is building back into a blazing inferno of
prosperity and and america is the zippo that's gonna set you on fire yeah so grace in closing
set yourself on fire set yourself on fire and spend all your money or set your money
on fire there it is there it is hey when did our podcast turn into mad money when people
started asking us questions about money it's their problem ask here's the question we need
to get should i ever ask you guys about money answer no there's your you know i have actually
been so excellent with money since i moved to chicago do you guys want to know my secret
tell me anytime i have the opportunity to spend money i say nah and i i do something
else instead okay i like that yeah it's just many people like hey how do i drink less soda
it's pretty cool actually um you don't drink soda anymore okay it is that easy it really
is grace i mean if you're really serious about saving money take half the money you get and
put it in a shoe box or a hundred percent of it just it's gone you never got that money
yeah when when you see something you want think do i want this or do i need it and say
well i'll leave it here now and if i still want it in like three days i'll come back
and buy it and by that point you've forgotten about it yeah i you know another good one
that works when you're at a store and you want something think to yourself it's probably
cheaper on the internet i'll buy when i get home then you want to think about it again
you won't or just shoplift just take it or take as you want how about this you get like
we'll say 20 for for your allowance right you spend five of that on one whip it okay
and you do it you do all of it really fast and then you will literally forget about the
other 15 okay because that part of your brain will be there do you guys know how many problems
can be served with the the liberal application of whip it the thing is it's important you
gotta be thinking about the 15 as you do the whip it right it's like eternal sunshine of
the spotless mind i got you got you the whippets hey do you guys know that i don't know what
a whip it is moving on um my 21st birthday is a few months away i'd like to throw a fun
party but i don't drink and i'd rather not have people drinking at my party what are
some fun ideas for a sober 21st sincerely the life of the party does this person not
understand that when you when you turn 21 that's the day that you're allowed to drink
right here's a fun idea do some drinking just get some four locos and some trash monkeys
and then just like just get it all out of the way in one night i i would love to like
actually give a real answer i mean but besides like board games but even board games are
more fun when you get a little tipsy and everyone gets stupid i mean like a good answer it's
like saying uh i came downstairs uh on december the 25th and my christmas tree was ablaze
and all my presents were ashes how could i have a fun christmas like you can't you can't
because here's the thing and you are an adult now and it's time to have some adult fun when
you turn like 40 yeah you can you can kick it and you can be like i don't want to drink
anymore i'm old but right now part you if there are people at your party that wish they
were drinking you have a bullshit party wait okay it's not a good party just you gotta
not have a party you can't listen you can't have a party it's gonna be so depressing you
can't do it i feel like i feel like we need to be more clearly spoken because it sounds
like we're saying hey pussy like grab a beer pussy um which we're not but you can't i don't
know it would be a bad idea for you to throw a 21st birthday party and then forbid people
to drink that's exactly what you you don't have to drink like whatever if you if that's
not your scene that's totally awesome um you know stand stick stick by your guns uh but
i don't know i think it would be a little it's like having a pudding announcing you're
having a pizza party and then not allowing anyone to eat pizza because not every party
has to have booze at it but when you announce it's your 21st birthday there's a connotation
to that where everyone goes turning 21 and then you're like no dbyob don't bring your
own booze and that's sad that is depressing for everyone it's like it would be like having
a quinceanera without a nice dress or any waltzes how many of us can we turn out it's
like having um oh come on come apparently exactly that many apparently it's like having
a dirt bike rally without any dirt bikes yeah sure yeah um it's like having a john cougar
melon camp listening party and then not allowing anyone to wear any denim yeah it's like it's
like making a bunch of jokes about whippets and not knowing what whippets are what a whip
it is it's basically like that i think you just need to ask yourself why you don't want
people drinking at the party because you you can you can do that you can have a party and
police it and be like hey you you know you you're a little you're maybe a little tipsy
so don't um you know don't have any more but i can see if it's your 21st you don't want
a bunch of people doing something that makes you uncomfortable it's their pride it's their
birthday i have an answer laser tag that's what i was just about to say go to a place
that doesn't allow drinking and then my mind went to billy bobs and then my mind went to
laser tag that's fucking incredible laser tag and then my mind went to tackling eight
year old kids and saying who's who's the man now dog sure um get drunk on laser tag prowess
yeah um or you could do like a fancy dinner at a fancy restaurant where people could drink
if they wanted to but it's not at your house you're not throwing the party so it doesn't
matter to you if people are drunk at a restaurant because nobody gets drunk at a restaurant
these are all good suggestions also uh whippets whippets hey i've got a i've got a yahoo answers
question oh okay i'm gonna make you go back to back but go ahead give it to me this one
was sent in by curly head poet uh yahoo answers user an animal lover wait one more time an
animal lover uh-huh uh asks how big of a turn off is this parentheses for guys one
of my nipples points inwards and won't come out aka inverted nipple is this a big turn
off or not a big issue it's like the issue it's like the whole thing that's the thing
it is a major issue that is the issue it is the the the pre-eminent issue of our time
is that is that thing you said aka inverted nipple did you guys know that that is an alternate
name that we can call this aka my time alone aka shy nipple shy nipple come on out oh hey
um hey it's it's basically like my situation is like uh areola and then a basin like a
basin in the middle i've got a concave nipple kind of deal you could eat cereal out of it
is that normal i have one more crevice for the guys for my brother my brother made to
fill with wisdom right now any nipple a nipple and there's nothing's coming there it's just
an any nipple uh in how much of a turn off is it i think that it's i think that it's
not a turn off so much as it is uh fraud it is a fraudulent uh relationship that you've
entered into this gentleman he will have you tried in a federal court of law i want you
guys to follow me on this okay the only way to combat a turn off is with a turn on and
nothing is sexier than confidence my advice is to walk up to someone in a bar say hey
my name is tanya i have one inverted nipple what's up what's up what's up you don't believe
me click click booyah um play your cards right say say play your cards right maybe you'll
find out if i'm lying and then that that evening you will confirm that you were not lying um
yeah build a mystery around it that's that's the best yeah that's the best when you take
off your shirt look down and scream where'd it go whoa get out of here he's nervous no
one will ever love me and then you'll make that person be like well it's not so bad and
then you're like well it's like now you're mine now you've already been committed to
me um it's very bad it's a very bad thing it's a very bad thing um can i can i bust
out some of the responses yeah please yeah um winky emoticon face okay uh which is not
like spelled out it literally is one uh responded if he loves you he won't care if he doesn't
love you he will it seems like kind of a binary like i don't think that this is a black or
white issue i think that there can be degrees of grayness um in between it's got to be some
weird beard fantasy right like it's got to be somebody who's like i love it i hate when
girls have two that stick out i want to retch or when they have two that go in but when
they're one in one like husky eyes yeah i want i have you considered wearing a patch
over that one so when things get really intimate you're like you lift it up how about that
how confused is that baby gonna be how confused is her baby gonna be so hungry so hungry but
it's actually drawing milk out of me i it's it's like it's gonna be like the the uh el
ranchero near my house like no matter how hungry you are it never seems like it's open
you know keep coming back it's like again really what am i gonna do god uh it just most
importantly don't get aroused because it'll probably stop your heart yeah your nipple
is attached to a lot of important organs yeah you'll stop your heart uh you will you will
have to go to a hospital for a dead um how much of a turn off is it for guys i'm i pulls
a nipple a nipple's a nipple right i mean no matter how fucked up it is yeah no matter
how a boob's a boob's a boob i mean the guy is going to be he probably won't notice the
first time i mean god love him guys aren't the smartest um it's probably not going to
be that big of a deal as much as a production we've made out of it um i mean now that we
know though like if i ever if i ever saw it um i'm sure that that would be a very sensitive
that's a sensitive moment when you first see someone um naked that you probably don't want
their immediate reaction to be what you need to get a tattoo under that nipple that says
not an exit or or just like just it says deal oops that or like build it up like boy you're
not gonna believe what i've got for you like nothing you know in some cultures you've been
with the rest now be with the inverted nipple which is what i'm packing i i ruin which one
you take a guess you take which one will it be it's the left there i cannot keep a secret
these are the two things you need to know about me i have one inverted nipple i cannot
keep a secret also my heart is stopping so things are going pretty good on this date
i guess um i want to hear griffin's last question uh but first quick housekeeping things we
have officially do have a big new round of merchandise that you should be purchasing
at mbmbam.com you'll see a link there on the right hand side with the pictures of all this
the sweatshirts we've got uh three new t-shirts uh red logo shirt the brown pack your bags
uh pinkish purplish lilacish orchid orchid is what it is ladies t-shirt um we've got
uh two hooded sweatshirts brown and a navy blue uh and the the proceeds from those that
we make go to uh big brothers big sisters we've got a coffee mug it's a ton of stuff
there um you'll notice our our provider is changing uh it's always been well i mean it's
not technically changing it's it's ninja bot has always been our uh provider he is changing
his organization to uh level up studios um it's uh i like that better i think yeah it's
it's a better name and also rocky horror is working on his tunes now for the show uh one
titled tristan one titled fuck it yes if you haven't seen it yet get on youtube search
um uh mbmb am cuts up or bird flu cuts up mbmb am i think that's what it called it's
called uh and it's like a sample of what it's gonna sound like it is so fresh it is so inconceivably
fresh um yeah it's it's it's pretty incredible um is there anything else we need to need
to i what what i realized something tell me for all of you new people that are just starting
in at the beginning of the show you'll hear a very humorous disclaimer that is by our
friend bob ball um if you don't follow him on twitter his name is vo bob ball he is a
wonderful gentleman he posted a video about the mbmb am shirt on vacation in vegas it
is bob ball vo just oh bob ball vo my bad uh he also sent me a lovely birthday present
which i would like to thank him for oh me too um he sent me one too thanks yeah it's
a callback you know what i changed my mind bob eat it whoa uh i thank you uh dances for
spreading the word on on twitter um to everybody who gave us the follow fridays and the sharing
the quotes we love that see that on on twitter um just use the mbmb am hashtag and remember
if you're going to promote us don't start with at mbmb am because that uh will only
go to us to us people follow us already also we haven't talked about this in a while um
listening parties if you want to have a listening party um i think our rule is more than or
four or more people right and there have to be some some new listeners in there you have
to evangelize but uh if you do that uh and send us an email with the subject uh mbmb
am listening party we will record a very special message just for you we've we have been keeping
up with that in fact we just recorded uh jeff mondlock the the original mbmbam listening
party holder mbmbam uh what is it fan club alpha uh just had their 11th party so they
got another special uh extra special length message uh and of course we need to shout
them out in the show because i mean they're soldiers even when we don't do the show they
still they still rally um so uh follow their example and and get together with some friends
and share the show with people that you love so uh griffin i think we're ready for that
big last question oh oh one more thing um i think the podcast award dot awards.com thing
is still going on i mean if you're wanting to maybe throw a vote our way podcast awards.com
vote for us that'd be great thank you best best home and garden show that category um
i feel like what are we telling people to do actually i don't we haven't comedy i guess
yeah we've gotten a couple of best we're gonna be in 20th place in all the categories best
inspirational podcast best religious podcast oh i think we're inspirational as fuck uh
even we've waited long enough uh this one was sent in by jacob locker who's i this is
like 10th show in a row 20th every episode he's he's everywhere uh thank you jacob it's
by yahoo answers user dante who asks what helpful tip could you give to attract a lady
pharmacists i'm just mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm griffin mcroy this is what my brother
my brother made kiss your dad school around the lips keep your heart three stacks keep
your heart hey keep your heart three stacks keep your heart man these girls smart three
stacks keep your heart man these girls smart three stacks these girls smart play your card
