The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Welcome my brothers, my brother, me, and my ship for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy, and we are all a fever for Super Bowl Sunday. Big, big game. I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, big game Sunday. The commish, the commish might be listening, because god knows he's not
busy governing the rules of the NFL, right guys? Nice, sit burn. Right, maybe governing them
too much, depending on what the popular wisdom is that will make us seem plugged in. That
touchdown in that Broncos game was highly suspect. I'm just excited, see a lot of people say they
watch the Super Bowl for the commercials, I watch it for the concussions. I wanna see someone have
some lasting damage. Sure. I watch it for those awesome plays where the dude can't get over the
line so he dives over everyone. God those are awesome. I love those divers. I love the plays
where a shirtless man runs out of the stands and has soy bomb written on his chest, and dances
around midfield. That's a real shame that that is your wheelhouse Justin, because that's an
incredibly rare, it's like, not a frequent occurrence. I watch the big game specifically
for the Star Spangled Banner. Who's dropping it on us this year? I have no idea. So you don't
really read up? No, I like to surprise myself with that. I try not, no spoilers, you know what I mean?
They're gonna wheel out a small television of a pre-recorded video of Beyonce singing it.
Now are we gonna have, I know that there's a tradition of sort of supplementary bowls. Oh
yeah. There's of course the Bud Bowl. I'm way more excited for the Puppy Bowl. Oh the Puppy Bowl,
I didn't know they were still doing that. Yeah they're doing it, and now they have, I think this
year they have like Piglet Cheerleaders or some shit. They're really getting out of town. They're
getting very commercial. Oh they've sold out. Yeah. I'm actually starting my own Puppy Bowl as
part self-entertainment, part protest. Oh kind of like an underground Puppy Bowl. An underground
Puppy Bowl. It's a lot more, like the puppies are more like into the sport, you know, they're more
into the game of it, so they're a lot, they're way more violent. So an X, maybe like the XFL of Puppy.
It's the XFL. So like arena Puppy Bowl. There's arena Puppy Bowl. I have a tiny, a tiny schnauzer
called He Hate Me. He's in the mix. You're welcome XFL fans. XFL fans really loved that He Hate Me
goof. And if you don't know about that one, google that. You're gonna love it. You're gonna love that
guy. But I'm having a lot of problems with dog, dog fatalities. Griffin, can you describe to me
sort of the, the, I'm sure you're, you're using different rules. Yeah it's more, it's sort of,
describe to me the flow of play. Right, we're basically talking about a one-on-one sort of
street ball, except they usually just ignore the ball altogether and just try to kill each other.
And, but like in, I guess in their defense, like there's a bunch of people standing around in a
circle screaming and throwing money. Griffin, Griffin, I'm sorry. Yeah, wait. It's, it sounds,
sounds a lot like the love of the game, right? No, it sounds, it sounds, it sounds like you're
hosting a dog fighting ring. It sounds like a dog fighting, yeah, a dog, is there a ball?
There is a, there is a ball, but it's sort of like, it's a little off to the side,
you know. Sure. Is, is there any kind of referee or like rule system? No, XFL baby, love of the
game, love of the sport. Or maybe is there a ruff-ery? No, this is the kind of games you can
expect from our hinted question. Did you guys introduce yourselves? I'm Travis McElroy. I'm
Griffin, I'm Griffin McElroy. Please don't call any cops or animal cops or, I realize, like saying
all these things out loud. Yeah, don't call the dog, please. Don't call dog the bunny, bunny hunter.
Let's get into the advice. What do you mean dog the bounty hunter? Only specifically hunted dogs
for sport. You mean the dog bounty hunter. It's just a switching of the article there.
Boba Pat. Guys, Boba Pat. Boba Pat. Are we gonna give advice? I'd like to, yes. I hang out with
this girl at my office. We take our lunches together and chat all day. She makes work fun.
Lately, she keeps telling me how attracted she is to me and how it makes her feel awful because she
has a boyfriend and now has suggested we stop hanging out all together. I like her. I think she's
a cute girl, but I just want to keep on being office buddies. Oh my God. How do I get her to
stop obsessing about how handsome she thinks I am? I don't know, but when you figure it out,
you tell me, brother. Just joke around and have fun like the old days. That's from just friends
in Florence, Kentucky. This guy sounds a lot like when you were in high school and everybody gets
their physicals to join the wrestling team and the one guy comes back and is like, yeah,
apparently the doctor said my wiener is abnormally enormous. Sure, pal. Sure, friend. Too big for
contention. It's in a whole nother weight class. I don't know. He said I couldn't do wrestling time.
I think if you really want to get serious about this, you got to go full man in the iron mask.
Yeah, that's really the deal. I was sitting here thinking, I'm glad you said it first Griffin,
because it almost seemed too obvious, but yeah, definitely man in the iron mask,
lock your face in sort of a prison of iron. Sure. I don't remember man in the iron mask,
but I think it was because the queen was sexually attracted to Leo DiCaprio because why wouldn't she
be? And so the king was like, I got to lock it up. Got to lock that sweet face up. And he did,
locked it right up. And yeah, because they couldn't handle his beauty. Made him look like
Ultraman a little bit. I feel like they were mixing their time periods a little bit.
Yeah, it got a little mixed up. I did like it when he got his repulsor raised and started
legways to the bad guys in France. Yeah. That was pretty cool. The man in the iron man. Yeah.
I don't understand this question. Well, see, she's into him, but he's just not that into her.
But is she really into him or is this like, I'm really bored at the office and you're kind of cute.
It sounds like she wants to get a Jim Pam thing going, but her heart's not fully in it.
She still loves Roy. Giving you the half Jim Pam. And that's-
Because I find that that kind of thing doesn't work when you blatantly spell it out to the other
person. Like, listen, I'm just going to lay all my cards on the table. I like you. I think you're
really handsome. I've got a boyfriend. I don't know. Is it, is it not? We'll find out.
We'll find out on this climactic season finale of The Shitty Office.
The problem, the problem with your situation is you're trying to push the story forward too fast.
She's wanting that like season six Jim and Pam. Oh, right. And you're still in that season one
Jim and Pam where you may not even yet realize that she's the girl for you. Right. Right. Whatever
you do, don't get fast forwarded. Don't get the season eight Jim and Pam where it's like,
is there a new love interest? Of course there's not. Of course there's not. I'm a fucking adult
the office. Don't talk to me like I'm a child. Do you think you could just really lay it out for
it? Like, listen, I appreciate you think I'm handsome, but let me tell you this ain't never
gonna happen. It's never gonna happen between you and me. Can you sing a few verses of never
gonna get it except I guess change the words to never gonna happen as just suggested.
Never gonna happen. I need you guys on harmony. Never gonna happen. I can edit it. I can edit
it in. You know what I always hated about that song? Sorry to completely change. Didn't you guys
hate it when like they edit the song to make it sound like they were cutting back to the radio
and then they would bring it back for like another like another stanza? You remember that?
Yeah, I got excited because like I always feel whatever an invoke song ends, I always get a
mild depression when I think, oh God, I can't believe it's over already. I know. And then wait,
it's not. I know. It really ruins your expectations for all other radio music though, right?
Right. Just wait, it's coming back. It's gonna come back on. Hotel California. Hotel California
goes off and you're like, wait, it's coming back. I know it. Encore. Ah, fuck. Here comes the drop.
The Hotel California drop. I can honestly say that no one has ever listened to Hotel California and
wished it would come back on. Oh man, I wish there was more of that Eagles song. I mean,
because it's good news for whoever feels that way. You could just switch to a different channel. And
hey, it's on there too. Yeah, it's probably on somewhere else. You know, normally I push an
honest discussion on this sort of thing, but I think you have to be respectful of the fact that
if this woman is into you, then it may be hard for her to just do the friend thing. I mean,
that may not be easy for her. Yeah, it's fine. We don't usually get the question from this side.
You know, we get a lot of that, like the person telling the question asker that they are not
interested and just want to be friends. I think that when that happens, like you got to respect
it and to say, hey, drop it and just be cool again. That's kind of being a little bit inconsiderate of
her feelings. You know, she's trying to do the right thing and say, I've got a boyfriend. I'm
attracted to you. This isn't right. We shouldn't hang out anymore. And for you to try to push it,
I think there's a little callous. So maybe just give it some time. And as with most things,
eventually it'll get back to a place where you guys can probably hang out. The good news about
the human heart is that if she tries to deny herself, you, you're going to become more
attractive than you could have ever possibly been before. You'll be a tantalizing, forbidden fruit
hanging from the branch of the HR department. And she has, and you know that that is a feeling
everyone has always wanted to have. Yeah. Give this, give this thing six more months of you
ice it, putting it directly on ice. And then after those six months coming in your bicycle shorts,
she will literally explode. She will literally, she will literally disintegrate at the subatomic
level. Yeah. And if all else fails, you could maybe go with like a really overly sculpted
facial hair and just really turn her right off the whole side. Oh yeah. Like the guy from
hunger games. That would be great. Just stop bathing. Just really, why don't you just garbage
yourself up? Like real good. Next time she's like, listen, you're too attractive. Next time
she says you're too attractive and she can't, she just can't help herself. Have her put her hand
on a chair and then you sit on the chair and you fart on the top of her hand. And then you
put on a trilby. Then you're done. You are out. This is my fart cap. This is your fart
hat. Do you enjoy my trilby? My overly sculpted facial hair? We are in love. No? Bye. And then
you're fine. You can be friends again. I guess that will work. That would work. You'd have a
crazy story to tell all your other friends. Did you bring in a yahoo answer questions? I brought
a small satchel. Open up that drawstring. Let me pull open this drawstring and reach deep down.
This one is actually surprisingly pretty germane. It was sent in by Ira Ray. Are you Ira Ray? Who
wants to know? I like sometimes you give us both parts. Sometimes you just give us who wants to
know. If I thought you guys would give me who wants to know, I would stop delivering it. But
I know it'll never happen. Maybe maybe it's Christmas. I would also like to point out from
our emails this week how many people are utterly confused when Justin does that. Some people don't
get it. Some people love it. My friend Anna here here in Austin listens. It's her favorite thing
in the show, which makes me question everything about her. And our show. It's asked by yahoo
answers user Ahmed who asks what to get for ex-co-workers for Valentine's Day. I left the
company a month ago and want to surprise them by sending them something. What is a good surprise
gift for three female friends I used to work with? They are between 25 and 35. Please nothing
too suggestive. If they're your former co-workers and you get them a Valentine's Day present,
trust me, it will be a surprise gift. Yeah. And it will be suggestive too. Unless it's like
erasers like these. Why did we get shit from you? Some silly bands. Why did Tony send us some shit?
Like I don't even remember that the shape of that dude's face because I don't. I hardly knew it when
we worked together and that was nigh upon a month ago. I don't care if you send them a shitty cut
out Valentine that says like you complete bees and then there's a picture of bees. Yeah. Uh,
they still are going to think that you're upset. I don't care if you send them a Ziploc bag full
of bees. I don't care. You come into the office covering your bees. And then on the bag you've
scrawled out let's be buzz like buds so that people get. You really missed it because you
could have had bee in there and it would have been let's be but you blew it. Let's be buzz.
Be mine. And then like your platonic intention couldn't be any more clear or thorough and they
would still think you're trying to fuck. Yeah. I think the idea. Will you be my honey? Ah damn it.
That was nice. Really good. I think the idea. Be mine. Okay stop. You're drunk on power. I want to
dip my proboscis deep in your stamen and suck up the sweet humors of your your sweet leaves.
As friends. As buds. As buzz though. I think that getting Valentine's Day presents for anyone that
is not your significant other is just stupid. Right. I think back to when I was in elementary
school and how you get valentines for everybody in your class. Like teacher, bro friends, like
ladies that you are interested in but are clearly so so so far outside of your of your price range
because they already had their braces and you are still coming out. Such a minefield. You have to
consider everyone has a different message on it and they're in varying states of plutonicness.
Right. So you have to weigh like is who is going to get this card and then you have like and then
and then you have like and then so so once you get that sorted out who's gonna get the appropriate
message. You fuck up. Then you have like 20 cards on your desk of like signals. Right. Just sort
through. You switch. You have mild ass burgers. You switch one envelope. You switch one envelope
of your Spider-Man themed valentines and give like weirdo Barry in the corner the one that
has Mary Jane on it saying like looking good tiger. You're done. You're done. Sorry. Change goals.
You are done. Become a Catholic. Go to the Catholic school. You're done. Change your name.
Fugue state. Pack them up. Move them away. You are donezo. Frozen in carbonite. Wait for a hundred
years. Thaw you out and then and only then can you start to rebuild your life. Hopefully. Until
until the creepy kid's grandson remembers you as that guy. The legacy of your ultimate shame will
will follow you through generations. Legend tells of a young man he handed out the wrong valentine
and then disappeared into the mist. I don't I do not envy this dude or anybody who feels
like they have to buy a valentine's day present for anybody other than like I only buy a valentine's
day gift for one person my fiance my finance and like that is already like puts a crippling amount
of pressure on me if I had to double that or apparently is this person thinks quadruple that
like I was gonna say the issue here is that this gentleman is not being honest with himself
because I'd be willing to bet if this dude's wanting to buy presents for these three ladies
he is in love with at least one of them. I don't know. Yeah right he's trying to lay down smokescreen
but he probably doesn't even realize it himself. All right let me free everybody up from uh some
some of the pressure here. You know what Sidney and I get each other from time to time every year?
What? What's that? Nothing. You know why? It's not because we don't love each other it's because I've
already given herself I've already given to Sidney my time and my consideration. Yeah. I've given her
my life and your body as the greatest gift of all. Well my body my best years. You've given her your
physical love? I gave her my my physical sexual peak uh to our marriage and honestly I I we make
each other feel like we love each other every day. Yeah. I don't wait for a dumb ass like thing. I
buy Teresa flowers like randomly throughout the course of the year I don't need I don't need like
a day to be like hey dummy that's great sweet today. Hey you know what guys I'm actually thinking
about uh getting up in the attic and getting the Christmas tree out again. What the fuck are you
talking about? Love should be a once a once a year thing. Why why can't we give presents and have love
for each other every day? Why do we have to wait for Christmas? It's the middle of September so
where are the Easter eggs? Good luck. Griffin are you suggesting that we should only be allowed to
love each other? You should withhold your affection until one day. Some kind of horrible 1984-esque
world in which somebody was holding hands and so they had to be re-educated. Are you saying Justin
that we should be able to eat turkey and stuffing whenever the fuck we want? No we do it on
Thanksgiving because that's when you do that thing because it's when the Indians and Pilgrims got
together and sorted it out. The I think we stopped celebrating it on the day when we saw a uh a little
person stripper at uh Southern Exposure and we kind of knew after that like well we were not
gonna top this. She actually had one move where she painted her boobs and then pressed her boobs
on a shirt and then sold the shirt. I need to know. I'm hoping for gas money home that's the only thing.
I need to delve into this. Did you go to Southern Exposure knowing that there was going to be a
a little person stripper there or was it a pleasant surprise? It was a pleasant surprise
Trav. We just happened to go on Valentine's Day because what else are you gonna do? I'm sure it
was full of other loving couples. Celebrate your love and watch Love Actually and eat chocolate
and look at the flowers. Love Actually is a Christmas movie? Oh it's a two times a year movie Justin.
Unlike Love which is apparently 365 days a year. I know I'm setting the bar so high. Do you think
if they allowed prisoners to have conjugal visits every day that jail jail would just be like I'm
going to jail cool because I can fuck every day if I want. It's you know what I've just been making
it once a day and once a year that makes it special. Yeah they should make everybody only
have conjugal visits on February 14th once annually because can you imagine the smell?
You could hear you could hear the love sounds down the street. Oh my god sounds like a mop
factory in there. Your your windows would shake like someone next door was listening to mystical
it would just be just a pounding resounding bass of incarcerated meat slapping against freedom.
Oh I I've had a brainstorm. Hit me. What if so Valentine's Day February 14th is you know the
day of love six months later the day of hate. Why? Wait a minute what? Right no that's just the day
of just like going up to the person you dislike at work and be like hey I hate you. Let's air in
his mouth you stink. I think you're a big old stinky Pete and I don't like you anymore. So
are you saying on August 18th every year we should just be like hey buddy fuck you. Yeah but then
that's gonna get confusing because then you have those three people that you used to work with a
month ago that you fucking hate and you don't know how to like send them dookie I guess. I don't know
what the I don't know what the protocol is for this holiday that you've just invented. What's
the proper amount of dookie to send to someone you don't work with anymore? How many can cups
are out? How do you translate uh liquid cups of dookie to solid dookie? What's the measurement
conversion? Could we go a single week without talking about converting solid dookie to liquid
dookie? Here's another question. A few months ago I rented out my second bedroom to a friend of mine.
He has since moved out but has left some things behind. He asked if I was interested in a few
items. I acquiesced because hey new couch. The issue stems from the rest of what he left behind.
Several boxes, DVD and the like, musical instruments, clothes, and shoes. I've texted him several times
in the past three months to pick up what he wants as I have other designs on uses for that bedroom.
And in parentheses here it says not sex dungeon which is the surest way of convincing me that you
are in fact making a sex dungeon. I would feel shitty giving him an ultimatum and I don't want
to do something to damage our friendship such as simply selling or pitching all of it. But I also
don't want to feel as though my hospitality has been taken advantage of. That's from Tumultuous
in Toronto. Um your hospitality is being taken advantage of. That's precisely what's happening.
You have nailed it. Yeah you you really read this you read this room. I don't understand like what
he's left all this shit in your house is yours now. Is that the is that fucking sell it? Just
what are you talking about? Hey my friend gave me a bunch of shit and I don't know what to do
with it. Just like sell it or use it. There's or throw it away. I feel like if it is a concern
it is completely is not an ultimatum and not well I mean it is but it's not a horrible thing to do
to call him and say hey man I really need this room if you don't want this stuff I'm going to
get rid of it. I'm sorry this is crazy if you move you take your shit with you if you leave it behind
then it's he didn't pay for storage services with his shitty Davenport okay if you left it behind
it's it's he has no place. Have you guys met my friend shitty Davenport? Did you hear? Are you guys
going to the gas light tonight? I hear shitty Davenport. Um you know I had a roommate that
she decided that to move out and like her sister and her were getting an apartment and she ended up
just leaving a bunch of shit behind and so I threw it away. It's that easy. It's it's a super easy
thing to do. Throw it away. Step two relax. It drives me it drives me up a goddamn like I've
worked so hard to accrue the things that I've accrued I would never just leave it in somebody's
house and then write a box of DVDs that's what the hell that represents thousands of dollars in
value that you've accrued to like divest unless you're going full-blown divestation of your shit
so that you can you know study yoga in on some mountain in a country leaving it all behind man
yeah like my stuff I'm a yogi now doesn't make sense to me I like musical instruments what the
hell pretty much all my actions anymore like are based around getting physical objects out of my
home like I just don't want things here that don't make me happy and I worked or I used to be really
bad about accumulation like I I used to when I was in high school I would call like when when the
internet was first uh kicking off there used to be a lot of places where you could give them like
your mailing address information stuff like that and they would send you like free shit so you get
like a free I don't know fanny pack or stickers or sample of detergent or whatever and I would
like sign up for all that shit and now I'm doing basically the opposite where I I will mail my
things to you if you want them like I hope for free I just do you want my things sure we all do
the worst thing you could do to me is leave a box in my home that's like you these aren't yours
and you can't throw them away so just handle this what is your friend saying when you call him
him like oh yeah all right talk to you later oh I have stuff there cool
I don't like you need to come get your box oh you don't go call your friend say come get your shit
or I'm throwing it away love you happy valentine's day click life isn't as hard as you make it
you just call him and say you're just no don't call him wait till trash day after the trash
man leave you put all of it in a trash bag and put it outside and you call him and go
like I'm 24 and then he just and then he has to come get it and it's the right sequence of
clock is very exciting for him it's thrilling for you because it's fucking uh Ramones poster
isn't in your den anymore right could you I have a good idea is if you why don't you have a yard sale
or like a Jeff sale because you're selling all of Jeff's things and then you take the proceeds from
the Jeff sale and you take him out to a nice dinner and then afterwards you'd be like I got
the check and he's like that's nice of you it's actually it's actually nice of you let me put it
put it this way I I'm tipping him your freaks and geeks DVD set so pick up that knife and fork and
carve off a piece of that tuba that you used to have and dip it dip it in that copy of freaks and
geeks and eat it you're gonna love it this can you use the musical instrument he left to write
him a little song about how you sold all those things I think you'd appreciate that I actually
sold your tuba to buy this tuba so I could write you this song this smaller shittier tuba
your tuba it's a gift of the magi right uh let's go to the money
first message for you got on here it's for Ron to cars and use the message from Trav it's from Lauren
and doubt doubt you or deity I doubt you got that right the message is this I love you Ron
I love you so much no don't add any the message the message is perfect leave it unaltered
I love you Ron happy 24th birthday forever okay well now hold on back up okay you can't
wish Ron the only okay the only context which this makes sense if this is going to be Ron's last
birthday we've cryogenically frozen Ron trapping him in his 24th birthday we wake him up for one
minute a year I don't want to tell I don't want to tell Lauren her business but here on the my
brother my brother and me Jumbotron we allow you 350 characters to get your message across you have
left money on the table you have less left at least 280 monies on the make us say any words
and the words you wish how does wish is Ron an eternal message that by definition can only last
one calendar year or maybe you're wishing him to be stuck in some kind of infinite loop
so uh by the way if you want to uh wish someone uh happy eternal perfect if you pray if you plan
on uh having one of your friends taxidermied uh you can get it maximumfund.org forward slash
Jumbotron and uh and uh you can sign up there to get a birthday message or whatever kind of message
you want spot corporate sponsorships we got them whenever you want and if you pay for a corporate
sponsorship you can be like our god at this point I'm gonna say partners our partners that's
friends dot com partners partners in butt crime partners in butt crime uh do you want penis
do you want unique I was just picturing that I was just picturing that scene in in the the
police headquarters that they've struck again the partners in butt crime they've stolen another one
I uh I want to I want to actually uh wanted to I know we've only had great things to say
about extremistraints.com by the way if you go to extremistraints.com it's a a massive adult
toy store super site if you use a coupon code MIDDLELIST you can save 20 percent um but I I
never I I I never thought it would come to this but I actually I have beef with uh extremistraints.com
uh our sort of uh our our relationship is is a partnership it's built on the fact that
we offer very different services but really not that not that different though because I like
that all of our advice is aimed at helping you get fucked like ultimately everything we tell
you is aiming towards that end goal that's the where yeah that's the end goal here's the here's
the problem though I'm looking uh at their uh they're starting to infringe a little bit I'm
looking at their selection of gags oh no now this is too bad this is unfortunate first off
they have ball gags yeah okay that's kind of our thing but go on and then they have very clearly
uh infringing penis gags and that's like a half of our basically yeah that's like 98 percent of our
of our of our gags and then perhaps most upsettingly they have a category called
pony bit gags and I'm sorry guys that's like practically TM all right that's kind of our thing
is pony gags like the pony bits and horse bits like that's kind of our shtick like what what
I'm glad they don't have ghost gags I know because then it would be the then I think we would we
would have to get into some lawsuit territory um if I were to add a great cross-branding idea
yeah okay I'm gonna say three words Bob Ball gags oh no I don't think so I don't want this I don't
think uh my brother my brother and me officially announced that Bob Ball would want to put his name
or branding on something like that I'm just saying um we're gonna be rich if I'm gonna call beef out
on Extreme Restraints my only beef with them is that now in Google Chrome whenever I'm in the
search or address bar and I press the letter e Extreme Restraints is what autofills that is how
frequently I have visited this website that is convenience Griffin that is that you are right
about that so head to ExtremeRestraints.com it's with an a uh not an x as you might actually
there's actually a couple e's in there yeah there's a few e's in there it's a popular letter uh and
head there and use the coupon code MIDDLIST to save 20 uh oh good news guys if you forget the
it's still ExtremeRestraints.com so you are fine uh Griffin how about another yahoo sure this one
was sent in by Earl Parsons thanks Earl it's by yahoo answers user Harry who asks is it possible
to fall in love on yahoo answers bye everyone are there answers um there are there are um a lot of
people saying some pretty disparaging things to Harry I'll be honest with you not a good day for
Harry not a good environment I think Harry by asking this question was sort of casting a net
of sorts a sexual net available on Extreme Restraints um and I think that he did not get
the responses that he was looking for yeah but at the same time it can't happen that's how
I I'm pretty sure that's how Manteo found his suitor yeah they seem to be very happy and also
it's worth noting I have not read anything for the past three weeks so the love story of the
sports love story of the decade the sports love story yeah right it's like Brian's song but with
a real woman um one in six marriages guys one in six yeah Justin that's how you met online that's
how you met Sydney right is that you asked um why the chess pieces in chess were called what they
were called and she made it like shut the fuck up asshole yeah because she's on yahoo troll troll
lol lol troll troll lol lol lol and then which as we all know is internet code I love you you
voted that as she called me a chess bag with four g's I knew then I knew that it was real that was
real love um and then you voted that as top answer and it was top answer that was my way of saying
hello and that was like that was like your guys as you wish that was the moment um it's probably
happened right yeah I mean I would just everything is happening it seemed I would assume that this is
not an exception it seems like an awfully circuitous like why like a dating site alone is
like hard enough to find somebody who isn't awful isn't the worst and those have all these like
heuristics built into them to help you find what you're looking for yahoo answers is like a fucking
masquerade ball like there's no way of knowing what's going on it's a lot more like chaos theory
you know what I mean the problem that this question asker how they were they were almost too
sick they were too direct see if I was in this market I would go with my my question would be
something like help like to snuggle much longer than girlfriend enjoys okay uh says my gifts are
too extravagant how do I help help woman at work thinks I'm too handsome and too good at sex
too good a lover wearing out women
help sexual prime approaching
help running out of room for all these sex trophies is there a way to make your skin bigger
so all the muscles you have can fit inside of it help what do I do with all this money
people keep mistaking me for Adam Levine is he what women like I should what do women like
what men do women like now because back in the day you should just be Tom Hanks
help captured by criminals trying to extort money from Bradley Cooper's family
that one happened to me that isn't that was not a good time but you were also kidnapped by deaf
dumb and blind kidnappers so yeah so that was my silver lining were you kidnapped by Tommy
I was kidnapped by Tommy made me play pinball and then you watch Silver Linings Playbook
of course you can't finally fall in love on the audience you can fall in hate though
I happen to be dozens of times if you if August 18th is approaching and you're worried that you
won't have anyone to share hate day with don't worry all right Trevor I'd like you to try to
cook up a better a better title than Hate Day better than Hate Day I must say way that February
13th isn't switch time Eve you're gonna have to do a bit better than Hate Day my girlfriend did
not believe me when I first told her I couldn't remember the last time I cried but now that we've
been going out for almost two years she's insisting she needs to see me shed some tears it's not like
I don't feel the same emotions as her it's just that nothing has brought me over the edge in at
least 10 years and even though she says she wants to see me cry I feel like subconsciously it could
turn her off do I suck it up and cry for her or do I keep my dry street going that's from
Krusty Aiden Colorado whatever you do if you haven't cried in 10 years make sure that when
you do it no one is standing directly in front of you oh man like the fire hose in UHF well not only
that but you are gonna be so bad at it oh my god yeah your face is gonna look like John Mayer during
a solo I here's the thing I got a solution for you just watch Iron Giant yeah right that's what I
was gonna say yeah just watch Iron Giant and you'll cry it'll be it'll be a masculine a masculine
uh tear fest I promise so there's a different and put it on lube there is a difference between
like a masculine like a gentleman's cry you know what I mean uh-huh it's it's deep the base the base
is a little bit stronger it's more of like oh no you actually say oh no just over and over oh no
oh no you are going here's the thing I have to assume if you haven't cried in 10 years you've
been burying some things like once you turn on those tears out there you may just be like
digging back and back and back like deeper and deeper like I gotta see you my geometry exam
you know what I you hear about Stephen yeah he's never not crying now you know my jam cries all
the time my jam is like when I have to cry at something like the last episode of Downton Abbey
um I don't make any noise or like move my face at all I just let the tears just sort of like fall
down my cascading completely still stoic Native American looking out at a bunch of trash face
like yeah so proud and I'm gonna be honest with you guys this may surprise no one I cry at like
everything yeah dude yeah I'm a big old I was actually I was literally talking about this last
night because it like uh some sort of Disney commercial with Wally was in it and we were all
talking about how we all cried when we watched Wally I remember when I watched Wally with you
you cried for like 30 uninterrupted minutes like once you once sad shit in that movie started
happening you didn't stop crying until the the fucking credits were rolling my emotions are like
like right below my eyeballs and so at any given point one extra drop of emotion and I'm over it
I'm trying this actually has to schedule time at four o'clock on Sundays to pay off the crying that
he earned while watching the first 15 minutes of love I remember I'm still crying while at the
beginning I remember when I was uh last in town and I uh we were at lunch and I was like I'll
pick up the check and you're like don't you do this to me right now oh no oh no oh no did you
see that guy a new sign at Giovanni's no come on my childhood said I wouldn't do this I told myself
I'd be strong strong I'm a big strong man I the worst is like if I'm up at an unreasonable hour
when I used to work at Best Buy and I had to be in at like five o'clock in the morning there's
something about like five o'clock in the morning by yourself and like a big empty half-dark Best Buy
that I I would just sit there and like start singing a little song to myself and weeping
just while I'm like doing all the stockpounds oh no oh here we go um yeah I there's something
crying is like to me finishing a cry is like waking up from a good nap and it's like okay
time to start my day in earnest you know what I mean it's like well the crying is over now it's
time for happy times I I'm actually kind of jealous of you Travis that you get that you get
to clean out your man yeah I fucking love crying yeah the best time to do is in the shower because
you're already wet and that way it just mingles no because if you cry when you're like fully
dressed you're gonna get all of the tears and snot all over your clothes how hard are you crying
so that so you're uh I actually like uh much like Daryl Hannah and Blade Runner or Ernest
in uh Ernest Goes to Jail I like to cry in the rain oh you mean Ernest Goes to Camp when he's
saying sure I'm glad it's raining nobody sees your teardrops when it rains holy shit check
you walked right into it I am not ashamed of my love for the Ernest movies um I guess I was
thinking Ernest Goes to Jail because that's the one where he has the doppelganger right
and but he's also very sad because he's incarcerated and also because his life is as
a janitor at a bank right and he gets electrocuted like 16 times yeah a lot all yeah it gives him
superpowers hey everybody what's that movie like I'm Ernest gets superpowers I bet after Ernest
Goes to Jail and Ernest Goes to Camp and Ernest gets scared stupid he was really really hesitant
you have to feel bad for Slam Dunk Ernest because that is halfway across the video store
why is it called Ernest Goes to the Hoop Ernest takes it to the to the point zone
you got all those Ernest movies hanging out next to each other and then like way off someone's
looking through the essence and they're like what is this Ernest and then there's like
extreme with an x Ernest stunts and it's like I don't even know where that is they're looking
for like super Dave Osborne movies that those Ernest pops up hey this is the craziest video
store I've ever been to it's the best video store you know I loved I loved Ernest Scared Stupid and
Ernest Goes to Jail and Ernest Goes to Camp but this importance of being Ernest just was not as
funny I think the craziest thing about this video store is that it's extant um I like to because I
can cry completely still faced I can I could be having a car I could I could be crying right now
and talking to you the way that I'm talking to you with you would have no clue so my jam is I just do
it in public and see if I can get away with it like a dangerous like a dangerous thing like a
little dangerous I'll do it at best I'll do it at Best Buy but like in the middle of the day in the
crowded store would you describe this as a crying game not the crying game no no no it's awkward
there's more than the one have you ever yawned so hard that like you cried not like violently
crap but like some tears come out what is wrong with you that doesn't happen to you just like
you yawn really hard and like your eyes just like kind of water a little bit you just go with it no
no you already got this thing started already primed the engine might as well no I remember
when when I when we were young and we were at church and I would yawn really hard because it's
church um I always got really worried that people would look over and think that I was crying because
I was just like super moved by like the collection song yeah but really it's that I yawn and I was
always tempted to look and go no no I was yawning it's not real tears I'm not moved or anything
not a bit I feel nothing there's nothing behind these eyes
now I feel like I cry too much now you guys have made me self-conscious I'm never gonna cry again
I feel like if you don't like that if you think about going the rest of your life without crying
again that would actually be sad enough to make you cry for at least 45 minutes that's probably
true um I've got it it's actually gotten to a point now where if I see a especially poignant
commercial I will start crying oh but there's some commercials out there that are real doozers
uh-huh the the fucking one with the guy gets a dog and is in in a car and he drives to go
camping griffin griffin don't and then they get out I said I wouldn't do this they're playing
and then they keep doing they keep repeating oh no the dog's getting older and then at the end
he just gets out of tombstone from his car and kills the dog with it no the dog is dead why would
he get what then he smashes the dog with the tombstone my uh Sydney says that her dad used to
always cry at the uh at the commercial it was a mcdonald's commercial where a dad drives his
daughter to mcdonald's and she's meeting her friends there and he she asked him to wait in
the car while she goes in and hangs out with her friends and she says that was making her cry and
all I can think about is that's the craziest hang ever like what is this hang wait in the car I'm
too embarrassed to hang out with you with my friends inside of mcdonald's me my buds are gonna
go inside and get a cbo and I'd like you to hang here if that's cool don't ruin this for me old
man this is my mcdonald's time yeah this only happens once maybe twice a week I always cried
those e-trade commercials with the talking baby because like I think about like when I have a baby
if it comes out and looks really cute but sounds like an old ass dude I would be like mega bummed
out yeah wicked wicked bummed um can we can we address a timely yahoo answer okay this one was
sent in by steve lewis thank you steve it's by yahoo answers user billy jack h who asks
how can I rely on punxsutawney phil when everything around him overcast his shadow
do I get my own groundhog with groundhog day rapidly approaching I have some aggravation
towards the way punxsutawney phil comes out of its burrow but it is impossible to see a shadow
because there are so many people equipment and booths around him these people who run the event
then say he didn't see his shadow and there will be an early spring well I'm tired of relying of
this commercial groundhog informing me how much winter is left I'd like to get my own groundhog
and intend to let him to come out in a very clear non-crowded area that way I will at least know the
truth if we'll have six more weeks of winter or not should I get my own groundhog should I do
that this is the best thing I've ever heard I've never heard seen observed thought about a groundhog
in literally any other context yeah right I don't know where you would obtain one I don't know where
they're what they're native to no but this I'm also gonna be honest and it occurs to me that
it seems to me like taking it out of the context of punxsutawney phil it doesn't count anymore
like or else everybody would just have groundhogs he has a fucking excellent point because there
are there's a lot of hardware you know there are the news newscasters there bring a lot of
hardware to the scene how about the fucking lights the camera lights like how how's this
yeah god forbid they might spoil the entirely scientific process no but I'm saying but they
have built these fucking rules around this system and then they're tampering with the with the rules
the groundhog comes out and sees like 800 people all standing around screaming at him of course
he's fucking scared he's just he's a rodent he's a small creature I would be scared but the thing
we now go to punxsutawney where phil is coming out of his hole thank you oh hold on punxsutawney
is addressing the crowd hello everyone can you give me some fucking room could you all spread out
a little bit I'm having a hard time before me give phil some space to do his thing please
great I'm trying to get down and uh it's not gonna happen with all these uh newscasters around
what if they opened up the door what if they opened up the little groundhog door and he was
jerking off okay this is what you want to see he's like are you this is what you came here to see
are you guys fucking kidding me is it February fucking second already are you shitting me I don't
give a shit that it's a whole day based around me you knock you knock first because sometimes
a groundhog is jerking off as they all want to do do you see these little nubby hands they feel
great here's the problem with with complaining about the lights and the cameras and everything
if you have lights and cameras and and everything it's a celebration if you're a guy in this
backyard pulling a rodent out of a hole and staring at it you have to register on a list
yeah a government list but but at the same time what do you do when you get that minority report
from your from your indie underground groundhog that's like nah dog it is time for six more weeks
of winter and but the mainstream groundhog says that it's springtime what do you do who do you
send a letter to in that circumstance yeah who do you i have to here's what's going to really
fuck you up that we got three more weeks of winter and then nothing right tell the authorities
what we need we need an impartial elected frankly elected senate or or house of representatives
approved position for nine groundhogs that will come out and you know create a majority opinion
on what the weather is going to be because this person is a great president i don't want to alarm
you yeah but my groundhogs a statue on steve's listen according to miami marcus
i think they would all have to be gathered in one region because i feel like miami marcus
would pretty much see his shadow all day pretty much all time i think that was in will smith's
miami's he talked about how your shadow's always there me and marcus popping it off
looking down getting spooked winter is coming let's go get some carrots
because groundhogs love carrots thank you thank you my god saw his shadow and the shadow of death
i want to congratulate us on doing this for five minutes and not mentioning the movie
groundhog day i think we did it accomplishment and achievement and now we can all breathe a
little easier i watched it yesterday i did too what a fucking i watched it a thousand times
yesterday okay uh we were watching it yesterday and uh my we were watching the film about halfway
through sydney leans over to me and says well she doesn't lean over to me we're on a couch
so uh that's how i've instructed her to behave she she looks and she says you know the tragedy
of this movie is that no one could ever love andy mcdowell she said given a thousand years
you could not love andy mcdowell but i said that is 100 true and then i was watching the movie and
something occurred to me that had never occurred what the movie is about i read an interview with
harold ramis where he said that the movie had become very popular with buddhists
and when you watch the movie you realize that like he doesn't it's not about getting the girl
or even trying to live a good life um phil doesn't get out of the loop until he has awareness
until he's completely aware and satisfied in his own situation that's when he breaks it it wasn't
about oh i think you think back on that movie you think it's about him learning to like love
or be a good person or what or play piano it's none of those things yeah it's a little bit
about 100 immediate awareness that's that's that's deep that's deep stuff when i watch that movie i
also like to pretend that chris elliot's character is also looping through time and just trying to
like get it together and maybe get some maybe get some trim and he just like but in the final day
that phil gets it together and does get him some trim chris elliot comes to grips with the fact
that no he is he is virtually unfuckable and once he has that realization he is also freed from the
loop i would also like to point out that something that's not addressed in that movie that always
kind of freaks me out is that once he breaks the loop and wakes up the next day one no one will
ever believe him yeah two does he instantly age all the time that he spent i don't think so i he
just withers away to dust before annie mcdowell's horrified eyes did annie mcdowell complete her
loop of trying to get through a sentence sounding like a real person saying things in the world
she doesn't do that at all she never does that where is your accent from like do you think it
must also be really disconcerting to be phil on february 3rd because you know he's like crossing
the street without looking you're like no no it's fine it's fine there's no cars trust me ah shit
a guy's gonna break a plate in hayden hey break that plate i need this kid climb that tree fall
out he's gonna spiral into madness like it's never addressed but he he's gonna lose his mind
he's just waiting underneath a tree with his arms open just waiting hey does anyone kid want to climb
this tree any kids no i learned how to be a piano virtuoso in one day
i don't think i don't think he loses this watch i can rob a bank and there's no consequences
oh you're in prison prison shot shot crossfire dead chris elliot looks unknowingly we've all
been there we've all been there man we've all been there so guys this has been my brother my
brother me it's a podcast for the people to listen to and enjoy uh thank you to everyone
tweeting about the show like landon howell joe rusco uh sean jones jasmine watten ethan writer
kim brionic stem cell mark paris ellie jess raven gordon paul manon and so many others uh
you are the best and we love you very much thank you all i also want to thank john roger
and the long winters for the use of our theme song into departure off the album putting the days to
bed um they actually changed the name of the album where they put spaces in between the words so you
have to say it like i just said it it's not me that's just the name of the album now um if you
would uh we mentioned the jumbo tron so you can go do that if you want um also i don't know what
the story is with uh with boat party.biz i don't know what's going on there but you may want to
head there and register to find out what's going on because it it looks like it's going to be
popping off whatever is happening there and i'm almost positive that it is not one of those
horrible internet tricks no yeah it probably is not an internet trick i wanted to say a very
personal uh goodbye to you look nice today one of the podcasts it was a huge inspiration uh for for
me growing up uh listening to to shows they are ending their run soon and uh i'm really gonna miss
those guys yeah me too yeah it's a great show but at the same time watch the throne we coming up
climbing those spots on the itunes charts so uh thank you for everything you've done for us
but especially thank you for allowing us to watch the throne and we are also still in uh in in talks
about uh live show possibilities thanks everybody for sending in suggestions for venues and everything
um so except for the people who said in my butt that was not helpful at all you don't even know
anyone in your butt how are you gonna get us in there it's very exclusive um you guys want a
final one yeah uh no i don't want this train to end well no i want it to end very bad very hungry
okay uh it was uh sent in by ira ray who wants to know i did it's by yahoo answers user rock
biter who asks is there any wimpier musician than james taylor no uh hey i'm just a mackerel
i'm travis mackerel who's just a mackerel like he's been my brother my brother name is your dad
