The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Nobody that can't believe Jamaica's got a running team. Ladies and gentlemen,
against all odds and probably, Jamaica has won the little country that could.
Jamaica has won all three medals in the 200 meter dash.
It's a real underdog story, Justin, because of course the favorite was the runner from Switzerland.
Sure, right, because of the hills.
Yeah, and barely got beat out by the Jamaican three.
Now, you don't think about that, but it is hard to learn how to run without certain natural
aspects of the environment, like hills, like the snow makes it hard.
Like ground.
You gotta train your legs, your glutes, and your crutes
to really get your legs up and over those snow mounds.
Now, Travis, I understand that this Jamaican running team, which did take
all three medals in the 200 meter dash, I understand it was coached by John Candy.
Now, how and or why?
Well, how is the big question here, Justin, because as you know, he's dead.
Sure, right.
And he's been dead for quite some time now, so mostly they just watch
Wagons East over and over and over again while they were running.
They set up like a vid screen in their running complex to watch Wagons East.
If you'll remember, there is that one scene in Wagons East where John Candy and Matthew Perry
have to run away.
I'm not thinking of the right movie.
Nope, not in the least.
You're thinking of Shanghai Noon.
Now, what movie is it that you're thinking of?
You're thinking of Almost Heroes.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
I made a Farley Candy goof.
In case anyone was wondering, Almost Heroes was another movie poster
I had on my wall for a long time.
Let's be fair.
First off, that's fucking bananas.
But let's be fair.
John Candy was a very, very fast man, very expedient.
Yeah, for once so large, quite graceful.
In his prime, which is to say when he was alive, John Candy could hoof it.
Mm-hmm, this is my brother-by-brother meeting advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
God, I miss you, John Candy.
I know, right?
I genuinely do.
Did you know that motherfucker shot his entire role in Home Alone in a single day?
Did you know that almost his entire part was improvised?
Jesus, that too, but still, one day in a, these Hollywood magic doesn't exist anymore
because every single second of The Avengers took four whole weeks to shoot.
That's true.
Every second, every frame.
That's true.
Actually, at one point, Chris Helmsworth died and was replaced by his brother, Liam Helmsworth.
Exactly.
And no one noticed.
No one noticed.
Nobody even noticed.
Do you think that'll happen to one of us someday?
Griffin, I can't be sure it hasn't already.
It's true.
We all look so similar.
With podcast magic these days.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Let's get right into the advice.
How do you break up with someone you aren't at something?
Okay, that's easy.
Sorry, Desk.
I'm out of here.
Sorry.
We had a good run, Coffee Mug.
You can tell Griffin and I just named the four things our eyes laid on.
This is how improvisational comedy happens.
Don't say no and just name the things that you see in front of you.
Those are the two things.
Recite them.
Yes, and I see a cupholder.
How do you break up with someone you aren't actually dating?
I connected with the gentleman on an online dating site.
We started texting and went out on one coffee date.
Then he started texting me all the time, making plans way too far in the future.
Like where would we go for Christmas dinner?
Oh no.
He even sent flowers to my office.
I tried to tell him he was coming on too strong, but to no avail.
How could I break it off with him when it was never really on?
That's from mystified miss in the Midwest.
I could probably shed some light on this situation,
being probably the only one of the three of us who did this, who did the online dating.
I didn't, I mean, not that I went straight up Christmas crazy, but-
Okay, I thought that's what you were saying.
I don't like to think about where I'm having Christmas dinner.
Yeah.
Right.
So what you do, and let me tell you from first-hand experience, it's very effective.
Just don't ever respond to anything they say ever, ever again,
because that's the real beauty of internet, is that you can just turn your-
When I block somebody on Twitter, they die.
Did you know that?
I've heard that.
They're dead.
They are for all intents and purposes.
If I never see or talk to you or experience you ever again, you're dead.
And that's really the-
But Griffin, you're dead.
And that's really the-
Here's the one thing about this question, though, that freaks me out,
is that she could totally easily do that, but the gentleman has already sent flowers to her office.
What if he just starts bombarding her cubicle with the teddy bears with hearts that say,
why don't you tweet me anymore?
Ah, that's the other beauty of online dating, Travis, is because this person is online dating,
they are not going to be brave enough to do any of those things.
So you are made in the shade.
Just let this Adams half-life just decay slowly and then it's gone.
What about the texts?
The texts, not a big deal.
They're not going to keep that up.
He's got pride.
He's not going to let 12 texts go unanswered.
Maybe 10.
You're suggesting full cold shoulder.
I'm suggesting two cold shoulders.
I know.
This is what always happens to me.
So wait a little while.
Don't respond to them.
And then in like a month, respond to one with, who is this?
No, no, no.
No, and I'll tell you why.
Because whenever I get that text from someone, I always just assume that they've gotten a
new phone and this is someone else who now has this phone number.
That's like, it's Travis.
And they're like, oh, okay.
Wait, now how does it, I've never actually seen, Travis is in the same room as me.
I've never been able to see one of these bad ideas formulated in person.
Now, can you explain, what has helped by texting them, who is this?
Then they get embarrassed and either think that you've forgotten about them or that you're
somebody new and then they stop texting you.
It's way better than a straight up denial and shoot down to pretend like you no longer
know who they are.
Justin, I imagine that when Travis is formulating one of these things, like a thick cloud of
purple dumb smoke, like comes out of his mouth and ears and just envelops his entire body
forming a cocoon of idiocy.
Here's the weird thing, you guys are not going to believe this, but steam just pours
out of his ears.
He looks like Herman Munster, it's bizarre.
You said you'd never tell anyone that.
Don't rub the salt in the wound, just let him die.
Well, it depends, but I'm just saying it depends on how quickly he picks up on it.
If after like three texts and no response and like you blocking him on stuff, he's like,
okay, great, I get it.
I'm saying if he's still texting you like four times a day, every day for like two months,
you can't just assume that he's going to get the hint and stop contacting you.
Yeah.
You got to do something.
You got to step up and I mean, at some point you might just have to say, if it gets to
that point, just say like, Hey, I, this is done.
This isn't going anywhere.
This was never anything.
Please don't contact me anymore.
Oh, can we, uh, can we do a sidebar?
Sure.
Uh, this is, this is for the person on the other end of this question, which is to say
probably a few of our listeners, probably a lot of our listeners.
If you're online dating, this is the worst.
This is the, this is the worst period.
That's the end of the sentence.
That's the whole thing.
Don't do this. You've done it all wrong from, from a to Z.
As cool as you need to play it with regular dating, you need to play it
900 times cooler when you're, when you're, when you're doing that online stuff.
Now, why is that Griffin?
Because, because people, when they meet online, they're like skittish little birds.
They're like little birds.
And if you try and squeeze them too tight in your hand, they will die in your hand.
They're leasing birds because you love them so much.
Now at the beginning, because at the beginning you are distracted by the fact that,
you know, your, your, your relationship is built on a pretty thin basis,
which is a computer thought we'd love each other.
Yeah.
And I mean, eventually you'll have more to go on than that, but that's a pretty-
But based on, based on like my Amazon suggested buys,
like a computer I think is able to make that decision for us now.
Oh, no doubt.
I think a computer is there.
But what's great is on that first date, you have the option of just getting up and leaving
just late and then like not having to worry about it ever again.
It's one of my favorite things about the website.
Okay.
Cupid.
Cause it's built into the name of your acceptance of whatever the website tells you to do.
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
Cupid.
Whatever you say.
All right.
You're driving this train.
Yeah.
Keep it cool.
Don't, just don't text.
Don't, just don't-
Don't bring up the words Christmas dinner ever again.
Don't mention, when you are on a blind online date, holidays do not exist.
Neither do your family.
Living that, living this moment.
Keep it super fish.
What you talking about?
What you're eating and drinking.
That's the only few things-
How about those Olympics?
Use it.
I'm giving that to you.
Once she's done eating her dinner, it's gone.
It never happened.
She might, you might need to eat a second dinner to really commit to how in the moment you're going to be.
Now, if you're in your fifties or sixties, everything I just said out the window, first date, start talking plans.
Start figuring it out.
Well, that's like old people catnip.
They'll eat that up.
Oh, they love that shit.
They love it.
It's old people optimism.
They love that.
Anything.
You know how we've been around for Christmas?
Let's talk about it.
Yeah.
I'm thinking about building a shed.
Tell me more.
How long is it going to take?
Where are you going to get your supplies?
The depot?
You're going to totally be allowed to finish it.
Griffin, I need a Yahoo answer question.
Sure.
Here's one.
It was sent in by Spummy or Spumy.
Still haven't decided.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo.
It's user Carly who asks, do teens in high school have parties like in Superbad?
Because I have not once seen a party like that.
I am a junior now and I haven't really seen it.
Any of you guys been to parties like that?
I'm not a mom pretending to be a kid at all.
I'm not an undercover officer.
Anybody seen any parties where underage kids are drinking?
Can I tell you the best answer I have to this is that there's a sort of a fraternity row
here in Huntington that I have driven past and I think that there have been parties like
that in there.
Like, it looks very fun.
It looks like they're having a good time.
I've seen these parties.
I've seen the after effects of a party and believe that once there was a party there,
but I've never actually caught it in the act.
Right.
Yeah, it's sort of like Oasis-like.
When I approach a party like that, it dissipates.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think if everybody thinks back, I think everybody in their time goes to one party
that is way cooler than they are and you realize it in that perfect moment, like, holy shit,
I'm at a super bad party or an animal house party if you're not 12 and then you just try
to live it up.
You try to just, you try to experience it as hard as you possibly can because it's never,
ever, ever going to happen again.
It's like Narnia.
Once you go back looking for it, it won't be there.
I remember mine.
I remember mine.
We watched Jurassic Park and Laserdisc.
Fuck me, Justin.
That's the saddest thing.
No, but later there was a, got pretty crazy because we watched a bootleg VHS of Into the
Woods.
Oh my Christ child.
It got pretty good.
Pretty good.
I don't have to deal with Travis's disapproving looks.
He's like actually physically here looking at me.
See, this is great because the people at home don't know how hard I'm judging Justin right
now to answer your question real hard.
I think I went to one and I did not, it was like a friend of mine was like, let's go to
this party.
And I thought it was going to be like every other party I went to, but it ended up being
like a full blown, our parents are like, his parents weren't even out of town.
His parents were like, really asleep.
His parents were like fucking going to see the lake house or something.
And like, he was like, we got an hour and a half window while they're in trance by Keanu
Reeves.
Let's do this.
Let's, you know, let's drink and let's hanky pank.
And it actually got broken up by his parents while I was there.
Oh my God.
I swear to God.
It's the only time that's ever happened to me.
And it felt so, we left that party.
I felt like some sort of conquering king.
When I see that scene in any movie where like, you know, it's going to be pretty chill.
I got cheese plate for me and my six friends.
Is that all that is coming?
And then it's like, cut to the whole house, like full of teens and somebody smashes a
vase.
And this scene is in basically every movie.
There's like, you know, Hey, who are you?
Dillop?
No, I'm Phil.
I live here.
Okay, man.
We're a party on.
That scene is more terrifying to me than any horror film I've ever done.
I cannot imagine.
First off, it's bad enough that you're in a huge, huge party.
That's pretty brutal.
But an introvert like myself, if you were planning, if you're looking forward to intimate
get together with friends, maybe a couple of board games, and then it turned into a
party.
Oh my God.
I want to puke just thinking about it.
I would just call the police on myself.
Could someone please come down here and help me break this up?
Can you throw everyone out of our house except for the six people who are going to play cards
against humanity with me, please?
I was just planning a quiet risk night.
And now I'm so scared.
You ruined my risk night.
That has an allure when you're young.
Because when I was at that party and realized like, Oh my God, this is an illegal party.
I was so down.
But I think at the tender age of 25, as I am now, I think if I went to somebody's house
and there's a crazy party going on outside and it's like, Hey, man, is this your house?
And they're like, Nah, man, I'm house sitting for my brother.
I would just be like, Oh, thank you and leave.
Because I don't want to be, I would be so uncomfortable at that party.
This is, or you're breaking and entering basically.
Yeah.
You know, I think back to, I remember being in college and my roommate and best friend
Brent and I would often like just try to find a party.
And we went through a period, which was really weird, where we would just like try to find
a friend of a friend of a friend, anything.
So we weren't bored and meeting new people because we were hanging out with the exact
same people every weekend.
And now I think about that, and if I rolled up to a party and it was just crazy wild,
even if it was like my friends throwing the party, how, how just against it all I would
be like, Oh man, I just want to sit down, like drink a glass of red wine.
You get to this point where you realize I actually, it actually happened to me in my
fifth year of college and no comments from the peanut gallery, but my fifth year college,
that's my, that's my old man voice.
My fifth year college, I was talking to my college friends and we were like, where are
the parties?
And then we realized, we were like, we never hear about parties going on anymore.
And then it's like, hold on a second.
I don't think people, we actually thought for a few minutes, like, why doesn't anybody
do parties anymore?
Why does everybody stop throwing parties?
Wait a minute.
Nobody asked us to go to them.
I work in an office where I spend most of my days sitting down and talking to people.
Office where I spend most of my day sitting in a cubicle.
My coworkers are older than me and they decorate their cubes, pictures of their spouses, kids
and pets.
Whenever they come into my cube, they always comment on how I haven't decorated it at all.
Decorated it at all.
Yeah, I got the right number.
There we go.
I am a single guy without any kids or pets and I need some decorating ideas that are
personal enough to be interesting, but still appropriate for work.
Any suggestions?
That's from memento lists in Memphis.
Oh, man.
Now I'm bummed.
Well, I mean, you could do toys.
Like, I've got in my cubicle a Harry Houdini bobblehead, a Superman bust, and a donkey
figurine from Shrek that talks.
Go fuck yourself.
What?
Why?
Griffin?
No, Travis.
You're an adult.
I am an adult.
I'm an adult that works at a theater.
You're going to be somebody's husband soon and you have a Shrek toy on your desk where
you work.
He talks.
He says, like, you know what else is better than parfaits?
You know when someone says, you want parfaits?
He says, hell no, I don't want parfaits.
Parfaits are delicious.
It's hilarious.
That was word for word.
You have used this toy so much that you have memorized that entire soliloquy.
It's great.
It's a good thing.
And he also makes jokes about Shrek farting.
He says, like, shoo, Shrek, did you just rip one off?
I have my mouth open and everything.
It's pretty great.
I'm just saying.
I hate you so much.
It's just a pretty good thing.
Justin spit coffee all over his keyboard.
He had to go.
Did he really?
Yeah, he's cleaning it up.
OK.
Idiot.
You're so dumb.
You're a stupid Shrek doll.
What about there's going to be something you like, right?
About Doctor Who.
There's a bunch of Doctor Who memorabilia.
I also have a Dalek clock.
That's what Sidney's got in her office, and it looks awesome.
She's got a bunch of Doctor figures and adipose and whatever song.
It's great.
You guys are thinking about the fashion of the desk, what it's going to do for you.
What you've got to think about when it comes to desk management is the function of it.
What's it going to do for everybody?
In my mind, I think you've either got to go full-blown minimalist,
just your keyboard, mouse, and screen.
That's it.
And those are the only things you have.
And if your cubicle isn't already stark white from floor to ceiling,
then go ahead and paint that.
And the opposite side of that is you clutter your desk with so much garbage
that everybody thinks you are the busiest man in the whole world.
Oh, yeah, right.
You've got to look like an old-timey newspaper reporter.
You've got to have stacks of papers, six half-empty coffee cups,
which are sometimes called mugs, and pins scattered around,
and two briefcases, a sandwich wrapper from the deli nearby,
empty Skittles bags, because busy people eat Skittles.
Right.
There was a lady that I worked with at the newspaper,
one of the newspapers I worked at, who had a jar of candy on her desk.
And the deal was, if you came over and took some candy, you had to talk to her.
And not like- Wait, wait, wait.
Was that a stated deal?
This was not like an unwritten social contract.
This was a deal vocalized by her.
Oh, no.
Well, if you're taking some candy, gotta stay and chat.
I'm so crushingly lonely.
Please.
There's a bear trap installed on a table,
and if I see you try to pull your hand out of that jar with some sixlets,
without chatting me up first, say goodbye to your paw.
It's in the jar.
How's your sugar daddy, huh?
How's your thing about my sugar daddy?
How's your family?
That must be nice to have that.
Basically, all I got are my wrestling tapes that I made in the 80s.
I taped a bunch of wrestling.
I watched those, and I do have a ferret.
I had a ferret.
He left.
He ran away.
He moved away.
That's my life.
I know, Deborah.
It's the same thing you've been telling me for the past 17 weeks.
Nothing has evolved.
Well, time to go enjoy these sixlets.
Thanks for the conversation.
Totally worth it.
I'm going to start going to the store.
I'll buy my own candy.
What about if you put up pictures of everyone else's family?
That is a bad idea on 14 discrete levels.
I can't see how this could possibly go wrong.
Other people's family that you do work with or that you don't work with?
That you do work with.
Just ask if you could photocopy their pictures.
Well, that's the ball game, folks.
Oh, man.
Just buy frames that already have pictures in them.
This is me at my eight weddings.
Right here?
This is me graduating from high school.
This is my son, Kevin.
I love him very much.
This is me and my whole family in raincoats.
As you can see, we love sailing.
We love to sail.
This is my sailing ship.
I have a picture of it.
I built this model of my sailing ship.
We take it out.
We sail.
We sail.
Just a big sailing family.
Can you just have empty frames?
And then if somebody asks what happened, just say a terrible tragedy happened.
Something terrible.
Ghosts took the...
Oh, somebody traveled back in time and erased my path.
These used to have really great, beautiful pictures of my children in it.
Someone traveled back in time and stopped me from meeting what was to be my wife.
And it was my son, so fuck him.
Fuck that kid.
He's imaginary now.
Yeah, he doesn't exist anymore.
It's very, very...
I'm starting a charity.
If you'd like to donate $20, then you can also have some candy.
Just put empty frames up and then have little post-its on them.
Like one will say mother and one will say son.
To do.
Find a son.
Find son.
That would be great if somebody came by and were like,
why are all these picture frames empty?
Stand up and be like, like you just realized.
Like, oh fuck, not again.
Strap on the time belt and then disappear.
You've got to disappear.
That's going to be the hard part of this.
You got to have a TARDIS right next door.
Yeah.
I'll be right back.
Hey, do you have any creative ideas for fundraisers?
I'm raising money to spend two years in Nicaragua.
Volunteering and I'm a little short of my goal.
Thanks.
Evide.
Can you kickstart a Nicaragua trip?
You can kickstart pretty much.
If I wanted to go to Hardee's, but I didn't want to pay like the four bucks for
a sandwich of sausage and eggs, then I could kickstart that.
Let's kickstart my brother, my brother and me Hardee's party.
And it's basically like however much money we get, that's how many people.
Okay.
To start, we need $500,000 to build a Hardee's.
What?
There's a Hardee's in Route 60.
You guys have Hardee's here?
Go get it.
We'll need at least, I think we're in pretty good with Andrew WK.
So he'll probably cut us a pretty sweet deal to record a version of a song.
When it's time to party, we will party hard ease.
Breakfast fundraising experience.
When it's time to party, we will party hard ease.
What are the California raisins doing?
Will they come back?
I will put on a garbage bag and dress like a California raisin for you.
This is going to be a really good party.
I'm really excited about this.
You guys, this is going to be like a super bad party.
You're welcome.
I went to my super bad party.
It was at a Hardee's on Route 60.
They had a little slide.
It was awesome.
It was a little arty farty.
What are we doing?
It's Hardee's.
It's no Sardee's, but it was a Hardee's party.
Just don't be, don't be tardy.
Oh, for Christ's sake, move on.
Get a ride with my friend Marty to the Hardee's party.
Next.
My friend Marty erased all my pictures.
Creative ideas for fundraisers.
I think if I saw a grown woman selling lemonade, that would be pretty crazy.
I think I would probably donate to her because I'd assume she had fallen on hard times.
Especially if some of the letters were backwards.
If she put like womenade.
Wait, not women, not women.
I actually think you could be arrested for selling womenade on the street.
Excuse me, you got a permit for this womenade?
You sound adorable, officer.
No, I mean, is lemonade, is lemonade, is womenade, lemonade sold by women?
What is it?
I thought it was lemonade sold for women.
Like made of them.
Like you put a spigot in the side of a woman and womenade comes out.
It's adorable.
It's 100% pure, fresh lemonade.
This is like, I feel like a new energy beverage, a new vitamin water is invented every week
and womenade is our fucking meal ticket.
I know.
Here's what it's got.
It's got a natural balance of electrolytes.
It's going to help you rehydrate.
It's also got estrogen because that's something that's in ladies.
Here's what you do.
You can also B12 and whatever is in red wine that makes you not get Alzheimer's.
You take a regular country time lemonade, you cut it with water because vitamin drinks
can't taste as good as normal drinks and then you throw a one a day women's supplement in there.
That's okay.
And then just a dash of red wine.
Hey guys, let me throw this out.
Let me eat you with this.
Okay.
Okay.
The spokesperson, Ray Liotta.
Ray Liotta for womenade.
I think we should get a woman.
That's a brave choice.
That seems pretty cut and dry.
I don't like it.
Too obvious.
Too obvious. You know what women these days are so concerned about is osteoporosis.
So womenade does have ground up bones in it.
Yeah.
So you can get your calcium.
It is.
It's the chunks that let you know it's working.
It does make it a little mealy.
It makes it sort of sludge like.
Hey guys, what would you think of this as like a mascot?
The little animated baby from Ally McBeal.
I love it.
Your biological clock's ticking and it's counting down to womenade time.
Crack open a fresh womenade with the baby from Ally McBeal and Ray Liotta, our spokespeople.
Get out of here, baby.
You're creeping me out.
This is Ray Liotta's voice.
They promised him that they were going to CGI the baby in later, but they never did.
Did you see that fucking womenade commercial?
Ray Liotta is losing it.
I'm losing my mind over this.
Look at him with his little diaper.
Doing that little dance.
What do you call that, baby?
It's just, hey baby, get back here.
Hey, hold this drink for a second, baby.
I got a womenade.
I gotta pitch womenade.
Gotta sell the people on it.
Ooga chaka.
Right, baby?
You like that?
Ooga chaka, right baby?
Remember that?
Remember when you and Pyrrha McNichol?
Man, I love that show.
This, I feel like womenade idea is going to make us a lot of money, but in the meantime,
we could make money by going to the money zone.
Hey, building a website?
Dummy?
Can't do it on yourself?
I don't blame you.
I don't know how to build them either, but here's what you need to do.
You need to get the all new Squarespace 6.
It's got beautiful new templates.
Dummy.
It's got drag and drop interface.
It's got responsive design, social media connectivity.
You don't know what that means?
Tough noogies.
Squarespace is going to walk you through it all.
They're going to hold your hand and lead you through this forest of web design.
So go to squarespace.com and you can get 10% off by using the offer code MYBROTHER8.
No spaces, and in the number eight, MYBROTHER8.
10% off, DUMMO.
10% off.
I know you don't know anything from anything, but saving money am good, stupid.
Go to squarespace.com and get out of my hair.
God, Jesus, guys.
I know.
If our listeners have had a hard day, you think that's going to make it any easier?
Now they can build a website to cry about it.
Okay.
There'll be JavaScript.
Click a button to make me cry.
I'm an internet baby.
I'm an internet baby.
My feelings are hurt.
Ray Liotta, can you see me dancing around?
Oh, cuddle me, Ray Liotta.
Cuddle me, Ray Liotta.
You nurture me, Ray Liotta.
I'm an internet baby from Alley McBeal for women.
Make all my problems go away, Ray.
Scoop me up in your arms and rub my soft cheek on your bristle.
Protect me from everything that could possibly happen to me, Ray Liotta.
Your breath smells like chewed up cigarettes and old whiskey.
I love you, Ray Liotta.
I'm an internet baby.
The mackerel has hurt my feelings.
Well, well, well.
Wrap me up in your old leather coat and drive me-
We'll watch Wild Hogs together, Ray Liotta.
You can tell me what it was like working with Tim Allen.
I won't understand the big words.
You have to slow down.
Because I'm a baby.
Because I'm an internet baby, Ray.
I love you.
You're my new dad.
Oh, God.
Travis, your pile of media you don't like anymore
has become a threat to me and others that you love.
They're my babies.
Leave me alone.
Will you sell your babies?
Yes.
You go to a bunda trade for five years.
They've been perfecting the media trade in biz.
They take 25% more things than anybody else.
And they're going to give you 10% more for your CDs, DVDs, video games,
and gadgets like iPhones, iPods, and Androids.
So I don't know why you get rid of an Android.
Trade-in data.
Trade-in data.
Get some money.
On trade-ins valued $25 or greater, you're going to get free shipping.
And our listeners can get an extra 10% on their trade-ins.
So that's even more money for you.
Go to a bunda trade, A-B-U-N-D-A-T-R-A-D-E.com forward slash my brother.php.
And you're going to get that extra 10% on your babies
that you used to love and now are money.
You want a Yahoo?
Yes.
I do. I was going to ask for that.
This Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user MarleyCanFly with two Ys, who asks,
how can I make a homemade engagement ring?
I am ready to propose to my girlfriend of over a year,
but we're in college, so you can imagine that money is tight.
I want to make a ring by Thursday night, which is when I am proposing.
It doesn't have to be super fancy, as I know eventually
I will buy her something nice.
I just need something to show I care and love her.
Please help, smiley face.
Hey, bro, you're doing this all wrong.
Now, we haven't dealt with this on the show,
but one of us just recently went through the very similar process.
Yes, I got engaged a couple weeks ago.
And let me tell you, here's the thing, bro.
It's real easy to say like, hey, I made you this ring out of a coat hanger
and I love you.
Will you marry me forever?
The point is that you cared enough about it to save up and get this beautiful ring.
It's not so much that.
You cared enough to make a ring.
Yeah, I think it's more of a, hey, I am a good partner to share your life with
because I have enough financial stability to purchase this.
It's that, and also to say, I've been thinking about this for long enough
to save the money.
I'm truly committed to this idea and not like, hey,
you made me a really nice dinner Monday night, so now I'm totally sold on it.
Let's do this.
I mean, are we talking pipe cleaners?
That seems like the number one thing.
Get yourself some popsicle sticks.
Popsicle sticks, preferably not the ones with jokes on them.
After all, this is a formal event.
And just wrap up a pipe cleaner around like a marshmallow for a gem.
I think that would be beautiful.
No, that's good.
What about, can I propose just a, no pun intended.
Just like a, how about a ring pop, but you gotta suck it down for a bit
or else it's just going to be ostentatious.
It's going to be gaudy, too gaudy.
She's not Zsa Zsa Gabor.
Yeah, exactly.
And if they do make like a, I don't know, like a,
do they make like a plain crystal, like rock candy, like a meth-flavored ring pop?
They do, they make a flavorless, colorless ring pop.
But there's tons of flaws in it, so it's not rated very highly.
That's why you gotta suck it down.
You gotta whittle it, you know?
You know how people whittle diamonds?
Right.
Right, here's the thing.
Old timey guys sit on a porch.
And they whittle down their diamonds with their diamond knives.
They get their laser knife out and they just carve it right down.
Oh, lost my thumb.
And also my kneecaps.
And also my kneecaps.
I hate this laser.
Why did I start this?
God, I hate my empty life.
Have you ever watched The Real Housewives of any statehood?
No, never, never.
In fact, I've actively not watched it.
I haven't, let me go ahead and set up this thing I'm about to say by saying I have not either.
But I bet you if you got one of them, like a ring that you had,
like a ring-shaped piece of construction paper that you had cut out and said,
will you marry me?
They would throw you off the premises of wherever it is that they live.
Okay, but what we haven't taken into consideration is maybe this guy is a blacksmith.
Right.
That he's actually smelting a ring.
Okay, maybe he owns like a blood diamond mine.
Sure, right.
I do like that in his question, he specifies that it doesn't need to be fancy,
as though by Thursday, he's going to learn metallurgy.
I don't need anything.
It doesn't need to look store-bought.
Yeah, no kidding.
I mean, it'll be electroplated.
But other than that, I only have access to cubic zirconia.
So now if you like learned how to make rings and you actually like put the work into that,
like took a class or something, you know,
you went to the museum and you took a class on ring-making, ring-a-street.
You took a class on ring-a-street and then you made the ring.
That's special because it wasn't something you wanted to do by Thursday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and you know, I'll say this, having just done it, after I did it,
after I actually like bought, you know, a nice, somewhat for me, expensive ring,
I felt really adult.
I feel like I'd really earned it and deserve to propose to my girlfriend, you know?
Because I was an adult now and I could pay for a ring than an adult would get.
What was that?
So there.
The losers.
What was that?
I've been googling furiously for like two and a half minutes.
What was that toy?
And it was like a, it's like an Easy-Bake oven, but...
Metal maker.
Metal maker?
Yeah, I believe so.
Was that really?
I don't think you made rings.
I think you just made tiny dragon and wizard figurines.
You could have proposed to your girlfriend with that.
It was like an Easy-Bake oven, except you put little pewter balls in it
and it would melt the pewter balls down into whatever shape.
No, a metal molder.
That was it.
Metal molder.
I don't know.
I think you could probably...
Yes, it was metal molder.
You could make something like that work, I feel like.
I feel like they probably made a ring-shaped thing
and then maybe if you get fancy, you could stick a wizard on it.
Yeah.
And then you put little rhinestones in the wizard's eyes.
Stick a wizard on it.
You stick a wizard on it and you put the gemstones in his eyes and then...
Just fill him with the gemstones.
And then the person knows how much you love them.
Oh, honey, you sought out a 1995 metal molder and you made me a wizard ring.
How did we think that was a good idea for our kids?
How did we not think that there was just gonna be...
I made a thousand wizards.
And you were the only child in the whole country
who didn't fucking Johnny Tremaine themselves right away.
Fuck, you beat me to Johnny Tremaine.
I mean, damn it.
You opened that door just so you could say Johnny Tremaine, right?
Sometimes I do that for myself.
Hey, kids, read a fucking book.
Johnny Tremaine is a book.
Idiots.
Idiots.
Read it.
Just read it.
I swear to God, last week our listeners were smart.
I don't know what happened.
It's like...
I don't know what happened.
They listen to our show too much in other tones.
I guess.
Hey, brothers, I have a pressing issue.
My best friend started dating a girl last year.
She seems to make him happy and that's great.
Here's the problem.
I really dislike her.
It's not that she's bitchy or mean to me most of the time.
It's just that I don't like her personality.
They often ask me to hang out with him and a few other friends of ours.
My question is this.
Should I not hang out with him and so not see my best friend?
Or should I still hang out with him and just grin and bear her company?
Please, brothers, I need advice.
That's from reverse Jesse's girl.
You know, I'm starting to learn and I'm coming to accept this
that as an adult that exists in society, I don't get to play that game anymore.
I used to think I don't like this person so it's completely within my rights
to make it obvious to them that I don't like them
and I never have to talk to them and I never have to see them.
And then, you know, you have friends that start dating people
and you get jobs and you have kids that start dating people
and all this stuff gets added into your life that you can't control anymore
and you gotta learn the skill of grinning and bearing it.
Yeah, it's a great trick.
Washing your hands with somebody is a great trick that you can do like five times
and then you wake up you're like, I'm alone.
And it really only works till somebody else says,
hey, what's your problem with that person?
And suddenly the scrutiny makes it no longer an available option.
If you ever watched Lost, you'll know that if you spend enough time
with somebody that you at first really hate,
you may get to really like them and perhaps even fall in love with them.
Or Jack and Sawyer.
Or possibly they're an evil ghost.
Okay.
But if she's an evil ghost, don't you want to unearth that
and save your friend the indignity?
The embarrassment of having dated an evil ghost?
That's what no one ever tells you in that story
where like the guy picks up the hitchhiking girl
and then as he passes her grave, she disappears
and then he just feels so embarrassed.
Oh boy.
I am such a dumbo.
Not again.
Get it together, Chuck.
I was already planning Christmas dinner.
Damn it.
How many times is this, Chuck?
Idiot.
This is just what mother warned you about.
Yeah, this isn't your tough, tough tea.
Yeah, you got to deal with it.
If you ever send us an email and the question is, he's very happy,
but like just erase the email and then go play Nintendo or something.
Go do something else.
It's like, if you really care about this dude, that's what you want.
Like that's the goal.
You want him to be happy.
If he's happy, great.
Unless the end of the sentence is,
but I don't think he should be doing as much heroin as he's doing.
Right.
But then you can step in.
But she does supply him with HM's.
Yeah.
Unless this woman is like shooting sweet, sweet H into his arm every night
as she sings him to sleep.
She has bullied him emotionally into forming a radical to semi-radical hate group,
but he seems to be enjoying himself.
That is a condition under which, but like, I mean, seriously, who knows?
Maybe you'll get to like her.
Maybe you won't.
Newsflash about growing up, you're not going to like most people.
There's 6 billion people on earth.
I know like 20 of them.
I know like 20 of them and here's the thing is you're not saying,
I started dating this girl and I don't like her.
You're not involved in this.
You don't need to make this decision.
You just gotta hang in there.
And maybe, and like, even if you don't like, if she's hurting him, that's one thing.
But if, if it's just that you don't dig her personality, like.
Suck it up.
Tough.
I love you because you listen to our show and maybe you're a donor to Max Fun,
in which case you're right.
God.
Ugh.
That is the service we provide.
We can tell you that the bad life decisions that you're making.
For only $20 a month, we can totally reinforce your behavior.
Yeah.
Right.
But no, it's, it's, it's, I mean, you, you might get, grow to like her.
You might see, if you like this guy and he sees something in her,
maybe, and maybe she doesn't like you.
I mean, that's why she's acting the way she's acting.
And here's some other practical advice that I just know from studying acting.
If you fake it enough, you will eventually grow to like her.
If you grin and bear it enough, if you hang out with them
and you pretend to have a good time and try to convince yourself that she's great,
eventually you'll at least grow to tolerate her,
which is better than what it sounds like you're at now.
And note to those listening at home, especially the young ones,
if someone says to you, here's something I learned from acting,
usually you don't want to do the next thing.
Yeah.
No, but what I said was good.
What's fun is you can actually usually do the opposite to great benefit to your life and health.
Here's something I learned on the floorboards on the stage.
When I was trotting the boards, as we say in the limelight,
as I was practicing the bard.
You just find the nearest sharp thing, put it in them somewhere.
I need a place to store this.
Hey, hold this.
In your tummy.
Thanks.
Christ.
Cool.
Hey, you want another question?
Yes.
Another real one?
I've recently started my first office job and I've noticed something unusual.
I attend several meetings each week and frequently hear my co-workers use
expression I've never heard before.
For example, I'm not here to cut down the bush and throw it in the fire.
I'm not here to put the elephant on the table and attack it.
What?
We're up to our eyeballs and alligators and there's a little hair on that.
I'm going to go over these again because they're fantastic.
I'm not here to cut down the bush and throw it in the fire.
Not a real thing.
Not a thing.
I'm not going to put the elephant on the table and attack it.
Physically, physically improbable.
Do you work at a zoo?
If so, that totally works.
Up to our eyeballs and alligators and there's a little hair on that.
I understand these in context where they seem weird to me.
I also find that others pick up on them and start using them too.
Am I missing something?
And these are common expressions.
Any ideas about a new weird expression I could try introducing into the workplace.
That's from Oblivious in Ontario.
Okay.
There are two equally awesome situations you've stumbled onto here.
One, you work at the coolest place ever and people are just coming up with this stuff.
Two, you work at the coolest place ever and people are fucking with you.
Before each meeting they say, no, which one are we going to use today?
Oh, there's a little hair on that?
Let's do it.
Is it possible that this is just someone sending back their lunch order?
There's a little hair on this.
I can't, is that a new phrase?
Listen, I hate to be a bother and I really don't want to put the elephant
on the table and attack it, but you forgot the Swiss.
Pardon me.
Listen, I ordered the crocodile and then we are up to our eyeballs in alligators.
Does this person work in the outback?
They sound outbacky to me and that might just be like racism.
Are you saying the restaurant, outback, steakhouse?
No, I mean the outback of the great country continent, which is Australia.
Australia.
You know what?
That country continent stuff, you know that there's other countries in that continent?
Oh, come on.
I know.
I didn't know.
I found out.
There are.
Sure, just like there's other countries in North America.
Papua New Guinea?
That's in Australia.
Yeah.
What?
Did you know this?
I didn't know that.
Everyone knew it.
Everyone knew it.
Is Fiji in there?
I tricked you, everyone knew it.
I think that you...
We should be able to help this person.
You could say, let's dump this melon.
Let's dump this melon.
We say that.
Just steal stuff from us.
We say a bunch of dumb stuff that we forget about.
We say a bunch of fun...
We say a bunch of shit that's not real shit.
Rachel googled...
We used to say, we say Scrowdy Ralph all the time,
in reference to a thing that's not the nicest that it could possibly be.
Yeah, it's a little Scrowdy Ralph.
And Rachel heard me say that and said, that's not a real thing.
And I said, it definitely is, and then googled it.
And the only result was a joystick post that Justin had written like four years ago.
So it isn't invented.
It is not real.
Yeah, so now as far as adopting these phrases,
that would make me a little nervous.
Because I can't imagine an office where someone said,
I'm just going to come up with a few different things
and see how long before the new hires start using them.
In which case, that's kind of cool and you're playing along.
But like, I would make sure that those are going around elsewhere.
Maybe you need to be at a certain level of the office to be able to use those.
Like, you're like, yeah, there's a little hair on that.
And like, whoa, that's a middle management thing.
That's kind of our thing.
We've earned that because we've been here for a while.
Now here's the thing.
Throughout time and the English language,
none of our idioms were just there.
All of them had to be invented at some point.
So somebody had to say like, let's throw it at the wall and see what sticks.
Hold on.
Somebody else had to go, what the fuck?
Does this person maybe work at like an idiom factory?
That's what I'm saying.
Maybe you're in a think tank that's just there to come up with idioms.
Your real job is a ruse.
It's not a real, like, yeah, we make the little things
that hold the toilet paper and bathrooms.
You're not.
There's plenty of people who already do that.
You're currently being Truman showed.
You are being Truman showed and you've got to come up.
You are under a lot of pressure right now to come up with idioms
that we can pass on to our children.
Let's just put it this way.
If you don't start coming up with some of your own,
it's show and prove time.
You may have to hit the bricks.
Yeah, or else you're going to be like a puppy on a skateboard on a boat.
Listen, you are up to your eyeballs in alligators right now,
and you need to get it together.
Yeah.
I am exposed in my job.
I'm exposed to a sort of surprising amount of corporate speak,
the kind of language I never thought I would hear growing up.
Like lewd curse words?
No, like adult language.
No, like synchronize synergy.
Now, I heard one for the first time this last summer.
We were at a game developers studio
and they were going to show us some secret stuff
and they referred to it as opening the kimono.
Now, if you have not heard this expression, it's ghoulish.
And there is a great temptation to say,
I'm going to start saying that.
Don't.
What's under the kimono?
Does that mean they're inviting you to a swinger party?
I'm going to-
Who wants to see-
Listen, we just brought you guys here.
We're just going to open the kimono, just show you.
And that's like, it's the expression for like, show you everything.
And this is like a business thing.
Who wants to see Mario's penis?
We're going to open the kimono and happy ending.
Because that's on special order today.
It's Mario and Wario's penis.
Two penises at once underneath this sweet kimono.
I tell you what, if you're at home
and you've heard a cool business expression,
business idiom being thrown around at your office,
send it to us.
Maybe we'll read some next week.
Most of our business terminology that we use
at my current employer, Polygon,
are just things that we started joking about
and then started saying unironically.
So like, I heard the guys on You Look Nice Today
say blue sky solutioneering, started saying it as a goof,
and now we say it for real.
Now we just actually say, let's blue sky solutioneer this.
We often refer to ourselves as solutionaristas at work
because we've got to figure out problems.
And I wish that that was not true.
Like if I come up with like a really good idea at work,
sometimes I'll call it like the final solution.
I'm dying, son of a bitch.
All right.
I don't want to do this podcast.
I don't either.
I don't think anybody else does too.
I'm done with it.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
It's an advice show for the Modron era.
Thank you so much for listening.
I'm sorry it got hostile.
But I do want to thank everybody for tweeting about the show.
Mike Kloss, Noah, Anna Ang, Anna Meyer, Brian Wildsmith,
Grant Buell, as always, our dear friend, Michael Maney.
If you haven't gotten a chance to check out
his NBNBM origin comic, we posted a link to it.
Man, it's beautiful.
Make sure you get it.
How about that Dr. Mudgeon art?
Our dad's comic column, Dr. Mudgeon,
he did a piece of art with all of us
and our significant others in it.
And it's really dope.
Thank you to Dan Rubenstein, Samuel Doran,
and Stoke Romance, Wicked Cheap, Bursar K. Greetness.
And Rocky Horror is working on the next
My Brother, My Brother and Me mixtape.
So if you have any suggestions or requests,
make sure you tweet at him at Rocky Horror.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Is it going to have Skrillex in it, you think, this time?
I don't know.
I think he might do some dubstep breaks.
Good.
Maybe trip step.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Griffin, did you want to thank anybody?
I want to thank, of course, John Roderick,
the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
I also want to thank John Roderick for the fruit basket he sent me.
It was lovely.
Did he really?
Yeah.
What the fuck?
He heard I got engaged and he was like, hey, congratulations.
Every week, every week, I push albums from that guy.
And I don't, that's, that's it.
Is it possible he just doesn't like you?
I'm cutting off the gratitude train.
No, I'm not.
I'll keep it.
I'll keep it going.
I'm sorry.
Make sure to listen to all the other MaxFun podcast,
Stop Podcasting Yourself Bullseye, Throwing Shade,
Jordan and Jesse Go, all those, all those hit shows.
And tune in next week because I'm going to be the most jet lagged
that any human being has ever been in the history of mankind.
And it's going to be probably, it's going to be real fun to listen to, I bet.
Catch that.
And anyway, Griffin, I believe you have one more question for us.
Something for us to grow on.
Yeah, sure.
Something for us to ponder, chew on.
Yeah, this one was sent in by Christopher.
Thank you, Christopher.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Tanya, who asks,
Eel help.
Has he gone crazy?
Oh, sorry.
One more time.
Eel help.
Has he gone crazy?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Just going to wear it on the lips.
