The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna? Just say, hey I wanna. Just say, hey I wanna.
Hey everybody, welcome to My Brother and Me, an invite show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
It's me, the sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. I am so sorry that I was late
recording the podcast. Like 20 minutes late. 40 minutes combined between me and Travis.
Yeah, wasted. That's 40 minutes of our life we won't get back. What could we have done with
that 40 minutes? Knowing you, you were probably like watching old episodes of Sister Sister on
Hulu or something. I'll have you know I was eating cold fried chicken over my kitchen sink like a
monster. And I was watching old episodes of Sister Sister on HBO Go. I was taking a cold shower.
Uh, that's my new thing. If you haven't tried it, I would highly recommend it. Very bracing,
very good for the heart, the creativity. I do that as well. It's also very good for
your skin and for your smell. When do you start that Trav? Uh, I started about uh,
about eight months ago. Yeah, do you only take cold showers? Well what I do is I start off warm
and then turn the temperature down. Ah, you do that James Bond shower. Do that James Bond
shower. That's correct Griffin. Are you trying to get rid of some hard-ons? You two just got chronic
hard-ons for China squash? I do, but it's not connected. It's actually, I think an old wives
tale that taking the cold shower increases one's sexual potency. No, it can't and it won't. It
gives you better boners because it freezes them in place. And it freezes the blood in there?
It freezes the blood in your boner-sickle. This is the worst introduction we've ever done.
Because we're just talking about frozen boners. This was your idea Griffin. You were curious
about the cold shower lifestyle that Travis and I are living. And I'm here to tell you,
almost every day you switch it to cold. I get in it like lukewarm and then I just go full cold
shower the whole time. Uh, it feels, at first it feels like you're gonna die. I'm dying. But then
it's like I'm alive. You come through a hole. You live in that pain. You just exist in it. And then
you can't feel it anymore. Um, but how do the ghosts talk to you? Sorry, what? How do you,
oh sorry, not talk, but how do the ghosts get messages to you? Oh, without the steamy mirror.
I got you. The mirror gets steamy from the hot shower and then the ghost is like,
hey Griffin, have a good day. Love your grandpa. Love your, sorry, it's not denoting who it's from.
Love your grandpa. It's like, by the way, we're out of salsa. Can you pick some up?
Love your wife, Rachel. I want you to do two things for me today. I need you to run to HEB.
I need you to get some salsa, preferably of the mild variety. And also go love your grandpa.
Boo, it's me, your wife. I can't believe your wife was grandpa ghost catfishing you the whole time.
You misunderstand. She just wants me to love my grandpa. Okay. And also to go get some salsa
because we are plum out. Are you completely out or do you have like the dregs at the bottom,
but nobody really wants the dregs because there's like one tomato chunk in there.
No, it's not. I'm not worried about the tomato chunks. I'm worried about the
Tostito residuals. There's one sad chip in there that's just been marooned from his flock.
Here's the other thing about salsa. Yeah. But seriously, I do want to say one other thing
about salsa. Don't you guys hate it when you see a jar of flavored salsa, like some sort of exotic
salsa, like maybe a mango habanero salsa and you think, oh my God, that's going to be great.
And you eat it and you're like, well, that was good. But now I've condemned myself to this salsa
for, you just want, your buds want just like normal salsa. That's only a party salsa, Justin,
because you're basically tasking your group of friends to take on the beast with you.
Yeah. I don't want to go this alone. Yeah, sure. It's a Sunday, you just got out of church and
you're just looking for a sensible dip. And all that you've got is a sweet salsa. And that's
on Saturday night and it's party time. That's what you want. Let me hit you guys with this.
As long as we're talking about salsa, one last sort of salsa avenue I want to take us down.
Hop in your row boats through the lovely avenues of Salsa Venice, where the alleyways are just
salsa, salsa Greeks. And we're going to go on this salsa trip together. How about this salsa idea
that I've just come up with? Individual salsa packets, like ketchup packets, but it's just a
little bit of salsa in there. And then you can have whatever kind of fun flavors you want in there.
Are you talking like a little ramekin size or just like literally like a little pouch?
A little pouch. I think they have those. They're at Taco Bell and you can take as many as you want.
Oh, that's salsa in there, idiot? Well, I mean, it's more like taco sauce.
Yeah, it's more like taco sauce. That's a totally different thing.
I'm drinking a tall glass of salsa right here. I mean, it's actually more like water.
You can't just call things salsa. You can't just call things other things.
This is an original idea. You've made me so upset and we haven't even started the show.
I used to think that the thing about, you always think fresh salsa, you're going to make it homemade,
right? You're going to put it in the bullet. I have never thought this. I've never thought
that once in my adult life. You're going to think it's going to be so good, get it homemade, and then you just make salsa at home.
It just tastes like garbage. It's like a slurry of shitty vegetables and like,
oh, this is from my garden. Really? Because it tastes like trash. It's almost like there
should be a professional version of it you could pay money for that somebody who knows better than
you made. Yeah. I recreate other things in my home. Right. I have brought other things into my
home that I've tasted in the outside world that I've enjoyed. Today I tried two, this is not a joke,
I tried two different preparations of candied bacon because I'm trying to find the one that works
best for me and my family. I am here to tell you the results are private.
Well, you're still trying to get funding. You don't want to release the results too quickly,
or else no one's going to pay. Hey guys, as we're talking about salsa, did I ever tell you about
the time that I was in my high school TV news class? I say news, but it was really just fun
vids for kids. I tried to make a cooking show using the condiment station at Huntington High
School. There's one episode where I did try to make salsa using packets of hot sauce and
banana peppers and tomatoes and lettuce. I didn't have a whole lot going on. I didn't have a lot
to work with. Can I tell you that I failed and what I created is unspeakable. Now you have IBS.
When I was in my TV production class in high school, I was not well liked at all. Everyone
thought nobody liked me in my TV production class, which was not a rarity in high school,
but it was really pronounced in the TV production class, which is somewhere I thought I would fit
in pretty well. The whole class was run by just jackbooted hillbilly thugs. One day I looked in
the TV monitor and I saw that they had trained a camera on me and written at the bottom of the TV
monitor, Justin is a homosexual. I was upset not to be called a homosexual. That's fine. That's
their prerogative. At the bottom, I didn't know how to make words come up on the screen. I didn't
even know that was something we could do in class. I was upset about that because I thought that my
superiority intellectually would carry me, but I didn't even have that to hold over them anymore
because they had all these advanced video toaster techniques that I was not privy to.
Do they actually use those words or was it more colorful? That's the weird thing about it. If one
was making a nature documentary. On the sexuality spectrum, Justin lands closer to the homosexual
side of things. Observe him in his natural habitat, which is getting bullied in high school.
Do you guys just want to wrap this whole time? We've gone like nine minutes now without doing
a classroom. Yeah, let's keep going. What did that remind you guys of? High school?
I did a hard-hitting expose in my high school TV media class about why the third lunch period
always ran out of turkey clubs. When I was doing it, I fucking felt like I was cracking this case
wide open. Then the lunch lady informed me that it was because they were very popular,
so everybody ate them during the first two lunch periods. After that, she always held a turkey
club for me that I could eat. She would hide it under the table and then give it to me during
third lunch period. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. I did a hard-hitting expose. One day,
we all got pedometers in high school and then whoever racked up the highest count over the
course of a week got a bike. There were some kids that would just sit in class and shake their
pedometers to get that number going. I did a hard-hitting expose on pedometer shaking,
but it did devolve into just a bunch of jerk-off gags, like a bunch of jerk-off gags.
One day, when I was in media production in middle school, we had a weekly news program for all of
Comac. I think it was WCMS was the name of the show because it was Comac Middle School and it
was the show. I used to do top 10 lists as a comedy segment on WCMS. I don't know if you guys
have heard about these top 10 lists, but they were ahead of the curve. Maybe I wasn't targeting my
audience very well. Maybe it was a little too adult, too grown up. I was fired from doing top
10 lists because they told me that they didn't want to do them anymore. The next week, I'm
sitting in class watching WCMS and what do I see? John Fraley on the screen doing a top 10 list,
stealing my bit I stole from David Letterman and just doing it like, here are some. They were like,
it was all fart gags. There was no nuance, nothing.
Now, Griffin, did you get to do KidsMag or was that just Justin and I?
No, I didn't get to do it. I was not invited on the air. I think they knew that
my material was a little bit too raw.
KidsMag was a local kids news program that was shown, I think, Saturday mornings,
Sunday mornings on WWK. It's great because I'm really glad that there's filmed evidence of what
giant, giant. Holy shit, what a dingus you are. Oh God, man. A Minkus, I would say. I was a solid
Minkus. You were Minkus Khan. They had to pay Travis for his life rights to Minkus.
They didn't want a lawsuit on their hands, so they actually paid him a nominal fee to be able
to use the character Minkus in Boy Meets World. I just picture Mom and Dad looking at me while
I was watching Boy Meets World and they were like, he's pretty close, but we could get closer.
And then they took a picture of Minkus and said, give us these glasses and this haircut
and whatever shirts you can find that kind of look like this, and then put them on the air.
Let's do our thing.
No, absolutely not. I refuse.
I spent like a half hour looking up Yahoo's, by which I mean going through our Gmail and
picking my favorite Yahoo's. And I don't want that work to be for naught. I already had 20 minutes
wasted for me today. Use them next week. They'll keep. I feel like people are gonna get angry if
we don't do advice. I'm showing, not telling. I'm showing through my life experience how to live.
Okay, so what have we said so far that's been actionable? Take cold showers,
individually wrapped salsa packets. But do be a Minkus, Travis, because you were a happy kid.
You know my one regret, Griffin? I didn't embrace it. I was a very smart kid. I was
in the advanced programs, but I wanted to be cool. And I was so worried about that,
that I didn't just like go on to be a very rich doctor or a lawyer or engineer or scientist.
Isn't it funny how like, I don't think I was a smart kid. I think I was really,
really good at taking tests. And like, whenever I talk about like now that I'm an adult,
and I talk about being in the tag classes and the talented and gifted classes, and I brag,
I'm bragging. But really, I know in my heart of hearts that I just really was psyched to like
twice a week play Island of the Zoombinis. Yeah. Do a math blaster? Do some math blaster. And I
did great at math blaster. Again, I do not think I was especially smart. I think I was just like
dope at video games. And I didn't, I refused. I was, I was defiant against learning anything
from the Island of the Zoombinis. They were trying to teach me problem solving skills,
trying to teach me logic, reasoning, morals. And I said, thank you Zoombinis for the lessons,
but I will ignore those. I'm just trying to get a high score because I'm a number one, 100% gamer.
I remember we built a toothpick bridges. We did some Coke can like balancing scale.
I built a toothpick version of Jeff Bridges and he was my boyfriend for a while.
Here's the thing. When I described the tag class to people, people often don't believe me that I
got into it because of how especially smart I was because when I described, well, we would lay in
like a pillow thing and read. And the kids hear it. Yeah. And then we would, we would play math
blaster and people were like, and this was for especially smart kids. I think the more I think
about tag, the tag classes we're in, did we explain that means talented and gifted? Yeah.
Tag. That's what that stands for. Not smart, not smart. Listen to the words. Not smart,
talented and gifted euphemism and euphemism. I think, I think really that where I think about
it, it was more of like a, a wedgie quarantine. Like these kids, these kids are not going to
survive. They are not going to live to middle school and we can't lose another one. We have to
cordon them off to keep them from the rest of the kids just so they are not nuclear wedgie.
Yeah. I was going to talented and gifted classes. It was like Tuesday and Thursday. And on Wednesday,
I was going to speech therapy. So really just like I was leaving class three out of five days
of the week to go be weird. Who's that kid? I don't know. He comes around sometimes. I think
he's a ghost. I think he's a minkus. Should we bully him? Let's get to it tomorrow. Oops.
There's your mistake. You gotta catch him on Monday and Friday. I gotta set it. Promise me
you'll remember this time guys. You have to remember this time we'll bully. I would, I would,
they would try to bully me and I'd be like, hold please sirs before you try to bully me a riddle.
You have one sheep, one sack of grain and one wolf and only two rafts to get them. Oh, oh,
nope. You're bullying me. It's happening. I'm being bullied right now. Didn't even want to take a
crack at it, huh? But then by fifth grade we were all on safety patrol and that's where you
wield the true power. Right. Everybody respects that. A safety gun.
It's just for looks. I got fired. I got fired from safety patrol. Did you? I was a loose cannon.
What did you do? I got too many temerits. I mouthed off the teachers. What the, what? Yeah. No you
didn't. I did. I was late to like a shit. It was like my third temerit and I was late to get out
to the corner and the teacher was like, you were late. And I was like, I don't think I was. And that
was my third temerit. And I got kicked off. I had to turn in my badge and sash. I really liked the
flag part of safety patrol. That's where you help people cross the street. Did every school have
safety patrol and fire patrol? I don't know. I don't know if they did or not. I'm just going
to assume that they did. And I had a big flag that I would use to help kids cross the street,
but really it was a bo staff like Donatello had in the teenage turtles. And I would, I would
flail it around and do all kinds of stick and stick like stunts with it. And I realized now as
a 28 year old man that maybe I just wanted to be in flag core, but I also wanted a badge and they
don't give you those in flag core. I know there's no badges. I also think that now most of that
safety stuff is done by adults because somebody realized that what they were doing was putting
the lives of children into the hands of children and then sending the children with sashes to stand
in the middle of the street. Yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine like the, like their children,
like they're still chill that you're giving the children, the power to stop cars. Like,
what are you doing? All right. Stephen, you got this, right? Like you can barely tie your shoes,
but you can like decide when is it safe, right? Okay. Have fun. I remembered the one time that
this girl walked around my flag. What? She didn't respect, she didn't respect the staff
or the badge. She just walked around and I tried to stop her and I couldn't. And that's when I
realized that authority is meaningless. It's all an illusion, Justin. It's all an illusion. You can
build your own bridges. You know, she taught me a powerful lesson that day. Your own Jeff Bridges
to be your boyfriend. So you guys are on safety patrol and fire patrol. Do you guys remember in
safety patrol there being a rush on the really good flag staff? Oh yeah. I remember we had some
that were like kind of crummy and threadbare. They were like frayed on the end too. Yeah. Yeah. And
I was always afraid to get those cause I thought I'd break it accidentally. And that's a big
demerit there. Was it bamboo? It was bamboo. Yeah. It was like bamboo staffs that they attach flags
to. With a blade on the end, a crude bronze blade. I will, I will also say, I want to say it was
Ms. Wilson was the head teacher of safety patrol. To her credit, even though I was kicked off of
safety patrol, I was still allowed to attend the yearly event at Camden park celebrating all the
safety patrol. I was just shows up, but beard all grizzled, fucking Hawaiian shirt, half unbuttoned,
like a ring of cocaine still around. Hey, you guys still patrolling? You know, I still got it.
I could patrol right now. No problem. Down at Camden park and all the other safety patrol
kids were rounded up and I was left as like the rogue guy. Cause they were like, he's not
in safety patrol. He didn't even have a sash, but I still had all the wherewithal. Yeah. I fucking,
I saved all of them. Swimming through the log flume, like popping up, slitting a dude's throat.
Or safely escorting him through traffic. Yeah. That's another thing. One of those two things.
Their whole plan hinged on running through traffic and the, luckily there was one man
there able to stop him. I was captain of the fire patrol one year. Got. Whoa. Yeah. I got a lot of
puts. I was talking about, uh, uh, getting fired from the patrol and, uh, it reminded me of one of
the two times I've ever been fired at a job. One of course was cause I stole a copy of fight club
and got fired from blockbuster. Among other things, among other things, show girls, the VHS tape.
No, it didn't. I had Tommy read, uh, while we were on vacation, he taped that off at HBO for me. I
didn't need to get that. You had that. God, this is the second time that we've had to do this
intervention on the show before it had a blockbuster video box. I found your stash. I got a better,
I got a better copy later, but that was like, I didn't need it. Um, so I got fired from,
did you guys know I got fired at the pub? I used to be, I, you know how I'm always telling jokes
and doing like jicanery and stuff. Well, well, uh, that job, that, that proclivity for entertainment
got, um, it got me a job at the pub, uh, and family fun center as a weekly, uh, weeknight DJ
on Fridays and Saturday nights. I'd be the one up there spinning CDs and playing everybody's hits
from the fifties, sixties, seventies, and today. Um, and I, uh, they constantly wanted me to add
new stunts, new like tricks and stunts to my repertoire while people were trying to eat some
fucking pizza. Yeah. Devil, devil sticks. Yeah. Yeah. The guy named Chad that I replaced,
he later came back. He got a job at circusy. He like was so, he, he had like a way with it. I
don't know how he was able to do it, but I think he turned it up really loud and sometimes he would
light some, um, he would light the table on fire. That was like a cool trick. I got demoted from
that position. They like called me in. They're like, would you consider doing some extra stunts?
Like maybe trying to get people to do the YMCA or maybe bring in a suit and do a blues brothers
performance with somebody else. And I said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not, not, not, not, not,
not. What a crazy thing to ask. What a, what a crazy thing that you were working in the arcade.
You were like ticket exchange. No, I got demoted to that, to that. You were, you were front room.
You were at the big show. I was in the big show. And then I had to watch the big show while I
fucking unjammed a token out of the, the, uh, sunset writers machine. Sure. They moved you
from the place where you did not belong to the place where you absolutely belonged.
Because maybe I just love that job for you because one time me and Alex White rolled up,
we're like, Hey, we're going to beat this Sega underwater shooter game. And it would,
otherwise it would cost you $130 in quarters to do that. And you're like, let me show you
a special switch. And you show a special switch when you played it all day long. It was the best
day of my life. So still dirty that day. No, still, still. Sorry, Rachel. Um, yeah,
I liked working back in the arcade. That was a good gig. Did you ever steal shit? What?
Did you ever steal shit? What am I going to steal? I'm going to jeopardize my job so I can
take home 30 wacky wall gummy crawlers. Like really one of those pencil toppers. Let me say
this. You work at an establishment, uh, where you sell things that you like and you steal from it.
And it's great because now you have the things that you like, right? The, the arcade, there's
not a lot of stuff that you like there. Unless you steal like a, like a, an arcade game. Well,
yes. If you can see, if you can get the sunset writers into your car, then it was never the pubs
to begin with. It was just waiting for you. Right. Um, but what I'm saying is it's less about what
you like and more about like sort of the, you steal the fog machine, right? You steal the disco
ball. That's 30,000 tickets. That's so like the, the, the fiscal sense that that makes, right? Like
you know, you're stealing a 30,000 ticket item. I'm not saying you steal a bunch of tootsie rolls
for five tickets a pop. I'm saying you steal the bike for 200,000 tickets. Right. And you know that
like there's no way anybody would ever get that thing. And so like the, I don't know. I would
think I would find that just deeply, deeply rewarding, but that stuff was always there.
That's like, that's like why I couldn't steal the bike. The bike was like part of the decoration.
I think it had a fucking chips logo on it. Like if you move the bike, the paint underneath was
a different color. Absolutely. Like you couldn't take the bike. Everybody would notice that.
Did you work at Tilt too? Or am I dreaming now? Nah, nah, nah. I didn't work at Tilt. I applied to Tilt but
didn't make that. But you know what? Considering sort of financially what became of Arcade specifically
Tilt, which is now a Primitives store at the mall. That was probably- Did you know I live around the
corner from a Primitives? I could spit on a Primitives. I could open up my window right
now and spit on a Primitives. I wouldn't think Austin would be like a hotspot for Primitives.
Wait, what is Primitives? They sell a lot of things made of cow hide. For us, it's like,
I don't know, sort of a fake pioneer. Like if all the pioneers had like unlimited- Oh,
interesting. So a bunch of like corn husk dolls and- That kind of thing. Maybe some whisk brooms.
See for our Primitives, it sells just a lot of things made out of cow hide. A lot of reclaimed
wood. A lot of like things that you would see in a wealthier person that maybe lives up in the
hills but they still want to like keep it real so they have like a few wooden Native Americans.
Oh, see. So like here in Los Angeles, it would be like old film reels and like really vintage
cocaine. Yeah, exactly. That's hard too because it sticks together and you just get big rocks of it.
I mean, yeah, at that point, it's more of a showpiece than a practical thing unless,
you know, you get really late at night and all the other cocaine has run out and then you're like,
well, and that's when you like crack open your canter of cocaine. You dig through your fridge
and you're like, there's gotta be some cocaine here somewhere. And then you just cut away the
moldy part of the cocaine and it's still good. It's still good, man. Still that booger sugar
still gonna get you feeling so right. Get in the pool. Hey, get in the pool.
Do you guys ever do cocaine? No.
No. I don't think that's like a crazy question. Someone out there is doing cocaine.
Yeah. Hey, hey, someone's gotta be doing it, right? We're talking about it. Someone's gotta
be doing it. Somebody's gonna win. I remember in college fighting out their girlfriend of mine had
done cocaine at her senior prom. Nice. It rapid, it like drastically changed my opinion of her
like in a split second where I went, oh. And like the, I was 21 at the time and the thought
that flashed in my head was, I think she's too hardcore for me because she had done cocaine once.
I was a babe. I have been places, I have lived places where cocaine was enjoyed irresponsibly.
Right. Basically every night. And one time me and my roommate took a Blockbuster DVD back
for one of said enjoyers. Just doing them a quickie favor and we ran it to the Blockbuster
and when the guy opened it up to make sure the disc was in there, a very small bag of cocaine
fell out. Let me grab that. To my roommate's credit, to my roommate's credit, it was like a
like a three card Monty dealer. Like that level of subtlety. He just like put his hand on the,
put his hand like, no late fees. But like when he sat down there was some cocaine underneath it.
My friends Nick and Rusty, who were the guys hanging out in college,
they took me under their wing and they did a lot of cocaine. Maybe not cocaine,
but definitely a lot of weed. I remember very clearly. Well those two aren't analogous at all.
No, I know. But I needed a way into talking about Nick and Rusty because the fun thing about hanging
out those cats is I literally hang out with them every single day. It was like the first place I
hung out that wasn't my parents. You know what I mean? Like I would be there constantly after school
and they smoked weed every single day and I never did. But it was a very weird position to be in
because every day was the same routine of like, well let's go rent Jekyll and Hyde together again
from Blockbuster and get some of those pepperoni pan pizzas from the Super America. And I would
like, this is a good day for you guys? Like you're enjoying, you're having a fun day today? I was
more of like a weed mascot, I think. But then I began to question like, am I maybe, I'm not high,
but they do have me around every time. And every time they also eat pepperoni pizza from the Super
America and also rent Jekyll and Hyde together again. So maybe am I part of the essential weed?
Like am I the Doritos of people?
You're the Doritos of dudes.
I mean, that's the only way they can, maybe they only liked me when they were high? I don't know
exactly what role I was playing there.
No, no, no, no, Justin. Everybody likes pepperoni pizza all the time.
Right, sure.
You just like it more when you're high.
It heightened the experience of hanging out with me.
You could really get every sense of the Justin McElroy when you're high.
We actually, oh, I actually helped to fund a drug dealing operation. They wanted to get
into selling weed. This was at Rusty, it was a friend of his whose name escapes me,
but he wanted to get into selling weed.
Hooba Stank, his name is Hooba Stank.
His name was Hooba Stank.
Hooba J Stank.
I gave him some money on the promise that my investment of money would be returned to me
because he would purchase weed and then sell it to me and then give me back more money
than I had given him.
Are you just now realizing the repercussions for your actions, Heisenberg?
We're way past the, what's it called?
Statute of Limitations.
Statute of Limitations on this. And I'm joking, it's a podcast.
But the-
Dude, you get the money back. Don't leave me on pins and needles.
What? Yeah, I made like $10, so worth it.
So what you're saying is selling drugs, good way to go.
Pays off. Well, no, not selling drugs. I never saw the product.
Just being a venture capitalist in the drug world.
Yes.
You weren't Heisenberg, you were Gus Fring. You were in charge of the whole thing.
And at the top of the ladder, Justin Kingpin McElroy.
Yeah, can I ask what your name, your cool drug guy name was?
I didn't have a drug guy name, but we did have a name for our corporation.
It was called Balls Out United.
Come on.
I was in college, what do you want from me?
So you really were in business with Hubert J. Stankington.
It was easy money. Here's what I will say about selling drugs.
No, here's what I will say about funding drug sales. It's easy money.
10 of them. It's easy 10 money units.
You know, people say like every time you buy drugs, you're also helping to fund terrorism
because of their whole thing.
But keep in mind that by buying drugs, you might just be helping me to buy that one last
Marvel Legends action figure I needed to complete the robot
that had like one piece of his body in each package.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do. I'm sorry. I'm just like, I guess I'm like disappointed in you.
Well, I mean, I'm kind of disappointed too because I can
retrospect that's pretty heavy, but at the time it seemed like a very accessible way.
Can I ask how much you put in?
Yeah, like $75, I think.
It was not a major investment.
Were you, wait, were you the sole investor or did you have like a 10% stake?
Yeah, I was the money man.
Okay, let me put it this way. If you're trying to bust this guy and your plan was follow the money.
But this is just in quarters. Does he work at an arcade? What the fuck?
Yeah. Why are there pub pizza family fund center tokens in here?
If you follow the money, it would have led to me.
You would have thought that I was the kingpin of this organization.
It would have been just like two Polaroids on a cork board with just like one line between us.
Justin, can I say how much money I would pay for a just interrogation video of 19 year old Justin
McElroy with like two cops with like a bright light shining in his face. It's all I want.
With his frosted tips.
Sorry, I've been waiting for an opportunity to talk to you about your frosted tips.
They would have dropped a bag of weed on the table and said,
so does this look familiar? And I could look dead in the eye and say,
I do not know what that is. And then they said,
this is $75 worth of weed because it's 1936.
What if they could have literally put like construction paper leaves of marijuana
in a pile on the table and they would said, does this look familiar? And I would have
not literally not known if they were messing with me or not.
Is this what weed is? I have no idea. I'm just the money man.
Speaking of money.
We deserve money for not doing advice.
Yep. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. We get, we get our money no matter what.
We need to buy and sell weed.
Yeah. My brother, my brother, me is supported in part by harrys.com,
which offers high quality shave better for your face and better for your wallet.
I'm a huge fan of Harry's products that make great razors.
I love their aftershave. They have an aftershave lotion that I adore.
I love their beforeshave. The pre-shave.
I love the during shave lotion that you're doing with your left hand
while you're shaving with your right. Yeah.
It's next level shave maneuvers. You don't want to do this if it's your first time shaving.
It's like you're patching, it's like you're patching drywall.
Yeah. The wall is your face.
I like the intra-shave lotion, which is between two shaves.
When you think I really should shave, you just need to calm down a little bit
and not shave. That's a great lotion.
I like the anti-shave lotion.
And you put it on your face and it's like the Santa Claus movie.
Hair just grows right back.
Speaking of, hey listeners who join me on Periscope, thank you so much.
I'm just going to go ahead and cover this one outright.
People will keep asking, how did I grow my beard?
Just didn't shave it.
Don't shave it.
Just stop shaving.
But you do want to shave and Harry's is going to help you do that with a $15 starter set
that includes a razor foaming shave gel or shave cream
and three razor blades plus free shipping.
$15, that's a great deal, but we're going to make it even better.
If you go to harrys.com and use the coupon code, my brother,
use the code, my brother, all one word, you can save $5 off that starter set.
And too often a lot of shave stuff is always marketed like directly towards men,
which is a mistake.
I think that Harry's is good for everybody.
Anybody will like using Harry's.
It's an excellent quality razor where you get really reasonably priced blades.
Teresa uses it.
She loves it.
So that code again, my brother, go to harrys.com, use coupon code, my brother,
and save $5 off of that starter set.
Travis, who's our next sponsor?
Oh, that would be a little company called Squarespace.
Squarespace is a gigantic company.
They're immediate.
Griffin, I was doing, it was ironic.
My brother, my brother and me is brought to you in part by Squarespace,
the all-in-one website platform.
At this point, is there anybody who like,
what's the Venn diagram of people who listen to podcasts,
but don't know what Squarespace is?
I mean, there's only one website on the internet that doesn't use Squarespace,
and it's the Space Jam website that's still in operation after all these years.
Can you please just fucking talk about Squarespace?
Yeah, Squarespace sites look professionally designed,
regardless of your skill level, with no coding required.
You can start your free trial site today with no credit card,
at Squarespace.com.
Use the offer code, MYBROTHER, all one word,
and you'll get 10% off your first purchase.
Squarespace, build it beautiful.
You know, I used Squarespace to design this week.
Actually, I used Squarespace to make a website for things I bought at Sheets,
which you can find at Sheets with a Z, show.com.
And I designed that with Squarespace, and it doesn't look very, very good,
but it looks okay.
It looks better than it deserves.
It looks better than it deserves, and I only spent an hour on it.
Like, if I spent a little bit more time, I could make it look really good.
But, like, Squarespace, they really make it easy for you to make a website.
And that was, don't use Sheets show.com as, like, your meter
for how all Squarespace sites should look.
But I did that very quickly, which is a compliment to Squarespace.
So go to Squarespace.com and use the coupon code, MYBROTHER, all one word.
I got my things I bought at Sheets shirt in today, or yesterday.
Pics or it didn't happen.
I mean, I got it in, and it's a nice shirt, and it looks nice,
and I like the design.
It has a very bad smell, and I don't know what the reason is for that,
but I'm excited to wash it and wear it.
Each shirt is scented like a Sheets.
Sheets smells great.
Don't be an idiot.
I got a message for Susan, and it's from Grant.
Message is this.
It reads thusly.
Dear Susan, happy anniversary.
Wherever the brothers decide it should happen,
I'd like to take this opportunity to pay the McElroy's to say nice things about you.
For example, they could compliment you on your blossoming video game skills,
your girls show prowess,
or promise you they'd never lose you in a department store.
Allons-y.
I want to compliment you on your blossoming video game skills,
but that feels like a weird like, girl, you'll be a woman soon.
It's the word blossoming.
Yeah.
Blossoming creeps me out.
Burgeoning.
Your burgeoning video game skills, your development, nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Wrong.
You're flowering.
No.
No, can't.
You won't.
Your cycle.
Happy anniversary, Susan.
Travis, tell me about this next message.
Can I read a message?
Yes.
This message is for Tyler, and it's from Snugglebeard.
Snugglebeard says to Tyler,
since we have to check Facebook to learn our anniversary,
I figured our favorite brotherly trio's timely method of message delivery
wouldn't be too problematic.
I love you, my paycheck in a jock strap.
Wait, let me try that again.
I love you, my paycheck in a jock strap.
I can't wait until all the jokes about you leaving me
because I'm too old come true.
Now, please take your dishes to the sink.
Ooh, Tyler, that's no joke.
Oh, Tyler busted.
Tyler, you leave those dishes out,
you're going to get dried Captain Crunch on the side of the bowl.
That's never coming off.
Also, Snugglebeard's not even asking you to put them in the dishwasher.
Take them to the sink.
Just take them to the sink.
That's nothing.
That's purgatory.
That's dishes purgatory.
Happy anniversary, you two.
Hey, you like t-shirts, right?
How about a mug?
Are your walls looking a little bare?
Visit MaxFunStore.com and cover all of these bases and more.
We just added some amazing new shirts and posters.
So visit today and outfit your home and torso
with the freshest Max Fun merch.
MaxFunStore.com
Speaking of dishes, I made that candied bacon on a cookie sheet.
I made it on a rack, on a cookie cooling rack,
on top of a drying sheet to let the grease drip off
and let the canning process take place.
And I stupidly put the dish into the,
put the pan into the sink when I was done,
ran cool water on it.
Fucking instantly, instantly knew,
well, I'm throwing this out.
This is going to the trash.
I need to buy a new cookie sheet today.
It's completely gone, completely destroyed.
We'll never get it off.
It was a big grease.
It was great.
No, it's not just grease.
Grease I could work with, but the candy.
The candy mixed with the grease crystallized
and it was just seized onto it.
It's never coming off.
Justin, I want to get into this candy.
Were you doing a brown sugar or a praline thing?
Oh, this isn't going to be funny.
No, this is a serious-
I just want it to be funny.
No, but it does, it does, it does.
It's like in iTunes, whenever you click
like my brother, my brother, me, it shows up
under the comedy tab, not under the like cooking.
Well, it could be 96% comedy.
No, it can't.
Just real brother talk.
I can't.
We've done, no, it can't.
This won't even be real brother talk.
I just need to know if it was Fraley-
No, listen, listen, listen, listen.
I'm not going to care.
We can talk about it.
We can talk about this.
I'm just not going to care very much about it.
Is this in the show?
I can't tell if this is in the show.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
All of this is in the show.
Listen, hey, hey.
This is our Outback Steakhouse episode.
No fucking rules, just right.
I'm not going to care talking about candy bacon.
The people listening aren't going to care,
and they're certainly not going to laugh at it.
Why don't you care?
Like when you care if you made it and you enjoyed it?
Yeah, but I can get on-
Or if you made it for you, if someone gave it to you
as a present.
Okay, but I'm not going, I'm going to get on all recipes
and look up the right way to do it.
No, here's what I'm telling you.
You can't just say a bunch of horse shit
and expect to get away with it.
The thing I'm telling you about candy bacon
is that literally 80% of the recipes
you read on the internet about candy bacon
are a fucking lie.
They will make something that is utterly inedible
that you cannot consume.
It's garbage.
I got a recipe from a judge on Chopped,
and I tried her candy bacon, and it was a nightmare.
Which one?
It was inedible.
Which judge?
Alex, Alex.
See, she knows what she's talking about.
I would actually trust her more than I would trust you.
Yeah.
I'm not just about cooking about anything.
No, but Justin's the man on the street.
He's been in the shit.
I'm in the trenches with you.
He isn't the general directing it from his ivory tower.
Justin-
Just in the trenches.
I love you, Justin.
You're my brother, and you've helped me grow and mature
and become the man I am today.
And I will take a peer-reviewed candied bacon recipe
off of the internet that has been peer-reviewed.
I will get on LexisNexis,
and I will find peer-reviewed with thousands of ratings
of people saying, yum, yum, good bacon.
Do you know what all the comments on every recipe
of good bacon recipes are?
Are there people saying, this recipe is horseshit.
Here's how I do it.
And then there's a reply to that that's like,
that will never work.
That'll set your house on fire.
Here's a real recipe for candied bacon.
But there's gotta be one.
You are a wonderful man,
but you're not the computer that wore tennis shoes.
That's why I'm saying I was conducting research
this morning, Griffin.
If you'd listen for a second-
I still wouldn't find the conversation exciting.
So is it praline, or is it just like brown sugar?
Just like brown sugar on top.
And then I put it on a cookie rack, bake it in a foil.
So you could do perfect bacon.
Now Griffin, you know how to make perfect bacon, right?
You make perfect bacon.
There's a foolproof 100%.
There's the bacon method.
Start it in a cold oven, set it at 400,
and wait about 15 minutes until it's done,
and it'll be perfect.
That's perfect bacon.
I like a little cracked black pepper and cumin on it.
Welcome to my house.
Griffin's just playing Hearthstone now.
Why not?
Hey, no rules just right.
Why can't I play Hearthstone?
If we're not gonna do advice,
if we're not gonna do the thing,
now it's our Hearthstone cast.
I've been really enjoying playing the priest class lately,
because there's a lot of card control cards,
and I like to play those and really stump my enemies.
Well, I'll just talk about Hearthstone
if that's what you want to talk about.
I mean, Paladin's a good way to go,
because then you have a lot of damage cards and healing cards.
Listen.
I'm listening.
I don't have anything.
I just didn't want to talk about bacon anymore.
That's the first.
Nobody's ever said that.
Bacon has been ruined for me, okay?
I live in Austin, and so it's like, it's in everything.
It did get kind of, bacon did get kind of ruined.
It's not even the, it's not the food.
It's not the eating it.
I don't, I still get psyched if I'm like at a hotel.
I like like shitty bacon kind of this way.
I like like swag weed that like snickle frits,
because you can smoke a lot of it.
You know what I mean?
And like, I like shitty, flat, floppy, shitty bacon.
Because it's the fun of smoking weed
that really appeals to you.
Yeah, but, but-
Oh no, I'm high already?
I like-
I just started smoking this weed.
No!
I like-
I'm so enjoying it.
I like flat, flat hotel nightmare bacon.
I still get excited about that, but like,
like eating a vegetable and like you've opened up a fold of it
and where you expected to find the life-giving seeds inside.
There's like a bacon chutney.
Like, I just can't get excited about that.
But for me, it's not the eating of the bacon that's ruined it.
It is the fact that bacon has become comedy.
Like there, it is, it is its own sort of comedy food group
where it's just like, is this joke not working for you?
Just say something about bacon.
It's, it's like not-
It's not, bacon's not a punch line.
No, it's thin pig that you fried up.
It's not a, it's not a, some sort of clever play on words.
We just, I think everybody in the nation got so excited
that for once we found something that could unite us
instead of divide us.
Like, I think that was the thing that's like,
we're such a divided country anymore, politically speaking
and ideologically, religiously, I could go on,
that we finally found one thing where we all were like,
you know what, let's just put everything aside
and just enjoy bacon first.
And it was also like bad for you, but not like cigarettes,
you know, not like-
Right.
And it was like, we're gonna be naughty
and have some bacon today.
How's it, I don't wanna talk about bacon anymore.
How's your guys' summer?
I haven't done shit yet.
Okay, moving on to Justin.
Fourth of July, you know?
Okay, so that-
Well, I wanted, Teresa and I wanna do some kind
of vacation thing, but it's hard because like,
one, it's not like we have the summers off from school.
It's not that much different from any other month.
And now that I am a professional podcaster,
i.e. unemployed, it's not really like I have a job
to take a vacation from.
So it's really just spending money at that point.
TV has led me to believe that La La Land
is like a vacation 24 hours a day.
I will say that there is like,
if you've ever been on Atlas Obscura,
which is really awesome and I highly recommend it,
the website, there is like a thousand cool places
to go in Los Angeles that cost nothing,
that are like, here's a weird little adventure day.
But that doesn't really feel like a vacation.
That feels like, I just don't wanna be home for three hours.
And so like, I don't know.
I'm thinking about going to Disneyland, you guys.
I'm 31 years old, haven't been to Disneyland yet.
You have been to Disneyland.
No, I've been to Disney World.
I've been to Disney World, Griffin.
Yeah, I've always wondered about Disneyland.
I feel like it would be just different enough
from Walt Disney World that I would kind of get messed up.
Yeah.
Like it would kind of be hard to,
like I would keep feeling
like I was in a dissociative state or something.
I've been thinking about taking a Swaycation
and let me know if this isn't funny.
But it's, I'm gonna go like get lunch with my friend Sway.
You know that I met Sway once when I was in college and-
Yeah, you never let us forget it.
We had lunch, I had lunch with Sway
and then the next day I had lunch with John Roberts.
Pretty much the best two days.
It goes in order, those two days
and then the best day ever that I mentioned earlier
in the show that I can't remember what I said.
Listen, I've had a pretty good life.
I like going out with Sway,
like different events and stuff like that.
Yeah.
But the one thing I don't like about it
is that he always expects you to reserve a spot with the hang.
He sounds like those really annoying RSVS's,
the respondez-vous Sway.
Yeah, and he makes you fill those out
and return them to him before you can get a good hang.
And then when you're on a cruise ship and it capsizes
and then you and he are the only two survivors
and you swim through the sunken channels
and hallways of the ship to make it to the radio room
to put out a save our Sway dispatch.
And then he always talks about that 90s R&B,
two man on 90s R&B group that he was in right before
they made it huge and then they changed the name
from Kid and Sway to Kid and Play
and then it was like and they just cut him out of the-
Cut him out of the whole thing.
What are the odds that 90% of our listeners
have no idea who you're talking about?
Oh, 100%.
Okay, great.
No, sorry, 100% of our listeners
know exactly who we're talking about.
He's fucking Sway.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
What?
What do you mean?
A what who?
A what?
I'm worried people are listening to this going like,
are they just going to change the whole show?
Is this- I can't stress this enough.
This isn't us being lazy.
This isn't us like not doing the pre-pro work.
I'm looking at an email full of questions just right.
Ooh, juicy, juicy questions.
Extra questions.
There's actually-
Extra questions.
I had eight questions as we can sort of say.
I have like nine Yahoo's and we've got them all together
and then at some point we just made this unconscious decision
just to neglect them.
If we don't go the full hour, like-
Right.
Do you remember that time we went to see the Reds game
and it started raining
and everybody else cleared out of the stadium
and we're standing in the hallways
waiting for the rain to blow over
and we were like,
we're going to stay in our seats the whole time
and be cool dudes
and then lightning struck a flagpole
on the opposite side of the ballpark
at which point after sitting in the rain for an hour
then we got up and went and stood in the hallways
with everyone else.
Do you want to be back?
And we left.
We left because we were wet
and then the rain stopped
and everybody else got to enjoy the game.
I think we also stopped at skyline
because we also wanted to shit ourselves on the way home.
We definitely-
One of the best things about going to a Reds game-
So we live three hours away from Cincinnati
in Huntington is three hours away from Cincinnati.
So it would be a day trip, right?
So we would-
So dad would say,
hey boys, let's go.
Sometimes mom would come too
but I remember it being a few times
it was just like the four of us
and it would be like, let's make a day of it.
Go see a Reds game.
So we'd drive up in the morning.
We'd get there, you know
we'd get the mini Reds bat
and we'd watch the game.
Justin would fill out an application for a credit card.
That almost always happened.
I did do that once.
Started myself on a road to financial ruin
that I'm still trying to escape from.
I was 16 years old
and I got one to get a free Reds baseball cap.
Hi Justin, they sell those.
Hi dad, you had to co-sign.
Like, fuck everybody.
So that was a great thing.
And then as we would leave the stadium
and I had my like, I can't wait to get a credit card.
I wonder what that's like.
As we're leaving, still on that credit card high
we would always stop at Skyline Chili
and then have a three hour drive home.
It was just like a fart rocket.
It was like, do you want to sous vide yourself in farts?
Do you want to fart a ceviche here in our Toyota Corolla?
Like, let's just do it.
We would get out and we would open the door
so we got home and the outside of the car
would just be like unpainted, tarnished metal.
The Reds game was right.
God, baseball games are so expensive
because you got to get the tickets.
You got to get the kids the souvenirs.
You have to have the seats of the car reupholstered
and then barn.
Oh, farts.
Yeah, that's what the joke is
because the chili would make you fart.
That's what I was saying.
Let's see.
We talked about safety patrol.
We talked about cold showers.
What else is on your list Griffin?
I did get a credit card.
Travis, thank you for reminding me.
The first credit card I ever got
was at a fucking Reds game for a baseball cap.
What was the limit?
Do you remember the credit limit on that?
$16,000.
Okay, at first, no, no bullshit.
At first it was 500.
Okay.
That's good for a kid.
I'd let my 16 year old have a $500 credit card.
And then I got a letter that it had been extended to $6,000.
And I never-
And this is why we had the credit collapse everybody.
Yeah, because of Justin.
$6,000 credit cards to 16 year olds.
That's right.
That is higher than my current credit card limit.
That's insane.
You know what?
I can't get a credit card now.
Because of Justin.
Because of how bad Justin goofed up.
$6,000.
What?
$6,000?
You might as well have had a blank check at that point.
That is the movie blank check.
It's red card.
That's insanity.
$6,000.
But you know what?
To be fair, I used that credit card to pay my tuition at Marshall
and I used it to buy books.
Which is what I told Linda at Universal Credit.
You knew when I got that debt consolidation loan.
What's up?
Actually, I used it to buy an electric guitar and lots of Taco Bell.
And tons and tons and tons of hero clicks.
Put it on the card.
I'll never have to pay this back.
That's adult Justin's problem.
I am adult Justin.
Thank you for your waste.
I got a call from a-
There's a lot of bad information out there about credit cards.
I got it in my head.
Okay, so I saw one of those commercials for one of those like,
we'll take care of your debt.
No problem.
We'll talk to the creditors so you don't have to.
And I was like, well, that sounds like really great.
And they're like, we'll get you your thing for pennies on the dollar.
And I looked it up.
I googled it.
I was like, what do these companies do?
Because that seems kind of crazy.
And what I basically said is what they tell you is just to basically stop paying.
And then eventually the credit company will get so desperate
that they'll sell the loan to somebody else
and they'll search you out for like less money, right?
Because they just want to get it off the books at that point.
So they'll sell your debt.
And then that person who's a real dick is going to come for you hard,
but for less money.
And I read that and I thought, well, that's what they do.
I could do that right now.
So I just stopped paying it.
In the first fiscally responsible decision I ever made,
I cut out the middleman and just stopped paying my credit card.
Because I realized I was never going to pay it down.
So I'm just going to stop paying it.
It sounds like you also attempted to cut out the upper man.
I cut out the upper man.
Just you, the lower man.
Leaving only me, the lower man, to deal with this.
And I didn't do anything.
And for months it worked fine.
Yeah.
And then I got a very angry call from a gentleman
who wanted some money right then.
But that was for your drugs thing.
That was a different thing.
That was actually, yeah.
He was collecting taxes on Balls Out United.
And then we had an extensive-
Balls Out United, listen to the words that you said.
I can't.
I'm trying to be honest here on our podcast.
I could have gussied it up and maybe made it a cool name.
Speaking of-
Cool Dudes Inc.
Speaking of gussying up and also your Balls Out United phase,
I want to talk to you about those frosted tips.
As long as we're just like-
As long as this is just-
I don't have enough time.
I think as long as we've been doing the Justin McElroy
revelation hour, let's just go ahead
and dive deep into those frosted tips.
I'm going to speak for Justin here.
The frosted tips were a mistake, Griffin.
Because you see, his girlfriend at the time
is getting highlights.
He was there at the salon with her.
What's that?
They had a little bit of leftover, you know, frosting dye.
And he said, well, I can't remember-
Oh my god.
Did someone ask you or did you volunteer?
It's been lost to time.
Been lost to time.
No one will ever know.
Okay, so he volunteered that he wanted-
He was like, oh, give me some tips.
Like Justin Timberlake.
And they're like, you want to get a little bit more-
Hey, hey, my name's also Justin.
This sounds good to me.
And then so what they did was they put,
I would say like 26 very defined points
of frosted color in his hair.
If I remember correctly.
It looked very good.
Do you know that I had a phase before the frosted tips phase
where, you know, the, oh my god.
I can't believe I'm gonna say this.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh god, this is a rough one.
Okay, hold on.
Rougher than you getting couple's frosted tips?
That's worse than I ever could have imagined.
It's rougher than that.
You know those cans of hairspray that you use around Halloween
to color your hair a certain color just as a goof?
Yeah.
I had a period for about two weeks in high school
where I was spraying some of that blonde spray
into my hair to give myself a different look,
a different blonder look.
It fucked my hair up so bad
because it is not meant to be a daily application.
He used it how much?
Get him to the doctor.
Yeah, go to the hair doctor right now.
Justin, Justin.
Griffin.
Last year, you had a beautiful baby girl.
You and Sydney had a beautiful baby girl, Charlie.
She's a wonderful child.
I'm a fan.
It's, I am too.
I like her new stuff and her old stuff.
The whole catalog.
It is a miracle that you were able to produce her
that this ritual that you just described
did not burn and salt your dick completely clean off.
Thank you, Griffin.
I was pretty excited.
I'm excited for you.
Now that I know this, that's a miracle child.
Oh, what a miracle baby.
I'm going to try and canonize her for sainthood
because she should not exist.
And Justin, can you tell me,
did you do all of these hair shenanigans
before or after the credit card?
I'm just trying to develop a timeline of times
I could have stopped you.
Yeah, Travis, I see where you're getting at.
I think that once I did have a net worth
of roughly six thousand dollars,
I felt like I had to live up to that lifestyle.
You know what I mean?
I couldn't just roll into the hottest clubs
with my brown, boring, plain Jane hair.
I had to go in with a three dollar can of costume shop
blonde spray on my locks.
The money really changed you.
This has been a rough episode for you, Justin.
I mean, I didn't come out of it looking great
if that's what you're getting at.
Maybe you should get some blonde tips.
Well, Travis, I've kind of been down that road.
Have you ever thought about shaving your head
into like some kind of a monk's tonsure?
God, yes, yes, yes, Justin, Justin,
you have lived such a wonderful, wonderful life.
I did do that, but that was for a show.
And that was actually laziness
because I couldn't commit to putting a skull cap on every night.
I was Friar Lawrence and Romeo and Juliet
and I had to get, I shaved a tonsure in there.
And then the worst part was that I,
if you shave a tonsure into your head,
the hair is never gonna catch up.
It doesn't work that way.
You'll always end up with a donut.
Yeah, exactly, like a perma donut.
So I was like, well, I've gotta shave it off.
And let me tell you, bald Justin is a look.
The best way I can describe it is
if Uncle Fester and Pugsley had a baby, that was me.
I had like the fat stubby Pugsley body,
but the Uncle Fester head.
Uncle Pugster was Justin.
Uncle Pugster was me.
Oh man.
Did you guys have anything you wanna like get off your chest?
I haven't done anything even,
the tamest thing that you've said so far
is worse than my worst thing.
I think I had a rat tail when I was like seven.
But that's fine, you're seven.
I was seven.
You can do anything when you're seven.
I did all this for you guys.
I fjorded the path for you
so you wouldn't have to make these same mistakes.
Oh, I will also say this towards my minkusing.
For high school, my junior homecoming,
I wanted to have my hair like Sean from Boy Meets World.
So I parted it down the middle, grew it out.
Mission accomplished, by the way.
Did not look like Sean from Boy Meets World.
But I did wear a leather jacket to homecoming
and in all of my pictures.
God, that's good.
Yeah, that's really good.
That was a solid moment.
I think I still have that somewhere.
I, when I was in high school,
my girlfriend went to get highlights.
So I said, let me just get some of that extra goo
and put it right up in my stuff
and then we'll get matching hair color.
Oh, I got confused.
I didn't think you licensed that one.
I think you repurposed that from my life story.
I have another embarrassing one.
I'll just trot this out real quick.
As long as we're just like leaving it all in the court.
When I was in my freshman year of college,
the same girlfriend who I got frosted tips with,
I wanted to surprise her for her birthday.
And I, oh boy.
And I wanted to do something
that she had talked about for a long time,
but I thought just never had the courage to do.
I am terrified right now.
I'm legitimately moving away from my computer and microphone.
Don't move it, just hang there with me.
Okay, I'm just gonna commit.
I'm just gonna go for it.
So I've made her put on a blindfold
and I drove her to Davidson's Music,
which was a combination CD store and piercing place.
And I brought her in the front door,
removed the blindfold and said,
this is my girlfriend
and she would like to get her belly button pierced please.
Because she had talked about it for so long.
She left a girlfriend shaped dust cloud
as she vacated the premises.
That is the craziest thing I've ever.
That is, that is no, no, no.
That's something a serial killer does.
I thought it was a grand gesture.
Okay, appropriately enough,
you were doing it to a high school girl,
which is what a serial killer would also,
that's all they intend to tell you.
If you had said, this is my girlfriend,
I'm going to murder her.
I'm not kidding.
Everything about the blindfold,
the dual purpose establishment where you took her,
the surprise piercing,
all of these things combined are a serial killer.
If it wasn't you telling me this,
I would be calling the fucking police right now.
That's the craziest thing I've ever heard.
Happy birthday, here's a hole.
I'm going to put a hole in you.
Happy birthday, I'm going to put a hole.
This stranger CD, this used CD salesman
is going to put a hole in you
like there's a hole in all his CDs.
While I look at this hooting the blowfish album,
I consider whether or not to buy a second copy.
I, she had talked about it for a while.
So I just thought that she wanted it done.
Put by a stranger and on a surprise date and time.
Put by a stranger and on a surprise date and time.
We're not together.
Didn't work out.
Can we end the episode now?
Yes.
Yeah, sure.
I can't think of a better,
more uplifting way for me to walk away
from the flaming wreckage of my life.
So that's in digital.
I mean, this is digitally archived now.
Yeah.
This is in the cloud.
This is in a library.
I can't get any of these memories back.
Listen, next week advice, I promise.
This is a Griffin McElroy D&T.
Yeah, well, we had advice.
It's just reverse advice this time.
Just don't do anything that we've talked about
the second half of this program.
You will be aces.
I mean, don't do anything we've talked about
for the last 259 episodes.
Right, but still.
Okay, we really need to start the episode now.
Here we go.
All right.
All right.
I'm Justin McElroy.
A lot of people have been asking,
speaking of when we're going to start,
the Totino's thing, 100% true.
We're doing that.
That's a real thing.
Hashtag NBNBAM Totino's.
We have gotten so many awesome already.
I would say at least 35 usable questions
for the Totino's episode.
It's very exciting.
We've gotten hundreds of Totino's flavored Yahoos,
which I'm very, very excited to dig into.
What date is that episode going to be on again?
It's going to be July 22nd, I believe.
Awesome.
And that's a bonus, by the way.
Like we're not, this is not like the new direction
of my brother and me is like sponsored episode.
No, we'll put that up in the middle of the week,
or is it going to go up also on Monday?
It goes up on Wednesday.
What else do you want to talk about?
The Midwest or the Pacific Northwest shows?
Yes.
Well, we've got three shows coming up,
but we've got two with tickets still available.
We're doing shows August 28th, 29th, 30th.
On the 29th, we're going to be in Seattle.
On the 30th, we're going to be in Vancouver.
Tickets are still available for both of those.
On the 28th, we're going to be in Portland,
but that one's sold out.
If you go to bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M Seattle
and bit.ly forward slash V-A-N-M-B-M-B-A-M,
you can find those tickets.
It's assigned seating.
So the longer you wait, the less good your seats will be.
And they're selling, they're selling.
There are a lot of seats that are gone.
There are still plenty of good seats available
and make sure you don't, which sounds like a line,
but really isn't.
Yeah, I would not be surprised if they're sold out before.
But don't wait much longer.
Yeah.
I hope.
God, I hope so.
And if you are going to be attending those shows,
go ahead and start sending us questions now.
Make sure you put either Portland, Seattle,
or Vancouver in the subject line,
depending on which one you're going to be at.
And just, we'll also probably do live audience questions.
Or maybe no advice at all.
Maybe we'll just talk about our jobs
and the horrible, horrible things we did
for our high school girlfriend.
Yes.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Longwinters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Pointing the Days to Bed.
It's a great album.
I've been listening to my old mixtapes
from when I had my college radio show
and there's a lot of Longwinters on there.
So it's a good music option for any time of life.
Well put.
We've also made some updates and some changes
to our YouTube page so that it's a little bit easier
to navigate if you go to youtube.com slash mbmbam.
We have lots of animated shorts.
We have a couple of live show clips.
So go check it out.
Go listen to all the other amazing Max Fon podcasts.
There's far too many to mention, but they're all incredible.
I highly recommend them.
Go check out Things I Bought at Sheets,
Justin's hit YouTube video series.
And go listen to trends like these.
That's a new show that Travis does with his buddy Brent.
They talk about internet trends and important buzzwords.
And it's really great.
Go check that out.
Go check that out.
Instead of a Yahoo, a final Yahoo,
that certainly wouldn't be appropriate,
I'm trying to think of something embarrassing about me
that I can tell.
I really am having a hard time placing.
You know what I wish we could find?
It's one of the Boy Detective recordings.
Oh my god, Justin and I were in a band called Boy Detective.
And it was the greatest band ever.
See, I'm not even embarrassed about that.
I just haven't done one yet.
And my life can't be completely devoid of embarrassing moments.
When I was in high school, we had to do lip syncs
and my song that I chose to lip sync was Sweet Home Alabama.
And I wore a flannel shirt and had a hobo bend
all over my shoulder.
And I just spent the entire song walking back and forth
on the stage, mouthing the lyrics.
And with my thumb out, I just walked back and forth,
mouthing the entire, like lip syncing the entirety
of Sweet Home Alabama.
I mean, Griffin and I also did Walk the Dinosaur
where he played the dinosaur.
But that was adorable.
He was fucking adorable.
And we won second place too.
So like, yeah.
I don't think anything bad has happened.
When I was in seventh grade, our final project
for English class was we had to write a book.
And I did write my own sort of like Tales
from the Mos Eisley Cantina sort of extended universe
Pokemon story that I had to read aloud
in front of the entire class.
And then later that day, Jack Hoover speared me into the mud
and ruined my only copy of the transcript.
I knew there was something Pokemon related,
but I forgot that I had penned my own sort of masterpiece.
We're all disasters.
I'm okay now.
Because now I get paid to write about Pokemon.
Fuck the haters.
Fuck the haters, and kiss your dad's square in the lips.
Hey, girls, do you want to say, hey, I want to?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, everybody.
I'm Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
Every Tuesday, we bring you Sawbones,
a marital tour of Misguided Medicine,
a show about all the dumb, weird, terrible ways
that we've tried to fix each other over the years.
You know, some light summer listening.
Maybe you want to hear about yogurt enemas,
or why we tried to eat mummies for a while,
or why drinking cholera diarrhea sounded like a good idea.
That and so much more is waiting for you every Tuesday
right here on the Maximum Fun Network with Sawbones,
a marital tour of Misguided Medicine.
