The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
It's better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother
Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis big dog. Woof woof McElroy. He's back. He's back on that horse
Good job, Trav. This is Griffin McElroy the youngest one of them guys. We've got a watch
I'm really excited a big-budget rom-com movies are back. They're back coming back on times day
2022 I could say just like movies for adults, you know
Films are back shit. They're back. Marry me starring Jennifer Lopez aka JLo and
Owen Wilson aka Oh will and I'm so excited
Classic pairing. Oh my god, guys. Let me tell you this is a by the book right down the line
Thank you classic story, right? So here it is JLo. Can I guess can I guess actually?
Okay, marry me a story of
Jennifer Lopez and Owen Wilson. They are at a wedding venue in Vegas like a
Cineplex of wedding venues and they're getting married but then they look across at the other venue
like across the hallway and they see each other and they're like want to switch and so they switch
Married this is starting to feel like a Stanley Kubrick. Yeah
Psychosexual in your first experience are their partners also cool with this. Yeah, they love it. Oh, they're cool with it
They definitely like it. Hmm. That's actually less
Less than the actual marry me plot
Well, then but then Owen Wilson and JLo they were originally gonna get married
They switched and now they have to find their way back together. Oh, right. Oh, they were originally gonna get married
Yeah
But then they have to go through two very messy divorces and that sort of legal
Battle is what occupies most of the runtime of the film. It's like Kramer versus Kramer versus Kramer versus Kramer
No, which is the alternate title screenwriter John Rogers of leverage and magicians and a lot of other fame wouldn't deliver such a
Let's say milquetoast plot as you've just outlined Griffin the marry me plan
You know, he's a family show right what yeah I did no I know he and I talked about this movie last night
I'm legitimately excited about this. Okay, so here's what happens. Hear me out
Okay, JLo big famous musician big like famous famous famous
And she is gonna get married to her fiancee on
Stage in front of like the crowd and a live stream of 20 million people while they debut their new song
Marry me but just before the concert. Oh
Also cut to Owen Wilson single dad his friend Sarah Silverman
Convinces him to take his teenage daughter with them to go to the concert, right?
Just before the concert JLo discovers that her fiancee has been cheating on her
So she goes on stage by herself and she's like I was supposed to get married
But you know, sometimes things happen. She sees Owen Wilson holding a sign says marry me and she goes, okay
Yes, and then they get married on stage
Wait, what just like right then just right then baby and that's the beginning of the movie
That's the beginning of the movie. What happens next then they have to fall in love. Oh
Marriage before the love but see here's the thing Justin. Here's the thing
She's super famous and he's like a math teacher or some shit. So he's not boring
He's not ready zilch. No one cares about exactly and he's not ready for it
And then people are live-streaming and they're like he looks like he's in math club and he's like I am in math club
Cuz he's a fucking dork. Oh
I wouldn't why not call this movie nodding thrill. Oh
Like she leads this thrilling, you know rock star lifestyle
And then they get married at first sight another real television show on the Lifetime Network. Thank you very much for that gift
So like I this sounds like an exciting film, but I've seen about 11 seasons of it
Well, here's the thing. I I assume that they haven't given everything away in the trailer, which is a very good trailer by the way
So maybe I don't know there might be like a zombie attack in it or something. Oh
Can I give you a different just to spin it a little bit?
She looks out and sees someone in the audience and she's like fuck it
Yeah, let's get married you and Owen Wilson's like yeah, and he gets up on stage and she's like no not you
Oh the big the big the big hunky boy right behind you and it's been who should walk. It's it is the
The hunkiest boy Vince Vaughn classic current movie. Yeah
They're back together him and almost the dream team fucking dr. Hardbody Vince Vaughn
And that's and that's gonna be
But then Owen Wilson so embarrassed
but there's another person in the audience that sees sad Owen Wilson on stage and is like
I'll marry you and then we're getting closer back to the plot of my original pitch for marry me
Um, can the person who then is like I'll marry you be a bigger like more famous star than or stronger or harder body
Even stronger harder body. No one's stronger or harder
Than Vince Vaughn. Yeah, you're right. Maybe it is also Vince Vaughn. It's Vince Vaughn's twin brother twins Vaughn
No, a real quick. I come I came up with a new bit. Is this called lightning round impression?
Okay, Oh of Owen Wilson. No, it's yeah, it's like we all go around we have to go in a circle anybody can call
This at any point right, but it's a lightning round. I'm only explaining the rules once
Okay, okay lightning round. You just call it and then everybody has to immediately do their impression of the person in order
I called it so I get to go last. Okay, good. Who are you calling? Is that Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn? Oh
Let's start with a neutral. Oh, okay. You want me to start? Yeah
I'm all right. Oh me. I'm all right. I'm a Royal Tenenbaum. No, you're not even trying
Okay, here's my oh wow. It's me Owen Wilson. I'm Marion Jell-o. This is so weird. Oh fuck
I was doing Luke Wilson in Royal Tenenbaums. Okay, you try again
And then I'll do my Luke Wilson doing an Owen Wilson impression which I'm okay
Okay, come on big. Come on big blue. It's old-school time. It's pretty good
Here's my fuck. That was Luke. Well, I did loose. I did fucking Luke again. What's Owen Wilson look like?
What's his deal? He's the one with like the blonde hair
Right from bottle rock right right right right right most well-known from bottle rock. Oh, okay. I'll do can I do one now?
Yeah. Yeah, sure
Damn it Dennis get off of my petunias. No, that's that's pretty good. That was mr. Wilson. Okay, that's mr. Wilson
Please mr. Wilson is my father. Call me Owen. Let me try it. Let me try one more. I'm sorry. Yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah, yeah, stupid
Well, Tim, I'll tell you what you gotta do
Okay, I don't love your wife and your kids. Hey Tim, stop being a complete dipshit all the time
Let me try it. Let me try one more real quick, and I promise I won't fuck. I won't fuck this one up
That's what that was
Thank you, you know what Griff yeah, I had it in my heart and I didn't think it would land
So I thank you for going there because it's put me in the headspace to just give you up. Yeah, sure
Who gets to pick the next one? This is fun. I like it now. That's it
Yeah, it's just somebody comes up in conversation. Oh, right, right anybody can call it
Whatever cuz it's like I feel like if we're gonna start referencing these people we have to prove our bona fides
Yeah, so expertise or else we're Joe or else. What do we even do? What are we doing here? Yeah
Yeah, well, I'll tell you what we're doing here friends. It's an advice show. Really we help. Yes. Okay, we help you the listeners
Okay, we help you the listeners and yeah, you know
Do we we the people whoa?
Hey brothers, I
Lived the end of the hallway in my apartment building next to each door is a wall socket
Someone put one of those plug-in air fresheners next to my door, but no analysis. Oh
man
Wait, hold on, but no one else's I don't think my apartment stinks. No trash or
Unkempt kitty litter or anything and the hallway and building doesn't smell bad. So I'm gonna loss here
Do I leave it and have everyone think my apartment stinks? Do I remove it?
Did I put the the landlord put it there? Was it a rude tenant? Help me. That's from putrid apartment in Portland
P.s. If it matters. Thank you for this. Yes. Thank you for this
Because you could have just kept that quietly to yourself and been worried about it like internally like I don't know
But and it says you chose to tell us and tell the world
Thank you need to you need to pretend like we're the doctor and you're like I do have this weird when I move my arm
Like this it makes me barf. You know, it's like and then you don't want to leave the room be like should I have told?
If you're gonna tell anyone about moving your arm and it making you barf it should be a doctor just to be clear
Yes, if it matters, it's a generic flower smell. Yeah. Okay, you know what fucks this up for me is a by the way
I remembered another Wilson impression someday. Somebody's gonna come around
That Wilson Wilson that's Wilson Phillips Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson
Alright, so what fucks this up for me is that they live at the end of the hallway?
If it was in the middle of the hallway, you could say oh they just placed it there for maximum
Dispersal of the flower scent you live at the end of the hallway that is covering at best, you know
Ten feet. It's like just for you. It's only for you. There's no other argument
I'll tell you what has to be because of something you did
I'll tell you what I'm worried about what I'm worried about smell acclimation
Where you get in there and you're like, whoo, something smells bad, right?
But then like 20 minutes later, you're like, oh, I guess it went away, but it didn't go away
It's just faded into background smell for you, right?
And then somebody like else comes in like what smells so bad and you're like what?
Oh, no, right like this is what I'm worried about is this might not even be your fault
You might have an inherently stinky apartment that this landlord knows is a problem, right?
That they were hoping you wouldn't notice when you're in it
I think that's why when you came in all the windows were open
Right when you first moved in because he knows it's stinky in there, right?
There's some kind of like smell poltergeist and that smells never going away
And now he's just trying to give you a big boost of smell as you walk in
So you won't notice it every time and complain because he's not gonna open up the walls and get whatever is in there out
I'm such an old man when I read this all I could think was like who's paying the bill for those outlets out there?
Oh boy. Yeah unattended outlet. Who's picking that up? Are you are you paying the electric bill for the
Air freshener someone saddled you with hey, wait, hey just life hack if each apartments paying for their own
Just plug in an extension cord in someone else's outlet and run it into your house
Yeah, how were everything off of one power strip my dude free power
You can power the hot plate your parents sent you and your guitar amp. Hell. Yeah, the whole everything, dude
Yeah, man, your keys down the people waiting by the payphone even better, dude
Just rewire an outlet so it goes out the wall and set into the wall, right?
And then move out of the apartment park your van right next to the apartment building run an extension cord up to that outlet boom
Free power it couldn't have been easy. It couldn't have been easier. That's what they won't tell you. I know this hack
They don't know I don't know how your place smells, you know
Yeah, they say that I heard a life hack that if you're gone on vacation for a while when you
Um get back pay really good attention to how your house smells because that's how it smells to guests
Where'd you hear that life hack Justin probably on tick-tock. Yeah, probably and it's like
Okay, but what I do with that, you know, I mean, yeah, it's just my house has a smell everybody's house at the smell
Well, that's why I remember JW Neal's house had a great smell cuz he was the richest kid. I knew yeah
And like that was a baker. Yeah, man his house smell great
And then like he would come to school and his clothes smell though his house. Oh, yeah. I'm like, how do you smell rich?
That's amazing
That's why I mean for me it was if I smelled gushers and like you guys got
Yeah, if they had like gusher if they maybe it was just like a
Psychosomatic thing we're like I saw them have Pringles and gushers in their lunchbox and I was like damn
So whenever I go to their house, I'm like, oh, this is the Pringles and gushers kids. It was fucking great in here. Yeah
I got a knockoff star crunch in here. Yeah, it's labeled crisp disk. I've got
Gushers in here. Oh, no
Hey, what do you want to trade
Three out loud I exclaimed gushers and I got a pixel to the school psychologist
Counselor you're going to
Jarrow DC, but it's but it's not again
Really good if you try them you get used to
Box gushers you get used to after a while. Fuck. Yeah, I got I got a hot pocket Pringles and gushers
What'd you get Griffin? Um an uncooked raw egg and prompt prong ease and
gushers
If you eat them all together if you get it all in one bite, it's pretty good raw egg and prong ease
I'm sure more liquid filled and no one knows why yeah, it don't leave the factory that way
That's the surprise. It keeps you guessing
Can you go to your landlord and say it's a medical?
Stink and that you can't do anything about it
This just makes it worse you upset the medical stink when you try to get rid of it and it comes back in full force
My wife would flip if somebody did this because she's got allergies
I know my wife. Yeah, she hates Richard's thing. My friend Richard sink because
Because it bothers her allergies and I read her. I
Told her she didn't have to worry about that until our first episode of winter when he'll be back
Like frosted the snowman, you know, I'll be back someday. Yeah, but every season only quarterly
Yeah, he does our financials. Yeah, he'll do like a financial report with investors
and talk about, you know, even on
some of the other
You know ROI to the big names big hey, can we
Can we supplicate ourselves and in front of the Wizards?
Marriage, thank you. Okay. Well Gwilliam sent this one in. Thank you. It's
It's a wikiHow article it was there's always a thing that says author info
But it never like actually says who the offer the author is. It's just sort of a collaborative team effort on behalf of
How anyway, this is how to be perfect
Parentheses kids teens. Oh
And it makes me feel bad
This article does because pretty much everything on it. I
didn't
Do or even attempt to do so that makes me think that I was a real stinker of a kid teen
Because these steps I just never it would never be stuff I was interested in like step one make your bed as soon as you
Wake up. Okay. Now wait, hold on. Hold on. Hold on when you say many children many children don't often do this
So it'll be a nice present for you
So you're saying how to be perfectly behaved for your peers not how to be the like perfect like no
Get to more stuff
But like you've got to have a launchpad and making your bed immediately in the morning the second you wake up
um
Like you're frightened of the bed and you must clean it so to leave no trace of yourself
Which including the last line in this this little article this this part of the article check for any stains or lingering odor from your pillow
Case bedsheet or blanket and toss them into the washing machine. Oh, so every morning then
Every morning that I can't make my bed immediately in the morning because I have to wash
Pretty much all those things pillowcase bedsheet here. Are you watching again? Yeah, I'm perfect. Yeah
I'm doing a perfect job. I left a small stain
I left a small stinky stain and you guys shouldn't have to interface with that Deborah and Mike
You guys have a lot on your play. I'm watching my bedding a lot
Now, yeah
Your bedding is like a promise you made to yourself that you're worth it
You know what? I mean? Yeah, go along. No one's will ever say this is a life hack. They don't they don't know
I know this
No one will ever say anything about it. You know what I mean?
But you must you must as a gift to yourself wash your bedding. Yeah, that's true
Not none of my friends are coming over to hang out and being like oh man
Is that a new glass and did you wash your bedding?
Like nobody people will notice almost all other laundry you do right if you don't do any other laundry
But this is the one where it's like it's for you. You know me like this is laundry
Sure, like when I wash my toilet paper and put it back out. Everybody appreciates that like, oh, did you wash the toilet paper?
That's nice, but no one ever noticed this when I changed the bedding, you know
Cuz then I put the duvet over it anyways, right so you don't even sometimes
I just leave the sheets off there and I like to rub around on that weird silky feeling top of the mattress
Yeah. Hey, you guys are
Not perfect kids or teens. Yeah, like you have only covered a single facet of it. I wish you guys
Very next one number two prepare a nutritional breakfast
on
the there's a picture and it looks like just a slice of uncooked bread with
It looks like a hundred basil leaves spread across it with a sunny-side up egg on top of the basil leaves. Yum. Yum. Good morning
Whip up a bowl of porridge with plump juicy berries cinnamon nuts and whatever you like on top that will keep you full until lunchtime
Don't be tempted to eat those sugary cereals not a big fan of porridge
No
Bus there are plenty of but there are plenty of other healthy breakfast options to choose from like egg bread leaf toast
Hey, it's like leaf toast egg egg
leaf toast
Like biggest disappointments of being an adult and there's so many of them
But one of them is I really thought that when I became an adult
I would just know what a quote-unquote balanced breakfast was
Because it seemed like a thing that everybody talked about on TV all the time and then I'm 38 now
And I'm still like does that mean like bread and fruit? Does that mean I gotta have some OJ in there?
They only used that phrase
when talking about
Cocoa Krispies or whatever because they'd be like make sure you eat it as part of a healthy balanced breakfast my cocoa
Chris what is it balancing out? What's the other side right?
Counteract that by eating just a fistful of Metamucil and ride that shit right to school
You're gonna be high as a kite all fucking day
They're gonna balance the highs and lows man. You can't just do the cocoa because he's got hit that with some quaker oats
You got to bring yourself down with with
Clean up after yourself wash the bowl spoon and cup and put it in the dishwasher again
We've no tray you cannot you when your parents friends come over they need to be able to say
Where is Derek and your parents should be able to say?
So far this article could have also been titled how to live in someone's walls without being
All right
God get ready for school head back upstairs
This is literally a checklist that you're you teens and kids should be following head back upstairs
Grab a toothbrush squeeze out some toothpaste and brush away and dry toothbrush thoroughly replace at the same angle
destroy
This is simple toothbrush and hide it back in the
Set a timer for two minutes and don't forget to use floss and mouthwash should use a gentle face wash curry
Very will be up soon
Yes, do something cute yet simple with your hair like pigtails messy bun, etc
It's in winter wear some nice warm pants and jeans. It's just like
Good get clothes on nothing with inappropriate messages since you'll most likely get in big trouble. Duh
I'm trying to be a perfect human being. Of course. I'm not gonna wear like a
Fuck Monday's sweater or something. What if it has an asterisk instead of a you? Oh
Great area here. I don't know. There's more perfect stuff pack everything in your backpack, etc
Pack a healthy lunch
Okay, just make it if it's a lunch you like but it's unhealthy make it healthier by using less salt oil fat and adding
I'm 12. Yeah when I'm
Yes, when I make a pepperoni and mustard sandwich, it's tough to
Healthify that hey mom
Can you run this pepperoni through the dishwasher real quick? Just get some of that oil
Can you dehydrate this before tomorrow mommy, who are you how'd you get in my house? Oh, right, right, right, right
Well, I blew it participate participate in class. Raise your hand. Don't fed fiddle with things on your desk
I don't want easy class and you play the fiddle
Oh
Yeah, another great point Travis. Thank you. Do your homework?
This is the second time that it is mentioned doing your homework for the day
Number nine go to your room and change out of your school clothes
Hang it up in a place that's nice and tidy in your heart into a bag. See a little life
What are you talking seal up a bag and seal all of your farts?
You must do this bury them in the backyard at night. So no one sees
I
Eat your dinner make sure it's floppy sloppy hog slop. Just kidding. It needs to be
Remind me what we're trying to achieve with perfect child. So sure Justin work how to be perfect kids
So far we got barrier-leaving backyard
This is gonna cover you from like age 4 to 19
This is a good 15 years of your life that you need to be doing the bacteria that accumulates on your parents like a plank
Yeah, can we agree? We're all parents in this call if one day my child started doing these things
I'm like, oh no, they killed someone they're red
They're flying as low off the grid as a child possibly can they did some fun shit?
The best part of eat your dinner is if you can't eat your dinner anymore
Give it to one of your siblings and take smaller portions next time. Awesome. Cool. Hey, does anybody want my
My veggie pile cuz I only got through like a third of it if anybody's feeling like cauliflower broccoli and peppers
I want you to I want you to have this for me now and for the next I have to say once again
I got two kids if we be trying to pull that shit. I was like, I'll just give this the dot
I'd be like, that's not perfect eat it. That's not perfect at all. You must eat this you must have this
And then read a book for a while
If you can't go to sleep set an alarm to go off an hour before school starts so you can get ready
Huh? I feel like my entire like primary school going career
I made a game out of how little time how close you can I give how close I can cut it
I wanted I wanted to make sure I left a window so I could watch a pop-up video in the morning before catching a bus
But other than that, yeah, absolutely. I had that when I was in college. I invented a class before
My world history class that I could be pissed off at every time I showed up late to world history class
Like oh this fucking guy you wouldn't believe it
Again with this fucking shit this guy and the fit the literally like probably tenth time
I did it. The teacher is like I'm gonna need his phone number. I'm gonna call this teacher. This is gone. This is
Ridiculous. I'm like, oh no, he would he's you don't know this guy. So I'll take care of it
He'll cut you down in the streets. You don't want to mess the last teacher. They did that dead
Yeah, his name's Carl real guy
Real son of a bitch
There's some real cool extra tips on here
But the best one is magazines and TV are fine in moderation
But you should try reading novels or other nonfiction texts truth can be stranger than fiction. It's true. This is my perfect son
He's gonna play with you guys today. Cool. We're watching Pokemon. Oh, you know, does anybody want to read infinite chest?
Audubon's guide to birds and that's kind of like real life
Oh, come on, we're playing fortnight idiot. Um, actually I'm perfect. Oh, no
What did you have for breakfast this morning huh chicken nuggets and pudding
Oh, hold on I gotta go change clothes
I think these gotta get it slip into something a little bit. I'll close the mother must not wash them. I
Have special clothes that I'm allowed to sweat into
Special rubber sweat free clothes. There is there are no community questions on this the community read this article
They're like, yep. Got it. Sounds good. Sounds good. Yep. Don't expect to be perfect in one day. It'll take time
Well, that's a shitty like excuse. That's it
I need to start being you can't tell me how to be perfect and then I knowingly continue to be unperfect
I have to immediately there's nothing in the right track couldn't just change in a day
Right. There's nothing complicated here
But I do like Griffin this article because it now begs the question what the target audience is
Because if there's a child who wishes to be perfect, they're probably already doing these things
And so is there an imperfect child though? There's like there's got to be a better way
Every morning. I just eat some absolute dog shit. I'm wearing these stinky old clothes for six days in a row. This can't be it
This whole article was written by an incredibly overbearing parent to relieve other incredibly overbearing parents who like get on Google one day
and they're like, I mean Jimmy's got straight A's and the body of an Olympic athlete, but
Is he perfect though? They should have titled it like how to be the super coolest kid
And then that one kid with like the really nice haircut will think you're cool
And it's just all these things and it's because that's that's the only way a kid is ever gonna buy into this
Absolutely how how Connor can become the
The basketball captain and get a hundred dates read it up Connor check it out. Someone wrote an article just for you, but
Yeah, you got to stop smoking Connor that's on that is on there sorry well
I think it's a high time that we take a break. Thank you. We're working so hard
Yeah, it's hard work and it's time for us to earn our money. Oh
It's in the money zone. Okay, come on
Good place to get it in the sidecar. Okay, I'm in there's two of there's two of them one on either side
It makes it look like a boner boner bike. It's cool
It's cool
I don't know if you've noticed when you shut the
Comedian Justin back and when I'm coming up with great skits to entertain my family loving fans
I love to go to the post office, but if you're anything like me you notice
It's the lines you get a little bit longer people are starting to do some of that
Uh, you know huge pile of sweaters to mail and but there's a way around the other crowds and not all the mess
You just go stamps calm
You got a selling online yellow side hustle
I do your business person going to the post office a lot stamps calm can save you a lot of time
Money and stress during the holidays you get discounts there. You wouldn't find anywhere else like 40% off
USPS rates and
get this
76 percent off
UPS well, that's more than 75%
Yeah, if you spend more than a few minutes a week dealing with mail and shipping Sam's calm is a lifesaver
I mean literally right because you're getting about these precious minutes that you need to run your small business or
watch
Curse of Oak Island
Yeah
save time and money this holiday season with stamps calm
Sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a four-week trial free postage and a digital scale
No long-term commitments or contracts just go to stamps calm
Click a microphone at the top of the page and enter code my brother. You guys know what the other day
The other day I went to the store to buy a website and oh my god. It was so expensive at the store
Right. I was paying such a high markup at the website store
And then I thought I'll just do this myself and then I thought I don't know how to do this myself
Oh, why did I say that out loud in front of the website store guy?
And now he's looking at me like oh you're gonna design a website yourself and I said, yes smart guy
I am and so then I went home and I listened to a bunch of podcasts and I heard about Squarespace
And then we reached out to Squarespace and said hey you changed my life. Will you sponsor my brother my brother?
I mean, they said yeah, absolutely
So my brother my brother and me is sponsored by Squarespace stand out with a beautiful website from Squarespace
With Squarespace, you can create a beautiful website to showcase your work sell products and services of all kinds
Promote your physical or online business or just publish a blog about how mean the guy at the website store was or whatever you want
To do Squarespace gives you beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers
Everything optimized for mobile right out of the box hugs whenever you need it
Analytics that help you grow in real time. Oh, I don't what I don't think that's on the copy. Oh, no
Sorry, that's just for me because i'm a premium platinum digital member
Uh, which is actually only available to me and one other person zach braff
So analytics that help you grow in real time free and secure hosting because after alex inc got cancelled
He needed hugs for events. Squarespace was like we got you dude and nothing to patch or upgrade ever call to action
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Hi, it's jesse thorn the founder of maximum fun
It's the thanksgiving season and I want to take this opportunity to thank you the members of maximum fun
This max fund drive your generosity and your love of pins helped us raise over
90 000 to help bridge the digital divide
Families without internet access struggled to do things that the rest of us might take for granted
Especially during covid going to school applying for jobs fighting medical care
Your donations help the non-profit everyone on
They provide equipment services and training to get people online so they can access opportunity
You can find out more about the great work. Everyone on does at everyoneon.org
Thanks for supporting maximum fun. Thanks for supporting everyone on and thanks for being awesome people who want to do good in the world
I
Was on a zoom meeting with my boss and around five other people and my boss was sharing her screen
She clearly forgot because I watched in horror as she pulled up a chat window to me
And started talking smack about another person on the call. Oh my god
Nobody mentioned anything and the meeting just awkwardly ended with nobody saying anything about it
But my boss still seems completely unaware
That her screen was live
My question is do I mention this to her after the fact so she can make amends with this other person?
Or do I just let it go?
I have to work with this other person
I'm, pretty sure it's going to be awkward now, even though I didn't respond in the initial chat while everyone was watching
Irrelevant. Hmm. I think very relevant but also shameful
Yeah, I would say semi-relevant
It well it is your boss, right? You don't want to be like actually
Victoria is a friend of mine and I
Think that she does not have a silly first name and I think that you're being rude
Yeah, no, i'm saying the fact that you did not chat back is irrelevant because in liktoria's mind
She's like oh, so they go. Oh, yeah
Yeah, no one sees that especially like while a meeting is still going on and thinks this is the first time they've ever done this
I think you have to go to liktoria and be like that's pretty fucked up. What was that all about?
Does she does she talk bad about me to you?
Yeah, this is gonna have to be like when you play your parents to go to a sleepover
And you kind of got to play you got to play both sides of it like when I used to go to mom
And then I would go to dad and both times i'd be like I want to go to a sleepover
And that didn't work because it was nothing
So maybe this is you hadn't got an invitation
You're just expressing that you wish you had been invited to a sleepover. There's very little they could do about that
yeah, I would go to dad and I'd be like
Mom said I could go to a sleepover and I'd do the same thing to mom
But then both of them would talk to each other and be like son
You didn't get invited to a sleepover and then I would have to be like
Yeah, I did a real cool one. So this is going to be more or less just that exact same play
hmm
I
I think you're probably lucky that no one is ever paying attention to a zoom meeting ever. Yeah, that is a good point
Yeah, no one is lucky like if someone starts sharing their screen with me
That is an open invitation to go to another tab and check my fantasy football scores, right?
This is okay. Absolutely. Okay. Sorry. I'm trying to make the short show more relatable to a broader audience. I'm trying to
Everyone just heard a different uh activity that I could have been doing. It's it's uh algorithmically generated for you. Yeah, that's awesome
Nobody said anything right nobody even like reacted then no one was paying attention because if that had happened
anyone they would have done like a uh
um
No, no, they would have saying completely much what?
Because they're not getting dragged into it. They're not gonna be going to a party to it
Yeah, this is this is a we're playing werewolf at this point because there's like there's no way of knowing
Who knows what but for me it's more about percentages
There's there's six people on this call, right? Oh, no, no, no wait the question asker the boss
And five other people so there's seven people on this call, right? Yeah, don't think about yourself or your boss
There's five other people that could have potentially seen this and you know, I mean if liktoria saw it it's game over whatever
So there's four other people that if one of them saw it, you know, they're going to tell liktoria. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay
Okay. Okay. The next time you see liktoria, you need to do some leading like, huh? What a meeting, huh?
Or that meeting, huh?
But if liktoria knows like if liktoria knows that it was your boss chatting to you
She is going to be aggro crag
From the from the start of that conversation, maybe you're just like poof that meeting
right and like yeah
Do you have
This is why hr does exist though
You know
Like this is this it shouldn't be your unless you are hr. Or if your boss
This is a whole nother or if liktoria's hr
Oh, that's hey liktoria, I just wanted to complain about
I have an issue I need to bring to you about uh, this person I work with let's call her victoria. No, wait
Um
Jesus this is a bad you've got it
Okay, take it to hr assuming one of the three of you is not hr if you're hr
Then just consider it resolved
Yeah
You have to get you have to get a different job or addresses. I think there's two options. Oh and this economy
I know I know
Try not to fuck it up next time so bad. I guess this is a learning experience. Good luck with your new part your new employment
Yeah, but then you get the different job and you're in a zoom meeting
And then the boss of the new job is talking to one of his flunkies and he's like
man
Gregory sure sucks shit. I heard he quits whenever he sees some dank shit
On a screen chair. He doesn't have a real coward kind of a world competitive role of auto detailing
This dumb shit just can't keep his mouth shut, huh? And then like there's no winning in that one
If this ever happens again and god forbid it ever does when you get that message sent to you you respond something along the lines of
Uh, who is this or I think you sent this to the wrong person or what good joke. Hahaha. That's another good one
Oh, is it sarcastic day again? That's a good one
Oh, oh go to lectoria and say like pretty funny, huh? You did you buy it?
Uh, did you see like that was a prank? We okay hilarious prank we did
I can't believe we were waiting to say something so we could be like, ah prank time
But then you're gonna have to get your boss in
On the like it was a prank and there's no way they're gonna be able to like pull that off like yeah
I'm into pretty transgressive stuff
I think some real i'm on i'm on some real andrew dice clay shit
I think once you introduce them like hey, you fucked up real bad, but we can turn this around
I just need you to stay with me on this one. Okay, following my lead we can fix this
Mm-hmm. That's I tell you who's fat is really in the fire here. It's your boss who's yeah
Just let it be because yeah, listen lectoria might be a little pissed at you
But a much bigger issue is the person in charge just like hey
This fucking girl over here. Am I right?
Right in front of like the entire zoom call your damage is minimal
You could just you should if it had been if you've been thinking quickly you could have been like
What a great joke boss. I love saying that about a person that we really care about
Yeah, just as a good respect so much because we'd never say that in front of them on a zoom call
It's a it's past that point now though, right
So now you're gonna have to get help of all of your other co-workers
And we're reaching yes pretty gaslighty territory at this point. That is probably a bridge too far
but if you can get the rest of your co-workers to casually drop in conversation like
Oh derek and the boss. Yeah, they're the real like hearty boys of the uh of the
I don't think the hearty boys are always pranking people, right?
They're the real jerky boys of the skype. You know, the jerky boys were the ones who solved crimes
Yeah, I got them flipped and switched just a little bit
uh
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun
I was wondering
Burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger. I want a much
God, I hope it's a burger because you just said burger a lot burgers. I want to munch
Welcome on squad's podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating
I wanted to wait until we did a second question because I have so much fucking shit to go through
this month the segment is back and better than ever and I
Normally, I would not burn this many things in one episode, but there's so much to cover. Honestly. Okay
Did you guys hear that? DJ Khaled is doing a wing
Thing he's doing a wing thing
Another wing is what it's called. Wait, what?
Yeah, dj khaled's doing a wing store of a chicken wing restaurant. It's a virtual concept called another wing
and it's um
It's a dj khaled. Um wings. Is it a wait, but i'm the time the name
I don't understand why you're confused legitimately. It's dj khaled does no I get that. Hey, that's not the thing
I'm trying to figure out if another wing is a play on words or some kind of it's a it's a play on another one
Of course it is another
Another one dj khaled. Okay, but that's it but it's more like another thing than that
That's no but travis is dj khaled says another one. I know that
That's but it's just one of his great sayings, but then you just switched one whole word. That's not a play on words
You just changed one word to a different word
Like just real quick. I have so much other shit to go through. This is not even the story this week
I just want to tell you guys the flavors
Uh un-un-unbelievable buffalo. Okay, don't quit nashville hot, huh? You loyal lemon pepper
Honey, honey hot sriracha and the signature. They don't want you to win truffalo. Wow
I'm a little lost somehow
You can or you can order a la carte
Or choose from combos like the all I do is wing
See now that's good your key meal. All I do is wing is amazing play on words another wing
All I do is wing
Maybe would have been a better. Yeah, but i'm not here
To get I bet all I do is wing was the first thing they came up with like before even the concept of a restaurant
Like he was yeah, he just said it wrong one day and they were like, well, let's do wings
Did you excuse me? Khalid? Did you say all I do is wing? Uh
Yeah
It's um
A combo a rest. It's a restaurant. I'm doing you're doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I didn't misspeak. It's a restaurant
Um, I I wanted to just tell walk you guys through some of the um, thanksgiving offerings from brand eating because you know
They're not content to let you eat at home with your family. Nope
um, and there's a there's a kind of different varieties there's like some people are doing like
Stuff for you to if you want to bring the flavor of fast food to your dining table. A lot of people have that for you
Thank god this year
7-eleven is celebrating the season with the thanksgiving turkey sub boy
It's packed with butterball turkey sharp white cheddar cheese and cranberry mayo
I'd fuck that up the debut of 7-eleven signature stuffing flavored roll. You read that right? The roll is stuffing flavored
What's the role the role of the bread roll sandwich? The bun is a sub. It's a sub the bun
Oh bun is stuffing flavored and it's the debut of it and I would have to also imagine is the finale
Well, but it's a grand finale because like what are the applications beyond this thanksgiving sub stuffing is 90 bread and like
rosemary and sage anyways, yeah, so they put some of that in there whatever it's branding but whatever man
Um, the there's a lot to be thankful for this year says verisha sharif the 7-eleven fresh fruit product director
We know how much our customers look forward to our seasonal offerings
And we're delighted to contribute to the fun and spirit of thanksgiving with satisfying food that reminds our customers
Of those comforting holly day moments. So just uh, just a quick reminder
Uh, the spirit of thanksgiving is like coming together with those you love
And be a family or found family to share an experience together. And so here is a sandwich you bought at 7-eleven
Yeah, if you want to be reminded of better thanksgivings while you're sitting in the passenger seat of your ford fiesta
Because there's because the driver's seat is too stained
And uh, this is the sandwich for you and it says here what would a thanksgiving turkey sub be without a side of chips, huh?
Oh no, you fucking
Tell me what is it with the side of chips? It's an all new experience
If we are trying to normalize
My son hates all thanksgiving food. So if we want to start normalizing throwing some
chips
on the table, too
Have your have your stuffing have your corn, you know salad and all of your other wild
Not ordinary foods on thanksgiving put some chips in there. How about the dino shaped chicken nuggets?
Thank you. Oh my god. Yes
Hey, why are there turkey nuggets get my five-year-old in the mix?
Don't oh, we're very close to the beef nugget discourse again
Which I would rather take 10 steps away the honey baked ham company is rolling out some holiday meal options
Wait for thanksgiving because stay out of this honey baked ham. No, are you kidding me?
You can't find turkeys except for handbag. Yeah, that's how to get them what?
Yeah, it's like a turkey shortage behind big ham. They'd know a guy who knows guy
There's different options here
um, and for the season host
There's a signature ham and turkey feast that will feed all guests with leftovers to follow and you can choose from some fine
And sides like a cranberry walnut chutney or or a green bean casserole
And then it says here my mouth is literally watering here is
for a small party of ham lovers
That's not what we call ourselves
Honey, honey, what should we put on our wedding rsvps? Um
Um, we want it to sound pretty casual. Can we call it a small gathering?
Doug I said we like to pork to pork
Good try different for a small party of ham lovers
Try honey baked bone-in quarter ham meal what it's a quarter ham
imagine if you got a small party of ham lovers together on this on the the
Agreement that you were all ham lovers and you unwrapped a delicious quarter of a ham for everyone to enjoy
As as the four of you huddled in the darkness lest you be exposed as you enjoy your quarter ham
Yeah, meet at the sign of the ichthys and there we we shall consume
our beloved ham
For the traditional holiday host wait, what's that? There's a fleck of something in the corner of your mouth. Is that is that turkey?
What no?
No, no, no, I would never ever
Uh for the traditional wire
Get him, uh, there's a anyway, but first brunch
This is the fourth option for those who cannot wait till dinner try the new honey baked brunch
That comes with a quarter ham
Throw it all in honey, baby. What the fuck?
It comes with a honey ham two heat and surf sized honey baked bacon and coffee cake. This will have you ready for a nap
Yeah, is that what it says for the main attraction? It just says that yeah, this will have you ready for a nap
Oh know thyself. I love that
Yeah, this is perfect. That's a perfect way to gear up for the big show
So, uh, let's see what else real quick. Uh taco bell unveils a new friends giving party pass. Yeah
Yeah, so they got um
If this really actually pisses me off because to get this one you had to be a member of the rewards community
And you have to have reached fire reward status to gain exclusive access. I anybody should be able to buy anything. Okay?
Also, do they give it those awards out retroactively? Uh, because i'm pretty sure I could qualify yeah, just based on
Yeah, there's uh, they got cinnabon delights candy. Hey wait taco bell you're listening lifetime achievement award. That's all yours
um
the cinnabon delights
Candied yams it's sugar spice and everything nice this decadent holiday dish is just like your mom's classic recipe
With a taco bell twist. Oh
It's just like it rolls with hot sauce packet butter is butter a carb who cares when it's blended with can I stop you there?
It's it's not also if you're having rolls with it you're worried about the wrong thing being a carbonate
Yeah, you just you put in a placeholder sentence there and didn't really
Green bean casserole supreme. It's got all the cheesy and craveable components of a taco supreme
Uh classic side dish just got upgraded to your favorite guilty pleasure. Oh my favorite guilty pleasure green beans with garbage
Does it include green beans because it just says it includes all the ingredients of a taco supreme. Nope. It's a classic side dish
It's reheatable it comes in taco bell bakeware, which is like so fucking cool, which is like so fucking cool. Oh my god
I love that furious. It's it's literal fiesta bakeware. It's not a taco with green beans in it though. It's yeah. Thank you travis
Uh, yeah, it's a green beans casserole, but the stuff that makes it a casserole is like taco stuff, you know nasty
I love it. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. It sounds fucking bad
Build your own dessert nachos chocolate and caramel sauces plus unique taco bell crunchy toppings for your palettes to drizzle over triangle shaped shortbread cookies
Yes
These these this is the last sentence of this these flips on the tradition were created by
No, come on. You were so close. You lost me at the end so close. Okay last one real quick
Crystal restaurants, you know crystal it's when you can't you don't want to drive to white castle you go to crystal
They got these tiny hamburgers
um, and that's the the brand there
They're bringing back their signature secret stuffing. Yes, finally crystal restaurants
The original quick service restaurant chain in the south
Is bringing back their stuffing recipe just in time for thanksgiving and the holiday season
The recipe features the popular crystal burgers with a unique spin on an already classic dish
look
Stuffing is the star of the thanksgiving table and this recipe ensures that your star shines brighter than them all
Says olive alice crowder. Hey alice cmo, you know, that's not true
You know, the star is stuffing and this is the brightest one in the galaxy
But kids don't like sit around in kindergarten tracing their hands to make stuffing pictures
Just a five pronged like splatter no make a fist and then just trace the fist boom stuffing
Oh, yeah, we're encouraging everyone to bring this classic back to their table this season
Or be delighted for the first time
And this is the lessons here
You won't even need a turkey. Wow
Going hard on this going hard
usually
like
People who come up with thanksgiving food. It's sort of a rising tide
lifts all ships situation and not a
Hey, what's up? It's us stuffing
Like you need to you guys work together whoever wrote this hates turkey and assumes everyone else quietly does too
And we've all just been looking for an excuse to like pull the ripcord and get out
But everyone's been too afraid to leave the way but not alice crowder alice crowder's like hey, let's fucking say it
We all know stuffing's the star right for too long
We're all just waiting for stuffing
Um the last thing it says here oh boy
um
This crystal recipe was introduced in 2014 and has been a fan favorite over the holidays
to create this
Get some paper
To create this stuff and pin to create the stuffing recipe guests should purchase one steamer pack of 24 crystals
if you can imagine that it's like a small like sliders basically
The recipe serves between 10 to 15 people and requires 20 of the square burgers
Your calculations are wrong. There are intentionally an extra four crystal burgers for the chef
So they can enjoy a little treat. That's just standard practice
They'll go to any restaurant and like if a chef makes you a steak they cut off just a little bit of the steak and eat
It themselves just enjoy a little treat for their work in the kitchen
And that's awesome because like your family's gonna be like, uh, hey, tommy
When's uh, when is thanksgiving food gonna be ready and you can be like five minutes ago, idiot
Go idiot
Um, the recipe is great because it says uh, the directions are
Enjoy four crystal burgers now. Oh boy. Okay, then place the remaining 20 crystal burgers
Without cheese or pickles and oh god, we should have mentioned this earlier. I already bought them. Oh, no
No, god. Oh god. Don't put cheese or pickles in the stuffing
You put in the refrigerator you let them cool overnight and then you brush a casserole
Dish with butter or cooking oil or spray with non-stick
It's a spray with non-stick spray
Tear the burgers into bite-sized pieces and place in a casserole dish and then you pour chicken broth over. Hey mom
Are you okay?
Yeah, honey. I'm just tearing the crystals apart. It's just
We just love it if you would come in and spend some time with the family. You've been in here a really long time
I'm hold on the next step in this recipe says barf a hundred times
God, these look really good
Of course, it does eat tiny hamburgers covered in chicken broth
Hey guys, just hold on one second guys
Oh, no
I was I was trying I was trying to drag this
This I was trying to drag this image of stuffing over in the slack so you guys can see
And I actually drug it into my recording interface
I accidentally dragged it into my da and so now there is a track
There's a track on this episode that says stuffing
252 pixels, huh? Why did you let me do that? So now we have a message heading within
Yeah, it'll show up in the itunes metadata. Oh fuck is it it that's weird just because in the middle of this episode
It it just I heard a fourth track going burger mess burger mess burger mess burger mess
It did it like 20 times and I thought it was a a possession
I don't actually this this may be the first time juice actually
Where I don't want to click on your name in slack to see what image you've sent us because it can't be good
Looks choice
Looks guys
It doesn't go that doesn't look good at all. I haven't had lunch. We're gonna have to put this up
I also haven't and I still don't want to don't want to see this this jpeg. I can smell this jpeg
Um, and what does it smell like to you it bed and don't say cheese or pickles because then I know you fucked up the recipe
Uh, I think i'm pretty sure I see pickles up in here or unless you have to also cut up celery in there
I've dropped in also just so you can see for point of reference if you had to pick the most delicious looking
I'm, not kidding. I would hurt this subway this subway sub with the cranberry
And to be fair just like I guarantee that this uh stuffing picture this is a professional photographer right there
Show me a picture of a home baker's
Uh, show me a home baker's
Hamburger stuffing
Oh, yeah, let me see the nailed it version of that
I also I also just I know why you don't like this subway sub is because I see that cheese that raw cheese
And it is it is thoroughly raw. It's thoroughly raw cheese. Nobody wants that
Yeah, the uh, I also sent you the picture the taco bell dinner, which looks like they adapted beige into an hbo mini series
It is literally just
50 shades of beige
Um, okay
That is the that is your thanksgiving offerings around the around the horn there. So whichever one you want to enjoy
Um, you know, you have you have your your choice, you know what else you could enjoy on thanksgiving
I'm gonna try till death do us blart. Oh god. You're right. This is our last one before
Okay
If you've never listened till death do us blart is an annual
Review podcast that we do of the film
Uh paul blart mall cop 2 we do it with the guys from worst city of all time
We've done it every year for this is our
fifth six six
Six year, uh, we've been doing it for six years improbably
Um, and this year is is very fun
For you the listener for you the listener. We are in uniquely great spirits enjoying this one
um
And we hope that you will tune into that. You know, it's wherever
You find podcasts. I I don't even I we don't make any money off of it
You know what I mean? Like just please listen to it. It's we have a really good time doing it
15 16 17 18 19 21. Okay
I just checked guys. I have terrible news. This is our seventh. Oh boy. This is our seventh one
If you don't count the bonus episode that we did
Uh when when covet struck last last year
This is our um, this is our seventh episode with us. We've been doing it since 2015
I cannot believe that that is fantastic. Here's what i'll say because we don't make money off it
But if you go to bankroymerch.com, there is a till death do us part shirt there designed by tyra reid which benefits
Uh the first nations development institute which improves economic conditions for native americans through direct financial grants
Technical assistance and training and advocacy and policy. So do check that out. Um, this is a shirt i'm gonna buy
This is so cute. I do. I want it very bad. I do as well
Hey, thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
You just go ahead and search for montaigne at your
You know local sam goodie or uh at the library
Maybe we're just in australia if you're there. She's probably around somewhere. Yeah, she's probably around. Um, writing more dope jams
Uh, yeah, thank you montaigne
And thanks to max. Thanks to max on phone. Thanks max on phone for having us on the network
There's a bunch of good shows on there. Maybe you found a new one during the block party go listen to it
Uh on wednesday of this week when you're listening to it, uh, if you listen to it after wednesday
And then it's already out but the zone of adventure in balance final episode is out. Um, so go check that out
It's a tasmini shit series dm by abria ingar
Um, that's over on our youtube channel. Uh also over at mcroy merch. We have tas dice now
designed by evan
um, and it's
So pretty it's created in partnership with diehard dice
They come in a bag with a bureau of balance logo on it. They're incredible
Do grab that wizard of the cloud pin of the month designed by dana wagner
Which benefits native women lead, uh that revolutionizes systems and inspire innovations by investing in native women in business
And the candlelight's ornaments over there designed by kate may which benefits harmony house and the candlelight's mug
And there's a lot of really cool shit on there that you're gonna love I guarantee it
Oh one more thing, uh, my podcast, uh that i'm executive producing called chasing immortality
uh, we just put on an episode all about lady bathory who some people consider like one of the
Like classic examples of vampires, uh that she supposedly bathed in blood to stay young
There's a lot of interesting revelations in that episode
Is that what's what's I don't understand what the revelation is
Is like that's how you that is how you that's I mean it's how you get there. Okay. All right
Hey, do you want the final yahoo? Yep, cool. Yeah, this one was sent in by um
Clint mac whoa. Hey, thanks for finally listening dan
Oh, he listens. He's just too afraid to send in yahoo's
um, yeah, and this one is sent in by
By strong strong
This one's sent in by strong
michael
Strong michael asked this one in strong michael
Uh, that's what it says on you. You know how on yahoo you don't have to put your name
So he has used the username strong michael
Which I think is a pretty good one
And strong michael asks
I'm looking at it. I don't know if I want to read some of these words. Oh, are they like troubling?
Yeah, they're pretty not pretty naughty stuff. Yeah, go ahead. Just read it. We'll bleep it if we have to yeah, all right
Um
Yeah, okay it says um
Um does anyone
Strong michael asks
Does anyone fucking
Okay, yeah, that's one of them. Yeah, we'll get that do any of you assholes
Do any of you asshole fuckers
Do you hey do you fucking assholes?
Know how to get a fucking shitty candle that fucking smells like football
There were a lot of words in there we did have to be
What the fuck damn shitty michael, yes
Oh
Strong michael. Oh travis he's gonna beat your ass for that dude. I hope strong michael doesn't lizzlin. My name is justin mcgrawley. I'm strong michael i'm griffin mcgrawley. This is where my brother my brother made kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
Do you sometimes wonder whatever happened to the kids at your school who really loved star trek?
You might remember a kid like me the one who read the star trek novels and built starship models
I also took music classes to avoid taking gym classes that required showering after
But I don't see what that really has to do with or a kid like me
I introduced myself to kids at my summer camp one year as wesley
But when the school year started and some of those kids were in my new class
I actually had to explain to my friends that I had tried to take on the identity of my favorite star trek character
The shame haunts me to this day
I'm sure some of those star trek fans from your childhood grew up to have interesting and productive lives, but
We ended up being podcasters on the greatest discovery
You'll hear what happens to two lifelong star trek fans who didn't grow up to be great people
They just grew up to be people who love jokes as much as they love trek season four of star trek discovery is here
So listen to our new episodes every week on maximumfund.org or wherever you get your podcasts
