The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome ashore. My name is Justin McElroy. I'm my brother,
my brother, me, this one. Ahoy there. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30-30, luminary girlfriend McElroy.
Lanto. Lanto. Our smoothest, like, name-saying, I think, to date.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm back on shore. On land, I guess. I don't know how to think of it anymore.
I used to think of myself as at sea, but then I think of this as at land now. You know?
You've surfed, and now you're turfing. I'm both surf and turf simultaneously.
At the same time? Yeah, I'm a delicious, pricey dish.
So how's our opener going so far? Not good, I think.
No, but listen. Oh, God, it's happening again. Not a joke.
Okay, so yeah, walk us through what's happening right now in your, I guess, inner ear zone.
I've been on the JoCo cruise for the past week. Just got back last night. Now, it was a fun
conflation of things. First off, there's a three-hour time difference. We had a two-hour
time difference, so it was like two hours before Eastern Standard Time for most of the cruise.
And then right the last day, we got back to San Diego, and it was PST, so it was three hours
difference. And then we flew back from PST and lost three hours that way. And then that night,
it was daylight savings time. Got up another hour.
For Justin, it's Thursday. So now I'm beyond the construct of time. I'm in all times.
Beyond time and stationary land, what that feels like under your knees.
You're Matthew McConaughey in whatever that Alien movie was that I've already forgotten the title.
Whoa, shit. It's also not a joke that after you've been on a big cruise ship for a week
and then you come home, your house feels like it's moving sometimes. That's especially noticeable.
It's important to stay moving around because it becomes much more noticeable when you,
let's say, sit stationary and stare at a screen and a microphone for an hour.
Justin, is this something we are going to be getting,
let's say, recurring updates on throughout the course of recording this episode?
I don't feel like they'll be especially funny, so I'll try to keep them to a minimum.
But if I stop mid-sentence, it's because my computer is falling through my desk
and the wall is turning upside down.
This is not fun, though. I want to hear about this sort of new oceanic mastery
that you have fucking now that you went down Periscope for a while and you got out there
on that big blue beautiful boy that we call the ocean. And what you learned out there,
just sort of some nautical secrets and just some lessons that you learned from your new wife,
the ocean.
I will tell you this one nautical secret.
Myself and Max Temkin of Cards Against Humanity learned this this week.
If you start asking about the brig a lot, you are going to start getting some huffiness.
We just want to see where the brig was because there's a brig for sure, right?
There's got to be a brig. There's a boat jail, and I just want to see the boat jail once.
Oh, yeah.
How many Jimmy Buffett songs are there about boat jail?
There's no boat jail songs, which is amazing.
Boat jail. Boys in the band go to boat jail. All of my boys did some sea crime.
Now they're in lockup.
There's that one. Justin, you with us?
There's that one.
I'm here. I had another one. I had a good boy. Good, twisty boy.
J Man, did you get to steer at all?
They sell captain's hat. They sell captain's hats in the gift shop.
All right.
I have to talk about the gift shop.
Listen, I'm going to talk about the gift shop.
For one, this gift shop sold a lot of watches and crystals, and there were signs-
Crystals, huh?
Because all us nerds were on the cruise, there were signs like,
be like the doctor and control space and time and buy one of these watches.
And it almost worked. That's not how it works.
If I buy a stethoscope and a thermometer, I'm not controlling medicine.
You're right.
And then they started showing Dr. Who in the gift shop, which is pretty good.
That's good stuff.
I'll kick it in there.
We've got to go back in time. Let me touch my magic watch.
It's 1884. Thanks, magic watch.
You're welcome, Dr. Beepo Beepo.
This is my magic watch, Beepo.
Another thing I have to mention about the gift shop is that it was showing Dr. Who 24 hours a day,
and there were people who worked there that were just like, I guess, just on a bench, man.
Just like trucking their way through the tenant years.
I had, obviously, I had diarrhea.
All right.
I obviously had diarrhea.
At one point, the old, had the old hemorrhoids, pretty bad, started flaring up pretty bad.
All right.
And I kicked it on down to the gift shop.
This gift shop will sell you a tray of delicious imported
rum flavored chocolate turtles with sea salt on them for $10 in a box.
Okay. And for the world's smallest tube of preparation age, it costs $17.95.
All right, J-Dot, but you got to understand.
They know their market.
Yeah, they literally, they have you over an ocean sized barrel.
What are you going to do?
Get fucking medevaced for your butthole?
That barrel is comically labeled diarrhea, like in an old political cartoon.
Yeah.
And they do have a medical center, so I could have kicked it.
Oh, here we go.
I could have kicked it down there and just been like, you know, look at me.
You know what's up.
I think they should just like, you walk in the door and they shoot you in the mouth with a
Pepto gun.
They just know.
And you just walk in and there's just like a mouth level tray with Pepto on it that you
can just sort of consume and be out of the door in three seconds.
You should just walk into your hotel room and in your like state room and there's like a towel
folded like a monkey and it's holding a tube of preparation age for you.
How did you know about the towels folded like monkeys?
Because I know things.
I actually know it from John Hodgman's, I think it's more information than you require or it
might be that is all.
He talks about going on a cruise and about the different animal shapes and what they mean.
I never knew that Mr.
Hodgman also suffered from that very bad butt affliction.
He does not talk about Preparation H.
He actually-
No, cause he has more decorum than the three of us like orangutans just like shouting about
our shit every episode.
What I was going to say before Griffin interrupted me was that the H stands for Hodgman.
Oh, I see.
He is the inventor of Preparation H, but I didn't get there.
The problem with me going on a cruise and not getting to record this show for a week is I have
so much to talk about and I didn't get to last week.
So I'm sorry that we have like a bunch of different intros.
But I have other things I need to cover if you guys can just hang with me.
Yeah, sure.
Hit it.
Two more big bullet points.
The first came yesterday when I was going back through security to get on to the plane in San
Diego and as I was about to go through the backscatter machine, is that what it's called?
Yeah, sure.
Anyway, I was about to go through the backscatter machine and you know they got the metal detector
next to it if you don't want to do the backscatter thing.
As I was about to go through the backscatter machine, I see a security guard point at the
person behind me.
He looks at her and says,
you got any metal in your body?
All right.
And she's like, what?
Do you have any metal in your body?
And it becomes clear fairly quickly that English is not this woman's first language.
And English is my first language.
And even I was a little bit like, excuse me?
Yeah.
Yeah, what can you just say what I want you to say with my heart, which is, are you a
cyber grandma?
Can you tell me if you are part cyborg, part robot, part woman, all grandma, all cyborg?
You grandma Logan?
You grandma Logan?
This has nothing to do with my job.
I just, it's a fascination of mine and you look like you might have some cyber components.
Do you have cyber components?
Are you enhanced with cyber components?
Are you more machine than human at this point?
All right, going through.
This is really the main thing I wanted to talk about.
Yesterday, I was driving back and was watching Trolls in the car and Riley, the sister-in-law,
told me, I learned something by watching the credits of this movie.
Did you know that pretty much all the people who have one line in this movie are all well
known YouTubers?
Oh, fuck me.
And they did that because, so it's like kind of a cool marketing.
It's a smart marketing.
Yeah, really cool.
So then as I'm driving, I like, things don't come to me this hard, but it was like, I finally
understood the secret.
You know what I mean?
Like, I finally got visual, after joking about it for a long time, I finally understood the
power of visualization because I could see the path to the thing I'm about to say so
clearly.
Okay.
In April 2020, the three of us are going to be in Trolls 2.
Okay.
This is what I'm saying now.
All right.
It's March, 2017.
We do really want to put out there that we have three years.
We have three years.
I'm putting out into the universe that the three of us will be in, I don't even want,
I want to say are, but I feel like that is actually not visualization, it's just tense
confusion.
So I'm going to say will be in April 2020.
And this is a sort of narrow casting for a second to our agent, Joel.
Joel, Trolls 2, April 2020.
I don't care if we, it's of one, it's all three of us or nothing.
Two, I don't care if it's one word said simultaneously.
Yeah, we all sound the same.
We're in Trolls 2, and I'll notice.
We're in Trolls 2, Joel.
The main troll, Bimbo, turns to their friend Charlotte and says, who are those clowns?
And turns to us three, and we all are trolls of different shapes and sizes.
And we're just like, Bazinga.
Yep.
While my brothers are having a great time with their ignorance of the Trolls franchise,
I will also come in and do like some story punch ups.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I haven't seen that.
I've seen that movie quite a few fucking times.
And I will just, not to say the first one needed punch up, although there was some thematic
elements that I felt like could have been clarified.
Okay.
Like the parallels to drug addiction were like there, but I felt like weren't pronounced
enough, could have been a little bit, hit a little bit harder.
So I'm happy to do that work for you.
But we will be in Trolls 2 in April 2020.
All three McElroy brothers, add it to IMDB if you want.
But we will be in Trolls 2 in April 2020.
Give me Jeffrey Katz on the phone.
Give me whoever I need to talk to.
Justin Timms, Anna Kin-kin, Kin-kin, whoever.
We're going to be in Trolls 2.
I'm excited, man.
I'm psyched out of my mind.
I wish maybe we hadn't talked so much yay about, you know, oh, are you gone again?
We didn't talk any yay about it.
We pretended to be excited about it.
Now, after I've seen it 30 times, I'm really excited about it.
It was real to me, damn it.
Let's get to, can we do questions?
Can I tell, okay.
As long as we're saying things that happened in the last two weeks, because we, no, because
we missed an episode, we have 1500 new emails for this week.
And so I was able to kind of build a bit of a theme for this episode.
Oh, hell yeah.
That's really exciting.
Okay, yeah, I'm reading some of the questions now and I can kind of, okay, this is fun,
Trav, what you've made for us.
Let's get started.
When I was out buying-
Read the fucking do it, yes.
Hey, listen, I'm trying to just hang in there, okay?
Justin's trying to read this from the sunken place.
He's having a hard time.
I'm back, I'm back from the upside down, everyone.
Justin's in the sunless sea.
When I was out buying special edition ketchup Doritos, a guy in the convenience store stopped
me, told me I was bootiful, and told me he couldn't let me go without giving me something.
He hands me a piece of paper and I think he's giving me his number.
It's a coupon for a whopper.
It's a coupon for a whopper.
Do you know what this means?
Is this how kids flirt?
That's from Confuse Canuck.
There's a lot, there's a lot here, huh?
There's a lot to sort of unpack.
There's a lot of runes and glyphs that we need to sort of decipher, I think.
Yeah, I need a codex.
Need a codex for this.
Yeah, so you're going to get the ketchup Doritos.
And like at this point, you're lucky that we continued to read the remainder of the question.
Right, is that a Canadian exclusive?
I haven't seen those on shelves.
There's a lot of, probably.
Although ketchup's not really their forte.
Like their sort of specialty is like gravy and cheese on fries.
Yeah, but that's what makes it, that's what makes it exotic, exactly, right?
I don't think, I don't think you can-
It's imported from Canada.
Interesting, I don't think you can call-
I mean, it's not imported from Canada if you're in Canada, it's just there.
I don't think you can call them the ketchup Doritos special edition.
I think it's just edition.
I don't think there's anything especially special about ketchup flavored Doritos.
I do, my favorite part about this whole question is imagining
that this convenience store worker needed this whopper coupon.
Like this was going to be, this was when his whole plan for lunch was like,
I've been saving this coupon and I'm going to treat myself to a free whopper
because the most delicious whopper is a free whopper.
I see.
But then-
Then this is like when Christ went to the temple and somebody was like,
here's a buck, I have a million bucks, but here's one.
And then the other person was like, I only have one buck, but here's my one buck.
And it was like, that's a hundred percent of your bucks.
So this is a hundred percent of the whopper coupons this person had
and they were very excited about it.
And so this gift was such a huge sacrifice that it means a lot to them.
And this is serendipity too, because his number is written on the coupon,
but what you need to do is take that coupon, get that whopper,
and then if that coupon comes back to you-
There it is, serendipity too.
I can officially declare that coupons are basically a curse.
You hand someone a coupon, you've basically cursed them.
Because what this means is like, now you have to,
just using this as an example, but it applies to all coupons.
Here's a coupon.
Now you have to go to this place and buy something you weren't planning on
or feel like you were throwing away money.
And one of those two things has to happen.
The only way to free yourself from a coupon is after it expires.
You can be like, ah, the money disappeared.
Now I can throw this away with a clean conscience.
But until then, it's a curse.
Coupons are basically a curse.
If coupons are a curse,
then the Bed Bath and Beyond near my house is low key the Baba Yaga.
Ah, the coupons expired.
It's not, but it says it never.
Free me from this curse, please.
Because it looks like money.
It looks like fun burger money.
You know what I mean?
It's got like the big free and big letters.
And it's like, get a free sandwich or whatever.
And you feel like you're throwing away money
when you throw away a coupon.
It's like, man, I could have used that for a free sandwich.
But in order to redeem it, you have to go through so many hoops.
And nobody remembers.
How many times, the worst part of the coupon experience
is when you go to Burger King and you forget.
And then as you're opening your wallet to put your receipt in
because you save all your Burger King receipts
because they're nasty.
For taxes.
You see in there the Burger King coupon.
You're like, oh no.
Shit.
Not like this.
All I can picture too is that, walk up to the counter.
I would like one Whopper, please.
No, just the burger.
All right, that'll be like a dollar, I guess.
Yes, no, it will not.
It will not today.
Take this piece of garbage and give me that burger.
I have a Yahoo transition that's really good here.
That's going to stay on theme, Travis.
Very excited for it.
It was sent in by Amelia Burger.
The question is not about food, but it's asked by Pee Pee Slap.
And this is actually Yahoo Answers Now, which, okay, yes.
It's Yahoo Answers Now, which I'm still unsure
what the distinction is between Yahoo Answers
and Yahoo Answers Now, which is like, how's your branding?
Because I use this motherfucker every single week of my life.
But anyway, this Yahoo Answers Now from Pee Pee Slap.
I like that.
I like that too, because it's like, Yahoo Answers Now.
No, don't think about it.
You're thinking too much.
That's been the problem with Yahoo Answers,
is people contemplating too long.
Just shoot from the hip.
This is a Rorschach test.
Pee Pee Slap asks in card games.
It's an app.
It's a mobile app.
Oh, okay, I see.
That's your answer.
Pee Pee Slap.
For when you really need Yahoo Answers on the go.
How many times am I gonna say Pee Pee Slap?
Because we keep getting interrupted.
Let's find out.
Pee Pee Slap asks,
how do you tell someone they are bad at Yu-Gi-Oh?
No additional details, but this is great.
It's a really, like, here's the thing.
Jeremy, you've spent $3,000 on these cool cards,
but you just can't seem to beat anybody at the game.
And you need to stop.
If this is the sunk cost fallacy,
you're hoping you're gonna get the card or cards
you need to put a winning Yu-Gi-Oh game together.
And my friend, if it hasn't happened yet,
I just don't believe it's gonna happen.
Listen, kids, you just don't have the spark.
You don't have the spark.
Yu-Gi-Oh had the spark.
You don't have what it takes to go pro.
You just don't have it.
Yeah, if you don't have the blue eyes white dragon,
it's the only Yu-Gi-Oh shit I know.
And I'm gonna reference it about 10 more times.
Here's the thing.
Here's what they don't tell you in Yu-Gi-Oh school.
It's okay to not go pro.
Not everyone's gonna go pro.
You can have another job and just do Yu-Gi-Oh for fun.
Do it on the amateur level just because you love it.
You know what I mean?
You don't have to like commit.
You don't have to say like, no,
I'm gonna quit the accounting firm and just Yu-Gi-Oh full time.
Now I will say in the Yu-Gi-Oh anime,
I'm pretty sure the protagonist had to win certain games
or else his grandpa would die.
And in those games, it was actually very important
that he do well in the game.
And like winning isn't everything
unless your grandpa's soul is on the line.
In which case I do actually think
you need to pull out a W on this one, Mr. Yu-Gi-Oh.
Do you think that that's what everybody
in the Yu-Gi-Oh universe was playing for?
Like your grandfather too?
Yeah, my girl.
Your grandfather?
Did they take all of our grandpas?
Is somebody just holding all of our grandpas hostage?
I feel like the person who wrote this question
is on the wrong end of a pretty bad grift.
And it's a hustle.
And what I think is that their friend
has been following their Yahoo Answers account
waiting for this exact moment.
Okay.
There's a very different version of this
where like we see over the shoulder the friend type like,
how do I tell my friend he's not?
And then the friend like turns around
because he's been watching the whole time
and he's like, finally, the trap is set.
Finally, it's time to spring it on him.
And then the next time they play, he's like, listen,
I know you've been thinking and asking on Yahoo Answers
a lot lately about how I should get out of the game.
And I feel like maybe if you beat me this time,
I'll stop playing.
And just to make it like even sillier,
if I beat you, you give me-
Your grandpa's soul.
Give me your grandpa's soul.
Like I get your grandpa, no big deal.
Because he's like, I'm so bad, right?
And it's like, all right, Jeremy,
time to put you out of your misery.
And he's like, blue eyes, white dragon, blow.
And you lose, I guess.
I didn't watch that much of the show,
but I'm pretty sure there's one card called
blue eyes, white dragon.
That's just the best card.
Blue eyes, white dragon, can't lose.
Oh, God.
Man, that joke requires you to understand
so many different pieces of media.
A lot of levels.
This actually might be the only podcast
in which that joke lands.
It also had the trademark macarons so excited
to get to make the joke tone of voice
that always makes me so happy.
Yeah, this would be like Saturday morning JCC tables.
And it's just like you go and you play
in some low level Yu-Gi-Oh tournaments,
but coach Eric Taylor is there.
And Tammy's there too.
Maybe in this one, Tammy's like the fucking...
Coach Eric Taylor can handle all the football stuff.
Tammy's at the fucking Yu-Gi-Oh table,
like bringing the sheet.
She needs to blow off some steam
because Julie's putting her through
the fucking ringer again for no reason at all.
She's just trying to do her best as a mom
living here in this small Texas town.
So she goes to the JCC and blows off some steam
at the fucking tables
and just like drops that blue eyes white dragon.
This is actually a fact.
Can you just like imagine like coach Taylor
is like enjoying a nice real at Applebee's
and he like turns behind him and he's like,
hey, saw you boys playing Yu-Gi-Oh.
You got something raw, I can mold.
Come join my team.
In Friday Night Lights,
anytime you do not see a character on screen,
they are playing Yu-Gi-Oh.
You know Landry's in it.
You know Landry's deep in that shit.
How did he keep his Sandy when he was in the hospital?
Yeah, you guessed it.
He was playing Yu-Gi-Oh the entire time
with himself honing like a chess master.
Yeah.
Okay, so I don't think we need to tell them
how to tell them they're bad at Yu-Gi-Oh.
You can just, I think just someone just tell yourself.
I found out this evening
that my little sister eats soup with a fork.
She eats all the vegetables and meat
and just leaves the broth.
Okay.
What should I do?
That's from sad soup sibling.
Fine, let's get into it.
Yeah, you're just treating this soup
like a sort of shabu-shabu pot
where it's just like, no, you don't drink the broth.
The broth is what cooks the stuff.
No, the broth is where the money is.
Yeah, it feels like if you're doing this,
you don't understand.
Like somebody spilled liquid on this meat and vegetables.
Yeah, what do you do when you get a fucking nice soup?
A nice like tomato basil soup
and you like somebody sets it down in front
and you're like, somebody already finished this soup
because there's nothing in it.
When you guys make a soup at home,
do you get really paranoid and very particular
when you're ladling your soup out into your bowl
to make sure to leave the future iteration for yourself
a very good stuffings to soup ratio?
I try to be very careful about that.
You gotta have that balance.
I don't do much self souping, to be honest.
It's usually something that other people prepare for me.
I don't do any.
I don't have that kind of budget.
You don't have your own saucier?
My problem is that I always over bit the soup.
There's not enough broth, too many bits.
And what you end up with is like a suggestion of broth
in a pile of bits.
If that's not soup, that's just a hot pile.
Yeah, then you just have a pile with some sauce.
I would always prefer, I dump out the broth of my ramen.
I want it to, before I add the seasoning packet.
So it's like highly concentrated, just the nudes, ma'am.
And I, not nudes.
Yeah, that was a rough one, Juice.
Let me try again, like noodles, not nudes.
I know, but the way you said it was really stinked.
It got into a drag that thing.
That's not a point of reference for me
that I'm really sorry about.
Well, I like the chunkens.
I don't really need the broth.
I brought my own drink, thanks.
I'm just gonna enjoy.
I'm actually kind of into this.
The only problem I have with the fork
is I think it would be hard bite composition
to get the right bite composition.
Like a spoon is much better for that, I think.
A slotted spoon would be perfect, it sounds like.
A small slotted spoon would be so choice.
Do you eat those?
First of all, I wanna say I'm very disappointed in you
for not eating your ramen in the Japanese style.
Hey, Griff, do you wanna be rich?
Yeah, sure.
Can you make some small slotted spoons
and trademark that?
Because I think that's a very good idea.
Wait, you're talking, you just said it?
That's a TM, right?
That's a TM?
I guess TM.
You could have something there.
But I don't wanna have invented this
because it kind of goes against everything I'm against,
which is just like, I think broth is very, very good
and you drink it on a cold day
and your lungs feel good.
Oh, yeah.
Are you gone?
No, it's good.
I'm thinking it's good.
Sorry, you were having a good broth memory.
I thought you were going to the deep place.
No, I think it's starting to wear off.
Oh, good.
Yeah, I'm getting there.
Enough coffee and stuff.
I'm afraid it'll go too far the other way, Justin,
and you'll just be super present all of a sudden.
You'll be operating lawnmower man-esque levels
of understanding.
You're gonna be like fucking Superman
powered by our yellow sun
without that Krypton gravity or whatever.
I feel like this for me,
part of it also depends on the broth.
If it's a tomatoey soup,
I don't normally go in for like drinking that.
Like a chickeny kind of broth,
I definitely could just drink that straight.
Okay, I'm glad we fucking settled that.
I was really worried actually.
So now it's made perfectly clear.
Well, this is why you always have to do a brothy soup
and like a crunchy grilled cheese sandwich
so you can eat the dip-ums.
You eat out the chunkums and then you eat the dip-ums.
Can I do a yahoo?
Love soup, love soup.
Top notch.
Now this is some revisionist history.
You can't say that you don't eat the fucking broth
and then say you love soup.
That's like saying I love pizza,
but I scrape all the shit off the crust
and I just eat like a little cheese mess.
No, it's like low pressure regular food.
It's like, hey, listen, I know what a bummer it is
to try to figure out like what you're gonna eat
or how much you're gonna eat or like how to get
good proportions of bites or whatever.
So we just dumped it in all of the vat for you.
We're just serving it up straight.
Soup is food sweatpants.
This yahoo was sent in by Irham Wazessa.
Thank you, Irham, you're crushing it.
It's from yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm gonna call him.
Oh God, it just got fucking deleted.
I refreshed it.
What the fuck?
I just fucking refreshed the page and it got deleted.
Why did it get deleted?
It was totally innocuous.
Well, now I gotta go to the fucking internet archive
and pull up this fucking deep web illegal question.
This was not, this was not that fucking bad of a question.
All right, pull that up.
Let me grab the fucking cash.
What the fuck though, seriously?
And the cash isn't loading.
So this one, I lost it guys.
It just gone.
So what, do you remember kind of what it was about?
Give me the five, give me the fucking text only version.
View source.
Why is it gone?
I'm literally looking at the fucking metadata.
I'm looking at the fucking like meta name equals title content.
And all right, not this one.
The data's not in the bucket.
Is prod static true?
Sorry guys, I gotta get into the fucking like hacker code.
This is garbage from a toilet.
This fucking sucks.
All right, here we go.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user fucking swordfish asks,
shoes off at the door, a growing trend?
I am fairly new to having a rule in our home
that everyone takes off their shoes.
Recently, I've been noticing that more and more people seem to be adopting
the same practice in their home.
I'm curious if anyone else is seeing this trend.
What do you do in your home?
Are shoes allowed?
What about your kids?
Are shoes allowed? What about your guests?
Now that we have the rule in our home, I really like it.
What is common in your area?
So another smooth transition.
We're talking about doing things in the Japanese style.
I think I could get into this.
I don't enforce this in my home at all.
And now I'm worried about sort of the grubbiness of our floors
or whether people are showing disrespect to me in my sort of my zone.
Griffey, normally in the Yahoo Answers portion here,
it's stuff like I put pizza crust in my butt or Garfield had pan buns.
Yeah, no, but I think this is more interesting to talk about
of whether we should start all sort of enforcing issues off policy
because on any walk from point A to point B,
no matter where you live,
both rural and urban environments have their own sort of danger things.
In an urban environment, you might step in like an old pile of soup
that somebody just like dumped on the ground.
But in a rural environment, you might actually step in a cow patty.
And then I don't necessarily want you bringing the story of your walk
into my home and sharing it with my floor.
You know what I mean?
Now that I'm thinking about this.
And I'm not like a, I don't think I'm particularly germaphobic at all.
It's just like you could bring anything from your journey into my place.
And I'm walking on the floor on my bare feet because it's my zone.
It's my little kingdom.
You know what I mean?
Am I the only one here?
I feel like whenever someone,
I never feel like it's an imposition when people ask me to remove my shoes
because I always feel like, oh, thank God.
Like finally I can get comfortable and really explore the space, right?
So I would always prefer to take them off.
That's why I like, you walk into a place, just anybody's house
and they say, take your shoes off
and they hand you a set of pajamas to change into.
Okay, so you went a little bit much there.
No, and then like you all just, they've spread pillows on the floor
and everyone just takes a nap
because this is apparently we're all children now
and we can't wear our fucking shoes indoors.
No, I'm just kidding.
This sounds great.
Cause I always wear funny socks.
Okay, so but you did mean jokes then.
It's like having a fourth brother.
It's like you walk into the house
and you fucking take your shoes off
and they make you climb up a big tube and jump into a ball pit
because it's apparently all big McDonald's Play Place.
That was you just a minute ago, but you know this is true.
Well, here's what I did Griffin.
I started to zig, right?
And then what I did was I zagged
because and I'll go behind the zag here for a second.
I realized that my funny joke might end up sounding mean
towards cultures who are taking shoes off is the norm.
Oh, I see.
So I zagged right out of it
and made it a thing where I'm actually on board with it.
Sort of a corrective zag.
This has been inside the zag.
Here's what I like about this.
I'm Peter Graves.
Welcome to inside the zag.
I like a lot about this.
I think it's clean and good and respectful.
I'm not gonna bring my shoes journeys story
all over your home where your baby is like
definitely like licking the floor 24 seven.
You know what I mean?
But also this also introduces the concept of toilet slippers
which can be very, very exciting
because you do need to put those on
when you go into that room because who knows.
I think we can all agree like no matter what
anything goes in the bathroom.
So you put these special shoes on
and then people come out and it's like a conversation starter.
I enjoyed wearing those toilet slippers
that you had in there.
They were fun and they were flirty and fashionable.
Yeah, you convinced him
I'm willing to take my shoes off from the house from now on.
Now, I think to really drive this home.
By the way, why the fuck did this get deleted?
Who are yahoo?
This is actually the most innocuous question
we've ever had on this TV show.
I know podcast.
Sorry.
What is yahoo owned by big?
Is yahoo owned by big Nike by big Adidas?
My big carpet wizards.
Every all day.
I dream about answering yahoo answers.
That got him nice.
It's just like I think this is dope
and I think I'm gonna actually invest in a little cubby.
I'm gonna invest in a shoe cubby
and when my friends come over,
I can have little nameplates for my friends.
Hi, Justin.
Hi, Bristol.
This is your special cubbies.
Put your shoes in the hole.
You should take it one step further, Griffin.
Okay.
Special cubbies for shoes.
Then special like silly socks
with the non-skid slip on the bottom.
Those will be an option, sure.
So that way it's like they can
because that's the thing.
I have hardwood floors.
I don't wanna brag, but I'm worried.
Like people sometimes they have some sort of composite.
Like some sort of composite.
Are they real genuine?
But I also rent.
So listen, it's not a brag
because it's not my house,
but it's an old house, okay?
But I'm worried about people's dress socks
on the hardwood floor.
So I wanna give them something where it's like,
hey, they look like monster feet.
You know what I mean?
That kind of thing.
Yeah, I think that defeats the purpose a little bit,
but okay, I'm with you kind of,
but not really.
Like indoor shoes.
Okay.
So slippers.
Yeah, that's what you've just described.
You've just said indoor slippers.
No, I'm sorry.
Guys, I don't want them to slip around.
I wanna give them Shurer foot.
Stickers then.
Stickers.
Sticky indoor shoes.
Hey everybody, get inside.
Get aboard.
Where are we going?
We're sailing away from this commerce-free wasteland.
I'm taking you to a sweet little island
that I know about.
It used to be called Bally High
and now I've renamed it The Money Zone.
Someone who can talk should probably sell them.
All right.
I'll do this first one
because this first one is a good friend of mine named Harry,
or specifically Harry's.
What Harry's does is they send you razors
and the razors are very, very good
and they're very, very affordable
and they're gonna give you a close, comfortable shave.
You're talking about five German-engineered blades,
talking about a lubricating strip,
got a flex hinge there for a comfortable glide.
It's a really good blade.
I use mine pretty much exclusively now to shave my face
and I get, I feel like I get a nice shave every time.
And it was started by just two guys, Jeff and Andy,
who were fed up with being overcharged for razors.
So they cut out the middleman
and now they just sell their own high-quality razors online
and ship them directly to you
for half the price of the leading brand.
And they are so confident
they want you to try their most popular trial set for free.
It comes with a free razor handle of your choice,
five-blade cartridge and shaving gel,
and it's free when you sign up.
You just pay a little fee for the razor.
It's free for shipping and you get these good blades.
So to redeem your free trial offer,
go to harrys.com slash my brother right now.
That's harrys.com slash my brother.
Go get that skin, so soft, so smooth.
I would like to tell you guys about my underpants.
All right.
They're great.
They are wonderful, I'm wearing them right now.
They are endowing me with the confidence
to talk about me undies.
Here's the thing, we've talked about me undies
so many times in the show,
maybe this is your first episode.
Maybe you are just now getting into our show
on episode 345.
Gotta start somewhere, don't start at one.
Start here, work backwards.
Me undies is an amazing brand.
I mean, like a concept.
Family member at this point.
At this point, their underpants are amazing.
They're softer than soft.
They not only have underpants for everybody,
they also have sleep pants, T-shirt, it's incredible.
Different styles, cool patterns, it's great.
And it's the first thing you put on
and it's the last thing you take off.
And you're gonna, this is not a joke,
it is not an exaggeration.
When I put on a pair of me undies,
like fresh out of the shower me undies,
it feels like yes, I'm ready.
It feels like yes.
It feels like yes, it does.
It feels like I'm agreeing to do something with myself
that day.
And if you're not ready for a subscription,
that's totally cool.
You can still save.
That's because me undies is offering you 20%
off your first pair.
Just use our special URL, meundies.com slash my brother,
and you'll get 20% off your first pair.
So go, try it, you deserve it, meundies.com slash my brother.
I got a personal message here for Chambers and Daggley.
And it's from.
My favorite TNT show.
And it's from Chris.
Nobody has a favorite TNT show, so stop it.
Mark Paul Gosler and.
Mark Paul Glockosler.
Jesus.
Chris says to Chambers.
One's a lawyer, the other's a lawyer.
They practice law in a court.
But a different kind, well it's the same branch of law.
It's the same kind of law.
They're part.
But like, one's a little bit wackier.
It's not wacky.
Just a little bit, it's just a little bit.
No, absolutely not.
They're just regular lawyers and they're both lawyers
and they're good at their jobs and they do their best.
But they're not exceptional like house.
They're just regular law guys.
They're looking for love in the big,
they're not looking for love.
What are they doing?
Are they single dads?
No, they're not single, I'm just hearing
they're not single dads at all.
They're not single dads at all.
There's no kids.
What are they doing?
They're going to, okay, so Dagleigh's going
to the grocery store in this episode, everybody.
This is Dagleigh.
They didn't have a case this week?
There's no, okay.
All right.
Every week it's a new case.
Well, not always.
Not always, yeah.
Actually, sometimes there's paperwork.
From this one.
To do.
And this one.
TNT should just change their slogan to TNT, we know.
We know, come on.
We have a show in which one episode
a character just goes to Trader Joe's
and it's the whole episode, uncut.
Uncut Trader Joe's visit.
Okay, so.
And he ends up not getting anything.
No, he doesn't.
They didn't have what they needed.
He left his wallet at home.
That's a good episode.
That's a good episode.
That's drama.
TNT, we know drama.
We have characters.
We know drama.
Okay, so this.
We know drama, we've met him.
Boy, gotta get this message out.
This is from Chris to Chambers and Dagleigh.
And Chris says, happy Blorf Day
to my two Mabim Bam buddies.
I miss the most.
I wish we didn't live about as far
as three people can in the US,
but I'm glad we can still get together online
to slowly deconstruct the English language
into a series of unrecognizable sounds.
Hope you both have great B-days
and we get to play a bunch of Blabio Glambs soon and often.
There's a lot of challenging sort of goof-em-ups
on words in this one.
And we got the timeframe pretty much right on this one.
So happy Blorf Day, Chambers, and Dagleigh.
And sorry we talked more about a fictional TNT show
than we did about you, but kind of part of the course.
Yeah, you knew the job was dangerous when you took it.
I got a message for PV and it's from Apple Alligator.
And it says, happy birthday and congratulations
on finishing your thesis.
I'm so proud of you.
I love you and cannot wait to get some Jolly Pirate again.
Aw, damn.
Jolly Pirate donuts and gyros now sometimes.
What?
You wanna go in there?
Yep.
It even added it to the sign.
It's the J.P. Deli.
Oh, no.
Featuring J.P. Deli starring donuts.
And also gyros.
I mean, the family that runs that place
already kicked donuts ass, right?
And so they needed a new challenge, I guess.
Yeah, they've conquered donuts.
They put them in a treasure chest,
which makes them more appetizing and humanly possible.
Yeah.
Jesus, guys, it's 1.09 p.m. right where I am,
and I have not eaten lunch yet.
And we cannot talk more about donuts,
or else I may actually kill you.
It's 2.09 p.m. here, and it feels like 10, and I'm dying.
Okay.
The Max Fun Drive is coming up.
Okay.
Hey, everybody, it's Justin Mac.
Yeah, that's how we start.
That's how we start talking about the Max Fun Drive
with a little pep and our staff.
Can you just let me fucking get through the sentence?
The Max Fun Drive is coming up, so fucking get ready.
Brace your ass,
because it's gonna kick your ass right down your teeth.
And it's gonna be really good.
And it's the best shows of the year,
and all the shows are gonna be fucking rock out
and rock hard, and you're gonna love every episode
of every one.
These beach bodies are ready.
Come crave the sweaty crevices of these hard abs
Oh my God.
in the podcast abs, and it's coming.
The Max Fun Drive doesn't have vertigo, but I do.
And now it's time to listen to it next week.
Catch it.
So it kicks off on the 20th, and it runs for two weeks,
and we love you all so much,
because you all come out for us every year,
and we appreciate it, and so like-
Rock hard.
It's very rock hard, and if you're a new listener,
and you like our stuff, and you wanna help support us,
this is the best time to do it,
and you get great gifts if you do so,
and we'll have bonus episodes for literally every show
that we make.
And bonus episodes through the past.
To the past, too, so yeah.
If you're a new MBMBAM listener,
and you get on board as a donating member,
there will be fucking hours, and hours, and hours,
and hours, and hours of content waiting for you.
For our show, and all the other shows,
I'm very partial to the Adventure Zone bonus episodes
we've done that have been really, really fun.
So yeah, it starts the 20th, runs for two weeks.
We'll do some really good episodes for you,
and have some bonus shit, and tell you how to support us,
and get some cool gifts for being a donor,
and thank you all so much for how much you've supported us
in the past, because you've allowed us to do
some really, really fun stuff.
So thank you all so much.
I have a problem.
Last time we recorded, it was two weeks ago, or three?
No, two, yes. Who knows?
It was before you left the Earth,
and moved to Mother C. It was before I left.
Before you got on nautical time,
where you measured time in clicks.
I created a great recurring bit,
where I basically just got an opportunity
to talk about Guy Fieri, and see what's going on with him.
Yeah.
And I can't remember what I called it.
At first, I thought it was Fieri Walk With Me,
but that was just something hilarious
that I said a long time ago, in a different life,
before the C Mother took me.
And then I thought it was Guy in the Sky,
but that doesn't make any sense.
No, I don't think that was it.
I'm looking at the-
I think it was Guy Focused.
Guy Focused.
No, Guy Another Day.
Guy Another Day, I think it was.
Yes.
And then I have an important Guy Another Day update,
although I kinda wanna,
this is called Guy Another Day slash Fieri Walk With Me,
because I don't wanna lose either one of those.
They're both very good.
Okay.
When I was still, this is from All Listener.
Travis didn't credit them.
It's from Evan.
It's Evan G.
Evan G.
While I was still in college,
they opened a Guy Fieri restaurant on campus.
In December of that year, I think,
Guy Fieri himself came to my college for a book signing.
He wrote a book?
On a table-
What?
He's sorry.
He's published?
On a table behind the one guy was using to sign the book,
there was a giant ice bucket with a single Heineken in it.
At Guy's command,
one woman would bring the ice bucket to his signing table.
He would take a little sip from the Heineken
and put it back in this ice bucket.
The woman responsible for the bucket
would then immediately move it back behind him
and bring it back and forth whenever Guy wanted
to drink his one single Heineken.
This is a lot.
It's a lot to take in.
It's a lot to take in.
I don't wanna waste any Heine.
Just one at a time, please.
So one thing I will say is, okay, I will say this.
In Guy, in Mr. Fiaty's defense,
sometimes when you go into situations like this,
the setup of the situation is not of your own creation,
but just happens to be whatever the person
putting the thing together thought would be good.
So you end up in situations that feel like weird.
Like we had people when we were shooting our TV show
that would just like run bottles of water up to us sometimes.
And then we would say like, oh, we could have gotten
our own water, but thank you very much for doing this.
So you don't always like, but we would never demanded water
until later on in shooting.
We got a little bit more, really big heads.
But like, maybe he didn't craft this.
I will say though, that had someone put us
in this exact scenario, we probably would have said,
this isn't a great look.
I would prefer you did not with this.
Sorry, on the subject of Guy Fieri being published,
of course he has many cookbooks under his belt.
And I'd like to read- Seven.
Yeah, I'd like to read some of them
because they include Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
What's the full title?
Diners, Drive-ins and Dives,
an all American road trip with recipes, okay?
More Diners, Drive-ins and Dives,
a drop top culinary cruise through America, that's fun.
Diners- Oh, sorry, Gervin.
Sorry, Gervin, it's through America's finest
and funkiest joints.
You're right, sorry, Travis, it got cut off for me.
Here's another one, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives,
the funky finds in Flavortown, America's classic joints
and killer comfort food, just a lot, just a lot, sir.
And then sort of, we start paring down just a little bit.
Guy on Fire, 130 recipes for adventures in outdoor cooking,
that's a good one.
And then we get Guy Fieri Family Food,
125 real deal recipes, kitchen tested, home approved,
is a good one.
And then we keep going down and down and down,
sort of the word slide to fun and food with Guy Fieri.
And then finally, we just sort of land on Guy Fieri Food
is the name of this book.
Well, sorry, Gervin, subtitled Cooking It, Living It,
Loving It.
Guy Fieri Food.
And then just the next one's just gonna be like Guy Food.
And then finally, G-Slop is the final one,
the final entry.
These are all available on Amazon.
You can get the, I'm sorry, six books.
And then the seventh is the book and DVD bundle.
And just a word of warning, Guy Fieri Food,
Cooking It, Living It, Loving It, isn't a cookbook.
I think it's like a dark and gritty detective novel.
With himself as the detective,
and I would read that so fucking hard.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah.
Private Guy, Private Guy, Private Guy.
Private Guy, excellent job.
It's in food.
Private Dick would be just, I guess.
Listen, listen, I don't know that.
I shouldn't say these things.
No, he has a very secret dick.
I understand.
I've never seen Guy, hey, raise your hands
if you've seen Guy Fieri's dick.
I bet it's a pretty small club.
From scratch, it's the unauthorized history
of the Food Network, and I'm just entered the guy,
the dawn of Guy.
And they said that there's a whole section
about how he was a little green when he started
in that he didn't really know what a diner was.
He thought it was like code for a hamburger restaurant
because he didn't grow up around a lot of diners.
And also when he were filling one of the early episodes,
a chef referred to chicken soup as Jewish penicillin,
and Guy Fieri just lost his fucking mind
because he thought the chef made that joke up.
So he was just like losing it
at this hilarious, hilarious joke.
So that's been Guy in the Sky slash Fieri Walk With Me
slash Guy Another Day.
All right, Justin, do the next question.
You got it, brother.
So my friend, we'll call him Oswald,
has been telling us for the last decade or so
that he is horribly deathly allergic to red meat
and that his throat will close up
and he will die if he consumes any.
The other day, I walked into the room
and he was chomping down on some chips and queso.
The kind of, I know this is a typo
which we don't normally highlight,
but the question asker did type
the kind of quest with beef in it.
And I know they mean queso, but I prefer that.
The kind of quest with beef in it.
When I dive into a bowl of hot peppered cheese,
it is kind of a quest for me.
And the reward for that quest is going to be toilet time.
I checked the container he got the queso in
and it told me it was, in fact, true beef.
Season three.
With Mark Paul Gosler and Paul Giamatti.
One's a cop.
The other's a cop.
They're both by the book.
Now, are we doing a true blood thing
or a true detective thing or both?
Paul Giamatti's a vampire.
Mark Paul Gosler is also a vampire,
but very straight laced.
Super cool.
Okay, so in fact, he was eating true beef.
He isn't dead and it has me wondering,
what the fuck is going on?
And how would I go about confronting Oswald
about this weird thing?
That's from beefing in Baltimore,
a name that Travis made up.
Everybody's gotta get the drop on someone.
Like everyone's, it's an exciting feeling, I know.
When you think in your mind
that you have an opportunity to get the drop,
it's so, it's exciting and I get that.
But I don't understand necessarily
why you need to like put your buddy on blast.
I don't know why this is like, oh boy,
time to really put Oswald in his place.
Here, okay, here's why,
just to give the question asker a little bit of credit.
This isn't like someone saying,
oh, I'm gluten intolerant.
And when you really press them about it,
like they just don't wanna eat bread or whatever,
but they're just making that.
Why would someone be like, yeah, red meat, it will kill me.
Okay.
Like why would you say that if it weren't true?
Maybe you live in a fairly small town
and your only two restaurant options are Sizzler and BW3s.
And of course this person wants to go to BW3s
and get those good hot chicken wings.
And so this is their thing.
But that's just a lie.
Okay.
Well, maybe they're not allergic to ground beef.
And I don't know, there's a lot of different explanations.
Do you think once they grind it, sorry,
they grind it and then it's no longer an allergen?
Is that what you're suggesting?
Yeah, it changes sort of the, it lets out whatever,
you know, carbon dioxide is just sort of released
when you grind up the meat
and the carbon dioxide goes up into the atmosphere
and makes the ozone layer, I think or something.
This is one of the problems with 20 grifting.
We didn't really think through it,
but a lot of people started grifts in 2015,
but we didn't necessarily have an off ramp
for all those grifts, you know?
Some of you might, we told you the con was off,
but like for many of you,
the con may still will indeed be on.
Yeah.
And you just don't know how to get out of it.
It wasn't like January 1st, 2016,
people are like, should all the acquaintance be,
I can eat red meat by the way, got you motherfucker.
And days of auld lang syne.
That would have been, by the way,
you didn't need us to help you find that.
That would have been amazing.
That would have been really good.
And you all should have done that.
If you didn't do that, then it's on you.
I would like to paint you a picture
that makes this all make sense to me.
It's so clear to me now.
All of the elements have been uncovered
and I can see everything.
I see how it all connects.
What happened was,
someone who did not know Oswald's allergy
bought him some of the most delicious queso
they had ever had.
And Oswald accepts it as a gift
because Oswald was too polite to say,
are you trying to kill me?
And there it sat in Oswald's fridge.
And on the same day this queso was about to expire,
Oswald realized their EpiPen was also about to expire.
And they thought, well, let's not let either go to waste.
And so in one hand, chips, in left hand, EpiPen.
Okay, so you get a good dunk.
And it would probably be a pretty fucking good dunk,
I think.
Like if you need to fucking like,
if after consuming it,
you have to also just pop in the bezoar
to like sort of nullify the meat poisons.
It's probably like a pretty good bite of food, I bet.
A lot of people pay a lot of money
to go to like a restaurant that is certified
to serve you fugu fish.
And this is like this experience just for like a whopper.
You know what I mean?
How much of the whopper would you risk eating
before you put the EpiPen?
I would try to cram basically the whole kit and caboodle.
As much as I could.
Yeah.
Why would you lie about being?
Maybe they don't know.
Maybe they don't know.
Maybe they were, fucking,
Rachel went to the doctor when she was like seven
and they were like, she was sick with something.
And they're like, oh, well,
it's because you can't ever have a chocolate.
And so for like fucking 14 years,
like Halloween's no chocolate, no candy.
Like she would go and go trick or treating.
And I guess just throw it all in the dumpster or something.
And then like when she was 20, they're like,
oh, nope, guess we wanged it.
You can have chocolate
and you could have had chocolate this whole time.
And maybe this person was told they can't have red meat.
So they just didn't eat red meat for a long time.
This is a great, you have great news for them.
Great news.
Beef it up.
Go beef crazy.
This is, you get to be the messenger
for probably the best news this person will ever receive
in their entire life, which is go have a beef party.
You've earned it.
Do you think there could be something
in the melted cheese that like neutralizes the toxins?
Oh, Jesus, Travis.
Yes, definitely.
Jesus, Travis, of course.
I'm a scientist.
No, yes, you are though.
There's a tick called the Lone Star Tick
that if it bites you,
you can develop an allergy to red meat.
Horrible news.
Thank you for that one.
I've never heard such a thing.
So keep, I guess, I guess I just said that
so you would know it.
So keep your head on a fucking swivel, I guess.
And be sure to interview ticks
to make sure they're not that kind
because that would sure be the pits, huh?
You know what?
Allergies are weird though.
Allergies can come and go.
You never know.
Oh, wait, hold on, hold on, Justin, hold on.
Griffin, sit back.
This is Justin's tight five on allergies.
Hold on, let him go.
Okay, here we go, Justin.
Sorry, go nuts.
Let me just tell you guys a little something
that I co-host a medical history podcast called Salvo.
So I'm half a doctor pretty much.
And let me just say that like refuse to have allergies.
This is what I'm saying to you.
Do not let yourself be bound by your allergies.
Just refuse to have them.
I used to be allergic to cats
and I wanted a sweet cat of my own, of my very own.
You know what I did?
I just decided to not be allergic anymore.
And today I'm here to tell you
that I'm not allergic to cats anymore.
And I cured myself from my allergies by inspiration.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
A lot of people lie to you
and say you can cure your allergies with diet
and different things like that
or crystals or whatever, herbs.
I love every time we take one step closer to having a cult.
I love it.
It makes me feel like we're finally doing something.
How many cults started as a joke
and then people just kept coming
and then they're like, I guess we need guns.
Cause this is getting very, this got very real.
There's 30 of us.
I guess we need guns.
We should get guns.
Can I do one last yahoo real quick?
We're running pretty long.
Oh my God, my desk is tilted 45 degrees sideways.
Justin, we've only been recording for 20 minutes.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Don't fuck with me right now, please.
It's not like this.
I just had to change my clock on my computer
cause it was three hours slow.
Oh geez.
Oh God.
Real quick, this is a level 9,000
yahoo juju Davenport joint.
So you know it's gonna be good.
It's from yahoo answers user dedicated to evolution
who asks, when you go to the bathroom in a movie theater,
can you ask a stranger what you missed?
Now let's pretend that run P is an app that doesn't exist
and hasn't solved this problem for us.
But when I read this, I guess they're talking about
just you pop back into the theater
and you sit down next to somebody who's like,
hey, what happened?
And I think that's unacceptable.
You do that shit in the draft house
and you get sent the fuck home.
I think there could be an attendant.
This is the only sort of bathroom attendant
sort of situation that I would be cool with
where you go in, you use the potty
and then you go and you're washing your hands.
And while you're washing your hands,
you're like, okay, so what did I miss?
And say you were seeing a rival
and it's just like Amy Adams and Hawkeye,
they had a conversation in the dark.
All right, cool.
Thank you.
I do wanna point out.
I love this, but I do wanna point out
this would require a human being
to know concurrently what's happening
in every movie at the same time.
Yeah, no, they would memorize.
What are you seeing?
You're seeing Logan.
Okay, the 745 showing.
So right now, all right.
Yeah.
Okay, let me think about it.
Let me play it in my mind palace.
And okay, I think I'm pretty sure Professor X
and Wolverine just had a conversation in the dark.
Yeah, I would much prefer they would.
Why is it always that?
Cause half of every movie that comes out
and I've been watching a lot of movies
cause I've just been consuming a lot of content
cause I live at home forever now.
It's just half of all movies.
It's just conversations in the dark now.
And I saw a rival and it was like,
most of that movie was just people having dark room convos.
So.
Have you guys also gotten very aware of movies being,
as long as we're talking about this,
since you've had babies,
have you become very aware of movies
that are unable to properly mix sound and dialogue?
Oh my God in heaven.
It's just fucking Amy Adams is like, I don't know.
I don't know how to have a communication with these aliens.
And Jeremy Renner's like, yeah, I know, it's weird, isn't it?
Just shouting and yelling at Amy Adams.
There's a space explosion.
Yeah.
I've been rewatching West Wing
and every episode ends like the most dramatic
and everyone's like, yeah, we're going to war.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Blazing, Twin Peaks is the worst about it.
Twin Peaks is like very quiet, like Agent Dale Cooper.
And then we did solve the mystery.
And then like the sound of the devil.
Yeah.
Blah, this is screaming.
It's like, well, this is pretty spooky,
but mainly because I have to watch it with a toddler now.
Thank you, David.
I think it'd be better if the usher in the bathroom
just pulled open his vest
and he had a small screen in there
and it was just sinked to wherever you left off.
That would be better and more believable, I think, to me.
If you could just pull open his vest
and there was a screen for you to continue watching the film.
This is a thing that I've actually,
in live theaters, I've seen before,
that one, there's a screen out in the lobby,
but also I've seen or heard, rather,
they pipe the sound through the bathroom.
So while you're in the bathroom,
you can still hear the play going on.
See, I could have used this when we first,
you remember when we first saw Hamilton
and I very much, very almost nearly did shit my pants
during it,
because I did not want to miss a second
of our friend Len's good play.
And so, I just, He worked very hard on it.
He worked really, really hard on it.
And so like, by the time Battle Yorktown rolled around,
my world was almost turned upside down.
And I was very much, My underwear was turned inside out.
The shorts turned inside out.
But I was very much like, okay, yeah,
can we please just beat the British already?
Go, do it.
Here's machine guns.
Here's machine guns, just go.
We got to sneak up on them and reconnoitre the hills.
And then we're going to come up with a plan.
No, just shoot them up, please.
I don't want to be the first person
to ever shit their pants at Hamilton, please.
You wouldn't have been Griffin, don't worry.
Please hurry up.
Mr. Washington, I'm not sure we can do it.
You can, trust you on this one.
And then we won the war.
Oh, thank God, time for your intermission.
Now, here's what we did after the war.
Please, please, please, please, God, please.
No, come on, please.
This has been our comedy podcast,
my brother, my brother, and me.
If you have some free time,
we have so many delightful offerings for you.
I guested on Court Appointed,
which is a legal show explaining the law.
I guested, it was sort of a co-branded episode
with another show I do, Sawbones.
And it was about HIPAA and patient privacy.
That show's called Court Appointed.
You can find it on iTunes.
Also, the Grifster and I did something really fun.
We appeared on a YouTube show called Drawfee.
It's D-R-A-W-F-E-E.
And we helped create the hottest new board game.
And it's really fun as we sort of created it
with the Drawfee fellas.
They drew our dumb board game idea,
which is actually a really sick board game idea, by the by.
But just check YouTube for Drawfee and you'll find it.
As long as you're on YouTube,
I also, my friend and co-host of Trends Like These, Brent,
has made a party game called Use Your Words.
And me and Tybee and some friends and Brent played it
when he was in town visiting me.
And we filmed the whole thing
and he did some Q and A's in there.
So you can see us play the game and try it out.
Just go to his YouTube channel, Brentlefloss,
and you can find it there.
It was super fun.
It's coming out soon.
Use your words.
And he hasn't asked me to plug this or anything.
I'm just very proud of him and of the product.
And it's really good.
And of course, you can also check out
my film review series, Carry On.
Oh, Jesus.
Still stuck at episode two.
I need to record episode three.
It's hard to get over that hump, man.
It really is.
What was episode two?
Episode two was Copper Mountain,
a two-hander with Jim Carrey and Alan Thicke
that contains very little story.
And it's mostly, it's actually called
Copper Mountain Club Med Adventure,
or Club Med Experience.
Are you shitting me?
I am not.
It is both movie and infomercial for Club Med.
It contains nine different musical numbers
in a 45-minute long made-for-TV movie.
Oh, boy.
It is a real treat.
You can watch all our shit at McElroyShows.com.
We have all our podcasts and stuff there.
You can also go to-
I put Carry On?
I don't know.
You should.
I think maybe once you get to three apps,
you can put it on McElroyShows.com.
Yeah.
I'm really close.
Actually, a listener sent me the next four movies.
So I have them all sitting next to me.
Well, don't please.
Don't spoil what they're gonna be
or talk about Carry On anymore.
Okay.
This is a film-by-film review of Jim Carrey's career.
It's a very exciting new property.
You can also go to MaximumFun.org
and check out all the great shows on MaximumFun.org.
And we're gonna be talking a lot about Maximum Fun
over the next couple of weeks during the Max Fun Drive,
which kicks off Monday, March 20th and runs for two weeks.
And we're so happy to be a part of this network
and I'm so grateful to all of you for helping support it.
I also wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
as a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Juice, you got to hang out on that big, beautiful ocean
with John Roderick.
Yes, never enough time, but he's a solid dude as always.
He's the best dude.
Anything else?
Yeah, we also should say, one,
we have a TV show on see-so.com.
If you haven't already checked that out.
They're constantly, like every Monday,
putting up new bonus content.
The deleted scenes, or was it the bloopers?
The bloopers for episode two is 17 minutes long.
It's a lot.
But, so check that out, see-so.com.
And then also, we're gonna be in Portland this weekend
doing a show. Oh shit, yeah, fuck.
I can't believe that's now.
So if you're gonna be at the show
and you want us to do a question,
make sure you email it to us with Portland Show
in the subject line.
And just to be clear, we didn't organize this show,
so we're not sure about like meet and greet
or anything like that.
So we can't promise anything,
but we are gonna have posters made at the show.
Well, they'll be made before.
They're not gonna be like printers running
while we do our unique brand of comedy up on stage.
Yeah.
And that's done for us by Emily,
who is at Corrupted Jim on Twitter.
They're really great.
They're really great. I'm very excited.
Yeah, I can't wait.
You want that final?
Hell yeah.
Sent in by a couple folks, actually.
Level9000, YajuJuju Davenport, and Christopher Lockhart.
Thank you both.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Stevan, asks,
will the Loch Ness monster get into Christian heaven?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
When he was Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Hey, good girls, do you wanna just say hey, I wanna?
Do you wanna just say hey, I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture, artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, Ben.
What's that, Adam?
Maximum Fun has asked us to make a new promo,
and I think the best way to do it
is to tell people what our show's about.
Oh, that's pretty easy.
The Greatest Generation is a hybrid podcast
that guarantees you a good night's sleep
with a combination of both latex foam and memory foam.
No, it's actually a show that allows you
to skip the post office by printing out your own postage.
No, it is a podcast that allows you to design websites
by using award-winning templates.
Ben, it is most definitely not that.
The Greatest Generation is a Star Trek podcast
by two guys who are a little bit embarrassed
to have a Star Trek podcast.
New episodes come out every week on Maximum Fun
or wherever you download podcasts.
