The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello welcome to my brother my brother me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle is brother big dog Travis woof woof from McElroy
Hello, this is your sweet, baby brother Griffin McElroy
Even though a lot of people like to pretend it isn't the case like my grandpa Dan. This is my job
Yeah, this is my office. You're in my office. This is on my
Courtroom did I record this show last Friday for an audience of our beloved friends?
I did. Yeah, did I record this show again on the following Monday? Yes. Yes
I did my recording it now again on the Friday following that Monday making our
third performance in
Seven days. Yes, but this is my office
This is where I work. I'm sorry to interrupt, but we also
Travis you're interrupting me at work. I know I'm interrupting at work, but we did also do you I guess at our other job
Adventure zone and saw bones and trainers and wonderful. Are those separate jobs or is in the same office?
I'm lost my office to this different offices different offices different jobs. Same
Coliseum, it's just us versus all the other
So, what about when we do business meetings and stuff that's also in the battle area and when we do phone calls
gymnasium
Wait, are we fighting? Are we doing our job battle knives?
Why I'm just my office this is my office was it an office where you do battle it's an office
It's a studio. It's a gymnasium. It's an art. Thank you
Dream scene it's a fucking surfboard
Wait, what? It's a fucking a subway sandwich restaurant. It's a fucking pop-up tent
It's a desk sucks compared to your guys. Yeah, it's a desk. It's my it's my father my mother
It's my it's it's my desk. Why and that's your desk. It's a Coliseum
It's my studio space my work zone. This is everything. This podcast is everything to me
I just want to reinforce that like
We take how to seriously we take this and I got a lot of people
Don't get like they'll just listen to it. And this is just gonna
Beyond but some people listen to this at a faster speed that we recorded it and like I don't want to be the person
It's how you this but I will be it's not sustainable because I can't do them faster
You're gonna you're gonna use them all up. That's not sustainable. I want to reinforce sustainable use of podcast
Yeah, when there's not sustainable usage when you harvest a podcast you have to plant another podcast in its place, right?
Yes, you got a cycle through podcasts, you know what I mean?
Like we've got it
We've stretched this taffy out as far as she'll go if we're not careful
We're gonna we're gonna have a podcast dust bowl people
I've been saying this for years now, but we gotta let some of the fields rest. They're gonna go to dust
they're gonna live it up all the podcast cows are gonna get buried in podcast dirt and
It's gonna be a real problem down in podcast, Oklahoma
And Travis is doing his best by starting a bunch of podcasts and then letting them die
Then burying their corpses in the grounds to let their nutrients enrich the soil for the next podcast
I killed how Lublin seven years ago. The next podcast are the mushrooms that grow on the corpse of Travis is abandoned by
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm doing my best
I even started I started streaming just to use up less podcast resources. You guys are welcome
Thank you for that. Your streams are the compost. Yeah
Television show this is what people don't know is I started streaming and I stopped creating podcasts
But I'm still cancelling podcasts at the same rate. So now I'm creating more
I've cancelled other people's podcasts at this point, you know how your favorite podcast listener at home got cancelled. I did that. You're welcome
Yeah, true
Well, we still got to do this one though. And I do we yes we do because this is our office. Oh, right
Firefighter doesn't go into the office and say I put out three fires this week. I'm done. I'm done with fires people
Still need us, you know, but here's the thing. Hey you guys ever think about if a firefighter goes into work and doesn't do anything
All day, that's a good day
Right, like if I didn't do shit today people like awesome
Congratulations, Jim, but when I do that people are like, where's the podcast Travis? Yeah
Yeah, the work you do is about on par with fire firefighters
Well, I'm not allowed to take an easy day like a firefighter who doesn't get an alarm. You know what I mean?
What's he doing all day or do you think they you think they hit snooze sometimes?
Yeah on the fire a fire alarm because off five more minutes
It depends on how many alarms it is if it's a five alarm fire
They gotta be there, right two or one of you five cute little fire
Oh one is like a somebody dropped like a lit cigarette in the trashcan, but it's outside and the trash cans made of metal
So it's definitely a fire and there's a little figure itself out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, eventually
The trash all burn up and then is that good? We don't know we don't know yet, but it's all stardust, isn't it?
Yeah star stuff, baby
Yeah, okay. This is an advice show. We help people here believe it or not. You're having fun
Just sit there and enjoy it. Just sit here and
Fucking guzzle it. This might be grandpa's last podcast sit there and enjoy it
We're gonna have a good time together as a family
You can go, you know watch a hollow cube on tik-tok after this right now
You're gonna have a media delivered either way God attended at one point zero X or slower
or slower
Favorite to preserve our limited podcast only you can preserve
And you know what stop listening
Yeah, that's we would not to keep making them laugh more pause every time you laugh
And died eight years ago and his brain is in a jar. They won't let it stop podcasting. Well, let him die
You know listen to podcast the way sting would that's what I say, you know
I mean five minutes listen two hours off on a beach. I would stay listen to a podcast because
Probably in a really cool oil
Tantric thing but like he probably has a giant podcasting sweater
He slips on when he's ready to enjoy one and a huge bug that he uses for his podcasting kombucha
Oh see
I was thinking more he would be in some kind of like floating sensory deprivation chamber where the podcast is all around him and he is
In the podcast and the podcast is him and he fully experiences it with every like ounce of his body
One time sting was like, yeah
I like to take my time before I nut and the rest of us lost our fucking minds and painted this picture
I bet you sting. Here's my thing about sting. I bet you he's the most vanilla acid boring dude in the whole world
It's just one time. He said yeah, I like to not nut immediately and we're all like, wow, what a god
Be my sharpest thing. Yeah, I just like to when I'm having sex I don't like to jizz like instantly Wow
Wow, look at this fucking hippie
Hippie dippie doo-doo
Like his name is Gordon Sumner no one ever mentioned it again
I just don't go full at it right away cuz I'm worried about you know
Jizzin too soon, so I take my time in these fields of gold the man can't even release new music
Cuz we were like he certainly waited before he nutted on this one. Yeah
So is that something anyone could do just like start publicly talking about how that they like to wait before they not and get a
Reputation for like tantric shit cuz you really cool
Yeah
Yeah
Is that just a thing like cuz I don't feel like I feel like sting would be like I'm really cool and I wait
Before I nut and everyone went okay
Well, what an awesome no one went fuck used to prove it. Yeah, this is starting to feel like
Tantric advice at this point, please read the I just think I just think it's a you brought the point up
That's the only thing we talked about a more of his thing is that he likes to wait a bit
What else does he do? I've gotten really into sourdough lately. I
Mean, here's the thing
He's doing like duets with shaggy and no one wants to talk about it like in a hundred years
It should be like some popular musical artists of the 1980s and 90s were staying a guy that let's take a second
Music does it you it's lost the time. I honestly don't remember
The only thing we captured was that he liked to take a bit before he nuts
It might just be a breath
We don't right if they let him fit if they had let him finish which is already a challenge
He would have been like, yeah, I'd like to take my time when I have sex
It takes me like seven minutes to do it
It's not bad sting so I'm sorry IMDb said he wrote two episodes of Lucifer that can't be right
Okay, it can't be right sting wrote two episodes of
Lucifer listen it listen was a writer on two episodes of of Lucifer, but that's got to be wrong. I can't be true
Oh, no, sorry. He wrote songs on the soundtrack for this series Lucifer. He did not write two episodes. I was about to say
Okay, my wonderful father-in-law has a trail camera
She has no trail cameras. It's a camera
Automatic camera that takes oh
Yeah trail care. I should have waited for the context clues here that he uses at his house in rural
Virginia to capture photos of the surrounding wildlife between one and four times a week
He will email us photos of deer bears turkeys and coyotes from the camera. Although mostly it's deer. Mm-hmm
I've run out of ways to respond to email photos of these woodland friends
And if we don't respond he texts us and says did you see my photo?
What are some good ways to respond to email photos of a deer? That's from befuddled in Brooklyn. I
Love these beautiful animals. Yeah
But we have deer that come in our front yard literally every day oh, yeah gobble gobble up the jasmine and
It's it doesn't bother me. It's like
I'm sure you guys are getting more out of this than I am
Mm-hmm, but I I have become completely
Inoculated to deer unless I saw one that had big antlers the other day. Oh, yeah, that's the best. That's great
That's I don't know why that's so awesome
I don't know why there's a natural thing when you see a deer that has big antlers where you're like
That's different and awesome
And I don't know how that instinct turns into and I'm gonna kill you because of it
Because of how many antlers you have and how big they are that's so awesome and different. You must die
I'll
Have them. Thank you
There's another end of that spectrum there too when I see a little youngling a tiny deer who's maybe even a little wobbly need
And I'm gonna protect you with my everything and then there's the between deer where I'm just like fuck off
Get out of the fucking way
Grow antlers the air coming in our yard all the time and every time my dogs go absolutely bananas
But especially my little dog buttercup who weighs about 30 pounds and I know what the fuck you gonna do if I let you out
There right now you're gonna take down that deer buttercup bullshit
sometimes Pete you get too hung up on that you need to create a
Memorable response to something, you know, I sometimes it not everyone has to be gold
Sometimes it could just be like hey nice shot. Yeah cool here cool here. I love it. Love this nice shot. All right, I'm gonna take a
shot in the dark and say your father-in-law might be retired and
Sounds like he enjoys this and he maybe has not processed whether other people enjoy it
So he assumes other people enjoy it at the same level. He enjoys that and simply acknowledging the exchange
He feels like he's giving you something
All you need to do is acknowledge it and say cool deer and that's it help and get on to the gram. Oh
Everybody could appreciate is his great one and all you have to do is like it
All you gotta do is one quick like and then he knows you saw it
You don't got a comment or nothing then you can share with all your friends
You know this great deer this one. This one's a good one everybody
Well, what's more likely is that he won't get a lot of engagement on his deer picks and that's how he finds out
It's like oh fuck. These are actually. Oh wait, these don't have the cool. They don't have a lot of antlers. That's boring
I mean to be fair griffin doesn't sell he's getting a lot of engagement now, right?
But why not have the internet break that to him and have you have to do it?
Maybe you could find some really juggy deers
You fucking dog
He's gonna get some juggy deers and then he's gonna get
What is that even what's that?
Think about it. Yeah, think about it. There's deer that can get it. You know what I mean? The ones that humans like
Does tasty be anybody can like it like a nice chuggy deer people can be at the deers. It's 2021
This stop this was this was acceptable. I think no no no no listen listen listen listen
This was acceptable for like the first two times you guys were talking about it
And then I think for a minute and a half was way too long to talk about it. Well, I'm sorry
We talked about it for seven minutes. I'm assuming they that Rachel trimmed it a little bit
We did about a seven minutes of junky deer material. Yeah, I got it. I got another suggestion. I
Got another suggestion for you
You can after your father-in-law sit. I say his name's Dave after Dave since you picture of a deer
Be like this is great Dave you gotta have some more pictures of deer and then be like, oh, yeah
No problem. And then when you get those pictures, you're like, oh, these are pretty good
But you I gotta get some more great pictures
He just keep asking for more and more and more pictures and so he runs out and he's like
This is getting a little bit irritating. I don't I don't really want to send you it anymore. Oh
So just you're just saying ruin the relationship. No, I'm just saying like if you get real thirsty for deer pigs
Yeah, eventually he will run out of them. You got any pics of the deer's feet
Dave
You got to be more subtle with that they're like, oh cool pic
I love how you got a good shot of the feet there and then sort of slowly guide him like oh nice man feet looking bigger
Just over and over again. Oh, man, there should be a name for a deer feet
You can also ask him to just hold on to them
And so like maybe the last day of the month and then just like let him let him loose and like a huge bodacious wave
Or just like ask him to save them all up and make a coffee table book for you for Christmas
Or a flip book. Yeah put all of them in one thing and it's a flip book. Yeah, shitty not like
Mule linear flip book or it's just like bear turkey bear turkey turkey
Dear dear dear dear dear bear turkey be our dear if you flip it quick enough. It's a crime against God in nature
You know what sucks about this if I get pics of turkeys who cares deers who cares coyotes?
Yeah, who cares but if I get pics of bears, I'm like fucking cool
Look at the size it look at the size of that unit. So you can't shut the hose off
Nope, cuz that will mean no more bear pics
No
This is like this is a wildlife blind bag and you you have to buy it to see if you get a bear in there
Yeah, chase bear. Yeah bear in there. Whoo. Is this a shiny holographic bear? I love it
The the summer months are upon us and it's the things are a little bit different this year and I don't know about you all
But the place I've been most excited to get out to now that we've really cracked this thing
By which I mean coven by which I mean, it's still an issue is the skate park
Okay, and so I did I received I talked to the wizard of the cloud via Maria who sent this
Wikihow article in and it's super important. Does Maria work for the wizard?
Maria is a
Apprentice apprentice. Yes
Basically, so the answer is yes, but unpaid
You're better than that. The wizard of the cloud has so much knowledge and power but is
Just kind of a shitty as a like ethically as a person. Oh, yeah, I guess an entity
I guess the wizard isn't I'm pretty sure you don't get to be a wizard without being kind of shitty. Sure
Yeah, so anyway, this is gonna teach us how to differentiate between a real skater and a poser skater. Oh, thank God. Yeah
Lot of it is watch them skate Wow. Okay, which then we're getting a little bit into
Let's test your let's test your I guess this whole article is about let's test your cred out
But there's ways of doing it
That's not gonna make you look like a huge creep running up on them while they skate and say like do a fucking trick
Do a fucking trick. Let's see it one test their knowledge in a conversation
Ask for bait listen for basic skateboard terms and slang like real skaters are gonna talk real skaters are gonna talk about
Frontside and backside tricks. Yeah, they're gonna use basic skateboard terms like pop and kickflip
Listen for one of the most basic terms of all ollie. Yeah, they won't say things like I
I so I hauled a bunch of perps in the station this weekend. It was a great
They won't say anything like who wants a pepperoni on another pizza pie because that's a pizza restaurant worker
Now Griffin skater will typically talk about Ollie's and kickflips
They won't say things about your driveshaft because that's a car person now Griffin
Are you scared that in doing this article publicly?
What you're really doing is teaching people what other people are looking for out of real skaters and you're right
You're teaching people to pose more effectively. You're right. You could say one of these terms
This first one's I think fake and actually Travis has the uroboros has wrapped all the way around and this article is in fact
A test to see who is a real skater or not because the first term they list here is a slappy
I don't know that kickflip. I've heard a vert. Yes tweak I guess stall sure shifty
Huh kick turn no and mob not real
Some of those are not real slappy is definitely not real when you mess up my trick and your board flips up in the air
And smacks you in the face and you cry a little bit you cry
I mean, that's what that's and you look shifty
But it's a good way to ingratiate yourself to other skaters because skaters are very caring and nurturing a lot
And so when you slap yourself in the face and a single tear rolls down
They'll immediately want to make you feel better and take you out for ice cream and maybe some fries
And then that a better result from this than trying to shame somebody for whether or not they like actually know about skateboarding
Hey, here's a little here's it. Here's a test
Here's a fucking Blade Runner test for how to really catch him in your dragnet
You could try asking something like so have you mastered a kickflip on a vert ramp yet?
Or have you seen Robert do kickflips? He has huge pop
What is this person the article tried to do
Prove whether or not somebody's a real or a
phony fake yeah, we're going to fight void confing some
Void confidence fucking skater poser. Yeah, this article should say watch them skate for five seconds
It's a fall over and cry for a half hour and then have their dad come pick him up
They're probably faking it but they just that even that assumes that if I Travis McElroy write down
I have never skateboarded in my life if I went down to a store and bought one
I don't even know where I would do that and went to a skate park and tried to skate that people would be like
He's trying to pose as a real skater, and I'd be like clearly. I'm not clearly
There's nothing about what I'm doing right now that implies that I think I'm doing a good job
I'm trying to learn and people might yell poser and I'd say no. I'm just beginning
This is a second phase of my lifestyle, and I'm just learning right now
This is a shitty skater is not a poser
Yeah, no no
But if someone is just sitting on the sidelines holding a board that they've clearly scrapped up with a pocketknife or something and they're going
That's a bad jump bounce that you did now that my friends
That's about how lazy is that person that they wouldn't even learn the word kickflip. I know
Where were they gonna learn it Griffin? Yeah, that's fair
You could try asking do you hold your board by the trucks or deck do you think it matters now?
That's that one might actually catch me ask if they ride regular or goofy now listen
A poser is gonna hear this and say well. I don't ride goofy. Oh, I'm a fucking kick-ass skater
I'm a good skater a real serious one. Do you say why do you think max goof would say max goof?
Especially nothing
Movie do you think he would be like I ride goofy or even if he knew what he was talking was like?
I don't want to be like my dad goofy aka George Keefe
We can all agree that max from goofy movie is a fucking poser skater
Wow, hey fuck off. Hey Griffin fuck off. Bart Simpson is a poser. Yeah, sure
I mean like you see him he skates once and then he'll go two years without skating that is yeah
And then they'll see him skate again. It's like okay, so you do you love it?
Do you live for it? Do you live for the grind the daily grind?
Well, he might also just be doing it when he's not on camera
That's possible. Yeah
Ask them about their board ask what material it's made out of do you tighten or loosen your trucks when you get on your board?
What type of arch do you have on your deck? You know real stompers for a person?
Who can't just look at their fucking skateboard and say oh, it's got a
Let's see. It's like some tribal art and
Some fire. Yeah, try the Martian on there. It's pretty good. Yep
Um ask who their favorite skaters and skate brands are
They'll know more pro names than Tony Hawk BAM and Ryan Sheckler. Damn it. I'm out. Damn it. I'm out of them
They will know about a few name brands. Even if it's a negative opinion. It's still knowledge. Ooh
That's a good way around it. Is Stussy one? Stussy, Birdhouse
Girlfriend
Journeys
Liz
Spencers orange Julius
Auntie Anne's
Wham-o wham-o slam-o brand silly skateboard big kicks
Skateboard skate boys skate boys skate men's we can go to the person and just be like hey get this phony Hawk
And if they look at your like arm busted
Then you got them, but look at you like god, that's funny. Hey if they carry their board by the trucks
That's called a mall grab and it's usually considered to be a poser red flag
Let me continue because the next point is there's a lot of controversy about whether or not the mall grab truly indicates your opposer since a lot
Of skaters these days do hold their boards like that. So in conclusive so in
Conclusion this is a bad article
Watch them then there's a whole section as I watch them skate study what they do watch them follow them watch them skate
I just feel like
Should be one right? It should be number one
No, just yeah, cuz someone could be a bad skater and not a poser, right?
Yeah, I'm gonna be a very good skater and be a poser
That's true classic poser moves include just standing around chatting smoking cigarettes
Oh, that's thing and getting old and I'm gonna say vapes in there, too
Oh texting and get only a poser
Even has their vape rig on them at the skate park because they could fall down on it and either
Break the glass on or explode the battery. Yeah, that's why I built mine into my board. I got ohms everywhere
I got ohms all over my pants
I do this thing where I go up in the air off I vert off the kid flip and then I hold the board up
In the air and just rip a big grip right off the end of the board
And then when I come down I let go of a big cloud and I call it puff of the magic wagon
So they've these are getting more intrusive you watch them study them ask them to do tricks they'll say like no
I can't right now. I'm sick and you say oh
Here I'm here. You should be at home. I brought medicine for you. Take the medicine and fucking ollie, but then the next one is
inspect their appearance
Examine them for scrapes and bruises
Yeah, if you skate you're gonna fall off your board and get scraped off
Even if you're good when you're coming up with new tricks, you're gonna fuck you you will I've been skating for years
I don't fall ever. I have never been scraped or scratched while doing my art on the board
Sometimes when I'm skating I will fall into the air
That's how good I am. I look out for name-brand clothing because that means that they're a poser
There's a lot of stuff in here. I'm sure there's good skaters who had just I just bought these shoes
That's why they're not scuffed up fuck off
Phony, oh phony jabroni. No, I just got off work at Orange Julius. That's why my shirt says it
Let's take a quick break and head on into the money zone
We're sponsored this week by orange Julius a company that I don't know has any brick-and-mortar stores anymore
You can only order them online. You're gonna get an orange Julius sent right to your house
I all right. Let me do the jingle then we'll wrap this one up. Okay, orange Julius when you gotta have thick juice
We are actually sponsored by Squarespace, which is a wonderful
That's not funny like orange Julius. Yeah
If you want to make an orange Julius fansite, maybe turn into Squarespace
It's already being used by people who produce food like orange Julius. Maybe I don't know for sure sports teams
of
Furniture it says furniture
I think they probably people who sell it or make it or something not furniture itself making its own bespoke website gamers. Yeah
I mean the furniture people
Everybody's making websites and now you can make your dreams it take the first step
This is an attainable concrete step that you can take towards your goals
That's not that's not kidding around this real do something do something to take that first step and build a beautiful
website
From Squarespace, you know showcase your work
You can promote your physical or online business and you can do it all with beautiful customized little templates free and secure hosting
All our really helpful analytics and there's nothing to patch or upgrade ever
Just go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
I want to tell you guys about stitch fix because I just got a pair of really what you get beautiful
Black like thick sold and they tie in the front
But they zip on the side and that's a winning combo for yours truly because once I find that perfect fit
I don't want to have to keep on tying it or retying it
These are beautiful boots and I got a cool jacket that I'm looking forward to wearing when the weather gets chilly
And you could get into the stitch fix lifestyle as well because it's great and you never
Have to worry about if things don't fit or if it's not your style because stitch fix offers clothing hand-selected by expert stylists
That's your unique size of style and budget you try on pieces at home before you buy keep your favorites
Send back the rest stitch fix has free shipping easy returns and exchanges and a prepaid return envelope is included
There's no subscription required try stitch fix once or set up automatic deliveries
You'll pay just a $20 styling fee for each box
Which gets credited towards pieces you keep and there are no hidden fees ever get started today at stitch fix comm
Slash my brother and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your face
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix stitch fix comm slash my brother
Schmaner's now definition
Rules of etiquette designed not to judge others but rather to guide ourselves through everyday social situations
Hello Internet. I'm your husband host Travis McElroy, and I'm your wife host Teresa McElroy every week on Schmaner's
We take a look at a topic that has to do with society or manners
We talk about the history of it
We take a look at how it applies to everyday life and we take some of your questions
And sometimes we do a biography about a really cool person that had an impact on how we view etiquette
So join us every Friday and listen to Schmaner's on maximum fun org or wherever podcasts are found
Manor Schmaner's get it
So what now well now's the time Justin will retake a deep dark look into our souls and see how we're doing on this episode
How do you think it's going so far guys?
Overall very very good. Yeah, I would say
Very good the best episode we've ever done one of the top episodes. We've ever done. I have a quick I
Want to this is like a new version of Munch Squad. Okay, where it's just for vegans and vegetarians, okay?
So it's like this is quiet, but like the the combination of vowels is maybe a little bit different
yeah, like my what would be a good name for like
Light Munch Squad like a you know like a meat-free
meat-free mm-hmm fake Munch Squad, you know like with a K probably I like Munch Munch Squad
Munch Why'd with a K kind of anyway, okay?
Why does any of it have to be different
I want a Munch Squid
Hi, why I want a Munch Why
Why dump up up up up up up up?
This is gonna freak you guys out. You guys know the naked chicken chalupa. Yeah, right
Listen this
They're doing
Oh
Vegetarians are just like us and they want to be dirt bags
Sometimes and this will let them simulate be an absolute dirt bags
It's it's really the main thing they miss out on yeah is getting to live like stay up there
They have ways of getting protein and all the strong beef power that I get when I eat a big hamburger
But what they don't usually get is that I feel like shit after I eat most meals
Yeah, listen when vegans get drunk they want to make food mistakes, too
You know yes when they're hungover they want to get rumbly tumbly and it gives them the vegan shits later, too
You know what I mean, so let's do this thing
Yeah, everybody an equal opportunity to make bad life choices the naked chalupa
This is actually called the naked chalupa with a crispy plant-based shell awesome name
Really actual name really described as a new menu innovation that gives vegetarian and veggie curious
I've been looking for a way to get into vegetables
This is just a gateway drug I require a new menu innovation that gives vegetarian and veggie curious fans everywhere reasons to
Celebrate oh
Now hold on wait is that spelled
Sh-e-l-l a break or did it say do a share impression while you say this next part celebrate, okay?
celebrate so it's
You want one no problem because they're everywhere
Oh in the kitchen of the Taco Bell at two two two two Barranca Parkway in Irvine, California
Damn it. You got me kid Justin from now until June 27th fucking Marty McFly go get you one
Why would you get you one? They're everywhere and here for good
As long as you can kill my good time and make it to Irvine
So that is happening there Wendy's
What is it constituted?
What is it?
This is the most sinister thing about it is they don't say what it is
It's just you don't know you probably shouldn't worry about it. No. I'm worried about it
I know what I know about like the impossible burger and seitan and tofu and all that jazz, but
Yeah, they'll never mention this fit this yeah, don't worry about it
They're doing it. They're they're still working with beyond meat to make fake Taco Bell meat
So like this is you don't need this with us. This is not this is never going to be a good concern
You'll never hear about this thing in you'll never see it again
Okay, Wendy's on the other hand is wants to get into the mix with
the in the plant-based category with a
Spicy black bean burger. Oh
Right now man. That's pretty good
but so Aaron Bennett is the manager of culinary production innovation and
her team
Helped create this this spicy new product meant for flexitarians, huh?
I don't know if you guys know about this
this term but flexitarians
According to John Lee the vice president of culinary innovation who describes it as
Not your parents or your grandparents black bean burger
So I mr. Lee I do agree that neither my parents nor my naughty or my grandmother
Barbara Allen would have enjoyed a black bean burger
I can't we are in agreement. Hey, can we not blow past the flexitarian thing?
Is that somebody who sometimes eats vegetables and sometimes he's me because there's another name for that
There's a definitely another name for that. It's omnivore
It's a yeah, it's a it's some of the centers on plat plant foods
But every once in a while you're like a bit of meat, please. That's nothing
Huh, I don't know what you I don't know what you want from me
I'm just here to tell you about the spicy black bean burger. Okay, uh, they explored 70 to 80 different options during the process
Wow, and this is what they came to we have a this is I tell you man fucking John Lee
Who I don't know that we featured on the show before a bunch squad
Which is I should have mentioned earlier. It's a podcast then podcast that profiles lazy crazy brandy
John Lee is bringing it
He says we have a lot of equity and a lot of strength and a lot of understanding in terms of what our customers want
Jesus part of it is flavor. Yeah in the world of paint plant-based protein
Hey, wait, just a lot of stop you real quick
Dustin is there a press release here in which a human person said that we had to study to make sure that our
Customers at a food place wanted to be able to taste the food. Okay
Yeah part listen to John Lee's bringing some fucking heat to you
Now part of it is flavor in the world of plant-based protein
There are a lot of products out there that are just substitutes and they end up getting
built in sandwiches that I call
Okay. Oh
snap, that's
Amazing. They're not flavorful. Yeah, they're bullshit the way Aaron built this
It really is craveable. I
I don't miss eating me. I swear to God on my dad's grave
I swear on the grave of my father John Lee senior. This burger is craveable may Christ
I'll bleed if I'm wrong you you take this knife
You hold in your hand in your other hand taste this burger if I'm wrong on what you stab me directly in the heart
May coven 19 be supplanted by a far more vicious cove in 2022
That wife's humanity for the face the earth, but god damn it. This is craveable
I love this fucking burger and I don't I don't miss eating meat when I eat that spicy black bean
Not even my ex-wife. I love this burger. I don't miss a fucking second of it
It's not just a black bean says John Lee
Okay, it's all the components together that give it the right texture the right flavor
Nutritional profile that we felt good about now. We're focused on taste first. I mean no no no about it
big T
Little in is what I call it. Why what?
No say that again cuz that was wild that was now we're focused on taste first make no doubt about it
Big T. Little in is what I call it big get the taste, right? Make sure it looks fantastic
Nutrition comes second. Oh, okay. Okay
big taste
little nutrition little nutrition
Big taste and a little nutrition. Hey, hey, um
Lee I think you're pushing the wrong thing here. No, no, no
I let him know that it tastes great and it's bad for you. Yeah, that's the yeah
You don't have to say that part. That's what we want you to skip over next time buddy
So all these ingredients, okay beyond the patty
This is like the longest interview of it's an interview on QSR the longest interview I've ever seen about a sandwich
What are the odds that they call them to just get like a quick quote and he would not let them off the phone
Guys, I tell you I fucking hate vegetables fucking hate him hate him, but this is when I eat these
It doesn't make me want to barf like every other time I eat vegetables. I've never felt anything before
I held my own baby in my arms. I look at his face. I love nothing. I took one bite of this burger
I cried for the first time in my life out of happiness
Beyond the patty we wanted to focus is Aaron Bennett again beyond the patty
We want to really focus on having some texture and flavor contrast as I mentioned not wanting to have that mushy
boring
Experience that we see in so many other places. So we added a lot of really nice
Crisp fresh produce. Oh, yeah, like onions and tomatoes and romaine lettuce
Then we have this really cool new ingredient crispy chipotle jalapeno
They're actually jalapenos that are see which is like so weird that you have a specify that era. Yeah
Oh these things these jalapenos
They're actually jalapenos that are seasoned with a chipotle seasoning that perfectly complements the spicy the spicy
Black bean patty itself and we topped with chipotle sauce and then they really come together in addition to nice
Creamy cool
Pepper jack cheese. Hell. Yeah. Hell. Yeah. Wait a minute. Not bland. It's not boring. It's spicy. Is it vegan?
Pepper jack cheese?
It's not bland it's not boring it's spicy
But I like to think of it as an approachable spice where you bite into it and you're like, okay
I can eat this, you know
Like when you're at the bar and you see an attractive person, but they're not too attractive
And you're comfortable walking up and talking to them
But then also if they reject you you're not too sad because they weren't that super attractive to begin with you get it
You get it you look at a person you're like, okay, I could eat them
You get it. Was there a PR rep hovering over his shoulder and he was like, it's so spicy
It'll burn your asshole right off. No, no walk back walk back. Okay, it's a it's an approachable spice
Yeah, yeah, perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Dave Thomas rose from his grave and tried to choke me and my family to death
This thing's so spicy. He said this isn't my Wendy's anymore. You have to change the name
Change it to hell
That's what you've done to my beloved brand
This fucking shit is spicy and craveable. Walk it back walk it back. Just a little bit
It's an approachable spice
No, that's what happened
It must be told. Dave Thomas rose from his grave and tried to choke me and my family to death
What he meant to say was it's an approachable spice
Dave Thomas actually rose from his grave to say this is a great addition to our menu. It would pair great with a Frosty
It would really have to cool down your palate just 99 cents
He busted out. He said this is great for vegetarians and God love our troops
It's so spicy it made me hate our troops
I have a clear shot. Take it
Take it. Take it out. God is dead and this sandwich killed him. No no no no no. I've seen the end. It was so hot I could see through time to the very collapse of the universe. This is all meaningless. Nothing matters.
Everything you do is pointless. We're all on a trajectory that was planned long before the invention of time
But do enjoy the Frosty with it. You can dip your fries in it. It's delicious. He's right. It's craveable. The craveability is inarguable. We can all agree on that.
The sniper is nodding his head. Yes we can. Single tear on his face. You are my best friend. I had to take this shot and I have to put you in the ground but this burger is flavorful. But I'll marry your wife just like I promised.
I will and I'll raise your son just like you would have wanted with lots of spicy foods. But not too spicy. I'm sorry I have to stop the interview. Sir did you just Morse code tap on the table that your butt got turned into a volcano by this hot hot spicy...
No. No. These are actual jalapenos. Wink.
This is the perfect triumvirate of butt problems where it's incredibly spicy with several new kinds of jalapenos that are actually jalapenos and mainly black beans and also made at Wendy's. So it's going to have a real kind of ribble bathroom after party that you should check out.
Hey listen if anyone from Wendy's is listening I'm actually a big fan of Wendy's. I love what you guys are doing. Love Wendy's. Love them. I don't know why Justin said that you guys make people's butts hurt. I've never had that experience at Junior Bacon Cheeseburger. It's like my favorite thing. I don't know why Justin said that.
I'm conflating the time that I had diarrhea and had to drive quickly to Wendy's to throw away my underwear. But Wendy's was there for you in that moment Justin. That was and I shouldn't be dragging them down.
Especially when they're churning out some of the most craveable menu options.
I'm a vegan and have a full time job. So my brother called me...
I'm looking for a burger that will fucking shatter my reality.
I'm a vegan and have a full time job. So when my brother called me and offered to make me handmade vegan spaghetti I accepted. It's now sitting in front of me and it's gross. The problem is he spent two and a half hours making it and he's sitting right behind me.
Brothers, how do I dispose of the spaghetti he made specifically without him seeing? Follow up. How do I get more food later without getting caught? That's from stealthily disposing of spaghetti in a Spokane.
You can't just put it in the garbage. Too visible. He's going to open that garbage later?
Yeah.
God and there's not a lot of like outside animals that eat spaghetti that you could like chuck it to?
You would have to make it to a window at that point too. I think your best bet is maybe a two-part disposal where you're going to put it in like a drawer that's rarely used.
Right? Dump it in that drawer. And then you're going to recover that in an hour or so when the heat's off.
Yeah.
Right? And then you're going to need...
This is a two person operation.
Yeah.
No matter what.
You need a friend to collaborate.
You could do an accidental dump on the floor, right? Where you turn too quickly.
That's so mean, Mel.
Yeah, yeah. That's really mean. That's going to hurt a lot. You know, spaghetti is a really good food for scooting it into mounds and then acting like, ugh.
I couldn't possibly.
I'm stuffed. I've eaten so much of it.
Could you put it on your head and pretend it's your hair?
Oh, there's something there.
Is there? Well, I mean, you're going to have to style it.
No, there's something there for sure.
It's a kind of permanent solution though at that point because if it starts to fall off, hmm.
You could ask, what's in this? And then have them go down the list of ingredients.
And at some point in there, be like, oh, did you say capers? This ain't vegan.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, capers. You wouldn't think it, but they're just little snail eyes.
Are you sure? I thought they were like little weird olives.
Nah, man. They're fucking snail feet.
Sucks. You worked real hard on this.
Sucks that you undid all that good hard work just because you weren't paying attention to the ingredients.
How about I order some steaks, huh? I'll get on DoorDash.
Let's get some steaks and some pork rinds.
I don't know what you want me to say to this question.
I need full situational awareness to do a cheat like this.
You didn't even give us like exits.
You know, we have no information.
How big are your pockets?
Yeah. Are you wearing loose pants like a ginko jean?
Are they lined with spaghetti proof plastic?
Do you have a dog in the house?
And it's so important. Make sure that the plastic is rated for spaghetti.
Don't just use Ziploc. It's not rated for spaghetti.
How big is the kitchen counter?
Because you could potentially spread like one strand here, one strand there.
Like some sort of Easter egg hunt where even if they saw individual strands,
it would not seem like enough to make up an entire plate of spaghetti.
And you could just be like, oh, it was so delicious.
I just tore into it like the Tasmanian devil and launched those little bastards all over the kitchen.
Yeah. I tore it up all crazy like a wild boar.
And I spun into it.
I turned into a tornado and I spun into the middle of it and spaghetti was everywhere.
I'm so, so sorry.
Oh, that's good.
I mean, you could do it for real though, right in front of them.
And just like, yeah, like smash your face into it like the Cookie Monster
and you're only going to have to eat a couple bites,
but the rest of it is just going to go hither and yon.
Yeah. If you Cookie Monster it, it'll look like maximum impact with like minimum intake.
Very little work.
You could also do that thing where you turn like profile to him
and you open your mouth up and you turn your head facing upward
and you hold up one strand at a time and go like, ah.
But actually you're dropping it beside your face on the opposite side of him.
And you're going to do that a lot.
It's going to take a long time to get through this.
Just now and it's going to look like it's disappearing into your mouth,
but you're not really eating it.
It's a magic trick.
Could you turn it into a braided bracelet?
That's cool.
Give it, give it right back.
Yeah.
Spaghetti bracelet.
Spaghetti bracelet for brothers.
How do you fuck up spaghetti that bad, especially once you work on it for two hours?
Spaghetti squash.
This is where I've been thinking about the entire time I've been sitting here.
Yeah.
Spaghetti squash that you've just done wrong, right?
Squash has, we could all agree has a limited window of viability.
Yeah.
Well, here's what I will say as a parent.
It says it's sitting in front of you and it's gross,
which makes me think maybe you haven't tried it.
So maybe it doesn't look, maybe it doesn't look like your thing.
Open it up.
Open it up.
But maybe take a bite and see if you like it.
How about a three bite rule, just like Pete the Cat says.
You try three bites and you see if you like it.
Because it might be good.
It might be good, little baby.
So open the hair and here comes the airplane.
Vroom, vroom.
Here we come.
Brrrr.
Oh no, we've been shot.
Got to aim.
We're coming in for a hot landing.
Oh, it's the sub with Campbell being chased by the Red Baron.
You're not opening your mouth.
What's wrong?
Eat it.
Oh no.
Then it never crashes into the hangar, does it?
No.
No.
I wish my, I'm glad my son doesn't know that.
That if he just doesn't open his mouth,
I'm not going to smash the spaghetti into his closed mouth.
It's a little life hack for you four year olds.
Before we wrap up, can I talk about my life real quick?
Yeah, I guess so.
This weird thing happened with minions where the groups that were posting lots of different memes went private.
And then these groups were only minions.
It's really weird, guys.
If you look for these groups, you can't find them anymore.
It was really hard to find the last batch.
That's not what I want to talk about though.
I got into one that was invite only.
Oh, okay.
Where you had to answer questions like, I mean, I think the question was like, do you love minions?
Was that a tough one?
It was a tough one, but I came down with yes.
But now that I'm in the groups, I'm afraid to leave because what if I need them?
They would get suspicious if I left.
I just want to tell you guys some stuff that's happened in the groups.
They've gone so that they're not really talking about minions as much as you would think they would be talking about minions.
I would think they would be speaking about the minions quite a bit.
I mean, there's a good amount of minions material, but here's a poll that someone put up that said the monsters or the Addams Family, which one was the best show?
Oh, fuck.
It's very nuanced.
I don't know if there's a clear answer to that.
So I'm going to read you guys without any names.
I'm going to read you guys without skipping anything.
The answer.
Okay, the answers that this post received.
By the way, people go absolutely bug nuts for these.
There's 283 respondents wanting to rushing, rushing to give you their two cents.
Ready?
Yep.
Both shows are better than most reality shows they have now.
Okay.
That wasn't part of it.
So wait, wait, hold on.
Do you think, can we, did you think those are reality television programs?
Huh?
Anyway, so both shows.
Okay.
Both.
Both.
Tammy.
Both.
Amber.
I like both of them.
Beth.
Toss up.
Cassie.
Love them both.
Gordon.
Love them both.
Roma.
Both funny.
Stephanie.
I love both.
Donna.
I love them both equally.
Donna.
I love them both.
Hermelina.
Love them both.
Huh?
Scott.
Love them both.
Elaine.
I hate making choices.
Crap.
I love watching both as a kid.
Crap.
Lisa says, I like both.
We're not getting anywhere.
Jan said.
I, both, but a force to pick.
I'd go for Adam's family.
Claire.
Both were awesome.
I grew up watching both.
Dwayne.
Can't choose.
Love them both.
Angela.
Adam's family spelled A-D-A-M apostrophe S. Hi, I'm Adam and this is my family.
Welcome to my wild mixed up family.
Deborah.
Both.
Lynn.
Picture of a flossing skeleton.
Okay.
Okay.
Frank.
Both.
Oh, boy.
Which one would you guys pick?
Don't make me choose, but probably Adam's family.
Adam's family.
Definitely.
But that 1313 Mockingbird Lane, an unaired pilot that Brian Fuller made that was an adaptation
starring Jerry O'Connell as Herman Munster and Eddie Izzard as grandpa thing.
What?
Fucking slapped.
Yeah.
It was very extremely good.
The answer is both.
Is what I was looking for.
Oh, both.
Hey, thanks for listening to our podcast.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself and had a lot of fun and made some new friends along
the way.
Learn something.
Learn something about yourself.
Our video on demand of the summer boybeque is still available for just a little bit longer
if you go to bit.ly slash M-B-M-B-A-M virtual, so go check that out.
Oh, Taz Crystal Kingdom, our newest Adventure Zone graphic novel comes out next week, July
13th, 2021.
Go ahead and get that pre-order.
What are you waiting for?
It's bit.ly slash AdventureZoneComic.com, but even more exciting, we're doing a live
and virtual event to celebrate the graphic novel coming out on July 13th.
We've got special guests coming and I'm not going to tell you who they are now, but we've
all got to line up and it's going to be wild, wild and silly and you're going to have a
great time.
Go to bit.ly slash Taz G-N-L-I-V-E-2-0-2-1.
That's Taz G-N-L-I-V-E-2-0-2-1 for more info.
It's got event exclusive signed book plates are available from our partner bookstores.
More info can be found at that link and we have a non-event exclusive pre-order gift
from First Second, which is a Kravitz lenticular laptop sticker.
You can submit your pre-order receipts at bit.ly slash Taz for pre-order.
Lot of bit.ly's in there, but it's all worth it.
All worth it.
Tell me about that merch, Griffin.
Yeah, we got lots of merch at our McElroy merch page, including a new pin of the month
for the Gushy Wolves, which if you've listened to the Ethersea Setup episodes, you know,
of course it's the mascot for the, I guess, only school in that entire world.
We love the Gushy Wolves.
And the sales for that are going to benefit the Innocence Project, which exonerates the
wrongly convicted through DNA testing and reforms the criminal justice system to prevent
future injustice.
There's other stuff on there too.
This trash sticker from the MBMBAM TV show.
There's a beautiful green stoneware mug with the Taz logo on it.
And even the besties is getting in on the game with a video game book club shirt.
And it's very, it's very stylish, and you'll get lots of compliments on it.
And hey, you know what?
Thank you to Montaigne for using our theme song, and that theme song is called My Life
is Better with You, and when it drops, and we know when, we know when it drops.
We basically have our fingers on the Switch that when we flip it, then the song goes live
on iTunes.
Yeah, it's up to us and we're withholding it.
And that's the important thing is that you make sure that you know that it's fully us
and we're the ones that iTunes calls us every day.
It's like, we have a song now and we're like, oh, sorry, we're so busy.
Did you guys know that Montaigne streams on Twitch?
I did not know that, but it tracks.
Yeah, actual Montaigne on Twitch.
I just watched Montaigne do a Sims 4 stream the other day.
It was absolutely wonderful.
If you are on Twitch, you can also check out my Twitch channel.
It is TheTravisMcElroy.
I've been getting into Overwatch, if you can believe it.
Trying to get good at it.
It's 1998.
Yeah, with that and NBA Jam, new games I'm checking out.
Here's a final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Breckin Meyer.
Whoa.
Yeah, pretty badass.
And it's asked by Shrek and Pryor.
Huh.
Who...
Sorry, Shrek and Pryor?
It's Richard Pryor's grandsons.
Got it.
His Shrek-based grandson.
Shrek-inspired.
Shrek-inspired asks...
That's weird, it just says Donkey with five exclamation points and four question marks.
I don't even know how this one got past the filters on Yahoo.
I think it has to be two words, but it just says Donkey on it.
Is there a question?
That was it, Donkey.
That was the whole...
Yeah, that was the whole thing.
My name is Justin McElroy.
Travis McElroy.
Maybe it didn't load.
Let me refresh the browser.
I finished that.
No.
It's...
This is Griffin McElroy.
It's the full page.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me, Kissy Tats.
Go wear on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org. Comedy and culture. Artist-owned. Audience-supported.
