The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Open your minds. Open your hearts. Open your spirits.
Open. Open your doors. Open your doors. Open your hands. Open your wallets. Open your wallets.
Open your itunes and your zooms and your eyes and your eyes your ears and your win amps.
Listening is not a two-way street. It's time now for you to relax,
breathe, and learn with my brother, my brother, and me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
I am Justin McElroy. I am Travis McElroy. I am Griffin McElroy. I don't like that idea that
listening isn't a two-way street. You're saying that we shouldn't be having a dialogue with our
fans right now? A dialogue is a two-way street, but listening is not. If listening were a two-way
street, there'd just be a lot of quiet. Sure, but I just want people to feel like they can come to
us and talk to us. They do, but they've already had their part of the conversation goes on for
literally the entire week except for an hour. I like to imagine this for this whole week,
we've been sort of sagely like nodding and stroking our chins. As the world just moans and wails.
The clouds part. Just give that wisdom down. So if you're driving, stop. Go park. If you're
sweeping, finish sweeping and then stop. Give yourselves to us entirely for 40 minutes.
As we convert your questions into wisdom. You can call this period you listen to the show,
The Calm. Welcome to The Calm. That's our new name, The Calm. This one comes from SuperSara77,
which I like for the alliteration. How do I deal with my suite mate's ruckus,
arrhythmic lovemaking? Her squeaking the bed is getting to me. Her squeaking bed is getting to me.
Hi, reading. I've suggested the bean bag, but to no avail. I'd pop in my headphones and listen
to my brother, my brother and me, but you don't put out enough episodes. Wow.
I personally like that one of the complaints is that it's arrhythmic.
She can just find that sweet beat. If it was just like a constant regular beat,
she could just find some Tiesto song. Just throw down speed rail and just lose it.
That's the answer. Whenever your suite mate starts her arrhythmic lovemaking,
start pounding on the wall in rhythm and see if she falls in line with it.
That would be a fun experiment. If I may suggest, don't listen to us when you're listening to your
roommate's lovemaking, because that's not a Freudian mental connection that you want your
subconscious to make. Maybe it would be nice every time you listen to us to think of suite
arrhythmic lovemaking, but every time you hear lovemaking or participate in lovemaking,
the last thing you want to be thinking about is our voices. Yeah, I disagree.
Excuse me, Philip. I'm enjoying our lovemaking, arrhythmic though it may be,
but I believe in order to climax, I'm going to need to turn on my brother, my brother and me.
It's a podcast. You'll enjoy it. Maybe you won't. I don't care.
See, now we're getting meta.
If at the end of the video, I'm ready for Griffin's last question, then...
Um, you should talk to your, your roommate and talk about how gross this whole,
this whole scenario is because you have to see her the next morning.
Uh, I, there is a reason why we make this show the perfect, uh, length for a lovemaking session.
40 minutes?
Well, I, I am of course, including a 35 minute get pumped nap for afterwards
where you get pumped again.
Oh, thank God. I was about to ask a really embarrassing question.
My brother, my brother and me, uh, my brother said on a show that we do together,
the ideal length for a lovemaking.
I love it when people do stuff like that, just to mess with you. Like,
oh, you mean it, it takes you less than an hour to climax? That's so, that's so bizarre.
Uh, you don't have a 13 inch penis soft? That's, that's this, well, that must be terrible for you.
Uh, penis soft was my favorite software developer in the, in the eighties, by the way.
They made a lot of really great racing games.
They totally did.
Um, let's, how about we kick off a Yahoo?
Oh, wow.
Let's do it.
It's early, but, um, I feel like, uh, it might be a good way to get the show started.
Um, this Yahoo answer was sent in by, uh, Austin.
Yeah, baby.
Uh,
The man, baby.
Oh, God.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, JustMe, who asks, why does my cat have huge boobs?
Only to back to, and I'm positive she is not, nor has she ever been pregnant.
I got her when she was tiny and got her spade ASAP.
That is when I noticed her boobs getting bigger and bigger.
Is that at all normal?
She's a calico.
If that matters.
Oh, it matters.
Fuck yeah.
It matters.
You know what they say about those Cali's Cali's big, big front me on this.
Well, I guess on a cat, it would be like under me under me.
Cod.
Have you seen that Cali's under me?
It is weird.
Okay.
Cat has some sweet tits, like really just bonds or stuff.
Yeah.
It's weird because it's just the back two.
Yeah.
I don't really like her.
The her other eight possible that your cat is a boy and that's its balls.
Cat have giant balls at maybe your cats.
Okay.
Think about this for a second.
You've assumed treated your cat like you've named it Mrs Snuggle baby.
And it's been your cat, your girl cat for years, right?
But it's been a boy this whole time.
And now it's like biologically reasserting that by increasing its ball size fourfold.
And so you like see him finally be like, yes.
And now it's super frustrating because it thinks it you now believe that it has a giant boobs.
I hate to.
I hate to do another Yahoo answer.
I wasn't going to read this one initially, but the segue now it just set itself up so perfectly.
And I can't remember who sent it in.
So I apologize to whoever it was.
But it's why Yahoo answers user at the cold train who asks,
why are cats testicles furry and humans not?
I would like furry testicles.
Thank you.
Furry cat testicles looks so cool.
Don't you think so?
I've had I've actually had that thought as well.
I've just just look at not on an actual cat, but on a like a furry.
Like a furry like a human being dressed up like a cat.
Yeah.
I'm just saying that that's kind of a cool look.
I was actually thinking of naming my new garage band that furry cat testes.
What is the what's the story with with cat balls?
Are people looking at these things more than I knew that they were?
Is that it's true when in the same week I get sent two questions
that have to do with cat genitalia.
I didn't know.
Maybe it's some sort of some sort of looks like bird watching.
Maybe looking at cat balls is the new watching paint dry.
It's watching the cat's balls.
I don't think that you should.
I think it's one of the mortal sins to cover the balls of another animal.
Isn't that in the Bible or something?
Well, no, because cats are an exception because you're supposed to worship them
and they're sweet tits and they're huge, awesome balls.
Yes, God, God, you're what if?
Oh, my God.
What if there was a cat that had huge, huge tits and big furry balls?
Do you know how hard I would jerk?
Oh, Jesus.
You know, forget.
This would be me.
This would be me.
Hey, sweetheart.
I can't hear our arrhythmic lovemaking over the sound of Justin furiously masturbating.
Why did why did you send him that YouTube clip?
I thought it was funny.
Well, it's not funny.
He has to stop jerking off.
I'm growing concerned about him.
He has he has lesions now.
Listen, just toss in a bottle of Gatorade and hope for the best.
What's Jay from Gmail asks us, what's the sign that I'm being a bit too touchy feely
with my girlfriend in public?
She's an incredibly attractive lady.
And sometimes I just like to wrap my arms around her, Griffin, and pull her close to me.
You know, you said my name in there.
Yeah, because I feel like he was showing off.
That's what I feel like.
No, well, Jay, as I mean, I'm not a dictionary author, but it sounds like you're describing
a hug, which I think I think hugs are still kind of cool.
Yeah.
Hugs are all right.
The thing is, here's what I think.
If they could use your picture in a catalog to sell sweaters, you're not overstepping
the bounds.
This is actually a pretty good rule for PDA.
If someone could take your picture and someone else could think, oh, I'd like to buy that
shirt, then it is OK.
If someone would look at the picture and be like, what are these two creepers doing?
Then it's gone too far.
My rule of thumb is always, would I do this in front of my grandmother?
That's a bad rule.
Well, it depends.
There's a lot of awesome shit in life that you can't do in front of your grandma.
Or Jesus.
Or Jesus.
Or Jesus.
Or my grandmother, Jesus.
Jesus.
Maybe it's a family name.
Don't be a jerk.
Sometimes you just can't help it, though.
Sometimes you've got this super attractive girlfriend.
Like, there's literally nothing you can do about it.
It's a foregone conclusion.
You're going to just grope a little bit.
Griff, can you tack if memory serves into that last paragraph when you're editing?
Uh-huh.
If memory serves, from what I remember about the female form...
I read in a book once.
If I learned anything from watching Titanic, it's...
I mean, as long as you're stealth about it, you just, I mean, you've got to understand.
We got this question last week about the guy who has a friend who's too touchy feely with
his girlfriend.
Maybe there's a connection here.
Just be polite and be conscientious.
Don't do it at, like, you know, a funeral, you know.
Yeah.
Or look around you and see if, like, anybody else is being a weirdo with the hugs and stuff.
If you're in a hug-friendly environment, you'll usually get a pretty good sense of it.
And again, this is one of those, if you have to wonder about it, then it's probably already
too late.
Yeah.
Like, if that thought crosses your mind, you're a conscientious person.
You're a conscientious enough person that, you know, you're just going to have to put
the kibosh on.
I tell you what I cannot stand, what I can't stand for, and this was big when I went to
high school, is boyfriends and girlfriends who would walk side by side with their hands
in each other's back pockets.
First of all, when you do that, you become a fucking tie fighter.
Like, nobody can get past you.
Like, you are twice, taking up twice as much space as normal.
And it's hard to navigate those tight high school hallways.
But also, your hands are just straight up on each other's butts.
Like, there's no apologizing for that.
You know what I can't stand?
Creepy tiny kisses.
Like, when all your friends stand behind another one.
But like, multiple.
Like, I love you.
Yeah, I don't like it when the girl stands on the guy's feet and then grabs his wrist
and then walks with him like he's a big exoskeleton.
I mean, we get it.
You're in love, right?
You don't need to form Voltron.
I hate that.
How does one gain swagger when entering a club?
I want to become a ladies man when I go to clubs slash parties.
Any tips from swagless form spring?
I'm just going to put some 50 cent over this question while you guys answer it.
That would be awesome.
I have a seven tiered plan for you to help you get your swagger in a club or party.
Shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots.
Well, I mean, physical inebriation will certainly grant you swagger.
Yeah, why do you think people have been doing it?
This is why people pre-drink.
This is why people go to like have a drink before they go to the club so they can get
that swagger going.
Pre-gaming is important.
I would say maybe don't do shots.
You got to slow build up to it with a, you know, maybe a Casey Keystone with your boys.
Shots should be reserved for when you're drunk enough to not
remember how shots will make you feel the next day.
Right.
You can't you can't go from zero to shots, regardless of what LMFAO and Lil Jon tell you.
You really get the impression from that song that they walk into the club
and just start pounding shots, which isn't a healthy art.
No, because you'll be at that fucking club for 25 minutes and then you'll be
untenable.
You'll be asleep or you'll be kicked out of that club.
Why is Lil Jon asleep?
Lil Jon, you just got here.
He's had a long day.
Hey, shot, shot, shot, it's seven thirty.
What are you doing?
This is a chill.
Drinking is good.
There are other things you can do, though, to gain swagger.
Okay.
Aside from aside from, like, like a mental swagger, you know, where, like, you know that
you maybe you get a nice haircut and you buy some new shoes.
GTL.
That will you GTL it and then you'll be able to swagger.
Um, you could also, um, I don't know if it's possible.
Can you give yourself a club foot?
See, I was going to say pimp cane and tiny shoes.
Oh, well, that would do it.
I think that would give you a club foot, right?
You want like what?
Now, what is a club foot?
A club foot is like from if memory serves a club foot.
Is it like a foot that just kind of like stops like halfway?
It's like a like a nubbin.
It's like a peg leg.
A peg leg.
It's not a peg leg because there is something there.
Um, but you don't have a whole lot of control over it.
But I think that would be like the ultimate swagger.
So like a foot you would wear to a club?
It's that's precisely the point.
I just Google image search club foot and just got a bunch of pictures of Dylan McDermott.
So I don't know.
I don't know what the deal is with that.
Uh, I, uh, yeah, I think club foot would be great.
A peg leg as Travis suggested would also be great.
Um, the drinking is good.
It's a mental game.
Basically is what you're playing.
And you need to do whatever you need to do to get your sexy right.
Get your sexy right.
Get your money right.
Everything else will just fall right into place.
If you get your money right and then you get your sexy right.
Get it.
Like I said, haircut.
Get yourself.
Get your hair right.
Get your shirt right.
Get your watch right.
And your shoes right.
Maybe a little makeup.
Maybe a little man makeup.
By, and by makeup, he means makeup.
Like seriously.
Get your makeup right.
Get some blush right.
Some eyeliner right.
Yeah.
Get all those things.
And, uh, and by get your watch right.
He means don't wear a watch cause it's 2010 and you've got a cell phone.
You are just getting yourself right.
I like Travis's idea of getting your soul right too.
Yeah.
Whoa.
You gotta get clean.
Just find out what's going on in there.
Yeah, you think he's got like a swagger road bump that's keeping him from swagger.
I'm saying he's got a metaphysical meteorological road bump that he needs to get right before
he can get that swagger.
Is, is road bump a real thing or is that a word we just invented?
I'm pretty sure.
I'm pretty sure three of the words I used in my last sentence were made up words.
Uh, what is keeping you from swagger?
What is keeping you from getting your sexy right?
I think this is a job for a licensed therapist.
Yeah, Travis has makes a great point.
We don't want to be in up in a protracted legal battle.
Um, go to a therapist, say, Hey, I need your help.
Get your therapy figured out.
Yeah.
Get your therapist to help you.
We can't help.
This is too much for us.
We can't tell you about your swagger.
And without we, they would need videos.
We would need, we would need a lengthy interview, um, to figure out at a sleep study.
I have swagger in my sleep now, like involuntary swag.
It makes it, it makes you very hard to sleep in a bed with.
Yeah.
I'll wake up, I'll wake up sometimes and my wife will be kissing me and I'll be like,
what are you doing?
She said, your hair just looks so baller while you're sleeping.
I think you got your sexy right.
Your swagger down.
Like, yeah, sometimes I wake up with an empty bottle of Jägermeister next to me,
but that has nothing to do with anything.
That has that's neither here nor there.
That's really, those two are more connected than you think.
Hey, can we introduce a phrase into the consciousness of America right now?
If whenever you see an unattractive person, instead of like commenting at all on their
unattractiveness, can we just say that they have their sexy wrong?
Yeah, I think so.
So their sexy is, is, is wrong.
You're, you're, you're sexy.
You're, you're sexy.
It's incorrect.
It's incorrect.
You've done it wrong.
It's fallacious.
Take another shot at your sexy.
All my friends and everyone in my class are so immature.
Anytime my teacher says the word ball or anything sounds like penis, they laugh.
Should I suck it up and pretend?
Sorry, tell them to shut up.
Benjamin from Gmail, um, Benji, you're young.
If you can't laugh about balls and words that sound like penis, what words are those?
By the way, I, uh, maybe if you say the word jeans, weird.
Pencil.
Pencil.
Maybe peen.
Yeah, maybe.
Pinnacle.
Pinnacle.
Definitely.
But if you're, if you're, you're 12 years old and you're talking about Pinnacle, you have much,
much bigger problems to worry about.
Panics.
Mincies.
I think that this is the time in your life when you've got to give yourself permission to laugh
at balls and words that sound like penis.
I know that I actually found that kind of stuff funnier as I got older and just let,
let myself go and let myself enjoy it.
If memory serves, uh, we spent about five minutes on this show earlier laughing about cat balls
and penises, so.
I do not recall that.
I'm going to have to go back and listen.
I'm going to have to look at the transcript.
Let's consult a stenographer and we'll, uh.
Yeah.
Doris.
I will have to.
Doris, did we talk about cat balls?
Run it back.
I, uh.
We did.
We did for a long time.
I mean, we don't know how old Benjamin is.
Benjamin might be, he might be 35.
This may be like an adult learning program.
And if that's the case, this is entirely unacceptable.
If, if, if this is an adult learning program and people are laughing about balls and penises,
I have bad news for you.
You are in a Bill Murray movie and you need to get out.
You need to extricate yourself from that.
Unless it's Groundhog Day.
Here's some real advice.
Here's what you need to do.
You need to parlay this with the ladies.
So then all the dudes laugh at balls and penises.
You look at the ladies and go, how immature.
Am I right, ladies?
I laugh at Proust.
Who can laugh at anything with this cholera situation in Haiti?
Um, no, don't be that guy.
No, be that guy.
Don't be that guy.
Don't be specifically that guy, but you can be the guy who doesn't get on their reindeer games
and you will seem like the smartest kid in the room.
Mm hmm.
And that ain't, that ain't worth nothing.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Talk about a joke you heard on NPR.
Will Shortz had the funniest puzzle last week.
Did you hear the latest Prairie Home Companion?
Guy Noir's up to his old tricks.
This Yahoo Answer question that I'm reading apropos of nothing,
it was sent in by Jonathan Bartram, close friend of the show.
Um, which, by the way, to earn that designation, you actually have to be a close friend of the show.
We don't just throw that around.
Uh, but it's from Yahoo Answer user Keith Urban F, who is also a close fan of this show,
who asks,
Wait, Keith Urban himself?
The country music?
It's Keith Urban F.
You're thinking of Keith Urban A.
Well, we've perfected the Keith Urban series.
It took us seven iterations, but may I introduce you to Keith Urban F?
Keith Urban F.
She thinks my track is sexy.
You silly bitch.
So crisp.
No.
Um, Keith Ur-
That's not Keith Urban.
That's Denny McClusky.
Get your country music facts straight.
You broke my heart.
Keith Urban F needs to know
Where can I find oil?
Country oil.
I would need Budweiser oil.
See, now this riffing is going to be funnier than the question is.
No, say it.
Keith Urban F wants to know, does sausage have seeds?
Of course it does.
I told my friends-
Where do you think more sausage comes from?
I told my friends at school today that I thought sausage had seeds in it, and they all thought I
was crazy, but I've always thought that sausage has seeds in it, does it?
Well, if sausage doesn't have seeds, what kind of treat did I fall out of when I was eight and
break my arm?
Exactly.
I like-
Think about it.
Sausage tree sounds like something it's- it's not.
Sausage tree is actually a new club for discerning gentlemen that I'm opening up
in 2011.
Very-
Get there.
A very private club.
Select sausage tree.
Gentlemen can come and be gentlemen.
And be gentlemen together as gentlemen.
On each other.
Yes.
Your membership cards from shamanigans will be accepted.
At-
So just come on right in.
That- it's anise, right?
There are pellets in sausage.
They're pellets.
Right.
It's gristle.
No, it's not gristle.
It's like-
Grisham.
Like flavor- it's- it's Lawrence Fishburne.
It's like seasonings, right?
Like pepper and stuff.
Coriander.
Like peppercorn.
Paprika.
Coriander.
Paprika.
Um, but I totally support the idea of planting things
just to see if a tree will grow out of them.
So-
So just go sausage crazy.
Maybe tuck a few microwavable pizzas down in the loam
and see if- if a pizza tree springs up.
You- you don't know until you try.
Guys, if I- if I plant a bagel bite and it grows a bagel bite tree,
I'm quitting my job, I'm divorcing my wife,
and- because I will have everything that I will ever need.
If you get that bagel bite tree and a shemale kitten,
you are fucking set for at least 15 years
or however long the cat stays alive.
As long as people keep bringing me Mountain Dew code red,
I will- I will live and thrive.
What you have to do is you have to cut a Mountain Dew in half
and then suspend it in a jar of water
and it sprouts off new Mountain Dews
and then you can cash in on that.
Oh, like a little baby Mountain Dew arboreum.
Um, exactly.
I thought- I thought we weren't gonna turn this into a gardening podcast
and give away all our secrets.
You guys promised me when we- when we started.
If you want- if you want gardening tips,
turn into our other podcast, My Garden, My Garden and Me.
How do you-
It's actually- it's actually a show-
It's actually a show about gardens that I do with InaGarden,
the barefoot contestant.
It's not- it's not very popular.
How many episodes?
It's actually-
How many episodes?
It's actively just like a half.
We finished one and she had to go make some scones for Jeff.
My friend recently sent me a picture of his new tattoos
and I do not like them at all.
We are very good friends and he respects my opinion.
I don't want to lie,
but I also would rather not tell him the truth.
Okay, how should I respond?
What a conundrum.
Yeah, you've really drawn yourself into a logical corner here.
Well, first of all, we need to address the fact-
this question was sent in by our website,
our fresh new website, which if you haven't been to it,
it's mabimbam.com.
Go to it.
More on that later.
But there's a- there's an input there
where you can put in your own questions
and make sure you put your name on it
because this guy didn't put a name on it,
so how is he going to know that this wisdom is for him?
Just a cautionary tale.
We know that- we know that he's not a friend
of one very special gentleman
who I think you- you guys all know who I'm referring to.
I believe his Twitter username is LNM.
Mm-hmm.
LMM.
Forgive him.
Elnum.
That's a-
Elnumar.
El-
Elm.
Elm.
Pinnacle.
Elmum?
Elmumum?
Aluminum.
Al-u-min-ium.
This gentleman who we will refer to by his-
because this is a Christian podcast,
we'll refer to him by his Christian name.
That's Eric Smith from Rochester, New York.
He's a reviews editor at E-bomb Nation,
and he made the ultimate-
Sacrifice, I would say.
I don't want to call it a sacrifice.
I would call it very much a skin sacrifice.
It's like he's in a Saw movie,
and in order to get out of some trap,
he had to get this thing on his skin,
which he can't use for anything else.
I think it's more of a skin contract.
Yeah, it's a skin contract,
so you have to do this show forever.
Thanks, Eric.
Thanks, Eric.
We're getting ready to wrap up season one
and take a three-month hiatus.
He got an awesome MB&B AM tattoo
with our new little pack your bags guy,
and you can get his tattoo on a t-shirt
coming up soon.
You can rip the skin off of his forearm,
put it on a t-shirt, and you can just wear it.
That's the kind of service that we provide here at MyBimBam.
Yeah, you've earned that right.
To rip his arm off.
Now, to our question, you have to lie.
You have to.
This isn't up for debate.
You have to lie.
Maybe we should have connected these two points
of this guy hating his friend's tattoo
and Eric getting a totally sweet tattoo.
We're not lying, Eric.
We totally love your sweet tattoo,
but this guy, it sounds like he's talking
about something completely different.
Your sweet tattoo and your sweet cat tits.
We love them both.
Here's the thing.
It's one of the things that I love about this show
is the thing, it's one of two problems.
Either it is the quality of the tattoo is not good
or the tattoo itself is bad.
Now, if it's the quality of the tattoo,
he can get that redone.
He can go and get something over it,
anything like that.
But if it's just that the tattoo is stupid,
like he got like Simpsons Forever.
Maybe he got Brett Michael's face on his face.
There's no second draft for that.
That's it.
That's what you're wearing forever.
Wait a minute, why are we ignoring the third
pretty obvious option?
You have to stop being his friend.
Oh, yeah.
You don't want to be hanging out
with a guy who has Brett Michael's face on his face.
The only solution is to not be his friend anymore.
Side note, unless it is actually Brett Michael's,
then it's awesome.
If it's Brett Michael's getting a tattoo
of his face on his face,
you've got like the most meta friend ever.
What if it's a guy named Brett Michael's
but not that Brett Michael's
who got tired of all the jokes
and had real Brett Michael's face tattooed on his face?
Is that a cool friend?
Is that somebody you want to spend time with?
I don't know.
I mean, I wouldn't say cool.
I wouldn't say cool in the traditional sense of the word.
I would say fucking insane.
And you should still surround yourself
with a person like that.
And by surround yourself with a person like that,
I mean get all of Brett Michael's,
not Brett Michael's body tattooed on your body.
You've got to up the ante.
You've got to get a worse tattoo than your friend.
So they're the ones that's uncomfortable, not you.
Get a tattoo that says,
my friend's tattoo is stupid.
And they'll be like,
you're there now.
You can't get mad at me.
I feel like-
It's on my body forever.
Maybe we need to come up with some sort of
mabim bam identikit.
Where like a tattoo,
like a standard issue tattoo that fans can get.
And it wouldn't be quite as large as Eric's.
Because I don't know that any fan is as diehard as Eric.
So I don't think that any other fan would be willing
to dedicate so much of their body space to that.
So I'm saying like maybe like a tiny-
Like Griffin face.
No, no, not even that.
Although if you want to get my face on you, go crazy.
I'm saying like a tiny little,
maybe just like the size of like a pea.
Like a maybe like a little one that you get
in like the webbing between your right thumb and forefinger.
Just so that like a secret handshake people know.
You're building a new society here.
I'm trying to and you guys aren't-
This is kind of creeping me out actually.
You took a weird turn where suddenly you want to have a,
you want to like Illuminati style controlling the world.
That's exactly what,
but it wouldn't be Illuminati in the sense that we would like
plot to assassinate the Pope.
Or even have regular meetings really.
If by episode 300 we have to come up with some sort
of conspiracy to assassinate some sort
of leading political figure or religious figure.
I don't know.
That would actually be-
I hope that our show-
All right.
It's time to let you guys in on something.
Go back through our archive.
Every third word, write them down.
Then rearrange them.
You'll get it.
Yeah, ask Tom Hanks.
He'll help you.
Mr. Hanks, do you have the codex?
I need the codex to decode the show's the Illuminati plan.
This is taking kind of a weird turn.
Griffin, do you have a Yahoo question that will like dig us out of this odd-
Yeah, I'm gonna read a Yahoo-
Pope assassination path we seem to be wandering down.
I'll read a Yahoo answer question.
And not wandering so much as sprinting towards the assassination of a public figure.
Yeah, I'm saying we're not there yet.
I'm saying in like 270 episodes-
We haven't earned that street cred to order the death of someone.
That's fucking-
That's like six years down the road.
Like, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
I'm just saying I want to be part of a community.
And by be part of, I mean lead.
And by community, you mean angry cult.
Pope killing mob.
Okay, okay.
Max Jackman sent this one in.
Can we just take a moment to soak that in?
Thanks, Max Jackman.
Yahoo Answers user sideways smiley face asks, is the human centipede real?
That was the sound of Justin taking off his headphones and walking away.
Is the human?
We're done, guys.
Like, our-
You don't mean to show.
You mean fucking humanity.
People, America.
I don't-
I'm not gonna answer this question.
I need to talk about the fact that as a society, we're done.
Dog, there are people wandering around on this earth that were like,
they were sitting in their den, not reading,
and they suddenly realized like,
this question is gnawing me too much.
I've got to go ask the internet if the human centipede is real.
Have you guys seen that new documentary, The Human Centipede?
Have you seen that docudrama, The Human Centipede,
where a mad scientist sews a person's mouth to another person's butt hole?
Twice.
Twice.
Have you seen that movie?
Because it's a true story.
It was a hard-hitting introspective.
It was on Nat Geo the other day, so it must be real.
I was watching Planet Earth,
and they were doing a special about the human centipede.
You'll know if the human centipede's ever real,
because you'll see me about six feet away jerking it so right.
You have got to get your human centipede right.
You want swagger?
There's one way to have swagger,
is to walk on all fours with two human beings suspended by your mouth and butthole.
If you walk into a club with anything less than six legs, your sexy is not right.
You've got to get your leg count right.
It's so important to have your human centipede fresh.
And then ask the DJ to turn on Jitterbug.
People will never see that coming.
I have a regimen I call GTL-NCS,
and it's a gym-tan laundry new centipede segment where I cut off my back corners,
and I find a new person to sew to my butthole.
Right.
Well, I refer to that as pruning.
Rinse and repeat.
You've just got to get a new person to sew to your butthole
every night before you go to the club.
That's what Craigslist is for.
We laugh and joke, but I'm really sad.
Yeah, this culture is, I'm really worried about people.
Like these, we make light of these people, and this isn't a crazy person.
This person is just like way stupid, like way, way stupid.
That's why we do this show, because if we had to deal with this shit,
if I had to deal with this shit by myself, like knowing that these people existed,
and I just had to eat that knowledge and digest it myself, I would be driven crazy.
Here's a scary proposal.
One is that someone saw that movie and thought, oh, this is probably real.
But scarier than that is that someone else said to this person,
you know, that's real, and they couldn't determine on their own whether that was true or not.
What we need, what I've just realized that's very important,
is that we need listeners to, after they've listened to a show,
track down these questions on Yahoo and then post a show link in there.
So people, like, because I need the truth to get to them.
What answers did people have for that Griffin?
What answers did people have about is the human centipede real?
Uh, I closed the window because it was bumming me out.
Hold on.
I can see how that could be a little depressing to have to stare at that kind of-
Quentin Jeremiah replies, yes, I seen it in the park, and it's real.
The film's based on that.
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
Wait, wait, wait, he saw a centipede in the park and he got confused?
Or he saw a human centipede like-
He may have seen a human holding a centipede and it freaked him out.
Maybe he saw a human holding a baby and he got confused.
Maybe it was one of those Chinese dragons.
I always get those confused.
You take off the top and it's just butthole mouth, butthole mouth.
Awful. Miss replies, it would be cool if it did.
Uh, no, it fucking wouldn't.
Would it?
Would it be cool?
Hey, that's cool how you have your mouth sewn to another human's butthole.
That's a pretty cool thing you got going on.
Awesome.
I'm glad that's happening.
You know, you've really got your centipede right.
You can tell you've really got all your legs.
Your leg count is right where it needs to be.
So nice.
Nothing like showing up to your high school reunion with your mouth
sewed to someone's butthole to really show them how you've got your shit together.
Yeah, I've only been in a human centipede for like three years,
but I'm hoping to be the front segment in like four or five.
But it's really going to get my-
Gotta get my sex you right, gotta-
It's all about the politics, man.
Politics, man.
If you want to be the front segment in a centipede, you gotta-
You gotta eat some dookies from a man's butthole.
A lot of these dookies that come up out of college with their
master's degrees in buttholes and they think that they're just gonna be the front segment.
It's like, hey, get in line.
I mean, literally get in line behind me and sew your mouth to my butthole
and we'll see what we can work out for you in a few years.
But not right now, okay?
Because right now he's got a second segment and it's me.
I'm waiting for Daryl to die and then I'll be the front segment
and I'll have a bunch of kids behind me eat my butthole.
As we all know, if you're not the front segment, the view never changes.
It's so true.
You're just looking at the top of a person's butt your whole life.
Second place is first loser and also you eat a whole bunch of poop.
Yeah.
That's how that phrase goes.
I've never seen a human centipede.
Does that front segment person, are they just like-
They got a sweet deal.
Wow.
That's convenience.
They just mostly-
How pleasant.
They just kick it mostly.
Yeah.
They just like kick it.
Well, they don't kick because that could be dangerous,
but they don't want to dislodge the person
because they got a pretty good deal.
Right.
Right?
I'm totally yucked out.
This is like the second week in a row where when we end the show it's like-
I have a serious question for you.
If you're in the human centipede and you got to get out of it,
would you rather cut off a person's mouth
and have a mouth stuck to your butthole forever
or cut off a little sliver of your butthole-
Of your own butthole.
And then make them have a butthole mouth forever?
I think I'd rather just kill myself.
You would rather kill yourself?
Yeah.
That's the coward's way out.
That's why you'll never be front segment pussy.
I still say that I would wrap myself in a chrysalis
and become a human butterfly.
Now I know that's caterpillars, but-
Oh god.
What? Mommy, what's up with that giant butterfly?
It's beautiful and crying.
Its thorax has three torsos.
Why is that giant butterfly's middle segment wearing fubu gear, Mommy?
I don't understand.
I mean you would still be pooping into mouths,
but you would have the great big beautiful wingspan of a monarch.
And I think that that would more than make up for it.
That's what happened to Lindsay Lohan.
We have to end the show.
I thought we already-
Did we not end 10 minutes ago?
I thought the show basically ended when everybody turned it off,
which is a few minutes ago.
So, housekeeping before we hear Griffin's last question.
NBNBAM.com is brand new.
It is so full of games, activities for kids, forums.
You like Penguin Town?
We got Penguin Town.
It's like the Penguin Town of websites.
There is a instant advice eight ball.
Don't stop clicking until you get the special musical answer.
You'll know when you get it.
We'll have new pre-orders for new gear going up in the NBNBAM clothing wear store.
Can we talk about some of that gear?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, talk about the gear.
I feel pretty comfortable about it.
We're gonna have a new shirt.
It's gonna be a deep heather chocolate brown,
just a really smooth mellow brown of the new Justin Russo joint,
the Pack Your Bags logo,
which I'm pretty sure is gonna be on the Facebook page.
Pretty sure it's gonna be on the Facebook group.
Also, we're gonna have the logo shirt reprinted,
but it's gonna be a cardinal red color this time around.
So maybe you already have one,
but maybe you want a red shirt maybe to go along with all.
So any outfit you wear,
you can either wear a red or blue shirt with it.
I remember reading that in Vogue.
And we're also gonna do a mug, I believe, a coffee mug.
Yes.
Which is a great way to spread the word about the show
if you just leave it laying around the office.
Also a great way to drink hot beverages.
Also hot beverages, but I'm not thinking about your pleasure.
I'm thinking about mine.
And lady shirts.
Lady shirts.
There's gonna be a dark purple lady cut of the t-shirt.
Also, we've got forums now.
That Facebook group is the old, old mess.
I'm not going there anymore.
If you want to get down to that fresh stuff, everybody.
See, now everybody's on Facebook
and everybody can participate in the forums.
I think that both worlds can survive.
It's just, I think that, I don't think it's too much to ask
that people give their time to both outlets, you know?
Because that Facebook group,
it's a good way for people to meet people
and just like, just sync up on Facebook
and just match up and just hook up.
And look for Craigums, our boy Craig is over there
in the forums.
We've titled him the cruise director.
So he's there just to make sure you're having fun.
If you're not, if you're not there enjoying yourself,
then let Craig know and he will, he will take care of it.
We got a fun thread right now full of people's costume pictures
that they, they, it is fun.
You guys should get up in there.
I'm already, I'm already down.
I got to put my Adama pictures in there,
but that's, that's blowing my mind.
That's, that's blowing up.
That thread's doing well.
And, and it's just really fun site.
And if you want to talk about the show,
there's lots of people there who are talking,
talking about stuff and it's, it's a fun community of people.
And the pre-orders for the new stuff will be up this week.
Just look on the website.
We'll have threads in the forum and on Facebook and everything.
As always, if you want to send in a question,
there's a form on the website, right on the front page.
Just make sure you put in your name.
That's probably the fastest, newest, hottest way to do it.
But there's always email,
which you can reach us at mbmbam at gmail.com.
You can call us, leave a message on our voicemail at 203-mbmbam1
or you can tweet at us.
They'll be probably, I don't know.
It's hard to get answers from Twitter.
You know, it's hard to get questions
because it, those, those don't last forever.
Email, that's forever.
Yeah, email's permanent.
Oh, and if there's something you'd like the website to do
that it's not doing right now, anything, just let us know.
We can, we got a guy now.
Got our guy, Michael DeMauro.
And he will, he will set it up.
He also runs thriftynerd.com.
He made the site.
Killer website at thriftynerd.com.
Yeah, and, and he made our new website
and he did a really, a really great job with it.
Thank you, Michael.
Thank you, Michael.
We love you very much.
Thank you, Mike.
Thank you, Mike.
I, so we want to hear, we want to hear the new,
the new question here from, what do you-
Well, first off-
Hold on, hold on one second.
AppSperience owners, you have a special treat waiting for you.
Oh yeah, special, special.
It's really rad.
It's a bonus.
You can get it through the episode bonuses
if you're listening to this on the AppSperience.
Yeah, I'll just say it's a wrap,
perhaps from a personality we invented last week.
Yeah.
And it was, it's a wrap created by Liana Winternitz.
Thank you, Liana.
That's all you guys get though.
You gotta, you gotta-
That's all you, you gotta go get the AppSperience, check it out.
So that's it, right?
Yeah, I think that's it.
Out of the junk?
I've just, I've been sitting here for 10 minutes.
There are two fucking great questions, and it's like Sophie's Choice.
It's worse than Sophie's Choice.
Because the stakes are real.
The stakes are real high this time.
All right, this question was sent in by Jacob Locker.
It's a Yahoo Answers user, Billy Reynolds, who asks,
why do Chinese people eat food?
I'm Griffin McElroy, and this has been My Brother, My Brother.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
You will never know me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
