The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, welcome to My Brother, my brother and mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy, and this one's going right over the plate,
right in it, right over the middle of the plate. Oh, like it's a perfect strike?
This one's going to be a perfect strike. Well, no, because even that sounds like it
takes a lot of effort. This one's going to be by the books, huh?
Oh, okay. Second base.
This one's going to get you to second base. This is a ground rule double. I don't know
what that means. A lot of people are like,
four, nine, nine. There must be ramping up and it's like, nah, we're not evil Knievel.
You know what I mean? We don't need an approach game. This one's going to be right over the plate
and then the next one's going to be fucking wild.
We're walking this bat. This is the batter where-
This batter is going to walk.
We're going to walk this one because we know the next one's an easy out, but this one,
oh, this is the big slugger who scares us because earlier in the season,
he got that grand slam off of us to lose the big game and now we're a little nervous around him,
so we might walk him. But what's that? Oh, Travis is coming in here and he's not ready to walk him.
He's got blood in his eyes. He might kill this batter.
I guarantee you will finish this episode of the podcast and say out loud, fine.
Yeah.
They recorded audio into microphones for an hour.
Anybody can do that. I don't want it to say it's going to be bad.
Okay.
It's going to be fine.
It's going to be an episode.
Juice, it might be great, but I'll tell you this much.
It's going to be a lot like the other episodes.
Yeah.
This one's going to get-
This is the big unit that Travis's analogy was perfect.
This episode's Mark McGuire. We're going to pass on him.
We're going to let him go on to first so he doesn't do a lot of real damage
before fucking Big Papi gets up here on 500 and slams one.
This is the thing is like, no matter how well we did on this,
this might end up being our greatest episode yet,
but I think it would be rare to find somebody who would look at 500 episodes,
like the 500th episode even, and say,
oh yeah, but the most special one was 499.
No, that's not-
I just think that-
That's weird.
Here's what I'd say.
Here's what I'd say, okay?
Okay, yeah.
498 perfect episodes, okay?
Yeah.
Certainly, certainly, dear listeners, I think you would agree, we've earned one.
Right.
For us.
I can't believe-
Not bad. Just for us.
It's just- Go listen to episode 361.
This one's going to be like that.
I just assume it's not a live show or whatever the fuck.
This one's going to be like episode 127, right?
It's just going to be a fucking episode.
Close your eyes and picture your platonic ideal of a my brother,
my brother and me episode.
This is going to be it.
This is the Venn diagram of normal episodes, and this one is going to be one circle.
We're going to do yahoos, we're going to have fun.
But like, don't expect us to set some shit up.
No.
This is not the Rosetta Stone you need to understand episode 500.
This one's Mark McGuire MLB former home run record holder.
But now Griffin you ran-
Don't lower your expectations either.
No.
No, it's going to be fine.
It could be good.
Griffin, you randomly pulled the 361, and I think that this episode,
I would like to do this a few times.
I'm going to just click out a random number generator and return to some great episodes.
I don't want to play clips from them.
Yeah.
I just like this.
So in 361, see if any of this.
Okay.
Hashtag Mambo number five.
Nope.
Nipple shrapnel.
No.
A frequency situation.
No.
Fondue rules.
Fondue rules.
That rings something of a bell.
Navy Beans, Frials, and Nasier.
It sounds like one of the-
Oh wait.
Okay.
Frials and Nasier.
That sounds like one we talked about Frasier in that one.
Yeah.
That's got to be, yeah.
Hey, but we don't normally reminisce on this show.
This one's got to be by the books, Jews.
So.
Well, no, I want it to be by the books.
Yeah.
We've never made a call back before, Griffin.
Never successfully.
No, no, no.
We're not, see a call back implies that we're just recycling bits.
Uh-huh.
I want to just return to the randomly selected episode 141,
Dan the man with the flan plan.
Oh no, I know that one.
Fun to say.
February 2013, so young, favorite Oscars.
Squatting.
Okay.
Eye butt.
That sounds like a fruitful period.
Big city living.
Okay.
Dansexual.
Now that one I remember.
How rich, what a rich tapestry we were weaving.
What a rich time that was.
Did you say, did you say eye butt?
Was that lowercase I, big B butt, like it was from Apple?
Lord almighty, that's good.
An eye butt is one, is one that was in here.
That's a very powerful, that's a powerful turn of phrase.
What might be a fun game is what is the most recent episode
that I can't remember a fucking lick of a thing about?
Cause I bet it's pretty, I bet it's shockingly recent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
466, just pulled that out of my butt.
That would have been 23 episodes ago, right?
We'll think of a journey back to 466, Griffin.
That was the food train.
Okay, I remember food train.
Okay.
Okay.
We're good, we're good.
So 466.
Food train was smart actually.
Food train was a smart, good idea.
But let's go to 439.
439, I bet you know it's a completely different
three boys hosted that show.
Okay, 439.
Yeah.
Well that was, that was candle lights 2018.
So you definitely do remember that.
The memories are there, the memories.
So then you probably stand with your arm like,
oh, but this year's number blah, blah, blah.
Which is an excuse for us not to do our usual jokes.
437 to take it back to before that.
A silent chug.
Huh.
That's business paintball, wishbone brutality,
big candies.
Oh.
The fast food arms race, serious Zapdos,
and horny radio Disney.
Horny radio Disney, I remember.
Okay, I got, I got, I got, I locked that in.
Is this fun for anybody other than us?
Probably not.
It's barely fun for me.
Yeah.
I work for a food delivery service.
Congratulations.
We can all agree this is a classic start.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
This is right down the hump.
And I tried to follow it up to you by doing the thing
where I pretend like,
even though I know Justin's reading the question,
like it's that Justin is saying that thing about himself.
Yeah.
Classic, that's classic.
Classic, classic.
I'm gonna miss these bits in the new era.
Yeah, right?
Of five, in the light of 500 when things change so dramatically
that it's scarcely recognizable as a podcast.
That's when I'm gonna stop phoning it in.
500 is our goop.
This is what I'm saying.
What, really?
Listen, I wanna get back to this question for sure,
for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Although I bet that when I started with,
I work for a food delivery service,
there were probably at least 75 people listening.
They're like, yes, they did mine.
All right, here we go.
I thought you were gonna say 75% and I was going to agree.
That number might also be accurate.
I would, yeah, anyway, 500 is our goop.
And what I'm saying is we're gonna transition
from pure comedy to more lifestyle brand.
I like that.
That's where the money is, is a lifestyle brand.
Yep.
And then we can, I've got my new bit called Exfoliation Station.
Yes, yeah.
Everybody's been clamoring for me to have my own segment.
So I'm gonna be talking about all kinds of crystalline rubs.
I'm gonna be talking about peels.
I'm going to be talking about acids.
Abrasive, acidic, but your skin is either gonna look
but your skin is either gonna look great or-
Be gone.
Be completely now your bones.
And even that, maybe we can talk about that.
Yeah, how to beautify your bones.
Everyone's focused on such surface level stuff.
I'm talking about like what's inside that counts,
which is how pretty are your bones?
Make those fucking sinews pop.
Let's talk about the deep tissue.
That in skin, but dazzling.
I'm gonna do a new segment called What Not to Wear
and it's W-H-E-R-E.
And it's all about which vacation spots are out this season.
Loving that.
Thank you.
I'm gonna do a segment called Toxic People in the Trash
for me now and it's about relationships.
Oh man.
Are you in some way implying that that's Groven and I?
No, no, no.
Not in any way.
You guys are bringing some incredible stuff.
Exfoliation, the vacation stuff.
I love it.
What not to wear, please.
Sometimes when I pick up food from a restaurant,
I ask for a drink.
Okay, wait.
Let's run it back to the beginning of the question.
I work for it.
Okay, but that is actually applicable to me.
Sometimes when I pick up food from a restaurant,
I ask for a drink.
About half the time, they just give me a drink.
But sometimes they ask for payment
and then I'm forced to pay for the drink
because I'm not gonna tell them I don't want it now.
That's true.
They already fucking got you right where they want you.
Thirsty.
Brothers, how can I get a free drink from these restaurants
or decline the drink after the fact?
And that's from no such thing as a free drink.
You can't.
This is so fucking wild.
This is such a wild like fast food hacks
keep an empty cup from every fast food restaurant in your car
so you go in for free refills level of you asking us
how to fucking cheat the Burger King.
How to personally cheat and bamboozle the Burger Man.
Okay, counterpoint though.
I get it.
Cause like you are thinking like,
oh, long day, huh?
We're both in the food service industry.
Woo.
Yeah.
Just picking up another order for those bags of bones
who can't come in and get it.
Am I right?
Anyways, I'd love a Mr. Pibbs.
But if that's the sort of spectrum we're going off of,
when I worked at TCBY,
I never walked into the Baskin Robbins down the street
and said like, oof, ice cream days.
Tell me about it.
These hot times.
Oh, when the hot times are here,
ice cream days get rough, right fam?
Anyways, Sprite for free please.
But what have you had and it worked?
That's what I'm saying is this question asker,
there's already some proven proof in the pudding here
that they have received free drink.
They're not asking, can I go do this?
Half the time this works, right?
So here's what I would do.
Here's what I would do.
When the person, when you're like,
oh, can I grab a drink while I'm here?
And they're like, yeah, for money.
You say, oh, no moneys.
And pull your pockets out and they're empty.
And if you can, have a moth in there.
Moth in there, that's good.
That will sell them like, oh, no moneys.
And then you might still get the free drink,
but at the very least it's like,
I delivered for let's say a sandwich chain
known for their rapid deliveries.
And a lot of the times people would tip me cash
and I was so thankful because I needed that money
to put gasoline into my car to get back to the sandwich chain
that I worked at.
And so it's not that far off if someone was like,
it's gonna be 2.99 for this large soda or whatever.
And I was like, no moneys.
I'm probably not lying at that point in my life.
And you did have that trained moth
that you used for this exact scenario.
Well, the moth would wet its beak too.
You know what I mean?
It would get a little Mr. Pippen there as well.
Here's what I would try.
Hey, I'm really, hey, I hate to bother you.
Thanks for the food.
I'm really, really thirsty.
Do you mind if I get a drink?
And they're like, that'll be a dollar.
And you look at them dead in the eye and say,
I just meant from the sink in the bathroom.
I was just gonna get one.
I was gonna make my hands into a cup
and then drink from the sink in your bathroom.
I was just gonna lap up that muddy, dirty puddle outside.
Sorry.
Wow, I didn't know.
I just meant the puddle water and then they'll feel so bad
that they'll maybe just comp you.
Okay, just don't do that on my way.
Have a cold, refreshing nickels worth of syrup and cardboard
and enjoy this soda.
Ooh, what about this undercutting?
Okay, that'll be a buck 50.
You're like, okay, how about this?
How about I give you a dollar
and we both shut the fuck up about it?
That's like a discount.
Okay, you're right.
Right, that's even worse now that I'm saying it out loud maybe.
Yeah, higher chance of getting fired.
That's kind of Sprite embezzlement
if you think about it.
You could just turn around and resell it to another customer.
Be like, oh shit, really?
Okay, hold on, wait.
Anybody want a Sprite?
Normal price.
I did taste it.
So you know it's good.
Why did I just say like,
oh, I was hoping for an employee discount
and they're like, what?
I'm like, I deliver food for you.
I'm an employee.
And then if they're like, no, you're not.
I was like, okay.
And then you take the food and you deliver it somewhere else
and you never talk to that person again.
Yeah, sorry, I got confused.
I thought I worked here
because I'm here picking up food that I'm not going to eat
and I'm taking it to someone else who is going to eat it
and they pay me.
I am here more often than you are.
Do you know who I am?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
They say, you have to pay for your drink.
Just take the bag of food and up into the floor.
I quit.
Take this job and shove your job.
Please don't call my boss, which I think is you.
Or the app.
Can you call an app?
It would be, if they say, try to charge you,
just pull a sandwich bag out of your pocket
and say, I don't actually need a cup.
I don't know if you have a cheaper rate
if you just fill up this soda bag for me
and then I'll be on my way.
Put a soda bag.
Just fill up this soda bag.
I have a Yahoo here.
This one was sent in by Daisy.
Thank you, Daisy.
It's a Yahoo Answers user, Anthony J.
Who asks, you know such flavors?
Huh?
You know such flavors as chocolate cake
and marble vanilla, strawberry, lemon and such.
Right?
Yeah.
Like cake flavors.
Cake flavor.
I know such flavors.
Okay.
Would anybody be interested in a grape flavored cake?
And I, boys, the last thing I want to do
is relitigate hot grapes, right?
That is the last sort of predicament I want to get into.
Griffin, can I say something?
Yeah.
Didn't cross my mind till you said it.
Okay.
Well, maybe my bit recall is actually better
than I'm giving myself credit for.
But let's talk about this.
Where's the grapes cakes?
Well, here's the thing, Ditto.
Yeah.
Is that there's two different grape flavors,
as is true with a lot of fruit flavors, I would say.
We have the grapes that one might eat off a vine
and then we have the grape flavor that one might get
and say a pouch of Big League Chew, right?
That doesn't taste like that.
They don't taste like each other.
It's purple.
It's purple.
It's a different flavor.
It's purple.
It's purple flavor.
Yeah, but if you taste that weird Big League Chew grape,
you're like, that's grape.
I know what this tastes like.
And you'll eat a grape and you'll be like,
this tastes like grapes, right?
But the twang do not meet.
There's really not a good middle ground
of both grapes, is there?
No.
And if you made a flavor that tasted like grape grapes,
it would be weird as fuck.
It would be really good though, right?
It would be good.
Grapes is good though, actually.
Travis, I'm coming back around.
I'm not saying it would be bad.
Didn't say it'd be bad.
Said it'd be weird.
But they're not making cakes of this stuff.
Yeah.
They're making cakes of virtually every other flavor, right?
I've had so many, I've had more lemon cakes
than you could shake a freaking stick at.
I don't know.
I could shake a stick at a lot of cakes.
And I've seen a lot of shows where they make,
they're making stuff like this.
Oh yeah.
They make weird shit.
I watched it.
I've seen it on the Nailed It,
on the Great British Bake Off,
on the Zumbos.
Where's my Grape British Break Off?
My Grape British Break Off.
Let me, fuck.
My Grape British Bake Off.
Where is it?
I want to take a second.
I went ahead and Googled it.
Grape cake, right?
I Googled grape cake.
And the first result is a Food Network offering
from chopped judge Alex Guarnaschelli.
Yeah.
And here's what she has called this.
It is warm grape cake.
Okay.
And Alex, that's, don't tell me the temperature
at which this cake will arrive to my guests.
Because I would say you probably have a,
at best, 10 minute window of warm, right?
Before you hurdle past out of hot into cold.
Now it just challenges us.
Why does she say, Alex knows this.
She's a foodie.
Why would she call it warm grape cake?
And I think it's because Alex,
Alex read the words grape cake
at the top of her paper guitar band
and thought, that looks fucking crazy.
I can't call it grape cake.
That's insane.
Absolutely can't do that.
It's also entirely possible that Alex included,
well, at some point in the recipe.
So at some point you're going to have to cook these grapes.
And then she was like, I got to warn people
about what they're getting into before.
This is a sin against God.
I got to give them a heads up
before they start mixing flour and what have you.
Yeah, okay.
Here's what I think it is, boys.
Here's what I think it is.
Wait, wait, hold on.
I want to say something else.
The second recipe is from Once Upon a Chef
and it is called Harvest Grape Cake.
Fuck off.
They need something in there, huh?
Just, you got to get something in there
because it's just, okay.
Martha Stewart is the third result
and hers is called a Winemaker's Grape Cake.
Just have some strength in your-
Let it stand on its own merits.
Okay, to be fair, Justin, right?
Someone walks up to you
and they're somehow balancing three trays, right?
And they say, this is a chocolate cake.
And you think, ah, I know what that is.
This is a strawberry cake.
Yes, yes, I understand.
And this is a grape cake.
It's the next result after that is from Kitchen
and it's called Fresh Grape Cake.
Just, I'm having to go to the second page of Google now
to see if there's somebody who had the power
to just stand in their fucking truth.
Okay, fine dining lovers, soft white grape cake.
So the cake is soft and white.
It's weird how not every other fucking cake recipe
has to say it's soft.
Yeah, that's not a thing.
Hey, how was the cake?
Soft, warm, harvest, winemakers.
Rock Recipes has a sunken grape almond cake.
Oh boy.
Come on, that sounds bad.
That sounds haunted.
Here's, okay, picture this, right?
The cakes I described earlier.
I hand you a strawberry cake, you cut into it.
What color is it?
Pink.
Okay, I hand you a lemon cake, you cut into it.
What color is it?
Yellow.
I hand you a grape cake, you cut into it.
Is it purple?
But grapes aren't necessarily, oh shit, Trav.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you better be prepared to stand next to your cake
for each person that comes up and they're like,
what's this?
And you have to tell them, it's a grape cake.
I know it's not purple, but it's not a purple cake.
It's not purple flavored.
It's not purple, it's great.
This is a grape cake.
Yeah, but shouldn't the bread be purple?
No, grapes don't dye things purple.
Like, cut open a grape, rub it on something.
It doesn't make it purple.
It's kind of clear on the inside, isn't it, Paul?
Yeah.
Coming over here talking smart about my grape cake.
I don't think this flavor's gonna be good in your cake.
Well, Paul Hollywood, have you ever had a fucking grape cake?
No, actually, why are we making cakes out of these little guys?
You win.
These little nature's gushers.
I love these things.
I love these guys.
I eat them all the time.
You're right.
I've never even made a cake with these guys.
And I make lots of cakes.
This is weird.
But then imagine Paul Hollywood gets on TV and they're like,
so Paul, what do you make you for us?
And he has to say, grape cake.
Paul's grape cake.
So it's just grape cake, Paul?
I mean, it's a Paul's fresh harvest cake featuring also grapes.
I bet that there was in history at least once that someone said
grape cake and they said, did you say great cake?
I hope so.
I was like, no, grape cake?
Oh, thank you.
I just bought it at the cape store.
No, I didn't say great cape.
What?
Just call it Paul's grape cake.
Just call it Paul's finest grape cake on the market today.
I work at a hardware store, specifically in the paint department.
I worked here for four years and I am a seasoned veteran.
So I know my way around the color spectrum.
I can make over 30,000 different colors.
Jesus.
Yeah, I mean, come on.
How many colors do you two think you can make?
How many can I make or how many can I name?
Wait, can I finish?
Yeah, can I finish?
Can I finish?
Right.
Who is that?
Who is that?
Is that fucking Ross Perot?
That is funny.
Fuck, that's funny.
Fuck, that's funny.
But today a customer asked me a question I've never heard before.
Which color is best?
Well, brothers, what is the best color?
And that's Trent from, okay, Cupid, Oklahoma City.
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you get, oh, you got a little confused.
It's okay say.
Yeah.
It's okay say.
Oh, I know, I know.
Yeah, your brain got scared and confused of the truth.
Blue.
Blue?
No, blue is a sad color.
Green.
Okay.
If we sit here and talk about our favorite colors.
Not our favorite best.
Okay, but I'm talking about what we're currently doing,
which is talking about our favorite colors.
It's not going to be fun or entertaining.
The bias has already, like we've been at this for 0.0 seconds
and the bias has already fucking crept in and polluted the game.
So let's take a step back and we'll take blue and green off the table for a minute
until we can talk about it like scientists and adults.
Okay, I will be a scientist then and I'll tell you.
The answer is, unfortunately, in the context with which I imagine this question is being asked,
which is like paint for either the inside or outside of a home or office or business of some sort.
The answer is like eggshell or off-white or something, right?
Yeah.
Because then it's like, hey, we're not going to make a choice with this color,
but it's not going to be white either.
Oh, we're not going with white.
This is going to have a little life to it.
Well, you are, right?
You are though, right?
What do you mean?
You're saying, I just wanted to clarify that you're saying white's the best color.
I'm not saying white, I'm saying off-white or eggshell.
So, yeah, but those are white.
So you're saying like the best Travis McElroy podcast says white is best.
I said in the context of paint for a room inside or outside.
I don't have room for that in my tweet.
Listen, I love all this stuff.
I think that's really going to help with the TMZ article and everything.
But what about pale gray?
How's that?
We're getting close.
All right, I'm going to take it in a different direction.
With red, you can scare a bull.
Yeah, but-
But a bull's charging.
Okay, Travis, let's play in the fucking space for like a minute, scientifically, okay?
Let's hypothesize in the space.
Bull is charging at you.
What color do you want your little handy towel to be?
I mean, red, but I don't think the customer's asking, what color should I paint?
I'm asking, what color should I buy to paint my handy towel, Griffin?
The color, Griffin has said the bull is scared of red.
So is the way the bull fighting works is the scene is red and the bull has to be like,
that's really fucking scary, but I'm not going to be cowed by this.
I want to show that he's the boss, even though I'm fucking terrified of this town.
No, yeah.
You know, red was the color that every bull's gym coach wore is the thing.
And so the bull's like, I will not be bullied, that's where the term comes from,
by the color red again.
Yeah, so I'm trying to think of like practicality, right?
Yes, I think, what about this?
Camouflage.
That's a few colors though, isn't it, Travis?
Well, you say that, but I see those videos on Facebook where people like dip a helmet.
They don't dick a helmet, that'd be weird.
They dip a helmet into water that has that camouflage paint sitting on top of it.
Those are, dude, and those videos are badass, like we can all agree on that,
but it's so far from being a-
The way they, that and the ones where people dig out like a pool in a house and stuff.
And they just like live there?
Whoa, I can watch that with the sound off for days.
What about the ones where they make cakes, but they're like clear jello cakes?
Oh yes, the ones where they slowly make stuff out of like colored pencils and,
you know, it's like, oh look, I'm going to recreate like a thing to sharpen pencils
and I'm going to do it in like a thousand steps.
I fucking love that, dude.
That's a good color.
I think so far, if we're doing it with an unbiased stance,
my Red Scares the Bull argument is still sort of in the lead because it's the one,
it's the only color you're going to want if a bull's coming to get you.
Okay, okay.
So unless anybody has something that can beat the Red Scares the Bull.
The Red Scares the Bull.
What's a color that bees don't like?
I was just thinking about bees, Travis.
Yeah, you were thinking about bees?
But I don't think they give a fuck about color, do they?
Well, what if you painted your whole house to look like a big bee?
That's multiple colors.
I don't think if you paint-
It's two colors, it's two.
Yeah.
Do you know that bees can see colors we can't?
Yeah.
Oh, so it's probably, the answer is probably whatever color that bee is seeing.
Bees can see UV fucking tripping 24 hours a day.
That makes me mad that there's a color I can't see.
Okay, thank you.
I'm glad they're gone.
Well, when you look at the color spectrum, right?
And let's put it on here.
Let's do, sometimes boys, I like to be a little bit nerdy.
And I like to really geek it up.
It's like just past like indigo, purple, ultraviolet, right?
So like, I just imagine it keeps going and then it's like ultra ultraviolet.
It gets purpler and purpler and purpler.
So like bees, they see all the cool colors that we can see,
but they can see the dankest fucking purples that are so purple,
like our brains can't even think about it.
And what if, hey, you guys, what if one day all the bees looked up
and God had written in like ultraviolet in the middle of the air,
everything's fucked, you guys need to get out of here.
But we couldn't see it and the bees did.
And they're like, oh, we better go.
Can I talk more about bees for one second?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Bees cannot distinguish red from black.
So I think if bees could talk, the first thing bees would say is,
you have got to explain checkers to me.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
Come on, you're just moving these tiny plates?
I don't know, y'all, but it is wild.
That's why we left, because y'all are doing checkers so much.
We're like, this is fucking nothing.
Okay, so just to clarify, bees can see colors that we can't,
but they also can't see colors that we can?
Yeah, baby, it's a trade-off.
I hate that.
That's why we're so different, huh?
It takes all kinds, it takes a whole village to pollinate a flower.
Everyone should have a bee paired with them.
The bee will tell us about all the ultraviolet stuff we can't see.
And we can be like, hey, let me explain to you
why this can of Mountain Dew Red looks so cool.
I'm gonna make a point about bees, all right?
Everybody's pretty upset.
Everybody stand back.
So many of them.
Let's just, real quick, it's red, it scares the bull away.
And now let's go, now we can go on-
It's red, it's settled.
Yeah.
Everybody's complaining about the bees leaving, and they're upset about it.
Yeah.
And I get it, right?
And it's because bees pollinate flower, right?
Yeah, bees pollinate flower.
Here's what I would say, if bees cared about us,
they would probably just tell us how to do it, right?
How to pollinate a flower?
If the bees would tell us how to do the pollinating, we could do it.
And then they could leave.
They could have told us before they left,
here's the secret, you give it a special little billy tickle,
and then you slip the pollen.
I'm guessing, I don't know.
Well, the answer would probably be like,
well, you rub your bits on it, and then you take your bits,
and you rub it over here on this other flower.
There's a lot of bit dipping.
They've been-
They could have just taught ants, right?
What are ants doing?
Well, they're not flying, Justin.
Listen up, ants.
First things first, you gotta get out of the ground.
Sucks to live down there.
What are you doing?
It's dirty as hell.
Second, I want to talk about having a wank in the garden,
because that's how we do things around here.
You're bees now, ants.
I'm just saying bees could be ants.
Well, yeah, obviously, obviously.
But without wings, and the bees like,
you gotta get up there,
and you gotta rub your bits on that flower.
Every time the ant gets up there, it's like,
all right, let's do this.
And it's gotta like climb up the flower stem,
and then it gets up there, and it's like,
well, I don't want to rub my bits on there.
Or maybe it gets up there,
and somebody's already rubbing their bits on the flower.
And it's, I mean, also, ants are just so strong-juiced,
so when they get up there and they try to crank off,
they're gonna rip their members, dude.
Yeah, dude, that's actually true.
Yeah, dude.
Hey, let's take a break.
Rip them right up.
Punch a hole right through their thorax, dude.
These ants aren't gonna be cranking.
Uh, yeah, so we forgot to record the freaking ads, man.
And I don't have an excuse for it.
If you're looking for excuses,
go somewhere the hell else,
um, because we just forgot.
Uh, we recorded like a bunch of my bim-bams.
This, no, you know what?
This, this ain't over the plate, is it?
This one's pretty far off the plate.
So, uh, I'm just gonna do the ads real quick,
and we'll pretend like this never happened.
I mean, pretend like you heard the ads and act on them,
because that makes us look, like, really good.
But anyway, our first sponsor is Away.
Away makes very good suitcases.
We have an Away suitcase,
and I recently purchased a second matching Away suitcase,
because I like it a lot.
It's got lots of dope pockets.
It's got these four 360-degree spinner wheels
and a TSA-approved combination lock,
so don't even worry about that.
Uh, and also there's a 100-day trial on everything Away makes
and free shipping and returns on non-personalized items
within the contiguous US, Europe, Canada, and Australia.
They're sleek, they're stylish,
they can take a, they can take a bangin',
and keep on rollin'.
And I like them a lot, so there.
Start your risk-free 100-day trial
and shop the entire Away lineup of travel essentials,
including their best-selling suitcases
at awaytravel.com slash my brother.
That's awaytravel.com slash my brother
to start your risk-free 100-day trial with Away.
We are also sponsored by Warby Parker.
Warby Parker, I know, scary name, right?
It's got war right in there,
but you don't need to be scared because it also has park in there.
And parks are great.
They have grass and birds and trees and stuff.
Warby Parker doesn't deal in grass and trees,
they deal in glasses.
They do the home try-on program
where they send you five pairs of glasses
and you try them on for free for five days
and there's no obligation to buy them.
They ship for free
and they include a prepaid return shipping label.
You just go to warbyparker.com slash my brother,
you take a quiz and you order your free home try-on kit.
They've also got new contact lenses, daily contact lenses.
It's called Scout by Warby Parker.
It's made from a, and this is in the copy so I apologize,
super moist material that resists drying
for lasting hydration and comfort.
Order a trial pack that includes six days worth of contacts
for only five bucks
and then receive five bucks off your next Warby Parker order.
Learn more at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Just do it.
Warby Parker does it right.
They get you the glasses right.
They start at 95 bucks and they include prescription lenses
and those lenses have anti-glare and anti-scratch coatings.
It's good stuff.
warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Hi, I am Lori Kilmartin.
And I'm Jackie Kishan.
Together we host a podcast called
The Jackie and Lori Show.
We're both stand up comics.
We recently met each other
because women weren't allowed to work together
on the road or in gigs for a long, long time.
And so our friendship has been unfolding on this podcast
for a couple of years.
Jackie constantly works the road.
I write for Conan and then I work the road in between.
We do a lot of stand up comedy.
And so we celebrate stand up and we also bitch about it.
We keep it to an hour.
We don't have any guests.
We somehow find enough to talk about every single week.
So find us.
You can subscribe to The Jackie and Lori Show at maximumfun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Okay, bye.
I want a munch squad.
I want two munch squads.
I'm standing up.
Whoa.
Right down the middle.
This is one that's usually here.
And now it's here again.
Munch squad.
This is a little late.
So we may have missed this promotion, folks.
But I'm sure plenty of you took advantage of it.
Boston Market selling baby back rib bouquets for $29.99.
Holy shit.
Yeah, I think we missed it.
I don't think they're gonna do it on Easter.
Show that.
No, then they just sell crucifixes.
It's two ribs.
It's two.
And a crucifix.
Same price.
The same price.
Still $30.
It's all about the experience.
It's experiential eating at Boston Market.
Hey, we're kind of taking kind of an avant garde approach
to what it means to be Boston Market.
Boston Market is bidding farewell to flowers
and chow to chocolates this Valentine's Day
with a new one of a kind gift.
A romantic bouquet made of its newest menu offering.
Fall off the bone, baby back ribs.
That term has never sounded good to me.
I need it to be on the bone at least
until it reaches the mouth quadrant.
Well, sir, and certainly if your plan is to deliver
a bouquet of them to your lovers,
you wouldn't want them to stick to your ribs, right?
To your ribs, ribs.
With a pile of meat on the floor and a bunch of bones.
Hey, this Valentine's Day, how about a dozen
fall off the stem roses?
Right, it's beautifully assembled with one dozen
tender Boston Market baby back ribs.
The limited edition and sure to be coveted.
Fucking pull up an imaginary store
and then get a seatbelt on your imaginary stool
and strap yourself into it,
because this is about to blast you right out of the water.
Are you ready for this?
The sure to be coveted bay B-A-E
be back ribs bouquet.
The bay be back ribs bouquet will be available
for purchase on Friday, February 14th
in all Boston Market restaurants nationwide
while supplies last for $29.99.
Hey, fuck, it's one day.
So there are people, other humans,
you know, like us people on earth,
that had to spend their life minutes
learning how to make a tasteful rib bouquet
for this fucking punchline of a promotion
that lasts one day.
Hey, Justin, can I just dip in real quick
for a second to touch on that thought?
Because when you say beautifully arranged,
tastefully arranged,
the idea to execution gap that exists there for me
is insurmountable.
I'm going to take these dozen bones
with meat and drippings on them
and arrange them so that a human being
would look upon them with their eye jellies
and say, beautiful.
Well done, well arranged.
These have certainly been touched
more than the usual ribs.
I'm crazy about them.
And even more so that then another human being
with their eye jellies would look
at the new human being holding this
and say, I wish I had that.
And imagine the light in your lover's eyes
and the shame in yours when you admit to them
it costs $30 for this fucking punchline.
When we first toyed with the idea
of adding baby back ribs to our menu.
Wait, wait, wait, they don't even normally
do baby back ribs?
It's a newer offering.
When we first toyed with the idea of adding-
I love the phrase, toyed with the idea,
like, how playful.
Hey, guys, wouldn't it?
I just want to put the tiger on the table
and fucking just yell at it.
Wouldn't it be so funny?
Baby back ribs, so cute and sweet.
Oh my God, baby back ribs to our menu.
We knew we wanted to focus on flavor and quality,
says Chef Tony Fialho,
Director of Culinary Innovation at Boston Market.
That's why we had to put them in a fucking crazy shape.
Nothing says quality like pretending
like baby back ribs are flowers to try to sell them.
That's why we're slow cooking our ribs
to fall off the bone perfection again
before smothering them in sweet baby Ray's
famous hickory barbecue sauce.
We just launched baby back ribs a few weeks ago
and our guests are loving them.
On their own, our baby back ribs
are sure to delight barbecue enthusiasts everywhere.
But when packaged in a delectable bouquet,
they're the picture perfect Valentine's Day gift
to help anyone delight and feed that special someone.
That is one of the things is you have to sit there
and watch your lover consume the entire bouquet.
That is part of the gift.
Boston Market is also inviting guests
to celebrate their bae over a shared plate
of baby back ribs, making it the perfect date night spot
for some Valentine's Day loving.
Oh my God, wait, read that last sentence again,
but slower and deeper.
Boston Market is inviting guests to celebrate their bae
over a shared plate of baby back ribs,
making it the perfect date night spot
for some Valentine's Day loving.
Yes, friends, Boston Market is encouraging you
to fuck in the booth.
Come on in, eat some cornbread and fuck in the booth.
You know, I'm never my most ready for sexual intercourse
than after consuming a bunch of ribs and bread.
In public.
At a Boston Market.
For $30.
On February 14th, pork isn't the only pork at Boston Market.
It's a double entendre.
On February 14th, couples can enjoy a romantic dinner for two,
featuring two half orders of ribs, two sides per person,
and two pieces of cornbread for only $20,
with a coupon available online at Boston Market.
So you're telling me,
I can get a dozen ribs plus extras plus some bonuses
and then arrange them myself and saved a 10 spot
is what you're telling me?
Yeah, I don't know how much you're in the portion.
10, half rack is like, it's gotta be more ribs for 20,
but they're upcharging you, although you know what?
This is the $10 question.
How do you arrange these ribs?
Well, that's a great question, Griffin.
I'm gonna share with you an image.
Oh, cool.
Of what it looked like, and it is troubling.
And this is a promotional image.
I'm sharing it in Slack now.
It should be noted that this is not an image
of like someone at home got this,
or this is what it looked like in their perfect-
I wish, I'm gonna need to tweet this one out
because the way these ribs descend to the stem
does not make sense.
It can't possibly be anything.
It also kind of looks for this promotional image.
Like they took kind of like big hunks of like wet newspaper
and dipped it in like mud and chocolate.
Chocolate and said, delicious.
This next part isn't germane to the story,
but it is, they've thrown it in here.
Boston Market fans can also spread the love even further
when enjoying the new baby back ribs
or any of their other favorites
thanks to the recently launched Rotisserie Rewards program.
The loyalty program available via the new Boston Market
mobile app for iOS and Android online at bostonmarket.com
or inRestaurant.
Are you doing that intentionally?
What?
The ellenbarkinrestaurant.com.
Bostonmarket.com or inRestaurant
allows customers to earn one point for every dollar
they spend in restaurant or online.
Can you guys imagine what it would be like
to order your food at Boston Market
and then say, hold on a second.
I'm a member of the Rotisserie Rewards program
and I want to make sure I'm credited the points
for these ribs I'm buying.
I'm not eating these ribs for my enjoyment.
This is work to me.
I need these points.
You probably recognize me.
I'm part of the club.
So anyway, Boston Market is making a truly delectable
Valentine's Day mistake.
I'm sorry we missed it.
I'm sorry we couldn't get out there
and warn people about it ahead of time.
But here's a quick Yahoo.
And this one was sent in by Toasty Feet.
Thanks, Toasty Feet.
It's anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm going to call him Blaze asks,
corn with a K, future Super Bowl halftime show?
Oh boy.
Will corn, with a K, ever be selected to do a Super Bowl halftime show?
And then first response here three days ago,
Conley 39 says, it's possible, but unlikely.
Well, that's true of anyone being announced.
They could say we're doing a live my brother,
my brother and me for the, it's possible?
I just side note, I'd rather see corn.
Yeah, no fucking kidding, man.
Corn, corn rips ass, dude.
Okay, here's where it was at, here's where it was at.
If corn did the halftime show, here's how it would go.
The first two or three minutes,
you'd be laughing your fucking brains.
It would be so fucking hysterical
that corn was doing the halftime show.
And then like five to seven minutes in,
they'd probably do like a really obscure cover of some cool song.
And I think, I feel like by the middle of it,
you'd be like, hey, this kind of rips ass, hey, weird.
Maybe I fucking love this.
Actually, this kind of fucking rules,
like this kind of rips ass, doesn't it?
Wait, did we all forget that maybe Freak on a Leash
wasn't like a bad song?
Like this, it's kind of fun with your friends
when you're all palling around and having a few laughs
to be like, but when he does it in the context of this song,
it actually kind of beats ass.
Okay, this is a real Yahoo for adults.
Grace sent it in.
It's anonymous Yahoo Answers user, I'm gonna call JJ, asks,
what would happen if I trolled a poker game in Las Vegas?
Say that I'm in a Las Vegas strip casino
and I go to the bar on the casino floor
and order the largest beer they have.
Then I walk over to the poker room
where people are playing poker
and I fling the beer out of the mug at the table.
Then people are playing poker one moment
and all of a sudden a tsunami of beer comes splashing down
all over the table, the cards, and the chips.
Then I make a run for it, beelining for the nearest exit.
And in some casinos, the nearest exit
is not far away from the poker room, lol.
What would come of that?
Okay, can I just say, I love that this person
asked the question, what would happen?
And then describes what would happen.
I throw it and then I have to run away
because I assume people will be chasing me
because I'd be very much in trouble.
Lots of people play poker.
Lots of people play poker and it's a pro sport
and a lot of people are playing poker these days.
But I feel like there's a lot of room left at the table,
the gambling table where they play poker,
for advanced stratagems like this one.
Obviously, this is like 90% of what poker is.
People will tell you it's about how you bet
or how you play the card, no.
It's about the showmanship.
It's like, maybe you've partnered
with the beer throwing person.
Oh, this person's on a hot streak.
I gotta ice them.
I'll signal the Bobby to throw some natty light on the table.
Oh, what's that?
And that's, I mean, this person has obviously
unlocked the door for us and ushered in a new era.
And that's great.
But I can think of like a hundred different ways
we could just go ahead and bump it up.
We can escalate it to the next level.
So you're playing and you've got pocket rockets, baby.
And the flush, the flop comes out.
It's like two, two, three.
And you're like, fuck, yeah, I got this all in.
The other person's like, I'm all in.
And then they flop a four of a kind.
And you're stuck there with your pocket rockets
like a real dipshit.
And then the poker champ, the poker umpire, yeah.
Devilfish.
Well, the umpire, you're playing against Devilfish.
And the poker umpire is like-
I just wanna make sure he's in the mix.
Yeah.
Devilfish is there.
And also Richard Kind is there.
Richard Kind is there.
He's having a fucking great, he's losing a lot.
But he's having the time of his fucking life.
I lose to Devilfish with my pocket rockets.
And they're like, oops, oh, sorry, Griffin.
You lost with your pocket rockets.
I think I should be like, ah, but like I don't,
but like I'm not gonna give you my chips this time.
Yes.
Because the cards I had were really good.
And the cards you had were really good also.
But I'm gonna hold on to my chips this time.
And like, I don't think there's much you can do about it.
Well, this is where the old double or nothing maneuver comes in.
Oh, nice.
You lose, but then you just yell, double or nothing.
And no one really knows what that means.
But if the person agrees and you win,
then you don't have to give them anything.
I think it's out.
Or you get double.
I'm not really sure.
Can I tell you what my go-to maneuver is?
My go-to, because I, you know, I play the rooms.
You know what I mean?
I'm out there.
I'm on the felt.
I'm kind of a felt jockey, you know?
I'm playing the green felt.
You'll flip the ponies.
Yeah, I'll flip the ponies.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'll dig with the spades.
You know what I mean?
I'll eat the clovers.
I'll break some hearts.
I'll cut some diamonds.
You get it.
Well, these are all card terms.
These are what people say.
You'll put some dice in your butt.
Yeah, exactly.
Thank you, Griffin, right?
I'm a chipper.
And if I look at my cards, right?
I've stuck in.
I've called every bet.
Then I realize I'm losing.
And there's no way I could win.
I pull a deck of cards out of my pocket,
and I start dealing them.
Oh, man.
And I deal them out to everyone else, right?
And now we're playing simultaneous hands of poker.
And maybe they've forgotten which cards
are going with which game, you know?
And I can just flip flop.
And that's where the term flop comes from.
Exchange my cards for other cards from my other hand,
and I win both hands now.
There's a lot of silly stuff you could do at the table
to get everything all scrambled and mixed around.
Yeah.
You know, you could also a big fan.
A big fan, guys.
Big fan.
Like no one's even thought of a big fan yet.
And you don't even need electricity.
It could be like one of those like big just hand fans.
Yeah.
And you could blow the game away.
Sometimes I also will just take my hand on all my chips,
and I'll put them at the front of my shirt
and pretend like I'm pregnant.
Yeah.
Or I'll dribble someone else's chips like behind their head.
Yeah.
And I'm like, oh, what's that?
I've got extended arms.
Do you ever palm a real chip
and then raise one of the poker chips to your mouth
and then secretly eat the real chip?
Oh, yeah.
Just be like, get it?
And that's a great strategy.
You could also just like when you're the short stack,
you could just be like, I'm all in.
And then you pick up all your chips
and you throw them into another player's chip pile.
And then you point and say, hey, some of those are mine
and they don't know how many.
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
If anybody gets too mad at you about any of these stunts,
there's a new secret life hack
I've been working on right here, okay?
If anybody gets too mad at you about any of these stunts,
here's a foolproof plan
that'll get you out of almost any situation once.
Once you look at them and you get embarrassed
and you say, I'm sorry, we're filming in Xenoman 2.
And then you point, see, there's the camera over there.
And when they look at the camera, you run away.
That would work pretty much anytime
you've done something embarrassing.
Because like, of course, this caveman,
I mean, I've barely laid the groundwork for it.
But yeah, unless, I guess, unless what?
Imagine this, Justin.
You do something embarrassing.
You say, I'm filming in Xenoman 2.
Oh no, the person you're embarrassed in front of
is Brendan Fraser.
And he's like, I know you're not filming in Xenoman 2
because I get first look at Xenoman 2.
No one showed me a script for Xenoman 2.
Hey Trav, hey Trav.
Or he's like, or he's deeply wounded.
Wait a minute.
Are you, wow, okay.
Ouch, this one hurts.
I guarantee he got last of my refusal on that one, right?
When they tried to book him originally,
they got Sean Assin, we got the weasel.
And now we need to get the phrase.
And he was like, I'll do it on one condition
for any future Xenomans, I get right of last refusal.
And last rights.
I don't think poker players should get to think
that they're cool as they are.
I think poker players wear the upside down visors
and sunglasses and they smoke big stogies.
And they have cool names like Devil Fish.
And they drive big, cool, loud cars.
And they think they're so big and cool, right?
Hey guys, you're playing board games.
You're basically playing a board game.
Like, you know what I mean?
Yeah, but we have a whole show
where we play Dungeons and Dragons.
And I like to walk around with those
upside down visors and sunglasses inside and stuff.
I'm just saying.
Pauly Shore wants to make Xenoman 2.
I found this story from 2014, he's in.
Okay, we got the weasel.
The weasel wants to do it.
It's probably so picky too.
Xenoman 2, let's do it, he said.
My agent and I are talking about it.
Looks like the writer, Sean Sheps of the 1992 original,
quote, already has an idea for the story
but hasn't written it yet.
So that's a roadblock.
Do you think the idea for this story is
there's a caveman of some sort
and he's doing something in Encino?
He's got kids and one of them is half caveman.
He's giving the kids caveman disease
and he can't live with himself.
I'm sorry, Justin.
If you remember correctly, at the end of the movie,
there's also a cave woman who appears
and she and caveman appear to be happy together.
Maybe.
He's Encino man, the first of the Geico cavemen.
So it sounds like we've got an idea for the story
and haven't written it yet.
So one might say our little small corporation
also is ready to make Encino Man 2
and is as close as Mr. Sheps.
We've been talking about it.
Can we start the episode over
and just make it kind of storyboarding Encino Man 2?
Just really nailing these beats down.
Now we know what episode 500 is gonna be.
Sir, it's just gonna be us perfecting our pitch
for Encino Man 2.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself
and we hope that you are having a good day.
I don't know if we ever say that, but I feel that.
I feel that.
I hope you're having a good day.
I don't know when this episode is posting.
So it's kind of hard for me to articulate much more than that.
But gosh, I hope it's a good one.
I can do big general announcements.
One, tickets went on sale last week for our new live show tour.
Maybe they're sold out, but if they're not,
you should go to McElroy.family, click on tours,
get tickets there.
A bunch of shows, some stuff in Norfolk, Virginia,
stuff at Foxwoods Casino.
It's all there.
There's a bunch of dates.
Go check that out.
Also, the Adventure Zone graphic novel,
Three Pedals to the Metal, it's coming out in July.
If you haven't pre-ordered yet, what are you waiting for?
It's gonna be our best one yet.
I'm not just saying that to be cute.
It's really good, and I'm really proud of it.
You can go to theadventurezonecomic.com
and pre-order it now.
That helps us a lot.
Everybody's so supportive of the book.
And when it comes out, people are always showing their support
and showing that they got it and shared it with their friends.
But the pre-order stuff really does help us out in a major way.
So think about it if you haven't done it yet.
And you can also, as always, go check out McElroyMerch.com
to see all of our fun merchandise stuff there.
It's great.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
And that one's been there for us.
That one's right down the fucking middle.
That one's right across the plate.
And we are just so appreciative.
Maximum Fun is also on the play, and we love them for it.
Speaking of, Max Fun Drive is coming up
middle of March.
We're gonna have a lot of cool-
Can we say what our episode was?
I feel like we should talk about it.
Yeah, go for it, Griffin.
You know what?
I'm gonna make the call and say yes.
I mean, we do crank calls.
Yeah, we do crank calls.
And it goes super good.
Yeah, we're really good at prank calling.
It's not, you may hear that and think,
but these boys wouldn't be good at that.
That'll be a rough listen.
It's, y'all, it's a fun time.
And we can say that.
We say it's crank calls.
Really, we're just having fun.
And you'll like it too.
And you can get that if you are a donor
or you can become a donor during the Max Fun Drive
or you can be an upgrading donor.
All those things, middle of March,
we're gonna have a lot of fun bonus content,
both for donors only and a lot of stuff
that's just gonna come out on our YouTube
and in our thread.
And yeah, it's gonna be great.
We're gonna have a great time.
I haven't told you boys this yet,
but I edited our crank call episode
and we didn't record, we recorded quite a bit
and it did end up being about 35 minutes long.
So that's about the hit rate we were working with.
But it's 35 minutes of pure good cranks
and how about a final Yahoo?
Yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by a bunch of folks actually.
Thank you, everybody.
Another anonymous Yahoo Answers user
who I'm going to call Schneider asks,
why are chihuahuas so expensive when they're so little,
not really getting your money's worth?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother,
may you kiss your dad's square on the lips.
