The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother and my brother mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy.
Bienvenidos. I'm your littlest brother, baby brother Griffin McElroy.
Limps. Limpos. Here's looking at you, Limpos. It's the talented Mr. Olympus.
Give me those five rings. I'm gonna put them all on my fingers and show off my beautiful
rings to my friends, Olympos. Just like Sonic the Hedgehog, we're after them rings.
That's right. Americans and Chinese and other people are all on the hunt for those five rings.
All of them. Americans, Chinese, France, and the other ones.
Five rings of various colors have been hidden throughout Rio de Janeiro,
and these proud Olympians must work together to follow the clues to find all the five rings.
One of them you only find through geocaching. One of them you got to solve the mummy's tomb,
I think. Just looking at the lineup of people looks like both big Australia and little Australia
made it out to this one. Welcome to the Limpos, boys. I'm so excited to be here. I'm so happy.
Now this is why we sports. This is it.
But this year there is a team, and I thought that this was very profound,
there is a team comprised entirely of people who thought Batman vs. Superman was, you know,
not too bad. And it's strange that they have like a flag and everything. They're in the UN,
and they're our strongest NATO ally. Yep.
Do want to say just 18 hours after this year's Limpos began, I am very proud to announce that
West Virginia, a West Virginian, won the state's first gold for this ceremony.
Not just any West Virginian.
Not just any West Virginian and not just any sport.
What sport did West Virginia roll up and crush it in? You guessed it, shooting things.
We took the golden gun, and her name is Virginia Thrasher,
which is so fucking choice and money and good.
Yeah, she actually goes by Jenny Thrasher. How fucking cool is that?
Thank you to Jenny Thrasher for the inspiration, and this episode is dedicated to you.
And it inspired me watching Jenny Thrasher get up there and just gun, like, and gun so tight.
I decided that I'm going to take part in the 2020 Olympos.
Oh man, me too. Griffin, I've actually been training already.
What are you training in?
I'm training in swimming, mostly the butterfly.
Okay. I've been training with Michael Fred Phelps,
who is Michael Phelps' dad, and who unfortunately shares a name with Fred Phelps.
Yeah, that's too bad. So you swim and he's like, you could have done that a little bit faster.
Also, I don't think that bisexual people should be able to vote.
Yeah.
Fred Phelps, why?
If you swim better, God will kill people because he's ashamed of you.
Oh, okay.
I decided that I think I'm going to do leg wrestling.
And I'm really excited to get there.
No one's quite sure where the 2020 Olympics are going to be.
A lot of people said, and I say that, and I'm looking at our producer now,
and the producer is letting me know, just sort of emphatically,
that a whole sort of panel got together and decided it would be in Tokyo.
No, no, no.
I'm still not sure.
They say that, but at the last minute they're going to send out like Wonka-esque tickets
to let you know where to go because they just don't want it swamped by like spectators and
visitors.
They just want to keep it pure for the sport.
Now it is going to be in Tokyo.
Apparently I'm getting it.
They're just really emphatic.
It's in Tokyo.
And I would love to show everybody how I leg wrestle in the Japanese style.
I'm looking forward to that.
Yeah, I thought you were going to demonstrate it here on the call somehow.
We're not even close to each other, but my leg is in the air right now and I'm flailing it.
Justin, what sport?
What sport?
No Oddjob Goldeneye.
Oh!
I've been pushing for a long time and finally we got it in.
They've had Goldeneye for a long time, but I think me and a lot of the other E-athletes,
or E-athletes as we prefer,
Or E-athletes!
E-athletes!
Prefer, like we thought it was unfair that whatever country got the first controller
just like quickest on the draw got to be Oddjob and we just didn't think Oddjob should be in.
So we protested and eventually we got, now the Olympics have no Oddjob Goldeneye,
Oddjob Goldeneye and all slappers.
Oh, is it all licensed to kill?
Yeah, that's a good question.
Yeah, obviously they don't want these matches to drone on for hours on end.
But I'm really happy to represent my country and not choose Oddjob.
You know, I have a secret strategy though that I've been working on.
I wanted to share with you guys.
Tell me now.
Come in real close because I don't want the Ruskies to hear.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to choose Oddjob.
Well now hold on.
I've just changed my mind.
Leg wrestling is out the window because it seems like it'd be very difficult and very taxing.
And I'm looking at the list now and there's a lot of exciting new opportunities.
I think I'm going to go with beach curling.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that's fun.
It's a new curling.
It takes place on the beach and the course is much shorter.
I have actually switched mine now too.
I'm going to switch my major and I'm going to start studying for slowest runner.
And it's the last person across the finish line loses.
These races can take months.
They take a while.
Yeah.
Take a long time.
The last person like missed their family really because that's how most people are just like,
I want to go.
I would love to go home.
I'm actually going to be doing metal detecting this year.
Changing it up again, huh?
Yeah, it's nice.
The really nice thing about it is you can walk into anybody else's event just midway through
and just do your biz.
You know what I mean?
You could stop the beach volleyball midway through and just do the thing.
I'm actually going to switch mine too.
Oh, Travis is just going to switch his real quick.
I'm going to switch mine to mystery barbecuing.
Interesting.
What does that entail?
Well, you get the meat, but you don't know what the meat is ahead of time or even during sometimes.
And you just serve it to the people and you have to prepare.
Usually blindfolded and you're just given a strange meat that you have to cook and prepare.
Hold on one second.
I got to grab my phone.
Hey, I need to cancel my application for beach curling.
This is Griffin McElroy.
Yeah, change that for me.
Devil sticks, 100 meter.
Devil sticks.
Devil sticks, 100 meter.
Okay, bye.
I've changed mine again.
I'm going to have to change mine one more time.
Travis is just changing his real quick.
I'm going to have to do head to head yo-yoing.
Okay.
Okay, a lot of tangled up strings in that one.
And it can get bloody in there.
A lot of black eyes, a lot of walked dogs.
Yeah.
It can get very violent in there.
Sending an email real quick.
Cancel devil sticks order application and change to fencing.
Send.
That's fencing with fans?
With dance.
You were close, but it was sort of a dance fencing.
It's just sort of a fencing.
Fencing?
No, actually, I'm sorry.
Changing that.
Instead, I'd like to do fancing.
And that's just where you get as fancy as you can get.
And you just sort of, you have a contest with it.
Okay.
My pager's going off.
Looking forward to taking the platinum home on that one.
It's even better than gold.
Nobody's ever gotten it before, but I will.
My pager's going off.
Hold on one second.
Let me check it.
Okay.
It's a message to call phone number.
Let me call.
Okay.
That was me from the future.
I've been informed that I have changed my category in the future to freestyle bad boy.
Leather jacket, pomade, sunglasses.
Anything goes in freestyle bad boy.
Yeah, it's an open field this year because I'm the only one participating.
And I think I could have a good shot at least bronze.
Oh, I'm going to send an email real quick just if I could.
Let me just switch it.
I'm going to switch to synchronized vests and just see.
Yeah.
Oh, there was an opening.
I was able to get into the American team.
This is great.
Oh, shit.
Hey, guys, hold on one second.
Somebody's just thrown a rock through my window and it's, oh, it's me.
And it's an application from myself.
I'm changing categories too.
Let me read here.
Sorry, the notes really crumpled up.
It's wrapped around a rock.
It just says Richard Gear.
So I'm going to, I guess I'm changing mine to Richard Gear.
Oh, sorry.
I just got a notification.
They've actually changed synchronized vesting to world's nicest rap battler now.
So we'll see how it goes.
Like no cussing.
And a lot of compliments.
It's mostly just flattery, but in rhyming couplets.
Okay, I just got a DM from Olympics and they say that they would prefer that I change
my category this year to no scope surgery, real patients only.
And it says XXX on it.
So I'm not sure that's supposed to be kind of an edgy thing, but I am going to be doing
surgery, untrained surgery, because you have to be an amateur.
Surgery on real patients without a scope.
No scope.
An owl just landed in my window.
It's letting me know that I've been signed up for world's best grandpa.
I don't know.
I don't even know what I do in that one.
I just got a notification that I received the gold medal for owl impersonation for
tricking Travis.
What?
He was an owl the whole time.
Sorry, guys.
They just threw another rock through the old window.
It was already broken.
I don't even know how they did that.
But I just got a new category here that apparently I've just been somebody else.
Sign me up for it.
And it just says Olympics.
Super, super, duper weird.
I just got a text message that we have all won the gold medal for Olympics category choosing.
And the anti-bronze for improv comedy.
We've actually done so good.
It's a sort of acid that you apply to bronze and it just sort of dissolves it.
Yeah, all medals.
Uh, one last fact that I wanted to share with everybody before we move on, uh, West Virginia
is shooting domination.
There are five people competing in the Olympics this year that are, uh, uh, West Virginia
University graduates.
Uh, yeah, yeah.
David Johnson is the manager of the team.
WVU, Jenny Thrasher, Nash.
Here's the best.
Nico Campionni and Petra Zublasing, both from Italy.
Italy's like, hold the phone.
I hear there's a state where people are shooting so right.
We gotta get them.
It's what we've always raised you to be little one.
Ziva Divorce Act from Slovenia has been called home to shoot shit for her country.
We got this.
Um, should we do advice?
Yeah.
Good.
Best of luck actually to all of our, um, athletes who are from West Virginia and are
competing on USA teams only.
USA, USA.
Jenny Thrasher, I don't know if you're like, if you got plans now, if you're like on your
way home or whatever, but if you want to dip into another event and just like check shit
out, I ain't mad at you.
Yep.
Just keep winning.
Just see, just wait till they stop you.
And if you want to be on our podcast, like judo, let us know.
You can be on our podcast, Jenny.
That would be sweet.
That'd be dope.
Uh, so let's get into the advice.
I'm ready if you're ready.
Yes, let's do it.
My friend's dog is extremely unsettling and disturbs me greatly every time I visit.
He has a very human-esque eyes.
You can see the whites that don't look like a dog's at all and don't reflect in the light.
When I go to the bathroom at night, he's just sitting there waiting for me in the hallway
and he will sit on the couch like a man and watch the TV.
He was found in the precious.
Oh, sorry.
Not precious.
The precious.
Oh, precious owner.
He was found in the previous owner, told my friend to keep him thus passing on the curse
to top it all off.
He has a human man name.
Everyone loves my friend, tells him his dog's a human man in a dog's body, but he says he's
quote, trying his best.
Please help.
That's from Spooky Snacks in South Philly.
P.S. It sounds like I embellish this or even made it up for the goof, but please understand
I'm living in constant fear.
Okay.
Point of order.
You can't tell us that the dog has a human name and not give us the dog's name, please.
What's the dog's name?
Bert?
Bert? Let's go with Bert.
Bert is a dog's name, though, that a human used once and thought it was funny.
Jason.
How about Ethan?
Okay.
Ethan is excellent.
Yeah, no dog has ever been named Ethan.
Or Aiden.
Can you imagine a dog named...
Come here, Aiden.
Roberto Bonini.
Ethan is good.
So yeah, there's a lot of elements at play here, but I think I pieced all the elements
together in a beautiful puzzle.
And have you seen the trailers for this movie, 9 Lives?
Yes.
With Jennifer Garner and Kevin Spacey as a cat, and I think that somebody casts like
a wizardly spell on him to turn him into a cat.
And I think the wizard was...
Oh, it's the guy with the voice that everybody just loves.
It's Walken.
It's Christopher Walken.
It's Walken.
It's Christopher Walken, who I guess only appears in movies to teach dad's lessons with
magic.
Like, I refuse to believe this is not a spiritual successor to Click.
Like, it has to be, right?
It's called Meow.
So in Meow, Kevin Spacey plays a cat, and I think he just loved it so much.
And after they finished shooting, they're like, thanks, Kevin.
This movie's going to suck ass, but we're going to make so much of that dumb kid money.
And he's like, I know.
I love it.
Hey, let me ask you a question, Claire.
Is there a real magic man that can turn me into some sort of bedeviled animal?
And they said, geez, Kevin, with that accent constantly, yeah, I think we can hook you
up with somebody.
Bing, bang, boom.
Long story short, we got a dog Kevin Spacey on our hands.
True story, though.
What is wrong with you, Kevin?
Yeah, Kev.
Kevin, do you have a second?
Kevin, do you have a second? You went from House of Cards to Elvis and Nixon to 9 Lives.
You're spinning out of control.
You are an American beauty.
Your latest film is currently in post-production and due out 2017.
I know nothing about it, but it's literally called Baby Driver.
Does the man who made K-Pax have something on you that's blackmailing you into these movies?
Who would make you do this, Kevin?
Maybe K-Pax was a true story.
He's got a fucking alien brain up there and capable of making good decisions.
It can't be the money, right?
I'm just worried that maybe we're dealing with a Dave situation where Kevin Spacey is
laying like in a sick bed somewhere and they hired an actor who looked like Kevin Spacey
to play Kevin Spacey.
Oh, I thought you meant meet Dave and you were talking about the similar decline that
Eddie Murphy did when he threw himself down a well that had a sign in front of it that
said the Pluto Nash hole.
No, no, not his Nash hole.
I mean, like the movie, Dave, where maybe Kevin Klein is pretending to be Kevin Spacey.
That's fun.
That's just good fun.
You're Kevin Spacey, okay?
Yeah.
Okay, wait, give me a minute.
Okay.
I'm there.
Someone slides across a piece of paper from your agent to you.
Your agent slides a piece of paper to you.
It reads, a stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat.
That's the log line.
Where does the cat go?
Does the cat control Kevin Spacey?
What on earth did they tell Kevin Spacey to get him to agree to appear in this motion
picture?
Yeah.
And we will give you a lot of money.
Hey, Kevin, it's got, hey, you know Arrow?
His brother's in it.
What?
I remember the first time I saw the trailer for Nine Lives starring Kevin Spacey.
I saw how bad it looked and I actually reached my hand into the screen, like in persona.
And I was able to get like my whole torso and head inside of the trailer.
And I grabbed Jennifer Garner's hands and she was like, pull me out.
You can save me.
And I tried, but my hands were too slippery and greasy and I let her go and she fell back
into the movie.
But I almost got her out.
The first time I saw the preview for Nine Lives, I said out loud to Teresa, I look forward
to hearing the Flophouse episode about that movie.
They already did it.
It was called A Talking Cat.
Anyway.
You said that wrong, Griffin.
A Talking Cat?
Thank you.
How about we just spent seven minutes just kind of doing fun riffs on Nine Lives.
And I think just be cool.
It's a dog and feed it some snacks and be good with it.
And maybe don't do anything too embarrassing around it so that when it turns back into
a human, it's not like, oh, I'm so happy to be human.
Also, Derek like gets his balls out everywhere.
Yeah.
Also, you can set Kevin Spacey free.
I haven't seen Nine Lives, but it definitely ends with them.
If they can say their dad's name at the cat, then they transform back.
So you just got to figure out kind of what actor that makes bad choices is the dog and
just just yell a bunch of names at them.
I mean, start with Kevin Spacey, for God's sakes.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer from the service?
No, I just feel like I don't know if we help them or not.
Oh, cool.
Then we're on par.
This one is sent in by Joel Azose.
Thank you, Joel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
Column Chargo.
Chargo asks, what's a cool catch phrase to say before you throw up?
I've always wanted to say something cool before I vomit from drinking too much.
Any suggestions?
Before, not after?
Yeah, no, it's got to be.
Well, I think let's free ourselves up.
Let's give ourselves a little bit more comedy rope and say it could be either one.
But I think it's funny if you say it before to almost announce it.
And you know, because everybody says something embarrassed when they throw up.
Everybody has a post throw up catchphrase already.
What if you like just before you throw up, you yell like,
I have something to add or I'd like to interject something and then you throw up.
That could be fun.
It's especially good if you're getting really drunk at like an art exhibit or some kind of like
poetry jam somewhere where people are having very like elitist conversations and you can
walk up like, that's a very interesting point about Chaucer.
I have something to add.
I think that's a very interesting point about Chaucer.
I have something to add is a really good catchphrase.
Yeah, it's maybe a little bit wordy.
You're going to rush through it.
Like, you know, it's kind of like, oh, this is very funny.
Definitely the longer build up you could have before the better.
I think you should kind of give it like a bard-esque opening.
Sort of like, excuse me, if I could ask everyone to attend the tale, noblemen,
noble ladies, gather round and I shall delight your-
I'm sorry, if I could have everyone's attention,
you're probably wondering why I've called you all here today.
You have no idea how long it's going to take.
That's the thing about Yards is you never know how long it's going to take, right?
So the inverse, it could also be like, I also have something interesting to add about Chaucer.
Like, what are you doing?
I think it's very embarrassing to do it.
It's so embarrassing.
It's basically like a bathroom thing.
And I would never do that in front of a person.
So I think the best thing to do is kind of couch it and just be like,
what I'm about to do is going to be a prank.
And so people are like, what the fuck?
You'd be like, pranked you?
Do you think after you peek and look everybody dead in the eye, just be like, just kidding?
Oh, just before you vermit, you scream, check out these special effects.
Yeah, and then you do it.
And then while you're crying, because I cry every single time I throw up,
I just look up everybody and I go, that was fake.
That can be fun.
What if your catchphrase is something like, don't eat the dip.
And then you threw up.
Yeah, but what if you made the dip?
Oh, no.
Well, oh, you make the dip every time and then you don't eat the dip.
Because then that also plants into everyone's minds who have had the dip, like, oh, no.
And so they all feel like they're like living on borrowed time.
But then when they don't vomit, they're so relieved that they find a new lease on life.
Maybe you could go with something like, I was really close to my grandpa.
I used to spend a lot of summers in his cabin.
And I'll never forget his final words to me.
They were, because if you did it enough times, people would eventually be like,
I wonder if that's, you guys think this will happen?
That might happen.
He's told that story a lot.
What if we're being a little, these are all very good,
but none of them are really catchphrases.
That's true.
A catchphrase is essentially, it establishes a Pavlovian response.
We have to have something so concise and memetic that when you say it,
people know what's going to happen next.
So maybe just something like in a baby voice, just like, oh,
and if you say it just like that at a party, people are like,
oh, damn, where's Jerry?
Get him outside.
What about something a little bit more t-shirt like,
bada bing, bada boom, give me some room, right?
Still very, you're gonna, uh-oh, you cannot,
yarts in the middle of, because the word itself sounds like a yart.
That could, you'd be like, bada bing, bada boom.
What if you just yell, Omar coming?
Omar coming could be fun, but it's taken and used.
Oh, not like this.
80s kids will love this one.
Um, uh, maybe right before you puke, you say,
first find the orange flag, get some free Casio keyboard,
and then just puke everywhere.
Kind of give them, or maybe just if you want to get simple,
just physical challenge, then puke everywhere.
Yeah, because it is a physical challenge.
It is a physical challenge.
This hurts me more than it hurts you.
What if you just yelled like, hold my arms back?
Because it's confusing, because most of the time you would say hair,
and it would leave people wondering what you usually do with your arms
when you vomit.
But sometimes my arms and back.
That would be a good one.
That puke you like is going to come back into style.
Then just puke on everybody.
And then after you puke, you just look at them and go, damn fine.
And that's fun.
That's fun.
Kind of cultural.
That's the thing that people don't do.
The after, nobody ever, I don't think people celebrate
the natural human bodily function of vomiting enough.
Yeah.
And I think that you could just like turn around and be like, what was that?
Am I right?
Or just turn around like 10 out of 10.
Could you lean into what was that as though it's never happened to you before?
Like you really didn't know that that was one of the holes where that thing happened.
What could that have been?
Oh, that's good because you can get the build up and the after of like,
what is this feeling?
It would be amazing if it could be a payoff.
Like in every conversation you're in the party before,
you find a way to work it around to the fact that you don't think vomiting exists.
And then when you do, it's like, oh my God, my eyes have been opened.
This is astounding.
Chuck was claiming he vomited earlier.
Fuck that guy.
What is he, a Tex Avery cartoon?
Come on.
Here's what I think you do.
Because if it's something that's happening to you because you party a little bit too hard,
and I get very nauseous when I drink.
I know it's like, I think if you know you're about to go somewhere
where you're about to really party already,
then you tuck a small key in between your gums and your cheek.
And you put a little handcuff key in there.
And then when you yards, you let the key come out of the mouth and you get it.
And you hold it up and you say,
oh, thank God I've got to go.
And you run out of the house.
Oh, that's good.
What they don't know is you've eaten a bunch of handkerchiefs earlier.
When you vomit, you just start pulling them out and then say, ta-da.
You fish yourself out of your pocket.
And you say, you pull out your ear and you go,
Susan, I found it.
I'm on my way.
Or you throw up an engagement ring and then immediately get down on one knee to whoever
you're next to.
Just whoever.
Whoever's closest.
Because they're going to say no because you're a big vomit boy.
But at least it looks like you staged an elaborate proposal and then you got shut down.
So now you're going to get a little bit pity,
not for the vomiting, but probably also for the vomiting.
Okay, so you don't propose.
Maybe you just get the ring and just like, oh, this is embarrassing.
Okay, this was not supposed to go like this.
I had a whole Bruno Mars song queued up and everything.
Okay, this is embarrassing.
Recently, my girlfriend was asked by her best friend to be her maid of honor at her upcoming
wedding.
She asked her by presenting my girlfriend with a bottle of wine that had a customized
label printed on it that said, will you be my maid of honor?
My girlfriend, of course, said yes, and life is good.
However, my question is, should we drink the wine or are we supposed to leave the wine
inside as some sort of artifact to commemorate this special occasion?
Would it be even more rude not to drink it?
And that's from Not Drunk Enough Yet in New Jersey.
My in-laws threw me and some of Rachel's friends from St.
Louis who went to visit and they threw us a surprise baby shower there and somebody
brought little It's a Boy lollies and I was like, fuck yeah.
I took one, unwrapped it, popped it right in my gob.
Didn't even think twice.
Didn't even think twice about how this would be a treasured little artifact.
I just like, oh, cool.
It's a blow pop.
Considering you're a co-host of a podcast with a man who at the age of 12 ate his own
It's a Boy cigar from his birth, his bubble gum cigar from his birth, then I think you're
in fine company here.
It's a genetic trait of, I guess just to define that trait, we're shitheads.
Just shitheads who love gum.
Judging from your tone and your username, it sounds like we're really talking about
time frame here.
It does not sound, it's gonna happen, right?
Like they're gonna crack it open.
And the problem is the longer you wait, the guiltier you'll feel.
If you did it like the day you got it like, oh, that's nice, pop.
Like, okay.
But now you're building up momentum of not having opened it yet.
So the moment when you open it will have to be this like, this is the moment, like here
now.
Also the longer you let it sit in there, the better it tastes.
Well, I'm gonna bet that a lot of work went into the custom sweet awesome label.
I doubt very much that they slapped that custom label on like a $300 bottle of wine.
Yeah, it seems to me that if you get someone a bottle of wine that deserves to be celebrated,
you probably don't cover up the label.
I've won quite a few murder mysteries at Ravenswood Castle with the Shadow Stalkers group out
there.
And when they commemorate the victory, they give you a bottle of wine.
I have several of these.
And every time they give it to you, they say, now don't drink this wine because it's terrible.
It's like, oh, that's good.
That's good to know.
It's technically cooking wine.
It's basically, yeah.
Do you like vinegar?
Um, I think.
I think you do.
I do think you drink it though.
Yeah, I think you gotta save the bottle.
Maybe you could turn into like a vase or put some like colored sand.
That's a good question though, Trav.
Because you are opening up yourself up to a second question of like, what do I do with
this empty bottle with a label on it?
There's so many art projects you could do.
Yeah, man.
You make old sand art.
You could turn into like a fun puppet or something.
You could turn into action figure for the kids.
Just put a little ping pong ball on the top and you draw a cool face on it.
And you just like tape a gun onto it or something like that.
And it's like an army man.
If you're going to keep it as a souvenir, regardless, I think what you got to ask yourself
is what looks nicer?
Like a full bottle of wine or an empty bottle of wine?
I think you could probably sleep a bit easier knowing that you have a full bottle of wine
in the house at all times.
Like don't tuck into it.
Your emergency bottle?
Yeah, exactly.
It's better to know it's there and you don't have to use it.
Well, and also, unless they're into like glass blowing, they didn't make the bottle.
Like the label is what matters.
And you could like steam that shit off there.
Yeah, steam it off and make a little brooch out of it.
Or slap that in like a wedding scrapbook.
Slap it in a scrapbook, make it out and make it into a necklace or something.
Do something fun with it.
Put it on something you're never going to finish, like a bottle of vegetable oil.
I've had the same one in my cupboard for like five years.
Never been tempted to drink it.
Not even once.
I got an old bottle of vinaigrette.
I could put that shit on, you know what I mean?
No problem.
Why didn't they just give you a big old can of vinegar?
You just say, why would you do this to me?
Why would you tempt me?
You know this is my favorite fluid, is wine.
Why wouldn't you put it on a big box of baking soda
and just stick it in my fridge for the rest of my life?
Why wouldn't you just etch it into like a tombstone if you wanted it to be forever?
Here's a tombstone.
Will you be my bridesmaid?
Thank you.
This is not a threat.
That's all etched on this.
Will you be my, this is a tombstone.
Will you be my bridesmaid?
This is not a threat.
I love you so much.
I love you.
There are people living in untouched like rainforest villages
that have not seen the slightest glimmer
of what we consider to be modern civilization in their entire history
who I think I would have more in common with
than a person who would take the time to create a beautiful gift
to ask someone to be their maid of honor.
I just want to take my hat off
because I don't know where you're finding the hours in the day.
I would like a few of them,
but that's a very thoughtful friend right there.
I cannot fathom it.
How would you do it, Justin?
I just fucking ask if I remember to ask.
Like if they show up and like,
oh fuck, you, will you be my maid of honor?
You're in charge now.
You're in charge now.
I can't do this no more.
I, when I did it, I created a fancy label
for different products
that I knew the recipient would be so tempted by
that they would have to tuck into them.
Um, so Justin, what did I send you?
I think it was a bag.
I think it was like an unopened bag of Tastations.
Yeah, an unopened vintage bag of Tastations.
I bought on eBay and I had sealed it with the label
that said you're my brother and I love you
and will you please be involved in this special day?
Please don't tear the label up to get to the Tastations event.
And then I knew on my wedding day,
I made you show me the bag.
And it was, you were like, what bag?
What Tastations?
What bag?
I ate the bag.
You sent me a can of pizza-licious Pringles
that you had actually just masking taped the lid down
but had written on the masking tape,
will you be in my wedding party?
Don't break this seal.
Don't open, don't pop, don't stop.
Do stop, don't pop.
And that's why I didn't show up at your wedding.
That's exactly right.
I felt so guilty because I popped and I didn't stop.
Travis didn't show up because he didn't even realize
it was an invitation.
That's how quickly he ripped into those bad boys.
I just consimmed it like a cartoon character.
I put the whole can in my mouth
and then pulled that empty can back out.
For Evan, I just put the label over an Al Jarreau CD.
All of you failed me.
A rare one.
Should we go to the Money Zone?
We're already there.
Look around.
Away we go.
My Brother, My Brother, Me is supported in part by Casper,
an online retailer of premium obsessively engineered
mattresses for a fraction of the price
that you're going to pay in a store.
Travis, you sleep on a Casper.
How's it going?
It's going so good.
Because Casper sent us an email like,
who wants to try out a Casper?
And Travis is like, me.
I do.
I want it up bed.
I'm actually eyeballing it right now,
waiting for the time when this stupid show is done
so I can take a nap.
And it's going to be so good.
Like, listen, it's good for night sleeping,
but it's so good for day sleeping.
It's the best nap dress I've ever had.
What's so good about it?
It's great.
It's like a cloud.
You know, I've slept on mattresses before
that had like really uncomfortable springs in it
and, you know, just couldn't seem to find a balance
between like too soft and too firm.
And it just, all in all, like every mattress seemed like
it was just trying too hard to win my favor.
And Casper is not trying too hard.
It just is.
You know what I mean?
It's just, it's so confident in itself.
It's not trying to be what I want it to be.
It's just being what it is.
What I like about Casper, and I'll say it
because it's taken too long.
It has a risk-free trial and return policy.
You can sleep on it for a hundo days.
That's 100.
And they give free delivery to the US and Canada.
They have painless returns.
You don't like it?
You just send it right back.
And all the mattresses are made in America,
and that's what I really like about it.
Yeah, they're really great.
How can people get their hands on one of these Trisses?
Well, all they're gonna wanna do is go to casper.com
slash my brother and use promo code my brother.
All one word at checkout.
Terms and conditions do apply.
That again, casper.com slash my brother
and use promo code my brother.
All one word at checkout.
And when you use that promo, you're gonna get $50 off
already wonderfully priced mattresses.
It's only $500 for a twin size mattress
and only $950 for king size, which is a great deal.
So if you go to casper.com slash my brother
and use the coupon code my brother,
you'll get $50 off these already well-priced mattresses.
Go check it out.
One thing about me undies,
just got a new batch in the mail yesterday.
Jungle print.
You got them jungle print?
I got them jungle print on my loins too.
Yeah, I put them on.
I was like, where my dick go?
And I was like, no, just kidding.
There it is.
And it looks fantastic.
It changed my loins to lions.
Me undies is so good.
It's seriously the best.
They're made of this tight micromodal fabric
and which is sustainably sourced.
It's twice as soft as cotton.
It's indescribably comfortable.
Once you try them on, you'll know why we call them
the world's most comfortable underwear,
why the world calls them that.
And if you don't love your first pair, they're free.
No questions asked.
They won't be like, oh, really?
Show them to me on your body now.
How long have you worn?
No, none of that.
They won't send out the goon squad.
They got dozens of styles, limited edition prints
to help you make a statement with your loins,
whether anyone can see them or not.
But you'll know, and that's what's important.
Shipping's free here in the US and Canada.
You can save up to eight bucks a pair
with the Me Undies subscription plan.
You can get either one of those for 20% off your first order
if you go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother,
20% off your first order, meundies.com slash my brother.
I've got a message here for Chris from Cody.
This is a personal Yumbotron message,
which is what I'm calling Jumbotrons from now on
because they're so yummy.
After playing you the McElroy family fun hour episode,
I was a bit disappointed when you didn't seem too entertained.
But on my birthday, but on my birthday,
when you made a special trip to pick us up a bag
of Totino's cheddar blasted pizza rolls,
I had to let the McElroy brothers
and all the listeners know how much I love you
and how lucky I am to be your husband.
That's nice.
I'm sorry that Chris was not immediately floored
by our antics, but I'm glad that our viral marketing
wormed its way into his brain.
Yeah, those flavor biases shits is no joke.
How do they get so many flavors and so much of them on it?
It's, I can't tell.
I think it goes a little something like this.
I have another message here.
This one's for Air Bear and it's from Meglett who says,
oh, oh, they want us to sing.
You can do this.
Okay, it's a Hamilton thing.
I know my sister like I know my own mind.
You will never find bigger Bim Bam fans than she and I.
That was really good.
That was good.
Can you do the whole thing or?
If I tell her that I love him,
she'd be residedly resigned.
No, I meant the whole Jumbotron message.
The whole Jumbotron, you dummy.
Oh, I thought you meant the rest of the song.
I could do that.
That was straight off the dome, by the way.
That was really good.
Not even looking at the lyrics page.
I said, oh, Aaron, you're as beautiful and wise as CJ Craig.
She would definitely be friends with you, IRL,
as would Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Happy his birthday from your baby sister.
May your zone be full of adventure in your 30th year.
We'd never received that much direction.
That's a lot of direction.
I felt a little hemmed in.
I wasn't able to do my freeform, you know, my comedy.
A lot of handling.
Yeah, a lot of handling going on.
A lot of handling, a lot of navigation.
Manhandling, I'd say.
A dan handling.
A lot of flan handling.
Is this what we're doing?
I'm Allegra Ringo.
And I'm Renee Colbert.
And we host a podcast called Can I Pet Your Dog?
Renee, can I tell you about a dog I met this week?
I wish that you would.
In turn, though, can I tell you about a dog hero?
May I tell you about a dog breed in a segment I like to call Mutt Minute?
I would love that.
Could we maybe talk about some dog tech?
Could we have some cool guests on, like Lin-Manuel Miranda, Nicole Byer,
and Ann Wheaton?
I mean, yeah, absolutely.
I'm in.
You're on board.
What do you say we do all of this and put it into a podcast?
Yeah, OK.
You think?
Perfect.
Should we call it, like, I don't know, Can I Pet Your Dog?
Sure.
All right.
What do you say we put it on every Tuesday on Maximum Fun?
Or on iTunes?
Sounds good to me.
Meeting's over.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Yeah.
Do you guys want to get political or nah?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So sent in by Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder.
Or riding high.
Think Zoe Kinski's riding high at this point.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gator who asks,
is Mayor McChee's a Republican or a Democrat?
Oh.
No, no additional information.
Elocuted or required?
Or desired?
Well, let's look at his policies.
I think that'll give us a clear indication.
Yeah.
He's for flavor.
Loves it.
Loves the shit.
But he's anti same sex marriage.
OK?
OK.
So now I think that's I think now I think he's definitely for flavor.
I think just like I don't think he's anti same sex marriage, right?
Because they're all fry guys, right?
What it really comes down to is is he pro grimace and bird person marriage?
Yeah.
That's the new frontier.
He loves flavor.
Let's just really focus on that.
He's very pro flavor.
We can all agree on that.
His head is a his head is a hand.
Like, let's not be let's not make fun here.
His head's a fucking hamburger.
And we know that.
Right.
I think he's got to be he's got to be tough on crime, right?
Because I think if the hamburger ever tried to steal his head,
which would kill him like that's a crime he doesn't want to happen.
So he's got to be tough on crime.
He's he's a living hamburger man who resigned over a world based around
the selling and consuming of hamburgers.
Well, I do want to get in here, Travis, and just correct you very quickly
and that he's not necessarily a hamburger man, but his head is a hamburger.
He definitely has a human body but a hamburger.
Like, yeah, half hamburger, half man.
He's a man burger.
But this man burger is selling baby burgers to the public to consume.
So is a man burger.
That means that a guy fucked a burger and I'm gonna go ahead
and put wimpy on blast here from Popeye definitely is is is Mayor McCheese's dad.
I'm just saying that with his like cannibalistic like lifestyle,
I feel like we could-
I don't think he eats burgers, does he?
But he but he like he wants those babies to be eaten.
I feel like we could launch a very successful campaign against Mayor McCheese
if we wanted like a coup to replace Mayor McCheese as the like mayor of Hamburger Town
or whatever it's called, McDonaldland.
Speaking of McDonaldland, I wanted to take a quick break
to look at the Wikipedia page for McDonaldland.
I want to tell you guys about the Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald.
This is a videotape series released from 1998 to 2001 by Rugrats creators, Klaski Supo.
I remember these tapes.
Uh, the series depicted Ronald, Grimace, Birdie, the Hamburglar,
and here's where we start to lose the plot a little bit.
A few new characters like Ronald's pessimistic dog, Sunday.
Well, hold on.
Wait, what?
Why would your dog-
How could you-
How could you live-
Okay, you're a puppy named Sunday who lives in a place called McDonaldland
and you're pessimistic?
Surrounding us.
How dare you?
I don't know, Ronald.
Even real living dogs in the Earth realm,
not in the Dark realm where Mc- where Hamburgerland takes place.
Not in the Upside Down.
Not in the Upside Down.
Fucking real dogs are not pessimistic unless they used to be Kevin Spacey
and they got transformed by magic and are having a hard time finding their way home.
Pessimistic is not a characteristic I've ever heard attributed to a dog.
Yeah, my dog's one of those real, real, uh, uh,
feeding dish half empty types of mutts.
These videos would begin in live action
in what resembled a futuristic McDonaldland.
Fuck that.
Then the characters would enter a tube or other means of travel.
They would become animated.
Hey, ClaskeySuba, I think you might be trying a little bit too hard.
Seems like maybe the pre-production phase went on a little bit too long for this series.
Maybe you should just, like, chill out a little bit.
How much premise do you need for your animated series about McDonalds?
How much grimace premise do you need?
I'm pretty sure people already bought into the McDonald's brand enough
that you didn't have to say, like, hey, you guys, let's really sell them on this cartoon.
You guys realize they haven't been McDonaldland commercials since 2004?
Isn't that weird?
Doesn't it seem like they're still around?
No, dog.
I want to be the first to update this article
because the last section covers the last 11 years of history
and it says that they've been phased out,
but the McDonaldland characters continue to appear at McDonald's play areas,
decorative seats for children's birthday parties, and bibs.
The only Ronald McDonald, Bertie, Grimace, and Hamburglar appear in them.
They also appear in some soft drink cups until 2008.
They do, however, still appear as cookies in pouches,
respectfully titled McDonaldland Cookies.
As of today, the characters-
Rawr, rawr.
They're still burning through the same McDonaldland cookies that they made in 2002.
Guaranteed, absolutely.
As of today, the characters appear on the windows of some McDonald's restaurants.
Modern commercials nowadays usually depict Ronald McDonald alone in real world situations.
So lonely, so all alone.
So alone, exiled from his land,
whether he visits a local restaurant
or goes to visit sick children at a Ronald McDonald house.
So like, I want to be the person who's like,
oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, park, park, park, pull over, pull over.
Check that window.
That's a grimace.
I'm putting this on Wikipedia.
Yeah, we found him.
We found him.
That's another spot spotting.
Is Mayor McCheese, is his first name Mayor?
Does he actually have the title of Mayor or is his name just Mayor?
I mean, but I'm looking, I've been doing some deep white googling
and character description,
Mayor of McDonaldland, the cheesiest burger in town.
Is that how he got elected?
Was there no like, proper vote?
There's like, who's the cheesiest burger?
Is this Ed Wynn-sounding motherfucker?
According to the same Wiki that Justin and I are now the only two active users on
in the whole internet,
he's portrayed as a giggly, bumbling, and somewhat incompetent mayor.
Well.
Based on H.R. Puff and stuff,
while the character was dropped during the streamlining of characters in the mid-80s.
He died. He did die, I guess.
He died.
I guess he did die.
I have a hard time picking out his affiliation here,
but I feel like libertarian.
That would be my, yeah, that would be my thinking.
Oh, I'm actually looking here.
It says Bull Moose Party.
I'm basing that on almost nothing,
but I imagine like, people would come to him and be like,
Mayor McCheese, what are the laws?
It's fucking chaos out here.
Nobody's telling anybody what to do.
And he's like, yep, exactly.
And he like picks off one of his own sesame seeds and eats it.
No gods, no kings, only food.
No, says the man in Burger King.
Does the sweat of my pickle belong to the bourgeoisie?
Is the grease of my own bun on it?
No, says Dave Thomas.
No, says Long John Silver.
No, says the man behind Captain D's, whose name I don't know.
It probably starts with a D.
It probably starts with a D, he's probably a captain.
It seems your cup of Sprite has gone empty.
You can refill it at the Fountainhead.
Welcome to my play place.
Stupid.
This is a dumb fucking podcast.
It's a dumb podcast.
Hey brothers, I have a query, which I could use a little help with.
My boyfriend and I have been going out for almost a year now and are talking about moving in together.
One problem, he lives out of his car.
Which has been cool.
I just think of what his head sounds like.
Because if you think about it, he's had a one hamburger, anyway.
It's gotta be bad.
Oh, you're talking about the Mayor McCheese.
Mayor McCheese, one problem.
Okay, let me start over.
Not this man who lives in, I thought you were saying this person who lives in his car.
No, Mayor McCheese's head, it's gotta be rough by now.
I've been dating Mayor McCheese for about a year now.
He lives out of his car, he hasn't had much work lately.
Hey brothers, I have a query, which I could use a little help with.
My boyfriend and I have been going out for almost a year now and are talking about moving in together.
One problem, he lives out of his car.
Which has been cool, I have my own place too.
But the closer my lease is to ending, the more I notice when we talk about living together,
the conversation sometimes ends up being about which van would be easiest for two people to live in.
While I'm all for reducing my environmental impact, I was kind of hoping, what?
It's a van?
Sorry, go ahead, but it is a van.
It is a van.
My house is cool because it doesn't consume gasoline to go.
I was kind of hoping to live somewhere with a toilet.
So how do I tell him we're not living in a car without squashing his sense of freedom?
That's from cramped in California.
I don't, okay, so this is going to be a real tough one because I don't want to,
I don't want to harsh anybody's mellow.
I don't want, if this is his lifestyle and he's like into it, I don't get it personally.
But, but there, okay, but there's, there's, there's some room here to discuss
because the thing is, it's like compromise and like a little bit of giving 60-40,
as Justin has talked about before.
It's very important here because I feel like there is a,
there is a middle ground between living in a car and living in like a three bedroom, two bathroom.
Like-
You know what that ground, you know what that ground is called?
It's tiny house.
Tiny home movement.
I'm saying you could do tiny house that has a bathroom, has a toilet, has a tiny kitchen.
Like feels like a tiny, it's not for me, God knows.
But like this, or, or like a studio apartment even where it's like-
Oh no, even better, even better.
There's a new HDTV show because of course there's an HDTV show
about literally any kind of container in which you can store yourself
and your things and your loved ones.
And there's one about houses that are also boats and I think it's called Boat Home.
Yeah, you could be on Boat Home.
You could be on Boat Home in a boat home, dude.
Boat Home, Alabama.
What if you tell him you want to do a tiny home and he decides to be a smart ass
and you just come up one day and he's just taking the wheels off?
Like there, mission accomplished.
We live in a tiny home.
No, because there are certain things that make a home and it's love and a bathroom.
Me and my significant other, we celebrate the big car movement.
It's better than a small car to live in, but Jesus, not much.
Boat Home, Boat Home.
How great would it be to be in a boat home?
You're just like in the docks in Baltimore.
You're just like, I'm done with Baltimore.
Unhook, bye.
Well, there's the other side of that where you wake up in the morning like,
oh shit, we forgot to tie off.
I miss Baltimore.
Hey guys, family meeting on the poop deck.
We don't live in Baltimore anymore.
Neptune has decided for us.
That's really good because if you need a toilet, it's right there.
It's called the ocean.
It's called the ocean.
You just pop that, pop open the hole in the bottom of the boat.
Oh no, our belongings.
Why do birds have toilets?
Yeah.
Think about it.
Yeah, I know.
It's our pride, man.
If you guys could have a boat home, what would it be?
A full yacht home?
Are you kidding me?
Oh no, that's too, let's set a reasonable budget.
Oh, okay.
Well, you didn't-
$150.
I would want to live on a super massive boat that's 100 miles long.
No, Trav.
Okay, if I can't do pirate boat home.
No.
I would like to do, I'd like to go the other way then and do full like
big river Tom Sawyer, just like a raft home.
Oh, no roof, just right?
Just me just out there with my friend Jim.
Just looking up at the stars.
And probably really hungry because we don't have a refrigerator or any way to store food.
We don't have a toilet or anything, yeah.
Could I just do, could I just get an RV and attach some really good balloons to it
and just float that shit?
Like Lazy Up?
Yeah.
Just float that RV.
Up to open ocean?
Up to with fewer balloons because the first one stressed me out.
I remember watching Up one just going like, oh, God, that's a lot of balloons.
Are there going to be that many the whole time?
Shit.
Wait, it was the sheer number of balloons bothering you?
Did you see, do you remember watching Up and like when the house first opens up
and you're like, oh, he's going to float the house on some balloons.
But then there's like a million fucking balloons and you're just like, oh, man,
that's way too many balloons to even look at.
I don't know what you mean.
Did you see the fucking movie?
Yeah.
Yeah.
A lot of people stopped watching it after that very sad intro that you had to pay your
tears tax for, but then you get, so a lot of people quit and they don't even know how
many fucking balloons there were that popped out of that house, but there were so many
and I just, I tried, I looked at them and I tried to count all of them and I was like,
this is a fool's errand.
Because there were too many balloons.
So many balloons, it just got me so anxious.
You know what I'm talking about?
Right?
Yeah.
Balloons would start popping during that movie and like would fall out off the house and
I'd be like, oh, thank God, more balloons that I don't have to worry about.
But when they had the maximum number of balloons right there at like sort of like 25 minutes
into the movie, I was like, fuck, that's way too many, way too many balloons.
I don't want to live on a historic boat that we get some people coming by to like check
it out.
What about a ferry that's in operation?
So every day you just have thousands of visitors.
Welcome to my ferry.
Would you like to play a video game with me?
Oh, that's nice.
We could play like some euchre, you know, just like it's so nice to have visitors.
Please take your shoes off on the ferry.
I would like to live on some kind of boat that no one believes that a human being should
be living on.
Like what, Travis?
I don't know.
Like maybe like one of those submarines that they use in planet Earth to go down and look
at like the stuff way, way down there.
And it's just big enough for like one and a half people.
And it's got tiny portals.
I would like for that to be my it's like a tiny boat home movement.
That's what I'm going for.
We're getting away from the point.
Should this person live in their significant other's car?
No.
Who's fan are they going to live in?
I mean, I really think tiny homes the way to go here.
I watch them and I just think like that would be so great.
I mean, it's not ideal for me.
I don't know that I could stand it.
But like, well, it's because you rip those cheesy blasters all the time, dog.
You blow the doors off the motherfucker.
Now, it's mostly that I would just be constantly like Harry and the Hendersons, like turning
around and knocking stuff off of everything all the time.
I do that now and I live in like a full sized home.
I can't imagine how much chaos I would wreak upon a tiny home, but it would not be good.
I would be like Alice in Alice in Wonderland, growing through with my arms and legs and
head poking out the sides and top.
Yeah, I love it.
And then you get your tummy cut open, you're a cake the whole time.
Exactly.
I don't like the tiny homes where they've built an extensive outdoor area.
It's like, hi, can you go home?
You're cheating.
Can you not?
That's my home.
That's part of my extended home, which is all outdoors.
We have to share that.
You can't claim it.
I would like to have a tiny home that lives in the yard of my full sized home, and it's
just like my retreat home just for me when I want to feel like a giant.
Just the exact replica of your current home?
Exactly the same, but like much smaller.
What else would you have in your very tiny home, Travis?
Tiny tables, tiny chairs, some tiny utensils.
But they're all tiny to different scales.
So the table is like for a mouse, but the chair is like for a dog.
And it's like, well, this is just, come on.
I don't want it to make sense.
I want it to be like a tiny fun house, you know what I mean?
And maybe one of the floors slanted, and it gets to feel like I'm in like a tiny mystery
house.
That's fun.
Why aren't there tiny mystery houses?
Why aren't there more?
Why?
Okay, why don't I have a house with a secret passage in it?
Why don't any houses have secret passages?
Well, yeah.
Oh, you know what'd be great?
A secret passage between your regular sized house and your tiny house so that when guests
like fall asleep, you just push them through the secret passage and they wake up in the
tiny house and they're like, what happened?
That's good.
I have a great fucking idea.
Okay, I'm ready.
You have to call the boyfriend's bluff by saying, oh, you want to live in a bigger vehicle?
I was thinking we would simplify.
I want to live with you, my darling love, on a horse, on a horse's back.
That will be our home.
That will be our home, an even smaller thing.
It's going to be a big, it'll have a big saddle on it and we'll have some saddle bags where
we'll keep one plate and one can of beans.
That shall sustain us for the rest of our lives.
That end our love on this, the back of a horse home.
Have you seen the new TV show Horse Home?
It's extremely short.
Each episode is like two minutes.
And June Jonathan is just like, this seems like a good horse.
Saddle up.
And that's a home now.
That's a good, have fun out there.
Be safe.
Do you want an umbrella or something?
Cause you know, okay.
Just the one can of beans.
Okay.
What's the horse going to eat?
You don't, the horse won't eat.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm not a horseologist, but I think they would love some of those beans.
But folks, that's going to do it for us.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself here on the My Brother, My Brother and Me podcast.
We're sorry if some parts were dumb.
We don't mean for it to be dumb.
You know, we're just doing our best out here.
We want to say thank you to, let's see, the maximum fun.org network.
We don't always give them top billing, but I want to take a moment to thank them for
all they've done for us and for having us on their network.
They've got a brand new show called tights and fights.
Hell yeah.
If you are a fan of wrestling at all, you're really going to enjoy this show.
It includes as hosts for starters, our dear friend, Hal, who is a very funny person and
great to play overwatch with highly recommended there.
It also includes Mike Eagle and Daniel Radford.
So you'll want to look for that wherever fine podcasts are sold.
Tyson fights is the name of that one.
It's about wrestling.
We also want to let you know our monikers game.
I believe it's still going.
How many more days do they have?
A handful, a handful, a small poultry handful by the time there will not be another episode
before it ends.
There are literally two days left as you're listening to this.
Do not sleep.
If you've been waiting till the last minute, this is the last minute.
Go to mackroycollection.com order that now because it's not going to be available.
Once that pre-order is done, it's gone.
I really want to hit this hard.
We have no plans to sell it as a product after this pre-order.
The only people that are going to get it are people that pre-order it.
I hope we've made it explicitly clear because I will shout down anybody who I won't shout
down, but you don't, don't wait until next week.
And it's like, oh, I should get, you cannot get it at that point.
It's only a pre-order.
It's the only way that we know how to make as many as we need.
A portion of all sales are going to go to grow Huntington, which is an organization
here in our home city that is fighting addiction with urban farming.
They actually just got their land and they are trying to get the money together to get
this urban farm going for people who are in addiction recovery.
It is, it is a great, great effort, and we hope to be able to support them a lot.
And every time you buy a copy of our game at mackroycollection.com, you are helping
to do that.
You can find more info on that group.
Grow Huntington.
That's G-R-O Huntington dot org.
The expansion is only ten dollars.
Help support us.
Help support Grow Huntington.
And, you know, get a fun game for you and your friends to play together.
mackroycollection.com.
Do not wait.
Go there now.
We wouldn't do this if the game sucked.
It's a fucking great game.
We played all the time.
OK, I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for using our theme song It's
Departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
We plug Max Fun.
We have other podcasts that we do both on and off Max Fun.
You can find all those at mackroyshows.com.
You can also find out how to get in touch with us.
I think Travis finally added my PO box info.
I did.
I did it.
Speaking of other podcasts, I did want to give a quick plug for it.
This is not a Max Fun show.
But my cousin, Michael, and my father-in-law, Tommy, just started a new podcast called Court
Appointed.
Michael's a lawyer, and the show is sort of about pop culture and how it intersects with
the law.
And you will learn things, but you're also going to have a lot of fun.
There's a lot of dad jokes, and it's a very funny podcast.
And I think you will very much enjoy it.
They are on iTunes.
Just search for Court Appointed.
The response to it has been really, really good.
And I think you'll really like it.
I think you'll really like it if you ever listen to Sawbones or Schmaners, which is
sort of that historical kind of comedy podcast.
I think you'll dig this.
It's sort of a legal take on that sort of structure.
I think you'll dig it.
It's called Court Appointed.
Check it totally out.
I do a show with my friend, Tybee, called Interrobang.
We are doing our first ever live show.
Saturday the 13th is when the live show is.
It's at the Three Clubs here in Los Angeles.
Tickets are only $8 at the door.
Come out.
It's going to be a really great time.
The show's at 730.
So if you're in L.A. and you want to come out and either check out a new podcast or
support a podcast you already like, the Three Clubs, 730, August 13th.
Come see Interrobang live for the first time ever anywhere.
Do you guys want that final?
Yes, please.
I'm ready.
Here it comes.
Sent in by level9000, Yaju Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by YajuAnswersUser.
J Money, 36, 116.
J Money asks,
What kind of apple juice comes in a small glass jar like the ones that were on the TV show, Martin?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I know what he's talking about.
Those shits was on Boy Meets World too.
You look good.
Beautiful little gloves and refreshment.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
You and my brother and my brother and me kiss your dad's grub on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Attention, you're up.
This fall, Maximumfun is bringing a bunch of your favorite podcasters to London.
Catch Judge John Hodgman, International Waters, and Bullseye,
all recording live episodes at the London Podcast Festival.
We'll have fan meetups and we'll be joined on stage by a glittering array of celebrity guests.
The London Podcast Festival runs September 22nd through 26th,
and you can buy your tickets right now.
Just go to Maximumfun.org.
