The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind on the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take your chance on me If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you got no place to go when you're feeling down If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown
Finally, just ten days in, the year can start. It's my brother and my brother and me, the advice show for the modern era.
Finally kicking off 2011, a belated start to the year.
New Year's Eve is technically, well, yesterday. Today is New Year's Day. It's time for New Year.
We're on a different calendar than most people.
Yeah, that Gregorian shit is bullshit.
No, no, no, no. We're on the Gregory Hines calendar.
What's that mean?
Gregory Hines came to me tap dancing in a dream. It was him and the other gentleman with the braids.
Ben Farine?
Ben Farine. No, yes. Ben Farine and Gregory Hines came to me in a dream and they said,
Son, New Year's starts on the date your people currently refer to as January 10th.
I mean, it's a dream.
You gotta do what happens in a dream. Everyone knows that.
Yeah, especially if Gregory Hines is up in the mix.
If Gregory Hines comes in, his charm cannot be contained by the ethereal realm.
His first show in 2011 started out really weird.
A weird my brother and my brother and me. What will they say?
So let's get into it. My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And we're going to take your questions and turn them into wisdom.
You're welcome.
You're welcome in advance.
Should we apologize for skipping a week?
You know what my New Year's resolution is?
Tell me.
No more apologizing.
No more apologizing. Live without apologies and think of all the time you'll save that you could be doing nice things.
I know.
I know a lot of people trying to make it up to them. Here we go.
What are some ways to get my shit right in the New Year?
This is appropriate other than the usual get fit or quit smoking or quit being cripply anti-social.
Also, what are some tips to stick with it and accomplish set goals instead of burning out halfway through February?
Oh, lethargic Leviticus.
I have a great answer for that.
Hit me.
Don't set specific goals.
Set large general goals like this year, I am going to take better care of myself.
This year, I am going to be more outgoing.
This year, I am going to be more adult.
So that way, oh, you can look back over the course of the year and say, you know, all in all, I did pretty good.
If you set something specific like this year, I'm going to run every day.
Well, then it only takes one day that you've broken that that resolution.
What if you did like a contract with allowances, right?
So you could say, I'm going to run every day with allowance to skip one day every four days.
And then you don't have to do it.
But if you do do it, then you can keep like the whole thing isn't isn't forfeit.
Yeah, that's the thing.
You got to remember, this is a self-imposed restriction.
Like there's no, you know, there's no like body of government over your resolution.
So you're going to fail.
No, that's legally binding.
Travis, legally binding.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I know.
What do you think state legislators do all day?
They don't they don't write laws.
That's up to the big boys.
State legislators, they take people's new year's resolutions and they turn them into law law that that person has to then abide by.
It's like you've never seen schoolhouse rock.
Try to keep up.
I feel cool.
I'm doing a new thing this year where I I make it's called an incremental resolution.
I just resolve to make things a little better.
And what you do is each day you make one less shitty choice than you did yesterday.
So like today, today, yesterday, I ate like crap, but I rode my exercise bike today.
I didn't ride the exercise bike.
So I had some granola for breakfast.
It's like nice.
You built.
So you have a policy of canceling yourself out.
Yes.
My policy is.
That's pretty good.
If you want to be back to point zero at the end of the year, like just above you.
I just want to hover around the same baseline.
What if you made a resolution to ride your bike once this year?
I think through happenstance, you'll end up on a bike like even maybe in some sort of wacky escape scenario where you're like going through a big pile of watermelons, you know, leaping over it to escape.
The feds are trying to chase you down for writing that fake blank check for a million dollars to yourself because that goon hit your bike with a car.
So I think what you're saying is also this year, 2011, your resolutions either need to be really general or incredibly minutely specific.
Right, right.
This year I wear a red sock.
I've been eating a multivitamin every morning with my breakfast, which is now a banana and a plain bagel with cream cheese and a glass of orange juice and one multivitamin.
And I have to say, I feel like a million bucks.
I don't I don't eat super healthy, so it's like a supplementary vitamin for like people like me who, you know, maybe can't can't climb all the steps of the food pyramid.
They get hung up at the bottom and they jump right up to sugars and fats to build their home there.
And I gotta say, I feel great.
I feel more limber.
My bones don't ache as much anymore.
The scurvy is cleaned up.
I'm growing a beard now, too.
It's got a nice sheen on my cheeks.
I would almost bet that's not true.
I've resolved this year my my New Year's resolution.
And it's something I mean, I've gotten complaints about it mostly in my workplace, in my personal life.
And so I've decided it's time to finally take care of it.
And I'm going to I'm going to try to cut back or stop altogether on trying to throw it off to ludicrous.
That is so important.
You know, we tend to rely on that, I think, in our modern day society.
Our listeners don't don't don't get this because I edit the show with I go I have to go through with a fine tooth comb to get all the times you try to throw it off to ludicrous.
Yeah. And it's really like two or three times every minute.
Yeah. I'm just like, Luda.
Yeah. And then the show just grinds to a halt.
You point to the side, but like, we can't see you.
Yeah. We don't know what you're doing.
And he just looks at me and goes, not this time.
Oh, God, it's frustrating.
The straw that broke the camel's back. You have to like think that ludicrous is somewhere like remotely feeling you like he remotely feels you trying to trying to get.
You've got to see him like nodding nodding his head like he's into the beat and he's ready to jump in there.
Yeah. That straw that broke the camel's back was Travis tried that move in the boudoir in the bedroom.
Yeah. And it was.
Yeah. You don't want to try that with your lady.
So let's get another question.
I think we've I think we've answered that one pretty well.
I if I try to talk to my best friend about serious stuff like goals or college job, etc.
He just evades the questions and doesn't produce any opinion.
How do I get him to acknowledge life beyond games, anime, Internet and pop culture?
Help brothers. We could use your love.
Concerned hipster.
Hmm. This is the most exciting time to be alive ever, I think, and we have the luxury of not worrying so much about the day to day.
You know, there are people in third world countries who would love to be able to sit around and worry about games and anime and Internet and pop culture.
Maybe you just embrace it.
Yeah, I I have a couple of friends where I know that that friendship is based on.
We watch all the same TV shows and have read all the same books.
I mean, I don't need to constantly be hanging out with people going.
So what about that war in Iraq?
Like you could sometimes just talk about the Simpsons like that's completely OK.
In fact, I find that people who try so hard to like force those conversations down my throat are typically not my good friends are typically the people that I I, you know, that yell things at me from park benches.
Yeah. So I think what you need to do is maybe just kind of take stock of what kind of friendship is this?
And maybe you guys just don't have that.
I'm having a terrible day kind of relationship.
Maybe you just have I saw an awesome episode of Blank last night.
Let's talk about it.
Yeah, maybe you're his sometimes friend who he likes to talk about those things with.
And maybe he has another friend that he talks about serious stuff with and you you should have that, too.
Also, like, that's not really stuff, especially as you get older and and your your social dynamic starts to change, I don't think friends are like the people you always want to talk to about that stuff.
Like dump that stuff on your on your on your loved one, you know, your friends, your friends.
You should be all about partying down, getting totally crazy.
Mm hmm. Getting get bananas, you know, to get. What if you just flipped it on him, though? Whoa.
What if you just flipped it? Like, what if you're talking about the latest anime that you guys watched on a man?
I believe it's on me on a man up here on a mom.
What if you were watching, you know, one of your cartoons and like you just say all of a sudden you're just like an enemy.
I hate you both so much. Yahoo Answers.
We're your enemies now, right? Enemies. Yes.
But hey, it's the first Yahoo answer of the new year.
This is a cinema by Cal. I'm not going to go on until both of you stop.
I'm sorry, Griffin. I'm sorry. Please go on. I know this game.
Yahoo Answers user Mr. Lizard needs to know. Are you pronouncing that right?
Yep. I think it's I know because there's a picture of a lizard company.
He asks, Do I need to wear pants under my snuggie blanket when I wear it to work on casual Friday?
The infomercial shows druid like people wearing them to sporting events and around a campfire, but it's not clear what to wear underneath.
Also, any ideas to accessorize the snuggie? I have access to a bedazzler.
Well, yes, obviously, that's a step that you should take.
They send a free one with your snuggie. Hey, why don't you bedazzle? You're just gonna be around the house.
Yeah. Yeah. It would be irresponsible for you not to bedazzle that shit.
Yeah. I think I think snuggies should be like vampires in that if they touch sunlight, they should burst into flames instantly.
They should. You should never wear a snuggie out of the house ever, ever, ever, ever.
If you do that, you're done. Like, that's it. You're done.
Unless unless you get invited to a party that specifically is listed as snuggie formal.
Like a snuggie party. I could get down with that. Yeah, like a snuggie party.
Sometimes, like, I get too drunk at a party. I just want to go to sleep.
Snuggies like a bed that you walk around in.
Like, that sounds great. And if you've never been to a snuggie orgy, that shit's awesome.
Oh, man. And it's very safe, too. Yeah, so safe. Because there's no flaps in the front.
Well, there's no flaps. There's actually zero genital to genital contact at all.
A lot of static electricity, though. A lot of sparks flying.
Which reminds me, if you're looking for the perfect way to accessorize your snuggie, how about dick hole?
A bedazzled dick hole.
Who's that peeping at you through the window?
Oh, he looks as snuggly as the snuggie. Get up. I'm not a snuggie for your penis.
This is a snuggie attached to the...
See, this is tricky territory because... Hey, does that feel good to you, baby?
It feels tartany, actually. It feels like a tartan. Is there a tartan down there?
Whatever size your snuggie dick hole is, people are going to be able to tell.
Like, they'll be able to eyeball your dick, even when it's not hanging out.
They can see your snuggie bedazzled dick hole and can just work it out, can figure it out.
So, I don't know. Maybe if you're secure in your...
You could just bedazzle the words, not much, over the penis hole.
Look elsewhere. And you know what the great thing about that is?
If you turn it around, you're in for the snuggliest bowel movement of your life.
Just get your aim right. Get your line up right. I cannot stress this enough.
Get your line up right, because that will be the end of your snuggie party.
Oh, that snuggie's done. Burn that snuggie.
You should have burned it anyway, because you wore it out of the house.
But now burn it, like, officially now. Definitely now.
I don't know. Maybe it would be... Maybe snuggies are the jam. I've never worn one.
I feel like... I'd be careful playing with fire. You put one of those on.
I like blankets. I know, me too. I like robes.
You should test it out. Just get a robe and put it on backwards and see...
Just take it for a test drive. You think? Yeah.
Can we stop the show for a second? Let me... Yeah, just go put one on and see...
I'm doing it right now.
I think that snuggie is, like, moving to your retirement community,
because once you do it, you're done. That's it.
You're not going to do anything else. That's it. You're done. You're out.
And also, every conversation is always going to end as soon as you say the words,
you know, I own a snuggie, and nope, you're done. You're out of that conversation.
It's a secret shame. You've got to keep it to yourself.
I have been seeing an amazing girl for around a month, Griffin,
and we recently made it official... Now, wait a second.
That is in the email. I swear to God.
We recently made it official that we are dating.
I really can't say enough good things about her, how she makes me feel.
I know she loves... She feels the same way,
and she's often told me that she can see herself falling for me.
This is all brand new to me. I've never had this deep of a connection with a woman,
and I find myself wanting to tell her that I love her.
I know after only a month, this isn't the best thing to do,
and I don't want to scare her off,
but I need to get the wisdom of the three brothers on this topic.
What is it okay to say, I love you, to your S.O.?
You guys have fun with this one?
I'm going to go buy, like, nine or ten snuggies.
This question, nine or ten snuggies, depressed me.
On a scale of one to ten snuggies.
How depressed are you?
This is my girlfriend, Darlene. I made her out of snuggies.
She's super cuddly, and different colors.
Matt, I am so familiar with your situation right now
that halfway through your question, I wanted to start Googling you
and trying to find out how I can contact you to tell you to stop
the terrible thing you're about to do.
This is one of those things that, the trick of it,
the problem of it is, there is no right time.
You got to feel it out, and that shit is hard as shit.
Like, there is no, there's no light bulb,
or she's not going to look at you and say,
you should tell me you love me now.
Yeah, I'm ready. Give it, hit me with that.
It's just not going to happen.
It's the kind of thing, as you're stumbling along
in this darkness of life, you have to figure it out
on your own, and it's terrifying.
Matt, words are easy.
Words, words, you can open your mouth,
and they slip out, and whatever.
What I would say is, actions are the difficult,
more meaningful thing.
So don't say the words until you find yourself acting like it.
When you find yourself putting her before yourself,
acting in such a way that is, where she is in your mind
when you're making your decisions,
that is acting like you love somebody.
And that's the more important thing.
And don't say the words until you find yourself acting that way.
Words are easy.
We exist in a society that throws around the word love a lot.
I love baseball, I love my friends, I love my dog.
So it is through actions.
Also, I would suggest waiting until it's not that you want to say
I love you, but that you need to say I love you.
That you look at her, and it's like, I can't not say it.
I am so overwhelmed in this moment with feelings for you
that I have to say this thing.
God, this is some pussy shit you guys are talking about.
And the emotions are like a big egg in your chest,
and it just breaks open, and the love comes out your mouth.
Griffin has a bad idea of romance and biology.
Griffin's flipped on us, and he's become a love Scrooge.
Just like that.
He no longer believes in the miracle.
It's just BS.
I'll tell anybody I love them, but I won't say that I'm in love with them,
because that's a whole other tier.
That's a whole other tier.
T-I-E-R-N-T-E-R.
You're shitting on us for semantics, is that what I'm talking about?
It's not semantics, that's fucking, that's some shit.
And so that way, when you break up with her, you can say,
listen, I know how it sounded, but technically,
I never said I was in love with you, so I'm scot-free.
Yeah, you see people making fun of that, but I hear somebody say,
I love you, but I'm not in love with you.
Yeah, totes. That's a different thing.
That's a different thing.
That's two different things.
It's like, I'm hungry and I'm sad.
Those are two different things.
Matt, save it for when you need to rescue the relationship.
Save that card.
There's no reason to just burn that one.
Maybe you made out with one of her friends.
What if you don't fuck that bad?
It's bad.
That is one get-out-of-jail-free card
you do not want to deploy unless you need to.
But it is important that you don't say it like this.
I love you?
That never goes over well.
Don't make it a question.
Another way not to say it.
I love you.
You don't want to make yourself the only person.
That's going to build a dependency.
Don't whisper it, either, if it's your first time.
If you're going to do it, just do it.
Don't whisper it.
Skywriting.
Don't say it unless you're at a jumbotron.
If there's a jumbotron on the two of you, then say it.
You're not going to have a choice in the matter
of what you say to you, and you won't be able to control
the love and your love output.
Griffin, you're going to be visited by three ghosts tonight.
The first...
My chains.
My chains are so big.
Metaphorical and literal.
He's going to be visited by the ghost
of John Cusack.
My name is Mike,
and my wife's name is Darlene.
She's made of Snuggies.
She's made of Snuggies.
She's also Mike and Darlene,
and her brother's name, Mike.
Wait for it.
She wants to name our kids Mike and Darlene,
but I think it's a bad idea.
Am I overreacting?
He didn't sign it, but I'm going to guess it's Mike.
Hey, Mike.
That's a wicked bad idea.
Yeah.
His full name is Mike Mike Darlene.
Hi, I'm Darlene Micerson.
The third.
This is my brother, Mike.
His sister, Darlene.
And our dog, Mark.
Yeah, it's hard
family reunions.
Somebody says Mike in the whole house just burns down.
What?
Who? What?
What if every Mike you've ever known
is in this, like, up in the mix, up in this family?
What if this is like some sort of,
I don't know, some sort of legacy?
Or a cult.
Griffin, listen.
I know this is weird to say
at this time.
It's the holidays and everything, but I have to tell you something.
Okay.
I saw Mike making out with Darlene.
No.
No, no.
That's either incest or adultery.
No, I saw Mike making out with Darlene.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
What are you overreacting?
You are underreacting if you're
taking the time to write to us instead of
filing divorce proceedings.
There's no way.
There's no way that that conversation doesn't go like this.
Fuck it.
Let's just call him Mike and Darlene.
Like, there's no way it was like a
coincidence that you came up with those names.
It's so much deeper than this because you're assuming that everybody in this situation
had a choice of what the next
generation of people's names are going to be, right?
So Mike and Darlene are either the
parents of Mike or Darlene,
but whoever that child was
had to go out in the world and find another person
named Mike and Darlene that they can marry.
They're getting a fucking name monopoly.
Yeah.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, I've played it.
Listen, guys.
This is bad, Mike.
If we can call you Mike.
Why don't you suggest
naming the boy Darlene and the girl Mike?
I love it.
Tell me that's the only condition under which you'll accept it.
Mike is
M-Y-K-E
E
and Darlene
you spell M-I-K-E.
It's pronounced Darlene.
It's pronounced Darlene.
There's a silent Mike
and an invisible
Darlene in there.
You know, silent Mike and invisible Darlene
are my favorite new rap duo of 2010.
Did you hear their new album?
It was an EP. It was a very limited release, but it was really good.
You could only buy it if your name was Mike or Darlene.
Hey, I have a Yahoo answer.
Hey, in short, Mike, get out.
Go ahead, Griffin.
This one was sent in by Jenna Dar.
Thank you, Jenna.
It's by Yahoo Answers user IcedTeaLemonFry.
Who says?
There's a lot going on there.
Is it dangerous
to get a hickey
right above the heart?
My best friend and I wish to give each other
a hickey right above where the heart is placed.
Would this cause any sort of damage
to the blood circulation around there?
Or any type of damage to our bodies?
Sorry if this sounds foolish,
but I care for them so much
and wouldn't want to place their life in any sort of danger.
I like how they just casually throw out
the weirdest part of that question.
Yeah.
It's just me and my buddy.
We're just sitting around playing hickey games, you know?
Oh, God.
Hickey tag.
It's just some hickeys between friends.
What?
Listen, I love the idea that you and I have had
of sucking on each other's chest muscles
until a hickey develops, but I need to ask
Yahoo Answers to see if that's going to do some detrimental harm.
I've got the shivers.
Yeah, it's bad, right?
There's a lot of, like, when you're doing that,
first of all, don't
put your mouth there.
Second,
do you know the proximity of
my heart to my armpit?
How many mouths I want down there?
Zero mouths.
Yeah, I don't care.
Boyfriend, girlfriend,
just keep your mouth away from there. I'm ticklish.
Yeah, and just to clear up,
I don't care if these two friends
are a man and a man, a woman and a woman,
or a man and a woman.
It doesn't matter. It's creepy as shit.
What are you doing?
What are you doing? Stop that.
Put it down.
How is that even an idea that comes up?
Oh, I'm bored. Do you want to watch
another episode of Daria? No, fuck it.
Just put it right above my heart.
Until a bruise develops.
Do they mean above my heart?
Like, the
skin that covers the heart?
You mean like, aorta?
Or like, right above?
Yeah, right. The aorta skin.
Hey, iced tea lemon fry. Aorta not do that.
Hey, if there was a top 40
song
on the charts called Hickey on My Heart,
who would have written it? Justin Bieber.
See, that's where I went to.
Maybe Justin Bieber, maybe Avril Lavigne.
Or maybe like a Toby Keith, because it could be like a country
standard.
Yeah, maybe John Michael Montgomery
would write a song called Hickey on My Heart.
Yeah, by the way, title of this episode,
we found it.
The danger would be
if sucking on your friend's chest
until it gave me Hickey didn't kill him.
That's the only thing that I'm worried about at this point.
And then, secondary danger,
if anyone noticed.
Yeah.
What the fuck is that on your chest?
No, it's okay. I have a matching one, Mom.
Oh, okay. This is my good friend
Douglas. I like him very much.
We are friends.
What if the vacuum
effect, like, pulls a little bit of
armpit in your mouth? That's like...
God, that's the...
What if your aim is off, and you pull
up, and you got a nipple in your mouth?
Oh.
Well, now you're married.
I'm not saying that is how it works, Travis.
I'm not saying, like,
you rip off their armpit. I'm saying, like,
I don't know what my armpit tastes like, but it can't be great.
Yeah.
It can't be great.
Mine tastes like Lady Secret deodorant.
Yeah. Yeah? Yeah.
It's strong enough for a man.
Mine tastes like stump. It's been a rough week.
I don't want to talk about it.
Hey, guys.
I've been dating my girlfriend for almost
two years now, and I like her a lot.
However, every time we start to take
a nap or go to bed, she wants
to talk instead of going to sleep.
Women. Women.
I do want to stop right here and say
normally I don't like to answer
questions from people who are living in
a sinful situation,
but I am going to continue for this special case.
She does the same thing
in the morning if she wakes
up before me. I'm pretty sure
killing her to shut the fuck up would be a bad idea.
Would it?
So I need a good one. You're pretty
sure? I know communication
is key to any relationship,
but sleeping is key to me
not being an asshole. Thanks,
sleepy sugar daddy.
Well,
the bad news is
you done waited too long.
You've set a precedent now. You should
have said that right away.
First time you guys spend the night together, and she wanted to talk
to you. She was like, no, I go sleepy
now, but now it's too late.
Now you just got to keep doing it for the
rest of your life. Unfortunately,
if she says me go sleepy now, you are
dating a five-year-old,
and that's a crime.
That is a crime.
You should be in
jail for that.
How about
just I have a big day tomorrow?
He's got to have a big day every day, and she
knows that's not true.
I'm an astronaut now.
Big news, honey. I'm an astronaut, and I need
to turn. What about this?
Turn in a little earlier.
Just that way you can talk to her.
Spend some quality time
there, and then
and then
you can put something in her drink.
Oh, or you can go with
Travis's method, which is always
comes up with the worst ideas. Put something
in a drink. That's a great idea. Travis
always like he makes like
antifreeze. You just make a jump to
felonious like with no provocation.
I am saying antifreeze.
Fucking kill her!
Kill her, bury her in the yard! Yeah, get it!
Sleep it!
Sleep in the yard! Lord of the
Flies! No rules!
Why?
He's supposed to go to sleep because he's tired.
Hit her with a rock.
Hit her with a rock!
He tries to run to caveman,
but he can sleep it.
Okay, caveman.
Listen, sleepy sugar daddy.
When you're in
a relationship, you gotta meet her
halfway. Imagine this email
that we were to get. What if our next email
was from Talkative Terry
and she said,
I love my boyfriend so much
and I like to unwind at
night by talking to him, but every time
I try to tell him about my day and my deepest desires
and my secret fears,
he goes to sleep.
That hurts my feelings. How can I deal with that?
See, you just gotta flip it.
You're in a relationship now, dog. You gotta meet her halfway.
You'll get your sleep. Don't you worry.
Let me give you some real advice that won't land you
in prison. Sit down to dinner
with her every night and talk about
her day then. You know, like,
make a time when you're not trying to
sleep to actually speak to her. Talk her
fucking ear off. Yeah.
Then cut her ear off and sleep it!
Sleep with her ear!
Let me tell you this. Let me tell you this, sleepy
daddy. Just dump her.
I sleep like a king every night.
I sleep when I want. Like a lonely
lonely king. The only
person I sleep with is the
Pizziz application in my phone.
Uh, pillow dampened
with tears.
Listen, let me
hit you with another idea.
Turn it on her.
So if she starts talking,
let her talk herself out and then
demand that she talk more.
And just keep, like, play chicken with her.
See who will fold. I guarantee you
she'll eventually say, listen, I
have to work tomorrow. I have to
go to sleep. And then you'll have won.
And she doesn't want to get into that game with you every night.
She knows. She knows what will happen if she starts
talking. You'll make her talk all
night. I think, I haven't
been in a relationship. That's a risk reward if I ever
heard it, but good luck. I haven't been in a relationship
in a long time, but if I remember correctly,
the secret to a healthy relationship is
besting. Uh, is
besting your partner. Yeah. And
acts like this in a series of physical and mental
challenges. That's what that's what a relationship
is. Love is like double dare in more
ways than one. Because you
know what? You know what? It's
messy. Yeah, it is messy.
And sometimes you gotta go elbow deep
to find the flag.
What is Mark?
Summers is always there and Mark Summers is always
there watching in a cheap suit.
Sometimes. Sometimes you get a
trip. Sometimes you get a trip to Universal
Studios. Sometimes you get gacked.
No big deal.
No biggie. Don't worry about it. Past the giant
waffle. Uh, I'm a Canadian
and I recently decided to pack my
bags and move away to America.
But every time I go to the States,
I'm immediately singled out as being
the Canadian. Can you give me some
pointers on how to blend in with my new American
neighbors? Leaving the beaver,
eh?
I gotta say something. Tell me.
I think Canadians are like royalty
in my mind. Anytime I meet someone
and they're like, oh I'm Canadian,
my opinion of them is
just so high. I've never met a Canadian that
I didn't like.
Yeah, I think we're past the point in
society where Canadians are
made fun of. I think you guys are doing
okay. Yeah, you're awesome. You guys have
the best movies, the best games, the best music.
You guys are killing it up there.
And you gave us Rick
Moranis. Yeah.
And you know, it's not the worst thing in the world
you know,
you're moving to a new place.
At least people have
something to remember you with. Like people
you'll make an impression on people. You're a Canadian person.
I don't know that many Canadian people. I would
remember if someone I knew was Canadian. And it's
a great starter to a conversation.
You know, like someone hears
you say a boot or a and they're like,
oh are you Canadian? Oh Travis, that's a
terrible stereotype. You're racist.
They don't say a boot? No.
They don't. Then can I say a boot?
Yeah, you can say. You take it back.
Yay! Yay! You're reclaiming it.
Now burn it and smash it with a
hammer. Bury it in the lawn.
Yeah, there's someone who singles you
out as a Canadian.
Give them poison maple syrup
and then bury them
in the lawn. Like Travis, that's
I've never said that. You've
said it all the time.
We have an important, like a public service
that I think the three of us should
stop and talk about.
It is
a very important month this month.
Which by the way, I think
we should do this every month. Because every
month has some level of importance to it.
I don't know. I think we should start out in January
and just talk about and give people
some helpful tips. I'm sure you guys already know what we're talking
about. SeriousSam24
actually clued me into this. Twitter user
SeriousSam24. Thank you.
It is
National Bath Safety Month.
Oh thank Jesus.
Yeah, I know. It seems like it was just last month.
But no, it's January. Just like it is
every year. I
think that we should stop and maybe talk
a little bit about bath
safety and why it's so important.
Justin, I know you have
a presentation if you'd like to start it off.
Yeah, probably the first time
that I felt like an old person
was when I went to Lowe's
and I had to ask
the person in the vest
if they could point me to those.
So I said, the strips that help
you not fall down.
Hey guys,
don't laugh. Don't laugh. It's not funny.
When you get to that point, like you get
to the point where
you are actively
considering the possibility that you could fall down
the tub and hit your head and not
get back up, you're really
embracing your own mortality.
Like that feeling of invincible
thing, that is kaputski.
It's super important. What you're
saying is, it's very, very important, Justin.
I agree with that. But
that is technically for
shower safety month, and that is April.
So everyone knows that
putting those things down in your bathtub ruins
it, ruins its capacity for bathing
because it's like sitting on football cleats
after that.
You're more worried about those people that still
shower with electronics sitting around the tub.
Again, shower safety month
is April. We're talking about
pools of water that people soak in.
So they bathe with electronics
sitting around the tub, or they bathe
whilst
trying to, I don't know,
skin carrots or something.
So you would say...
Don't prepare food
in the bathtub. It's like you guys have
never given a public service announcement before.
It's like playing poker with my sister's kids. Do you want me
to do one? Yeah.
Let me do one.
A hundred people every year
get sucked down the drain.
Get fucking...
look sharp.
See? That's all you needed.
They can play that. They can syndicate that on the radio.
Oh, okay. Do you want to try again?
Yeah, let me try. I'll give it some...
So this would be like free publicity for us, right?
Yeah, totally.
In fact, if you even want to say like our names or like the name
of the show, and then...
Hey,
you're falling asleep in the bathtub
and you're probably going to drown.
Wake up!
My brother, my brother, and me?
Good, good, good, good. Was that good?
Uh-huh. Travis?
You know, it's all fun and games to relax
in the shower, but always
be vigilant for bathtub
sharks. My brother, my brother, and me.
That's good.
I want to try again.
Edit that last one out. That wasn't good.
I will cut it out. They will cut it out.
All right. I want to try one.
I don't have...
I don't have a good one.
God damn it, Justin.
I'm sorry. I thought I had...
This is so difficult.
Six people just died in the bath because of you.
Yeah.
They fell asleep because of
how boring and awful you are.
All right. Here we go.
If your fingers are pruney,
that means it's the sin coming out.
Ask Jesus. I love you.
My brother, my brother, and me?
What?
That's brilliant. You just saved
some lives. That's good because it's got
a religious message, but also
remind people that earthly love is real,
and it's mine.
How about this? How about this?
Okay.
The temperature of your water shouldn't exceed
115 degrees, or else it'll
flake the flesh off of your bones.
And your baby's bones.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't jerk off in the bathtub.
That's awful. My brother, my brother, and me.
That washes down the drain
and goes and mixes with everybody's water.
And then you get somebody
pregnant and have to pay child support.
My brother, my brother, and me.
The water you're in right now
is like zero, zero, zero, zero,
zero, point, zero, zero, zero percent
cum.
Have a good bath.
You'll never be clean again.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Is that good?
Have we done enough to help you think at this point?
I feel like
maybe two or three more.
Do you have a Yahoo answer?
I feel like
we've informed people.
There's just so much danger.
Bath safety, guys. Get on it.
This one is sent in by Peter Baumgartner.
Thank you, Peter.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ed, who asks,
Is it possible to use chi
to make fire?
Is it possible to use your
chi energy to make fire?
I know it is possible to use chi energy
to make warmth and to control fire
pyrokinesis.
But can you use it to make a little fire
on, for example, a piece of paper?
A piece of paper? No.
No.
If you're using chi to make fireballs,
and I'm assuming
he's talking about fireballs.
Well, yes. You can't do it on paper.
No, not paper.
Whenever I make my chi flames,
I usually just use it
to heat up food.
Yeah, sure. I use it to light dollar bills
on fire.
What do I care? I can shoot mine fire.
Yeah, once you have your mine fire right,
money is not an ish.
I can't tell you...
I can't tell you the amount of times
I've been sitting around creating warmth
and controlling fire with my chi
pyrokinesis.
And I've wondered, why can't
I just create this fire?
You know, and I've tried. God knows
I've tried, but then I lose focus on
controlling the fire and it gets out of hand
and burns down a building.
Did I tell you guys last week? Oh my god.
I was channeling my chi energy
to make warmth and control fire, pyrokinesis.
But I was wearing a
Snuggie while I did it, and I almost burned
to death.
I love that scene in Princess Bride
where Andre the Giant is wearing
a flaming Snuggie.
Holy shit!
He is, right?
He's like really doing that.
The holocaust cloak is the world's earliest
Snuggie.
It's like you channeled your chi energy
to make warmth and summon Andre the Giant's ghost.
Pyrokinesis.
Pyro-con-Andre.
The most powerful fours on Earth.
Hey.
Geomagnetism.
Hey Ed.
Hey Ed.
Listen, we've all been there.
Right? We've all been there.
I was on safety patrol in elementary school
and there's nothing to do when you're standing
on the corner helping kids cross the street.
Except for, I guess, keep those kids alive.
So I would try and move shit with my mind.
Sure. We all did.
We're all there, but
Ed, it's
2000 in heaven now.
Yeah. Science rules.
Science is cool and like
we have to rise above this.
Yeah. Get on board with science.
Science says you can't do that as much
as you'd like to.
I'm going to take a counterpoint here.
Science says we haven't done it yet.
Okay. Okay. Good.
People also used to say that
man couldn't fly and that
the Earth was flat.
And look what Columbus Daddy flew.
So, yeah.
So there, I mean, there you go.
Ed, listen.
I feel like we've been joking
for about a year now, but this is serious.
If you are going
to channel your chi energy to make warmth
and control fire, pyrokinesis,
you have
to, have, have to
make sure that you do
not do it in a bathtub.
My brother made that up to me.
It's so serious, so topical,
so relevant.
There were like six or seven callbacks in there.
Yeah. Did you hear them all? It was good.
I'll go back with a crayon and circle them.
This is from Weathered
in Cincinnati. He says, I got a corporate
job downtown
I got a corporate job in downtown Cincinnati
in July and I'm the youngest guy in the office
at 25 years old. People I work with
are all nice, but they're all older and I have
nothing in common with them. I've tried getting
interested in them, as Justin has advised me to do in the past,
but it's hard to connect when I don't have kids
or a lousy husband slash wife
to complain about. Also, I'm pretty sure
everyone thinks I'm a meteorologist
because all I can think of to talk about is the weather.
Any topics or ways to start
a better conversation during my lunch hour would be
much appreciated. Thanks,
Weathered in Cincinnati.
You can just hang out with me.
Just hang out with Travis. I do want to address
like a serious, like an actual point
here. You say, I've tried
getting interested in them, as Justin has advised
to do in the past, but it's hard to connect
when I don't have kids or a lousy
husband slash wife to complain about.
It's kind of backwards.
You've got it backwards.
The bit
about like getting
interested in other people that we
harp on here, it's not about
finding things to talk about yourself
that you think the person will be interested in.
Yeah, it's not a conversation starter. You actually
have to do it.
You have to do it. You have to say,
there's nothing people love
more than telling you about something you
don't know about. You say,
I don't have a
wife. That must be hard.
What is that like?
And also, you're actually in a really
good spot there because people love that
and people hate when someone says
like, you think you've got it bad.
Let me tell you how bad. Everybody
hates that guy.
It's wonderful to be the guy
like, I am a youngling who needs to learn.
Please teach me. And those
people will love you because they think you want to
actually listen to their stories all the time.
Just listen to them. And also,
I bet you're a fucking cool guy.
You seem cool.
You seem like a cool guy.
They would be interested in you too.
And the beautiful thing is, as a younger guy,
they're going to be interested in living
vicariously through you because all
of these older people are like,
Jim went to a crazy club this weekend
because they couldn't go to a crazy club.
They had a lousy wife, husband, and kids.
So as you're talking about doing awesome
things, they're like, please tell me more about your awesome things.
I used to work at Best Buy
with a guy named Blanks.
And everyone called him Blanks
because they thought he looked like Billy Blanks
and I thought that they just didn't know many black people.
But
the highlight of my Sunday
used to be hearing about whatever
whatever cool
club that Blanks had gone to the night
before that I didn't know existed.
And the girl
he got down with
as he smoked his menthol cigarettes and told me
about his conquest, that was a highlight.
And I didn't have anything in common with him.
I just liked hearing those stories.
It would vicariously be awesome for a little bit.
Our world is a great big mosaic.
People like
me and Justin Travis,
and people like Blanks, and people like
you, Weathered and Scentsy,
and people like you, the listener.
And let's just share.
Let's just share our experiences
with each other without reservations.
Yeah, we don't need to
dump your stuff on somebody else. Just listen to their
stuff. Yeah.
I got one more serious one that I want to read
just because I love the question.
There's so much
to like here from, I want to say from
Cocktain, but I don't think that's right.
It's C-K-O-T-A-N-E.
What is the best way to
greet a girl when you first meet her? Is shaking hands
awkward? Is it appropriate to give a sideways
hug? Context.
Perhaps like on a first date
or a blind date. Recently,
my grandmother hooked me up with a date
with this girl she met during a Zumba
class.
What is that?
You know, Zumba. Zumba, Zumba.
Go on. Yeah, it's like Brazilian
yoga or something. What's your
grandmother doing there? I don't know.
I talked to the girl on Facebook and she
was very much interested in meeting up with me to go on a date.
How do I greet her in such a way
as to give a good lasting impression that
will set the tone for the rest of the day? God,
that's tough. Cause like you can't. Tongue her.
What'd you say?
Tongue her. Just tongue her?
Did you say tongue her? Yeah, tongue her.
Like, tongue kiss her.
That's inappropriate. Travis, there
are nine or ten different ways that I could take that.
I think
I, Sue, that, see this is tough.
Because if you, if you,
if you shake hands, you're setting a weird
tone. Yeah, don't shake hands. And definitely
don't side hug.
You're damned. Here's what you can.
Alright, I'm going to list off all the things you absolutely
cannot do. Okay, hit me.
Don't do nothing.
Don't shake your hand. That
says a bad tone. Don't hug her.
Don't kiss her.
Don't. No high fives. No high
fives. No physical contact.
Whatsoever. So don't not touch her, but don't
touch her, whatever you do. Yeah.
Don't do nothing though. Chest bump. What
about a chest bump? That's touch. Don't
do that. There's some
sensitive stuff up on the top. What about
just, the first time you meet her, just
slow dance with her.
Ooh, that's good. Ooh, you know what you should do?
Zumba her. Just zumba all over.
You know, if you
do go in for a chest bump though, that's a pretty clear
message about what kind of night the girl's going to have.
She's not. This is going to be terrible for both
of us. Give it. Essentially
if you stand across the way, just slap your chest and go,
hey bruh, chest bump. Here it comes.
Chest bump, bruh, chest bump. I'm going to bruise those.
You're going to have a bad night.
I'm not paying.
I didn't bring any money.
I stole your wallet when I chest bumped you.
You're paying, I guess, by extension.
Um, so don't
do any of those things.
Don't do anything, but don't do nothing.
Why don't we bring back kissing her hand?
No. God.
No? Drop to one day, kiss her hand.
Make sure you're wearing
a fedora
and make sure you're within eye
range of me so I can come kick the shit out of you.
Yeah. Dullard.
What about pinky swear?
How do pinky swear that we're going to be in love?
Maybe,
maybe this is the kind of thing
that you should decide with
her ahead of time on Facebook.
When I see you, what is the proper...
How should I touch you?
Tell me how to touch you.
God damn it.
I want to touch you, right?
You know you're
wondering about the right moment to say I love you.
You found it.
This is it, right here.
She won't think about what you're doing with your hands.
I think you want to touch me too.
Yeah, I think you'd like to touch me.
I think I would like to touch you.
We don't know each other well.
I want to make sure when I touch you...
Listen, I can't stress this enough.
You really have to type this whole paragraph
before you send it.
Because if you send this piecemeal,
there's a good chance you're going to lose her midstream.
She's going to see the whole thought
and see it through to the end.
Because if you just open without it touching you...
You can't...
Just send her an email that says
could you wear clothing with brightly marked
areas where it's okay for me to touch you.
Just a circle here.
Can you wear a hyper-colored t-shirt?
Oh, fuck.
You should probably just not go on the date.
You should probably just stay home
and just translate.
Not in the bathtub.
This is Griffin's last question.
But first, a couple quick housekeeping things.
We are sorry we missed last week.
I know a lot of you depend on us
for the only good thing that happens to you.
It's your bright spot, your sliver
in the otherwise gray
gray, gray cloud
of your Monday. I get it.
Monday, man. Work week's starting.
We're sorry we weren't there for you.
It won't happen again. It will.
NBNBAM.com is the site
where you can
where you can talk
to people. You can ask us
questions there. You can see all the different methods.
You can ask us questions. There are forums
there that are replete
with people who share your interest and
my brother, my brother and me. We are
reordering
some of our hoodies
because they were so popular
and you guys raised a lot of money
for Big Brothers Big Sisters. I'm not sure of an exact number yet.
I'll share it when you get it, but you guys
did awesome. We actually
we have a confession.
We actually gave all of that
money to the Bathtub Safety Coalition.
Like Big Brothers Big Sisters,
they give out an important service,
but they don't stop people from
dying in bathtubs.
Well, I heard they were going to change
it to Big Brothers Big Sisters Big Bathtubs.
Yeah. Oh, God, that's
terrible. That's a terrible
that's a horrible. That's
very, you know, I said that out
loud and
that's a bad combination of words.
You didn't send that one to the old thought
factory. Who's in the bathtub?
Darlene and Mike. I don't want to talk about it.
They're both big and they're related.
That's all we need to say.
They're siblings.
But seriously, thank you guys as always
for listening. Love to get some
more people on board. There's some great ways of doing
that. One, just burn a CD,
you know, just burn a CD and give it to
somebody and say, here, I think you might enjoy
this. Also, we love it when people
share
our quotes. Share
NBNBAM quotes with that hashtag
NBNBAM and
make sure you don't
put at NBNBAM at the beginning
or else only people who
already follow us will see it. So spread
it around. Spread
the knowledge,
the wisdom,
the gift, I guess. I'm
going to start calling the show The Gift if you guys are
cool with that. I'm going to
call it The Secret. People are already hooking us
up. Kimbo 2042
is out there spreading
the word. As always, Michael Maney's
there. Like an
archangel. Like an archangel.
Pat likes it hot.
Our boy Pat, you know, he's up in
the mix spreading the
word. So
also, I meant to tell you guys, I
had a dream last night
that NBNBAM
was going to do a live show
in my dream.
Really? It made me very excited.
And so I
personally am resolving that.
You woke up this morning and
you were pregnant.
In nine months, Travis
is going to pass a live My Brother, My Brother
and Me show from his fertile womb.
Now, speaking of
gatherings, our buddy Rocky Horror
who is a DJ
is putting the final
the finishing touches, I think, as they say
in the mixtape world, on the My Brother, My Brother
and Me mixtape.
And you're going
to dig it. I haven't heard
it except for a couple tracks, but I think you're really going to
enjoy it. There's a new
track that he's got on his feed. You can find it on his
Twitter. It's at Rocky Horror.
But he's been talking about doing a
release party
here in Huntington.
Ah, shit. Which would be crazy.
But if
we do that, you're not going to want to miss that
because that's going to be loked. You think at the
Elk Lodge? I'm going to push for the Elk
Lodge. Or Billy Bob's?
Yeah, I don't know. Because I know some
septuagenarian veterans who would really
dig Rocky Horror's vibes. Yeah,
I think they would. And I think, like if we did
that, we would all be there. I would hope.
I would think we would all get there for that.
But, yeah.
There's no tease people though.
It might not happen. It might not happen.
It might happen. We'll
keep you out of the ground and we'll of course spread the word
on Twitter
and stuff and
the website and things like that. So, Griffin.
Yeah, sure.
Enough of this garbage. Give me the rest of the stuff.
This very final, very
last question was sent in by Matty B. Thank you Matty B.
It's by Yahoo Answers user
Lily. And usually I just read the headline
of these questions, but I feel like I should read the
extra stuff on here too
because it ramps up.
Lily asks,
How do you get spaghetti stains
out of underwear? I have gotten
spaghetti stains in my underwear. My
white cotton underwear. I have spaghetti
stains in my white cotton underwear.
Laughing.
Laughing.
What is Justin McElroy?
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin.
This has been my brother,
my brother, me. Kiss your dad's square
on the lips.
Music.
It's very important that you don't
try to get the stains out
by wearing the underwear in the bathtub
because that's how you get trench butt.
Laughing.
Laughing.
Luda!
Laughing.
