The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone. Welcome to my brother and my brother and me, an advice show for the modern
era. Before we get into the advice this week, just want to give a huge welcome, a welcome aboard
to the new official house chef for my brother and my brother and me productions,
my bim-bim prod, Ms. Paula Dean, Bella of the South. God, guys, these craft services are,
they're just, they're hard to get through. They require- This Krispy Kreme lasagna is delicious.
There's a lot of chewing, a lot of crunching, a lot of snapping and smacking of the jaws and gums.
A carnival of textures. Now, I know what you're wondering, friends at home. Paula Dean,
she's a bigot. Wait, that's exactly right. She is. You are correct. You are correct about that.
Although, you know, all she did was use a couple, what are words? Think about it. We give words
their power, you know what I mean? We give words their power, and for us, the words have given us
the power to get Paula Dean at an extreme discount. It's, we're talking about extreme
restraints, coupon code, sexabunga levels of cheapness. Just really a great value. It's sort
of a house strategy here, my brother, my brother and me. We employ famous racists. That's kind of
our thing, because once they're outed as really racist, see, we're all white, so it's not as much
of a thing where we're afraid they're going to malign us. Right, because we know we can get away
with it ultimately because of our obscene privilege. Exactly. So with our straight white
male privilege and ability to suss out bargains, we can get deeply discounted racists. I mean,
we got Paula Dean for a song. I mean, she's fantastic. She's cooking up a storm. That song
was written by Lynyrd Skynyrd too, because she is holy shit sexual. That song was Song of the South,
was the one that we got her for. Can you guys think of any other, I'm trying to think who else
on staff we picked up for being really. Well, we got Mel Gibson. Oh, wow. That was a huge steal.
He was a, and as my suggestion to you, if you need security for an event or let's say a live
podcast, I highly recommend Mel. I mean, you can't have him now. He's ours. He does terrific,
terrific work. It's not so much that he is physically imposing, but yes. Although I don't
know, he's kind of, I want to say disintegrated a little bit since the beaver. Maybe he's not
quite as burly as he once was in a, say a science, but man, he is just, nobody wants to be around him.
Like nobody wants to sort of even enter his field of view. So like he's a very effective
bouncer and security man in that sense. We've also had great success with Michael Richards.
Not only keeps us in stitches, but keeps our laundry looking really, really clean. He does
some punch up. And then when we don't need the punch up, which is never, he'll, you know,
he'll clean off the mics for us. He'll get, he'll, he'll change the spit filters. Is that a thing in
a mic? Ironically, you know, the only problem I've had with him doing our laundry, what's that? He's
not so hot at separating the whites, which is surprising to me. You would think that that would
be a strong thing for him. That would be a thing. This is shocking. What was it? What was the shit
he said? What was it? I promised myself I'd never forget the shit he said right after he said that
shitty shit on the stage. And then he, he like tried to like play it off. Like it's words of
power. These are, these are the things that we say like dog, you need to fucking, you know,
you have finished, you have, you have completed. That's where you just go, well, I'm done. Bye,
everybody. We also got Garrison Keillor, which is weird, not a racist, but I don't think his agent
knew that. So it worked out pretty well for us. We got him at racist rates. Let's just put it that
way. We've been trying to get him to say some racist stuff. Nothing. He just won't do it. Huh?
No, wait, no, not right now. No dog. No, I don't need a massage right now. Dog the Bounty Hunter.
Thank you. Is Dog the Bounty Hunter not? Yeah. Dog the Bounty Hunter, uh, uh, racist, but big hands.
Yeah. Strong hands. Great for a massage whenever you need him. Is this our most slanderous intro
ever? Uh, everything we've said has been a joke. Parody, fair use, less than a minute.
Garrison Keillor is a huge racist. Garrison Keillor hates people of any color, any color.
Discriminate with his hate. If they're not translucent, if they're not ghosts, Garrison
Keillor is, is just not interested in communing with them. Uh, by the way, I'm Justin McElroy and
I'm your oldest brother. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm your middlest brother. I'm Griffin McElroy. I'm
your, I'm your sweet baby brother. Uh, this is our Revice Show where we help people and not just
disadvantaged racists, uh, former celebrity racists. Well, okay. Former celebrity current racists. It's
kind of a co-op of, of current celebrity racists. Uh, we got a little bit of everybody here, uh,
but, but let's, let's start to help people or else our entire support system is for naught and
how else are we going to, uh, keep them in the lifestyles which they become accustomed?
The hate, the hateful lifestyle. The hateful lifestyle. I love my job. However, it is an
unusual occupation. I'm a seamstress for a company that makes costumes and accessories for anime fans,
furries, and bronies. And yes, Griffin, we make Pokemon costumes. I don't know why you need,
like, why- My problem is that- Why you putting Griffin on blast? My problem is that during a
small talk with strangers, no, sorry, my problem is during small talk with strangers, not a small
talk with strangers, uh, people always ask what you do, which causes all sorts of problems. Some
people assume I'm into these things, which I'm not, or it results in me answering tons of questions,
usually the same. What should I do, brothers? Uh, should I just lie about my job or is there
a quick sentence that can explain my job without the assumptions or repetitive questions that's
from Gmail? There's no shame in lying about you. I lie about my job all the goddamn time.
Yeah, me too. If you're over 60, you do not know what I do. Nope. I am a special interest. I am
a pop culture journalist. If you, if that, seriously, I've dropped that on them. Um,
I write about electronics. That's that lends itself to, again, I'm not ashamed of my job
if you're not my people. I've had the, I've had the lie trying to explain what a podcast is to
people. And it always ends up just being like, I'm on an internet radio show and that's about it.
Right. Cause if you don't have to, if you don't have to explain what a podcast is,
then people already know who you are. Yes. My job is easier to explain when I don't talk about what
I actually do, which is I'm the managing editor of a video game website. That's not like management
is not actually that hard for people to comprehend. But I usually just say that I review video games
because a that's more glamorous and be easier to explain. Uh, but when some people don't even
comprehend that, so I end up saying, uh, well, you know how like Roger Ebert did for movies?
Oh no. I do that for video games. And then I realized one day I said that I was like,
wait a minute. Is that's right. I'm the Roger Ebert of video games.
But I feel like every games writer does that. So every games writer is the Roger Ebert of
video games. There's, there's a point of diminishing returns on that analogy.
Imagine trying to explain that you don't write reviews. You write news and people are like,
I don't, why, how can there be news about this thing? I don't give a fuck about.
Right. There is trust us. There's lots. There's so much.
How, what about this? What about you just stare them dead in the eye and say, I enable fantasy.
Ooh, I am a dream maker. I enable dreams to come birthed from the dreamscape to corporeal.
I am the modern day. I am the modern day Geppetto. I'm a Geppetto bringing your fantasies to life.
And then this is essential. Do not expound. In fact, don't speak anymore. If you can speak,
don't leave the room. Don't exit the conversation. Just do not respond.
If you can pull a fushigi ball out of your pocket and start twirling it around like in labyrinth
and talk about how you make fantasies come true. If you can just be dressed up like Jareth.
No one will talk to you. That'll be good.
Yeah. And also you won't have to explain what your job is because people will just be like,
oh, he's a, he's a troll king.
A costumer. People understand that.
Yeah. A costume seamstress or you make, you make costumes for people. Do you really need to go
into the individual? Like when someone asks me what I do, I say that, you know, I'm a theater
technician and then I don't go on to explain what I build.
Yeah. You don't have to say that you like take regular dog costumes and you sew dicks onto them.
You don't have to mention.
Oh, that was hateful. Not all of the furry culture is about sex. I'm sorry.
I can't believe I fell into that pitfall so quickly.
We've gotten so much better over the years.
I know I have gotten so much better. And I honestly, I understand that community.
It was a closed minded statement and I apologize.
And to that community, that was a joke. It was a loving joke that we were laughing at with you.
So join in.
I don't think they're laughing. I don't think they're laughing. We're laughing with someone,
but it's, I don't think it's them. And I think I fucked up.
Can we say that they take anime costumes and sew dicks onto them?
Well, every costume should have a dick on it somewhere.
Right.
Otherwise, why are you making a costume?
This is a beautiful My Little Pony costume. Could I get a dick on it?
Can you just slip a dick in there?
Just wherever. Yeah. It doesn't have to be anatomically correct. Just
under the armpit is fine. Just put a dick on there.
Let's get off the dick.
Done.
I can totally understand where this person is coming from. And I would honestly,
I think if you just say, I am a costumer, people will sort of get where you're coming from and
they will think that it's fun. You do not have to go into the specificity of what type of Pokemon
costumes you do sell. But if you have Vulpix, hit me up. My number is 512-5528. Vulpix. It's 512
Vulpix. And then just get me back to that. I'm not interested in Ninetales.
Or you can email him at Vulpix or it didn't happen at gpale.com.
Right.
Sorry, Travis. Did you say gpale?
I did.
That's true. That's where you send me-
I was enjoying my joke so much.
You send me pictures of real human beings in Vulpix costumes,
and then I put them in the gpale, which is to say the garbage pail.
I will file it right there. Thank you. No, I'm just kidding. Hit me up with the price.
Gpale's priority taken.
Gervin, how about a Yahoo answer?
I can do a Yahoo answer.
Yahoo answer servers.
We got a lot in this week. Thank you to everybody who sent this in.
This one was sent in by Daniel Geller. It's by Yahoo answer's user,
Economics Dickey, who asks,
what does an average American look like?
What does an average American look like?
That was the headline in the body.
Paula Deen, do you want to take this?
She just says, why?
Fat.
Oh, Paula.
We got to be careful here because we do not want to come off as
as either racial, gender, hetero, age normative in any way.
There's got to be a way to thread this needle without-
Oh, God bless.
There's got to be some amount of-
What does an average American look like?
Delicacy.
I think we can say big.
I think we can say, we don't have to say fat, but big.
There's a lot to the average American.
Confident in, nope.
You say confident.
I feel that, but it's not really a physical attribute,
unless it's the way that they're carrying themselves, their posture.
You look at someone, you look at their deportment,
and you say, well, that's a confident somebody.
You look at their what?
Their deportment, how they carry themselves.
I don't understand why you want to deport all the Americans.
You know what?
One thing I've found is that my view of what the average American looks like
has been extremely skewed by where I live,
which is in West Virginia, where people are more rotund as a rule.
I am a gentleman of some heft myself,
but I am trying to shed those LBs, first off, number one.
Number two, I'm not, for here, I'm pretty good.
Yeah, you're doing great.
For where I live, I'm pretty good.
And it's funny when I go to a place like LA and I'll walk into a building,
I think, oh, man, I'm the fast person in here.
And you can actually rate my physical attractiveness
as I'm flying cross country.
As I'm coming back to Huntington, West Virginia,
I'm getting more and more attractive.
As the plane capacity diminishes, I'm actually getting stubby.
I think it's when they open the doors and there's a decompression.
Because you've still got the LA air.
Right, when the plane gets full of West Virginia air,
it's like you go like three notches up the hotter not scale.
Yeah, it's like when Superman, you know,
the difference between the yellow sun and the red sun.
That's right.
That's right.
Only the yellow sun, in this case, is a Jolly Pirate donut.
You know, we lost one of the, we lost one of the,
we're down to one Jolly Pirate donut.
Oh, dang.
Which one did we lose?
We lost the one on First Street near Kroger and-
That was the one I always went to.
So wait, so we only have the one on Route 60?
Yeah, so we only have the one on Route 60,
which perplexingly sells donuts and heroes.
Not heroes, heroes.
I don't know why they've-
Well, it's the Alex Andropoulos family that runs the joint.
No, that would make sense.
So this is just a cry for help to all of our listeners.
If you drive through Huntington, West Virginia,
please stop at the Route 60 Jolly Pirate donuts.
Let's keep the hope alive.
Just keep the lights on.
The donuts are, the box that they come in
looks like a treasure chest.
Right, and that's the most exciting thing to see,
like you wake up and it's Sunday morning,
you're like, oh, church.
And then you go downstairs and it's like,
a fucking bounty, a royal bounty for you.
Maybe a pirate brought it here.
Nope, it's your dad.
Trainers from the East Indies have brought
a collection of the finest donuts.
I love Travis's elephant hunter, old timey elephant hunter voice.
What are some of the,
what are some of the people volunteer there, Griffin?
Some pretty-
Hold on, wait, before you answer that,
I do want to tell you everyone that gpale.com
goes to iggypop.com.
So I don't know if that's a nickname of his,
but if not, it is now.
Is it like spelled G-E-E-P-A-L-E?
Like, gee, that dude is very pale,
because that is a description true of Iggy Pop.
Yeah, there's a lot of xenophobic shit up this Yahoo.
Not on the internet.
They look almost nothing at all
like you see on television or in their films.
Almost all white Americans have huge big eyes,
flat wide noses, very wide mouths,
square jaws, and are all teeth.
What?
Well, Americans' bodies are composed entirely of teeth.
Most white American guys have their crew or buzz cut hair
or the Martin Sheen haircut.
What the fuck does that even mean?
What is a Martin Sheen haircut?
Give me a Martin Sheen.
And wear clothes two to three size bigger
to their body size with tennis shoes and white socks.
Most white American women look like Cass Elliot
or are very thin 70s Marcia Brady plain looking
with long hair and Brooke Shields eyebrows.
Man, this guy's painting a fucking picture.
They all wear tight jeans, ski pants, or shorts
with oversized t-shirts and flat shoes.
Both genders always dress up only on Sundays
in the 60s looking clothing.
Is this an alien writing this?
Is this our entry in the entire sky of the galaxy?
That's messed up.
Who wrote this?
This is the most detailed answer.
Some of them get like light tan skin,
five nine chubby and just okay looking.
Like, all right, that actually,
that guy's kind of got a number.
Are they outside my house and a asshole?
I'm five eight, so nice try.
Girls, tight jeans or sweat pants and a sweatshirt
or a brand name t-shirt like Abercrombie,
American Eagle, Hollister, or Arrow.
Guys, oversized jeans and brand name t-shirt.
That's what I see every day anyway.
Brands.
Brands all around.
I'm a McDonald's.
What?
What does that mean?
I like generic t-shirts.
I only buy my t-shirts at Piggly Wiggly or Kroger.
I actually own a Piggly Wiggly t-shirt
and some Radio Shack pants.
They got lots of pockets in which I store 19 batteries.
You need a battery?
Need a battery?
What do you got?
A Game Gear?
I don't know if I got six double A's.
Just kidding.
Of course I do.
I absolutely do.
Let me get down in my Game Gear pocket.
I want to help somebody else.
I've recently been drafted by a group of friends
into a fantasy football league which is a sport
I have effectively zero interest in
and an activity I don't understand
and therefore fear deeply.
Is there any way to take part in this league
and not embarrass myself while at the same time
avoiding actually learning anything about football
in the process?
That's from Sam from Lakewood.
Why did you agree to do this?
This fucking guy.
How can I get better at this thing without trying?
And also I didn't want to do it anyway
but I'm doing it.
Did you like literally get drafted?
Like your number was up and it was like
Sam you're in.
What?
No.
No.
Guys you gotta help me.
I'm 1A in the football draft.
What you gotta do is you gotta chop your finger off
and that's the only way to get out of the draft.
Yeah it's like I tried to hit the
let me hit the space bar on my keyboard.
No can do.
Sorry guys.
I mean I'm in a fancy football league
and I don't know anything about football.
It hadn't slowed me down.
I mean it slowed me down from doing well in the league.
Yeah I mean I'm pretty sure I came in dead last place
because I kept forgetting to set my team for the week
but that's not because I don't give a shit.
It's just I'm very busy.
I think the most the nice thing is like
depending on what service you're using
most of them say like
Who is the best one?
Who's the best one.
You can usually just ask your computer aloud
who is the best one and you can do a lot that way.
There's also like when you're doing the actual draft
you can get a top 200 rankings
and once you've just sort of gone down that list
once you've extended past that list
at that point it's just guessing.
It's just it is just
who's gonna be who's gonna be good this year?
Can you get to the fucking ball fields
and like check these dudes out?
I'm here I figured out the solution.
One word three syllables.
Okay.
Moneyball.
You're talking about saver metrics now.
Okay I like this.
You need to watch the movie Moneyball.
Okay you haven't seen it
so we can't make this advice any more applicable.
And then you need to hire Jonah Hill.
I watched.
Run your team for you.
The problem is I watched Moneyball
and the math of Moneyball
is all based on fucking points on the board
and like that works for Moneyball
but for fantasy football
it's like you don't want a nose tackle
that is going to get a lot of touchdown scores
because it's the points.
He's gonna put the points up.
He is but I think it's actually negative.
I think it's negative.
There's still some life left in him.
It's negative points if your if your defense
gets uppity and decides to start scoring touchdowns.
It's like guys you have a very specific job.
We don't need you showboating
and and taking it to the taking it to the red zone.
But you could do you all see that in sports movies though
where it's like we need a kicker
and then they like bring in the dude who's like
you know he's he's just been the worst tackle all his life
and then he turns out to be an amazing kicker.
Sure why don't you in your fantasy football draft
maybe draft some people in
that aren't in the positions that's fun.
So for your lead quarterback for your lead quarterback
you went ahead and you picked the coach of the team
which is interesting.
I don't know how you hacked the website in order to do that.
Your offensive line is the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders
which is in or that's an interesting strategy.
Moneyball money.
You did money ball though so I guess I got any points
for points or do zero of them specific Randy Moss.
All right that's your insider Justin with a hot tip.
You got to get to the you got to get to the pitch
and you got to scope these dudes out.
You got to here's here's an important lesson I learned
when nearly all of my players were injured simultaneously
is you got to scope out these dudes injurability
because if you can make it to the end without anybody
fucking dying or murdering somebody
then you have picked a damn good team.
Look at their bones ask about their bones.
How do your bones feel Jermichael?
Jermichael can I inquire about your bones?
Mr. Friendly tell me about your bones.
Specifically your leg bones because man I need those good.
Your holding bones would be ideal.
If your ball holding bones.
Which arm do you use to just sort of tuck that ball in?
Your right one?
Let me check out that right tip.
Looking pretty good Jermichael.
Drink this milk.
Special milk.
It's got ball bearings in it.
It's going to lubricate you.
You got to get out of this league Sam.
Sam you got to get out of this league.
No matter how hard you work at this
you're going to come up against a wall of disinterest from you.
I'm yourself.
Here's how you get out of it.
First meeting right show up to the draft wearing a wizard's robe
and carrying a sword and say I'm ready for the fantasy.
Right and then they're going to ask you to leave.
Yeah.
Say you were prepared by your fantasy seamstress
and now you're ready to fucking rock it to Russia.
You could also try to make it seem like you know too much about football
to be in the league.
Here's how I'd recommend doing that.
Go in and ask your buddy so do you draft an entire team defense
or do you draft individual defensive players?
And then when they answer that then you tell them that you've done that before
and it's beneath you.
You can't do that again.
Right.
And then it'll make it seem like you love football and you love drafts.
You just don't love this football.
And then when you draft the worst team ever drafted in fantasy football history
that illusion will be so mysterious to them
because they'll be like damn I thought Jeff knew shit.
I thought Jeff knew the shit about this.
But you could play that out like with every pick you make.
If it's really bad just act like you're way more plugged in.
You wrote down Chris Sabo.
What the fuck are you-
Shh shh shh shh.
Got some insider tips.
Just put your finger beside your nose and wink.
I checked out Sabo's bones.
That dude's collar bones are fucking tight.
I checked out his Sabo's-
His eyeballs.
His eyeballs, I won't lie, leave a lot to be desired.
Not a lot of glasses allowed on the pitch.
But this guy's collar bones? Disgusting.
He's ripped.
You could-
You could great Gruyere on this guy's collar bones.
They're amazing.
His Sabo's are indestructible.
I miss Chris Sabo's.
Me too.
Love that cat.
Here's a quickie.
When you're staying at a friend's house are you allowed to use their shower stuff?
That's from Sneaky Shower Sampler.
My answer is 100% yes.
Yeah, definitely.
They should have put that stuff in our lock and key.
You walk into a friend's hotel and they've-
Oh, they've set out some nice little sampler sized shampoos here.
Sometimes I'll try both the soaps in there.
You need to keep your scalp-
Showing my armpits.
You gotta keep your scalp away from them though.
You gotta keep-
You gotta make-
Because it's an assumed thing, but it can lead to some sticky situations.
His wife turns the corner into the kitchen and gets that whiff,
that familiar Old Spice whiff and is like,
hey honey, I'm-
But it's you.
She just called you honey.
Now there's some tension in the mix.
And then they're divorced.
And then they're divorced.
See, I have a quandary about this though, right?
Does this apply to bar soap?
Okay, the initial reaction is like,
okay, I don't want to rub somebody else's skin on my skin.
Well, skin is a best case scenario when you're talking-
Their butt dirt, okay?
Their butt dirt.
Their crease.
But here's the thing, we're talking about an object
that is specifically designed to eliminate the danger of butt dirt.
It's not like a magic thing that banishes the dirt.
And we also need to address, Justin,
are you just taking that bar of soap and just like,
are you directly getting that bar of soap in your butt?
Because we fucking stayed in the same fucking hotel room
in Los Angeles like a week ago.
Because I want to get all my butt dirt out
and be daddy's clean boy.
I'm suddenly the pervert here?
You're not daddy's-
It doesn't make any sense.
Okay, first of all, I'm pissed off because that first day
you're like, oh yeah, I guess I'll take the first shower.
No big, little did I know you were fucking claiming
that bar of soap so that nobody could ever use it again,
even though I did, because I didn't know you were fucking,
a fucking butt soap enthusiast.
Yeah, please be more specific, Griffin,
about the parts of my anatomy on which you are comfortable
being a secondhand rough-
If it doesn't touch me in a hug, I'm not interested in it.
So you thought that I was washing and showering
and doing my regular shower business,
but leaving my crevices unmolested.
Like maybe using a washcloth like a fucking sane adult.
Hey, fucking Clouseau, did you see a washcloth in the shower?
There were two literally on the shelf right next to it.
Were they used?
No, but I thought maybe there were four and you used two.
I thought there were four and you used two.
You thought I was just doing semaphore.
There, in the shower.
Please send liquid soap, help.
I don't want my grimy butt dirt to be passed on
to the next generation of McElroy.
Oh, that bar of soap, they didn't change it too,
because it was the worst hotel ever.
I really want to stop talking about
your guys' butt dirt exchange.
That makes one of us.
Let's talk about farm wisdom.
Farm wisdom.
Get a piece of straw.
Here's he-ha farm wisdom.
That was pretty good.
Um, Sam sent us a really lovely picture of a real live baby cow
that he had, that he was with in the picture,
because he was holding a piece of paper
saying NVMB AM, June 2013.
You sure wasn't a chop?
So, it looked pretty real.
I'll post it, I'll post it on Twitter
and everybody can take a peek.
I photoshop myself into a lot of pictures with cows
just to brag.
That's fair.
Show off.
This bit of farm wisdom comes from Elizabeth
and she says, raccoons perceived as mere pests
and trash diggers in urban environments
are stone cold assassins who will murderize your ducks
under the cover of night.
Sure.
Their paw prints look exactly like baby hand prints
and supposedly early settlers believed
there were tiny babies walking around
on their hands in the woods.
How the fuck did we win this country?
How the fuck were we the conquerors
when we thought fucking baby, we had baby duck thieves?
Oh, those are those forest babies.
The babies of the woods.
And this next one comes from Fred
and Fred says his girlfriend's mom
dropped a nugget of farm wisdom on him.
If you see a turtle crossing the road,
it's going to rain.
The more turtles you see in the day,
the worse it rains.
That seems like dog shit to me.
No, I don't want to confuse old wives tales
of farm wisdom, right?
No, I actually looked it up.
I checked it out because I wanted to confirm this
and that really is the thing.
It has to do with like them moving to find water and such
that apparently the more turtles you see,
the bigger it's going to rain
because they're anticipating it.
How did the turtles-
How did the fucking turtles-
Are the turtles moving out of where it's not going to rain
towards where the rain's going to happen?
No, now you're getting beyond why not.
Because if so, like that would be a pretty dope scene
in Twister if they're like,
we got to chase down this fucking deadly F5 funnel cloud,
how are we going to pull this off?
And then Helen Hunt?
Helen Hunt?
I'm not sure.
Helen Hunt or Laura Dern?
Helen Hunt?
It's definitely Helen.
Helen Hunt.
Twister 2 is Laura Dern.
Helen Hunt then in Twister 1.
I guess the scene would work in either film.
Gets out a box of turtles
and then the fucking turtles get sucked up into the cloud,
but the turtles have sensors attached to their backs.
And so Bill Pullman?
Bill Paxton.
Bill Paxton achieves his live stream.
Bill Polkston?
I'm going to edit all that together
and it's going to sound like I'm not having a stroke.
Well, we got to pay for Griffin's stroke bill some way.
So let's go to the Money Zone.
Can we go to the Money Ball?
So basically our only sponsor for the Money Zone this week.
And if you, by the way, would like to be a sponsor,
go to MaximumFun.org forward slash Jumbotron
and you can wish someone happy birthday, happy anniversary,
put out a personal or commercial message,
anything you want, head over there.
Our one sponsor though we're very happy to have
is an adult Wonderland, really.
I would call them a super-duper store.
A super-duper store called ExtremeRestraints.com.
They are also merchants of fantasy.
That's true.
That's true.
You want to talk about somebody
who maybe has a hard time explaining their job?
How about the guy that has to pack up
the Clitoris Enhancer Clip Pump Kit
for shipping to you at a really great discount?
I can-
Even the import-export business.
You keep listing off different jobs
and I'll tell you what they actually tell their friends and family.
Okay, dildo mold cleaner.
They clean out-
Sculptor.
Sculptors.
Yeah, that works.
The guy who writes slut onto the impressions paddles.
Calligrapher.
Okay, so you're saying that someone's gonna tell me
that they're a professional calligrapher
and I'm gonna let that convo drop?
Oh, okay.
What do you calligraphize?
Like wedding invitations?
In a manner of speaking, in a manner of speaking,
it is inviting to some-
Travis.
To some individuals.
What about the guy who individually tests
each Rump Shaker vibrating anal plug?
That would be R&D.
I'm in R&D?
Yeah, research and development.
Thank you.
Who, what about the guy that picks the model
that displays the spider mouth gags?
A talent scout.
Okay, you're pretty good at this.
I'll give it, but if you would like to see
all these different career opportunities,
they're all at ExtremeRestraints.com.
What about the person that tries masturbating
to all the pictures before they can put it up on the web?
Because before they put up a picture on their website,
somebody has to successfully masturbate to that picture.
Focus group.
Damn.
Damn, you're good.
I don't think you can be a professional focus group member,
though, that's not a very-
I'm a focus group of one.
I get paid in Teddy Grahams.
You can get everything on this website for 20% off.
All you need to do is use a coupon code from us,
and it's Sexabunga, which is spelled just like it sounds.
But I would not recommend saying it out loud.
Or, yeah, because the fucking prism.
Prism could be listening,
and then they'll fucking leak it to a coupon site.
We can't have that, guys.
You got to keep this coupon code secret,
but don't keep it so secret that you forget to use it,
and pick yourself up an offer.
And pick yourself up an ostrich tickler.
I don't have-
That was actually the job that I tell people I do.
Hi, I'm Jesse Thorne, the host of NPR's Bullseye.
And I'm Jordan Morris, another guy.
Jordan and I have been friends for a really long time,
and we co-host the comedy podcast,
Jordan and Jesse Go Together.
Jordan, what would you say Jordan and Jesse goes all about?
Well, it's about funny stories, crazy ideas, swearing.
So basically nothing.
Yeah, nothing.
But we always have fun and funny celebrity guests
from the worlds of comedy, television, music, everything.
I think you're actually gonna like being radio friends with us.
Yeah.
Check out Jordan and Jesse Go online at MaximumFun.org,
or free in iTunes or your favorite podcatcher.
Do you guys know Yahoo?
Absolutely.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
What happened to you?
I'm sorry, I was waiting for the question,
and I wanted to say something funny about it,
and I'm sorry.
You choked.
You don't even know what the question is yet?
How are you gonna-
Idiot.
Okay.
I was just opening my mind and getting ready.
Okay.
Who wants to know?
It's by Yahoo Answers user Nigel, who asks,
is it fun to butt chug Diet Pepsi Max?
I was wondering if doing it gets you buzzed faster than normal.
Yeah, what's irritating is I've been having a hard time
finding Pepsi Max lately,
and I guess this is where it's often going.
Because you'd have to do this a lot to get buzzed off it.
When he says buzzed, does he mean like a caffeine booze?
Well, the Max has some, what, like some Guarana,
some justice shit up in, right?
Yeah.
What is butt chugging?
Butt chugging is, it's when, you know how like you get thirsty
in your mouth and your throat,
and the way you remedy that is to pour liquid down it
and just like send it down the right pipe?
This is the wrong pipe.
This is the wrongest pipe for this particular activity,
but there are certain individuals,
it's like a genetic flaw that like your mouth and throat gets thirsty,
your butt gets like super, it's called dry butt.
Okay, I've never heard that.
Well, it's because we don't-
That's because you wash your butts.
And in the McElroy kitchen, Punnett Square,
dry butt doesn't appear anywhere in the mix.
It's not a recessive or a dominant trait,
so we didn't even run the risk of having it,
but there are a lot-
We have the wettest butts.
I wouldn't say we have wet butts out loud on a podcast, Travis,
but I would say that they are-
Moist butts?
They are of average-
Moisture.
Moisture, yes.
Okay.
Okay, so this is like a, also teenagers do it to get fucked up
because they're dumb.
Why don't they just put it in their regular holes?
Because when you put it in your butt, it absorbs more efficiently.
Yeah.
Does it though?
Yeah.
They've gotta be, I don't believe,
I think that kids are the dumbest things that exist.
Kids between the ages of 10 and 19.
I'm sorry if you are listening and you fall into that category.
I don't, I think they're the dumbest,
but I don't think that they would butt chug or colon roll
if it didn't get results.
But somebody had to do it the first time.
Like there had to be a pioneer who was like,
I've got it, you guys.
A 13 year old was doing it
because they were trying to early pledge for a frat
because the world is fucked and we're all dead.
Children are our future and our future is looking pretty shitty,
if you ask me.
There's a problem that I have with butt chugging.
At just the one?
That you do it.
That's the issue, that it exists.
Is it, I mean, what about the taste?
Don't you miss the taste of alcohol?
Well, you catch some of that with your taste buds.
I don't think that is accurate.
I think you're starting to lie to me about butt chugging now.
Well, no, cause like when you eat food,
some of your taste buds come off with the food
and they go down in the bolus.
Can I tell you guys something that is so sad to me
is that we have been doing this show for this long
and we have gone to so many depraved corridors of humanity
that when I'm introduced to the concept
and the opportunity to discuss this idea of butt chugging,
it is not even remarkable enough to me
on the landscape of human depravity
that I can come up with anything too useful to say about it.
Yeah, I mean, I guess people do everything.
We're talking about literal teenagers
literally pouring liquids up their body
and I'm just kind of sleepy.
That's like where I'm at.
I was just thinking about how great it would be
to take a nap right now.
Do you think that's what getting old is
when people are like, why?
I mean, it takes all kinds.
Like they say stuff like that
because they've seen how bad it gets everywhere
with everything that they can't find it
in their hearts to be moved.
Well, yeah, because like, and that's also what death is.
Death is like you see the last thing
and you're like, oh, vagina chewing.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I peaked at vagina eating and now I'm done.
Are we accelerating our own,
like are our deaths gonna approach us quicker
because we've seen and or secondhand experience
like more of the things?
I know because like in the giver,
we need to have children that we pass along.
I don't wanna give any experiences to
and then we can die.
I would rather inject these kids
and put them down the chute
to continue the giver analogy.
No fucking way.
No fucking way.
My kids can never know about this program.
I am fucking burying everybody's computers in a vault.
Seriously, and yes, Justin, I feel like we are moving,
like we are definitely moving ourselves faster
to the grave with this podcast
because I was shooting for 250 when we started
and now I feel like I'm on death's door
before we even get to 200.
Wait, you're saying that you wanted to live to 250 years old.
250 episodes, not years
because fucking teenagers won't let me get that long.
They're trying to kill me.
I feel like once we do 200 episodes,
that'll be enough.
Yeah.
I mean, like, I feel like we'll have enough of a catalog.
There won't be any more shit that teenagers do
that we haven't talked about.
We'll have to start answering adult questions.
Yeah, children are quite literally our future on this show
and the future is running out.
We're running out of future.
Or we're gonna have to like start going
to fucking Spencer's gifts and doing some polling,
doing some census work on the ground.
Have you heard about anything dirty?
Hey, what do kids do?
Butt checking?
Nah, we did that.
Vagina chewing.
Ding, ding, ding.
Griffin joked about it once.
We can't do that one anymore.
We invented that actually accidentally.
We invented vagina chewing.
Kids, please start doing some really messed up things.
Like really depraved.
Yeah, keep us going.
Just keep this show going.
We're running it.
But in no way are we endorsing the horrible things
you're going to do to your own body.
But do tell us about them.
Do tell.
If it's gonna happen to someone,
you can even abstract the story
so it happened to a buddy.
A wink.
Um, no, don't do it.
We gotta legally cover ourselves here.
Don't do these things.
Don't do anything.
But do, you know, feel free to listen to this next question.
You've earned yourself that much.
My wife and I recently found out
we're gonna have a second child.
For our first one, we got a name pretty quickly.
And that's worked out pretty well.
But we're stumped on this one.
Any advice on finding that perfect name
that's from Addled in Alabama?
I like the idea of the first name
it worked out pretty well.
Like there's like a shit, like it's a fucking like fluid,
like you name your kid Douglas
and then like the world's most famous mass murderer
is named Douglas.
And then you're like, well, shit.
Dammit.
Do you think he'd check with the baby?
Like, hey, baby, how's your name going?
Are you with Douglas?
I just wanna do a quick, let me dip in real quick, baby.
Um, yeah?
Thumbs up?
Your baby, your baby, as soon as he learns to speak
and put together like cogent thought is like,
ah, man, that's a good name.
Thought is like, ah, man, you should have gone with,
the correct answer was Craig.
I have been a Craig since day one.
I just feel like I'm a Craig trapped in a Douglas body.
Right.
You should not name your children until,
I think you should let them name themselves.
Or let your first child name your second child.
Oh, that's fun.
Cause every child born onto the United States
will be called Trucks.
Trucks.
This is my son, Cheerio.
I think that's my first word.
Cheerio, I think.
Cheerios.
Good job.
Get those complex carbohydrates going.
Introduce them early.
Well, at least it wasn't like, uh oh, crunch berries.
You know what I mean?
Like they're far, they're far berries.
Yeah.
At least your first.
This is my little brother, Piscetti.
Get it?
Cause I can't say it cause I'm two.
Or if your kid is older, your first child is like eight
and he just names them like, uh, the other one.
Mommy's new favorite.
Yeah.
Oh, it got sad.
What if you got like the right age for a kid?
You could come up with a pretty banging name though.
Like if you let your, say seven year old,
name your baby Decepticon, like that could be pretty good.
I think.
Wait, is he naming the baby Decepticon
or did you have a baby Decepticon?
No, no, no, no.
That technology is years away.
I'm saying just that you let the child name the other baby
based on whatever, you know, whatever he's into.
What are you into right now, kid?
Captain Feathersword, the baby.
That sounds like a good name.
Put it on the certificate.
That's pretty good.
Um, I don't want to talk about celebrity gossip on this show,
but we're about to because I saw this news story.
I saw this news article on the times.
One of the times, um, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian
named their baby North, making the babies named Northwest.
And we can all agree that that's fresh.
That's fresh as shit.
Except they came out and they said it's not,
the name is not like the cardinal direction.
The name, they were saying like North is like up
and that's where this baby's going.
It's on a skyward trajectory, which.
So I'm sorry, were they trying to make a case for the fact
that both this child's names were cardinal directions
were unrelated?
Like they didn't realize till after?
No, I think, I think that they are trying to make that argument.
They're also trying to make the argument
that when you look up in the sky, that direction is North.
It's not dog.
That's that direction is up upwards.
You collaborated with God up.
You collaborated with God once.
I don't think he's going to change physics for you.
Sorry guys.
Yeah, yeah, I had to work part of the retainer on the album
is North is up now and forwards is just Yeezus.
I tell you what though, these compasses are fucked up.
Are you guys coming to a Yeezus by Yeezus East this year?
So I see some pretty good shows there.
Surprisingly Yeezus is not performing.
My, you know, a lot of people will give me shit for this.
My favorite Rob Reiner movie is still Yeezus.
That's why I know it's a little off the wall,
but I really think that Elijah Wood is good in it.
14 whole seconds to understand it.
Do you guys want to know about Yahoo?
Northwest is a good name.
It is a good name.
Just fucking just like own it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you Jacob Locker.
It's by Yahoo answers user Cassie who asks,
I want to bury stuff.
What will protect it in the ground?
I want to put stuff in a box and bury it.
What will protect the box?
A bigger box, larger box.
Oh yeah.
But then you think of like coffins and shit.
Like I almost always am.
And then like this worms and bugs and dirt and nutrients
and shit get in there.
You got to put another box.
Well, wait a minute.
You got to double box it.
Right.
But I think it depends on like what you're burying, right?
Because if you're burying something
that already has dirt in it, like a butt.
How bad can it get?
Yeah.
It's just going to keep going down that path.
There's really nothing you could do to prevent it.
You're saying pre-ruin your shit.
And then when you put it in the ground,
like it's not going to get any worse.
It's already shitty.
That's a pretty dumb idea,
but it's no worse than Travis's shitty Matryoshka doll idea
of box upon box upon box upon box.
Although that.
I'm sorry.
I thought that this,
I thought this podcast was a free exchange of ideas.
I was not aware that this was a hate factory.
It wasn't.
But then after we hired Paula Deen, she insisted.
Hey, y'all.
Hey, y'all.
Welcome to the hate factory.
The world's worst stand up comic club.
You look slightly Italian.
Can we not?
Dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs little kids are always burying their shit.
Why not?
Why not put it in?
Why not put it in a tree?
Why not do like a little kid sky burial where you cover it with,
you know, with berries and other things that birds like,
and then they'll just take your things in the sky.
Are you even talking English now?
There's you haven't heard of what it's a sky burial where like
somebody dies and they let them get down to just bones.
It's getting a little morbid,
but they let the body just get down to just bones
and they cover those bones in sweet sense.
And then they put it on top of a mountain
and birds just carry it in the sky.
Sky burial.
The birds carry the bones away.
Birds carry away the bones.
They don't remain in the sky.
I imagine.
I don't think that a plane is going to be flying like over the Alps somewhere
and then run into a bone cloud.
Because that would be pretty gnar.
But I am saying for temporarily your bones are in flight.
They're in transit.
So it's not a sky burial so much as a various locations nearby burial.
Well, it's a burial for as long as a bird can stay interested in carrying anything.
It's a-
Which newsflash is very short.
I mean, it's a nest burial.
Like, let's be honest.
Yeah.
But then you become in part,
you're getting back into the fucking live stream.
Back into the manna.
I do like that though.
I want my energy to help support a beautiful robin egg.
That's what I'm saying.
I would rather birds didn't shit all over my corpse though.
Well, it's just your bones.
And really, once you get down to bones, that's not you anymore.
It's just bones.
Yeah.
I think Mary Roach wrote about that in Stiff,
where she talked about just the natural cycle of life,
where it ends with birds shitting all over you.
Do you know who would make a great nest?
Michael Finley is looking so good this season.
Chris Sabones, put him in the sky.
Put him in a nest, no matter where he is.
Football, baseball, basketball, hyali.
Dude's got the best bones.
If I was a bird and I could make a nest out of Chris Sabones,
I think it would be something I would pass down to the next generation of birds.
There are vultures just like chilling outside of his Cincinnati compound.
Just waiting for the day.
I think we're done.
Yeah.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
Uh, note, programming note, uh, if I may be so bold,
uh, we have a new addition to the Maximum Fun family,
uh, and it's a show called Sawbones that's made by me and my wife, Sidney.
Sounds shitty.
Who's it?
Yeah.
No, it's good.
It's made by me and my wife, Sidney.
She's a doctor.
And we talk about, um, the history of medicine,
but it's, it's a silly show about the history of medicine because I'm dumb.
Now, Justin, I've heard it's a 45 minute long fart.
Is that true?
No, it's, there's no farts.
We haven't done that episode yet.
Our first episode is about trepanation,
which is a, uh, a medical procedure that involves putting a head hole in your head.
Uh, you can find it on iTunes.
If you could subscribe and like tell your friends and rate and review and everything,
that would be supremely helpful.
These opening weeks are so important.
If you could, if you could fucking like not stop listening to our podcast
when you like make a hole in your life for Justin and Sidney's new podcast,
that's not this one.
Like I would, I would have, I, as the only, this being the only podcast that I really do
other than besties, which doesn't count.
Um, I just, it's so important to me that you guys maintain.
Oh, and in case anyone's wondering, my podcast is still dead.
Oh man.
I am working on a new podcast though.
Why do you have to make this about you?
Why can't this one moment be about me?
Fuck.
Oh, also, uh, John Hodgman has a special on Netflix called Ragnarok, uh, filmed in front
of a live audience and it's absolutely hilarious.
Make sure you check it out.
I will check that out.
That's free on Netflix.
Still way better than Justin's thing.
I am still looking for angel investors for my Pokemon logistics podcast.
Uh, we're in series a right now, funding requests.
And like, I don't know anything about any of those words I said.
So if you're a business man, a businessman, and you want to give me some help, I will not
turn it down.
Uh, hey, listen, thank you to people tweeting about the show like, uh, Sean McNamara, Jeremy
Frank, Arthur Barnhouse, uh, symphony man, uh, Peter Williams, Jess Baker, Dr.
Dinosaur, Casey Green, Bonnie Hardwick, everybody, uh, you're the absolute best.
Uh, thank you for spreading the show around.
Um, we love you very much.
Um, I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Um, not the only song on that album.
There are several others.
Um, just, you know, if you, if you're, if you want to be cheap, you know, checking out
on Spotify, but I, I must insist that you buy the album both in its, uh, physical vinyl
and, and digital forms.
Our last question is coming to us from, uh, young Griffin McElroy.
He's got one for us to think about every week.
And then of course, as always, we'll come back and answer it next week, which is just
our way of enticing you to, uh, continue to stay with us.
It's just a fun thing we always do.
Um, it's, it was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob Locker, my boy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user question mark.
Who asks how much are 100 million people watching?
120 silly bands worth.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
Film fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported.
