The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone, when the pretty birds have flown Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
Find it in my bed, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
All of them.
Yeah, going once, going twice, they're all sold. To John Michael Montgomery.
I'm sorry, again, to all my CMA organizers and producers. I'm sorry I get about missing the show.
We were supposed to perform. My bad.
Oh, were we?
Yeah.
Which of our tracks are we gonna do?
John Michael Montgomery's Letters From Home.
And we're actually gonna do Letters From Home's John Michael Montgomery too, which is a less well-known song and band.
I fold it up and put it in my shirt, pick up my gun and get back to work.
Please don't ever do that again.
You just want a few more bars?
When did Aaron Neville get into music?
I fold it up and put it in my shirt.
So this is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
We take your questions, your queries, and we convert them through a secret family recipe into wisdom.
So here is our first question. It comes just from Gmail. It's from our buddy Nick.
He says, I've been trying to sell my house so that I may pack my bags and move away for the past three months,
but I haven't had a single person so much as come by to look at it.
How can I flip this bitch?
Well, right from the get-go, one of the most important parts of packing your bags and moving away is the immediacy of all of it.
You gotta just leave everything that doesn't fit in your bag behind with just reckless abandon and just move on.
So I mean, if you really wanted to go that path, man, fuck that house.
Don't flip that bitch. Fuck that bitch. Get out.
Burn that bitch.
I smell insurance.
Yes. Insurance money. Paper checks.
You're doing it wrong. You're moving. You're not packing your bags. You just gotta get out.
Now, as far as the house goes, as far as getting somebody to look at it, have you tried a sign that said,
free house, and then when they come, they're like, this is amazing, and you say, well, not like free-free, but thank you for coming to look at it.
Is that even a good idea? I don't think so.
Tell everyone it's haunted.
Yeah, it's all about making it stand out, so you can do that in a number of ways.
Like Travis said, you can say that it's haunted and then get that sweet sci-fi channel money when they pour in there
and have their dudes wander around with flashlights or whatever it is that those ghost shows do.
I don't watch those ghost shows because they're too spooky for me.
Too spooky. It is spooktacular.
You could also paint it bright red and white, and then maybe people will think it's like a barn, which would be pretty cool.
So it may be like a bad deal on a house, but a pretty good deal on a barn.
This is a pretty fucking good deal on this barn.
I'll have to knock out some of these walls.
Yeah, I'm not sure where the livestock's gonna go. They don't paint bedrooms.
Just fill it with animals, and then when people come to look at it, inform them that the animals come with the house.
They come standard.
And say, I'm moving away in two weeks, but the animals are staying here, so you best buy this bitch quick
because these things, they die if they don't eat. They're like people.
They're like people. If they don't eat, they die like us.
If you don't buy this house, the blood of these farm animals will be on your hands.
If you do buy the house, you can name the wall whatever you want.
Also, talking furniture.
Did you get, did you even think to buy talking furniture?
If not, then that was not a good investment.
Yeah, I feel like we're having to hold your hand.
Of course, Yari, I'm just gonna assume that you already have talking furniture.
The talking furniture needs to eat too.
And again, like two weeks and I'm ghost, so like, it will die as well.
So this is kind of a, I don't mean to put a gun to your head, but you know.
But I do have a gun to your head. That's another idea.
I do have a gun to your head. Buy this house!
I would also suggest upgrading your cabinetry because that can be an inexpensive way of getting some more bang for your buck.
And maybe, maybe rip up that carpeting and just, you know, just polish that wood.
Get some beautiful hardwood underneath there.
A new coat of paint goes a long way to really spruce up the place.
Speaking of spruce, have you considered spruce hardwood floors?
Just polish it and give it that fine oaky veneer.
Have you considered a scale model of the spruce goose?
Howard Hughes' ill-fated giant aircraft.
I'm gonna say, once our show reaches its third spruce goose reference, it's over.
Then we should be number one on iTunes. Yes, I agree.
If we're not number one on iTunes by the third goose, we're done.
So, Nick, to recap, spruce it, goose it, polish it, goose it, ghost it, and talking furniture.
Alright, Nick, kill farm animals? Yeah.
Done.
Form Spring. We just saved the economy, by the way.
Yeah. Hey, you're welcome, Bob Vila. Doing a job for you there.
I always seem to rule out girls that have the same name as me or someone in my family.
This includes extended family like cousins, etc.
Since I think it would be awkward if I brought her home and introduced her to my family member.
Hey, Susan. This is Susan. Guess why I picked her.
Did you guess yet, Susan? I'm only voting one of you. You pick which.
It's not what you think. If what you think is that I did it for a normal reason, then it's not that.
It's not what you think.
See, this seems like one of those things where the act of thinking it makes it so.
Yeah, right, right.
It's that reality field where it's sort of like when we talked about kissing your dad.
The moment you wonder whether or not it's weird, it is weird.
It's just as bad as doing it.
Because you wondered it.
So it wouldn't be weird if Griffin were to date someone with the same name as someone in our family because he's never thought it.
But now that you've thought it, it would be weird because you'd be making a choice.
I do like that you specified the same name as you or someone in your family.
Who are you encountering? I could see that with, like, Ryan and Ryan.
But, like, my name is, you know, Steven, and this is my girlfriend, Steven.
Like, is that a problem you have a lot?
I am also named Derek.
Hello. I am Derek 1. She is Derek 2.
Sometimes in this world, Travis, people who are a certain gender will be able to develop feelings towards people of that same gender.
Which I know is a strange concept to wrap your mind around at first, but it is a real thing.
So it is possible that maybe he doesn't want to date, like, he doesn't specify gender.
Maybe he is a gay gentleman, and maybe he has weird feelings about dating a dude with the same name as his dad.
I totes get that.
Yeah, that absolutely is not weird. That sounds like a good.
Now, okay, but see, here's the problem, and this is where all this always falls apart.
Do you, I mean, you, is this a general rule?
Like, is it okay as a general standard? Sure.
Should it keep you from somebody who, like, you're crazy about? Probably not.
I mean, that doesn't even make sense.
I mean, but as a rule?
Like, you're just thinning the herd.
What if her name is Grandma, though?
This is my girlfriend, Meemaw.
Hey, listen, Jerry, would it, I know things didn't go so well between you two. Would it be weird if I was to date Meemaw?
Would it be, and now I do not mean your ex-girlfriend, I mean your actual Meemaw.
Your literal Meemaw.
Would that be okay?
See, here's the thing.
Going into this question, I was straight up to, no, that's not weird.
You shouldn't date someone that has, like, the same name as your brother or something like that.
But now I feel like that's a, like, you pointed that out, Justin, and now I'm wondering, like, how far does that rule go?
Like, if you met an amazing girl and then, like, you found out that she was going by her middle name and her real first name was the same name as your aunt, do you break up with her?
Here's this hypothetical I'm going to put on you.
Listen, Aunt Kathy, this isn't working out.
I'm going to put this hypothetical on you, okay?
Give me.
Like, I have met at least one female named Griffin, so could you date a female Griffin?
If she was, I mean, if you weren't married.
Assuming she had already had her, like, her talons removed and things, right?
Yes.
No, no, no, no.
If, like, I'm, like, a real, genuine, fantastic woman named Griffin, would that be weird for you?
Yes.
If you guys weren't dating?
Yeah.
See?
There it is.
Very weird.
You've got to qualify it with, like, do we get along well?
But no, that's just fucking weird.
It's just weird, man.
It is just fucking weird.
Like, I've met female Justins.
No fucking way.
No way.
No way.
Zero percent chance.
No way would that ever happen.
You know what, FormSpring?
I flip.
You're right.
Good standard.
Stick with it.
Don't do it.
You're right.
I got a Yahoo.
Give me.
Hold out.
This one is by Yahoo Answers user Slappy4.
Sure.
He did it with Roman numerals, too, to let everyone know.
It's like a movie.
Slapnacious.
He asks, what will a tattoo on a babby look like later after the babby grows up into adult?
My child will get a dragon tattoo.
It is the tradition in my family.
However, I am wondering what it will look like when he gets bigger.
Will it become big dragon or be all spread out?
This is posted in babby names because his name is Merrick Power Sword.
First things first.
Yeah.
What is the first thing?
If you could illuminate that for me, I would appreciate it.
If people on the internet don't learn how to spell the word baby, I'm going to cut off
my own head and throw it in the river.
Baby.
Four letters.
You start out life as that thing.
You would think it would be the very first thing you learn how to spell.
What am I?
When you first become self-aware.
B-A-B-Y.
Got it.
I'm going to lock that down for the rest of my life.
B.
So far so good.
A. Doing great.
All right.
B. Okay.
B. Whoa.
Whoa.
See?
Now you jumped it.
You did one too many.
I know it's a nice letter.
It's got a sweet curvature, but you've got to chill out on that.
It's going to look like silly putty, basically.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
Yeah.
That's what it's going to look like.
It's going to look like stretched out silly putty, and your baby's going to be like,
I wish I'd had a choice.
A. Like when you took Prince Caspian and you just smeared his face out.
It's going to look exactly like that.
B. I think that you guys are thinking that this baby is going to be capable of logical
thought and comprehension after you give it a fucking tattoo when it's four weeks old.
I got a tattoo when I was 18, 19, and it hurt like a bitch.
Can you imagine being a baby and just for a solid half hour, just the most excruciating
thing?
A. Yeah, but we're not babies.
B. Is this life?
I don't like this anymore.
A. Hey.
Spoiler alert.
When you're a baby, somebody cut the tip of your dick off.
B. Yeah.
I guess that's true.
A. Oh, that stings.
That stings a little bit.
What you're doing with the needle, that, ooh, ooh, it's like a bad sunburn.
It's not as bad as a few seconds ago when you cut my dick off.
B. It's not quite as bad as the bris I got.
A. I want to meet that awesome tattoo artist.
You got a baby?
Yeah, fuck it.
I'll do it.
B. Yeah, fuck it.
A. Tape him down.
B. Maybe I'll tattoo a baby.
B. I just read one of the answers.
It's from user Katumble, which is K, apostrophe, tumble.
Katumble says, get him a lizard.
It will grow into a big dragon as the babby grows.
First of all, don't fucking encourage them with the babby talk.
Second of all, you dumb bitch.
What are you saying?
A. What are you saying?
Do you think they're going to do that instead of that?
My child didn't get a dragon tattoo, so instead we let him ride this giant iguana around the
house.
We bought him a Komodo dragon.
B. No, I think he's saying tattoo a lizard on his body and at, I guess, certain intervals
throughout that child's life, it'll grow into a dragon.
First of all, lizards don't just become dragons.
A. And they don't live in a tattoo.
B. They don't.
I mean, it'd be pretty fucking sweet if they did.
A. Fuck, that'd be sweet though.
I would get one.
If someone said, Justin, if you get an iguana tattoo on your baby, by the time it's old,
it would be a sentient dragon tattoo.
I would do it.
B. With Eddie Murphy's voice.
A. Yeah.
B. Yeah.
B. From Milan.
A. From Milan.
Uh, let's, let's, we, we got one from us, um, well, I, I don't want to give it away
just yet.
Uh, I smoke a small amount of marijuana on occasion to unwind after a long day of work.
This clearly bugs my girlfriend on an ideological level.
I don't bug out or need to be taken care of, she just doesn't like the idea of it.
When she wants to relax, she drinks wine.
I try to argue that despite its illegality, it helps her relax.
She has a pretty negative association with the drug, since she knew some pretty unsavory
types who did it in college.
I don't want to sneak joints since I'm a grown ass man, but I also don't want to disappoint
her.
What should I do, stoned and stumped, in St. Paul?
B. Those two things, like, they seem kind of like they go hand in hand.
A. Yeah.
B. Right?
A. I can't figure this out.
B. I don't know what to do.
A. In my opinion, if she gets to drink wine, you get to smoke weed.
B. Tell her that you will stop smoking weed when she stops drinking wine, and then ask
her about auto-related fatalities that were caused by wine, and then ask her about auto-fatalities
caused by marijuana.
A. Ask her how many marijuana addicts anonymous groups there are.
B. Zero.
A. But you guys are ignoring, like, if maybe she doesn't, I want to play devil's advocate
here, maybe she doesn't, you know, maybe she doesn't want her dude coming home from
Target every day with a new beanbag chair.
Right?
B. What happened to the casserole I made?
I ate the entire thing.
I'm very sorry.
A. I ate the whole thing on my bed of beanbag chairs.
B. You spent our baby's college money on Hostess cupcakes.
A. I thought it was Babby.
No, that's because you're a piehead, you're on Yahoo Answers.
This is all societal, right?
There's a connotation to being someone who smokes marijuana every day, and it's not a
positive connotation.
You know, wine is very glamorous, I think, or at least has been classed up considerably.
B. But you're still getting drunk.
A. Right.
Like, it's, the end effect is the same.
B. And your teeth are turning red.
It's gross.
A. It sounds like her, it sounds like her hangup, honestly.
It sounds like something that she really needs to get over.
I think that if she cares about you, and it's important enough to you that you're like,
not, most things when you're in a relationship and they irritate the other person, you just
stop doing them.
Right?
Like, how many things do you just like, okay, I don't care.
Yeah, fine.
I'll put the soap in this tray instead of whatever.
But this sounds like something that it's, it's important to you, and I think that if
she loves you, then, then you expressing that to her, saying like, hey, this is something
that I enjoy, and it's meaningful to me, and I would like to keep doing it.
B. Can I make another suggestion?
A. She should respect that.
Yeah.
B. Just go outside and look into the sun for like, I don't know, as long as you can, an
hour or two.
A. Does it get too high?
B. No, no, no, no, but you will get wicked cataracts.
And then you, you gotta get on that weed then.
A. Oh, you gotta get a prescription.
B. Then it's like, not even your choice.
Then if she says shit about it, you can be like, baby, it's medical.
A. It's from the cats.
B. It's from the cats.
A. No matter what you do, don't sneak joints, because that shit smells like, you're not
going to hide that.
And then she's going to know, and you're going to know, and if you're sneaking it, then,
you know, you're pretending that she doesn't know, and I find that slightly offensive.
So just do it and be like, baby, here's what I'm doing. I'm sorry. I know you don't like
it, but I do.
And...
B. Do you know what's offensive? Do you know what's offensive? This is against the law.
Why are we even talking about this? This is, this is against, this is an infraction.
A. Except it's illegal.
B. It's illegal, Stone and Stump. Maybe your wife doesn't want to go to jail.
A. Forever.
B. For harboring a drug terrorist, which is basically what you are.
A. Yeah.
B. St. Paul, do you know how strict their, their weed laws are?
A. Not very.
B. Probably super strict, because it's got a saint in it, and they, the saints, I guess,
don't like weed. I don't know where that, that line of logic is going.
A. Except for St. Mary Jane.
B. It's illegal.
A. Woo!
B. Woo!
B. What? It's illegal. I don't even want to talk about this anymore. I'm disgusted with
this for an adult, Chan.
A. I've called, I just called the cops. I'm calling the cops right now.
B. Shane. Shane writes to us from Gmail, and he says, I've packed my bags and moved away.
All the way across the nation, in fact. New York to Oregon. But I still find myself thinking
of my ex-girlfriend. We were together six years. Daily. What do I do now? Shit, man.
There's not a part two.
A. I guess move back and try again. Move back and then move away again.
B. Yeah.
A. I mean, we could tell you some cool shit to do in Oregon, I guess. I hear there's the,
the Rocky Mountains are like right there.
B. You got to get back. You got to get back up on the horse. Got to get back up on the
horse. This is what you're feeling is utterly natural because you did not just let go of
a girl. You let go of six years of your life that you spent with this person. You, you
create a whole identity for yourself and that part of yourself is gone too, but it is gone.
You got to get a bite out of that recovery sandwich and get back on the horse and go,
go get down. Get, get into it. Get out there. Get, drink deep and don't waste another second
on this girl that you're done with.
A. Especially if you just moved across the country to a new, you know, state where you
don't know many people probably. Harboring, you know, feelings for an ex. That's, that's
not the way to, that's not the way to, you know, lay down roots in a new town.
B. That is true. And I think that part of thinking about her daily, it's kind of a self-fulfilling
prophecy is because you keep thinking about her, you keep thinking about her. And I know
that this sounds kind of offhand, but you got to stop thinking about it. You got to
get a hobby, you know, go explore your new city, make some new friends, go to a concert.
Just take your mind off it and your mind will be off it. You don't want to think about her
as much. It's, ask anybody who's ever been in a long-term relationship and then ended
up, you know, who've been in several relationships and ended up in the right one that you don't
miss this person. It feels like that, but what you miss is, is being in a relationship.
If you miss this person, you wouldn't have, have ended it. Now, now if they ended it,
either way it's, you've got to convince yourself that they weren't the right person for you
and what you miss is being with somebody who you care about. And that is not the futile
position that you have put yourself in right now. There's nothing you can do about the
situation you put yourself in so that you got to change the rules. You got to change
the dynamic of this problem until it's something you can action. You can.
And also be careful that you're not going hunting for that same level of comfort immediately.
That's not going to happen. Your next relationship, you're going to want to make it at the same
level that this six year relationship ended up at. And that's not how this works. That's
why you get people who rebound and stuff like that, because you're trying to force this
to be that comfort level and you just got to go out and have fun, brother. You just
got to get stoned and stumped.
Yeah. I just had a great idea. Um, what if to help him, you know, cope with this, you
know, the pain that he's obviously struggling with. What if we brought Shane on the show
every week? Um, and we did a weekly segment where like if we found like a really bad Yahoo
answers question or if somebody sent in a question where it's like, uh, I'm cheating
on my wife. How do I, you know, like something just like, Oh, you're a terrible person.
We get Shane on the show. We do a segment, uh, called Shane on you. Um, it could be just
as simple as just getting Shane, like we read the question and then we get like maybe just
a clip of Shane just going, uh, Shane on you, Shane, if you want to send us an MP3, um,
I got a Yahoo. Yeah. Give it to me. Oh wait, wait, wait. You, you mentioned people in the
show and you reminded me our buddy Tristan, he's back. The Marine is back. He's better
than ever. He's like full Marine. He's like cut from glass. No, he looks like a chiseled
like Athenian God wearing a small, uh, Hey Jeffrey shirt and he looks like it, like a,
like a, some sort of superhero, like a war superhero. It's incredible, but we're glad
to have him back and we're glad that he's shipping back out for, for more training.
I think later down. No, I'm just saying, but we have a nice little, we have a nice little
two week window here where we can just like, you know, just chill with and then he's off
to kill again. Yeah. Offer more murder. I think he's going to training camp again. So
I'm not sure. Training for killing, training for murder. Although I loved all of his, he's
got a new perspective on life and that much is clear. He's the Triscuit on Twitter if
you want to follow him, but he's got a new perspective on life. Like, um, he went back
and listened to all the old episodes and heard that people were complaining that we didn't
do an episode on labor day, uh, to which he responded. I got four hours off on labor day.
The rest of the time I was, you know, crawling through human excrement or whatever they make
you do in Marine training camp. And he was happy about it. He was totally happy. You know
why? Cause he loves fucking freedom. Yahoo me. Thank you, Tristan, for everything. Thank
you, Tristan, for the freedom. Yeah. Um, this one was sent in by John and Tony Magickers,
uh, which is, that's not even the Yahoo answer. That's like the guys who sent it in, but it's
from one email account. We have the best names. I know. Um, I guess they share it. Uh, but
thank you, John and Tony Magickers. They're the Magickers. I love it. Yahoo answers user
Chelsea Ann. There's a whole bunch of like punctuation marks in there that I didn't read
because I wouldn't know how to like verbalize them, but we'll just boil it down to its,
its core components, which are Chelsea Ann. Chelsea Ann asks, when a movie star watches
a movie with them in it, is it like watching a home video of themselves? Oh, it's so awesome.
Can you imagine like when Robert Pattison watches Twilight and he's like, this is when I was a
vampire. I remember like Will Smith watching any movie he ever did. Like I have the coolest fucking
life ever. He calls up old Goldblum and he's like, Goldblum, remember when we took down those
aliens together? That was awesome. I don't, I don't remember that well. I, it was in a movie.
No, no, we totally did it. I have video proof. Welcome to Earth. Do you remember when I said,
welcome to Earth? It was awesome. Now Willow, when I was, uh, when I was 29 years old, uh,
I stopped the robot apocalypse from happening with a robot Alan Tudyk. It's like after Liam
Neeson's been, uh, been watching his home movies at his house, he walks up to Jewish people and
just says, you're welcome. No, no need to thank me in great. I just put your parents on my list.
Do you think Adam Sandler watches his home movies and it's like, what's wrong with me?
Why did, for a brief period in my early thirties, late twenties, was, was I a mentally handicapped
gentleman? Do you think it really confuses Bruce Willis when he watches Armageddon? Yeah. He's
like, oh, I'm dead. Oh, he watches six cents and he's confused. Oh shit. Oh my God. Yeah. You want
to talk about somebody? What a twist. Elijah Wood. Elijah Wood. That was weird. What a sweeping
adventure that was. Don't remember that. Uh, Sam Jackson, not in the belly of a shark. No,
well half of it isn't. Yeah. Uh, I don't think that there's anybody who really,
maybe Polly Shore does that and he gets a little sad cause he was always doing things that I think
were more, um, important than when he was actually doing. He was always joining the army or running a
family farm or wheezing the juice or wheezing the juice. Maybe, you know, he was fighting,
okay. He was like fighting for, for, um, you know, like ecological equality and biodome.
Like that was a pretty important, that was a pretty important issue that he just tackled
at first. And then he made some trouble in that bubble. He did make some trouble in that bubble
with who was that? Was that one of the, that was Steven, uh, Steven Baldwin. It was actually
Alec Baldwin. No, it fucking wasn't. It would have been way better. Are you kidding me, Travis?
No, I just wanted that to be true. I know that. I just, God, I wanted that to be true.
He's so slick. God, he's so cool. Such a slick guy. I bet he just leave the biodome and be like,
well, I'm not staying here. I'm Alec Baldwin. I've got to go be rad. What are we talking about?
Like what are we even doing on this show? I have, I'm going to ask an actual question
and actual advice it. Advice it up. As they say, uh, I need some professional advice.
Well, you've come to the right place. My coworker who has a level above me in my project group just,
whoa, I'm getting way corporate here. I'm going to slow it down a little bit.
My coworker who was a level above me in my project group just left the company and I have inherited
all of his work. I've been doing the work of two, but still getting paid the same. I'm hoping MBM
can advise me in how to make more cheddar overworked and underpaid. Strike.
You got a strike. Just a big strike. One man's strike. One man's strike it. You may not be able
to tell from our, our conversations, but we are union men through and through. Yeah. Yeah. We are
pro through and through. Um, you gotta, you gotta make a stand. You gotta draw a line in the sand
and show them which side you're on. Uh, just anytime someone goes into your building,
call them a strike breaker, call them a scab. Although technically no one can scab because
it is a one man strike. So there could not be a scab. It's just you. You could, but you'd have to
like guilt them. Like you wouldn't be able to physically stop them, but you'd be like, oh,
come on, come on. I'm trying to make a difference. Come on. I'm having a hard time of it.
Right now you're doing the work of two men getting paid for the work of one.
Yeah. You gotta do the work of half a man and just wait until it evens out. Yep.
Till you've like, till balance sheets are clear. Have you considered creating an alternate
personality that collects collects a separate paycheck, like wearing a mustache and a darker
shirt and walking out going, uh, I didn't get paid this week. Um, yeah, that's how,
that's how jobs work. I'm, I'm Jim's partner. I'm Jim's partner on that big project. I didn't get
paid. I've got, I'm at the payment office. I working on the big project project that I,
my other identity is also definitely really working on, but I'm pretending like I don't know
the name of it. Oh, my name it's Jonas. Please money. Jonas, please money. Hi, I'm Jonas. Please
money. Please ignore my monocle and the fact that my, my mustache, the spirit gum is peeling off
and causing it to fall off of my face. But I will need that paycheck now, please. I do need my
paycheck. Um, the, the police money family isn't going to feed themselves. Uh, did you try asking
your boss? Cause that's what I would do. Say, Hey, this isn't fair. And you know what? I'll be super
straight with you. Things are not so good in the economy right now. So they're probably doing this
because they know it would be very difficult for you to find another job. And that sucks,
but there's probably not a lot you can do about it right now. And sometimes you got to do crap
like that so that later you can say, Hey, remember when I did that crap? Like think of this as like
storing up, you know, ammunition for when you come up for your yearly review or whatever happens in
the corporate world. And you say, you know, I've been doing a lot of work lately. I've really been
picking up the slack. I think it's time, you know, that I get promoted and say, you know, like this
guy quit, you didn't replace him. And honestly, I, I think it's fair that if I'm going to do all
this work, I should get some of the money. There's nothing, there's nothing wrong with asking that.
Like they, managers and owners go around all day, hoping you don't ask that. Like if you don't ask
that, then that is what they would like very much for you to do. Especially if you're doing this
much work. I mean, you know, fear of bad economy aside, if you're doing this much work, you're
probably helping them out a lot. So like they don't need to pay you twice as much as you're
getting paid now, but you know, just throw some bones your way. 100% raise. 100% raise or you
walk. What do we want? 100% raise. When do we want it? By next Friday, because that's pretty soon.
As soon as it can be, you know, matriculated through the payment system. Gotta go through
HR and I understand that's a long process, but as soon as possible, please money. And then,
and that's not a good chant, but it will, it will have a good effect. I have a,
a problem with severe awkwardness. Um, and now a question.
No, I have a problem with severe awkwardness. I feel awkward for people on television and they get
into awkward situations. I also have trouble conversing on the phone. I hear it ringing and
I go hide until it stops. You know, it can't see you. I often try to diffuse awkward situations by
jokingly stating, well, this is awkward. Okay. That's not helping. There's all kinds of ways
we're going to be able to help you, but let me finish the question. The only problem is I'm
usually the only one feeling awkward. Me stating that makes the other resulting in me feeling
even more awkward. How can I stop feeling so damn awkward all the time? And this is from,
of course, awkward person. It's like a, it's like a snail shell. It's all just so recursive. Like
you're your own worst enemy in these, in these situations. Like maybe you're just like constantly
afraid that you'll accidentally drop a racial slur. Like maybe that's what you're super afraid of.
Maybe that's what you're super afraid of. Um, it's, it's really not a problem except you're
making it so it's like thinking about kissing your dad. Let's, let's address this piece by piece
feeling awkward for people on TV. I think we already addressed this in the home movie movie
star question. They're not real people. Yeah. Don't, don't sweat it. I understand what you're
saying. It happens to me too. Um, there's a name for it that I don't know who first started using
but, but people call it wash off that feeling you get where you're like, Oh God, this is the worst.
You got to just, I get it too. Like real bad. There's a lot of things I can't watch. Cause
it's like, Oh, that's too. It makes it hard to watch the office. That's for sure. Oh yeah.
God damn sure. See, I had to see an office. It doesn't bother me. Um, Griffin sent around this
interview with Jake Lloyd. Oh my God. Little Anakin Skywalker all grown up. And it is the
the worst thing I've ever seen. Cause it's like the, the interviewer wants him to be Anakin so
bad. Like wants him to be this wreck and he is fighting it like with two things. No, I'm just,
you know, I'm really into editing now. They get the interview. So you, uh, you keep in touch with
any of the old cast bitch. Like I just, yeah, I called up my, I called Nat port the other day.
I was taking on that. What's up? I want to come to the edit bay and chill. I got some hardies.
That is just a type of entertainment that you don't enjoy. If you see that and it's happening,
you got to get away from it. The phone, dude, I get it. I'm right there. I hate the phone too.
I usually let every call go to voicemail unless it's like Travis or Griffin. Cause I don't want
to deal with, I can't deal with it. But see, anyone who knows me well knows I don't, I don't
make phone calls. If I can help it, I text message for that very reason text message.
I can just say one sentence and I'm not going to get like trapped in a conversation when I really
just needed to ask what time the party was at. As far as like the awkward in the situation,
I get that. Cause like my sense of things being awkward is so finely tuned that I'm
constantly thinking that things are awkward when they're not, um, that happens to me all the time.
And I, the only solution I can give to you, cause I, I haven't cracked this particularly,
not in my own life is to try to figure out what like the awkwardness fine, but try to get deeper
and figure out like what it is that's upsetting you, like what it is that's making it seem awkward
to you. And then try to deal with that. Cause a lot, cause I think awkward is like a symptom.
Like for me, when I feel awkward, I usually just, it's that I'm worried about looking stupid.
That's exactly what it is. I'm worried about saying the wrong thing.
It's not an emotion, right? It's not like a causal thing. Like awkwardness. It's like,
it's like fear. Like you, you have it. It's, it's something that you create based on the
situation that you're in. It's possible to never feel awkward your entire life. If you just like,
if you run into an awkward situation, like you make a joke about somebody's brother and they're
like, oh, my brother's dead. Then you just got to like, you can feel awkward or you can, you can,
you know, try and play it back, try and roll that ball back.
I think what you should keep in mind is situations are not awkward. People are awkward.
Like the situation is not inherently anything. It is your interpretation of the situation that
makes it awkward. So, and I know that everyone's going to immediately come up with some situation
in their head and be like, but what about this? That's inherently awkward. Well, no, that's just
everyone reacting to that makes that awkward. If everybody was just cool with it, it's not awkward.
A lot of the times the way you get out of situations that are awkward is by acting like
a phony. I'm like, I hate that. Cause like in my own day to day, I try to be really honest in my,
in my interpersonal interactions. And I, and I, a lot of times you just got to do it though.
You just gotta be like, say things you don't mean to get out of a rough situation. Yeah.
I say, I say our new motto near my bim bam. No phonies. No phonies allowed. No phonies allowed.
Hey phonies, Shane on you. Shane on your phonies. We're going to go back and edit in Shane actually
saying it though. Yeah. You gotta stop saying, well, this is awkward. Like you, you have,
you have to stop saying it. That is the action item. That's a bomb. That's like a bomb. When
you say that you are making it awkward for everybody in like a two mile vicinity of you.
Yeah. Hey Griffin, do you have like a cracker Jack Yahoo that you've been sitting on that
you're just like, here, this is what I made for you. Something banging. I have a few. How about
this one? This one was actually sent in by two people. Like they, one person sent it in and then
another person sent it in like an hour later, which is insane. It's, it was sent in by Lulz
to miss prime and Patrick toy. Thank you. You too. It's by Yahoo answers user, a great white shark.
Uh, usually whenever I read these, like I try to like just read it in a very, uh, just my standard,
you know, voice. Uh, I try to enunciate and make it clear. I think I have like a certain voice.
I've gone back and listened to old episodes and I do definitely have a voice when I do these,
but I think for this one, um, maybe we should read it in the style of like the person who actually
wrote it. Like what I imagined him sounding like. Is this going to be horrifically racist?
Uh, no. Okay. Does drinking tea make my dick bigger?
Tea has many health benefits. Is this one of them? I noticed a difference lately.
This is just my imagination. Whoa, let's go. I don't know what I've been slurping that
chamomile down like crazy. Is that I've got extra thickness and half down there. Is it the tea?
It's like a hefty thick. Are you not peeing? Like, is that the problem? Well, I'm like,
do so big and it's purple and I want to black out. Why did I drink so much tea? They're right.
This is not a sipping tea. This is a gulping tea because if you sip it, your dick won't get big
as fast. Maybe he just has tea boners. He just loves the tea. This chai boner.
I had someone say to me the other day that they, like we were having a conversation about boners
like you do and they said, oh yeah. And like, you know, when guys get bored, so they get boners
and I was like, what? That's not a thing. That doesn't happen.
What? When I get bored, I just want to check that that's true for everyone,
right? That there's never time like, I'm still bored.
I get boners in two. There are two things. Two catalysts, two boner catalysts.
Tea. It's yeah, tea and things that are sexy. Yeah, right. If I get, if I see both, like if I,
uh, if I'm drinking tea and like a lady drops something nearby.
Oh boy. Or if she drops a tea bag. Oh boy.
If I wasn't so bored right now. Yeah, you'd be in trouble.
Um, uh, no, no, he does not. He does not. Can you imagine like the UK like, oh my God,
it's how they would do. Well, all they do is just compare their half. The trick is not if you drink
it, you gotta pour it right on there. You just pour it boiling hot when it's straight out,
boiling hot, just dump it right on there. That was actually the plot of the fourth
Austin Powers movie. They abandoned it. Dick tea, dick tea, tea on his dick.
Yahoo answers user JD responded. Hell yeah. That's all I drink and I'm packing.
Is it maybe like maybe like maybe big dick gentlemen are drawn to see because they can,
it's like a, it's like a reverse Corvette sort of thing. Like I don't care. I drink tea.
It's like a snail shell. It's re it's recursive. I, are you, is it like a snail shell? It's like
the spruce goose is spruce goose made of snow shells. Um, guys, I gotta say I drink coffee
like exclusively. Am I, am I missing out on a, an opportunity to, I'm actually sipping a delicious
Earl gray right now and enjoying my massive boner. Oh man. Patrick Stewart's boner out of this world.
Forget about it. Get it out of this world.
Uh, if you don't drink tea, then you're, you'll just have another down there. There's nothing
you gotta get up on tea. It gives you a bigger wang. Um, don't put honey in it. Don't put sugar
in it. Cause that's, that's counterintuitive. Don't put honey on it and don't put sugar on it
because that is sticky. You're not going to enjoy that. Uh, that's not going to help the size,
the size issue either. Um, in December I will be performing for the first time on stage in
my school's theater production, knowing that at least one member of your Trinity has knowledge
of the performing arts. Is there anything I can expect from my chosen extracurricular activity?
Also, is there an easy way to cope with the often indignant? Oh, you're in the musical remarks.
Thanks for the knowledge dropping, John. Oh, John, you're in such luck. You're in such luck.
All three parts of this Trinity, uh, have been in. Yeah. Yeah. We've been in sound of music.
You, hello, Dolly. I'm proud of it. Yeah. Uh, well, John, everybody in theater is secret gay.
Now, hold on. The people who are in theater are embracing that secret gay side of them.
The person that the people that make fun of people in theater, um, are, are the ones who
are secret self hating gay. Um, like you look at us. We, last week we talked a lot of yay about
furries, but to cover up the fact that we are all right now as we record the show wearing free
costumes. That is true. What do you guys show? I've ever recorded. I'm a, I'm a sexy cow. Um,
I am an apologetic tiger because I feel bad to our furry friends. I feel wicked bad. Like,
not like our furry friends, like forest creatures. I mean like friends that are furry. I, I,
here's, here's the thing. Let's, let's put this question on pause. We'll get back to it.
Cause we need to address this. I think that hatred comes from fear and fear comes from a
lack of understanding and fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. I learned so much about
that community in this past week from people who sent an email. I was like, Hey, I wish you hadn't
have said, um, that you wish I would die in a fire. Like maybe we did jump the gun a little
bit in that respect, but I guess there are people who are, who enjoy like that idea of people with,
with animal heads and fur and shit. Um, but not in like, not like a sexy man fox,
just railing on a lady rabbit. Like maybe there's no sex involved in it at all. It's just like an
aspect of nerd culture. The sexy ones are called yip yippers, right? I have no idea. I did learn
a new term. Um, uh, there's a, uh, someone on our forums who is a, who's a furry. He goes by
the name root. Um, and he, he jokingly referred to us as first executioners, which I thought was
great. The community's most, the most valuable thing they have about them is their portmanteaus.
They will drop them like nobody's business. I guess like only like five percent of that
community actually dresses up like animals and, um, bones down on each other. So, so like,
I think we, we made some assumptions last week and for that I am, I'm truly sorry.
Justin Perdue I am sorry too. Now, John, now Secret
Gate John, that's a whole other thing. You, if you're in the musical, people are going to think
what they're going to think. Um, you have got to focus on the things that are not those people,
like the magic of the stage, the smell of the grease paint, the roar of the crowd,
the thrill of the footlights as they, they create a path for you to Broadway glory. Um,
that's the kind of thing you need to be focused on.
Justin Perdue Do you have your tap right? You got to get
your tap right.
John
Yeah, you, you know what, you know what's up. Um, okay. And when your friends or you're not
friends give you shit about being in the musical, explain to them that there are also women in the
musical that you get to hang out with backstage and drop words like dressing rooms. Yeah.
Justin Perdue That's an infantile way of winning.
Justin Perdue Yeah, I peep. I peep dressing rooms.
Justin Perdue I saw so many bras, checked out a lot of bras
during, you should see all the bras in the room. John, I, I'm going to help you out with this
seriously. This is the serious, we're going to deal with this problem together. We're at a point
in our society and our history where, um, being a homosexual person is not something to be derided.
Um, it's, it's not something to be like hated or judged or feared or anything. It's just
a way people are. If you deal with people like that, then you are going to elevate that
conversation. You are going to win that every time. If you say, well, no, I'm, um, I just like
performing in musicals, but what would be wrong with it if I was gay? Oh, you could, oh boy.
Justin Perdue Straight up say, oh no, I just actually enjoy
expressing myself and don't have to belittle others.
Justin Perdue Yeah. Yeah. Like that. And then it kind of
sounds like the end of a scene from full house, but I think you should try it.
Jared Polin But in like a full house episode where like
Michelle's like, Hey, go fuck yourself, bigot. Like,
Justin Perdue Yeah, right. Right.
Jared Polin Uncle Joey, that was awful. What you just
said. Fucking bigot. Cut it out.
Justin Perdue Cut it out, bigot. Comet, you fucking racist.
Comet was a racist. Joey was a bigot. Danny, uh, really into S and M.
Jared Polin No, you're ruining it.
Justin Perdue Uncle Jesse a furry, but like not like a
cool one.
Jared Polin But like a cool one. He didn't dress up like
it, but even if you dress up like it, guys, to get back on that point,
Justin Perdue To get back on furry.
Jared Polin Don't listen to us. Like if you if you want
to dress up like a sexy raccoon, like just do it. Don't let anyone, even us, tell you
not to do it. Like we're uncomfortable with it, but fuck it. Fuck it. Maybe we're bigots.
Who knows? Just do it. Just do what you want to do. Don't listen to anyone ever.
Justin Perdue Maybe we're secret furries. Who knows?
Jared Polin Just don't be a phony about it.
Justin Perdue Secret furries.
Jared Polin Do not be a phony whatever you do.
Justin Perdue No, no phonies allowed.
Jared Polin MPH.
Justin Perdue MPH.
Jared Polin Wait, I spelled that wrong. MPA. Damn it.
Jared Polin Oh, you tried your best. You tried.
Justin Perdue I was thinking of Neil Patrick Harris.
Jared Polin Yeah. Yeah. John gets derided, but Travis is
having Freudian slips on Neil Patrick Harris. And John's the gay one.
Jared Polin Now, keep in mind, we're saying no phonies
allowed. Ponies, totally okay. Or people who dress up like ponies.
Justin Perdue I want to hear.
Jared Polin That's cool, too.
Justin Perdue I want to hear Griffin's last question,
but we have a couple of little housekeeping things. First off,
one of our biggest talent week ever last week, just from you guys talking about the show,
tweeting about it, voting about it. Not voting about it, just voting for it in various forums,
reviewing it, critiquing it, talking it up. It's just because of you guys. We are so, so, so, so,
so grateful. We are this week rolling out a new line.
Jared Polin Are we sure it's this week?
Justin Perdue I'm almost positive that it will be this
week. Our buddy Sean at Ninja Bot told me that he would have it ready for today when the show goes
live. But it may, you know, maybe it'll be Tuesday, but it'll definitely be this week. A new line from
my brother, my brother and me, gear, merchandise. We have five items, I think, for you.
Jared Polin Lady shirt, red shirt with the logo.
We have the brown shirt with the pack your bags. We have the coffee mug.
Justin Perdue And we have a hooded sweatshirt
that will be navy blue. And we're doing something kind of neat with that. All our profits from the
hooded, we always invest the stuff we make back into the show to try to make the show better and
more popular and more enjoyable for you. But on the hooded sweatshirt, we are going to donate all
of our profits to Big Brothers Big Sisters, which we thought was a thematically appropriate charity.
Jared Polin Because some people, some people ain't got brothers.
Justin Perdue Yeah, that's a fact. It's a fact. We're going
to pay for brothers. It is a you're making a donation to buy a brother for someone. But
if you want those, make sure you preorder them because we're only making as many sweatshirts
as as we preorder. So if you if you want stuff for Christmas, like this is the round to get it in and
you want to guarantee you're going to get something you want to preorder with this round. If you want
to buy something for that special somebody or want them to buy something for you, make sure
tell them to do it like right away. We'll keep some extras of the other stuff in stock. But
the sweatshirt you need to preorder if you want it. And then like I said, all money for that goes
to Brothers Big Sisters. So it's a good good cause. You're helping to people see you wearing that
they know that you've got not only a warm torso, but a warm heart as well.
Jared Polin They'll also think you're rich because it
will be expensive. Like as far as like garments go, it will cost a premium, but you're helping.
Justin Perdue Not not not actually talk to not a crazy amount.
Not it's not going to be. No, not like. Yeah. No, no, God, no, nothing like that.
But anyway, all that stuff is going to be on the site. So make sure you check it out.
Jared Polin Also wanted to thank everyone on Twitter.
You know, not only for mentioning the show, telling your friends, spreading the love,
but apparently there's some stuff going on at podcast awards.com.
Justin Perdue Apparently the Academy.
Thank thank you.
Jared Polin Yeah.
Justin Perdue Thanks for that.
Jared Polin Well, we do appreciate it. You guys are great.
Justin Perdue Yeah. Thanks, as always, to Bob Ball,
who reads our comes over to my house every Monday and reads the announcement, the disclaimer at the
beginning.
Jared Polin Super inconvenient for him. Like he lives on the other side of the nation.
Justin Perdue He's making it really.
Jared Polin And also, if you haven't done so already,
get down on those forums. Get over there. Things are happening and you want to be able to say that
you got in there on the ground floor. We have hundreds of people there talking, chatting,
learning, living, loving, growing, and you do not want to miss out on that.
Jared Polin I learned. This week I learned about
furries in the furry community. There's a difference between furries and fursuiters.
Guys, it's happening over there. It's like school. It's like college over there.
Justin Perdue It's a learning opportunity. Thanks also to
everybody who mentioned us this week on the Twitter, Gaming Savant and
Chrissy23Cherissy.
Jared Polin I don't know. HybridMisfit just gave us a
shout out. Thanks, HybridMisfit.
Justin Perdue Yeah. What's up?
Jared Polin So, okay. Oh, and we straight up got a
mention from a girl with a porn site. Made me really happy. Iona Grace.
Jared Polin Wow. That's awesome.
Justin Perdue I thought so.
Jared Polin Hey, should we talk about that, DJ?
Justin Perdue Oh, yeah. What's up with that? What's
the story there?
Jared Polin We got an email from this DJ who goes by the
name Rocky Horror. He takes mixtapes. He makes mixtapes based on themes. He made one on Lost,
which I guess mixes homespun jams with cuts, lines from Lost.
Justin Perdue Like deep cuts?
Jared Polin Like deep, deep cuts from Lost,
but of people talking. But each mixtape has a theme, and he wants to do one based on my brother,
my brother and me. So he's going to be touring with that and just spinning it in the clubs,
in the warehouse raves. So if we can just riff for 30 seconds, give him dope things to say.
We need to say his name, Rocky Horror, and his co-DJ, Bird Flu.
Justin Perdue Okay.
Jared Polin We have to fit that into it somehow, but we
got to think of some dope things to say that when you hear it in the club, you're like, yeah,
and you flip your light sticks around and shit.
Justin Perdue Yeah, you're like, Rocky Horror.
Jared Polin Bird Flu, dance all night. Bird Flu, dance all night.
Justin Perdue We can't talk over each other, though, because
you can't spin.
Jared Polin Okay, I'll go first, and then we'll just go
in a round, okay? So I'll say something dope, and then Travis listens. Okay, Rocky Horror is the DJ.
Bird Flu has the best shoes. Look at his shoes.
Jared Polin Rocky Horror, four on the floor.
Justin Perdue Yeah.
Jared Polin Dub stop. Bird Flu, make you dance all night.
Bird Flu, make you dance all night.
Justin Perdue Bird Flu, don't stop.
Jared Polin Don't stop.
Justin Perdue Don't stop.
Jared Polin Boom intellectual.
Justin Perdue Uh.
Jared Polin Crunch and dump.
Jared Polin Rocky Horror, late night, party, in the city.
Justin Perdue Turn it up, not down.
Jared Polin Getting loose, getting tight.
Justin Perdue Spruce goose, spruce goose.
Jared Polin Bird Flu, sprucing his goose.
Justin Perdue Buy her a drink.
Jared Polin Don't be cheap.
Jared Polin Bird Flu.
Justin Perdue Fat girl, off the floor.
Jared Polin Bird Flu, be responsible, call a cab. You're on ecstasy.
Justin Perdue Call a cab.
Jared Polin Bird Flu, don't be a fool, wrap your tool.
Justin Perdue Dub style.
Jared Polin Dub step.
Justin Perdue Everybody be smiling, everybody be dancing.
Jared Polin What the, what kind of rave is this? Is this a reggae rave?
Jared Polin Lose yourself in the sound of the steel drum.
Justin Perdue Where's the minute bowl?
Jared Polin Oh shit.
Justin Perdue So hopefully that's enough.
Jared Polin So that should be good, I guess. Can you read the last question?
Justin Perdue Yeah, although I don't know, I don't know how to.
Jared Polin Dub step.
Justin Perdue Dub scale.
Jared Polin We got a lot of raves.
Justin Perdue Sure, this one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
The Yahoo Answers user Dansby asks, what is good etiquette when dumpster diving for
food and other items? Behind stores, of course.
Jared Polin I'm Justin McElroy.
Justin Perdue I'm Travis McElroy.
Jared Polin I'm Griffin McElroy.
Justin Perdue This has been my brother, my brother, and me. Dub step.
Jared Polin Dub step.
Justin Perdue And kiss your dad's grind lips.
