The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Uh, hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
You know, folks, here we are. It's the end of a tour. The end of our four-day tour.
And we are not as young as we once were. Time works. Yeah, and this tour has been
plagued with completely unavoidable injuries. Was anybody at the Minneapolis show last night?
I don't tell what happened, but I suffered a very brave injury.
On top of Griffin's unavoidable injury. Brave, heroic.
Griffin fell backwards in his chair. It's really the only injury you can sustain in our format.
We don't have a lot of pyrotechnics. It made the local newspaper headlines that said,
hero boy has good fall. Yeah, hero boy saved show with brat fall. I had the unavoidable injury of
one of the hosts of Hello from the Magic Tavern, Adol Raffaei.
You know how sometimes you unavoidably arm wrestle someone seven times?
Because you unavoidably drink. Because you unavoidably drank bourbon.
And then you wake up and you're old and your shoulders and your arms hurt.
And then the next day, different parts of your body hurt. That's what old age is,
by the way, young people. I have sustained a 48-hour spectrum of injuries from arm wrestling,
some of which took 36 hours to develop. And I have a fever right now.
I had a fever so bad last night that I started trying to figure out who would be Justin tonight.
That's how bad this fever was. And I know, listen,
you're all listening to this right now and you're like, money back, please.
And I get that. But no, no, there's no refunds. We need that body for like,
we need that money for operations, apparently to our old, old bodies.
Here's the thing. We woke up this morning real early and then we got on a train.
Not just any train, the Empire Builder. The Empire Builder.
It's a line that goes from Chicago to Seattle. We took it just on the brief leg,
the two brief leg from Minneapolis to Milwaukee, which was only six hours.
And I don't think there's anything that six hours were at the end of it.
I think, oh man, I can't believe it's over. But that's the way I felt after this train today.
I couldn't believe that I had to get off the train.
It healed my back.
Yeah.
Yeah. It made me not have drunkenly arm wrestled Adil Rafai. It was amazing.
Justin still does have a fever.
Uh oh, but I'm feeling good now. I was feeling a little rough 45 seconds ago back there.
But then I came out and I got some me, I opened up a tall,
cool glass of Milwaukee energy and now you've fed it into me.
And I so appreciate that.
And just so you know, and I don't,
I don't like to throw my power behind things lightly, but ride more trains.
Yeah.
They're great. I want them to have a resurgence that I can take a train like to the grocery store.
Even their announcements are like a hundred times better than airplane announcements.
Can you have the, can we,
Hold on. I'll see if it'll work.
I don't know if we got permission from, there was a gentleman named Will.
Who kept doing announcements that were the best shit I'd ever heard in my entire life.
And I looked forward to them.
Cause he wasn't doing the usual like Southwest airlines, Austin powers impression.
All right, let's see if we can see me hear this.
Okay. I'll do my best.
Ice cold beer.
It is now being served in the cafe bar.
So come on down, grab that sweet treat, that tasty snack, that cool beverage.
And don't forget that delicious cup of coffee always.
As well, I had, and you know what?
I didn't need those things, but you know, I had to get down there to see that guy
and he was as delightful as you would hope he would be.
It was amazing.
Thank you, Will.
Thank you, trains.
Thank you, choo choo train.
Should we do our thing where we do the questions?
So we got an advice show, as you've certainly guessed by now.
We're going to take an intermission.
So, I mean, not right now, but we will be taking intermission, intermission.
Like we're going to be taking several intermissions throughout the night.
Justin will be asleep during the whole intermission.
Just straight up.
But when we got an eight minute diarrhea intermission, I'll let you know.
But when we come back, when we come back from intermission,
we're going to do audience questions.
So we want you to be thinking about those now, prepping and stealing yourself
for when you stand up and there's lights up and you're like,
oh shit, there's a lot of people here.
And you have to talk in front of them.
Please.
I have a coworker who immediately after crossing the doorway of the bathroom
starts unbuckling and unzipping his pants.
And as he walks to the urinal, he doesn't seem to have a medical condition
or even have to go with any urgency.
My question to you brothers is how close to the toilet do you need to be
in order to start getting ready?
It's a good who's that?
Who's that by?
No name.
Are you here?
Holy shit.
Are you nine feet tall?
Oh, I don't know if that came from the balcony or if they're nine feet tall.
It's a good question because if you think about it,
the if you're not close enough and Nina was the name,
I don't know why I didn't close enough in Nina.
OK, so the weird thing is, if you think about it, you if you start that
literally the second before you cross the threshold of the bathroom,
it's a crime.
And then you get across through the threshold
and it's not a crime anymore.
So what do we do?
What do we even do in here?
So I feel like from a legality perspective,
you're fine once you cross the threshold.
Holy shit.
I've never thought about it before, but there I can't think of any other
one, maybe a bedroom, a room that's like it's OK if you do it in here.
It's not a crime.
Nude zone.
Yeah, like just that idea of like we have designated
that there's something in this paint that protects your nudity.
It's lead.
So so Jesus can't see you and Superman.
Jesus and Superman can't see what happens in the bathroom.
I would be I wouldn't I wouldn't do this,
not from a question of decency, but just of like.
Like my pants falling down.
I mean, that's funny once.
Yeah, or not if you get in the bathroom and you're just like,
well, like it's kind of you walk to the urinal with your pants around
your ankles like you're a toddler.
That's what I'm saying.
It's maybe funny once.
Once if you're if you're that person and what they mentioned,
I don't think they have a medical condition.
What medical condition would necessitate?
I need constant breeze on my zone.
You know, the problem here is that we have lost something in the world
and specifically in this human decency.
No, but yes.
Bathroom attendance because it was their job.
What are they going to do?
It was their job.
No, you're suggesting it was a bathroom attendance job to let you know
and begin.
Consummate your toilet.
Yes, right this way, sir.
No, not yet.
I saw it.
Go right ahead.
When we dad and I flew in together and we
we and boy are his arms tired.
No, no, even I'm going to say no to that one.
No, we flew in through Atlanta and boy are his arms.
So our our airplane landed in Atlanta before leaving for another.
Third damn it stop and they had a bathroom attendant in there
and we were waiting in line.
You're going to I wish I had like a diagram,
but we were waiting in line for the toilet stalls
and there was a lot of urinals in front of us
and then there was a line of urinals to the right
that would have been out of sight for us
and there was a bathroom attendant standing right in front of dad and I
and he was going urinals and then pointed at the ones that were open to our right.
And then again urinals right here and then he said urinals right over here, fellas.
There's several urinals open right here.
Fellas urinals right here like five times
and eventually I have to look at this man dead in the eye and say, I'm going to poop.
Like I know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm going to you should have just walked over and pooped in the urinal.
You're the boss. When in Atlanta. You're the expert, I guess.
Yeah, it's your bathroom man. If you if you want to attend to that,
I guess that's your prerogative.
How about a Yahoo.
This Yahoo was actually sent in by a lot of people.
Thank you everybody who sent this one and it's by Yahoo Answers user Amber who asks,
What did Christian Grey say in the clean TV version of the movie Fifty Shades of Grey?
He said, I don't make love. I blank hard.
What word did he say there in the clean version of the movie suitable for TV?
I cannot but I cannot believe TBS would put in the elbow grip
required to get this cut going. Yeah, I get hard. I am. I am hard.
No. See, I don't think that would work either. I don't have. What is it? I don't make love.
I don't make love. I don't make love. I hump.
I don't make love. I hump. You don't understand what censorship is.
I feel like I don't make love. I love hard. I think you can. I don't know.
I love hard. I think you can. I think you can allude to having.
I think it's just like the F word that they're having a problem with.
Did I just? I think it's fuck.
Sorry, we're all grown ups here. Unlike TBS. It's going to be a ribald show.
Yeah. Um, I, I don't make love. I.
I. They edit it in a hand. That digital hand appears.
I don't make love. I, you know.
They use that digital hand so much during the movie.
So many times. It covers.
This is my secret room and here we're going to shh and do shh.
During the sex scenes, they edited in like eight of them just all angled at different.
That would be so good. Nobody wants to look at the black sensor bars anymore.
They just want to see like a guy up there just like,
and he's like watching as he keeps up with it. Like, Oh God, why are they moving so much?
I think they should just have digital parents fingers come in in front of the screen.
Just like four fingers cover what you say.
But digital guy who's blocking the whole screen would be great.
Cause he's watching and he's like, whoa, no way.
Oh, your parents would be watching too. They wanted to watch an erotic film.
They're not going to miss out on some of the erotic scenes.
Yeah. It's there for that. No parent has put on an erotic film and be like,
Oh no, I keep saying erotic film. No parents put on an erotic film period.
You're all welcome to sleep well.
What if they just leaned into the censorship and it was like,
I don't make love. I study hard.
And you should do here's a pencil and a candle.
I pray hard. So extra hard and loud.
Sign my pray contract. This is 50 shades of pray.
Now they're missing a money-making opportunity.
I don't make love. I Fritos. What Christian?
You got my Fritos jeans. Put your Fritos on the floor.
I'm going to spray Doritos all over your Pringles.
Are you ready to get flavor blasted? Are you ready to get flavor blasted?
And then you just feel like a bag of Doritos covering the sex scenes.
And a lot of movies with sex scenes that go on TBS or USA characters.
Welcome. What they do is they just zoom and like
tight crop on the non-sexual parts of the sex that's happening.
And I feel like for this movie, it would, it's just like a tiny frame.
Or just like a slow band like a photo frame background, just like his dog.
Just crops. If you cut all the sex scenes out of 50 Shades of Grey,
it's basically a short film about a very rich businessman that does not go to work.
I haven't seen the second one. 50 Shades Harder. 50 Shades Harder.
50 Shades Danker. Is that the one?
And that one, he just goes to work the whole time.
We were talking about a question we were thinking about doing that we decided not to do.
But during the discussion of that, Travis introduced the phrase into the world,
50 Shades of Grey SMR, and we're not going to do anything with that.
It's just that I wanted to. Yeah, thank you very much.
Yeah, I'm so I was so proud of it. You know how like you hatch a baby bird
and then someone's like, I'm going to kill that.
You know, like, oh, I wish you would. I wish you would just stay.
That's how I felt. Stay in the world.
I wish you wouldn't kill my baby bird, but I get it. It's not funny.
I went to Penn Station before seeing Thor Ragnarok with one of my friends.
No spoilers. While at Penn Station,
my friend began to make sex sounds and faces while eating a sandwich.
This is a raunchy Randy affair. All the questions are sexually themed.
Sorry, we should have warned you ahead of time.
This is a very sexual. Because as we started to get sick
and beaten up, get horny. We're severely broken people.
I think I've got a fever. Yeah, you do.
When asked why he was doing this, he looked at me dead in the eyes and said,
it's just that good. He's a very enthusiastic person,
but this behavior takes that to a new level. Can I remain friends with him?
Should I just never go to Penn Station with him again?
Help me, brothers. Are you here?
Is your friend here? And if you are here,
please just a yes noise. Just a regular yes.
Would be fine? Okay.
Is it possible your friend had never had a sandwich before?
Because here's the thing. This is nothing against sandwich chains,
but to have a sandwich is like, my God. Yeah, it's not possible.
That's like legend. You can have a sandwich orgasm
and still be demure about it. Just like when Harry met Sally,
but you eat it and you're like, and then that's it.
I'm going to finish this sandwich. It's not all yelling and yelling.
That seemed to be more upsetting if she was trying to cloak it.
I'll actually have another table. If you could move me away from that woman,
that would be great. Do you remember off the top of your head,
which Penn Station offering it was, what sandwich it was your friend enjoyed?
The club sandwich? It wasn't even hot.
It wasn't even hot. It was a cold club sandwich.
There's not even like a good or bad with that. It's just the bread and the cheese and the meat.
When I lived in LA, if this is a story about a good sandwich you ate one time,
I'll walk off the stage. No, no, no, no, no.
It's when we lived in Culver City, there was university housing next to us.
And every Sunday for six months, we could hear someone make loud sex noises.
Yeah. And here's the thing, it was every Sunday from three to four.
And the thing was, there was no peak or valley to it.
It was three o'clock to three oh oh oh one for an hour.
And I bring this up because much like that,
your friend was trying to prove something about how much they were enjoying the sandwich.
Like, we get it. Or how loud an orgasm they can have.
Both of which are kind of meaningless accomplishments, I feel like.
Did it continue throughout the day? Did he see Thor Ragnarok and like,
Oh, the fights! I love when Thor does this.
You get a free popcorn refill at such a great value!
Extra butter!
I've never sounded like that having sex ever.
Uh, how about a different...
What? What?
What?
I mean, I know what it is.
This just came in. This one just came in so hot.
I didn't even know I was going to do it.
So I found it on my iPad.
How did it get on your iPad?
It was on here and I forgot about it.
And then it popped up while I was looking for something else on a doll watch.
This is kind of a different one because usually we have a tapestry of a narrative.
And this is a much shorter kind of thing.
But I just wanted to highlight a user on eBay that posted a lot of haunted dolls.
They're regular Indiana Jones of haunted dolls with all of their discoveries.
Her name's Punkin' Leah.
One again?
Punkin' Leah.
And she does short stories.
Wait, the user is Punkin' Leah.
Punkin' Leah.
The doll doesn't write short stories.
No.
Oh man, that would have been a good homework hack.
Here we go.
Here's the first one.
Haunted doll possessed by demonic entity.
This doll is so chilling.
She screams at random times.
Nights are favorable.
Has been caught turning her head on her own and my pets will even not go near.
End of listing.
Oh, that's it?
That's the listing.
New doll.
This doll scares the shit out of me.
It always moves on its own, which is terrifying.
And we've even heard laughs in the middle of the night.
I thought I could handle it.
This is the next level haunted.
I need it gone.
End of listing.
Price to move.
I didn't even know.
Wait, how much?
How much?
Go back to that one.
How much?
$18.
I need it gone.
I didn't even know you could cuss on eBay.
New doll.
Don't let the sweet face fool you.
I've had many haunted items throughout the years,
but never one that completely moved in front of me
and bald daylight literally scared the shit out of me.
End of listing.
This sweet petite little thing is evil to the core.
I've woke up now numerous times with her in my bed.
I have removed it from my house in hopes of preventing this from happening again.
I want her gone.
Any offer is considered.
$25.
Don't let the cute face fool you.
This possessed doll is terrifying.
She likes to disappear.
She don't like to stay where you put her.
And she even giggles at night.
I'm ready for her to disappear forever.
She scares the hell out of me.
Please beware.
End of listing.
I do like that there's a sliding scale of this one scares the shit out of me.
This one just scares the hell out of me.
It's not as bad.
These are all from the same person and they were all posted within an hour of each other.
Hey, hey, Leah.
How are things at your house?
It seems like you've got kind of a wild house right now.
Hey, Leah, why not one bulk sale?
Listen, hey, do you want some scary as shit dolls at a low, low price?
Have I got a group deal for you?
I want all these bastards gone.
Here's my question.
Usually when you do a haunted doll watch, it's like,
they will watch over you when you sleep and they go,
healing power.
Who is scanning through eBay like,
where's the scariest part?
Where's the scariest fucking asshole I can buy?
I mean, they're all pretty scary to me, but.
I don't know.
It's scary at first, but then if you get one that's like,
I got you.
I have calming energies.
That would actually be right now.
Kind of nice.
All right.
Griffin, did you ever Yahoo?
I did.
And it is sent by level 9,000.
Yeah.
Drew Drew at Drew Davenport.
It's Yajuru answers user.
Sorry.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
We're trying to reload the page and see if the data will appear on my laptop.
It has not appeared on the lap.
Cause I'm going to call this one.
Annabelle Randy.
Randibell asks.
If someone came up with the idea of a meat drink,
would you drink it?
It seems as if people will try anything these days.
What I want to order.
You did come up with the idea of a meat drink.
What if someone came up with, oh, wait, I just did.
Oh no.
I just came up with the idea of a meat drink.
We've made drink out of everything.
Yeah.
Vegetables.
Yes.
Fruits.
Yes.
Grains.
Yes.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
Orbits.
The fifth element.
Zima.
Zima.
Zima.
The sixth element.
But now meat, you got to cloak it pretty good.
I think like V8 won't even, doesn't have the courage to put vegetable in it.
They're going to shorten it.
If they could just call that drink vegetables lots, no one would like it.
But you do have, they put an eight.
So it's a finite number.
Like, yes, there are vegetables and there's a limited number.
I'm drinking eight.
No veggies though, but so you got to hide the meat.
So what I think you should do is it should just say on the bottle Pepsi, but then in
really small letters below that it says meat and it doesn't have a lot of meat.
It could just be one little, when you start production, it could just be one tiny little
boba tea bubble of meat.
Yeah.
And you could be drinking your Pepsi unaware and just like,
Okay, a lot of you just went, oh, how often do you drink your Pepsi and think, I wonder what's in this.
So what I'm saying is you do that and then gradually over the weeks and months, you add
a little more meat into it and you make the font bigger on meat.
So eventually it just says meat.
And then at the bottom, like printed on the bottom, it says like a Pepsi Coke bottle.
And then at the bottom, like printed on the bottom, it says like a Pepsi Coke product.
And it's pretty much all meat at that point.
Just a big cylinder of meat in a drink.
This is great because I feel like the biggest roadblock of any new culinary idea is just
getting people over their hangups.
No?
Yeah, just do you have a solution for it or?
I don't know.
Maybe tell them they've been drinking meat all along and something else.
Wouldn't be right.
I don't know meat, but like, what do you think is an orange juice?
Oh shit, you're right.
Oh shit, you're right.
I guess there's meat in it.
Orange juice is just like fruit meat.
I possess no critical thinking skills.
So yeah, I guess orange juice is meat.
You just got to get like a Kardashian and be like, I love meat drink.
I love meat drink, by which I mean Sunny Delight.
Paul's got my meat drink.
Hold on.
Thanks, Paul.
It's just coffee.
Hey, with booze, uh, broth, oops.
Oh, man.
Shit!
I just thought.
Shit!
Damn it.
It is like a meat.
Damn it.
You've been drinking it this whole time.
Well, hopefully you have not been drinking bra.
Hope we don't have an audience of octogenarians that have just been nursing broth this whole
time.
My God.
Damn it, it was right in front of us the whole time.
Damn it, broth.
God damn.
I got, uh, another question.
Okay.
All right.
I'm an illustrator pursuing my art degree at an art school.
We get it.
In the area and noticed something troubling during my time at art school.
We have to take figure drawing classes, you know, where you draw naked people for hours
in basically the dark.
It's a great way to learn about the human body.
But whenever we have male models, many of my class rates, classmates refuse to draw
the Pippis.
How do you advise and encourage my fellow students to stop being cowards and draw that
dang dick already?
See, like we said, very sexual show.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are you here?
Yeah.
Very close.
When you say refuse, like refuse, is it like they just drove and someone loudly announces
I'm going to stop at the day and there's nothing you could say to, isn't this homework?
You can't, the dog ate the penis part of my drawing.
When you turn it in, does the teacher return it with like a circle and an X like, you came
so close.
Your art was wrong.
I am into this idea of just drawing all of it, including that nasty thing.
And then you just grab at the penis part of the art and you tear it away.
And then you could say like, got caught in the subway doors again.
If you were the person who was modeling for this and after the class you were like, I'm
going to go look at some of the art.
And then you looked at all the art and no one drew your dick.
You might have a second or two where you're like, why did I have to have my dick?
I mean, if you aren't going to, it's kind of a tree falls in the forest kind of thing
of like.
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody saw the tree stick.
If nobody, if you don't want to draw my dick, I don't want you to draw my dick, I'm fine.
If you're modeling and no one draws your dick, you pretty much just had your dick out basically.
Maybe like a nice bikini brief down there to make people feel more comfortable.
That's worse, I feel like.
It's worse, isn't it?
Here's what you do then, you have the model wears underpants.
Maybe me on these.
And this is beautiful, beautiful by the way.
Yeah.
This whole process is beautiful.
I don't want to stigmatize nude art drawings.
Nude art is great.
They're wearing their underpants, right?
And then whoever wants to draw that can.
And then they leave and anyone who doesn't want to.
And then the real fun begins.
And then someone else comes in and they're wearing a bodysuit except for a cutout around
their penis.
And then anyone who wants to draw the penis can finish the drawing.
Alternatively, we take the art drawn by your coward classmates who are afraid of this beautiful-
Afraid of the human body.
And we just fill in the space by going online on literally any game that involves drawing
at all, any sort of universe, literally anything where anybody is allowed to draw anything
in an online environment.
And we take the ocean of dicks from those and we copy and paste.
What if you maybe sort of adjusted the pose of the life model so their pose was sort of
like, huh?
Undeniable.
Like pointing two fingers with the finger guns pointing at their penis.
Because then if you draw that and don't draw what they're pointing to, that is bad art.
We're about five minutes in, by the way, and that's the first time one of us said the word
penis.
Fair enough.
We're children.
I am right now picturing a television show.
Not how I thought that was going to-
No, maybe a YouTube series of somebody in like a green screen bodysuit except for a
cutout around the penis.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
No, I wouldn't watch that.
And then it's just the adventures of a penis hanging out in different places.
Yeah.
And listen, I know.
No, you don't.
I don't think-
But I'm a child and I think it's funny as shit.
All right.
But that place would have to be the bathroom or the bedroom, the two places that-
The two places you could shoot something like that.
Maybe come up with like, draw your art and then get like copies of your drawing in sticker
form.
And then you can just walk around and like add it to everyone's drawing and be like,
you're welcome.
Collabo.
Yeah.
You can borrow my penis that I drew.
I worked really hard on it.
Maybe you should draw just the penis next time.
How about this, everyone?
We have another Yahoo.
I feel exhausted by the tone of the episode.
This one was also sent in by level 9,000 Yadru Dru.
Dru Davenport, thank you, Dru.
It's from Yadru Answers user, Jonathan Santana, who asks, is it possible to build a toy with
fake muscles, skin, veins, bones, organs, et cetera?
I want to have a toy Smurf with fake muscles, veins, skin, bones, organs, et cetera.
You know.
Sorry, I read that wrong.
I want to have a toy Smurf with fake muscles, veins, skin, bones, organs, et cetera.
You know.
I don't.
So, where can I possibly order to get one and what would be an estimate on how much
it would cost?
Yes, I want it to be realistic, not fake looking.
This person wants to get into some Gargamel play, and I appreciate that, and I celebrate
them.
What does Gargamel play entail?
He asks, terrified.
It's just like, welcome to another Gargamel play video.
I'm going to squish some more of those delicious Smurfs with my sexy red boots, and then you
just squish them for money on a webcam.
But just Smurfs?
How did we turn this one?
Okay.
Okay.
Hold on.
To that point, Griffin, if somebody says, I want a toy with muscles, skin, bones, and
organs, they're either going to crush it in a movie that they're making at home, like
autopsy it, that's worse, fuck it or eat it.
You just kind of slid that in there, I noticed.
I noticed you just kind of slid that in there.
No, I stand by it.
It's just, I'm so tired of talking about- I should make it clear, I know we're talking
about a lot of dirty stuff.
If y'all try to get up to those audience lengths and ask those dirty questions, I'll
disappear.
It's kind of an act one, act two thing, okay?
Oh, shit.
Do you think they want to make a fake crime scene and maybe they want to play Smurf Pro
and they want to have-
Somebody Smurf this guy.
Somebody Smurf this fucking dude.
His Smurf and Smurf guts are everywhere.
I'm going to Smurf.
Yahoo Answers user Drake Bijou answered, check in stores.
And that's the best answer.
Please, please, please, please go to your local Toys R Us or KB Toys.
Hey, I'm looking for a-
So let me know if you have this.
I know holidays are around, inventory limited, I get it.
And I should have been more proactive with this.
I'm looking for a Smurf with real muscles, veins, skin, bones, organs, et cetera.
Real skin?
Yes.
You heard me.
And I know-
The customer is always right.
I could just go on Amazon, but you know what?
I support local shops.
Like Toys R Us.
Mom and pop shops.
Mom and pop Smurf body shops.
Buy your Smurf.
God bless.
Can you imagine if you went into a Toys R Us and said that to an employee, like, we don't
have it, but-
I know a guy.
I know a guy who can get the Smurf.
He's the grossest person ever.
That's kind of his thing is he's really gross, but he'll have what you need.
I really should have kept my head on a swivel with this question because I should have known
there's only really one use for a Smurf with real organs.
Yeah.
What's that?
I'm sorry, everybody.
What's that?
Perfect.
It's probably smudged in there.
Zach's already eaten.
I feel like I've disappointed myself.
That's all right.
Daddy, can I listen to your podcast?
No.
No.
Not this one.
No.
Daddy wishes he didn't listen to his podcast.
I don't see why the next generation should.
Hey, everybody.
This is Griffin.
Thank you so much for listening to our live episode from Jesus, like last November that
we recorded in Milwaukee.
I think at this point we've put up all of the shows from our Midwest tour.
We had such a great time, and thank you Midwestern territory for welcoming us with wide open
arms.
Sorry that we were turning the favor by turning in an inexplicably randy episode.
We're putting up a live show because Justin and Sydney just had a baby, and we are very
happy and very excited.
I'm going to be traveling this weekend to Huntington to go meet her, and yeah, we're
really excited, and so Justin's taking a little bit of time off.
We got this live episode for you, and we hope that you enjoy it.
I'm here right now to tell you about our advertisers this week.
Our first one is Squarespace.
Squarespace is great.
We used it to make McElroyShows.com, and I used it to make GriffinMcElroy.com.
It's super cool and easy to make a really good looking website.
You can turn your cool idea into a new website using Squarespace.
You can sell products and services of all kinds.
You can announce an upcoming event or a special project and more.
Do whatever you want with the dang website.
I don't give a fart.
They do that by giving you beautiful customizable templates created by world class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box, and they got a new way to buy
domains and choose from over 200 extensions.
You got free and secure hosting.
You got all kinds of great stuff using Squarespace.
Right now, head to Squarespace.com for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use
the offer code MYBROTHER to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
At Squarespace.com, enter the code MYBROTHER.
I also want to tell you all about Texture.
Hey, have you ever walked by a newsstand and seen a stunning magazine cover that makes
you want to stop and peek inside or read a cover headline that makes you need to know
more right now?
Well next time you do, remember Texture.
With the Texture app, not only do you get a peek, you get the whole damn magazine, plus
unlimited access to over 200 additional premium titles like Time, The Atlantic, The New Yorker,
and Wired, and right now you can try Texture for free.
Just imagine having your favorite magazine and their back issues anytime, anywhere.
To start your Texture free trial, go to Texture.com slash MYBROTHER, all one word.
Obviously, that's how URLs work, and if you choose to continue, podcast listeners will
get Texture for just $9.99 a month.
That's $9.99 a month.
I don't know why I said it long ways like that.
Go to Texture.com slash MYBROTHER to start your free trial today.
One more time, that's Texture.com slash MYBROTHER, Texture.com slash MYBROTHER.
I also want to tell you all about Casper.
We are supported in part by Casper this week.
It's a sleep brand that continues to revolutionize its line of products to create an exceptionally
comfortable sleep experience one night at a time.
They offer affordable prices because Casper cuts out the middleman and sells directly
to the consumer.
We have a Casper mattress.
We all do, actually, that we all sleep on, and I got one in the guest room that I sleep
on, and it's so comfy.
I sleep on it only occasionally, and I've talked about my reasons for doing so, and
I'm not going to get into it again, but they are gastrointestinal in nature, and I don't
think Casper loves it when I bring that up, but it's a very, very comfortable bed regardless
of why you sleep on it.
Casper brand mattresses combine multiple supportive memory foams for a quality sleep surface
with the right amount of sink and the right amount of ounce.
You can be sure of your purchase with Casper's 100-night risk-free sleep on it trial.
You can also get $50 towards selected mattresses by visiting Casper.com slash MYBROTHER and
using the promo code MYBROTHER at checkout.
Terms and conditions, they do apply on that one.
Got a few Jumbotrons here.
This first one is to tell you all about Megan and RJ's quest to ruin classic literature
one book at a time on the podcast Oh No Lit Class, which is a very good name for a podcast.
You can listen to it at ohnolitclass.com or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh No Lit Class is a comedy literature podcast hosted by two bitter English grads here to
tell you all the weird and sexy things you never knew about the books you had to read
in school.
They're a fun, foul-mouthed, rather they are, we're also pretty fun and foul-mouthed,
but they're a fun, foul-mouthed spark notes for your ears, mixing plot summaries, author
bios, and trivia with filthy jokes, bad impressions, and worse singing.
Learn what book was written as a petty act of spite, how the author of The Scarlet Letter
got stuck shoveling poop, huh?
And why Dracula absolutely deserves to be kink-shamed.
I don't know if I agree with that.
I don't own that.
Sometimes we just read the things that people write in the letters, although I do want to
know more.
Okay, anyway, that's Oh No Lit Class, ohnolitclass.com or wherever you get your podcasts.
I have a message here for Chelsea, and it's from Rob the Best, and Rob wrote that, so
keep that in mind as I read this message.
Hey Chelsea, you are such a great friend.
It is such a blast playing board games, world building, and spending hours theory crafting
Dark Souls lore together.
That's absolutely my jam.
Previously you paid the brothers to say that I was the best, and now I am paying them to
officially make you the coolest.
Seriously brothers, she is the coolest.
Here's to more Gundyr goofs.
There's nothing funny about Champion Gundyr.
You know, they've been through a lot, and they're a real pain in the ass for a boss.
Boy, I hope everybody listening to this is playing Dark Souls 3.
Anyway, congratulations Chelsea.
You are now officially the coolest.
Got another message here.
This one's for Bill, and it's from Gretchen and Casey, who say, Bill!
We're so excited that you're moving to Portland.
We're really looking forward to spending more, I don't know why I made that sound sarcastic.
We're really looking forward to spending more time with you in old ways.
Metal Gear?
Metal Gear?
And new, McElroy show listening parties?
Combine those two.
Ain't no, ain't no law against that.
May Mansionland West continue to grow in numbers and radness.
Love, Casey, and Gretchen.
Congratulations, Metal Gear?
Metal Gear?
Metal Gear?
Hey, thanks for listening to the show, and thank you for tweeting about the show.
And thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
Thanks for the Maximum Fun Network.
Well, thanks to them, but thanks for them, God and Jesus.
So many great shows on the network.
Just go to MaximumFun.org, and you're just gonna love what you hear.
I'm gonna hop off here now.
I think we'll probably have a new episode next, I mean, we'll have an episode next week,
but I think Justin will be back and ready to record.
So we will be around to knock out a new episode for you.
And I hope you'll stay tuned for that one.
So I'll talk to you next week, and goodbye.
Hey, this is Griffin McElroy.
Hi, this is Rachel McElroy.
And we've got a new podcast on Maximum Fun called Wonderful.
Wonderful.
It's an enthusiast podcast where we talk about things that we're excited about and things
that you're excited about.
Things like overalls.
24-hour Sudafed.
The grand prize game.
The fact that wombats use their butts to kill predators.
The soundtrack to the movie Dick Tracy.
The beach potion we call Bud Lightline.
All these things and more every Wednesday, and we'll also talk about things that you're
excited about.
You can find us on MaximumFun.org or iTunes or wherever.
I don't know, just search Wonderful.
Google it.
You'll probably get there.
Travis is exhausted right now and probably will be for the remainder of the show.
You know how you're like, oh, when I go to a rock show and it takes them forever to come
on stage, they're probably like partying.
No, I had to use the bathroom, but it was upstairs, and we pressed for the elevator
and it was taking a while and I thought, I'll just run up eight stairs.
Eight flights of stairs, not eight huge one-story high stairs.
And I made it four floors.
And we had already called the elevator, so the elevator came down and we were like, don't
worry about it.
He's running up the stairs.
So they're like, okay, fine, and then he ran back down.
And I came slow, ran, thank you so much for that.
I hobbled back down the stairs.
I was like, what was I thinking?
And then we had to call the elevator again.
And when we say call the elevator, there's a literal person who's running.
There's Maya.
And they know our shame.
Yes.
Maya's running.
So we're going to start doing some auditions.
Okay.
All right.
We're going to turn this, we're going to turn things over to, oh my gosh, it's never happened.
Hey everybody, welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast inside a podcast.
What a delight.
Now, Griffin, why did you IP theft our brother?
I IP thefted our brother because in the two hours preceding the show, Justin was unconscious
for an hour and a half of it.
And I thought I would sort of help you out with a Munch Squad.
There's one pair of footprints tracked through an Arby's is where you carried me.
Here where you stepped on all the roast beef.
That was because there are horny people on the internet and my child.
We can't say the word.
All right, banned words for the half two of the show, horny, boner, any variation of pep
is peep is beeper.
Beeper is even off limits.
So Taco Bell's done something returning Munch Squad favorite Taco Bell.
Well this is a, they're sort of, they're broadening the horizons of what Munch Squad can be.
It's a collabo project with food favorite Forever 21.
Press release, Taco Bell and Forever 21 are making wardrobes a whole lot saucier this
fall.
Oh no.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Taco Bell and Forever 21 will come together this October, this is an older one, this October
to celebrate personal style and self-expression ahead of the launch of Taco Bell's first fashion
collection collaboration.
These two like-minded brands.
What?
Accurate.
Accurate.
Together.
Together.
We both want to sell stuff.
Together at the intersection of culture and innovation.
Our joining.
Welcome to our Ted Talk.
Our joining forces to make fall wardrobes a whole lot saucier.
While they're at it, they'll help fans keep the heat up and the fun on in more ways than
one.
Unless these clothes are lined with hot sauce, there is only the one way that clothes keep
you warm.
By capturing the content that personifies, quote, forever Taco Bell, you literally just
described college.
The essence of the preview event, fans can actively take part in the ultimate fashion
afterparty.
Here's some quotes from Marissa Thalberg, chief marketing officer at Taco Bell Corp,
who has almost certainly been on the show before.
Certainly.
We often think of Taco Bell as the fast fashion of food.
What?
What could that possibly mean?
You don't even think of Taco Bell as the fast food of food.
We often think of Taco Bell as the fast fashion of food, given how we continuously introduce
innovative, limited edition products that everyone can enjoy.
So when it came to- Assuming they don't have IBS.
Yeah.
So when it came time for our first ever retail collaboration, we knew our partner had to
be the leader in actual fast fashion.
Is that something?
Is that something?
We've seen our fans get individually creative in expressing their love for Taco Bell through
fashion.
No, you haven't.
You've seen sweatpants and more sweatpants.
And we believe this collection with Forever 21 is going to be everything they could expect
from us in extending the Taco Bell lifestyle, sad, to fashion, original, affordable, creative,
a little quirky, and definitely fun.
So fun.
Can I jump back a little bit?
I love that they say, we often think of Taco Bell as something like, okay, you can think
about your own thing in whatever way you want, unless you can say other people think about
it.
It ain't true.
I'm going to read this next quote from Linda Chang, Forever 21 Vice President of Merchandising,
who says in her first sentence, we are excited about this partnership with Taco Bell.
This is what you got in the fashion industry, right Linda?
It's maybe a bit of a one-sided relationship.
Forever 21, hell yeah, fast food fashion.
That's nothing, but we're here for it.
Yeah, it's fine.
Like I said, we're just trying to beat Amazon.
Food like fashion is driven by trends and culture, I guess.
Merging fashion and food in this collection gives our customers a new way to experience
both our brands.
When was the last time food was driven by trends?
The only time that food, Taco Bell, and fashion have combined is when you get meat on your
pants from your Taco Bell accident.
That said, I am excited to hear there's a way I can experience the Taco Bell brand without
ingesting it.
I'm excited I'm going to do that other avenue.
Because you want to support them, but God, not through my mouth.
Yeah, this is the one human body I have.
I assume that their combination of sauce and clothing is sauce on clothing.
No, it's clothing that looks like sauce.
It's very fun and very Spencer's Gifts.
Why not Spencer's Gifts?
Look in the deep dark truth of Merit Taco Bell.
All right, so we want to get to audience questions now?
Audience questions.
What?
I want to munch.
I want to munch.
You know I was going to take care of you, Milwaukee.
Infermed or no, you will munch.
We will munch together.
This comes to us direct from Miami, is the date line on this particular release.
Burger King restaurants uniquely use fire to flame grill the Whopper sandwich.
Also known as America's favorite burger register mark.
Getting fired might not be fun, but at Burger King restaurants, getting fired like the
flame grill Whopper sandwich is always a good thing.
We're going to burn you so bad with our hot grills.
We're going someplace with this.
This is why Burger King restaurants will give a free Whopper sandwich to anyone who's been
fired.
But there's a hook.
You must publicly confess to getting canned on LinkedIn.
That's right.
What?
Own your fire.
No.
It says that.
Own your fire?
Own your fire, peasant.
Do you want a free burger?
Enjoy your free burger.
Ruin your career.
Unemployed person.
For $1.99.
So here's what you do.
With your life, the one that you have, you remember you have the one life, right?
With your life, you go to LinkedIn and post the following public message admitting you
got fired.
No.
There's specific wording.
Quote.
Imagine seeing this out of context like, okay, three years in PR at Triple Point, and then
right below that it says, I got fired.
I want a free Whopper.
Hashtag Whopper severance.
Wow, I can't believe the founder of Google is applying for a job here.
Seems overqualified.
Let's check that LinkedIn.
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
Before Google, they begged for a burger.
If you post that, you're going to receive a personalized link to get registered and
receive a Whopper severance package in the mail, which comes with a...
So here's the fucking thing, gang.
You lose your job and you got some time on your hands, and what you're going to do is
post about getting fired on LinkedIn because you want a free hamburger, and then Burger
King sends you a link to register for a thing where eventually they'll mail you a card for
a free hamburger that you will get the mail and be like, what the fuck is this?
I've been gainfully employed for three years.
Smash cut.
Door open slowly onto suburban home.
It has been said.
Let Travis finish his smash cut.
Smash cut.
Honey, how was work?
Well, I've got bad news and I've got good news.
Bad news is I got fired.
We've lost everything.
We've lost our benefits and you know how we just bought the house.
But good news.
I've got dinner covered in six months.
For one of us.
For me, not our three triplets.
It has been said.
It's a very sad story.
It has been said that when one door closes, another one opens.
This promotion is here by the providence of God.
That's my favorite end of It's a Wonderful Life.
You've lost everything, George, but I brought you this coupon.
In this case, it's a door to a delicious flame grilled whopper sandwich.
That's cool.
It's a tiny door.
It's a little door to a whopper sandwich.
So anyway, that's the thing.
Travis, do you have a munch squad?
Well, I wrote a sad lib.
No, he didn't.
He did.
He did.
He did not.
I did not.
I did not.
Because even I don't enjoy them anymore.
Okay.
Justin, I want to put out a formal apology.
I'm sorry.
I stepped to the throne.
I should have known.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's all good.
All right.
Let's get lower lights on us and all the lights on them.
All the lights that you have.
Because it's our show.
Oh my God.
Whoa.
So we're going to ask your name and your question and then we're going to ask your name and
your question.
The only thing we can decide, we can do the most help on, we'll dig a little bit deeper
into that one.
It doesn't mean you lost if you don't get picked.
It actually in many ways means you won.
Yeah.
You get to sit down, which is always a win.
What is your name?
Anna.
Hi, Anna.
What is your question?
So when I first started dating my partner, he did this goof and I didn't listen to your
podcast and I was really confused why he knew so much about farm life.
Then during a recent Rose better best episode, I realized that farm wisdom wasn't an original
goof of his, which did, he is here, but he does want me to say that he never actually
claimed it was his own goof.
He was just really cute and I didn't want to like ruin what we had going on and we're
married now and I want to know what we should name our dog, and your name and question.
My name is Lane.
I'm not sure I can top that, but just talk about some shit for a while and then twist
it at the very end.
Lane just speak from the heart.
It's not a competition.
I work in a tea shop and we have free samples, a lot of free samples right at the front and
I'm not always right there to like hand them out to people.
So when people come up and try it, I try and casually walk towards them and tell them about
what we have there and they run.
Okay.
They just like once, one out of every a hundred will stay, but most of them just like bolts
like, Oh, just try it by.
Yeah.
Just came in to score some free tea and then how do I, how do I get people to stick around
for your ear?
Now listen, I think yours was very funny.
One word answer, name it goat.
A dog named goat is a very good name.
It's a good name for a dog.
I hope that helps.
Anyway.
Is it a good name for a dog?
It's a great name for a dog.
Goat is a fucking kick ass name for a dog.
This is my dog, goat.
And then when people ask you why you say it stands for greatest of all time.
Can you, can you wait, wait, wait, go back to the mic.
I'm not done.
This is, can you name it something like, and I apologize, but bear with me like dookie
butt and, and, and your house is going to have to burn down a little bit, but that's
less great, but dog saves you.
Newspaper has to write it up and that's awesome.
It's going to be in the headline.
Okay.
So when you go to the people, do you sneak up behind them like a tea vampire and whisper
in their ear, like, do you like what you're tasting?
Like Vlad the Infuser.
Are you, are you, don't, you only encourage him.
It was a good one.
Some, you're detecting some nice tannins, that one's got real good tannins.
What are you buying?
What are you brewing?
Got a lot of good teas on sale stranger.
When you, when you walk towards them, are you carrying like eight cups of tea?
Like slosh, slosh, slosh.
Come here.
Oh no, wait.
This is a good question.
Are you walking towards them or are you running towards them?
Usually walking.
Are you ever holding two knives?
To be fair, I think one knife would do it.
One knife would do it.
All right.
So I'm, I'm thinking about if I, if I walk into this store and tea is like one of those
things where you want to feel like you get it, but unless you are like a student of it,
you probably also understand that you have no fucking idea what you're talking.
Like I enjoy tea.
I don't know fucking anything about tea.
So if I see somebody coming over to me and be like, let me explain to you about tea.
I will be like, I can't, I got to go, but, but if you walk over and you say, Ooh, I see
you've chosen the best tea in the store.
All of a sudden I'm like, Hey, I am a tea genius.
Oh, can I take it one step further?
Yeah.
You have to wait outside.
You can't come from the back.
You have to come in from the outside and then like, like you are also a customer.
Be so impressed at this other customer in the wild because nothing would make me feel
better than someone who has no ulterior motive telling me I picked a good tea.
The problem is that you're sneaking up from behind them.
So the, what I'm going to need you to do is to hide behind the counter.
And then as they're getting the tea, I want you to just slowly sort of etch up.
You've always been having tea, Mr. Torrance.
Did that help?
Yes, actually.
Oh, fantastic.
I'm realizing, I'm realizing right now that maybe our second person didn't make it down.
Hey, what's up?
What's your name?
Uh, Red.
Red.
Hi Red.
What is your question?
Red hates Linguini or loves it.
My partner in crime is obsessed with the movie Ratatouille.
Okay.
Hell yes.
And will not stop talking about the movie Ratatouille.
And I'm starting to believe that she likes Ratatouille more than me.
How can I get her attention back from the dirty rat people?
That is the most fuckwild thing to be jealous of, I feel like.
All right.
And your question, your name and question.
I'm Adrian.
Hi Adrian.
And this has been something that's been plaguing me for about two years now.
About two years ago, I realized on my iPhone, there was a downloaded version of Who Let
the Dogs Out, but it was a karaoke version.
I didn't download it and my only, the only other person who shares my iTunes account,
my mom also has no idea how the hell it got there.
She says.
Yeah.
She doesn't know the password still, so I know it wasn't, um, and caveat, I can't get
it off my iPhone.
Wait.
I've, I've now transferred it to two different iPhones throughout the two years and it won't
go away.
Delete it.
No.
I've deleted it.
It won't.
It's the mask.
All right.
Okay.
Wait, wait, wait, because I don't know which one we're going to do, but I do want to say
this.
Have you taken it to like a genius bar?
I'm like.
No, no.
Stop.
You've killed it.
Uh, I think.
I do have the audio evidence if you need to hear it as well.
Oh yeah.
I mean, obviously, uh, I feel like ratatouille is not going to hurt you.
You need to get on board with ratatouille, share the love with, share the love with your
partner.
It's a wonderful cartoon mouse and all it wants to do is cook and a kitchen and make
a kitchen.
And the music is amazing.
Music's amazing.
And it's a beautiful film about the triumph of the rat spirit, the voice acting, the
animation.
It's a wonderful film.
Everything's great about it.
You have nothing to be afraid of.
Unless, no, there's no unless you're super good.
I promise.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Right.
Here it is.
Yes, please.
Bump that shit.
Full volume.
That just sounds like the song.
Everyone be quiet.
Be quiet.
Now we're just listening to who let the dogs out.
It sounds like that.
It's actually us.
It's actually me and Travis doing it.
Someone shouted.
Who let the dogs out?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Okay.
Okay.
It's a fucking fun tune, though.
Listen.
All right.
Listen.
Can I?
No.
I'm sorry, Griffin.
I'm sorry.
We can all shit on who let the dogs out.
But we all love it.
You have got on your phone basically a party starter.
Any awkward situation that you're in, if you just slowly start turning up the volume and
people are like, is that the fucking Baja men?
I have to ask a question.
If you don't want to answer it, it's fine.
But do you like to party?
Do you like to party?
Hard.
Okay.
Then you said that the two people who have access to your iTunes account is your mom
and you, Adrian.
And there's a third person that has access to it, and it might be drunk Adrian because
Adrian not only downloaded it, she flipped a special switch that she knows about can
never delete.
Do not let sober Adrian delete permanent passcode.
I mean, you know the culprit now, but there is it's beyond.
She's a way better hacker.
There's just nothing you can do about it.
Does that help?
Yeah.
Great.
Fantastic.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
One last question.
No.
We've already got you picked.
Yes.
You've got it.
Hello.
My name is Morgan.
Hi, Morgan.
What is your question, Morgan?
So back in June, my sister went on her honeymoon with her now husband to Las Vegas.
She comes back and she hands me a key chain with my name on it and a picture frame from
Las Vegas of like all the cool shit and a picture of her and her husband.
And I told her like, oh man, thanks.
This is great.
But I'm kind of feel bad because I'm actually lying to her, so how can I, how can I layer
down easy that this was actually the worst gift I've ever received?
Okay.
That's savage, Morgan.
Morgan, it sounds like you maybe don't even want an advice.
You just wanted the most public way to drag your sister.
I'm sorry.
We've been missing.
Jorgen.
I have no idea what this is.
Great.
Now you've dragged us.
We're getting more and more popular by the day.
Okay.
Thank you.
And what is your name?
My name is Eli.
Hi, Eli.
What is your question?
So I'm transgender.
I identify as a trans man and I've only been using the men's.
Thank you.
All right.
And I've only been using the men's room for about three years and the only thing I know
about using the men's room is that we're supposed to make a like super aggressive,
no eye contact.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like the way you phrase.
I was like, and so I'm just wondering if there's anything else that I don't know I'm supposed
to be doing in the men's room.
Morgan, thank you so much.
Morgan, I think just only buy your sister airport gifts because I think that's the level
you all are on right now.
Also, put it away until your sister and her husband come over.
That's how adults do it.
How do you display a key chain?
Okay.
Good point.
Does that?
Thank you, Morgan.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Some things you need to do in the bathroom, run water and make it sound like you're washing
your hands.
Jesus.
One thing I like to do is not wash my hands and then as I'm leaving, say, I never touched
it.
He literally did this because I did this today at dinner.
He said, I didn't touch it and left.
I didn't touch it.
Why should I wash my hands?
I didn't touch it.
It was really cool.
Oh, this works a lot.
Wash your hands, look up in the mirror and just go, and then walk out the door.
That will always play because even if you're a complete stranger to the person next to
you, they'll just think, yeah.
One of the big good ones that they never tell you about in any of the books is you should
try to start unbuttoning your pants as you walk through the door.
So that way you're getting ready.
Did we help?
Does that help?
Definitely.
Yes.
Thank you, Eli.
All right.
That is going to do it for us, folks.
Thank you to...
We're going to wrap up there.
Thank you to the Riverside for having us this theater rules.
Yes.
And honest to God, we've been in a lot of theater and they're all really, really great.
This one has a free Golden Tee golf machine upstairs, which we are fucking terrible at.
Thank you to America's favorite, Paul Sabourin, for running...
For being our...
Our dad came up.
Thank you to our dad, Clint McElroy, for...
But Paul, Paul is kind of the dad of...
He's our tour daddy.
He's our tour daddy.
Kind of.
He made...
You guys get on the train, okay?
We did.
Thank you, Paul.
Thank you, Paul.
If you liked when Paul came out and like sat down on iPads and stuff, go check out Paul
and Storm.
It is his musical group.
It's fucking fantastic.
And they will be on the Joko Cruise along with me and my wife, Theresa, and my dad and
John...
A hundred other people.
And Jean Grey.
A lot of amazing people.
You can find out more details about that, JokoCruise, J-O-C-O Cruise.com.
Also want to say, the posters, if you haven't got one, get one of those.
They're done by Steven Sugar.
They're fantastic.
And they are beautiful.
And thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
And also, thank you, Milwaukee.
Thank you, Milwaukee.
Thank you, Milwaukee.
This was fucking great.
No shit.
You're the best.
You've been an amazing audience.
You saved us.
You saved our lives.
Thank you to Amtrak.
Thank you to Amtrak.
Thank you to Will, the guy in the cafe on the train.
Thank you, Will.
Ice.
Cold.
Beer.
Here's a final yahoo.
Final yahoo that was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson, thank you, Seth.
Oh, sorry.
Real quick.
Oh, man.
We're not going to be able to hang out after the show.
Yes.
Because we have early fucking flights.
Because Justin has a fever, Griffin fell over, and I arm wrestled too much.
So I fly back to Austin like 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Yeah, it sucks.
Okay, anyway.
Delivery man, Seth Carlson.
We love you all very much.
We do love you so much.
Please just let him read the fucking thing.
Please let me read the fucking thing.
One last thing.
No.
Thank you, Seth.
It's yahoo answers user stupid.
That is it.
Asks.
Does the word badass mean not good, but my name is Justin McElroy.
Hi, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm Jesse. I'm Jordan. And we've been doing Jordan Jesse Go! for almost ten years now.
And it's not gotten any easier to describe. So we asked our fans to do it for us.
Jordan Jesse Go! is a weekly conversation with two best pals, two hilarious friends,
the hilarious smart kids, talking about hilarious stuff that happens to them, mostly really stupid
stuff, awkward anecdotes, insane tangents, heartfelt stuff. It's like being thrown in
the middle of a hilarious conversation between you and your best pal. It's a show that makes
me laugh every week, which is pretty rare and wonderful. It might be the best thing on the
internet. One of the funniest things you will hear. And it's the best part of my week. And
has kept me company for the past seven years through all sorts of life. I love those guys.
That's Jordan Jesse Go! the comedy podcast that's been named Best of iTunes. Every
Monday on MaximumFun.org or your favorite podcasting software.
