The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, you've found my brother, my brother, and we had an advice show for the
modern era, and we have Emmy fever. Tonight, I'm gonna sit down with a box of popcorn and a bottle
of Pinot Gris and watch Miss Jane Lynch do her thing tonight on the Emmy stage to honor some
of my favorite programs of the year. Who do you like, Justin? Who do you favor this year?
Glee, obviously. Like across the board? I got Glee fever over here. Glee-ver. I've got it.
Who's taking home that tiny golden angel? That little golden angel is going in the hands of the
talented Miss Lea Michele for her portrayal of a role of Sing Girl from Glee. Jessica Singstar.
Jessica Singstar, the talented upstart, half Jewish, half singer, talent powerhouse
known as Glee-a Michele. Now, Justin, let me ask you this. Yes? Who's your pick for
outstanding sound mixing for nonfictioning and programming? That is going to go to the one and
only Ken Burns for his documentary on Glee. Ah, I see. My name is Justin McElroy. I'm your oldest
brother, and I have Glee-ver. I'm Travis McElroy, and I think that that Ken Burns documentary would
be called The Gay the Earth Stood Still. I'm Griffin. How's your Glee-ver right now?
That's low. I took a pretty intense regimen of antibiotics that really, really dried me up
inside and out, but I've finally beaten the Glee. You kicked it? I kicked the Glee. It was tough
tough stuff for a while, but now I'm just hooked on Modern Family. Oh, so the scenarios that they
get into on that show. Which one on that show is the robot? I always forget. The little child,
the child. The child is... Small Wonders 2. Yeah, they had to replace her because her robot batteries
ran out. She died. Really? Yeah, she died from it. Don't you think that Modern Family, if you're
gonna use a name like that, you gotta have one of the kids as an android. And maybe one's like a
mutant, like a nuclear, you know, kind of thing. Yeah. Oh, and then you call it Nuclear Family.
There you go. Hey, ABC, you're welcome. Hey, TM. TMC with a circle. This is, of course, an advice
show for the modern era, so let's dip into the questions that we've been sent by you,
the listening public. This morning I woke up from a fun-filled Friday night and realized I felt like
garbage since I forgot to take care of the ibuprofen before bed and the too-early-in-the-morning trick.
You're welcome, by the way, everybody. So my question is this. When I wake up feeling nauseous
and a bit dizzy, not that hangover headache style, which, question without a question,
is a splitting headache required for it to be considered a hangover? No. But just feeling
disoriented and poopy, am I still technically drunk? And that's from oh god, I hope I don't
blow a.08, which says to me this caller was drunk driving, which, of course, we do not endorse.
No, because when you wake up in the morning, there's no way you're still drunk. Like,
if you were still drunk, you wouldn't feel poopy and terrible. You'd feel awesome. You'd feel great.
Yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. It's fading fast.
I think it's one of those things like a crazy person never, like, if you think you might be
crazy, you're not crazy. Like, if you have the coherence to go, oh, I feel bad and crappy, maybe
I'm drunk, then you're not drunk. Yeah, what you have is, it's called a loss of sense of well-being.
It's one of the symptoms of hangovers, which, no, don't require headaches. It can manifest in
lots of people different ways. Some people get, you know, headaches. Some people get nauseous.
Some people get cranky. Some people get just really randy. Yeah. Yeah. Some people get like
horny. Just real horny. Just horned out. The very first time I got drunk on Mountain Dew, Code Red,
and vodka, I woke up the next morning just happy to be alive. Are you fucking kidding me? What?
That's the first thing you got drunk on was Code Red and vodka? Yeah, that was a fun puke.
Did you throw some combos into that cocktail? It was spicy tortilla and salsa. What kind of cheesy
snack cracker were you pounding? You know what's funny about that that time? The very next night,
I ate a pound hamburger at Fuddruckers, and I puked then too. Oh god. I puked two nights in a row,
neither from illness. That weekend is your Everest. How's your lifestyle? Not good? Sounds
pretty bad. Did this person ask for advice and I missed it? No, he's asking the question, is he
still technically drunk? I think what he's asking is, is he capable to function the next morning and
do things like drive to the store and drive home from the party? No. I was watching the Stateline
where they said if you're mega sleepy, if you're the sleepiest, it's the same as being drunk.
Here's the thing, people. Being drunk isn't the only thing that stops you from being a good driver.
I can't stress that enough. If you're super tired or meat drunk or you're watching Netflix on your
laptop or pot high, don't drive pot high. I can't stress that enough. No, because you'll get giggles.
Oh yeah. Rely on your pot chauffeur. Always arrange for a pot chauffeur before. Never forget.
Giles. Giles, I need you. Giles. Giles, take me to the Taco Bell.
No. I think that what you should plan on is if you pass out at the party,
general MO should be you wake up in the morning and you watch some kind of bro movie or terrible
movie and have some eggs and just kind of lay on the couch for hours. Eggs are good. They have
selenium in them. Your body is craving that. And also bacon if you got queasy tummy. Can you give
us a bro movie? Just an example of a bro movie or a bad movie? Hangover. Okay, a little on the nose.
But it's perfect. You can watch Short Circuit. Anything with Steve Guttenberg is going to be
great. Anything with Tim Robbins from the 80s. Guttenberg has plenty of selenium in them and
that's good. That's what your body craves. Your body craves the goot at that point.
Idiocracy is a great movie to watch when you're hungover. My body craves Guttenberg. Gotta get
the goot. This is Gatorade G3. The first two G's are Gatorade. The third one is Guttenberg.
Can we jump back to the 80s when he was real popular so I can use the phrase get the goot
more? Yeah, get that goot. Get the goot. You guys saw him in Veronica Mars. He was great. He still
got all the old old pizzazz. Oh, his episode of Party Down is one of the funniest things I've ever
seen. He's great. He's a talent. So I guess if you're, I don't know if you were still drunk when
you wrote this email, but if you're still drunk, you have a serious problem. You're a mailman,
probably. I mean, I'm pretty sure he was drunk. I'm looking at the, I'm looking at his grammar
here. I'm looking at his, he's got parentheses inside of brackets, inside of those like curly
brackets. I don't know what those are actually called. There's a lot of things, a lot of things
happening in the typography here. What you can do is if you wake up and you're still drunk,
you can do what my friend Dan did in college, which is decide it's not safe to drive home
and walk home and take a nap under a tree. Hey, that's what trees are for you dummy. Yeah,
they're right there. Shields you from the moonlight. They're like, hey, temporary houses
for drunk people. My girlfriend elves and drunk elf. My girlfriend and I broke up about eight
weeks ago. And even though I instigated it, it was still a very tough breakup. I'm feeling better
now. Good. But I'm not quite back to my normal self. Last week, a cute girl gave me her number
and we'll be going on a date soon. However, I'm feeling nervous about the date. I'm not sure I'm
fully over my ex and ready to go on a date with a new girl. How will I know when I'm ready? And
is there anything wrong with going on a date when I'm not sure I'm ready? That's from ready or
rebounding. I think that's how you, isn't that how you find out? Yeah. Yeah. You've come to the right
place. That's, that is how you find out. Like you can't, you're so inside your own head right now.
I I'm assuming that this was a long relationship that he was in. Um, if he's still having a tough
time with it eight weeks later. At the very least, it sounds like it was important. Yeah. You know,
um, so you may be ready, you may not be ready, but the only way to really tell is to, is to go
on a date and there's nothing wrong with that. Um, you, you should probably be kind of upfront
about the fact that you just got out of a, a long relationship, depending on how comfortable. Yeah.
Don't like bring it, like, don't, that's not an open, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I should tell
you. Uh, and then you also don't want to linger on that point. You want to like drop that knowledge
and then move on. Yeah. I wouldn't stress too much about odd date. You know what I mean? Like,
I think you could debate whether or not you're ready to get back into a longterm relationship
or what have you, but you know, it's a date. Just go on it. And you know, when I was, uh,
when I was young, a young man and I, and I still do this to a certain extent. When you're sick,
you spend whole days in bed, you know, eating your ramen or your noodles or what have you.
Yeah. And when you think you're starting to feel better, I always used to do, I would call
puttering around, you know, you put on some sweatpants, you just kind of move around the
house a little bit. Get your bearings. If you stay there in bed, even when you're not sick,
you're going to feel like it and loneliness and being single and getting over a breakup is a lot
the same way until you kind of kick that in gear and force your body and mind into that. Like,
like it's not going to happen to you. You've got to bring a little bit of momentum to that,
to that change. And that's a really great analogy because while you're puttering around
in the, the, the, the love sphere, you're going to still be wearing your sweat pants and you're
not going to be super good at pretty much anything, but you'll, one of these days you'll
shake off your contagion, you'll shake off the bonds of your plague and you'll leave your house
and you'll fall in love again. You let the sunshine on your skin, feel the rain on your skin.
Maybe this girl is that big bite of the recovery sandwich that you need to take.
Right. Yeah. Big chomp of it. Have we used that term on this show before? That term was so
important to me in my formative years. I don't think we've ever mentioned the recovery sandwich.
How did the recovery, can you, can you explain to me the recovery sandwich a little bit, Griffin?
Uh, I mean, anytime one of us would get hurt by a woman kind, which was frequent, uh, the others
would sort of rally around. I'm pretty sure you incepted the phrase, Justin. And, uh,
you know what? I actually think my dear friend, Tommy Red, incepted the recovery sandwich. He sent
me the first one, I believe. Um, but you just take a big bite of that recovery sandwich. Just get on,
just get on with it. You got to take measures. Yep. Just take some measures. Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid. Let love in again. Kiss her. Just, just kiss her on the cheeks. Just propose.
Now I will say the one caveat I will have is that sometimes, uh, in that reboundy phase coming out
of a serious breakup, uh, if it was a long-term serious relationship he came out of, you're going
to want to rush things to get back to that feeling. Yeah. Oh shit. Pump those breaks pocket. Yeah,
please. Cause you're not going to get back to that, you know, spending all day, cuddling in bed,
watching movies phase on the first date, you know? Yeah. Just be cool. Low pressure situation. Uh,
just be your awesome self. This is that part of relationship. You got to learn how to be totally
cash. Yep. But not sweat pant cash. Yeah. That part of relationship is your reward for doing all
this dumb shit for a year or so, but you got to get there. You both got to earn it. Um, and ladies,
by the way, I wanted to make this clear. You too can have your own recovery sandwich. I got,
you probably want to put weirder things on it. Cause I think girls like weirder things on their
sandwiches. Like beans sprouts. Like alfalfa sprouts. Yeah. Oh God. Yes. Like alfalfa sprouts
and avocado. Yucky. This sandwich is gross. But I mean, what would that, for, for, for men,
we're so, man, we're so easy. We're so easy. We're so easy to pin down. Like my recovery
sandwich could literally be a sandwich. I've eaten a sandwich that was so good that it,
it helped heal my broken heart. He has pulled you right out of the doldrums. Yeah. Just like Paul
Bart fills in the cracks in his heart with pie. Yeah. With a sandwich. Uh, mine is goofy movie.
Yeah. Goofy movies. Great. I mean, for, for guys, it's, you know, going out and meeting
another lady and having a good, good low-pressure cash time with her. Maybe it's something as
simple as buying a whore. Yeah. Maybe go rent a whore from the rent-a-center. Well, rent to own.
And then after a while, if you decide to keep it, it's yours. With no interest. It's wonderful. Hey,
everybody. Travis just casually endorsed slavery. How's your Monday? Pretty good. Griffin, do you
have a Yahoo answer to dig us out of this hole? This one was sent in by Emily Bartelt. Thank you,
Emily Bartelt. It's by Yahoo answers user Derek Muller or Mueller who asks,
would you ever date a bounty hunter?
This question is for women. The bounty hunter is a guy. I think we can ignore that. That addendum.
It's tough stuff. Are there female bounty hunters? Oh, I, oh, I hope so. I hope they,
I can still find my dreams. I can actually prove that there aren't. Okay. Cause there's no
series on the discovery channel about him. Fair enough. Yeah. Right. Statistically speaking.
I mean dog, the bounty hunter's wife does so much sort of, um, ancillary work for him. I think she,
she qualifies as a bounty hunter, right? Like she's a fucking tough. I think she's an apprentice
bounty hunter. I don't think she, she's no, I don't like that. I don't like, I don't like,
think of her as less of a bounty hunter just because she's in the Ferris acts. I think that
she is. No, no, no. It's not that. I think she just hasn't started her own franchise yet. Yeah.
The show's not called, you know, Glinda, the bounty hunter or whatever. Exactly. That would
be an awesome show though. You just the bounty hunter. I don't know. I like the idea of that
though. There has to, there has to be one. There has to be one. There has to be one. Yeah. Because
they have so many wilds and they could use those wilds to just entrap and snare a fellow. Oh,
they're feminine wilds. Yeah. Yeah. Um, uh, and also like, like, like maybe she's like a super tough
feminine wild woman who collects bounties on heads. Okay.
You know what sucks? You know what job sucks? Tell me. The bounty hunter. You know why?
Why? Cause it's, it's so, so glamorous at first, I bet. Like you see Boba, Boba Fett,
you know, like I wanted that life. I want to be that guy, but it's not all Boba Fett,
but it's not all Boba Fett and slave ones, which was the name of his ship and not a second
endorsement of slavery on our show. Uh, it's all about, you know, jet packs and grappling hooks
and blasters. Yeah. You know, under that Mandalorian armor, nine to five, you know,
just punching the clock. It's all about, yeah. Um, but I like in the real practice of it,
it's just a lot of paper pushing. It's just a lot of, you know, knocking on doors and sternly talking
to a gentleman. Like, and, and if I've learned anything from dog to bunny hunter, then you offer
him a cigarette and then tell him about Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I'm going to take you in,
like you are going to the big house, but you can also go to the big house in the sky. When you,
when I kill you, I have good notes. I have good news for you. Well, the bad news is you're going
to jail. The good news is everlasting life. What's up? The question is though, could you ever date
one? Oh no, no. Well, you, what if you committed a crime around them? The bounty. Oh, then it
becomes a Harrison Ford movie. Actually, there's a Gerard Butler, Jennifer Aniston feature. Oh,
gross. Oh no. I pulled that out. Put that away, Griffin. Now what's the name of that hit film?
Uh, it's called a bounty for love. No, it's not. It's called it's really creative. Oh,
it was called friends with bounties, friends with bounties. Um, I think it's called the price on
your head is love. Can you hold my helmet? It's called slave one. It's actually called the bounty
hugger. Yes, we will allow it. Yes. Oh God. Right at the wire. Yeah. Got it in and underneath there.
It's called Jennifer Aniston's done. Everybody wave goodbye to her. She had a good run.
It's called the emasculation of Gerard Butler. The movie in movie form. I think I could love
a bounty hunter. You think you could? I think of course you'd love them. It's about the relationship.
You know what I mean? Could you put up with the long hours and the sitting up at nights wondering
if they've hunted their bounty or not? Yeah. I think I would love her so much that none of that
other stuff would matter. You know, Griffin, I want to say that normally there's a comedy show,
but you've really inspired me today. I want to thank you for that to become a bounty hunter.
You'd be great at it, Justin. You would be phenomenal. You would be. You are insatiable.
You would just tenacious. Yeah. Yeah. You're unswerving. Once you have a mark, you just
chase them down until you get your prize and you send them to heaven. Like when I get my mind's
head on something, I can't be stopped. Yeah. Yeah. And you look damn fine in a bulletproof vest. Like
for instance, right now I really need to use the bathroom and even though we're recording a show,
I'm just going to put my headphones on my mic and go do it and then come right back.
See? No big deal. Unswerving.
Justin? No, he's, he's for real using the bathroom. He's really gone, huh?
Uh, so here's another question. Hey brothers, my friend won't stop spitting. He'll do it wherever
me and my other friends go and it's an extremely annoying and disgusting habit. So I was wondering,
is there any way to stop the spit for good? And that's from Adrian.
I need to talk to everybody. If you, okay, listen, I want to address a specific branch of spitting,
even though I don't know this is what they're specifically talking about, but it is in the
family. I don't endorse the use of any tobacco products except the ones that I myself use.
Mm hmm. Snus. Snuff and pipe. No, no, no. I'm sorry. Snus. Snus? Snus. Hey, everybody stop
dipping. Oh my God. It's the grossest thing. It's the worst thing that ever happened to anybody
when they see you do it. Everybody wants to die and they hate you for doing it. Please stop it.
Sometimes I like to picture like the smartest people in the world, great philosophers and great
scientists, like in the middle of a speech, just reaching down and grabbing their empty Coke bottle
and like just letting some brown spittle dribble out of their mouths. Do you know what a fucking
monster you look like? I'm not joking with you right now. Stop it. There's my anti-dipping
message for the, ugh. If you're going to do it, practice, practice safe chawing. If you're going
to chaw, if you're going to scowl it, like at least be safe and smart about it. I worked in
a movie theater for a while and where, where I was, uh, I was a, uh, not a nusher. What's the,
who are the dudes who like cleaned out? I was one of the dudes who like cleaned the theater out
afterwards. And you were a janitor. I was a janitor basically. Um, but like a custodian,
I was a custodian for the movie theater and I would go in after John Cena's the Marine. I would
go in after that showing. And, uh, this was, this was deep in the heart of West Virginia and there
would be cups, just like those Dixie cups and people would just have them sitting on the floor
and I would come up like sweeping like, oh, let me get this half drunk Dixie cup of Coke out.
Oh no. It's human expectorate. It's fucking, it's, it came from your mouth after you swashed
it around with chaw and scowl. You're fucking gross. Like put the, you couldn't pick that up
and throw it in the garbage can. You couldn't because you don't want people to see you carrying
around a cup of your own spit. Your own warm human spit. Your own warmth. That came from your body
dog. Like I don't come to your house and like fucking jerk off in a, in a, some sort of container
and just like, I'm going to leave this on the floor. We cool. We are not cool. Everyone who
has ever made the argument that smoking looks cool. It's like a million times the opposite
for, for dipping. Like I don't understand the appeal of it. There is no appeal. I would rather
eat a cigar. I'd rather feed a cigar to a baby than have anyone ever dip again. But I think this
person is talking about spit. Just like normal spit. You look when you have it in your lip, even
you look like, you look like you have a tumor. You look like you have a tumor in your face.
You started eating a grape and then you stopped. You just gave up on it. And you said, I'll say
this later. This is mine now. You look like a fucking hamster, only a gross hamster with brown
lips. Go home. Okay. So, but spitting. Here's the thing. I don't even understand why someone would,
I, as much as I don't understand dipping and spitting, why would a human being just spit
for no reason? Like what is stopping them from holding their saliva in their mouth?
Just swallow it. Like we're all walking around swallowing it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's set some
ground rules. Cause we're in some pretty gross territory in this question. I don't want to tread.
Don't say that. No, you do it every day. You just don't think about it. Just regulate your own,
just regulate your fluids without like, without showing him that just don't let things that are
in your body out of your body. Can that be a rule? Just like, I don't want to see, I don't get to
watch. And by get, I mean, have, I don't have to watch you pee or make bathroom. Like I don't have
to make you watch you make bathroom or, or you don't have to watch you pee.
It's a privilege not a right. Yeah. I am not forced to watch you make jerksies, but like,
I don't see anything. If you have a fluid in your body, fucking leave it there. Don't spit in front
of me. Don't pee or, or two in front of me. Don't, don't cry in front of me either. I don't even want
to see you sweat. Okay. But hold on guys. I'm going to turn it around. Unless you're rocking the mic.
I want to turn it around. Okay. I want to bring back spittoons. Oh no, even worse. That's not
science's grossest invention. I think is the spittoon. Cause it gives you an outlet, a receptacle.
Yeah. A community hodgepodge of human spit, a hodge, a miasma of, of human fluid that is mixed
together like a broth, like a rolling broth. It would make daring people to drink stuff more
convenient. Yeah. Cause a lot of times you can just go to the spittoon. A lot of times I want
to dare someone to drink something and I don't have anything really good there. And if I try to
do something weird, Pepsi's probably already made a soda based on it. Like there's not a lot of
options anymore. People like so many weird things. Can we, can we, let's, let's build off of this.
Can we make a private spittoon? Like a secret spittoon? If you do absolutely need to spit.
You mean like a mask? Like, like it hangs on your face?
No. Cause I don't, then people would still have to see it. I'm talking about like a flask,
like a secret flask that you spit into very discreetly. Even that's going to be kind of
gross though. I was thinking more like a gas mask where it was like a full face thing.
And so then the receptacle is right below your mouth and no one could see it or you.
That would be pretty good. What about like a, well, you know how we have, you know,
you have a St. Bernard with the barrel of hot cocoa, um, on, around his neck. You could just
have something like that, but it would be a spittoon. Like a cask, like a spit pendant?
Are you saying like a dog that follows you around and you spit on the dog?
Has anybody ever seen a dog? No! What? What? No!
Like my spittle, St. Bernard, spit, spit, spit. That's the saddest dog life.
Your dog looks really sad. All the time. Really sad and moist.
Yeah. I spit on my dog all the time.
Um, it's a living. It's a living though.
It's like you're spitting on your dog. Tell your friend to stop spitting on their dog.
And every time they spit, I want them to imagine a St. Bernard's there,
you know, with the cask and what all. Like they're spitting on him.
Um, just remember Jesus is all around us. So every time you spit, you're spitting on him,
technically. Yep.
And if you believe your grandparents are all around us watching you,
after they pass away, you're spitting on everyone's dead grandparents.
Oh, wouldn't that be dope if you spit and like it just sort of hung in the air and you're like,
what? They'd be like, oh, you spit on grandpa. He's like, you found me.
Darn you kids. I was going to watch the Marine with you.
But now I'm caught and have to go to hell. Um, listen, let's move on.
Yep.
Don't fucking spit. What you do is if your friend spits, you go to where you go and you
pick up his leavings and you rub it on his nose and you say no.
I think it's a justifiable experience. I think it's justifiable to just smack him in the face.
Every time he does, it's just so uncalled for to just spit on the ground wherever you happen to be.
When he does it, you smack him just like every time. I guarantee that will stop so fast.
Push his nose into his leavings. That's the only thing you can do.
No, no, no.
Shake the no-no can at him also.
Yeah.
Um, well, I don't have a good transition for this, but money's out.
Hey, Joe Willans called us.
He wanted us to wish his friend James Bannon a very, very happy birthday.
Hey.
Yeah.
Hey, Jim, James.
I'll go with James. James studied math and English lit at Swarthmore College.
Plays guitar.
It's Big 21, and he's the one who got Joe into our show.
So thanks, James, for spreading the word.
Can we suggest Joe a kickoff drink into this new world that he's entering into?
And Justin, if you say Code Red and Vodka, I am going to quit the show.
Okay.
Well, let me suggest maybe Mountain Dew and a little bit of grenadine and vodka.
Yeah. Okay, what you just described is some sort of home-brewed Code Red.
Your own blend.
You're talking about DIY nerd beverages.
Yeah, DIY, your own blend.
I actually just invented a new drink that I would suggest called the Southern Gentleman.
No, it's delicious.
It's a Bombay Sapphire Gin and a sweet tea and a little bit of lemon.
Oh, I've had one of those.
You mean a Frat House Blackout?
No, it's delicious and it goes down smooth,
and you drink it on your back porch while you appreciate having land.
When do you put mustard and salt and cheese on it and jalapenos?
That's the third one.
And then you pour the drink on a bagel and you just party down.
Yep.
And I puke on you.
By the way, the one time it's permissible to spit is when Travis makes you some food
and feeds it to you.
When you take a bite of Travis's lunch, you will biologically need to spit that out.
I imagine the sandwiches I make are like the sweet embrace of death,
where you're just so happy to go, but you know it's the end.
What's the opposite of a recovery sandwich?
The punishment sandwich.
A de-habilitation sandwich is what Travis crashed.
I feel lonelier.
I feel lonelier from reading this.
This is a backwards concoction I made.
So thank you to Joe.
So if you'd like to wish someone a happy birthday or promote your business or what have you,
get in touch with us.
It's maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
Get an ad of your very own.
Hey, how about Yahoo?
What?
Oh yeah, that would go down smooth.
This one was sent in by Brussels Sprout.
Probably not a real Christian name, but we'll roll with it.
Thank you, Brussels Sprout.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Here, mycollegefund1988 asks,
can I sneak my cat on a plane?
She is a kitten, about a month old,
and I was thinking of putting her in my pocket while I went through security.
My pocket is loose, and since she'll be on me,
she won't be on my stuff that's being x-rayed.
All I have to do is walk through a metal detector.
Do you think this is possible?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What life are you living?
How much do you love that kitty?
How much do you simultaneously love-hate your cat
that you want it to be with you,
but you also want it in your pocket for x hours?
Yeah.
Oh god.
This is like a baby with a cup full of bleach.
I just want to smack it away from it and be like,
no, you can't have that cat.
Don't you see the Mr. Yuck sticker?
You will die.
Oh god.
Oh, Jesus.
So how can we make this happen?
How can we-
Clearly, it's the cat hat.
It's a big cowboy hat, and the cat sits underneath the hat.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure you have to take those off.
I like that.
Let's take it off.
As charming as that would be-
No, you tell him it's-
Sir, you have to take off that 10 gallon hat.
Well, first of all, it's illegal.
Second of all, it's ridiculous.
Tell him it's prescription.
And you say, sure thing, madam, and you take it off,
and your cat is standing perfectly on your head.
Oh.
No, the cat's doing that thing where it's holding its arms
and legs up against the sides of the hat,
and keeping itself inside the hat.
And it's like, well, this looks okay.
And you put the hat back on, and that's how the cat-
And it has its own smaller cowboy hat on it.
Yee-haw.
I'm not even helping anymore,
but I'm just making beautiful tableaus.
These tableaus are pretty beautiful.
There is, of course, a pretty obvious problem with this plan
that we're not making.
Problem with this plan that we're not dealing with here,
and that's cats have metal skeletons.
You see a cat jump off of something high,
you don't hear the snapping of bones,
you hear the clanging of metal on metal.
That's how they're able to survive falls from great distances,
is cats have metal skeletons.
You're gonna have to get those bones out of that cat.
Can you put the cat's bones in your checked luggage?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, who are we fucking kidding?
This guy's not gonna get a cat carrier,
but he's gonna spring the checker bag.
No, he's going full carry-on.
But the problem is-
Let me suggest-
It's not the transporting the cat.
He cannot go.
He is flying from fucking Denver to Seattle,
and he needs to have that cat with him
for that three-hour journey.
Yeah.
Okay, I've got it.
Tell the airline it's a service animal.
Okay, how can we do this?
What is this cat doing?
This is my service kitten.
I- I have a severe nuzzle deficiency.
And sometimes I need to get snuggled out mid-flight.
Is anybody on this plane capable of snuggling?
Is there a snuggler on the plane?
This man took the bones out of his cat.
It is no longer capable of anything.
It is a cat bag.
Boy, how- how much is he going to regret-
regret wearing his My Kitty's the Bomb t-shirt?
Oh, no.
Why did you even pick that one?
That's going to make for some awkward conversation with the- with the guy.
And cats are weapons, by the way.
Duh.
Yeah.
I feel like this person isn't really thinking through the end game of this question.
Like-
Oh, you mean a cat funeral?
For your baby kitten?
Because you had it in your pocket?
And its brains exploded when the cabin was pressurized?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
I hate this person.
Like-
I hate him, too.
What if your pilot is allergic to cats?
Didn't think about that one, did you?
What are you going to do when- when mewing starts coming from your pockets?
What are you going to do?
He's going to know.
Although it does make for the cutest sequel to Snakes on a Plane.
Yeah.
Single kitten on a plane?
I gotta get this motherfucking adorable ass kitten off this motherfucking plane.
I need to get this fucking adorable single kitten.
Just the one.
Just the one salt-and-pepper fur.
This sweet, precious tabby pussy.
Get him off the plane.
Open that door.
Ladies and gentlemen, Cobra Starship.
Play us out.
Can you- can you- can you drug-mule this cat?
Are you saying put the cat up your butt?
No.
Can you put the cat in a shampoo bottle in your butt?
Is that what you're saying?
I- it doesn't have to- you guys are not- you guys are not aware of the recent developments
in drug-mule technology.
Oh, okay, put the cat in your urethra.
Yeah, put it right in your wiener.
Oh, oh, oh, it's in my- oh, the picture!
Oh, the picture's in there.
Just do like I do at the buffet and put it in a sandwich bag.
And in your cargo pants.
And put it in your cargo pants.
That's what cargo pants are for.
Is this a tiny kitty?
Can you keep them in your mouth?
Sir, you're being very quiet.
Sir, can I get you anything to drink?
Milk.
Cat formula.
And sardines.
Sardines, if you have them.
What about buying him an extra ticket and then dressing him like a tiny human being?
Ah, I love it.
This is gonna be great.
Especially if it's a Garfield.
Especially if it's a bipedal cat.
With human features.
Oh, and he's wearing a tiny suit and you make him look like a foreigner.
And that's why he doesn't speak any English and you translate for him.
Okay.
Okay.
I think that this person doesn't want to buy an extra ticket
because they could probably just put the goddamn cat in a box and buy it a ticket.
Yeah.
Right?
Isn't that the way these things work?
Cats are- cats are so low maintenance you could just fucking FedEx them to your- to your final
destination.
Just do what the cat wants and let it go.
Just open your front door and let the cat be free.
That's what the cat wants to do.
If he loves you, he will find you at your final destination.
Fucking homeward bound style.
Fuck yes.
That would be way harder.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Why are you even flying with the cat?
Just homeward bound it.
It's gonna be- it'll leave the door open, it will homeward bound it to you.
Let it get- And then on your return trip, it'll homeward bound back.
Let him get a real good whiff of your musk and then just let him trace you through the sky.
Yeah.
Just pray to God he doesn't Milo and Otis it.
Oh no.
Oh no.
That's a bad scene.
You really don't want this cat to Marley and me it.
Air Bud would be cool though.
Let your cat play some sports.
Hey, what are a few not incredibly obvious ways of finding out if a girl you like has a boyfriend
or not?
I'm currently in university and don't really know how to bring up that topic without the girl
realizing that I'm into her.
That's from Con Fuzzled in Cincinnati.
You goofster.
Why- I have a theory.
Let's hear it.
That I would like you guys to- to refute or agree with and that is that if the girl has a boyfriend
and she is not into you, she will mention it awkwardly like in the first four sentences.
Am I wrong?
But she'll be like, talk, talk, talk.
Well, I guess I better go meet my boyfriend.
No, no, I don't think that.
Well, it depends on what kind of girl are we talking about?
Because if she's- if she's the kind of person who thinks that everybody is into them,
then first off, you shouldn't be- you shouldn't be pursuing her.
Because that's not an attractive trait.
I don't know.
That seems like it would put like more people off than it would-
I don't know, Trav.
I don't think that's true.
I have a really- I have a really cool move.
Okay.
Ask her out.
Yeah, that's- you gotta- why are you afraid of letting her realize that you're into her?
Like that's-
Can I- can I make a metaphor here?
Like- but that's like rather than asking someone if they're allergic to peanuts,
just shoving some peanuts in their face.
No, it's not like that.
It's like asking them out.
And then think about this move, okay?
You ask her out.
She says, yes, you're on a date, get married, have kids.
It's wonderful.
You ask her out.
She has a boyfriend.
Yeah, later.
No, you ask her out.
She says, I got a boyfriend.
You look her dead in the eye and you say, the question stands.
Oh my god.
Oh, that is kind of badass.
How smooth would that be?
That is pretty awesome.
You won't sell it.
No, no, no.
I'm reading your question.
You're not-
Yeah, it's not going to work for you.
And then she'll be like, okay.
And you'll be like, oh, I can't.
I can't be party to cheating.
And then you walk away.
How's your double power play?
Oh, you just convinced her to sin and then threw the sin back in her face.
That move is going to be so-
You're going to be alone tonight, but it's a moral victory.
Move is going to be so dope.
You're going to need a hype man to like walk behind you like, what, what, what?
Get parts, pick up your face.
Have you guys ever been in a conversation with a member of the opposite sex and they
will work into the conversation that they have a boyfriend or a girlfriend, I guess,
if you were a girl and you know that they're saying that so you won't ask them out, but
you weren't that interested in the first place.
Yeah.
You guys ever had that?
I love that.
But then I get, I get affronted at that point.
It's like-
I wasn't going to, but now I can't.
Well, now I'm just mad.
And then I ask them out, like, I'm like, uh, so do you want to get coffee?
And they're like, I just mentioned I had a boyfriend.
I'm like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
I get that.
I get that.
So you like a movie or dinner?
Do you know what is fucking horse apples?
Do you know what is fucking horse apples is that we had to deal with that shit.
Like me, probably all the way up through high school.
But now that Facebook's up and it's like, you know who is fucking who and who's kissing
and who's necking who's smooching.
Like there's not a questioning.
It's so unambiguous.
Everybody knows what is up with everybody else's business.
Unless, unless it's complicated.
We've already talked about that before.
That just means that they're, they're, they're still fucking, but they want that drama.
They love that drama.
Yeah.
Everybody knows what everybody else is doing.
This is not a problem anymore.
I think this guy's telling tales.
Okay.
So you think get on Facebook, check her status.
Yeah.
Here's an easy way to do it.
Get on Facebook and check the part where it says whether or not she's dating anybody.
And if it says she doesn't, then you ask her out and she says she is.
And so you should be like, well, you should update your Facebook better.
And you turn and walk away.
And I'm going to throw this out.
If you don't know if she has a boyfriend or not, which is like a pretty serious thing.
You don't know her well enough to say that you like her.
Well, I don't think that's true.
I do.
It only takes a moment.
But I think it's the parlor if he said a girl I'm attracted to, but not a girl that he likes.
Like, he doesn't know.
He's not into her.
He's attracted to her.
This bitch can't get on Facebook and you think that you're going to fix his vocab.
Like, come on, cut him some slack.
He's trying to get his shit together.
Fair enough.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry Confuzzled.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm sorry things got heated in here.
Just get on Facebook.
Tweet at her.
Tweet at her and find out her status, her Twitter status.
Get on Facebook.
Look at every picture of her that's ever been taken and look for fucking common dudes.
Like a dude who, a repeated dude.
Like, oh, that dude's in a lot of pictures.
They're probably-
Which is also my favorite mathematic principle.
Yeah, the lowest common dude.
The repeating dude.
Yeah.
You know, you can also say, hey, my girlfriend and I want to know if you and your boyfriend
want to go on a double date.
And then when she says you don't have a boyfriend, say, I made mine up too.
Let's go out.
We have so much in common.
This is- I'm going to go.
My girlfriend and I want to know if you want to come to a couple's ministry with me and
her because she's real and you and your boyfriend.
Oh, and then it becomes an Adam Sandler movie.
Yeah, then you have to pay somebody.
But you already own a whore, right Travis?
Yep.
What's- hey, perfect.
Well, I'm still paying it off.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, I'm a senior in college and this semester I've nabbed one of the much coveted single
rooms.
Issue is, this is my first time in my life I've ever lived alone.
I'm five days in and I can already feel my mental health slipping away.
Any tips on surviving the lonely times?
That's from Nick.
I've got a great tip.
Go find a roommate before you hang yourself.
I've never tried this.
I don't know how well I would adjust to it.
This is not a joke.
I did it for about three months and it was so miserable that one of my friends moved
in with me.
I did it for about three months and lost my mind to the point where I was just walking
around talking to myself out loud all the time.
Your best bet is gonna be- and like I have some experience with this.
I don't live alone, but like I work at my house and pretty much all my, you know, day
to day is like here.
You know, day to day is like here.
I find that you got to get out as much as humanly possible.
Like go to Starbucks.
Don't sit at home and watch a movie.
Like go to the theater.
Like just be around people.
But my folly.
I mean, we're not reinventing the wheel here.
You ever see old men by themselves and they look happy?
No, they don't.
They're alone.
They're lonely.
Like when you live alone, you get lonely.
That's that's sort of like the operative word there.
Yep. Yeah, right.
I feel that living alone is like one of those like for me it's like going to the pool where
it seems like such a good idea and then you do it and like five minutes in you're like,
oh, yeah, this is boring.
Oh, oh, I don't know why I was so excited about this in the first place.
Quick anecdote.
Have you guys ever gone to the pool by yourself?
It is super hard to do that and not feel like a total pedophile.
Oh, yeah.
I think if you're alone at a pool, I think people are looking at you like, oh, that's
a there's a pedophile confirmed.
You know, I feel the same way about going to magic quest by myself.
Well, yeah, that that probably is a little more sustainable.
I think that's a supportable theory there.
Here's the here's this was my folly is that by going out by leaving your house, a good
substitution for that is not going out into the magical world of Azeroth to go on and
online adventures with your with your e-buddies.
That is not that was not a good substitution, not a good supplement for the real deal.
Right.
So don't do that.
This is key.
Don't do that.
This is so lose yourself in the world of computer games.
You got to leave the house.
You got to take up a hobby.
You got to find a roommate.
Go quick.
Yep.
Quick before the semester is it gets too deep in.
Stop and stop.
What happened to me in that three months I live by myself is I was constantly contacting
everyone I knew.
Be like, do you guys want to come over?
I can come over there.
We go grab some pizza, get a beer, whatever.
And eventually I burned out everyone.
Do you want to come here?
Just come sit with me, please.
Just sit here.
Be another living person in the same 10 feet square as me, please.
Travis, are you trying to hold my hand right now?
When, uh, when you guys are done swimming, you kids want to come by.
I got some like cheese balls.
We could watch a movie or whatever.
See what's on TBS.
Got some code red Mountain Dew.
Just see what happens.
It's a Mountain Dew ingredient.
Just make your own.
It's no big deal.
You know what you should do, actually?
What?
Just get super lonely this year.
Just take it always seem to go that you don't know what you got till it's gone.
Here's the problem.
The only problem is it is your senior year of college and you're supposed to be making
memories and stuff doing all that shit.
But, um, so it's unfortunate that these two stars have aligned in this manner, but you
gotta have a lonely year.
I think we all have a lonely year and that that lonely year is so important to your,
to your formation as a human being, as a man.
Do you know who I bet has a lot of strong memories?
Who's that?
Uh, Tom Hanks character in Castaway.
Yeah, sure.
Tom Hanks character in Castaway knows exactly who Tom Hanks character in Castaway is, even
though we cannot recall his name.
It's Wilson.
Yeah.
That was yes.
Wilson and Wilson Jr.
I think that the two main characters of that movie.
God, that movie would have been so much better if he thought the volleyball was his son.
Is it too early to do a remake of that movie?
Nope.
Where he thinks that his son starred in Jonah Hill.
How does she convince me to come to this movie?
This is terrible.
Oh, get lonely, Nick.
Really live in it.
Just live in that loneliness.
It'll get better.
Wallow.
Just have a lonely year.
Have a lonely year, even though both of my brothers just said they managed the last three
months.
You gotta push yourself.
Push yourself to the brink.
Do as we do, not as we something.
I don't know.
Yeah, something along those lines.
Griffin.
I have a Yahoo for us.
Who better?
This one was sent in by Alex Siegler.
It's by, oh, thank you, Alex.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Crest, who asks, is it okay for guys to skinny dip together?
My friends and I are about to go swim, and we were curious if it was weird if we all
went skinny dipping.
It's from four weeks ago, so hopefully they found the answer by now.
I'll tell you what's weirder is like having a discussion like, so you guys ready to skinny
dip or what?
And one person going, well, let's ask the internet first.
Yeah.
That's what's not okay.
Okay, if you're a bunch of gay friends and you want to just go feast your eyes on some
man candy and you're young, all fit, virile, I say go for it.
Oh, fuck yeah.
That sounds pretty great.
That's not the question.
Of course that's okay.
What are you even doing on the internet?
Just go for it.
They're gonna leave.
They're all piled into one car.
And it smells amazing.
Like, they're all going to the skinny dip.
What is that smell?
I don't think you pile into the car naked and arrive naked and get in the water naked
and get out of the water naked and get back in the car naked and drive home naked.
You guys want to go skinny driving?
All the world's most tasteful colognes and just that smell melding into like one gay
ambrosia.
Like, yeah, I think you should probably get off Yahoo Answers and go-
Can we say man-brosia?
Man-brosia.
But like, okay, I'm assuming by okay, this writer, this question asker, does not mean
is it cool for me and all my other gay male friends to have a crazy bacchanal.
This question is almost a little offensive because he's asking if it fits into sort of
the heterosexual social norms.
Is it okay-
It doesn't fit into any social norms.
Is it okay for a bunch of heterosexual friends to get naked and get in a lake together?
And the answer is yes, yes, a thousand times yes.
This is my question because I might be missing something here.
I'm under the impression that skinny dipping serves two and only two purposes.
One is nobody has a swimsuit, but we all want to swim.
Yeah.
Right?
Second is we want it to lead to some sexy times.
Is that it?
I mean, this is the thing about- No, I think it has to do with perspective.
I think if you're a woman, then you skinny dip because it's something wild.
Like you're living this Natasha Bedingfield song.
Like you are, you know what I mean?
But for guys, when guys skinny dip, it is so they can see some juggums.
That's right.
Like that's just how guys, that's how the sexes are different.
Like no guy gets in a pool naked with a bunch of his other friends.
Like this is so wild.
I can't believe we're doing this.
Yeah, the balls are out and everything.
And Justin, Travis, there is no freedom more free than just feeling cool, cool lake water
right on your, whatchamacallit, like right on it.
Like no mesh.
I am willing to bet that out of these, what, 13 guys, like they said, hey, we're going to
go swimming and like, well, let's say 12 of them were cool.
And then the other one was like, I don't know that I want my Zagnuts out.
Yeah.
And when I show them off to everybody-
Right on my, right on my mounds.
Check the internet.
Yeah.
Hey, Swedish, does Yahoo have any answers?
Yahoo, the best answer as chosen by voters, it's Yahoo answers user Harg who says,
it would be weird if you have never been skinny dipping with mates at some point in your lifetime.
It's pretty normal life experience.
So there you go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
So he's saying if you are a novice at it, if you don't know how to do it right, it could be weird.
I don't know.
I don't think that's what he's saying at all.
I think he's saying if you've never had interest in a nude moonlight swim with your bros with 15
year closest bros, by the way, I don't think it's that many bros because once you get that many bros
agreeing on something, it is like, it's a, it's a lifestyle.
Once you get 15 bros all in a room, like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now you're all living in some kind of weird cult compound thing.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
Don't ever tell.
Yeah.
Then you, it's a decision that you've made and not like just three bros like, oh man,
let's get in the water.
You know what I mean?
I think it's a harmless thing.
I think that you got to, I think you got to get some moonlight and you've got to get some cool,
cool lake water and maybe a duck will swim by and be like, hey duck, I'm naked.
Don't ever tell.
Don't ever tell.
Don't ever tell.
I'll get you, duck.
Duck, I swear if you breathe a word of this, I will find you.
Duck, don't you ever tell.
Don't bite my, it's down there.
Don't bite my thing.
Don't bite my down there zone.
We were on a nice kick for naming our dick after candy bars.
Is there any other?
Don't nibble on my fifth Avenue down there.
Hey baby, are you ready to take five?
Oh, your name is Henry.
You might, I say just, oh, Henry.
Oh my.
Oh, Hank.
Hey, I want to hear Griffin's.
Toblerone.
Yeah.
This is my baby roof.
It looks funky, but it feels fine.
This is my chocolate boner.
This is my Twix.
I've got two of them.
Don't tell, ducks.
You actually get chocolate boners in the adults only section of Honeydukes.
A lot of people don't know that.
It's behind a magical curtain.
We'll take the lot.
Even the chocolate boners.
I don't know if that's.
Is it weird for me and my 12 friends to sit in a circle and eat chocolate boners
or always stare at each other?
That's fine.
Don't worry about it.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
First quick housekeeping things.
This is my brother, my brother and me.
MBMBAM.com is our website.
You can go there to find all the different ways to ask us questions.
You can email us MBMBAM at maximumfund.org.
Don't forget if you want to do a personal message or a business message or something,
go to maximumfund.org slash Jumbotron.
And if you want to write about the super robot, you go to maximumfund.org slash Gumbotron.
Thank you, Travis.
That's not real.
We also, you know, we want to do.
I really, really, really want to do like a dating ad for somebody.
So bad.
So, so bad.
Please, please, please get in touch with us so that we can do that on the Jumbotron.
Please.
I need to.
And that's not a corporate thing.
That's a, that's a personal message for $100 and you'll have a girlfriend.
The love of your life.
I really also want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of their theme
song for our show.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which I bought again today.
Thank you so much for all of our Twitter friends that, that tweet about the show with the
NB&BM hashtag.
Thank you to Harley Grant, Little Froggy, Mary Beth, Jeff Bergkamp, everybody on the
Parsipzilla, also Mariko, Joano11, everybody.
Thank you so much.
And a special thank you to Tracy V. Wilson, who Griffin and I met at PAX.
And also there's been a lot of activity on the NB&BM wiki thing.
And I want to appreciate, I want to say I appreciate everybody who's added stuff to
that so new people can reference stuff.
But I want to throw out real quick.
My favorite sentence in the entire thing is I asked people to add some stuff to my profile
and my favorite sentence is, for as long as he can remember, Travis has been played by
Albert Brooks.
And it makes me so incredibly happy.
Thank you to Karen D for getting that going again.
And if you want to hop on there and add to that, we would love that.
How the fuck are we not on Wikipedia proper yet?
Like our wiki is great and I love it, but why are we not on Wikipedia yet?
Does anybody know the owner of Wikipedia?
Yeah, we actually, we had a page once we got deleted.
Did we really?
Yeah.
What a stern webmaster.
Then we had a page on WikiLeaks and then it was like a huge thing.
Yeah, leaked all of our documents.
They revealed what the secret beeped word was.
So thank you.
Keep tweeting.
When you tell people about the show, please include a link to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's bim bam.
That's the best way to get people involved.
Uh, Griffin, you know what I need.
It's the final Yahoo answer sent in by Jacob blocker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo answers user Tom's daughter.
Who asks apart from the well-known book ghost cats, human encounters with
feline spirits by dusty rainbow.
What other evidence is there for the existence of an afterlife for cats?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm dusty rainbow, my brother, my brother, me.
He's your dad.
Wear on the lips.
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man.
These girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part, play your part.
