The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
You
Hello and welcome to the McElroy spook tack sorry
Spectacular. I'm your ghost with shit fuck. I'm your host with the most. Sorry. I'm very tongue-tied. I'm very nervous
Travis
Justin's really the one who
Introduces the show. Oh Justin. Do you want to try it? Sorry? I normally do like I know he does like it
Okay, Justin you do your Dracula psycho, okay
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother be an advice show for the machinera
I'd say my name
Three times and I'll come to your podcast, too
Dracula
That's yeah, that was
That was sweet. Oh, yes. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna go different. I introduced I introduced the show and I was gonna go with like a
Beetlejuice, that's cool. Okay Griffin. You want to take a run at it? Yeah, I'll do
I'll do
Michael Myers, okay, don't care
I love it. Love it. Never gets old. Welcome to our super scary
He had to have an agent or somebody early days. He like Mike Mike should we change it Mike?
There's a pretty well-known guy and he kills babysitters bad guy. You want to change it Mike? No
I'll go by Mike Myers. Well, Mike Myers has ever worn a William Shatner mask to Halloween. Just be like
Just a feel oh I said great
So what what are we doing?
Special it's a Travis's idea Travis. I don't want to steal your thunder. Go ahead and lay it out for us
Well, well, the idea is basically I'm while you're listening to this in the UK
Yeah, I know it's for I'm from the past and the future all at once time is a flat circle and you know
What I said coming up. It's the spooky times
It's just it's you know clock and so it's like let's do a Halloween special
So we had people send in some spooky Halloween questions, and I assume you guys prepared a lot of spooky Halloween bids
Yeah, a lot of great stuff
Oh no
Yeah, I have I have a mummy game. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I made up a mummy game
Oh, there's a whole cornucopia of delights that I didn't even know awaited me
Yeah, there's a lot of prep so hard with all my bits. In fact, you know what? I'm
Deleting them. Okay. I deleted permanently all the great crap that I did because Griffin's got this mummy game
Yeah, that'll probably take up 45 minutes at least
Yeah, I'm gonna erase the question list. Let me erase the question list so we
Know oh no, and this and then I'm tweeting the or changing the name of the show to mummy boy mummy's boys
Yeah, mummy's boys and cuz it's just gonna starring Griffin
McElroy. All right, Griff. I'm ready. I trademarked it. I changed the show name permanently and legally. Perfect. Let's go
Okay, so this is the first round okay of the mummy game, okay
It's called I'm sorry. Is it called the mummy game or yeah, okay
It's called the mummy. It's called the mummy's game. Okay. Sorry. Okay the mummy. It's called the mummy's maze and
Here's the first round. The first round is called the first round is called
under wraps Oh
Yeah, and this one I have a secret and you guys gotta have to guess it are you a mummy
No, you guys you guys gotta have to guess my secret. That's under wraps the first round of the mummies. Can I try?
Yeah, go
You didn't prepare anything. No, that's not it. Next. Yes
You're trying to bring back your long-lost bride on knocks on a moon. No, that's not it next
So do you give us a hint?
You're all scarabs. That's right. Justin got it. I'm all scarabs. I'm all scarabs inside
uh
Sure feels like it some days
because
That's the first round of the mummy's maze. It's called under wraps
The second round of the mummy's maze is called the pyramid of shame
Oh now a lot a lot of lesser people. Yeah said I want to space this out
Let's do some more the regular episode and I'll come back for round
No, I just want to get I just want to be done with the mummy's maze
I came up with it, but I also fucking hate it. Oh
So it's like one of my beds
Yeah, like I came up with it last night in a sort of dream
Sweat like the be Ronak gets in made him up, but then it tortured him. Yeah, he was like, this is so good
Fuck he's like, I don't want to make this to make it
I don't want to do the mummy's maze, but fuck like it has to get out
Yeah, I have to get it out of me. So this pyramid of shame
Yeah in this one. We're gonna
In this one, we're all gonna tell people what we're super ashamed about
Oh, wait, we have to yeah and the big and the idea is it's a pyramid, right?
So you want to start big? Okay, you go for a shame a big shame a huge shame a big shame
Mmm, gosh, go ahead Griffin. Yeah. Yeah, if Griff's gonna go first. Yeah, sure. Okay, I
Just I add a party
Um whenever there's a party I usually don't get I don't get invited to those very much. Oh
And that's a shame that's something you're ashamed of yeah other people go
To them and get invited to them other dads. Yeah, I guess I should say now that my boys in school
Other dads like really have you guys noticed brief sidebar? All the other dads know each other
Okay, we can agree on this all the other dads know each other, correct?
Yeah, they walk in and the party don't start till that dad's there then that dad every dad knows every other dad
every other dad and this dad and they and they're over there over there and they're over there talking about like
How to repair their like sports projectors
Unless it's a car or not. I know how to repair things unless it's a relationship. Anyway, that's my shame
But I laid the first brick of shame. Okay, my shame is that I've been mine was real and raw
Mine was real and rock. Go ahead. Just to remind you. I've been telling the other dads not to invite Griffin to parties
Justin do you know about it? Um, you know, it doesn't work if you're not I think my younger in my younger days I
was not as thoughtful of a person as I like to think I am now and I feel like
That if I've been more dialed into that, you know, like thinking about other people rather than just myself
I would have had sort of more friends and connections. That's great. Maybe more dads would maybe more dad
Maybe maybe this is an issue. We all still suffer from and that's why dad's hey
Dad's hate this one. You can see the possibility for me. Is that these same dads?
Were already popular. Oh, yeah sure now they're just like still
still
Popular right ads, but they're dads now and I'm still not in there
Oh, here's my shame, even though I'm really excited whenever a new mission impossible movie comes out
I don't really have a lot of passion regarding Top Gun Maverick and I don't know why it just doesn't do anything for me
But like the idea of like oh another mission impossible fuck
Yeah, but then they're like and they made another top gun. I'm like that doesn't doesn't click for me for some reason
I see people on planes watching it and it seems like they're having a really good time
They enjoy it, but I I just can't seem to get interested in watching Top Gun Maverick for this next round
We're not even rented it. I paid a rent on my iPad and I'm on
Bathroom paper go get bathroom paper for then. These first two rounds are hard because
The first two rounds are hard because you have to really dig deep and say a bunch of stuff about yourself that maybe you don't
Want to say in front of our audience, but that's just loosens you up for the third round, which is a fun one
Okay, and this round is called under wraps and but it's not but this round is called under wraps and for this
You'll need bathroom now Griffin, but the first round was called under wraps for this round
You'll need to do bathroom paper Justin's returned Justin has some we are actually rationing it in my home
So I can I use wrapping like can I use toilet paper with the guys?
I mean you don't get to play this round. I just it's just Justin gets to play it
Okay, and Justin you have ten seconds to turn it itself into a mummy ready set go one
the neck for three four five six seven eight nine
Ten oh stop. Don't wrap any more stop put the tissue down put the bathroom paper down
Okay
That's not a very good job. No put it back on the roll though cuz somebody's gonna use that
Now sit there like that for the rest of the podcast Wow wait question though. Yeah, do it. So
Well, he didn't get to do it
He didn't get to do it cuz he wanted to fake it and he's been faking it this whole fucking time
But you my road dog you've been over there the real
Realist the realest mummy is what you are
Now hold on can we jump back cuz I don't think it's fair that you get to judge my level of shame about not watching
Top Gun Maverick because for all you know that might be the biggest shame in my life
I don't have a lot to be embarrassed by
Everything I've done is perfect. Yeah, hey, bud
Man I'm gonna let me take a long hard look Justin wins the mummy's maze your next year when we play it
maybe Travis will get his head out of his ass and
And actually engage with the sport of it that I worked all night long to prepare
That's actually my greatest shame is that I didn't go for it. I'm sorry. All right. Well save that for next year
I'll say one this time this feels more like you know what this feels less like a Halloween episode
And more like a Halloween party at school. Yes, kind of like and I thought about it. Like why can't we have
Why can't podcasts have like hard a party? Yeah
Thank you, this is like our office. This is our office party. This is our like our office party
I don't know why podcasts can't have party episodes where it's just like yeah, they weren't really
You know trying to make it good. Yeah, like they were just but they seemed like but they were hanging they were having real
Yeah, they brought in a lot of individually
Pre-packaged foods so that it was nice and safe and everybody could enjoy a juice boxes and what-have-you. Yeah
Um, let's uh, let's ask one of your very scary questions here. Okay. I need some advice regarding tax on
This is cruel
Folks, you do it. This is cruel when you write them, you know who reads them. Okay, this is cruel. I
Need some advice regarding
taxonomical
Accuracy nailed it does the term werewolf describe only the monstrous wolf creature of supernatural lore
Or does it describe both the monster and the seemingly innocuous person who becomes that monster is a werewolf?
Who is in her human form still a werewolf?
That's for lady lycanthrope
Labeler in London, Ontario
Well, am I a ghost?
No, no
Okay, but one day I'll be a ghost so like
By that logic you hope by that logic I'm I'm a ghost already. I'm already a ghost walking around a cliff
And I'm sorry, but I have to quibble. All right, because
I have to quibble
Once you become a ghost you can't go back to being a human unless you have the machine from Casper the friendly ghost
I'm Chris. Correct. Your your thing is actually very dumb Griffin because if you now I didn't say that
Well, let me go ahead and Justin can say shit like that because he won the mummy's maze
and that means that like he's in charge and he can say whatever he wants if someone's like hand me a piece of paper and
You get the trunk of a tree and you bring it to them and you say here you are
And then I'll say that's not paper and then you say well it will be
That's yeah, that's nothing. That's nothing. Yeah, I do think it's okay. Here's the here's the thing. I do think
They are well once they have been
Infected in some way once they're cursed once they're whatever what have you to become a werewolf, right?
and they change either at will or
under the force of the full moon whether they are human form or
Beast form they are now a werewolf
That said I think it's unfair and probably a little gauche
Probably like ruin a party if you see them in a human form like and you're a werewolf and like hey, hey, come on
Hey, that's not okay, but here's the thing that fucks me up all the time
Where werewolves here's the thing werewolf isn't real vampire vampire isn't real
Frankenstein zombie isn't real skeletons walking around dancing. Skeletons are real bones. Yeah. Okay skeletons are real
but
mummies
Mummies are real mummies are real in that wild that is wild
But skeletons are also real in that way Griffin
Not real enough to Griffin not walking around though
But they did it was some point guys I just drank I had an old coffee here from like zombie coffee
Like just just ripped it nice, dude
Anyway, um, I don't think I think aware. I don't I think if you say oh
Werewolf and you point to just a person that's not that you are not being
Helpful, you may be being accurate with your language, but you're not being helpful. There is which there it is. Yeah, I think that's true
Yes, that's true. Good. That's it feels good to settle one, you know, yeah, sure
Um, hey, you know, who else is real the wizard and he wants us to learn
By way of Zack who sent it in how to live in a haunted house
This is a you just moved in and now you have had really bad feelings about the place
Chances are the place could be haunted you may be frightened, but don't be reading this. I really not buyers or more
Don't worry about that and this economy is a ghost reading this article can help you cope with the ghost presence
It would be cool if you may be frightened, but don't be was a phrase
with any amount of
efficacy
Like whatsoever. Yeah. Yeah as a parent if I could
Pull out that card from my deck that blue-eyes white dragon and slap it down and have one of my beautiful boys be like, oh
Okay, that would be so sick
But here's how to live in a haunted house step one take a well-built guard dog like German Shepherd with you into the house now
Hey, I know that this just step one like ghosts don't care about dogs
What's the ghost gonna do?
Like the dogs gonna bite the ghosts like come on dogs easily detect the presence of the spirits
It will be daring to you also with the dog
What?
It will be daring to you also
With the dog. Okay. Okay. I just feel like clearly and I think we can all agree
Cats have much more of a connection to the spiritual world. Well, yes
And so like if I was going to take a guard animal in with me, it would be a powerful kitty cat
Yeah, but the cat the loyalty there is a question. There's a definite
There's a definite issue of like will they just be like, oh nice ghosts. No, that's fair. That's a good point
Yeah, right away. I would want a big and I would want like a like an elephant or a rhinoceros something that like good
Yeah, cuz you can't see these thing. You can't see these dudes. So you want like something big that can
You know law of large numbers eventually is gonna impale him on his big
You know what if we're gonna do that, then just give me a drill bit Taylor
Give me a drill bit Taylor big old beefy Owen Wilson to go in in front of me to protect me from God
He looked so big and strong in that so fucking ripped in that man
Look like he ate Luke
Remind yourself that before you move anything into the house walk through the entire place doing this will give the ghosts a chance to scope
You out and accept your presence in their home. I
Did buy it. Yeah, that's the thing is that buying a house is
virtually impossible
today and so if that does happen and you've jumped through the
infinite hurdles that are
Terrible society is created between you and a home
I don't think I'm going to have much patience for a spectral hurdle
Yes, a dead a dead person who like already had their chance and frankly blew it. Correct?
Because they died like you had a chance to be the resident of this house and you fucked up
You know what Griffin you have you have just enlightened me made me realize how much like having a landlord
is like living in a haunted house where just like sometimes you come home and you're like wait something's different or like
Like you're like, should I fix that like no, we don't change anything
Yeah, if we if we change something they'll get mad and this is just sort of like a little
Marie Kondo tip from me from yours truly to you is that you should walk through the whole house
Before you move anything into the house
Maybe before you buy it before you buy it even like you should you should see the whole house
I think before because otherwise you're just gonna like carry in a couch and then be like
This room looks this room seems like a good couch room. That's not a good way
Or you can walk a bike. There's no floor. I should have looked first. I should have made sure this house
I floors
Remember before moving all your stuff into the place move in as few items as possible at first this will avoid riling the ghost
Parentheses s ghosts to the changes going on during the transition from former occupants. Sorry ghosts
I only got my friends one pizza. I'm not doing pizza again for them. We gotta get everything in on this one Saturday
I got my dad's truck and my dad normally uses that truck on Saturdays and he rearranges schedule
I don't know what to tell you ghost. Do you have a truck? No
If it's a malevolent spirit like the ghost of a mummy or something like that. Yeah
Oh, that's the one then they're gonna be watching you like a hawk. And so I do actually think there is some great wisdom to
Bringing in the credenza first and then like the two ghosts the two mummy goes on your house being like I'm gonna fuck this
Dude's whole day up. But then the other one would be like Josh. It's a credenza like yeah, it's just a credenza
He's not gonna do but then you slowly like the next day. Maybe you bring in a futon
And you know murder by a thousand cuts which which is how most ghosts
Are made keep in mind while moving furniture or other objects in be alert for any feelings
You may have about where an item should be placed
Yeah, if you can make a ghost happy by placing a chair in a particular space
It could save you lots of trouble later on. Okay, so I guess they're saying that your feelings will mimic the ghosts
Feelings I guess like be aware of your feelings
Oh, okay. Hey, hey wiki how article
Are you saying that if my house wasn't haunted and I put a chair somewhere and I said I fucking hate this
Keeping that chair right there. This is this is the kitchen
Without any ghosts around there's no reason to not put a chair where I hate it
Well, we're carrying this couch through the kitchen to get to the family room, but I feel happy
So set it down because that's a ghost telling me that
Are you sure you don't want to just put the couch down? No, no, this is ghost feelings
Yeah, you don't even live here Doug. Just with the coach couch down. It's good
Try to relate to the ghost by talking about what life may have been like in the house if it is an old house and try
To do something former residents would have done in the house while they live there like eating some meals in a formal dining room or listening
To period music from the time the house was built
I feel like we've we that has come up in a different like dealing with ghosts scenario wiki
How because we have definitely talked about that if you try to say like I bet
Well, you had a hard time with the plague because like fuck off dude, like you weren't there
I don't wanna hear it. No, but they're taught not talking about that
They're talking about get out the get out the the old, you know
Phonograph and should throw down the fucking Charleston and you will hear ghosts just like yes
Yes
Fuck yes, it's
2022 what if it's a ghost from the 90s or something who are like what the fuck play some like where's my disk master?
Come on, man. Okay. Well, then you're gonna need sort of a now. That's what I have called music
But to the next point Travis try to talk about big events that would have happened while past owners would have been living here
For example on October 29th of a year try to talk about how past residents would have felt about the stock market crash in the beginning
Of the Great Depression
How do you think I became a ghost you dick, yeah
Yeah, you know what? You can just you just play we didn't start the fire and if they're from that
Like that era they're gonna fucking love it
But this wiki article sounds like it wants specific day-to-day trivia
Yeah, it could be cool if you're just like sitting in your bedroom and ghost hovers up beside you
But okay, let's take a look October 10th. Hey, it's Susan Sarandon's birthday. Like the ghost is gonna fucking love that. Yeah flip
That's very grounding for me
Thank you
Avoid the area the ghost is in if they are in one particular place try using the room as a storage area and leave the ghost
Alone. Oh, yeah, the ghost will love that
That's like a mystery to that scenario of air wiki hell. Yeah. Yeah. Here's my broken rowing machine
You sleep in the room with that now idiot also wiki how?
Don't like I shouldn't don't like it shouldn't have died if I can pinpoint where the ghost is
Yeah, I think I've got a lot more going on here than where to put like where to put the good TV or whatever
If it's like on the ghost also ghost ain't gonna stay in that one room. It's a ghost. Yeah, it moves around
Does the ghost do you think goes have to stay in your house?
house
We've definitely talked about this before but yes, I mean if you we I don't maybe it's been a while
I think that there should be a rule that if it's been like three years
We're allowed to talk about the same shit again
Cuz I feel like there's only so many things but if you see a ghost on the street that would fuck me up
I need them to be in a I need them to be contained inside of
Buildings. Well, the only way if they have very strong feelings about that Street
If they were like a crossing guard to like lived to protect that corner, I could see that happening
Yeah, but that's it. That's the only way but I don't want to try to spend a night and the old haunting
Dickerson mansion and then like make it to 1 a.m
And just be so freaked the fuck out that I have to get out of there and I run away
But then old man Dickerson is like floating with me like on my block and I'm like, what are you doing?
Like I got out of the house. He's like so what like so what I'm bored. I follow you now
But I think it would also be pretty positive experience though
If there's someone was like yeah, this house is haunted and you spend all night there
You're like, I don't see any ghosts in here and you look outside and there's like a ghost on the lawn
And you're like I live with that. That's actually that's fine. He's out there
Hey, try to spend a night in the place
Some goes try to communicate with the living through dreams the line that goes to get its message through to the living may put it
Into the haunting and send the ghost on its way. I would say if you buy a house try to spend a night in a place
Hey
Give it a shot
It's worth it's worth an attempt. I hey slow down your jet-set lifestyles really keeping you away from your house
365 nights a year try sleeping that place at least
Yeah, you have you have a family that
Sleep in the house. Yeah the house except the ghost while this may be difficult for some to do
Most ghosts will leave you alone if you acknowledge their presence like, okay, you lift it up
My whole dining table to the ceiling and then you dropped it. So I saw that I saw that okay, like
Heard all day heard got it. Thank you. You're there you are there talk to the ghost
Let it know it is welcome to stay if it leaves you and your family alone
That's a slippery slope. I think why?
I just feel it just feels like if they slip up. Does that mean like
Spam email it's like, okay. Yes, and I'm not gonna reach out to you anymore
Yeah, and then what before you know it like more ghosts show up and you're like, hey and he's like
I'm how is me having a ghost party that you can't even vibe with aside from like if you walk through one of us you
Get cold
Like how is that bothering you? Like how am I being a nuisance to you right now?
A living person also old to think that the concern here is that ghost doesn't know if it's allowed to stay or not
Yeah, the narrative here is really shifting but let's end it with this last bit
which is remember if the ghost does something scary, let it know you are upset and
That if such behavior continues, it will not be tolerated. So so just like
Ah, no, no, no. Hey, listen, everyone's allowed to get frustrated. I understand that you're frustrated
I get that you're allowed to be frustrated, but we do not swing the dog around the room while going blue. That's not okay
That's not how we express our feelings. Do you understand? Hey, look at me. Hey, we're talking
Are you listen? What did I just say? Not we do not make a gooey portal on the ceiling
Okay, and pull and pull the little girl through it and then she gets in the TV now. Do you understand me?
Do you hear me? Do you want to sit down? Do you want to sit on the no-no step? Yep ghost
Do you want to be in the no-no crypt? You're going in the no-no crypt ghost because you are not listening
We're trying to do it. I see you. I see your eyes. That's a good choice. You made a good choice
Thank you ghost
See ghost I I love you so much and it's and it's why I'm not like I'm just disappointed I guess
Listen, I think I think there's no such thing as a bad ghost
I think there's just a ghost that makes bad choices. You know, let's make choices around here. And yeah, we can watch some iPad
What do you want to watch?
So
Yeah, there's not really any good questions after this
A lot of people have because we we really have plumbed the depths at this point
And I don't know that there's much else to like if there's more to say about ghosts like we'll be the ones to discover it
Yeah, I mean not something on wiki how but that's just that's just how to live in haunted houses. You got to talk to the
Ghost about all the cool stuff that's happened since the 1930s
But then also don't talk to the ghost and don't go near it. Let it have its space
But if it does try to fuck around then it's tell it it'll kill it again or whatever that ghost. Hey
You know what? No one talks about
The ghost flickers the lights and shit and like makes cold spots and it's like hey, man
That's my electric bill and my heating bill. Could you not like you please not?
Hey, you're scaring me. That's fine. You're messing with my financial. I just bought a house. Do you know how hard that is? Yeah
Anyway, that's um, that's ghosts. I'm having people over to my apartment for Halloween
And I've realized that I don't know any good ghost stories to tell I want to set the tone for the evening with something
Scary spooky, but I'm at a loss. Do you have any good ghost stories? I can use
alternatively, do you have a formula for a
Badass ghost story cursing that's from uninspired in Arizona a
badass ghost story
Cool, like like a cool ghost story. I think that no matter what I like the idea of a formula
I don't like the idea of sitting here and trying to come up with a ghost story
That sounds like comedy boys into me, but I mean the formulas formula we can work with formula simple, right?
It's got to start with something like oh, you know
It was blank years ago. Now. This is where it's tough, right? It can't be two
Six months back in March
You've lived here since January, yeah, I know I was
I didn't tell you about this because not only is this a badass scary ghost story. It's an embarrassing one
It also can't be so long ago. You can't be like 500 years ago on this very spot someone
Sure
Absolutely, let's just pick a year
230 right
Too far. That's way too far 100. It was a it was 83
It has to be a round number
I think cuz then it also it's like for some reason it's like a hundred years ago and goes like who an anniversary
What about what about one and you're like, let me tell you about the Holy Ghost
He's this guy that's pretty scary actually I did just get scared of being at a party and not happening
You know scary means life without him. So that's the beginning
That's the beginning obviously the end of the story
No matter what a common great element for a badass ghost story is if you keel over dead
Yeah at the end of the story and a ghost comes out of your body and like
And screams like happy Halloween and like flips over the table
Yeah, okay. It was a hundred years ago and you had to drop down that at the end. Yes
Now, let me take it a little different. Okay, it starts like this. Hmm. Okay, it was
1989 years ago and a man he was put he died and he was buried but then
Three days later. He came back from the grave
read this literature
Oh pretty scary. Okay. I am so distracted. I'm so distracted by the fact that you set this
Bit in 1989. No, it was
1989 years ago. Yeah, right because he died when he was 33 Justin so it couldn't be
2022 years ago. I did you I did you the math?
Travis is we record with camera now and I Travis went to a
Sunken place. Yeah
99 and that wasn't it. That was when Jesus had a righteous 23
The calendar begins on the exact day
Yeah
Any other good ghost story
One thing that I always think is very impactful and ghost stories is that
Someone is eating something that turns out to be a body part
Oh
Yeah, I mean like and yeah
And the payoff is always like this is I think the moment right before the death of fright is like and it was fingers
Oh, that's yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. I
Know this is excellent. It was a hundred years ago. Uh-huh
Something something something
and it was fingers and then
Dad dad
It helps if it's like relatable if it sounds like it happened to someone like that, you know, or like someone and so like just
Point at anyone in the room and be like they were there they can tell you
Yeah, and then when they deny it be like, maybe you're the ghost, right? That's cool. Like a second person sort of
horror story
Justin almost drink the back. I almost drink the back. You really need to tight tighten and it was fingers. Oh
Wait, is there something in this bad coffee? Is there something in this this? Oh, yes
They open to the universe bringing ideas to you a hundred years ago
I threw a party in their apartment that was and everybody everybody drank the punch
But he had put poison in it and kind of like this punch that you've all been drinking
Let's let's say it was my uncle. Yeah years ago my uncle
Yes, because no one's gonna challenge you on it cuz that would be rude cuz it's your uncle
Yeah, my right is your uncle well enough to know if it really happened. My dad was a real lady
No, not my baby. No, cuz my uncle was there a hundred years ago
My uncle was 70 years old or to my dad 100 years ago. My uncle
My very good. Okay 100 years ago my six-year-old uncle and then it's like yeah, cuz he's a hundred
Yeah, he started living a good clean life and exercising
No, but on a completely hold on on an unrelated
He stopped eating chicken fingers cuz they were real fingers, okay, that's
Dead a hundred years ago a hundred years ago my very young uncle
This also sounds like a mnemonic device
My very young uncle just ate chicken fingers then stop because they were human fingers
But I never stopped eating the fingers and now I have cardiac problems
You're yeah, but that's like it's what you just added like a post credits
Scare that can't be after the end where you die right? Yeah, and I was the uncle the whole time and then you die of fright
Okay
Okay, then you die of fright. Yeah, that's gotta be and then you don't get up until everybody leaves the party
Yeah, that's also important and what's cool is like on
Different holidays you can use the story to use change different parts of it. Yeah, so like I so like for
You know for around Christmastime you can be like is it so saying it's a hundred years ago
Santa Claus and then something something something and then like be like he's eating fingers and then maybe you don't die
At the end of that story cuz yeah, you become more alive. Let's take a quick break
Travis I would prefer if you left. Oh
Okay, I prefer Griffin and I do these alone. Can I come back after the money zone? Yes
Yes, but I prefer that this money zone just be something for Griffin and I is that okay?
I actually I need to use the rest. I need to use the restroom
So maybe Justin does it alone? Oh Griffin, you guys will be recording this in the future while I'm in the UK
Why do you need to I do need to go to the bathroom that's something you can just say as you
Hold on. Let me hold on. Let me think about this. Hold on. Let me figure this out cuz
We're recording this early because Travis is in the is not in America
I've been right now. He is right now Travis in America. We're recording this
Yes in the but in the episode when the episode comes out, he won't be in America. Sure. I need to pee now
Yeah, just try to calculate. He wants to make sure he's not gonna piss on camera
You can go pee now and then also when you adjust and report the money zone later if you need to pee then you can
Also go pee that that's what I'm saying
To the episode when it comes out and you get to this point the episode this exact point. Hi
Yeah, you can pause your podcast layer and go pee then as well. Yeah, your options are limitless
Yeah, there's no no cause for concern really
But why wouldn't but why when we do that? Oh, we don't have ads. Sometimes they come in a little hot
Huh? Is that what the situation? Yeah
There's that's one way of putting it. I'm gonna flip it on you. We're recording early because we're so responsible. Oh, yeah
Okay, and so I was setting up a thing where you and I will record that
We're gonna do it alone because Travis isn't not in America. This isn't in Ohio. Okay, good
Are you peeing your pants right now? You do have to tell me?
Wow, what a great episode so far that we recorded a hundred years ago. This is Griffin. I'm flying solo for the ads today
Let's see if I still remember how this thing works
Squarespace is the all-in-one platform for building your brand and growing your business online
You stand out with a beautiful website when you use it you engage with that audience of yours when you use it and you can sell
Anything your heart could imagine your products content you create even your time sell your time
Sell it like in the Justin Timberlake movie just in time
Every Squarespace website and online store comes with a suite of integrated features and useful guides that help maximize prominence among search results
So when people you know Google mark Ruffalo
Jim shorts mark Ruffalo and Jim shorts and that's your website's gonna come up
First if that's what it focuses on and you used Squarespace to make it
You can sell pictures of mark Ruffalo and Jim shorts on an online store. Probably actually you can't do that because he
He would probably come after you
He's very litigious and they have powerful blogging tools you can use to share photos of mark Ruffalo wearing whatever he wears
You can categorize share and schedule your post to make your content work for you
we've used Squarespace to make all of our joke websites and some of our real websites and it could not be easier to use and
Easier to make something that looks real good head to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Hey, and as long as I got you here
I want to tell you that today's episode is sponsored by honey the easy way to save while shopping on your iPhone or your computer
We all do an online shop from time to time and it feels so good when you get a little promo code in there
You feel like a treasure hunter you feel like Nicolas Cage in the national treasure movies
And honey is there honey is like the you know
Kind of wisecracking sidekick of Nicolas Cage in those films because honey is gonna help you just like automatically get the best
Promo codes the best coupons that that is out there because it scours the internet for promo codes
And it applies the best one that it finds right to your online cart
When you check out the honey button appears
All you have to do is click the honey button click apply coupons and watch the prices
Dwindle dwindle away honey doesn't just work on desktop either. It works on your iPhone, too
Just activate it on Safari with your phone and save on the go
I have I've been buying some winter wear lately from brands online and
winter wear is it can get kind of pricey I guess because they use more fabric and
I
Clicked the honey button and it found a little coupon code for me. I saved some bucks on it and I I did a celebration
A private a private celebration, please. Don't ask me any questions about it
It was so easy to use though
If you don't already have honey
You can be straight up missing out and by getting it you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this show get honey for free
At join honey.com slash brother. That's join honey.com slash brother. Still got it I'm
Jesse Thorne on the next bullseye our annual Halloween spectacular
We'll interview Anna Fabrega from los espookies Monet exchange drag race and the great RL Stein
Creator of goosebumps, you know, I don't really get too deep into the real fears
It's a lot safer to do a dummy coming to life. That's on the next bullseye for maximum fun.org and NPR
Ten in a little bit of a ton. What? Oh
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't why is his room filling with smog and smoke?
But specifically smog I don't enjoy this haunted. It's like haunted smog and smoke is for just as it's a make-pretend
Oh don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't Little
I've unto munch
squat
I'm gonna put my head up to I've on too much
Wow
Do
welcome to Munch School I've a hood to
Did you see Count Donut Travis did it like you did it? That's wonderful. You're my hero. Welcome
Welcome.
It's a podcast.
Look, when I do it, it's like a,
like a, I'm gonna leave.
Yeah, pretty good.
Do you remember him?
Very funny, Griffin.
You ever watch that?
Thanks.
Aw.
Thanks, Count Donut.
One great Beavis and Butthead reference.
Thanks, I love them.
Welcome to Munch Squad, the podcast within a podcast
that profiles the latest and greatest in brand eating.
My name is Count Donut.
We've established that.
And I'm here to talk to you
about the latest innovations in the donut space.
Before I indulge,
does anyone have anything they'd like to say?
I like your beard.
Sorry, happy birthday.
Thank you, thank you, it's new.
Now that is weird because I thought vampires
don't like age or grow or change or anything.
It's a Rogaine!
I had it transplanted from somewhere else.
Oh.
When you said, it's a Rogaine just now,
it's so fucking weird,
but there's this other dude that comes around sometimes.
I forget his name, it's something like Johnny Stink,
but you sounded like him a little bit.
Can I ask you a question?
I've always wondered, Count Donut, is a vampire?
Yes, let's dig into the lore.
Obviously, as a vampire, you don't age,
and so your hair wouldn't grow, right?
Your body wouldn't make,
so if you get a haircut and you don't like it,
is it just, as you live forever,
your hair cuts just get shorter and shorter
until eventually all vampires shave their head
bellowed like Nosferatu?
No, Travis, the hair is grown,
but fed with blood, so I swallow the blood,
and then my excretions are through my follicles.
His hair.
But then your cells are making more hair,
which means they're aging.
No, I'm directly excreting.
He pushes them out.
Oh, like a Play-Doh fun thing.
Like a Play-Doh fun guy, yes, like a Play-Doh fun guy.
That makes all sense now.
Let's talk about Pink Box.
Like what?
And you ate that last word, Donut.
Let me try again.
Let's talk about Pink Box.
Pink Box?
Pink Box?
Pink Box, it's a frequent.
That can't be.
Yes, it's a donut manufacturer based in the Las Vegas area.
Oh, of course it is.
Ghouls, goblins, and donut lovers alike
can get into this.
I'm glad that they've stopped being stuck in a binary.
Good job, Pink Box.
Well done, Pink Box.
Everybody, yes, can enjoy the spirit of Halloween
with these not so scary, but oh so delicious treats.
Be sure to stop.
Don't waste my time with this, Pink Box.
Scare my pants off with your baked goods, please.
For stop, Dean, if you just want a very long list
of creepy donuts of varying degrees of sanity,
Pink Box has you covered.
Oh, good.
First up is the Vampire, which I said like Bill
from True Blood for reasons that defy explanation.
Vampire, it's a glazed raised ring with vampire teeth toy
and vampire decor.
Where, in the hole?
Where is it?
Did they give the whole, did they give the whole teeth?
And they're not like edible teeth, right?
These are plastic toy teeth.
Please remove them before eating.
I'll have my assistant, Beulah, pull up an image for you.
One moment, Beulah.
Well, this is new canon.
Yeah, I don't know how I feel.
Beulah!
Is this like a familiar situation?
Did she pay you? The donuts!
Yeah, actually, I see a little rat
and it's typing on a keyboard.
I actually love that. I don't know why
she can't make it bigger.
Okay, so we're looking at all the donuts right here.
I'm trying to, oh, okay. Don't skip ahead.
You see the vampire teeth.
Vampire donut.
Next up.
Oh, it does have a little bit more decoration
than just shoving some fake teeth in it.
Yeah, it's not just a glazed donut
with teeth in the hole.
It's adorable.
Vampire pool!
It's a chocolate cake topped with chocolate buttercream
covered with chocolate icing.
Halloween sprinkles and vampire decor
and it looks like human fecal.
Wait, hold on. Did you say vampire?
Human fecal matter!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
The name of the, I thought you said vampire pool.
No, vampire pool.
And not the bear, the black bear.
Isn't it funny how he looks funny, though?
Did you also think he said pool, Travis?
I did.
Vampire pool!
Okay.
Wouldn't vampire poo just be blood?
What it is is, yes.
Oh, no, hair. We've covered.
Wait, hair comes out everywhere.
Not just the top of your head.
Vision pumpkin!
Orange frosted raised shell topped with pumpkin decor.
That one's great.
That's a dead-on pumpkin.
I see that. That looks great.
And you know what?
What's great about that?
Remove the little pumpkin leaf on the top.
You can use that for March Madness.
That's a basketball, baby.
That's a basketball right there.
I want now to continue to draw you through
my tunnel of horrors.
Next up, and Travis, I apologize in advance,
for spider ring!
It's actually very cute.
It is a pretty cute little bag.
It's a purple frosted vanilla cake top
with spider web decor and a spider ring!
Oh, that one.
Yeah, that does nothing for me.
Creepy crawler.
Orange frosted raised ring topped with glazed cake peewees
and spider decor!
That one I like.
That one's pretty cute, too.
I like, actually.
That one is called I See You,
and it's a white frosted dough crow
topped with eyeball decor.
Well, that was fun.
Dough crow, by the way, I believe dough crow.
I believed when they realized crow nut was trademarked.
They took some other scraps of the word.
Because dough salt is also definitely taken.
Dough salt is taken, so they just got in there
and squished it all around.
Like my good friend Frankenstein.
Hey, I just want everyone to know
that I didn't see the real vampire doughnut,
and now I'm back to hating it,
because it is just a glazed doughnut
with teeth in the hole and two googly eyes on top of that.
They can make the teeth whatever color they want.
It still is a screaming doughnut that bites,
that does bite back, and it's miserable.
But I do want Count Doughnut to keep going,
because there's a couple on here
that definitely don't seem connected to Halloween
in any way. No, not at all.
Next up is Boo.
It's a white frosted raised ghost filled with orange-
Snooze, snort, yeah, fine, yeah, we see it, next.
White, I'm going to tell you the description of this one.
White frosted raised shell filled with lemon whip
and topped with Jack Skellington decor.
Now, I mention only this
because the name of this doughnut is Jack Lemon, which-
Ha! Ha!
Which to me is such a strange choice.
Ha! Ha! Ha!
They must have known, it's so specific,
it has to be a reference.
This is the only reason you would choose this name,
is Jack Lemon, who died in 2001.
This is the grumpier old doughnut.
Grumpy old doughnut.
Not even someone I would connect to Halloween.
This man was in a movie with Marilyn Monroe.
You can't name a doughnut that.
So there's no way Pink Box got the rights to Jack Skellington.
They get the rights to Jack Skellington and Jack Lemon
for reasons that defy explanation.
Why is it called Jack Lemon?
Hmm.
The loopy Halloween, orange frosted raised bars
topped with fruit loops and Captain Crunch.
Yeah, that's the one that's just like,
they had some of those-
It looks like a coffin for a clown.
Okay.
Oh, that would have called it the clown coffin.
That would have been something.
But there's 13 doughnuts on here.
Frankie bar.
They did not need that one.
They did not need this mini green frosted raised bar
filled with Frankenstein decor.
Then there's strawberry mummy.
Strawberry frosted raised bar with mummy decor
and the Halloween mummy.
A chocolate frosted raised shovel with cookies and cream
topped with Oreo crumble and mummy decor.
And then lastly, at the end,
there's one called It's Your Birthday.
It's Your Birthday.
It's Your Birthday.
They don't want kids whose birthday it is.
You know, so many kids with Halloween birthdays,
they don't get anything.
They get nothing.
They get no recognition.
They get no attention.
But now Pink Box says, It's Your Birthday.
It's Your Birthday.
That's so good.
That's great.
Thanks, Pink Box.
And thanks to me.
Thanks.
As you know, I can only live for one night a year.
What?
Yes, this is the one day I could walk about the Earth.
And you stayed with us.
And I spent it with you.
What are you gonna do next?
I don't really, I don't pity you
because for you, that time, you don't feel that time.
You know?
It's like seven.
Well, you assume that, Griffin.
Hold on.
You assume that?
You go to sleep midnight 2022, Halloween.
You wake up, you know, 12.01.
I walk the Earth every night trying the donuts
that always cause me to retch immediately afterwards.
And the hair comes out.
Because I cannot tolerate them,
despite my love for them.
But this is the day that I could walk amongst the sunlight.
Yeah.
Oh.
That makes, I understand now.
You should check out an aquarium if you have time.
Yeah, do you know about like human stuff?
Sorry, what is an aquarium?
An aquarium is like a fish prison.
Yeah.
What is, wait, hold on.
A water zoo.
What is a fish?
Oh, well, this is actually really interesting
because there's not a scientific class.
Water kills me.
So I, but like, well, water kills me.
So I have never seen a fish.
Okay.
Now wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Not even like in a book?
Or like when you were alive at some point
before you got turned.
What would I read?
Why would I read?
Why need I read?
But you didn't start off as like this spectral form, right?
You were alive at some point.
I don't know why you're trying to tell Count Donut
things about himself.
I at some point forgot how to read
and I've never thought to relearn.
I have no cause for knowledge.
You don't need that.
I thirst only for blood.
And Donut.
Have you seen a frog?
What?
Sometimes I see a frog.
And other times I have never seen a frog.
But you know what a frog, you know what a frog.
I see them sometimes,
but it seems like there are more that I'm registering.
Hey, Count Donut, just so you know,
that's the universal experience.
There's not a human being on Earth that's seen every frog.
Well, I suspect sometimes they're in water.
So I would have no awareness of that.
Okay, so now we're dealing with a sort of object permanence
when something goes in water.
It's a cruel trick of fate.
I am permanent while the world around me spins chaotically
and continues to evolve.
Well, no, when the frog goes in the water,
it's definitely still there.
It's still there.
Also the Earth rotation is pretty sad.
Hold on, Travis, hold on, Travis.
Don't just say yes.
People feel bad for me
when I have not been on the show for a while,
but truly they should feel bad for you
because this is the one moment you exist
when I am perceiving you.
Oh, I see, oh no.
Whoa.
Right.
Count Donut, what a skewed view.
One thing about me.
Hold on, I'm thinking, yes.
One thing about me is I lack object permanence.
So you do not exist to me when I'm not directly
looking at you.
It's cool that you're aware of that.
Like that's a huge, that's a power in and of itself.
Yes, my wife Drew Barrymore reminds me every morning
when I awaken.
Whoa, wait, what?
Yes, I live on a boat with Drew Barrymore.
So when you say you walk this Earth, try and go there.
Well, I walk onto the pier and then I walk the Earth, yes.
Okay, but every night.
And then you go back to your boat home.
Your boat home, which is about as close to living
in the water as you can get without living in the water.
You've never even looked over the side of your boat home
and seen a fish.
You've never been like, what's that in there?
I thought it was part of the water.
Have you been to Red Lobster?
Red Lobster, I like the red part.
I feel like if I ate crates-
No, come on, this is a land-based restaurant business.
And I know Drew Barrymore goes there.
I know she's, I've seen her at Red Lobster.
Even if you're not eating there,
you would take her because you love her.
Yes, I have, fine, yes.
We can do this, like this if you like.
I have been to Red Lobster.
I do wanna do this.
I have been to Red Lobster.
So have you looked at the menu?
Highly craveable.
Yeah, great, cheddar bay biscuits, we love those.
But like, if you look at the menu-
I am the one who must open the shrimp vortex every year.
They're named English shrimp.
Okay, see, no, that's shrimp.
You just said shrimp.
I just slit my, well, I create.
Yes, they're crispy and broiled shrimp.
The amazing miracle food that comes from the vortex.
Every year during Endless Shrimp,
I must slice open my palm
and let three drops of my blood fall onto the tablet.
Yeah, we know.
And then the Endless Shrimp vortex can open.
It's a merit-
It says it on every menu.
Skip this. We know.
Yeah, skip dialogue, next, we know.
Okay, so the miracle is that this food,
this miraculous food of shrimp,
comes from the vortex, completely prepared.
No.
No discernible source.
No.
No, no, no.
Shrimp lives in water for the most part.
And so they are a type of fish, technically speaking.
They don't look-
I don't want you to look at a shrimp and be like,
that's what a fish looks like.
Because honestly, I would say they are kind of the exception
to the rule.
Most shrimps aren't,
most fish aren't like sort of curvy like that.
Travis?
Yeah?
Oh, you're Travis Griffin.
Yeah.
Oh, are you telling me,
are you telling me they have souls?
If they have souls, then I am surely damned.
There is no god on any plane
that would forgive the number of shrimp
that I have summoned from the vortex
if they possess souls.
Let me comfort you there, Count Donut.
There is no-
There's no fucking way shrimps got souls.
Yeah, there's no way.
They barely, you know,
they're like, the fact that they move
is all that separates them from like a carrot, you know?
You're telling me shrimp don't have souls?
No way.
Then how do they reach shrimp heaven?
Thanks, everybody.
I really appreciate you listening to our podcast.
What?
Whoa, Chad.
My brother and me, it was all building to this.
The prestige is that I turned down my hood
and transformed back into your brother, Justin.
And I hope you had a really instructive time.
Make the mouth hole donut go the fuck away, please.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
It is, there is something about the placement of the eyes
that did make that look like it was screaming, right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What if you don't take the teeth out?
That seems like a big risk, actually.
Anyway, thanks so much for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother, and me.
We hope you're ha-
I hope Travis is having a good time.
Oh, I'm sure I am.
I'm in a castle.
That's my natural habitat.
And I hope that you will come see our shows
if you would like to do that.
Travis, please help.
Yes, so we have rescheduled dates
for our San Jose and Denver shows,
which we're very excited about.
April 27th, San Jose, California,
Adventure Zone with Aabria Iyengar.
Then we have San Jose, My Brother, My Brother, and Me
on April 28th.
My Brother, My Brother, and Me in Denver on April 29th.
So get those tickets.
And if you already have them,
all existing tickets for rescheduled shows
will be honored for the new dates.
Refunds for those unable to attend the new dates
will be available at point of purchase.
So you can go get those tickets soon
to if you want to come to the April shows.
And if you already have, you can just hold on to them.
Sound good?
Great. That's great.
Also, don't forget in November,
we've got shows coming up in Cincinnati, Detroit,
and Washington, DC,
including a Adventure Zone in Washington, DC
with guest DM Brennan Lee Mulligan playing Dadlands 2.0.
Go check out all the great merch over at McElroyMerch.com.
That's all I can think of off the top of my head.
Thank you to Montaigne for the use of our theme song,
My Life Is Better With You.
Montaigne, they are currently on tour now.
Shredding Australia saw a clip of Montaigne
playing our theme song on a stage
and people bouncing to it.
It was very life affirming.
So thank you, thank you for that.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
It's a good time.
We're having a great time over here.
And then that's it for the show.
All right.
Happy Halloween.
Yeah, happy Halloween.
I don't even think my Halloween present to you
is that I'm gonna let you have the final bit
and you just kind of say like an inspirational,
but in this case, it could also be like spooky,
not scary, but spooky.
Okay.
Okay, here it comes.
So, when light,
I had to gin up a whole mummy's maze
Whoa, that wasn't prepared?
No, of course it wasn't fucking prepared, Travis.
Did you not hear that?
Sometimes I use this like tone of voice
that's like, kind of like he's doing his not smart voice.
And that's me like, just sort of trying to buy myself time.
But, and now you guys are having me do an additional thing
at the end of the episode on top of the mummy's maze.
That was like 10 minutes of good content.
So when you guys do this to me,
you're basically saying like, hey Griffin,
we know that you've been doing most of the content
this episode.
Justin, hey Justin was Count Donut for like 25 minutes.
That was good, but I feel like we helped you.
I feel like we helped with Count Donut.
Okay, I want to actually suggest this.
Oh yeah, go ahead.
We should do an impromptu who did the least.
Oh, okay.
At the end of each episode,
we should actually, instead of put it on Griffin every time,
just decide who did the least.
Who did the least.
Well, for my own personal reasons,
which I don't need to go into,
I'm not wild about that idea.
It's not important why.
Okay, I will close it out this time
and just say that you can always go trick or treat,
no matter how old you are,
if you got a costume.
If the people are home or not.
No, you should, but do it all by rules and laws,
but you can always trick or treat.
How successful it will be, I don't know.
But you can always do it,
unless it's like a gated community where the HOA is like,
please, come on, can we not?
But that's my inspirational thing.
You can always trick or treat.
Okay, it's more of an observation.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me,
kiss your dad, square on the lips.
It's better with you, my life, oh, it's better,
it's better with you, my life, oh, it's better,
it's better, it's better with you, this is true, oh, it's better,
it's better, it's better with you, my life, oh, it's better with you.
