The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome back to the jungle of 2017. My brother and me is the podcast,
and I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. And I am the brother that is in the middle,
Travis Patrick McElroy. And I'm your sweet baby brother,
30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy. Gonna try to get that in every episode,
just get it in real fast. Work on your brand.
Practice saying it real fast so it's not a big distraction, 30 under 30 media luminary.
So, it's 20 Serpentine, y'all. We're zagging left and right.
Well, no, but- We are zag nuts over here.
I mean, you can't zag left and right. We are zagging either left or right,
and then the other direction that would technically be a zig.
Incorrect. Incorrect.
Okay. Okay, I see what you're saying. And like, you're getting to the root of it, I think.
Yeah.
We're close there. There's something to what you're saying, because one would be a zig.
But like, I wasn't thinking in sequence, but I guess once you started in a line,
all lefts are zigs, all rights are zags.
But you can't zag every time, because then you're not zagging. You know what I mean?
If you zag, zag, zag, zag, zag, that's nothing. You got to zag, zag, zag, zig. What?
What? What?
Where'd that zig come from?
Oh my god, Travis, are you suggesting that this week, we zig on them?
Maybe we zig, Griffin.
All right. I do want to say that at this point, I have mostly purged my Facebook friends and
Twitter followers and LinkedIn connections and friendster friendos of all non-30 under 30 media
luminaries. But you two have made the cut. You're some of the, we call you standards,
or we call you non-30s. You two are some of the only non-30s that I have on my list.
And following you two on social, it's not as enlightening as the other stuff is,
but I noticed that you've been doing some mad zagging just in this one week where you've been
trying this bold new experiment.
Well, we do have to congratulate, I think, the zag of the week, I think, has to go to Forbes,
honestly. Like, you don't zag much harder than naming Griffin one of the 30 people under 30
in media on a list. I was like, is it like best or most? Is it most?
Most would make sense. Best, I vore Nintendo toys professionally, so I'm not sure how I can go
up against a Jesse Eisenberg, who would also be considered for media, I think,
or a Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who has his own media company.
He's not, wait, he's not 30?
No, definitely not. That dude's like 22 years old.
Damn.
Thank you, Forbes, for the honor. You zagged all of us pretty hard.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt's 35 years old. Thank God.
Don't do this. Oh, thank God.
Shit, we don't Facebook. Keep it.
Thank Jesus.
Travis, your zag, you have, so what I like about you, Travis, is you're working on a zag now,
and you've also got a prospective zag in the future that you want to chase down.
I have four zags.
Oh my God.
I have major zags and minor zags that I have charted throughout the year,
and then I'll probably just surprise myself, zag on myself,
and do stuff that's not in there.
Right now, working on electric guitar.
Yeah, so you started, you've never played an acoustic, right?
Correct.
That's where most folks get their, okay.
Because, because, because.
You want to shred.
I want to shred.
Every time I've ever picked up an instrument ever, if I was not immediately magically good at it,
I then set it down, and it has been dead to me.
Okay.
And, and I sat down with my new electric guitar for an hour the other day, like yesterday,
just practicing moving my fingers up and down the frets.
Like, that was it, for an hour.
I'm committed to becoming good at this long term,
and not just like, I'm going to learn to play three chords and call it a day.
Like, I'm going to fucking shred.
Okay.
This year.
I'm going to learn three chords and call it a day has been working for me on guitar for 15 years.
Well, don't knock it till you tried it, buddy.
Also, I do very much enjoy the rationale of the electric guitar, which is to say,
I don't know how to play this, but I do wish it was louder.
Yeah.
I do wish I could hear better what I was doing so poorly.
And my neighbor, I would love my neighbors to know I'm, I'm just starting out something over here.
This isn't anything.
Everyone's got to check this out.
My baby's going to love this.
Oh, yeah.
What did you tell me?
Run down those other zags though, Trav.
Oh, I don't know how much I want to give away.
I'll do some minor zags.
I've decided to get really into dips.
I'm going to make, I'm going to master guacamole salsa.
Okay, well, that's not, that's not.
Okay.
I'm also going to get a sleeve tattoo.
Yeah, that'll zag me pretty good.
Yes.
Yeah.
Because I was looking, Travis, I was looking over here.
There you are over here, over here on the other side.
Yeah, see, that's the thing.
You're thinking, oh, guacamole.
Yeah, guacamole.
Tattoos.
Can you get tattoos of just a big glistening bowl of guaco?
Perhaps.
I mean, I can.
I don't know if I will.
I'm done with your zags.
Justin, your zag surprised me very much, but I'm very excited by it.
Can you tell-
Yeah, I took a taekwondo class on Wednesday.
Got some gi and everything.
Two classes, one gi, $30.
Walk me through.
Is this going to be a continuing thing or did you just do one and done it?
Oh, no, I'm headed for mastery is where I asked them to put me on the mastery track.
Yeah.
It's the one thing that they said that was attainable.
Two important questions.
One, tell me everything that happened in the class.
Okay.
And number two, because maybe you want to start with number two is why did you choose
this particular discipline of all of the martial arts sort of specializations?
Well, I researched them all very much.
And the one that was five minutes from my house was taekwondo.
That's how Bruce Lee did his thing.
Yeah, that's how Bruce Lee got started.
When I arrived, I said, this is fun.
They told me I should show up and observe a class.
And when I showed up, I said, you know, I was interested in maybe taking a class.
And the lady like disappeared behind the counter and came back with a gi.
And I was like, oh, apparently I'm just taking a taekwondo class today.
This is not what I had anticipated.
And I had just written a strenuous 20 minutes on the stationary bike.
But right before I was not in any sort of headspace to start learning taekwondo.
The other thing that surprised me about the taekwondo class.
Probably the biggest surprise.
Is this how early I started punching?
Like when I was instructed to punch, I kind of looked around like, I don't know how to punch.
I certainly didn't.
You don't think they're going to let you punch day one, right?
No, they didn't say that.
Yeah, you don't show up to med school day one and they're like, all right, cut this dude.
What?
Cut this dude right now.
Wait, so what do they dangle in front of you if they let you punch day one?
You know what I mean?
What's the cliffhanger that brings you back for day two?
I guess punching in a way that would have any sort of effect on anything on earth would be good.
I see, punching with purpose.
So important taekwondo question.
Yeah.
Keep in mind, I've had one class go on.
Has it got belts?
Yeah, it's got belts.
I'm headed.
I feel like, okay, so here's, this is my actual like thing.
I know that a black belt would take a very long time, right?
So I've sort of ruled that out.
That's probably not in my future, but I feel like if I get any color belt, most people don't know
the order in which the belts come, right?
So if I attain a yellow belt and I can tell people like, oh yeah, I'm a yellow belt in taekwondo.
They're not going to know if that's impressive or not.
That's number two.
That's like the second one.
Well, you know that and I know that now after my one taekwondo class.
But yeah, it was, it was, it was actually, you know, here's the surprising thing.
It was very hard.
What would the physicality of punching and kicking for an hour?
That was not great.
That part was a little hard for me.
I've been, I've been trying to think of my own Zag I can do.
Cause you guys are setting a pretty like bonkers precedent over there.
And just by saying this, I'm ruining my, this Zag and I definitely won't be able to do it after
I say it, but how great would it be if my Zag was like, okay, I'm going to do this.
My Zag was that I also took taekwondo classes without telling you guys.
And then at our next live show, Justin and I had to fight each other.
While I, while I accompanied you on electric guitar.
Oh man.
That's a good, that's a good look in that shit.
Damn it.
Maybe I'll edit this out of the podcast.
Justin and I will just like, well, I don't edit the podcast.
Well, no, it's too late.
Everybody knows now that Justin and I are martial arts enemies.
Well, we're, we're the masters of rival dojos.
Damn it.
The, the idea that I would actually come in contact with another person with punches and
kicking while doing taekwondo, while doing my taekwondo art, uh, occurred to me about
15 seconds ago when you said that I had not even prepared myself for the eventuality that
I would someday meet another person who I had to be good, better at punching and kicking than.
Or else you will be punished with, with, with physical harm.
Or they steal my belt, don't they?
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
Steal my belt.
There's only like five black belts around, going around and they sort of cycle, you know?
They sort of cycle in and out.
You gotta beat, you gotta beat a black belt in order to take them down.
Or if you have like a fancy, you know, black tie affair, like a wedding or something coming
up, you can, you can ask them to borrow it because you don't want to clash.
Um, I don't know what to zag as.
I'm taking, I'm taking zag suggestions.
You can't think about it too much as the thing.
I have.
I, I drove past that place and I didn't even plan to take a taekwondo class.
The zag came to me.
Yeah.
I think if you're open to the zag, it'll, it'll come to you.
Um, I did want to, uh, give a, uh, and maybe we'll do a few of these regularly.
Uh, 2017 is the year we're zagging on them.
They think we're going to zag, we zag.
Yeah, zag watch, zag watch.
Yeah, quick zag watch.
I want to give a shout out to, uh, uh, Hallie, um, from, or perhaps Haley.
It's, it's, it's hard to say, uh, uh, on in the Facebook group who has no black
blacksmithing experience, but has decided that, uh, they're going to make several
swords and attempt to sell them at the Bristol Renaissance Fair in Wisconsin, uh,
Wisconsin.
And just to prove it, there's a video of them just like making a sword on what
appears to be a grill.
Maybe it's, well, listen, I will buy that sword.
I will buy a sword from you.
Yeah.
Um, get in contact, tweet at me and let me know how I can pay you to commission.
So I'm going to say, I'm going to commission your 10th sword.
I do not want your first one.
Nobody wants your first.
Fuck that.
I'll take the first one and then I'll frame it.
And then in 20 years when you're a master blacksmith, I'll hand it back to you.
Fucking Bartlett for America style.
Um, that's a good, that's a damn, that's a good zag.
Wow.
Great zag.
It's a really good zag.
Let's go, Griffin.
I have an idea for you.
Let me take your zag to you.
Okay.
Keep in mind that I have like two hours of free time a week.
Yeah.
You should start raising chickens.
Ooh, that would be, well, my cat Defo murdered them.
Defo.
You put them in a thing.
No, he'll, he'll break in like, um, it'll, it'll be bad.
It'll be bad.
Okay.
Ostriches.
Now we're, now we're cooking with gas.
But it's bad gas and it's bad food that we're cooking, but we are, it is being cooked.
I think we should do some questions since we did negative one last episode.
Uh, yeah, let's get into it.
Um, let me decide upfront though, just so people are waiting on it or not.
Um, do we want to update the Fushigi Arts patronage or no?
I haven't seen, I haven't seen anything that really blew my, I blew, blew my, you know,
I saw lots of people buying them.
Um, but I haven't, I haven't really seen, we can't just give it out to everybody.
It's not some, these millennials and their participation trophies is just not going to
happen with this one.
I need to see that fucking, I, it doesn't have to be the best Fushigi I've ever seen,
but I do need to see that fucking spark of life.
I do want to compliment Will Far is the first Fushigi Art video that I've seen on our, uh,
Facebook page.
Okay.
Yeah.
But Will, the music that it's actually set to.
Okay.
But Will, guess what?
There was a drop in the video.
So like, I got to see that spark.
I saw at least one drop in Will's video.
And if I, if I see a drop, that just shows me that there's the sparks just not there
yet.
Will.
I'm just adding him to the Fushigi Arts patronage list.
If you make your own Fushigi Art, it has to be bespoke for us exclusively.
And you can put it on our Facebook page, hashtag Fushigi Art or on Twitter hashtag Fushigi Art,
but do include the hashtag Fushigi Art, or else we'll might, we won't be able to annex
it and find it.
God, this is the dumbest thing we've ever done.
It's dumb.
We're giving away $500, um, in chunks.
Someone offered, emailed us to offer to donate more money to the Fushigi Art space patronage.
And I had this moment.
I had two moments.
The first one was, hell yes, let's build this up.
And then my other one was, oh no, this would snowball very quickly.
Yeah.
I cannot be, I have two full-time jobs.
I cannot be, oversee the world's largest Fushigi Art.
After a certain monetary amount, we would reach the point where anytime anything bad
happened to anyone else in the world, we would feel pretty weird about how we've sort of
channeled our philanthropy, uh, in this one very specific, very useless avenue.
Yeah.
All right.
So we did no questions last week.
So we're going to actually do some this week on our podcast of questions.
I just received a robe as a Christmas gift and my God, how have I been living without
one?
It feels like a blanket is hugging you.
Needless to say, I haven't gotten dressed today.
Is that needless to say?
However, I have a couple of friends coming by to hang out, watch a movie in a short while.
My inclination is to put on real clothes, but then I thought maybe this is fine.
First, is it my place there?
It's my place they're coming to.
It's not like a walk in someone's house and pajamas.
Secondly, this is very much a let's watch a movie and chill and not let's have a serious
conversation about life.
Hang out third.
Maybe I zig when they expect me to zag.
Anyhow, I'll definitely have gone for it by the time you even see this email, but maybe
you'll be able to vibe me for future situations like this pajama party in Portland.
Yo, um, so many variables.
Variables, huh?
Because you're wearing pants under that bad boy, right?
Because if not, you can't entertain folks.
It doesn't seem like that's good to have that happen to them.
It's very robe dependent, isn't it?
I mean, I feel like if you show up in a...
Okay.
If I show up to a party and the host is wearing a silken robe, perhaps one that's heavily
ornamented with some sorts of with embroidery, perhaps.
Like a half there.
Like a full half.
Like a half kind of vibe, but like cool.
So like if they did that, I think I would feel like this is going to pop off.
Like this is going to be ribald to the max.
I don't know that I would feel that way if it was like just like Garfield popping up
from a pocket.
It's like, I hate Monday, so I'm staying in my robe.
And the robe was like had like lots of knits on it.
Oh, shit.
Mustard stains covered in Cheetos.
Just lasagna stains on it to continue the Garfield sort of metaphor.
And also it would have like a big streak of Odie's shit.
It's just despicable.
Yeah, it's just soaked in John's tears.
It's robe dependent, I think.
Well, I think the problem is you run the risk of your friends showing up and you giving
off the vibe of like, I don't want you here.
I wish you weren't here.
Yeah, exactly.
I'd rather just be laying around in my robe like you're really imposing.
You want one that says, welcome to my boudoir.
Like that's what you want.
No, I don't think you want.
No.
Maybe in bright flashing letters.
What the fuck is both of you talking about?
Justin, especially.
This was my main red flag that went up when this question was asked, which is like, you
don't want your friends to think you're trying to get them down into the fucking grotto to
like get to get weird on them.
Especially when you use the phrase, watch a movie and chill.
There are connotations to that these days.
Yeah, for some reason, the millennials have taken that from us and now it means to have
do sex stuff while Orange is the New Black plays in the background.
Not sex.
It doesn't have to be sex stuff.
You just said the boudoir.
What the fuck else does that mean?
I meant to say bungalow.
That's the problem.
Welcome to my bungalow.
Now we're getting somewhere.
Now we're on habitation.
Habitation, I think what I'm saying is, I don't think like sex stuff.
I feel like if I show up in the hostess in a robe and they have like nice slippers, like,
you know what I mean?
Like nice.
Then it's the kind of party where maybe some sorts of drugs that I would have no way of
procuring otherwise might be exchanged and they'd be like in a T and it would be like
so chill, you know, like it's that kind of scene.
When was the last time you went to somebody else's house, Justin, that was not related?
It's been a minute, huh?
It's been a minute.
Here's my advice.
I would say that this is perfectly acceptable on the condition that ahead of time you make
these plans with your friends like, hey, let's have a super chill day where we all like just
hang out in pajamas and robes and like just like watch cartoons or whatever.
Because I think that that's fine.
But if they show up and they're like dressed, you know, like they're going out and hanging
out and doing an event and they show up in urine pajamas and robe, then it's weird.
But if everybody's having like a Saturday morning cartoon hangout, like let's just be
chill, maybe naps will happen and we won't have to like end the party just because I
want to take a nap.
That's fine.
You just have to establish that vibe beforehand.
You also got to be careful what you're signaling, not to other people, but to yourself, right?
Like if you put on a robe, part of the reason that feels so luxurious is the supposition
that you now can't do anything.
Like nothing can be expected of me.
I'm wearing this robe.
Like the world's got to take a backseat.
If you start wearing a robe and then going about your day to day, one, you're going to
lose the power of that connotation.
You're going to think like, oh, I'm wearing a robe.
This is what I do my taxes in.
Like that's not going to be luxurious or pleasant for you at all.
You're going to need an assortment of robes.
You're going to need your tax robe, your laying around robe, your time to make the donuts robe.
So you're suggesting that this person do it sort of in the Japanese style with a formal
kimono and a semi-formal kimono and then one that you wear to funerals.
Yep.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
I can't podcast in sweatpants.
What?
I can't podcast in sweatpants.
I think it's sweatpants is robe adjacent.
I can't podcast.
If you've ever heard me on a podcast, like 99.9% of the time, almost without fail.
Just pants?
Unless my jeans were in the wash, I cannot podcast or do any work in sweatpants.
It's always jeans.
Wearing jeans right now, always jeans.
Can't do it in sweatpants.
That's insane.
My body can't make the connection.
You took that.
You're on that Elizabeth Gilbert tip.
She came to our podcast and told us not to wear sweatpants when we podcast.
And Elizabeth, I'm very sorry.
You are a bastion of great advice, but it's 10 44 AM and I need to do me.
I need to do me, Elizabeth.
I work out of my home.
I have to keep the lines clear.
I have to make those lines clear.
I can't do it.
And I think a robe might be kind of the same thing.
I don't know.
It's definitely the same thing.
This person is a blanket that you wear.
That is not work time stuff.
That's not socialization time for sure.
You don't want.
But what I'm saying is if it is a robe hangout, if that's the event you're like,
I did this with my friends on Christmas.
Like come over.
We're going to watch Christmas movies and hang out in our pajamas and eat Christmas cookies.
Like cool, but not like a, hey, every time we hang out from now on, get used to this robe.
Cause you'll always be seeing it forever.
This is me now.
Here's a good measuring stick.
Imagine you open the door in a t-shirt and jeans and then at about an hour in you leave
the room and return in a robe.
Try to think about the signal that would send because I think that might make it a little
clearer, right?
Like if I said, somebody does that to me, I think, oh, I should, we should go.
This is very passive aggressive, but you, you want us to go.
We should go now.
Um, can I do the Yahoo?
Yes.
It was sent in by Jeffrey Corbello.
Thank you, Jeffrey.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Wilma.
And I just want to give another shout out to the fucking Yahoo ad department because
it's not telling me Melissa McCarthy's dead this time.
Thank you.
It's an advertisement for spam.
And what I'm seeing here boys is just the sweatiest looking bowl of macaroni and cheese
that, uh, has ever been devised on God's green earth.
And there are just these sort of desperate islands of spam floating around in this bowl
and it is maybe the gnarliest thing I've ever seen.
And it also says save $1 on the advertisement and like how much could this possibly cost
me?
I don't want to get all prices righty on me here, but damn, this is a gnarly looking
bowl of food stuff that you have shown me.
It's just a visually challenging website every time I visit it now and I can't wait
for it to die.
Speaking of spam, I just have to say this real quick.
I got an email about a voice changer with effects app that is spam.
And the icon of this fake account is Guy Fieri pointing at me directly.
And the subject line of the spam email is, all caps, this is spam.
Don't judge.
All right.
That's a new game.
Zag.
I clicked through.
You got me on that one.
That's quite a zag.
Oh, I thought of a zag I did this week.
I didn't even bring up.
I watched Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on demand.
It wasn't just on and I just had the TV on.
I sought out the triple D.
You pouted your fist on your sweaty, cheese dust coated fist on the table and said, I
demand to watch Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
It was 3.30 in the morning.
I got on Kayak.com and bought a fucking one-way ticket to Flavortown.
Did you actually do this at 3.30 in the morning?
Yeah.
That's when Henry likes to party with his Uncle Guy.
All right.
It's so cute.
He pulls his sunglasses off his head, but then they just snap directly back on that
cool strap.
Wilma asks, need, oh, and this is in Yahoo!
Products, Yahoo! Mail, sending and receiving messages.
So I think it's time we give back to the community.
Wilma asks, need email that I sent to Gary Spangler.
Need email that I sent to Gary Spangler.
We never do like IT, you know, technology advice here.
Wilma has sent a delicate email to Gary Spangler and we all do this in the heat of passion.
We click that send button and we think, oh, gosh, I shouldn't have clicked that send button
on this Yahoo! Mail service I use.
How do we get this email?
Is it F-P-A-N-G-L-E-R?
Yeah, yeah.
Are you trying to look him up and like, what are you doing?
Like a social hacking where you call him and ask him to delete all his emails?
Don't you worry about it.
Oh, Jesus.
No, I'm worried about it.
Well, okay.
There's a Gary Spangler.
Oh, God, Trav, this is getting, I don't want to do anything to Gary Spangler.
Well, no, but I want to make sure that we are not talking about like an actual person
that might, this might get worse.
You said a full name, Griffin.
You just said a first and last name in this Yahoo! answer.
So what?
There's lots of Gary Spanglers.
We didn't say like Gary Spangler from the Bronx.
Well, this is what's interesting to me, Griffin.
When I Google that name, the first 10 responses are like all the same dude.
Oh, maybe it's Gary Spangler then.
So say we said-
Spangler with an E or Spangler with an A?
A, Spangler with an A.
So say we sent him a delicate email and we are an old person and we just need that email
back very much because there was stuff in there that, in vino veritas, you know, sipping
those mai tais and we got some of that liquid courage and so we sent an email to Gary Spangler,
but we shouldn't have sent the Spangler missive.
How do I retrieve it through Yahoo!'s mail service?
I think if you just email him again with the subject line undo, I think it just does it.
Oh, you have to type the whole email backwards and then send it to him and that will erase it.
You're saying an anti-email.
Fascinating stuff.
I also think you can just respond,
Hey, Gary, sorry about that.
My kid was on the computer.
Have no idea what they sent you.
Anyways, hit me back.
Love, Wilma.
Love, Wilma.
That wasn't me again.
I would never say that to you, Gary.
I hate you.
He can't put that genie back to the bottom.
I mean, sending an opposite email that deletes the other email is not a thing,
but if you send them another email with the exact opposite sentiment,
you zagged on them and they're not going to know which sentiment is the real sentiment.
God, I wish I hadn't sent that fucking email to Gary Spangler.
He won't forgive.
He won't forget he's Gary Spangler.
He's Gary Spangler and his alarm is strong.
He can hold both emails in his mind at one time
and know that I both love him and hate him.
Damn you, Gary Spangler.
Damn your strong alarm.
How do I get this fucking email back from Gary Spangler?
You guys aren't helping me at all.
You can't, Griffin, you can't.
So what you need to do,
you have to bury it in the avalanche of other emails.
Oh my God.
Okay. You just have to start like sending just constant email,
cut and paste passages from Shakespeare.
You know what I mean?
Just send him content after content
until eventually that one email doesn't even register to Gary Spangler
because he's received thousands of emails from you.
Gary Spangler's staying at a nice hotel
and there's something going on in the ballroom,
some sort of conference he doesn't really understand.
So he pokes his head in and says,
hi everybody, my name's Gary Spangler
and I'm just wondering what you're...
And everybody in the room goes like, what?
You're the Gary Spangler?
Because the conference is for porn bot developers
and this man has been made famous through his minis.
Dude, you put my kids through college.
Thank you, Gary Spangler.
What was in this fucking email to Gary Spangler though?
Because now this Wilma's got like eyewitnesses now.
Like now she's got a paper trail
leading back to Gary Spangler.
Oh yeah, and she's claimed the crime too.
You can't erase this from Yahoo.
Forget how do you get it back from Yahoo Mail,
how do you get it back from Yahoo Answers?
Yeah.
Gary Spangler, okay, Gary Spangler is gonna Google himself.
Yeah, definitely.
Gary Spangler's gonna Google himself.
He's gonna see this Wilma.
And then he's gonna come to you.
What was that email, Wilma?
I couldn't find it because my email box,
the inbox is just a blighted wasteland of pornography.
That's how I say that.
You burned my email from the inside out, Wilma.
It's poison inside, it's toxic inside of there, Wilma.
No one ever goes in, no one ever comes out.
I had e-business to do on there.
Just kidding, we're both 96.
It's too bad, Wilma, I've always loved you.
I thought maybe you felt the same.
Maybe if I'd gotten an email from you
that had not been retrieved or buried in pornography.
Damn it.
Damn it, damn it, Wilma, I'm Gary Spangler.
Nobody treats me this way.
I feel like you guys aren't into Gary Spangler
as much as I am.
You've built a rich mythology in your head
that I'm trying desperately to access.
Oh, just jump on the fucking Spang train, baby.
There's room for all of us on here.
We can put all our hopes and dreams into Gary Spangler.
I mean, I believe in him.
That's not the question, right?
Like I believe in Gary Spangler.
The question is, does Gary Spangler believe in me?
Damn it.
Here's another question for you guys, my brothers.
I was recently on a long road trip
and about halfway through I passed a driver
whose car's fuel door was open.
I wanted to figure out some way to let the driver know
without freaking them out and making them think
there was some worse problem with their car,
but I failed to do so before I was out of sight.
What's the best way to quickly let a filler driver know
about a small problem with their car?
Oh, a filler driver.
A filler driver.
Yeah, I don't know about a small problem with your car
without freaking them out.
Thanks for your help.
Terrible Southern driver.
See, I sense the Southern coming.
Yeah.
I try to inject it.
Damn, we gotta all get down on trucker life.
I'm in my Volkswagen Golf.
I wanna get a CB radio and we all need one, don't we?
Just for situations like these.
This is no joke.
One time I saw that I was,
this is when I worked at a place in Charleston
and I was driving back and forth
between Huntington and Charleston every day.
And I saw a car with their fuel door open
and the gas cap fluttering in the wind.
So I called dad at the radio station and said,
hey dad, could you announce on the radio
that if someone's driving to Charleston
in this makeup car, color of car,
that they're casting.
This license plate.
And this motherfucker did it.
Dad did that.
Dad.
That's inappropriate use.
That's narrow casting.
It's a violation of FCC law.
That's no good.
So if you see this, just call my dad
and tell him to announce it on the radio.
That's what I did.
As far as I see it, there are two options.
One, you do a fucking sick ass transporter style.
Oh, you can press a button to pop up in your own fuel door
and then you spin your car 180 degrees
and drive side by side with them
and high five them so that they push each other
back into place.
That's one option.
It's tough to do.
The other option is we all just start rocking CB radios
because you know on Star Trek,
whenever they see another ship, then they hail them.
I want to do that from my golf to somebody's Jetta.
It's Griffin in the golf.
You ever think there's a moment in Star Trek
where they hail another ship
and the other ship is surprised
that their ship could do that?
Like, what is that?
What's that beeping?
That's crazy.
Someone investigate that.
Like, we've been in space.
We haven't seen another ship for like 10 years.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Space.
I have definitely, Griffin, had the exact thought
on like not as a joke,
the exact thought you're describing of like,
you know what?
I'm on this lonesome road with these other cars.
I wish I could just like hail the car
and just like see what's going on.
And then I realized like, I don't do that in life.
This car you call a body.
Exactly.
In my body car that I'm driving with my spirit,
I don't like do that.
Like, I could do that.
Like, I could hail someone at Starbucks
and just say like,
hey, you know what?
We're both at Starbucks was your story.
I don't do that.
But for some reason, if I can like do a Huey
and slam on the brakes
and put them into the Eververse,
I can no longer see or hear them.
Pick this body up at an old junkyard.
She's not the fastest ship in the verse,
but she gets the job done.
There's a lot of love at this hull.
It would be fun to also be able to shut down hailing frequency.
That's the move that I really do want to be able to do,
to be able to open hailing channels,
to be able to discuss with them how things are going.
And then when things go rogue,
just like close frequencies.
Ray Shields.
Ray Shields calms down.
Divert calm power to Shields.
Fire across their bow.
Divert calm power to Shields
and then you just start honking.
What?
Those are my Shields.
Those are my Shields.
Great job.
Great job.
We would need it.
You can't use the great job horn for this.
I mean, we would need a...
What do we have?
We have the great job horn.
We have the fuck you horn.
And then we have the...
We just have the general alert horn.
And this is another problem
that would be fixed by this trihorn system
where if you heard the alert horn,
you would check your fucking car out for all of it
and you would see...
You don't need a horn that's like your gas door is open.
You just need the alert horn.
And if you get tagged with that,
you know to check your shit out.
Pull over and check your shit out
because there's something wrong.
God, Honda, get at me.
Volkswagen.
You are dealing with a lot of stuff right now,
but fucking get at me.
You're still hanging on to Volkswagen, huh?
Yeah.
They're begging to take it back
and you just want to keep killing Earth.
Well, I'll get it fixed.
I'll devise my own system.
I'll put a fucking Brita filter up in there.
I just divested myself of my Beetle on Friday.
Oh, yeah.
And let me say, the lady who took it back
did not seem very jazzed to be there.
Yeah.
Seemed like maybe it's kind of a tough...
Kind of a tough time for them.
To be in that gig.
Well, maybe you shouldn't have sold me a Lycar.
A car full of lies.
Car full of lies.
Thank you for taking it back, though.
I didn't have room for my card seat in it.
It was kind of a bad choice.
I mean, mine's kicky and fun to drive
and it's got a lot of get up and go
and great mileage,
but it's full of fucking lies, so...
That's your problem.
That's your problem now.
Hey, can we go to the money zone?
Yeah, follow me.
I'll show you the way.
You ready for a zag?
I got a zag for you.
The original Chuckle Boys would like to talk to you about investment.
We're all adults now.
Yeah, well, I mean, some of us are...
We're put on a very prestigious list
and I don't want to keep dropping it
like several times per episode,
but the list is prestigious.
And you know it is because I'm pronouncing that word
the correct way now, finally.
Bill Gates, Bill and Melinda Gates came to my house
and said, you've been pronouncing that word wrong
now that you're on that very prestigious list.
That's how you're supposed to say it.
Anyway, they told me Betterment...
Well, I shouldn't say that.
Betterment is what you're gonna have to use
to manage your portfolio
because they just want you to have that good, good money
using a system that is lower cost
than other financial services
and it's easy to use.
Nobody understands investing except for...
I mean, some people do, I guess.
And included in that very small number
is not you, but is Betterment.
It's a better way to invest your money
and it's your money.
You should understand where it's going.
They combined time-tested investing principles
with the transparency and ease of use
you expect from great technology
focusing on lower fees and taxes.
Because if you're paying fees,
it's losing...
You're missing the point.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Like, I've only been investing
since I've been on the prestigious list,
which has not been very, very long.
But I do know that that, fungibly,
just doesn't...
That just doesn't add up.
Now, we do wanna be upfront.
Investing involves risk, right?
There's no...
What?
Yes, there's no guarantee.
I just invested all my...
Great.
But it does involve risk.
But right now, you can get one month managed free
and to find out what you need to do
to qualify for that one month of free management,
just go to Betterment.com slash MBMBAM.
That's Betterment.com slash MBMBAM.
Betterment, investing made better.
I really don't know anything about money.
So a service that helps me out with that
using technology,
it sounds like a pretty great thing to me.
As far as I'm concerned,
this may as well be an advertisement for a wizard school.
Another thing that I don't really know about,
but it would be cool if someone could help me out with it.
I wanna tell everybody about Squarespace.
Websites are getting pretty hot,
and you're probably wondering how everybody's making them,
because it doesn't seem to be a button on your computer
or anything like that.
The secret is Squarespace.
We're supported by Squarespace.
So yes, we're a bit biased,
yes, we're a bit biased, but it's time for you to,
this is a copy here, I didn't make this up.
Make your next move, make your next website.
That's right, it's time to zag.
Even Squarespace knows that you need to make a website
this week that's gonna zag people in a pretty wild way.
These are award-winning templates,
and they're the most beautiful way
to present your ideas online,
and it's an all-in-one platform.
You can make beautiful websites with this platform,
and then there's nothing to install,
you don't patch, you don't upgrade ever,
and it's got award-winning 24-7 customer support.
You should make a website, at least.
I should do this,
because I just went to griffinmacaroy.com,
which I remembered redirects to my Tumblr,
which I have not updated since September,
and one of the top things on there
is a list of Overwatch characters
with Monster Factory names on them,
and so if you see me on the Forbes 30 Under 30,
and you say,
I wanna know more about this young media luminary,
one of the very first things you see at griffinmacaroy.com
is a picture of Soldier 76 from Overwatch
with the name Grandpa Piss on it,
and that's one of my first sort of brand representations.
Need to fix that.
Justin, what website would you make on Squarespace?
Well, I can't fucking do justinmacaroy.com
because Justin Macaroy got it.
I'm sorry, bud.
He's my archenemy.
He works for CBC Vancouver.
People tweet at me at crimes
getting done in Vancouver all the time.
That's cool.
And I try to investigate it myself.
It seems like a pretty good platform
for me to start investigating crime.
You should have invited him out to the Vancouver show.
He could have jumped his ass.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the stage Justin Macaroy,
and I'm just in the back getting blazed.
Yeah, I have a message here,
and it's for Julie Lange.
Wait, did we give the thing, the free trial thing?
Oh, farts.
I hope so, but if not, you can get a free-
Here, let me try again.
No, I'll do it because you fucked up.
You guys didn't even ask me what website I would make,
and I thought of a real humdinger.
All right, Travis, what website would you make?
I would make a website about my conspiracy theory
that Chuck the Show is a reboot of the Computer War 10 issues,
and I would call all of my readers
chuckolds.
So if you want to get a free trial
and 10% off your first purchase,
you can visit squarespace.com slash my brother.
Don't be a chuckold about it.
I have a message here for Julie Lange,
and it's from Charlie Lange, who says,
Hi, Mom.
Hope you're having fun while I'm off at college.
I know Dad won't listen to Blather with you,
but I'm still your podcast buddy,
even if I'm half a country away.
Also, sorry to Travis for that dinner invitation in June,
but Ma dared me, and I'm way too easily bribed.
Hope this message makes up for it, Ma.
Firm handshake.
Love, your pumpkin.
And that's very sweet, and it's supposed to go up in January.
So what's up now, Charlie and Julie?
We crushed it.
Travis, do you remember this din-din invitation?
I do.
I believe they tweeted at me or emailed me
to let me know that they were in Los Angeles
while I was still there and offered to take me out.
And I didn't do that,
and I don't want the Lange to take it personally.
No.
I don't like interacting with humans in that way.
No.
I mean, one out of every hundred people on Twitter
will just be a skin taker, and it's not you.
I know it's not you, Charlie,
but if there was a 1% chance, would you throw it all away?
Would you have the courage?
I don't think so.
If you have one shot but not have your skin taken,
would you take it?
Well, I have a personal message too,
as long as we're throwing these around.
Yeah, sure.
It's for Brandon Mueller, 2004.
And it's from BB Bearded Bro Rye Rye.
Yeah.
Rye Rye.
Hi, Brandon.
I love you.
Hope you grow up big and stretch your arm strong.
If you ever get the time,
you should play some MechWar online with me,
roleplay servers only,
and by the time this comes out,
I'll be most likely living in the woods again
without high bandwidth internet,
so I might need help.
Come find me.
P.S.
See you in hell.
Winky face.
Is this actually-
And the preferred time frame is night, afternoon, time.
Which is my favorite part of the whole thing.
Is this...
Okay.
Was this email supposed to be sent through time channels
to actually land in 2004?
Okay.
Cool, cool, cool.
Regardless, we were paid for it,
so I could care less, honestly.
My job here is done.
Yeah.
It might also have been generated by some kind of bot
that just collected every 10th word it saw on Twitter
and strung it into some kind of message.
That makes a lot of sense to me.
Yeah, that tracks.
Hey, I have one Yahoo here,
and it's from Morgan Navy. Keep it waving, Morgan Navy.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sting has come to save Yahoo Answers.
And look at that.
The profile picture is the wrestler Sting
with his fun makeup.
Sting, the wrestler, asks,
is there any way to take a good mug shot?
I know it's never a good thing to get arrested,
but it happens, right?
Nah.
So what would your attitude be like going in for your mug shot?
Would you just try to make the best of it
and take a good pic or still be sad?
Nobody wants to get arrested, but everyone does.
Not as much true that sentiment.
The secret to a good one,
I've seen a lot of celeb mug shots,
and I think the secret is you got to have a facial expression
that says, I bet I'm famous by now,
because otherwise it won't happen for you.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like, that's sort of like the secret.
Like, take the mug shot that you feel like expresses
the life that you want to have,
not the one that you do have currently.
An aspirational mug shot,
which should be a great compliment to the domain
I do own, sexymugshots.com.
Every time I press S on my keyboard
while Google Chrome is open,
it autofills to that,
and I keep reminding myself it is a domain that you,
a madman, owns and not some weird fetish I got into.
Like, three years ago that Google Chrome remembers.
If you want to see our YouTube videos,
the most recent one came out seven months ago.
Sorry.
Oops.
We should probably do better at that.
Yeah.
Because sexymugshots.com is the only URL you need.
I love your idea about aspirational superstar mug shots, though,
because I would go with the Tim Allen sort of rugged,
true grit ass cowboy man mug shot.
Mm-hmm.
You see that, and you think like,
this guy's A, gonna be a home improvement star,
and also handsome as just all get out.
I'm looking at it now,
and this is the most handsome Tim Allen has ever, ever looked.
There's also the handsome mug shot guy who happened last year,
and now he's been released from prison,
and now he has like a Bugatti or something.
People are just like crazy about this guy and his handsome face.
So I think there's a lot of opportunities there.
You know, if it were me,
what I would do when I had a mug shot taken,
is try to like screw my face up into like a weird face,
and like mess my hair all up,
and like mess my beard all up,
and try to look as unrecognizable as possible in my mug shot.
And then as soon as the mug shot was taken,
I'd like shave my beard,
and like get my hair cut short,
and like bleach it blonde,
and maybe like, you know,
wipe off that fake face tattoo I had,
that kind of thing.
Because then the next time someone saw my mug shot,
they're like, oh, that's not me.
Hmm.
That's a really great,
that's actually not a bad,
they wouldn't let you do that,
but it's like-
Yes, like a good idea.
It's a good idea.
They explicitly wouldn't let you do that.
Maybe that's why Tim Allen shaved off
that Jeff Bridges true gray ass cowboy mustache
that he had in the sexy picture.
Do you guys think that,
do you guys have it in your area,
the magazine that they sell at the gas station?
Oh yes, oh yes.
Okay, so this is like a common thing everywhere, right?
It's not just here in Huntington.
The mug shot magazine?
If I could fit it, like what I was,
I'm talking about the magazine they sell at the gas station
that has pictures of everybody's mug shots
that are just like,
someone realized that that was a free renewable resource,
and they decided to bring that hot property.
Not sure what the market is there.
Like I would love to see some down on their luck people
who made some pretty bad mistakes.
I would love to see just sort of a cattle,
a yearbook of them, of sad thing, of sad stuff.
I would say, I have an idea.
I have an idea.
Guys, what if we combined mug shots
and Instagram filters or Snapchat filters?
What do you mean?
You know what I mean?
So like you took your mug shot
and then like a rainbow was coming out of your mouth.
What?
I mean, that's fun.
Don't get me wrong, it's super fun.
You know what I would do if I was getting my mug shot taken?
What?
I would stand there and do exactly
what the arresting officer told me to do,
and I would be respectful
and sort of acknowledge that I had done a crime
and got caught at doing the crime.
And so like I lost the game of law,
and so I have to sort of deal with the consequences of it.
I wouldn't act like an asshole
and do some fun like goofy stuff.
I would stand there and I would be very like compliant.
And then you'd say, and now let's do a funny one.
Yeah, or you know what I would do
when I got my mug shot taken is not get arrested
because I'm like a really good boy
who doesn't do illegal things.
So that's the real secret to a good mug shot
is don't be in a position to have one taken at all.
The best mug shot is the ones you don't take.
That's true.
You miss a hundred percent of the mug shots you don't take.
I work at a craft brewery in Vancouver
because I'm a cool boy.
We have a regular customer who stops by every few weeks.
Each time he visits, he has a new first date.
All dates look very similar.
He either has a type or he's a murderer.
They are all brunette and slightly taller than him.
Here's the kicker.
Every time he comes in,
he pretends that he has never been to the brewery before
and says things like,
ooh, what's good and what should we get?
I don't know much about this craft beer scene.
I see this man more than I see my parents.
Oh, man, this stinks.
This stinks.
My question is, do I confirm on his next date?
Do I let the illusion continue?
Additional info.
Every time he gets a flight of beer
and they've described here four or five ounce beers,
they share it and he rarely gets another beer.
They share it and he rarely gets another beer,
only if the date is going super well.
Also, not the best tipper.
That's from slinging beers to,
quote, strangers in Vancouver, Canada.
I have an idea.
Oh, man.
Have you really?
Let me say this, Travis.
Have you really thought this through?
Have you really?
There was a lot to absorb.
I have.
Go with me here.
I think you will both enjoy this.
Travis, you have to Groundhog's Day this man.
He's gonna come in and you're gonna go,
Steven?
No, man.
He's gonna kind of like make big eyes
and you're gonna say,
I haven't seen you since high school
and you are going to spout all these facts about him
that you know from him coming in
and that he knows you know from him coming in
and see how long he can keep up the illusion
that you're old buddies from your high school days
in front of his date.
Oh my God, that's actually kind of good.
I mean, they won't do it.
They won't.
Because that's insane.
But this is pretty good.
They go on a bunch of first dates
and it doesn't, you know,
they're unlucky in love or whatever.
Vancouver is a big city.
You know, there's probably a big dating scene there.
Big Tinder game up there.
That's fine.
Whatever.
But that combined with the pretending
you've never been to this place
that you take all of your first dates to
is, it's beyond.
It's a whole nother level.
Why would you do this?
What's the advantage of doing this?
If you're taking a first date somewhere,
you want it to be like a place
that you know is cool, right?
This sounds like a hip cool place,
hip cool craft brewery.
So you want to take your first date there
and be like, I know this cool craft brewery
that I go to sometimes.
Why the fuck would you pretend
that you haven't been there before?
Unless you're trying to like
do a really, really unsavory zag.
This is no bueno.
I mean, I did one summer
take like five or six different dates
to go see Pirates of the Caribbean,
the first one.
And each time I can pretend
like I haven't seen the movie yet.
Well, I really love the movie, Griffin.
And I wanted more excuses to go.
Sorry, did you say you want to,
you pretended like you hadn't seen it?
Well, that would be weird if I was like,
hey, date number three,
do you want to go see this movie?
I've already seen four times.
So when fucking-
Because she might say no.
So fucking Barbosa stabs Jack
at the end of it and you're like,
oh, you have to pretend like,
oh no, he's dead.
But then he has that coin
and you're like, I knew he wasn't dead.
Before the movie starts,
there's a lot of,
boy, this is quite a character
who is Johnny Depp is making.
I don't know if he's going to be able to
keep it together for a whole movie.
And then at the end,
you have to be like,
wow, he really did pull it off.
He really stuck the landing.
And you know what?
I love this movie.
You have a moment that marked
at like 90 minutes where you go,
wait a minute.
This reminds me of Keith Richards.
Wait, is this based on a ride?
And did you say that before?
Like, I really love the ride.
I hope there's a lot of references to it.
Pirates?
Novel.
What is it?
Some kind of adventures on the high seas?
What are these ocean thieves?
Are these like sky pirates who went on water?
Who are these sea burglars?
The one that's hardest to commit to
is every time you see Karen Knightley
you have to say,
is that Robin Wright Penn?
She looks fantastic.
Hey, hey, does anybody know?
Is that Robin Wright Penn?
Oh, Legolas is in this one.
I loved him in Elizabeth Town.
Travis, that's also not,
why did you do that?
Why didn't you say-
I was 18 and I just really loved
Pirates of the Caribbean, Griffin.
I'm not gonna sit here
and make excuses to you, huh?
Like you're perfect.
I'm just saying you could just say like,
let's go see Pirates of the Caribbean.
I've already seen it and it's really great
and I think you're gonna like it.
I saw it nine times in theaters.
At what point do I not have to like keep up?
At what point are you forcibly removed
from the podcast when we find a new host?
Cause that's the-
That's a good question that I'd love to answer right now.
It was a very good movie.
I was 18.
There weren't a lot of good movies on that summer.
Not a lot of good movies
before Pirates of the Caribbean.
Dang.
Not that summer.
No, it was just,
I loved that movie a lot, you guys.
And it's not like I stayed with it for the whole series.
I didn't see the rest of them nine times in theaters.
Just that one.
Just Pirates of the Caribbean.
And I would say only like six of that was like,
I desperately want to see the other like three
was like our family went once
and then like friends wanted to go.
I'm just saying I have very good reason
for seeing Pirates of the Caribbean
nine times in theaters, okay?
Miserable piece of shit.
Let's take it to the leaderboard, Mo.
Let's see.
Finding Nemo.
Yes.
Matrix Reloaded.
Bruce Almighty.
X2.
Terminator 3.
He's actually got a really good point.
All these movies kind of blow,
except for Finding Nemo.
Bad Boys 2.
Oh, that's a good one.
Okay.
Too Fast, Too Furious,
you miserable piece of shit.
The Italian Job.
Mystic fucking River.
Sea Biscuit.
That's not a good date movie.
That's like a date movie.
Kangaroo fucking Jack.
Charlie's Angels Full Throttle.
Lot of sequels, huh?
Lot of sequels that year.
Lot of sequels and remakes, huh?
Spy Kids 3D.
June 20th from Justin 2 Kelly.
Ang Lee's Hulk.
Wow, what a bad summer.
Holy shit, Travis.
You were not kidding.
Thank you.
Is Parts of the Caribbean actually a good movie
or did it just come out like-
On the same day as the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
Great question, Justin.
Is it a good movie or did it just come out
at the same time as Johnny English?
A great question, Justin.
Salient grain.
Was it actually great?
And did it come out two weeks before
Lara Croft Tomb Raider The Cradle of Life?
It's hard to say what is the truth here
and what is fake.
Oh, man.
Tough to say.
When contrasted from the bright light
of The Secret Lives of Dentists,
it's really tough.
Okay, I get what you're saying.
I get it.
Folks, that's gonna do it for our podcast.
Oh, oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
You put this fucking person on blast
the next time you come in.
Jerry, you come in here every week.
Stop it.
Stop this.
Stop it.
Stop this behavior.
Maybe he's like, oh,
maybe he's one of like septuplets.
That's no, no, Trav.
Maybe he's got blank slate disease.
Maybe he's got the clean slate, maybe.
Uh, all right.
Let's end the show.
But call like a police officer
or a private detective
or like a bodyguard or drill bit
tailor type figure
in here to do this conversation.
You are not gonna wanna do this confrontation.
Get a drill bit tailored and do it for you.
Also, summer of 2003, great flick.
Drill bit tailor, thank you.
Anyway, that's gonna do it for our podcast.
My brother, my brother and me.
Sorry, I, on a wild hair
cause I was looking through my domains
a little bit ago.
I clicked through to which one vapes
cause I was curious where the lead board was at.
Not a lot of big surprises.
Dane Cook, Johnny Depp, Jared Leto,
Kid Rock, Russell Brand, Macklemore.
They're top six.
Highest rating woman, Miley Cyrus
coming in at number eight.
I was like, yeah, all right.
Yeah, I really do like those.
If you click through the leaderboards now
at the bottom of the leaderboard,
there's a new segment called Confirm Vapors.
And it just says John Cusack
and then underneath his name says,
Cannot Hide.
What a good website.
It's like, there it is.
This one's out.
We can't vote on this one now.
Yeah, all right.
This one's out.
So anyway, that's our show.
My brother, my brother and me.
We hope you have enjoyed it thoroughly
and you had fun listening to it
and I hope you're gonna have some good zags this week.
Got some good ones planned.
Don't sleep on this year.
We've slept on every other year's motto.
This one is too fun not to do.
Zag on them.
Zag on them.
I would like to do a quick plug.
A new show has just been added to the Max Fun Network,
the network of which we are a part.
And it is my favorite podcast in the world.
It's hosted by a media luminary and his wife.
And it's called Rose Buddies.
And it stars, let me check my notes,
Griffin McElroy and Rachel McElroy.
They talk about The Bachelor, The Bachelorette,
Bachelor in Paradise and other like reality love shows.
And it is no joke, my favorite podcast in the world.
Even if you don't care about any of those properties
and you might even be disgusted by them,
I would say that the quality of the show
and the fact that it is the funniest show around
kind of negates the need to actually watch
the source material to enjoy the show.
You should check it out, Rose Buddies on maximumfun.org
and also on iTunes.
Check it out, you're gonna love it.
Thank you, Travie.
That was very sweet of you.
You're welcome.
Be careful, it might actually lead to you
watching The Bachelor though.
Oh, and it's brain poison.
That did happen to me.
Yeah, there's lots of other great shows on the network
though like Schmanners, which Travis does with his wife,
Teresa, that is so good.
And Sawbones, which Justin does with Sydney,
that is also so good.
And a bunch of other shows that we don't do
like Jordan and Jessie, go and stop podcasting yourself
and throwing shade in the flop house.
Speaking of Jordan and Jessie, go.
Oh, yeah.
This weekend at Sketchfest, I am going to be doing
Jordan and Jessie, go at 1 p.m. on Saturday.
Come see that, you can still get tickets for it.
You know, just search Sketchfest Jordan and Jessie, go,
I guess.
And they also, they just celebrated their 10-year
anniversary of doing the show, which is bananas
and congratulations, Jordan and Jessie.
That show was like super formative for us.
Like we were big fans of that.
And that's sort of how we got involved with the network.
And so we wouldn't be here on MaxFun
if it hadn't been for Jordan and Jessie, go.
So it's a great show.
Congratulations, guys.
And here's to 10 more.
10 more good ones.
Also on Saturday at Sketchfest at 4.30,
I'm going to be doing Obsessed with Joseph Scrimshaw,
talking about video games with Rebecca Watson.
So that is also happening this Saturday,
Saturday the 14th at San Francisco Sketchfest.
I'll see you there.
I wanted to give a quick plug to a podcast
I haven't talked about in a long time,
but it's continued to grow.
It's not MaxFun Show, but it's called Quarter Pointed,
featuring my father-in-law, Tommy Smurl and Mike Meadows,
who I guess is my cousin.
It's hard to, you know, it gets confusing.
But Mike's a lawyer and they do a show
that educates you in law.
I mainly wanted to highlight it this week
because all of their episode titles
are always something vs. something else,
and they're always a delight.
But this week's episode is called Rasputin vs. JonBenet,
and you really can't beat that for an episode title.
Yeah, it's-
Probably ever.
I am gripped.
Yeah, I mean, you're on the edge of your seat.
Sure.
And it's the beginning of season two of Quarter Pointed,
which is a good idea.
We should have done seasons.
Damn it.
But anyway, Quarter Pointed is the name of the podcast.
And thanks to John Rodger and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song instead of departure
off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You've got it at this point, I'm sure.
But if not, pick it up and tell your friends to pick it up.
And it's really, really a fantastic album,
and I think you're gonna like it a lot.
Should we tie one off?
Is that anything?
No.
I don't know.
I think it's something.
I'd like to read the last question.
It was sent in by Nicholas Potter.
Thank you, Nicholas.
This is by Yahoo Answers user Sharon S, who asks,
when is the best time to have a root beer float?
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm mediailluminary3030, your girl from McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother, and me.
Cause your dad's square on the lips.
Hi, this is Griffin McElroy.
Hi, this is Rachel McElroy.
And we're the host of Rose Buddies.
It's a podcast about the Bachelor family of products.
We watch The Bachelor, The Bachelorette,
and Bachelor in Paradise.
Yes, it is garbage television, but we're the king and queen
of this garbage pile, we're the raccoons in charge around here.
So join us on Tuesdays.
Because the TV show's on Mondays.
And basically we'll recap what we saw,
and we'll just sort of scoop the garbage around us
and make a little fort out of it.
No viewing required.
But it's a good TV show.
What are you doing?
Maximumfun.org
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
