The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me and it's an advice show for the margin era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy. Yep. I'm your sweet, baby, brother
Okay
Now that we finally hit the year and we've actually in a year about a dog with no bones
We really fucking nailed it and I dare I go forget. Okay, that's okay, but you can never say it again that era
Yeah, so I was listening to and listen, I don't want to promote
On another podcast because as everyone knows all comp podcasts are competing all the time. That's right. We'll call it
Schmid schmize on yeah, shmed gum with Schmoner
Schmattliff, right?
That is actually inscrutable
Yeah, even if somebody who knows what you're talking about. Yeah, it's the podcast dead eyes
And there was an episode where they talked about like child actors, right who had played younger versions of Tom Hanks
Oh, and it got me thinking that a lot of people talk about like if they made a movie about your life who would play you
And people always think about like younger actors or like actors their same age, but I want to ask you guys because I think
The next move the next big step in like biopic or biopic
Movies used to make movies about people who are still alive
But what we think they're gonna do when they get older, right? So kind of a future
You should know nonfiction. Yes
And so who would you want to play you as an older like if they made a movie about you right now?
Yeah, like 75 looking about all the awesome shit you did in the next like 40 years, right?
Who were irritated by the fact that this has come like it's actually a pretty good idea. Hey, thank you
It's like just but I don't think it I always get like I feel like there's a level of idea
That's like podcast good. You know what I mean? Where it's like we can just kind of dump it out here
Moving car. Yeah, I mean it's gotta be Kirk Cameron Wow
Controversial pit Griffin. I don't know. No, I don't like the guy. Oh, yeah, I find I find love them. I love it
It's so funny. Yeah, you look at it and you're like, yeah, sure Griffin. He was funny and growing pains
It's like no this dude says
Really funny shit all the time. Yeah, he's Andy Kaufman level s committed to this weird character. He's been playing so into it
Even his even his sister Candace Karen's like anyway, you guys know my dumb shit, bro
She's also kind of in on the joke though, huh a little bit
She's a little bit see I was thinking for me and maybe this is just wishful thinking
But I really think he and I share the same energy
I'm just gonna say Brian Cox because I think when you see Brian Cox you think like that's an old Travis McElroy
but like I said, maybe that's wishful thinking and and
It's probably not that is that no, it's probably no
Fishers might be a good Travis. Here's the thing with this Travis is I could say literally anything
I could say literally anyone because who the fuck knows what I'm gonna get up to in 40 years
Well, but at this point Griffin, I mean you're what you're 34 at this point
Yeah
And so I think you have you can look at yourself at like 12 and see the progression of 22 years
So I think you could right now say like I think at 56
We've aged your baby to an adult and this is what we think he'll look like kind of thing
You know what? I mean? Yeah, so I think you can probably extrapolate where you're gonna be. Um
No, I don't think so, but I think her camera is a good start
Okay, bold a bold choice
Justin
hmm a
Justin McElroy type I'm trying to figure out who's got like the heat Justin McElroy
Energy, you know, yeah
Who's like my like it's sort of like I mean
Who's like got a Justin like who's got like a genuine
Like I feel everybody's saying Dev Patel. Yeah, I could Justin McElroy
Energy that the I'm not sure
sexuality handsomeness
Tell sir like
Sort of like a Dev Patel
I mean, there is one problem Justin. I'm not sure he's older than you
I think that's the one issue that I'm having with that passing Travis. He is an actor
So
Now Justin
Like body. Yeah, like more of a
Camille body with like a Dev Patel face. Yeah
Sexuality and chemistry and like a handsomeness and stuff and now Justin I'm just gonna throw this out
This is a bit of a different
Direction than Dev Patel, but you know if we could get Streep that almost guarantees an Oscar
You know what? I mean get that Oscar buzz going if we could get Streep
Yeah
It would be great if what a challenge for her. I know what a yeah, what a departure, you know
Street if you want to do something that's gonna get people talking, you know, yeah
Yeah, because you'll have to really dig deep to find the charisma within her to match your energy, right?
Well, yeah
Dev Patel level energy and sexuality with us do like what was that? Um, what was the
Bob Dylan movie where like they hadn't multiple actors play him we could do
Wonder Emporium exactly the magical boat of dr. Parnassus exactly
Very exact kind of thing because it's just called Dr. Who?
No, I think it's called the sky captain in the world of tomorrow
But I think we could get because I would like to see I here's here's the lineup
I think you go Glenn Close then you go Streep
Then you go Glenn Close and Streep together like true west and how you like trade it off and then you go a Dev Patel
And then you're gonna bring it back
Like who's a hot child star right now, you know, we're gonna have like a way
Yeah, Nicky
Yeah, Nicky in there. Maybe a Timmy Timothée Chalamet
We get all of them in and they yeah, but here's the thing they're all talking to each other
It's all just it's oops. I'll just it's all Justin's that's cool. That's cool
What would be really cool is if in 40 years the thing Justin's best known for is not these podcasts
but that like I don't know he invents a
Hat that smells good. So when you come out of the bathroom, you don't have a bathroom smell behind you
You were you were like your good-smelling bathroom hat and then you get Glenn Close out there like it's my bathroom hat
Yeah, like is that actually Justin or I'm confused. Is this one of those CGI things?
What what is hard is like the best chance I have of being depicted in the film at this point. Yeah
Is if somebody does a berries and cream movie?
Okay, that's my best shot to get into a movie
I feel like I just a macro character into a movie like
Okay. See for me. I think the best hope of getting a Travis macro biopic is probably some kind of
whimsical but definitely still like fairly serious crime spree where it's just like
Where people are trying to understand like where it all went wrong kind of thing
But also I have a certain charisma much like you know that movie where it would they were Robin Banks
But everybody seemed to like him a lot, you know that one. Oh sure sure. Yeah with that jazz
Bruno yeah. Yeah, I would I
Feel like there's also a decent chance. I might be very briefly depicted in if they did rocket boys again
yeah, the West Virginia guys that did Rockets if they didn't run boys again and
At the end they wanted to be like and there's still people in West Virginia today. It was just like me going. Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm here, too
there's actually a very good chance, you know in that there will be a
biopic of like Lynn that we might be depicted in and if that happens and
Lynn you're like you have any voice in it, please make sure it's just three really ripped dudes
fully jacked
Like six foot eight like hunks, you know what I mean?
Right because you want it to be accurate
Hunky hunky guys, we're three hunky guys and we do a podcast together. What kind of podcast you ask?
Well, it's weird that you just started listening sight unseen, but like hey good. Appreciate it
Maybe it was just on maybe somebody's sitting in the tired disc counters like waiting room right now
It's playing
From the view to our podcast. Yeah, it's streaming to their television or something. Well device. It's an advice shit
Why isn't there a podcast channel? Come on
Come on
There's lots of channels, you know, yeah, right almost too many sometimes it's scrolling through there and I'm like, what's what's all this?
There's like eight a trio's, you know the chills. I like on TV
I don't have them anywhere. I don't think or at least I is a music choice
Oh, I like that. There's it where your TV's like I could play music
It's like I know yeah, can you can you play whatever song I want? Oh, no, I can come match up
I don't want to feel like some Weather Channel jazz. Yeah. Yeah, actually I do
But without all the trouble of the weather being there also. Yeah
I
Work for the u.s. Snowboard team. Hell, yeah
My role in short is to use wax to make the boards go fast like in Christmas vacation
Oh for sure. So you know the main way. Yes is a non-nutrient varnish. Yeah
My job is inherently nerdy and I'm sounds cool to me
If that's if that's nerdy then I'm I'm a hundred I'm a thousand percent that minkus. Yeah, I just got a
My job is inherently nerdy and I am spending time with a lot of rad athletes who do rad stunts
I don't like dangerous stunts. How do we come rad? That's from Paul and st. Paul. Well, that's a good hook
Yeah, yeah, right there. I think when I first read this question what hit me Paul if I may I think that you have one a
Fundamental misunderstanding of what is rad. Yeah, but your view has been skewed
Yes, but you got too close like Icarus, you know
I mean like you got too close to to true coolness and you've kind of lost perspective a little bit, right?
Yeah, right, right, right, right, right, right
Like this is like I bet that there are top level like high school varsity baseball players that like look at
You know people in the MLB and they're like, I'll never be that
Well here I am looking at you varsity player thinking I'll never be that so don't you worry about it?
But I I also think Paul well, you have to understand is these snowboarders. This is their day-to-day, right?
They're they're so used to doing dangerous stunts and seeing other people do dangerous stunts
I don't think that counts as rad to them anymore
But when you start talking about this cool board wax that you use and how the science works on it
that's what's gonna blow them away they then that's what's going to be impressive to them or
You're gonna have to get good at rad stunts. It's one of those two. I don't you don't want to do that
Um, that's not rad to them. What you know, I mean, you know
If I could suggest one quick thing, you should start going by st. Paul. That's pretty good. That's cool, right?
It is your name's Paul just start getting people to call you st
But now that I'm cool that might be misleading though Justin for people who first meet st. Paul
But it might be like it's like a shit. It's sticky. I want to know everything about this
Yeah, yeah for sure. Who is it? Yeah, but what if they're really a saint?
What if they get sainted later because of like?
This is easy. This is easy st. St. Paul. Um, I think in high school, you know who was cool
Not not me, but follow me. Okay, all that all the athletes
Who is second coolest?
You know kids not the equipment fuck. No, not the equipment manager. I kind of said it with my fingers crossed
I was really hoping
But it was the kid at the lunch table who would eat anything you can put in this cup for $1
Right, and so it's just sometimes while you're waxing their boards and they're like definitely micromanaging like did you wax the middle?
You just scoop some of that wax up and you just take a big bite out of it
No, like hold what the holy shit. Did you just eat some of that wax and it's like yeah, I did
Why do you think I'm so good at this me and the wax or one and they're like, whoa, have you talked to st. Paul?
He eats board wax. You gotta see that
When you said the sentence have you talked to st. Paul he eats board wax
Did you realize that you had absolutely deep six this human being like you have absolutely lowered their stock
I don't think no, no, no, cuz then there that kid eats that kid eats paste that kid eats board wax. They are too
Awesome, and they started calling themselves st. Paul, right? That's actually that me. Is that because of all the board wax they've been eating?
Yeah a little bit
By the way, I never saw anybody eat paste my entire, you know school career
But if I did I would want to know more about that person because that's a yes
Griffin, but not I think once again, you are only thinking about the interest but not
perhaps the
Kind of interest you would be a really quick like hey, I'm this you're eating pace. Yeah, I'm kind of pervert
Yeah, I don't think that you would have a moment of like I'm interested in this kid on a really deep spiritual level
It doesn't have to be interested in a spiritual. We're just trying to be cool and come
Yeah, mysterious, but not eating. I feel like eating things. You're not supposed to eat is not it's really like cool
It's not cool. Unless you like unless one thing that I try to jump
You can't write hop skip and jump over and unless like that unless
Unless when I was in middle school in high school more high school
I think for like a year or so. I tried to be cool by having a habit of
Keeping a thumbtack in my mouth. Remember this, huh? Yeah
I do I did. I would like have a thumbtack in my mouth like the pointy side out, right?
I would have like chew on the plastic in and that's that's bonkers juicer
Yeah, I wish I hadn't said it now at least it's just between us three
Yeah, it's just like it was a I don't mind to be open about the ways in which I tried and failed
To look cool, to be cool, look cool, be cool, seem cool, sound cool, act cool
My any of it really yeah, cuz it worked out, you know, yeah inspirationally sure
I really really killed the mode there
revelation, I'm sorry. It's weird now as an adult to retroactively be really worried about my teenage or older brother
Like that. I wish I could go back in time and just say like hey, bud
You're cool enough. I'm trying to own myself as a holistic person. You know, I mean, I don't need to be that's not a different me
That's the same me that got us all here. Oh, that's weird
They let drive my kids around. Yeah in a vehicle, you know
It is fun. I think that you should be able to like when you're like, I don't know filling out your taxes or whatever
There should be a spot where it's just like you list all the actual dumb decisions you made
And so then when you're like late on taxes, they're like, I'm just glad we got it at all
Yeah, see what this guy did when he was like 14 and oh my god
He ate a bunch of boardwax then yelled that his tummy was now a snowboard and then he'll then he'll hop on get ready to
Flip and I was like, I don't I don't think flipping is like the main thing in snowboarding
But at that point he was already grinding on every surface in the office. So and he was slippery. He was that
Can I do can I go approach the wizard humbly and
Prostate myself in front of him. Yes, but I really think you need to look that up before we record again
Yeah, I don't think that that's exactly right
Unless you want the wizard to stick a finger in your butt. No, no, no, no. No, I don't I mean no
No, no, I don't want that
So here's this one sent in by Teo. Thank you. It's how to look gothic without your parents getting upset
Please we all
You know have gone through and or are still going through this stage of our lives
Yeah, and we all struggled with it because we were like, you know, we watched
Edward Scissorhands
yeah, the craft or
The craft just like the Addams family
Addams family saw that we're like, I would love to just sort of just chomp Raul Julia's
Style right now and be that yeah, but then we did it. We were just like overnight wham-bam. Thank you
Thank you ma'am and came downstairs and we you know, we're perfectly cosplaying as
As Gomez Addams and our parents were like no, that's too much
No, that's too much. But here is how to really do it without upsetting your parents because that's the most important thing
Part one nothing goth about upsetting your bear exactly to part one dressing goth transform yourself at a slow pace
Plan to look goth over an extended period
Incorporate clothes that identify you as goth one piece at a time and over many months create a six-month plan. Um
Cuz it's like the easiest way to boil a frog or by which I mean your parents you just they'd look at you one day
Why are you boiling your parents?
You're eight months in your parents like wait up. Wait a tick. Hold up. Hold up a second
You got a different sort of different flavor today. Hey, every Debbie
Is Griffin always look like this?
Yeah, I'm looking at him and I'm thinking is that new but then when I'm like
Remembering Griffin for the last six to eight months. I can't remember a time where he didn't
Kind of look like this. Are we okay with this? Are we okay?
Yeah
Incorporate some bright colors into your fashion
Well, well by incorporating some bright colors, you'll send the signal that although you are goth. You are not going overboard
You can still easing in. Yes, don't rush it. No, it's savor it. Enjoy it
This is these are your final days as a normie and so you can you know?
Enjoy that until you are ready to fucking, you know party party with the vampires
You also need to be able to back off of it if it's not like
landing for yeah
Like you need to be like I don't think I was
God, that doesn't sound right. No, don't you remember yesterday?
Like you came into school and you were like fully kitted out with like you remember it's like no
I don't are you okay? Here's a good flip dress somewhat conservatively
While the color scheme of your goth style might frighten your parents you can temper this by embracing a somewhat conservative approach
the picture I am seeing here is
two people and there's a dude who is wearing like a
Very sleek blazer over a black button-up shirt with a black belt with some black pants and his hair is done
All good, and there's a lady with the same sort of fashion going on
And I just am imagining one of us as a teenager walking downstairs in our
In our you know vampire going to a wedding outfit and just be like hello. Hello mother and father
Don't worry about me. I'm goth now
Well time to go to work
Yeah, gotta go. I got a shift at TCBY today
I think if your kids got you got a cancel work that day and just talk through it you got to understand it
Where's it from if nothing else just be like okay because when you go into the world with other teenagers
They might be kind of shitty to you because that's how it works, and I'm listen. I support this 100%
I just want you to know that there will be assholes out there who will not and we're gonna talk through this
I'm getting this right and to be clear. It's not because you're dressing goth. It's because you're wearing a
full suit a full men's magazine cover suit to your
8th-grade class you yes, you're swung hard into what I believe is called executive goth. Yes, exactly
and perhaps you want to start as a more casual goth and then only do
Executive goth on I don't know like standardized testing days like weekend goth is is pretty impactful
What have you found what if you saw one of your teachers at TCBY yeah, and they're a weekend goth
And they're like you too. That's good, or you can do I think it's called like fitness goth
Yeah, and you're like wearing like black tracksuits and stuff, and it's still very gothic
But you're also ready to get out there and work up a sweat. You could also do old old fisherman goth
Oh, that's where one where you you know you sort of fuse those two things together
And that one will confuse people a little bit, so be like who's that old old fisherman you like no
It's it's it's me. I love me
Who's that old fisherman who looks so sad looks so sad, but also so fucking cool. Yeah
There's a bunch of boring shit after that. Let's get into accessorizing focus on goth. That's where it is right
Yeah, if I saw someone in a black t-shirt and black jeans
I'm like okay, but then what's that a spiky wristband? Oh, okay?
Yeah, it could be
JK Simmons if it's just that like a tight tight black t-shirt tight pants like you don't know it might be goth is that's a
Fun game we could make that a game on this show is it goth or is it JK Simmons?
Yeah, we don't actually know if he is part of that lifestyle
Anyway is actually yeah, I do too
I want that for accessories can help you transform your existing wardrobe into one with a gothic flair
Yeah, I had a big bowling shirts face in high school
Tossed on I want to call this episode my brother brother me revelations
Yeah, I wonder if my brother my brother me a retrospective if I had maintained that look and also worn dark scarves
Jewelry like snake bone hair pins a spider ring a bat bracelet, then it just says belts yeah
Well, we all know yeah, that's practical, but here's the trick sometimes
You skip the belt loops. It's just about just the belt is there as its own like tiny
That's cool. That's and that's so fucking goth that is so fucking off
This is if we've learned anything from the fact that fitness goth exists
Yeah off is kind of like I think the fashion equivalent of like steampunk is to storytelling
Where it meshes well with pretty much anything so like I could take say my phase in high school
where I wore button-up shirts dress shirts and
tear away exercise pants and dance shoes and add some goth accessories to that and now
I'm
Embarrassing goth you know what I mean just ties all the theater kid goth if you will but Travis by the yeah
I'm sorry for how much I bullied you in high school
I know I actually think you didn't boy me enough because like yeah
I did that for a long enough period that some some older girls had an intervention for me
Like hey, you seem cool. You gotta stop with you got it this look your pants
You're you are in public your pants should not tear away. Yes
Before there were you know like flash mobs yeah, maybe I was just ahead of the curve. You don't know
um yeah, I'm
You can be like mean just kind of like stop evolving your style at 16
Just like get to 16 be like yeah, it's good
Justin's in a short-sleeve button-down. I got it
I'm gonna push back a little bit because you did I would say inject some Disney dad flair in there
Yeah, later in life that was just a circumstance of where I happen to be when I needed a shirt. That's like that's
Good point I would argue in high school juice you had yet to receive the Jimmy Buffett blood transfusion that
transformed you
Into the man you are that was
Don't need fucking island vibes. You're on island time 24 hours a day, and you don't even realize yeah
You need a cold eye of life of age
You may be listening to this right now, and you might be in your house y'all days
So you don't need he Jimmy says take the weather with you as the name one of his albums and the right
That's you do that when you're young. You don't think about it with it when you're older
You got to work at a little bit still attainable um avoid dying your hair black right away
Oh, so fucking yeah, okay make that one. Yeah, no, it's too late
I already I already did yeah, I already did that I assumed make that one yeah
Cuz that's that one's gonna. That's one's good. Might I recommend purple?
Yeah, much better. You'll still ruin a lot of pillowcases and white t-shirt
Yeah
Are you oh man Trav? Are you off? I'm no no no no no no no like I think about it
I understand the impulse, and there's like zero judgment here obviously
Some tact I'm a lot more emo than that. I'm like a like a dad
You know like emo dad like a scene stir dad is what yeah, that's a lot more of my thing. Yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like the music I'm listening to is like Panic at the Disco and
And fallout boy where it's much more like elder emo Wow
Yeah, you're not kidding. That really is sort of your set. Yeah, yeah guys
Hey, we've known each other for a long time, right? I've never really thought of myself as someone who's living like life with an emo brother
so when I have purple hair and I like eyeliner and like I'm wearing you know like a
Suit with like a little like bird skull lapel pin
Yeah, I bet Travis is it seemed like more like a costume than an expression of your off
Now baby this but now I feel like you're living out
Yeah, man my pride you know my problem, and I feel like this is something we could all learn from
My problem is that I think of you too frequently as a person first hmm and labels second
Oh, I feel like we could all do do well to try to think of people in terms of labels
Yeah, yeah as a person second
I'm working really hard to show my label and people are like yeah
But I don't want to talk about that and it's like but that's all I want to talk about
Please I'm gonna hop forward don't get any tattoos or piercings yeah
And then we're gonna move on to part three because I'm assuming by the way that they will tell me when it is okay to dye
My hair yeah, I'm just circle back on it if you're gonna delay me on it and eventually I can get tattoos and piercings, right?
Someday yeah, I think could you do a an ombra?
I think is what it's called where you just get a little bit of the hair dyed black
Mmm, and then your parents will be like is he going is this hair going wait. It's not going gray. What's going on?
So part three behaving well wait be true to yourself. You don't have to change your which one is it yes
Be true to your best self
I guess step two and this is an awesome one for like any one of these like lifestyle things and it's
Number two get good grades
Yeah
They should put that in kind of saying they should put that in literally everything
It's like how to live like Goku, and it's like it's just a practice meditation and get very strong
And then it's gonna be like and then get good grades
Because that's awesome. You're gonna learn stuff and have better opportunities
And your parents will be very pleased with you even though you're living that full-blown Goku lifestyle
Oh, man avoid friends who get into trouble. Yeah, you don't know what is going on on this list
I feel like somebody's grandma what wrote this yeah, right?
I will remind you listen sitting backwards on a no no Griffin. Yes, please your mind is curving
The article is how to look gothic without your parents getting upset and so this one's like if you did dye your hair black
And you got six lip piercings, and then you found this article
You'd be like fuck fuck fuck fuck, but then you get to part three, and it's like hey, it's okay
just get good grades and
That's really gonna knock this out of the park don't have friends who get into trouble and it shows somebody guys
And they're smoking a cigarette no no no. Thank you. Yeah, stay away from an age
What are they gonna do when they get on a long airplane flight? Oh?
Yeah, exactly final one show respect to your parents the way you look might alienate your parents
But the way you act and talk to them is more important
But here's the Kobayashi Maru if you're like mom dad. I know I have a different steez now
But I love you both, and I respect you and they say we love you, too
Please go back to the change to dress it the way you used to you can't be like I respect you
But but fuck no I look so cool now. You don't even get it. I'm down. I'm pulling down tail
24-7
Understand
Parents just don't understand how much tail I'm pulling with my new gothic style
Because it can't be like the last step in this is like go back to normal if your parents
Wicked don't like it
you know what I mean like you could have good grades and get rid of your smoking friends and be true to yourself and
all that and
They could still even after all that work be like go change go change you know here's what it is Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin
First before you do any of the style changes you start to get bad grades and hang out with kids who smell
Oh my god, Travis. Yes, and then as you transition to the goth style
Yeah, start to clean up your act, and they're like I don't know what it is, but is it's really working for them
You know and they see it like they're connected. I
Like that a lot. I like that a lot
I like that a lot
It's like when Justin got blonde highlights, and yeah, and then he started I didn't even volunteer that I
Thought it would be okay because we're all just sort of dish and dishing out this
More like a self dish so far hasn't it felt like that so far that it's more of a
Self dish like a self-serve eat. You know eat what you want kind of deal. No yeah, I think Griffin's right
Justin anything you want to say about Griffin
Yeah, no, I love my brother very much. You'd blast me. No
I don't you don't want to talk about when he bought the
Red goggles from Hot Topic and his friend Evan bought the green goggles
And then they switched one lens of both so they had red and green goggles
Yeah, that's just he was going to see a 3d movie later that you want no
I definitely wore them at school, but and that and that theater practice
But are you are you they're called rehearsal Travis, but how are you gonna blast the coolest thing I've ever done in my life
That's fair. Yeah, yeah, you know it's true. I
Don't really want to blast you. I love my brother, okay?
You did try to get people to call you Andy that one. Yeah, that's true
Well, I also tried to get the nickname shades going at church camp
This is all stuff that we've talked about on this show. We've been doing it for a billion billion trillion trillion trillion years
Yeah, let's take a break and make some money right yeah, and then we'll come back and do some other things
You guys know what I just built a website on Squarespace yesterday
Did you? I did. What is it?
I'm working on a new podcast that I'm executive producing called chasing immortality
And I wanted to build a website for that and I made what's the website address chasing immortality pod calm, okay?
And I think it's a I mean it's listen. It's it's nothing
I'm really worried about I'm Charlie. I'm really worried about you. Did you just call Charlie Travis?
I'm really worried about you now. I can find two words. I'm really worried about you Travis
Website looks so expensive. Oh, and that you must have spent so much money
Getting professional to design this website. Oh, no Justin Justin Justin Justin. You dumb piece of shit. I
Made it myself in about like 30 to 40 minutes
You're kidding me. No you stupid asshole. I made that
Oh, you're right you're right hey friends in case you I should I should clarify for the bit Squarespace is great
Travis actually did not work very hard on this website
Take another pass at it. Yes, I did. I mean I'm gonna take another pass at it, but I needed something functional
Started and the thing the bigger point Justin
But I was trying to get to is I realized as I was making this was like how many websites
I have used at Squarespace to build for just kind of off-the-cuff like ideas. I've had a cup indeed and
Okay, I
Know they have beautiful customize a little templates created by world-class designers
I didn't have the copy up, and I know that there's many options. You could have gone with here Travis listen Justin's right don't let my
work ethic reflect the quality of
Hard they have beautiful customizable templates they do and it lets you sell products and services of all kind and everything's optimized for mobile out of
The box, but I am a lazy turd, and I was like this has links
That's good. They have analytics to help you grow free and secure hosting and nothing to patch or upgrade ever so go to
Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first
Purchase of a web center to remain Squarespace anyone can make a website even a dumb shit like Travis McRoy
That's there. No. That's your tagline. It's printed right there
This isn't a failure because you are a dumb shit. It's just that you were kind of lazy
You didn't work very thank you. Okay. Can we move on from this? This is kind of a weird energy. I like okay
Do you need to mail your brother's garbage website to the dumpster factory? Well look no further than stamps calm
It's a way to skip the trip to the post office dodge all the the hectic Halloween
traffic and
Save a little time and money at stamps calm. I love I'll hey listen yeah
Nobody lives at a post office right well, but you can I've got somewhere
They're it like somewhere like in a small town unless you count like the the the one that's on that
I heard about um where it's on a boat
Yeah, I mean, it's like a boat. There's one. That's like a boat that like there's like boat ones. Oh
Of course, but anyway nobody lives really on a post office, but you can't even turn your house into post office stamps calm
cool
You discounts can't find anywhere else 40% off you SPS rates and
76% off UPS are you kidding?
That's a lot you can save together that's a hundred and sixteen percent off if you mail a package
Two packages one using us ps1 using ups add that together. That's a hundred and sixteen percent off
Amazing amazing save time and money this holiday season with stamps calm
Sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a four-week trial free postage and a digital scale
No long-term commitments or contracts just go to stamps calm click the microphone at the top of page and enter code my brother
Did you say a digital scale yeah?
It's a dirigible scale
It's a didgeridoo scale
Treaty right on there. Hey kid
Your dad tell you about the time. He broke Stephen Dorf's knows that the kids Choice Awards
In dead pilot society scripts that were developed by studios and networks
But were never produced are given the table reads they deserve
When I was a kid, I had to spend my Christmas break filming a PSA about angel dust. So yeah being a kid sucks sometimes
Presented by Andrew Reich and Ben Blacker dead pilot society twice a month on maximumfun.org
You know the show you like that hobo with the scarf who lives in a magic dumpster
Doctor who
I have lots of fish tanks
What one of which is on my bathroom vanity the problem is that my bathroom is where I get dressed every morning?
Because closing the blinds in my room takes effort, and I am lazy Travis you can certainly relate to this. I sure do
Consequently my fish sees me naked a lot is this
Inappropriate
Huh?
Hmm. That's some fishy business
There is no way that a fish of any level of intelligence
Could look upon the human form and parse it whatsoever, right?
Not only are we like comparatively gigantic to them. Yeah, so many of the parts are different
Yeah, you couldn't contextualize it. I don't even know if a fish has a has a beamis so what to I
Mean listen, they got eyes and mouth and as far as I could tell the well, I just meant externally
Parts that they can like look at us and be like I know those are eyes
But what the fuck are those would be the rest of it? That's like elbows fingers shoulders
I'm not even getting into any of the like you know the stuff that are covered by clothes like I mean
I can't I mean we could just start here. Okay, fish snake fish naked fish is absolutely naked
Fish is naked fish has always been naked fishes naked fish doesn't even understand anything else other than naked
Yeah, wait, but the first time your fish sees you naked your fish is like, okay, I get this
Yeah, I tell you guys something this I can get into it just fucked me up
What don't Google this but think right now our scales
Fish's skin or are the scales covering their skin underneath are the scales?
Yeah, or the scales like hair the scales are scales cuz it's fish. Yeah, but I mean like what's the what's the corollary, right?
I don't know. It's not you don't mean to meta. You don't need to turn it into a metaphor. It's just scales, bud
But are the scales the same different?
But are the rocks their taxes think about it, yeah
Listen you're being flippant cuz you don't know the answer and that's they're being flippant their fish. That's true. That's yeah, they're being a lipid
I
Just threw a die across the I was thinking I was think you were talking about how fish is naked
When Don Knotts turns into the incredible, mr. Limpet
First of all, he turns into a fish a real shark tail ass looking fish that looks a lot like Don Knotts
But he also has glasses on so he's not completely nude if you think about it. Do you guys ever think that we talk about?
Mr. Limpet so much that maybe we have thought it into existence and it is not
Really actually? Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting
Yeah
Probably because when you think about it is a movie about a man who wishes to be a fish so hard that he turns into
A fish and then helps the US government spot
Like seat like mines in the sea. Yeah to protect submarines in the war
Yeah, man, what a badass
What a complete badass and then I think this man turned fish
Has relations with another fish? Yeah, definitely. It definitely does that what a movie you guys and this is for kids
Yeah, yeah. Well, it's the got it something for grown-ups, too. Yeah
Travis you just got a fish tank. How do you feel about showing your near? I did it day one to establish dominance. Okay
They were probably pretty wild now in there just like what's this new place? Oh, look, there's rocks this water tastes different
Look at that big ass. Is that dude evil or what? What's his vibe?
Whoa a butthole
Why is he showing me this
Fish got my holes fish. Are you freaked out by bowels? Yeah
Yeah
when I bought the fish or my fishing the person at the pet store said like that you had to put him you know in an
Opaque bag to drive them home or else it could like scare the fish too much because
It's the equivalent and there's a quote the equivalent of an alien abduction to them. Yeah, definitely
Have you seen Nemo? And then I started thinking about how much farther that concept extends
We're like if someone picked up me and put me in another house
Inside someone else's house. I and it's sorry. It started to get too much for me. I couldn't handle it. Yeah, I don't blame you
I want to munch
I want to munch
In there, I didn't mean to be Dracula I was like
It's Italian. Oh
I try to make it sound like Italian. Yeah, that's awesome, man. Wait, it's Dracula not Italian
I'm Dracula Transylvania, but oh
Right, right, right. Yeah garlic thing would have been a bigger deal. Yeah
Okay, a new temptation is born
The passionate kiss burger to enjoy. Oh, no say that ten times again
The passionate kiss burger to enjoy with every bite. Is it brought to you by Gene Simmons?
Hmm. What restaurant do you think is brought to you by?
Mmm. Oh good question
I'm gonna say
hmm Red Robin
interesting Griffin
the passionate kiss burger
Passionate kiss burger. It's got to be not one of the main ones
I feel like it's gotta be a wild one like Dairy Queen or something like that. Oh, no, wait, hold on
I'm gonna say Olive Garden because you said Italian earlier
No, I mean literally Italian a new irresistible temptation
Stemming from the creativity of Colonel Sanders. Why kiss burger now available in all KFC restaurants in Italy?
Whoa, whoa is a chicken sandwich
It's a bad start Italy, but go on a chicken sandwich for your burger
Prepared according to the Colonel's original and secret recipe
topped with double cheddar cheese
crunchy bacon and
Two delicious onion rings great. Enjoy every bite with the passion of a kiss because pleasure
Knows no obstacles. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, not even topped with onions now Justin
I I want you to know I listened to every word you just said
Mm-hmm. Are you telling me that the entirety of the name passionate kiss burger?
Yeah is a lie
No, because it is neither a burger nor has anything to do with a passionate kiss except that one might enjoy it
With the passion of a kiss
Yes, this is what I'm saying. It's a sandwich that break that is a kiss kiss burger
What part of that don't you not understand in the advertising film? And yes, it is a film
Colonel Sanders talks about the new burger in all its delicacy a sandwich that brings you closer that unleashes passion for kisses
in couples of all ages
Ethnicities and sexual orientations with onions on it. Yeah, the launch campaign of the new burger
Plays with the cliche of the onion. Oh, which could turn people away after eating it
But Colonel Sanders recipe is so good that it has the opposite effect
everybody the sandwich triggers the
Desire to share and rediscover the pleasure of being together. That's from Paulo Tofano head of marketing and communications
at KFC Italia
Is it a sorry you I I think I law I didn't pay attention there for about
Interest record three quarters of a second and now I don't know if this is a movie or a chicken burger
Right, so it's both. It's a sort of transmedia
Experience where it's kind of a burger that they've adapted into an advertising film. Yeah a 30-second advertising film, right?
Once again, we wanted Colonel Sanders as the protagonist of the commercial
He is the best testimonial for the message. We want to continue to share at KFC
We are all the same and invited to enjoy the chicken. Okay at KFC
We're all the same and invited to enjoy the chicken. I love that
That's the atmosphere the sharing and welcoming experience that we offer in our restaurants
also
Debunking some cliches like the one about onions. Is that a cliche though? What's the onion cliche?
They do make your breath stinky
It's but the recipe of passion for this burger. That's chicken is so powerful. Yeah that it gets you
fucking
Oh, oh, I see. I like that. I like that. This one is a burger. That's what they're saying and guys
This is kind of hard for the yeah it is
Sorry trap you were kicked off the podcast first. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
You said hard and we're talking about getting a horny and so I couldn't actually you said I lost you again
Oh, so I lost you again. Can you try to yeah, can you hear me now? I made it sound like a boner
Okay guys, I'm gonna send you a link don't watch it yet
Oh my goodness, okay, and you at home are gonna watch this too. How are you sending it to us?
I'm gonna slack it to you, baby
topical
Don't watch it until I tell you to oh my god. I want to watch you so bad
I know I know but I'm gonna start the music so people can enjoy it with you
All right, get it loaded up and get ready to start. I'm ready. Are you ready to start?
Go
Okay, if see if you care no connoisseur barriere
Prova il nuovo kiss
Burger filetto di pollo preparato secondo la mia ricetta originale secret
Doppio cheddar bacon croccante edu e golose onion ring qualche problema con la cipolla
Perchè stare lontani dalle tentazioni
nuovo kiss burger come closer kfc
United
Play just the come closer
Burger come closer kfc chicken united. It's so great. That's yeah, it's really really good
Yeah, see actually extremely surprised by the horniness of that commercial
Yeah, dude, if you guys Google kfc kiss burger because we probably
Man, we'll probably tweet it out and include an episode lazy stuff
It's like a very only commercial on a bash
At least this is not like your sidelong glances or you're in plot people are full-on
tonguing
Tonguing hard. Yeah, this is like kfc is trying to establish itself as like the new like make out spot
That like oh, hey eat this burger get totally revved up and then taste each other's tonsils
my dude is this now I understand why they're all like
Talking about how onions have a bad taste and smell to them
Yeah, because they're assuming that you are going to be chowing down on your partner's face
Moments after consuming this big because it's not a burning because of consuming Griffin that is important. This is not like
This is not the the burger is not superfluous to the experience but rather integral
Without it. You are not going to be chowing down on each other's faces. Yeah. Hey cool commercial
Did we talk about the fact that there's about a thousand scenes of people kissing like deeply deeply kiss
Just one couple mind you a lot of couples. Maybe they
They're like they love the burger flavor
They're kissing the burger at the same time
Like it's one of those like cool three-way kisses that you see in like cool movies that people do where it's like me
My my beautiful wife and a chicken burger in between us with the stinkiest onions. I've ever been close to in my life
But I do like the idea of each other stinky breath making it. Okay, right? We're eating the same burger
So, you know what? We're all the same here at KFC. Everybody's breath is stinky. So let's just enjoy it and get into it. Yeah
Cool commercial juice. Thanks for sharing that with us. Yeah, it's very good
It doesn't look like a very good sandwich, but fuck you, but I would eat the hell out of that
It looks good as hell. I'm really hungry though. Yeah, that's also true. It's about lunchtime here
It's also really funny because there's 319 comments on this video that's been viewed 6,000 times, which is quite a huge ratio
that's what
KFC Italia has
Put a comment on the on the top of it. That's like hey everybody, please be nice
It's like can't see you have the power to turn correct comments off and can't see like no no no everybody gets there
So you must be treatment speech, but be cool. Just please be cool
Um, man, that was a good that I never want to I don't ever want to kiss again
It's one of those things where it's like, oh, I'm think I'm done. I have I've had my fill
They don't address choking hazards in this at all. Do they? Yeah. Hey, how come their colonel is maybe the handsomest?
Older gentleman I've ever seen a very legitimate
So we keep fucking bouncing around. It's like here's like Kevin Nealon first for some reason, you know what I mean?
Yeah, well, thank you so much for listening to podcasts this one specifically this podcast all podcasts are equal in my book
Yeah, all the listeners go to the same place really right? Yeah into the big podcast hole
Very very very exciting news a lot of things actually
So first we've got the adventure zone live and virtual show this week, November 5th 9 p.m. Eastern Time tickets are $10
It's another episode of hootenanny all about the intergalactic country band hoodie and the nannies
You can get those tickets at bit.ly slash Taz
Virtual and even if you can't make it Friday at 9 p.m. Eastern Time video on demand will be available for two weeks after the show
We've got new merch up and listen. We've got a Wizards of the cloud pin of the month
We've got a candlelight ornament that Wizards of the cloud pin of the month, by the way designed by Dana Wagner
And it benefits native women led which revolutionizes systems and inspires innovation by investing in native women in business
The candle nights ornament is designed by Kate May and benefits Harmony House
Which is an organization to end homelessness in Huntington area through permanent housing and supportive service programs
We've got the candle lights mug there, which is similar to it the adventure zone stoneware mug
But it has the candle nights logo, but we've also got for the first time
Till death do us blart merch. We've got a till death do us blart shirt
Which is designed by Tyler Reed and proceeds from that benefit the First Nations Development Institute
Which improves economic conditions for Native Americans through direct financial grants technical assistance and training and advocacy
And policy so that's all cool
We've got tickets for the Emerald City Comic Con show on sale now
My brother my brother and me on December 2nd and Taz on December 3rd, both shows are general attendance
So there's no assigned seating, but there will be ABA seating available
You do not need an ECCC badge to buy tickets to these shows
Emerald City safety protocols require full proof of vaccination or
recent negative COVID test to attend you can find the full safety protocols at bit.ly
slash ECCC safety. I think there's seven more C's. I think there's about nine to ten more C's
Yeah, in addition masks are required while on the premises and capacity will be reduced more info including the full health and safety procedures as well
As ticket links is at bit.ly slash McElroy tour
also one last thing I have
Been working on a show for a long time now that I created and executive produced. It's a podcast called chasing immortality
It's narrated by type Diskin and it is the true stories of people throughout history
who have attempted to cheat death in a variety of
strange ways
It is a single voice
Kind of narrative podcast all about these true weird stories
If that sounds interesting to you and I hope that it does you can subscribe by going to bit.ly slash
Chasing immortality or search chasing immortality in your podcatcher or as previously mentioned going to chasing immortality
Podcom and attempt to not judge my effort level but rather find all the information there that you need
It's gonna be hard to not do the first thing. Yes, I understand that but please please I've got a lot going on
Thank you to Montaigne for the use for a theme song. My life is better with you a fantastic track
We're so glad that that she crafted that for us
So yes, you got I know there's probably people who listen to the show who don't listen to the things
We asked them to do you gotta go listen to now in space and watch that video
I've watched I've listened to it like a hundred times. It's it's a top bop
She did one with card Tom Carty too. Yeah called red flags. So seek that out. Very very good
Yes, so thank you Montaigne and thank you to maximum fun for having us on the network
Oh glad glad to be here. Do you want the final yahoo? Yes. Cool. This one was sent in by
Cranston Brian Cranston. Whoa
Yes, no idea. He was a listener. He's not. Oh
Just send it. Yeah, he just sent it. Anyway, it's asked by Yahoo answers user
from
from
Fronkin Frankenstein from Frankenstein, which is the original Constantine. Yeah, and this one it says here
Specifically it is the monster and to not be it like a job about it
Okay
from Frankenstein asks, I mean if it's his son, it's definitely gonna have his last name, right?
Yeah, that's a good point well you but what's his first name Charles Frankenstein jr. Asks
Does anyone know
Does anyone know a place?
to buy a Halloween
costumes
For an eight and a half foot tall
Big strong big strong man
No
Masks that cover the whole head
because of my special
bolts that
Honest to Christ. I swear to Christ. I do not know why those are there
The rest of me is all body parts
But for some fucking reason my dipshit science dad
Put these fucking bolts in there
Please do not suggest I go as myself or
Or different Frankenstein, I'm the real deal Holyfield. I want to be one of the Paw Patrol
I'm Griffin. This is my brother my brother because your dad's square on the lips
Oh
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
