The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother of me, isn't it? I'm Justin McElroy.
He's out of stroke.
I was in England for a week, wasn't I? And now I am. Now this is how I sound, isn't it?
This will be, we are making podcast history right now, because it's definitely the first
time in podcast history that one of the hosts of the podcast has spoken for the entire episode
in one long word. One long, joined, constant word.
Well, I can't help, can I talk, can I?
I also think it's possible that we have somehow traveled back in
time and changed the past so that Justin is fading away.
I spent a week abroad, didn't I? And this is how I talk now. Me and Obama. Madonna.
You and Obama?
Madonna. You're Darma and Greg.
You're Jeffrey Dahmer?
Madonna.
You donger.
She's a singer, isn't she? From Bronx. Now she's from England, like me.
Madonna. He's saying Madonna.
This is going to be a fun, like, word search episode.
It's like a word search episode where Justin says dumb shit and you can't understand it.
You got to look at it diagonally and upside down. There it is. Madonna.
Circling.
Pretty sneaky, sis.
Pretty sneaky, Madonna.
It's an embarrassing story, isn't it? I was, I was practicing this voice when I was in London one
night and I accidentally might've said it in front of people who lived here, didn't I? Didn't I?
They, I mean, they're not here.
There was a lot of pronouns. You kind of lost me.
You know, it gets confusing.
Yeah, there's a lot of pronouns in British.
Because I still feel like I'm over there, don't I?
Yeah. Yeah. What is it about, what is it about your current environment
that makes you think you're still in London?
Is it just the fact that you're speaking with this preposterous accent?
Well, it's all the vinegar, isn't it?
It's also not so much of an accent.
Hold on, Travis. Travis, I hate to, I hate to interrupt you,
but Justin has just made the proclamation that he's surrounded by vinegar,
which is somehow a defining characteristic of London.
I bought a lot of vinegar over there, didn't I? Don't have room to store it, do I?
I feel like there'll be epic customs problems with that.
I told him I sold vinegar. I got a work visa for the States, didn't I? To sell vinegar.
Oh, so your accent was so convincing that the customs people believed that you were immigrating out of.
Well, they knew I was a Brit, didn't they?
There's a lot of holes in this story, Justin.
Are you immersed in vinegar? Are you taking like a vinegar soak?
I want to help you blimey blokes from the States side with your advice show, don't I?
I'll tell you, don't I?
You sound exactly like Russell Brand. Exactly the same.
You also sound incredibly uncertain of yourself.
You also sound like you require our verification for every single sentence that you say.
But well, I'm bi-coastal now, aren't I? It's harder to judge what I'm saying.
No, it is definitely much harder to judge.
I mean, what time is it? Isn't it 9? 4? Can the Brits not tell time?
No, but I'm like bi-coastal now, aren't I?
I don't- bi-coastal means something totally- I mean, I guess it's on a different coast,
but the coast is on a different continent. When you be intercontinental.
Now it's international waters. Let's get the quiz show started.
Okay. Representing England, let's man it.
All right. Everybody, thank you for listening to-
The show is canceled forever.
Very long-winded episode of My Bim Bam. We're all going to have a lot of fun with accents
and voices and cadence, and we're all just going to have a blast. No advice this week,
just accents. So strap it- strap it in, strap it on, and let's just get loose.
Are you all excited about Thanksgiving, aren't you?
Okay.
Okay. What's that? I don't have Thanksgiving.
I think in the-
Go blind, we gov!
Oh, okay, no.
Hello, hello, what's all this then?
Justin has bitten-
Oh, it's contagious, ain't it?
Justin has bitten Travis, sending the virulent stream into his blood.
What are you guys doing? Get away- guys, get away from me. I said get the fuck away! Oh, no!
Oh, Apple!
Oh, Colin!
Lock, stock, and barrel. Snatch. Don't you know?
Gov, I'm itchy, aren't I? Reference is hilarious.
Crisps!
Please, Christ, please, Jesus Christ, please.
We don't have them in my country, do we?
Here, we call him Jeezy Crazy.
Jesus Crisps.
Juicy Crust.
We love his miracles, don't we?
Watered wine, wine vinegar, we love it.
Juicy Crust, heal my accent.
Shit, we're not going to say anything funnier than that.
We have an hour and we're not going to say anything funnier than that.
Maybe if you believe harder.
Oh, Juicy Crust.
Juicy Crust, everybody.
I'm going to work on my American accent for the rest of the show, aren't I?
Okay.
All right, okay.
This is, all right, this is a strain.
You sound like Hugh Jackman.
And wait, is Hugh Jackman- it's hard to tell, isn't it?
It's like Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
Isn't it?
Isn't it?
Nope.
Here's the first question.
So my buddy-
God damn it.
My buddy gave me- God, I'm going to get it.
My buddy gave me his iPhone 4 after dropping it,
breaking the screen and getting an iPhone 5 right away.
After I offered to pay him, he said-
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
Okay.
Not correct.
Correct course.
Okay.
After I offered to pay him, he said, quote,
I was going to throw it away anyways, so just have it, end quote, for free.
I am now, after about three weeks, selling it on eBay.
Do I owe him anything?
What if he asked for it back for some reason?
My gut instinct is that I only owe him a sucks to suck when he asks.
That's from Clueless in Cleveland.
Yeah, that's funny.
When I first read this question, my immediate impulse was,
of course you don't owe him anything.
He gave it to you.
What you do with it is your business.
But then, just hearing it just then-
Hearing it out loud.
Yeah.
All I could think was, you've only had it for three weeks.
Why did he give it to you?
Was there some arrangement, like you needed the phone and it still worked,
even though the screen was cracked?
Or did he just kind of like toss it to you and go,
I was going to throw this away, so whatever, fuck it.
I'm assuming he didn't give it to you like on consignment.
Like he probably thought you were going to use it, right?
Yeah, right.
It's a tricky situation.
That's all I mean, that's all that I have.
Because listen, I've broken my fair share of iPhones in my day,
like seven of them, and I still have all of them.
Do you remember when dad broke your iPhone?
Yeah, the first time.
Dropped it on the side of a pool, like face down,
and it just, that thing fucking exploded.
And then he very nonchalantly picked it up and handed it to you
without acknowledging it, and then was like,
what's up, later.
What's up, later, and turned to walk away.
And you're like, hey Pops, you exploded.
One second, my little sly fox.
I think that the fact that you're asking us
and not like talking to your friend about it,
lets me know that maybe you know there's something up.
Like if your morality is scratching the back of your cerebellum
and saying, hey, maybe this isn't, you know, cool.
I will tell you the scenario in which I know 100%
it is not cool.
If your friend broke his iPhone, replaced it,
and you said, well, I've always wanted an iPhone,
but I couldn't afford one.
And he said, well, here you go,
I was just gonna throw this one away.
And then you turn around and sell it.
That he was then in that case,
then he sees you using your flip phone again.
And he's like, oh, what happened to the iPhone?
And you say, oh yeah, no, I sold it.
Don't worry, I got 20 bucks for it.
And I use that to get drunk.
I'm sorry, but that's homeboys problem
for not fucking thinking of that,
thinking without that, you know, mercantile edge.
You know what I mean?
He was gonna throw that shit in the fucking garbage.
That's money straight out of your pocket, dog.
That's a lot of, that's a lot of moolah potential.
Assuming he just gave it to you,
not with the intent of you using it,
but just to like, give it to you.
I think what I would do in your scenario
is call him up and say, hey, I got some sucker
to give me some money for that phone you gave me.
You want to split it halfsies.
You want half this dough.
And then only give him like 20%.
Yeah, you don't know.
Don't tell him how much you got.
Then it's a windfall for both of you.
Otherwise, I think you're gonna feel weird about it
because you're right.
There's every chance he could say like,
hey, listen, if you're not using that phone,
my sister needs one.
So I'm just gonna get that back from you.
Why do you, why did you want a broken iPhone?
Well, trust me, as someone who's broken it,
there's two layers of screen.
No, it's no good.
It's no good.
No, you can still use it.
No, it's not like perfect and new anymore.
Listen, it's never going to impress anyone.
That's the thing, you own an iPhone
so that someone looks at it and goes,
oh God, your tactic is so beautiful.
Biggest question I guess precedes that one,
which is why would you want an iPhone 4
even in working condition when the 5 is already out there?
Once the 5, I don't know if you guys knew this,
once the 5 came out, the 4 and the 4S were broken already.
Do you know what I mean?
Just like in principle, they did not work anymore.
See, that's why I advocate not getting anything,
no iPhones, no phones until it's reached.
Wait till they say this is the last iPhone.
This is the last, this is the final iPhone.
There are no new iPhones out.
The iPhone 63 is the best.
Does this only apply to iPhones
or is like, has my HTC One been broken
since I brought it out of the AT&T store?
Yes.
Since I looked at it and said,
oh, you look special and different.
Hey, chumps that bought the PlayStation 4, too soon.
Wait for 63.
They all stop at 63, by the way,
except for the Nintendo 64.
The Nintendo 64 was so amazing.
Broke the mold, really broke the mold with that one.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Jared Anger.
Thanks, Jared.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Fiss Jorg.
Fiss Jorg who asks,
can I get in trouble if I take off the clothes
on the mannequins in a store?
I'm 18 years old and a guy who's never had sex
or even had a girlfriend before.
Okay.
That much was clear from the subject matter.
I keep telling myself,
I'm going to go looking for a girl to have sex with
sometime soon,
but don't feel fully prepared to do it yet.
I thought about-
Because that's such a production.
I know.
You gotta take a shower.
You have to powder your jimmies.
Have to find girls.
Where are they?
Also that.
I thought about practicing how to take off clothes
on mannequins for practice.
My plan is to go into a store where they sell women's clothing
and have female mannequins inside.
Then I can practice on how to take off pieces
of women's clothing such as bras, panties, etc.
by doing it on the mannequin.
I don't want to seem like an idiot the day
that I actually do have sex and won't know
the proper technique in order to take off a girl's panties
or bra or whatever.
Sorry for saying panties, everybody.
Will I get in trouble if the employees of the store
see me doing this though?
If so, could I just take the mannequin in the bathroom
and do it?
They won't see me.
Yes.
You should always just take the mannequin in the bathroom.
That will look way less suspicious.
It is if nobody sees you.
Because this kid sounds like a sneaky criminal mastermind.
You are-
Okay.
He's gonna-
Let me just like outline it mathematically
because I think that that latter option is obviously
the best option because this kid doesn't know
his- the fucking way around that whole situation,
that whole scene.
And it does take practice.
You guys can pretend to be smooth criminals all you want,
but it does.
It's gonna take this kid five to six minutes
to solve this puzzle.
Let me throw this out.
It would take him much less than five to six minutes
to perform like an exfil to the Sears bathroom.
You know what I mean?
Let me throw this out.
This is how you get away with it, right?
An employee stumbles upon you stripping down a mannequin
and they're about to say something
and then they notice the blackboard upon which
you are scribbling notes and equations.
Yeah, that's gonna be-
They're gonna be so dumbfounded
that they're just gonna go,
oh, well, clearly this is bigger than both of us.
I just want-
You're saying that anytime anyone has a blackboard
doing things on it,
people won't question their scientific methods?
Have you seen the show Numbers, Griffin?
Because that's all that happens on it.
People scribble on a blackboard
and then someone gets arrested.
Have a check, have a clipboard with you
with like a sheet that you can make check marks on
while you're taking the clothes off the-
Oh, oh, and then when the salesperson says something to you,
you say, oh, it took you four and a half minutes
to say something.
Oh, the Western branch did way better
and then run out of the store.
Loss prevention, not your strong suit here.
Loss of innocence prevention.
What are they losing?
What is being lost in this scenario?
Loss of mannequin shame.
I look forward to the moment
when this kid perfects his clothes taking off game
and then he finally meets that special prostitute
and he gets her back to the hotel room
and he gets all the clothes off
and then he has this staggering realization
that he has no idea what comes next.
He has obsessed about-
The weirdest part of this whole thing.
He will take his hand, hold it in the air
as if he's doing a high five in one swift motion,
karate chop it to the ground
and in that smooth motion,
all of the women's clothes are gone
and she'll say, holy shit, that was amazing.
Do me now.
And he says, do what now?
Do you who?
I was under the assumption that that was sex.
I thought that that was the thing.
I'm gonna go.
There's some definite gray area here.
There's definitely some moral ambiguity in this issue.
If you fuck a mannequin at the store, that is a no-no.
You can shoplift from that store all the fuck you want
because they're not gonna do stuff
but you have made yourself vulnerable in a big way.
You have violated God's laws
and state and city laws probably too.
I also wanna throw out internal policies of Lane Bryant
just in general violated.
Can you imagine being a sales associate at that store
after this kid has had a couple of months
to perfect this technique
and it's just like naked mannequins everywhere
and you cannot catch the blur
that is stripping these nannikins to the ground
in 0.02 seconds.
I'm pretty sure they call him the streak.
Well, not really
because the streak didn't make other people naked, did he?
That really wasn't part of his legacy.
Or the joke.
Either one, it's just because naked.
I'm just saying it was built on a faulty premise.
The streak himself was naked.
This kid obviously has no interest
in taking his clothes off at all.
You're assuming.
I'm assuming.
You're right, Travis.
I think that this kid would be the greatest
criminal mastermind ever if he could pull this off
because if the cops catch up with him
and draw their guns or go to draw their guns,
only wait, where's my gun?
And my pants and my shirt.
And my bra.
And my bra and my underwear
and my cock ring that I wear for that.
I think that you can do this
but while you're conducting these experiments,
you have to loudly announce, just aloud,
you know, I think this will fit me
but I'm not sure if this will fit me.
And I think if you do that,
then everyone will assume that you're just gonna try it on
as sort of like a cool gender-bending,
metrosexual kind of look.
It's possible.
I do not think the physiology of a real life woman
is the same as a mannequin though.
I think there's probably a little bit more.
There's been a lot of advances in mannequin technology
over the last couple of decades.
They don't have any kind of fleshy give, I'm assuming.
Have you checked?
I haven't, no.
Well, you know what happens when you assume.
I have, you're right.
I'm making a lot of assumptions here.
Yeah, I worked at Land's End, trust me.
You had fleshy, fleshy mannequins?
Fleshy, squeezable mannequins.
Fuck, that sucks.
Oh man, that's a bummer.
Have you ever seen that Nickelodeon show
with the mannequin with the hat on?
It was like that but in reverse
because they were like human all the time.
In retrospect, Land's End might've employed slaves.
Okay, that's kind of what it sounds more like.
Now that I'm thinking through it,
they were crying a lot.
Okay, so I don't wanna-
They might've been just customers.
Yeah, that's why I got fired.
This weekend I went on a date
and the girl pulled in, I forgot my wallet.
The only thing is later after I pay for a meal,
she told me to put something in her purse
and the only thing in there was her wallet.
Everything else after that went great.
Otherwise she seemed pretty cool.
Is this a deal breaker or should I agree
to a second date and see?
That's from Cond in Canada.
If she had a purse and the only thing in it was a wallet,
why didn't she have a clutch?
I guess that's my biggest question.
Good question.
I hate to go fashion police on this woman, but-
Is it possible that it was not actually a wallet
but just some sort of makeup case or maybe a gun?
You think it was a gun?
Like a gun in a case, not just like a wallet-shaped gun.
That's stupid.
I'm saying like a Derringer.
No, but that would be in a garter on her hip.
What am I saying?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, you would not keep a Derringer in your purse.
There is no universe of all the infinite multiverses
that exist throughout the string of oblivion.
There is no universe that exists where this is actionable
because you done checked out this girl's open purse
while she wasn't looking and that's a crooked move, man.
No, no.
She told him to put something in there.
But you don't want to go Columbo.
You don't want her to think that it's like a fact-finding-
Just one last thing.
There's only a wallet in there.
There's a wallet in there.
One last thing.
Let me throw this out.
Is it possible that she said that she forgot her wallet
because instead she did not have the funds
in her bank account to cover this?
And rather than say, oh no, I'm broke.
She just went-
That's why this is an actionable information.
Yeah, that could be the case, Travis.
In which case you'd be history's greatest monster.
Congratulations.
You're a real dick.
So I'm saying that, you know, if it went well otherwise-
Okay, I want to roll it back for a moment though.
I understand when you say she pulled the,
I forgot my wallet.
What was the dialogue leading up to that
that she felt the need to volunteer that information?
I did think that too, Travis.
Have you guys not ever-
I guess I should start from the bottom and work my way up.
Have you guys been on a date before?
Yeah, but was there a point where a question asker said,
you're going to pay for this, right?
No.
Or we're going to split it?
Dummy.
That's probably not how it happened.
It was probably more like the end of the meal came.
There's this awkward moment where if it's your first date,
there are so many sexual politics to figure out
who is going to pay.
By the way, split it every single time,
which is I imagine what happened.
She went to get in her purse and said,
oh, I forgot my wallet.
Oh man, actually in this scenario, she lied to you.
Yeah.
She definitely did lie to you
unless she thought she forgot her wallet.
How big was this wallet?
Because he said he saw the wallet in the purse.
If the purse was gigantic and the wallet was very tiny,
but if the purse was only slightly larger
as to only allow the whole thing of the wallet-
The purse didn't have anything in it
when she went to look in it, right?
She opened up the purse, no wallet in there.
Oh shit, I've been carrying around an empty wallet.
You would think that maybe she would have felt that.
Again, an issue that definitely would have been solved
if you had a clutch,
but let's go ahead and ignore that part
of the equation real quick.
Where was the wallet?
It was in her fanny pack.
Later on, she realized her mistake
and was very embarrassed.
Transferred the wallet from the fanny pack
to the empty purse and then realized her faux pas,
then decided to put together this test
of Solomon's wisdom for you.
Had you, gave you permission to look inside of her purse,
putting the ball in your court,
do you love this woman?
Do you love this woman enough
to look over this possible transgression?
Because if the answer is yes, the truth will out,
the truth will be exposed,
it was a mistake the entire time she didn't lie to you.
This woman is how I met your mother,
end of series, series of what?
I am, I don't think the right move is to bring this up.
There are too many variables to consider and-
Not really, I kind of just outlined the whole thing,
didn't I?
I think I am a little bit unnerved by this-
Purse that only has one thing in it?
What is she doing?
Get a clutch.
You don't have any starlight mints or ticket stubs.
I'm not crazy about, first off,
you know this question asker is lying
because I've never seen a person with one thing in it,
ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever.
By definition, purses have a hundred things in them.
If I had a purse, it would be loaded to the brim
with every, oh man, I wish I-
I would have so many Milky Way minis in there.
Anyway, I am a little concerned about this person
running a grift on their first date.
I don't like that.
I think that it's a little weird
that the first time out of the gate,
you're running a grift.
Yeah, I also need to know, was this an online date?
Because let me tell you the statistics.
Of all the online first dates there are,
do you know what the percentage of dates
that don't make it to date three?
What?
It's a hundred.
It's a hundred percent.
A hundred percent.
It's a hundred percent.
We're talking about a quick turnaround on these bad boys.
We're talking about two ships passing.
So what about the people that get married
from people they met online match.com?
Is that they just get married on date two?
Not, they don't exist.
Where have you met people like that?
On match.com commercials.
That's right.
Do you guys think it's weird?
I'm trying to get to the bottom of this still.
There is a lot to unpack.
Do you think it's weird that on their first date,
this woman asked her her beau to put her suitor
to put something in her purse?
Yeah.
I don't want to out you dude,
but I don't think that happened.
I think you peed their purse.
You snooped a poop.
You sneaky creep.
You know he did because there's no woman alive
who would be like, thank you for paying for dinner.
And could you put these mints into my purse?
I don't know you or really anything about you.
You may be an incredibly violent human,
but go ahead and look in my little chest of secrets here.
Go ahead and look right in there.
In fact, if you want to stick your filthy paw,
I don't know where that paw has been
because I don't fucking know you.
Go ahead and put that in my treasure prize.
Go look in that place that holds the secret to that one lie
that I definitely remember telling you earlier.
Also, I don't want to JFK this,
but like what position?
Where were she standing?
You standing in the purse placement.
That she could hand you something that you could put
in the purse that she couldn't reach her full.
A single fluorescent light bulb hung overhead.
You got a direct 90 degree stare down in this bad chasm.
What's in there?
How intense was this game of Twister
that she could not come get put in her purse?
Maybe it was like a direct challenge.
She was like, put the lipstick in the purse.
And you're like, no, that's not how to put it in the purse.
The purse does contain my wallet,
which occupies every square inch of space within the purse,
except one lipstick size cavity.
And it's up to you to find out where that is.
Go ahead and root around in there for five to 10 minutes.
Oh no, my secrets.
Yeah, I don't know.
When did this date turn into legends of the hidden temple?
You have to uncover.
Ah, temple guard.
No, like I said.
No, that's just the waiter who is also a temple guard.
This is a weird restaurant.
Man, I got, there's nothing actionable.
Like there is too much going on here.
I think you need to just scrap this and start again.
No, I say you go set a date and see how it plays out,
but be ready to j'accuse her.
Oh shit, no, wait, grift her back.
Double grift.
Double grift, that's the only-
I forgot your wallet.
If you really like this girl,
you need to come to terms with this woman is a grifter.
And the only way she's going to respect you
is if you grift her back in a big, big way.
You gotta take it over the top.
You know what I mean?
God, this is the start of like
the greatest Match.com commercial ever.
Yeah.
I met John because his profile said that he was interested
in taking care of dogs and fostering pets.
And so I stole like $15,000 from him on day three.
We're married now.
And this dumb fuck didn't even see it coming.
So now we're married.
Take it from me.
The waiter was my husband and he stole the credit card numbers.
Match.com has been the site of more grifts.
Okay, Cupid is where you go if you want to fuck.
And Match.com is where you go if you want to get fucked
and lose all of your money, lose all your savings.
What is- what's Living Social?
Is that a dating site?
Maybe that's for long cons.
No, that's- I'm sorry.
That's like a Groupon-esque deal site.
Okay.
Let's run a grift of our own in the money side.
The grift is Hulu.com.
It's a website.
And really what we're going to do-
I don't think we're going to say that about Hulu.
No, here's the thing, you and me and Dupree and our audience
are going to run a grift on the money side.
Run a grift on Hulu.
Now, you know Hulu Plus.
They're sponsoring.
They're responsible.
Just hear me in the end, okay?
Do they have you, me, and Dupree on Hulu Plus?
It's impossible to say.
You can watch your favorite TV shows like SNL,
Jimmy Kimmel Live, Shark Tank, and Scandal.
I just watched Shark Tank on Hulu today.
Thank you.
There's old episodes you can binge on.
Lost, Doctor Who, Community.
Hulu Plus is a service that lets you watch all this stuff
for just $7.99 a month.
There's a bunch of ad-free movies, kids content,
tons of great stuff on there for just $7.99 a month.
But here's the grift.
Are you ready for the grift?
I should also mention there's Hulu Originals,
like The Wrong Manson, Behind the Mask.
But here's the grift.
You're going to go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother
and you're going to get two weeks for free.
That's right.
At HuluPlus.com slash my brother,
you can get two weeks for free.
Run the grift on Hulu Plus.
They're begging for it.
They left this back door open for you.
Stick it right in there.
Stick it right in their back door.
Stick it to Corpo and just take all this premium original
and syndicated television programming for free for two weeks.
Yeah, it's for free.
Yeah, but really, make sure you check out Behind the Mask
because it's a former costumed character.
Oh, shit.
It's so true.
They did not get us up in the mix.
No.
Like, hey, so when you played Cowabunga,
how many kids tried to touch your cow dick?
Like 18.
All of the kids.
How is your dirt?
My dirt is deep.
It's deep, deep, deep in there.
I've been trying to get at it, but it's in my folds.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
You can't get in there with liquids.
Can't do it.
I try, man.
And I've gotten the full fucking, what was that, guys?
Andy Kaufman.
You know what I mean?
I used to like swallow a cheesecloth
and like just like get in there.
Yeah.
I've been giving him the old college, but it's tough.
I bet my buddy Travis has a solution for you.
Guess who's back?
Stack Soap is back.
Put your soap in my soap.
That's right.
Stack Soap's the only soap with a divot in it
so you can take the stupid sliver that you get
at the end of soap bar usage and put it right in the divot.
It's infinite soap.
It's better than ever.
Tell me about the new versions.
Peppermint, jasmine, and unscented.
There is nothing better than minty soap.
Nothing.
It is the most refreshing.
I popped a bar into the bathrooms at work.
It was like down to that stupid sliver.
It was down to the nub in like a week.
Everybody was jamming on it so hard.
And then I just popped it right into the new soap.
That's how Stack Soap works.
And everybody's mind was blown.
They just fell down on the floor shaking, crying.
It's amazing.
It's a miracle.
Get it for people this Christmas.
It makes a great gift and you're really going to free people out
because they may not have heard of it before.
And then you're going to seem like a real sharp person.
You can get them at Whole Foods in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Washington, DC, Virginia, Kentucky, and South New Jersey.
Now that is the best way to do it because if you get it there
then Whole Foods will start carrying it to other stores.
But if you buy that shit on Amazon, it doesn't give a fuck about Stack Soap.
No, but if you're not in any one of those places,
Amazon's the way to go.
Yeah.
And you can get it there.
Go to StackSoap.com.
You can get all the info, but we love Stack Soap.
They're our early sponsor of our show and they have helped make it possible for a long time.
So go to StackSoap.com.
Buy it for people you love or people that you hate.
That stink.
That stink like you do.
Shitty, shank heads.
All right, this next message is from Mary Ricks.
I'm going to break it down for a minute.
Okay.
The next message is from Mary Ricks.
It's from Blaine Flowers.
Happy birthday to my amazing wife.
I wanted to get you a unicorn, but they were out of stock at Bed Bath & Beyoncé.
I hope this message delivered by the world's top experts on God's most beautiful creatures
will do the trick instead.
All of the love, Blaine.
Do we have any metric for knowing how bad we fucked this up and how much we miss this
birthday by?
Yes, we've missed her birthday by 11 to 12 days.
That's not bad, guys.
I think that's a bit under our average actually.
So 11 to 12 days of shipping on this birthday wish.
I appreciate all these Jumbotron messages.
It truly is amazing to me that like our listeners care enough about the show that they like
give us money just to say people's names out loud.
Like that's fucking crazy to me.
And I am truly very thankful for that on this very thankful week.
But stop asking us to do birthdays.
How about birth months from now on?
Because that's something I bet we can nail the birth month thing.
We're kind of fuck ups, but I think we can get that right at least.
And you should know that it's not always our fault, except it almost always is.
Sometimes it's no one's fault.
Sometimes it's just chronology of time.
Yeah, you know, always trying to fuck us.
Something Mary knows something about.
Just keeps on a marching, doesn't it, Mary?
It's all right.
You hang in there.
There's another message for Ian Clowery from Patty Kavanagh.
I want to wish a happy 30th birthday to my buddy Ian from Wexford in Ireland.
He turned me on to NBNBAM and I thought a personal message would be a nice thing to do.
And nothing says personal like three dudes thousands of miles away wishing you a happy birthday.
Maybe now that maybe now that you're 30, you can finally grow out that beard like mine from Patty.
There's something a little better than a birthday wish that comes with a little bit of intimidation.
Yeah, just right at the end, like, and also you got a shitty beard.
Also, your beard is bullshit.
Happy B-Day, which does not stand for beard because you're an idiot.
Maybe you want it.
You can touch my beard if you want to just this once because it's your birthday.
You gotta get some of that testosterone rub.
Put it directly to the face.
Go ahead, Justin with this jingle, please.
Subway hacks.
See, I was imagining something a little bit more like Americana.
Something a little like Springsteenian.
Little diddy, but Subway hacks.
Yeah, something down in that red is Subway hacks.
You know what I mean?
You like sandwiches on the cheap, Subway hacks.
I think Travis should be in charge of jingles for Subway hacks.
I think he's got a better grasp.
I'm in touch with the people.
I know real America.
Subway hacks.
Always.
Getting extra cut, getting extra couple inches on that $5 footlong.
It's Subway hacks for American, American lunch.
Cold cuts, cutting corners with Subway hacks.
You know them motherfuckers got mozzarella cheese.
You just gotta ask for it.
Take it from your pal Garth Brooks.
Subway hacks.
I'm out of retirement to do this bit.
There's one more project I always dreamed about working on
and it's a fake jingle for a podcast for a segment of it.
Subway hacks.
Gotta catch them all, Subway hacks.
Call them Baton Rouge.
Oh, I got friends behind glass counters.
Faith Hill's got a mean and insatiable hunger for Subway sandwiches.
And the only way I can feel it is with their sponsorship, Subway hacks.
Also at some point I became Tim McGraw apparently instead of Garth Brooks.
Oh no, I've exposed the fact that Faith Hill left Garth Tim McGraw.
Fuck, they're all the same.
God damn it.
They're all just a bunch of fucking slack shod yokels
wearing the same fucking hats and playing the same three chords.
God damn it.
What's wrong with you?
Subway hacks.
Always ask for spinach as the first topping.
They'll try to trick you by asking lettuce or tomato, but stay focused.
And by saying spinach and tomato instead,
they will give you as much nutritious expensive spinach
as they would icy cheap lettuce instead of a measly five leaves.
And add a bonus, when you later add lettuce to your sandwich,
they will flash you a look of defeat as they're now a card carrying member
of a secret Subway hacking society.
That's from Victor.
This is obviously a very tremendous valuable tip
that's going to save all of our listeners thousands of dollars every year.
But I don't know that I would call any scenario
that results in me eating more spinach as a successful hack.
Yeah, I think you have been hacked.
It's not about the action, it's about the outcome, Griffin.
It's that you can then just throw the spinach away in front of them.
This hack will get you two giant free fistfuls of lima beans.
Like, cool.
I could not hack it and then not hack those.
By the way, sir, I hate to call Victor out here,
but I think once I've got one vegetable on my sandwich,
I'm already pretty proud of myself.
I don't think I need to show off by putting two on there.
I just have to assume you're announcing that loudly to the audience
or maybe calling your wife to tell her
how many cookie points you earned
by getting both spinach and lettuce on your sandwich.
Cookie points.
Does Subway let you redeem cookie points yet?
Is that an actionable currency yet?
No, not yet.
We'll get that going.
This next one's from Chelsea T.
Who says it is cheaper to order a veggie sandwich
and pay to add ham than it is to buy a ham sandwich.
If you want, you can ask for a clump of cookie dough instead of a cookie.
You can also ask them to put the cookies in the toaster for 30 seconds
and the chocolate chips get all gooey and great.
No, no, no, I can't do a fucking hack
that requires me to like get this poor Subway engineer
to do extra work and like hold up the line.
All right, first off, first off, they're artists, all right?
They're not just cobblers putting together sandwiches
free of any sort of artistry.
These are artists.
You're right, my apologies.
I want to say this, though, that if you are the dude in line at Subway
and they're like, would you like a cookie with that?
And say, no, what I want is a lump of dough.
And if you could ask them to toast a regular cookie
and you can ask for a lump of cookie dough,
can you ask for a lump of cookie dough
and ask them to cook it right in front of you?
I really want a cookie, but I want to be there for the process.
I have to see that it's free range.
I have to see.
I want to be all up in every step.
I have to see that it's a cruelty free cookie.
I'm sorry.
And the best comedians in the English speaking world for international waters.
Go to maximumfun.org or look for us in the iTunes store.
I'm a guy in his early 20s.
Oh, you got a Yahoo, don't you?
I do, I got a few.
This Yahoo was sent in by Meredith Mahan.
Thank you, Meredith.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Voltorb8787.
Thank you, Voltorb.
Who asks, are double ghosts real?
I know regular ghosts are real.
Wait, hold on real quick.
Yep.
I want to guess what he means before you say it.
Why don't you write it down on a piece of paper?
Okay, wait, hold on.
I'm going to type it into the Skype window.
Keep going.
Okay.
I know regular ghosts are real.
I want Travis to type it first.
I'm sorry.
This has become much more important to me than the question.
Okay.
It's a fun little metagame that really none of our listeners are going to be able to enjoy,
but we'll see.
I also enjoy it afterwards.
He is a slow type.
I know, Jesus Christ.
Are you just hunting and pecking?
Yes.
Okay.
This is actually two guesses, Travis, which is kind of bullshit.
Well, it's double ghosts, so double guess, bitch.
All right, Griffin, go ahead.
Are double ghosts real?
I know regular ghosts are real.
My cousin said that a ghost could die and be a double ghost,
and the ghost's connection to the spirit world is stronger and it's more powerful.
See, I would think it would be weaker.
Why is that?
Well, because the ghost already can't manifest as much as a human being is,
so you would think then the second ghost would be even flimsier than the ghost.
See, we're getting into some Channel 101 prison-prison break territory right now.
The prison inside the prison where prisoners go for breaking the rules.
We are really getting fucking deep down in it.
There's different planes, right?
There's got to be different...
God, I just watched Poltergeist.
I just watched Poltergeist. I feel like they address this.
The problem is, is that how deep does that rabbit hole go?
Can you have triple ghosts?
Well, eventually there's just going to be one ghost in the deepest verse, right?
Unless you're talking about like a ghost, like quintuple ghost murder suicide.
Well, you can have a quintuple ghost because that's how God was born.
God's a quintuple ghost.
I don't...
But where did he come from?
You know what I mean?
That's always a good question, isn't it?
Whoa, it's a real chicken and egg kind of thing, isn't it?
Yeah.
How would you...
What if each time...
Okay, what if each time the ghost died and came back, they were just 1% smaller?
Okay, I like this.
But then, okay...
But also 1% denser.
And so then eventually you get like a dark matter kind of thing, right?
Where you have a very tiny but very dense ghost.
That ghost is going to be super A, easy to eat, B, delicious.
Ghosts are going to eat the fuck out of smaller ghosts.
So you're saying like once that process, once a ghost is being eaten by other livelier,
I guess, for lack of a better adjective, ghosts, they get super fucking fat.
I bet you guys...
No, not fat.
Dense.
You know what I bet, guys?
I bet that Pac-Mens have protests about people creating quadruple ghosts for eating
because it's cruel to ghosts.
Oh, shit.
I didn't even think about that shit.
Pinky and Bunky and Inky and all those dudes.
They've got to be like trillions upon trillions of layers deep.
They're like foie ghosts and they have been raised, farm raised, killed multiple, multiple,
multiple times to be the most delicious to the residents of Pac-Land.
Yeah.
How do you kill a ghost though?
That is a huge question that I have been struggling with.
I feel like in my encounters...
If I know one thing from Final Fantasy, you cast cure on them.
Yeah, that definitely hurts their HP.
But it's more of a banishment.
I feel like you can only banish a ghost.
I feel like killing a ghost...
Well, you can bust them.
You know what I mean?
You can also shame them.
That's really just a containment, isn't it?
I mean, ghosts aren't being busted so much as they're just being imprisoned.
The whole thing's a misnomer.
Well, when you bust them...
Imprisoning makes me feel good.
It's sort of like when you're on the basketball court and someone does an ankle breaker and
dribbles around you and they busted you.
You got busted.
You know what I mean?
So it's embarrassing.
So you've also embarrassed the ghost.
Could a ghost be ill and recover or be mortally wounded but not die?
You can't be mortally wounded if you're already dead.
It doesn't make any sense.
That's what I'm saying.
You could be immortally wounded.
Whoa.
Like Highlander.
That's tricky though.
Griffin, can you read the question again real quick?
Sure.
Are double ghosts real?
Did you need more or just the synopsis?
I know regular ghosts are real.
My cousin said that a ghost could die and be a double ghost.
I just wanted to stop you right there and point out that this guy has the sweetest cousin ever.
This guy is cousin-ing so hard and that is exactly what a cousin should be doing.
Not only reinforcing your own dumb belief in ghosts,
but expanding your horizons on what a ghost can be.
Because one of two things is going on.
Either that cousin just went back to his friends like,
oh my god, you guys, I totally told Todd that ghosts could die.
Or that cousin is Stephen Hawking.
There are some people who responded to this question
and the tone of their answers possess a level of certainty
with which I speak about like the deliciousness of cinnamon toast crunch
or the fact that the sun rises in the morning.
They are so so certain that they have solved this conundrum.
Like for instance, you can't die twice.
A ghost can only stay in its current state or move on to the other side, one word,
accepting that it is no longer part of the physical world.
If the ghost crosses over, they become a spirit,
which is the soul's natural state.
In that sense, the spirit would be more powerful
because it would no longer be tied to the physical realm
or to its own past anymore
and would also obtain knowledge and support from the other side.
So it sounds like being a ghost is kind of a shit deal.
Yeah, I thought something I want to sign up for.
Yeah, but I mean, how is that any different from how we used to speak
with certainty about the sun revolving around the earth?
You're saying ghost technology hasn't come far enough for research.
I'm just saying that, listen, you can believe with your mind all you want.
You got to believe with your heart.
And I believe ghosts can die and come back with my heart.
That doesn't make it true, Travis.
I believe with my heart.
Listen, he's got mustard seed faith in his heart
about his hypothesis of ghost murder.
Let's just let it be
because we're obviously not going to be able to change his mind about it.
Travis, are you set in your ways?
No, because it's not in my mind, it's in my heart.
Right, in your mustard heart.
Is there anything I can say to you to change your mind?
You can show me a ghost who hasn't died.
I'm sure there are tons of ghosts that haven't died
just in the same way that there are tons of humans who haven't died.
Show me.
Show you, right, you can't prove a negative.
Show you a human that hasn't died?
Yes.
Pierce Brosnan, Emilio Esteves.
We're getting off track.
Courtney Love.
You're using me with your logic.
Me.
What are your damn science?
The heavens opened up and juicy crust came down from heaven above
and said, Travis, ghosts can never die.
What would you say then?
I know, because I invented them.
I invented ghosts.
I would say that I was an American and I would wait to hear from our Jesus.
Which Jesus?
Jeezy Creasy.
Yes, I can't argue with that.
I'm a guy in his early 20s.
In an effort to step out of my comfort zone,
I recently started taking Zumba classes in secret.
However, through sheer bad luck, I found out my boss,
who happened to be randomly walking by the studio I go to,
caught a glimpse of me shaking my bodacious booty.
Now my entire team knows.
How can I play this off effectively and still save face?
That's from Crumping in Columbus.
And you'll be happy to know the question asker
has gone through the trouble of making the Columbus with a K.
You have got to lean into it.
You have got to lean into it.
Just like-
Are you gonna be still the butt of jokes
when you have got just like an incredible Zumba crafted body?
No, you'll be the envy of the whole office pool.
I'm saying show up like full jazzercise outfit.
Whoa, you're saying like develop an entire identity around Zumba.
Yeah.
You become Mr. or Mrs. Zumba.
Because here's the thing, they can only make fun of you.
They can only make you the center of the butt of the joke,
as long as you let them.
You have to show them that it doesn't bother you.
You have to show them that it doesn't bother you.
Are you saying-
And keep drinking your milk.
You own the Zumba.
You become Dr. Zumba.
Attorney at law.
It's worth it, man.
If this guy is an attorney, he can be like the David Comey of Austin, Texas.
The attorney, the caveman attorney that rocks.
And be the attorney that fucking undulates.
You're saying guy, but do we know if this is man or woman?
Says I'm a guy in the early 20s, so-
He does say guy, okay.
Yeah.
That's right.
Second, here's my question.
Is your boss fat?
Oh my God.
That would be sick.
Welcome to my new Spike reality show, Is Your Boss Fat?
You're watching Undercover Fat Boss.
Who's this new fat employee we have?
This new fat employee sucks at his job.
Why did we hire this new fat employee?
But I know it's our boss, because nobody's this fat.
Nobody's this fat except-
No, wait, what about Undercover Fat Boss?
You take a boss who's very skinny.
You take him away for six months and fatten him up,
and then bring him back as the boss again.
Hey, hey, Gordo.
Do you have a good trip?
Jesus Christ, this guy.
Did you eat all the pigs in Hawaii?
Fat fuck.
Wait a second.
I see the seams.
Are we on Undercover Fat Boss right now?
Man, this show sucks dick.
Wait, I'm not signing any waivers.
I don't want my personal brand associated
with this bullshit TV show.
I got a brand to maintain.
I can't be seen on Undercover Fat Boss.
People give you trouble over you getting healthy.
Like, I guess if you can take it on the chin
and just let it roll off your back
and just wait for these fat fucks to die.
Because really, here, break it down.
Why would they make fun of that?
A, because you're a dude?
Well, that's sexist.
B, because they think it's stupid?
Well, that's judgmental.
And they're probably not healthy
because they think exercise is stupid.
Or C, they're just judgy assholes.
Like, what does it matter?
You're not doing anything wrong.
It's not like they caught you doing something shameful.
I don't think it's sexist so much as it's zumbist.
Because I think it would alter my perception of man or woman
if I knew that they were into zumba.
Not in a bad way.
It just changes my outlook.
I traded in my iPod for a zumba a long time ago,
and I don't regret the decision.
I actually bought a zumba to clean my floors
when I wasn't home.
I got a zumba.
No, go ahead.
Keep it rolling.
I got zumbas.
It locks my car.
So I think that every dude that gives other dudes shit
for how good they are at dancing
is absolutely jealous of the fact that this person
is very good at dancing.
Oh, yeah, it's such insecurity.
Like, there are very few things that I think that about.
I think that there are people that harbor prejudices
against certain activities,
and thus they give people a guff over those activities.
Dancing, I do not think, is one of them.
You see, like, fucking Savion Glover,
like, just destroying it.
You can't be like, look at this dude fucking tap dance.
No, no, like, the most uncultured human being alive.
I always said Gregory Peck, but I think I'm behind.
I think you think Gregory Hines.
You ever seen Gregory Peck dance?
God, get it out of his finch.
He can probably, he can probably move it.
I mean, not anymore, obviously.
But the same charge could be leveled
at Gregory Hines, fellow dead person.
You think they have a dance in double heaven.
God, there's only one thing that could make
ghost Gregory Hines better at dancing
is if he was a double ghost.
I don't want to, I don't want to commit this theory to paper,
but both Gregory Peck and Gregory Hines passed away in 2003.
I think that they are, if they have gone through the path,
the multi-ghost pass, I think they're probably
at about the same level.
Best Greggs.
Best Greggs forever and ever into oblivion.
You guys want Yahoo?
Sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Hilary Armstrong.
Thanks, Hilary.
It's by Yahoo!
who answers user Megan, who asks, what are the tactical demands
in badminton?
Good question.
Doing an assignment in BTE-C sport
and really stuck on this question.
Help.
No idea what BTE stands for.
BTE?
C.
BTE-C.
BTE-C.
BTO.
BTE.
It's taking care of business.
I think it's badminton, tennis, electro, and cart.
So it's a new bad-ass sport that blends the best elements
of those four.
Yes.
Please repeat the question.
What are the tactical demands in badminton?
You got to take out the weak first.
It's not Hunger Games.
You understand that.
It's like, it's like-
You got to outlast, outsmart, outplay, outdance.
Travis, you confused the survivor.
You got to say shuttlecock without laughing.
I think you got to do a lot of things in this sport
without laughing.
You know that?
OK, you know that move where you kind of wind up like you're
really just going to smash the shit out of the shuttlecock,
but then you just kind of tap it over the net?
There's that move.
OK, so I have a theory that everybody is, at least,
every sport has claimed at least one life, right?
Football, definitely.
Baseball, almost certainly.
Baseball, definitely.
Baseball, definitely.
Yeah, I killed that kid's mom in Owen Meany.
What?
No.
No, hockey, sure, definitely.
You're talking about slippery, slippery foot knives.
Badminton, I think is the exception to the rule.
I do not think a badminton in any measure-
Let me, let me paint you a picture.
Could possess lethality.
Because obviously the first consideration-
OK, they go, wait, they go for a power spike, power spike,
shuttlecock, someone's opening their mouth saying,
I got it, shuttlecock, down the throat, choking to death.
But no, you can't-
Time look won't work because it's got the spines on the net.
It's a safety pop, Travis.
It's covered in a-
It's got a giant rigid net on the end.
That's just-
No, that's what I'm saying.
That's what lodged it in the throat.
Nobody has a throat big enough to get that stuck in there.
Nobody does.
Not anymore.
Back in the day, you must have used to have a much thinner,
smaller girth cock.
Don't you fucking laugh.
Don't you laugh at that.
Don't.
A person lost their life because of that cock.
So Justin just linked this fucking badminton forum.
Sorry for speaking out of turn, everybody,
because someone definitely died of a heart attack
while playing badminton.
But listen, if I was playing badminton-
No, if I-
Justin serves the internet.
All right.
It's a fun part of the show.
But if I was playing badminton,
somebody ran onto the court and stabbed me to death,
that's not a badminton related injury.
Because there's no way that you could-
Nobody's worked up a sweat playing fucking badminton.
You know what I mean?
Like the physical strenuousness of this task
did not cause this person to keel over and fucking die.
It's impossible.
Mythbusters?
Myth busted.
We don't need to send this to those guys.
We can do this shit ourselves.
We can DIY this myth bust.
Hey, we've been relying on mythbusters for too long, America.
It's time we take this matter into our own hands.
Nobody has ever died playing badminton
because nobody moves playing badminton
and everything is made out of unkillable materials.
Can't be done.
Can't be done.
The rackets weigh like half a gram.
Can't be done.
What if you-
Oh, okay.
What if you were running too fast,
you slipped, hit the net, decapitated?
Nobody runs while playing badminton.
It's little kid tennis.
Okay, okay.
You're playing badminton.
There's a light sprinkle of dew upon the ground.
You slip, you fly backwards.
I accidentally hit you with my racket.
You did.
Why are you on my side of the badminton court?
Because we're playing doubles.
What if you make a bet with the person you're playing against?
If they lose, they have to eat their whole racket.
That's good.
Or if they lose, you get to kill their wife.
We're going to play badminton and whoever loses
gets killed by the other person.
It's the most dangerous game to the sequel.
Hey, listen, we liked your first book.
I don't know so much about this new one.
It is kind of implausible.
You're playing badminton, right?
You go back.
I'm not.
So that's like, I guess, step one.
Like, let me undo this theory
because I'm definitely not playing badminton.
Okay, person A is playing badminton
and person B has hit the shuttlecock into a high arc.
You're scooting back to get it.
You knock over the grill.
You set the house on fire.
Oh, sleeping grandma dead.
Why wouldn't you go get her?
Because playing badminton hardened you.
And plus you need to finish the game.
I want to thank you guys so much for listening.
Sorry, we can't move on from the fact
that Travis is just painting a picture of two people
who are so fucking into their badminton game
that not only will they allow themselves
to lose every piece of property they own,
they will allow their grandmother to fucking die.
They'll allow their grandmother to fucking die.
It's two out of three and they're tied one, one.
Oh man, this actually does sound like a clutch scenario.
Can I put money on this game?
Sorry, Travis made it up.
Thank you so much for listening to our show.
We hope you had a lot of fun.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show
like Slammer of Jams, David Pemberton,
Chetur, Ricardo, Andre, Chris Spain,
JP Erickson, Pizza Lawyer, Blaine Flowers.
Gotta say a huge, huge thank you to Agent O'Hara,
Tyler Crowley, who made another delightful
NBNB AM cartoon.
If you want to see that, it's about Horsey.
You can go to our Twitter feed.
It's Twitter.com slash NBNB AM.
We tweeted it recently.
So go look at that and follow us while you're there.
Why not?
You've earned it.
I also want to remind everybody
to make sure you check out HuluPlus.com.
Get the free two week trial.
Just go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
Two weeks for free, man.
In there, you can watch like,
make sure you can check out The Wrong Man.
You can check out Behind the Mask.
Tons of originals, all your favorite shows.
If I had to recommend one outside of that,
check out that Mitchell and Webb look
or Supersizers Go.
Both of them are British shows that are hilarious.
If you like this show, you'll like that.
Yeah, it's awesome.
ANTM 2.0, you can watch all that.
Boys in the House.
Did you finish it, Juice?
No, not yet.
I got kind of behind because I made me bored.
I don't know what it was.
I'll get back on it.
Out of your fucking mind?
Is that everything we have to do?
Griffin, you have to thank
John Rodgers and the Lawn Renders
for the use of the theme song
as a departure off the album.
Put in your days to bed.
Do you know how fucking shitty I feel
that I can't go see them in concert?
I mean, I could, but like,
I would have to like fly to the Pacific Northwest
and I don't think I have.
I don't think I can.
And then there's the restraining order.
There is the restraining order.
Go to maximumfun.org.
You can find all the shows on our network
like Jordan, Jesse, Go, Judge, Ron, Hodgman.
Stop podcasting yourself.
I have a medical history podcast
with my wife called Saw Bones.
You can listen to that.
And you can check out Wham Bam Pow.
That's the action sci-fi movie podcast
with Cameron Esposito, Rhea Butcher,
Ricky Carmona.
Check out Bullseye.
There's so much good stuff.
Just go get it.
Go get it all.
And make sure you join us
next Monday for another episode of NBNB AM.
But until that time,
Griffin McElroy is here to take us away.
Guys, my kitty just broke into my office.
Adorable.
What are you doing here, you little thief?
Well, now he's stuck inside.
I wish I could share him with our listeners.
This Yahoo was sent in by Aaron McVicker.
Thanks.
Oh, just one second.
This, thank you, Aaron McVicker.
It's by Yahoo answer to user Kelvin who asks,
where is a good place to eat if you like to watch
old people spill stuff?
Oh, I'm just a McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Get your popcorn.
It's more better than my brother, Marie, isn't it?
Kiss him.
Pretty close.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Justin, what are you doing?
Uh, strapping a chicken in my arm.
Heard there's some plague out west,
so I just wanted to, you know, kind of get out ahead of it.
Justin, if you'd ever listened to our medical history podcast,
Sawbones, where we talk about everything from trepanation
to bloodletting, you would know that that is a ridiculous idea
and it will never work.
Sawbones, I haven't caught it.
Sawbones?
Yes, it's every Friday on the Maximum Fun Network
and we record it together.
You a doctor or something?
No.
Yes.
