The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Live from the spot, rough and raw, at our daddy's house. We're at our daddy's house.
Let me check the date. I just opened up the calendar. It's pasta party 2011.
Welcome to our daddy's house. We're live from our daddy's couch.
Let me check this. Let me check the spaghettometer,
because it looks like we're going full blown pasta.
Spaghettiton. Spaghettagettin' 2011.
As you well know, as you've probably guessed, we had a- we carbo-loaded pre-show
here in Ironton. Our stepmom Carol fed us a bunch of spaghetti.
We're fucking primed for calling it spaghetti.
She looked down at us and said, you're not fucking funny enough,
eat some more spaghetti. She shoved spaghett-
fistful after fistful of sweet spaghett into my mouth.
I am ready to blow. Noodle up, you unfunny fucks.
It's time to get spaghett. You got spaghett.
Spaghett, you fucker. You got spaghettin'.
For real though, rough and raw, I know people have become accustomed
to a certain level of editing juice applied to this show.
This is not going to be one of those apps that's going to be rough, raw.
Just cut it, set it, forget it.
We are gathered around one mic. The last time we did this,
two of us were jet lagged. And I was drunk.
And Travis was drunk. So it's not going to be like this.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
I am your most excellent eldest brother, Justin McElroy.
And I am the middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm Griffin. And I'm a child.
This is an advice show. We take your questions and turn them into advice.
I am drinking a red stripe,
since this show is coming to you straight from the islands.
I've got a red stripe going, and an amber brown.
No, honey brown. Excuse me, pardon me.
Travis got a beer before we started, and then said,
I'm going to need a beer. He had a beer. He has a backup beer waiting.
So just so you guys know, if I need an extra burst of energy, you'll hear quiet.
And you'll know, because we'll draw attention to it.
Our first question.
At some point, also, our daddy's going to come in the room and take pictures of us.
No joke. And it's going to be super distraught.
It's going to throw us off whatever dope rhythm we're on.
So get ready for that moment.
I hope he's not at the...
If he is, if he comes through that door in the single tier,
because he just heard you said that, I'm never forgiving you.
I am getting married this summer,
and one of my groomsmen is getting married a few months after me.
He is having a very small destination wedding,
and has decided to specifically not give his friends plus ones,
even if they are married.
My soon-to-be wife is understandably upset about this.
Some people think she talked...
Oh, some people she talked to think that I should decline
to go to the wedding because she wasn't invited.
Ideally, I would like my fiancé to be invited,
but I also understand my friend's choice to not invite any plus ones,
given how small the wedding will be.
How can I support my good friend and my fiancé at the same time,
as from Tristan, not the marine?
Not the marine.
Tristan, Tristan, civilian Tristan.
Civilian Tristan, Civvy Trist.
Wow, that is...
Susan, you didn't want to go to Cabo anyway, right?
You were just talking the other week
about how much you hate destination weddings.
Don't take this personally,
but Derek specifically does not want you there.
It's a destination...
The destination is Des Moines.
It's not gonna be a big deal.
Man, that's brutal.
What a great way to start off your wedded life,
just pissing off everybody.
Yeah.
I honestly think that straight up...
You can't go.
I wouldn't go.
I mean, honestly, if they...
The thing about a wedding is,
as much as it is for you guys,
it's just as much, if not more so,
for the people that are sort of gathered there.
I know it's their special day and what all,
but I think that it is a slight.
I mean, it's like a...
It's especially...
It's like, because it's your friend
who's in your wedding saying,
whether he has thought about it or not,
saying, hey, I know you just got married
and are happily wedded for all of three months,
but you're gonna need to leave her behind.
Like that's a dick move.
Yeah, especially he's getting married
a few months after the question asked her.
So she's gonna be your wife when that happens.
You can't leave your wife behind,
especially, especially not if you're going someplace nice.
Like really, that is not the way to kick off your...
Destination weddings are the most whorish thing
you can do, right?
It's terrible already.
The only way it flies to me is if you invite no one.
If it's just like we were creepy sneaky
and we bolted out of there,
please come and give us presents in a big room.
What about webcast wedding?
Web casting.
Who's invited? Everyone.
Because everyone's got an internet connection nowadays.
You got Ustream on that phone?
You're invited?
Justin TV my wedding, please.
I'm happy to TV anyone's wedding, by the way.
It's for a very reasonable fee.
Thank you.
Honestly, Tristan, you are going to learn very soon
that choosing the side of your wife
is almost never not the right thing to do.
I'm not sure how my negatives are.
How fucked up is your friend that he's like,
I want you to come, but not your other half.
Not your better half.
And I say that kudos to you for realizing how big an influence-
God, you are ahead of the fucking game, bro.
Good job.
I'm proud of you.
See you, honey.
A worser man would have been like,
hey, did I remember to pack my trunks and my goggles,
but not my wife?
Okay, cool, I'm out.
Got the banana boat.
Don't have Barbara.
Don't got my SO, but-
Sorry.
Sorry, Tristan.
I know that's awkward.
But honestly, that's the kind of awkward
you can feel good about,
especially if you're going to be married.
You got to get used to-
You guys are a team now.
It's a package deal,
especially if you're going to be legally married.
It's not like she's your girlfriend.
It's a package deal.
It might be worth it to talk to your groomsman
and be like, hey, I'm bringing her.
And if he's like, well, it's a small wedding,
then say, okay, then I can't come.
Yeah, put that shit back on him.
Put that ball right back in his court.
Yeah, this is his decision to make.
It's you two or nothing.
On Mother's Day, I took my mom to an ice cafe in NYC for lunch.
After we finished eating, she needed to use the restroom.
However, there was a woman ahead of her on the line,
and both of them had to wait for a long time
for the occupant to finish,
even though the men's room remained unoccupied.
I told her she should just have used the men's room.
It was as clean as the women's.
The only difference between the two bathrooms
was the sign on the door.
They were both single toilet rooms,
so there was no danger of running into someone
of the opposite sex in the bathroom.
It's also fairly common for women to use the men's room
at an overcrowded bar.
Is it?
What is someone supposed to do in a situation like this?
Is the inverse true for men using the women's restroom?
It's from Jordan.
God, no.
No.
No to everything.
No to all of that?
No to everything.
I've...
Here's what's up.
Okay.
When you are a gentleman or a lady living and surviving
and just barely getting by on the skin of your teeth
and your charm alone with irritable bowel syndrome,
like when you see a wrong gender person in your right bathroom,
you get so fucking angry.
You get so angry because it's like...
For me, it's always an emergency.
So it's like I have to go right now, but I can't go.
There has to...
There better be a good...
There better be a goddamn great explanation for this.
I'm gonna counterpoint by saying I love using the ladies room.
And I was...
It's painted better.
It's cleaner.
It's weird how they have lounges sometimes.
Yeah, it's nice.
Better hand soap.
Are you being serious?
Yeah.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Is there a legal law that says you can't do that?
A legal law?
No.
Did someone take a bill to Congress and pass it with the president
that said you can't do that?
No.
It's just signs.
If you're in there with the intention of being a sneaky, creepy peeper,
I think that is illegal.
I call when I get rid of waste in the bathroom, I call it peeping.
So you'll have to be much more specific.
I'm always creepy about it.
What is the problem?
They're just holes.
What, your butt?
Your butt hole in people?
No, I mean, you're just...
Oh, like a lady's vagina?
No, like the holes that you leave the bad things in.
Like, they're just holes.
Like, what does it matter?
The turlet holes.
Why are you so adherent to society's rules is what I'm saying.
Because my...
Have you seen a little show called Ally McBeal?
Yeah.
Unisex bathrooms, my friend.
Sure, sure, sure.
Way for the future.
Ooga chaka.
I dig it.
But listen.
I'm just getting old.
Listen, listen, listen.
I'm really vain.
My worst fear, 100% of the time, even when I'm not peeping,
my worst fear is that someone's gonna walk in on me on the bathroom.
If I'm in the men's room and somebody walks in and sees my bits and everything
and like a full-grown poop coming out of me, like,
if a dude sees that, I am haunted.
I am aghast.
If a lady sees it, I will commit sex poop on the SPOT.
I'll tell you right now, the biggest fear is when I'm using the bathroom
in the ladies room and the handle jiggles.
Oh, yeah.
Like, they were trying...
Then you're trapped in this situation where you're like, oh no.
Yeah.
They're like, are you done?
And you're like, I am now.
I have the weight of the world on my shoulders now.
And then you gotta do a Mrs. Doubtfire style, like,
put the keg on your face and sneak out before they realize you're a dude.
I wanted to point something out real quick about bathrooms that made me laugh today.
Actually, yesterday it occurred to me.
I was at the movie theaters in the bathroom.
And for me, it does not get better than when two guys are in a bathroom
and one guy just toots like it's nothing.
Like, all of society's rules have, like, crumbled around him.
And there's nothing more hysterical than a guy dropping it.
Like, what?
What's up?
Check it.
Check.
Check that out.
Check what I just did for you.
What are you gonna say now?
What's up?
Whose rule is roost?
You guys want a yahoo?
Yeah, give it to me.
Uh, this spaghetti-fueled yahoo is brought to you by Nick Jensen.
Thank you, Nick Jensen.
And ragu.
Thank you, ragu.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Darcy B who says,
should I try out for my sweet 16 or 16 and pregnant?
Really think about it.
I really want my 15-minute fame, so I am going to try and get on MTV.
I was thinking maybe my parents could throw a big party for me
and I could appear on my sweet 16.
Although, if I sign up for 16 and pregnant, I could also go on Teen Mom afterwards.
This would give me more chance in the public eye.
Uh-huh.
So she's saying, should my parents throw me a big party or should I get knocked out?
Should I get pregnant and then get double fame?
Well, no, this is ridiculous.
This is so stupid.
Have the super sweet 16.
Announce during super sweet 16, by the way.
I'm gonna get knocked up.
I'm fucking on it.
No, make the super sweet 16 about knocking her out.
Like, the knocking up theme party.
So it's a super-duper sweet 16.
Yeah.
I think that in this high-pressure society, you have to try to get on as many TV shows as possible.
Absolutely.
So you're saying, could we do something?
Could we do, what's that?
You could do super sweet 16 and 16 and pregnant,
and also maybe you have a really challenging cake you need baked for your party.
And then you have to get on Cakebox.
What's the one where they make the real-ass little baby girls look like creepy-ass porcelain dolls?
That's not on MTV.
That's not on MTV.
We're talking single channel.
Single channel.
Here's what I'm suggesting.
X Factor.
True life, I'm a man in a woman's body.
Okay.
Then you switch it and you're-
No, no, no.
True life, I'm a woman in a man's body.
And then you do made.
At that point, you are an unofficial MTV VJ.
Right.
You're like the Jesse.
You're basically Sway at that point.
You're basically Sway.
And then what you want to do is get on super sweet 16 during the party, get knocked up.
Uh-huh. You're saying like chain it.
So like an entire like nine-year career.
A c-c-c-combo.
But I have to be honest, I'm not sure the human frame can withstand.
Can your frame handle the fame is my question.
Are you famous enough?
Actually, that is the plot to Real Housewives of New Jersey.
So they got that trademark.
Poor Sway.
He's doing his best.
His parents named him Sway.
What do you want from him?
A couple of weeks ago, one of my friends invited me to his bachelor party in Vegas.
However, about a week before we were supposed to leave,
he calls me and says that a couple of guys couldn't make it.
So they were going to reschedule it sometime during the summer.
On the day we're supposed to go to Vegas, I got a text from him that was meant for his fiancee
saying that they had got to the rooms in Vegas.
They're heading out to the casinos.
Should I confront him about this?
Do I even go to the wedding after I got royally dicked over?
Thanks, brothers.
That's from Sulking in San Diego.
So they gave this guy the fucking San Diego slip.
Became the San Diego slip, yes.
And then he doesn't, he doesn't.
What was the guy's fob after that?
Like, oh, I guess I canceled my bachelor party.
We're not having it anymore.
Now you don't get to come.
Well, what I love is I love that.
I love his optimism that he thinks his friend accidentally sent him that text.
Or is he maybe like, hey, surprise.
We're in our hotel rooms.
Hey, can you get to Vegas?
Like, dog, we live in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
I absolutely can't get down to Vegas.
No, we can't do that.
What's up with this show being the theme of dick friends?
Like, hey, of all the, hey, hey, hey, bachelor.
Hey, hey, hey, potential groom.
You fucked that text up the worst you could possibly do it.
We're also having a great time and so glad Bobby's not here.
Hey, honey, I'm getting, I'm getting my dick wet.
Oops, Bobby.
No, no.
No, you, why did I marry a girl named Bobby?
My good friend name.
So what do you think that?
So sulky in San Diego is just sort of the, he's like the uncool one in the group and
the group wanted to leave him behind or got a bad rap and like a bum rap.
You got a bum rap and I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you.
He's not.
I do one word rampage.
Okay.
Oh shit.
I like it.
Tell me more.
You're going to Vegas.
You're flipping tables.
I'm saying roll up to Vegas.
Sunglasses on cigarette.
That lit.
Gun loaded.
Chilling with rampage.
Chilling with Rampage Jackson, the fighter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Befriend all the pit bosses you can find and like say that guy over there.
Ocean's Eleven style, like huge con.
Try to steal his wedding.
Steal your dignity back.
No.
Steal the wedding.
Steal the wedding.
Now it's your wedding.
Are those carnations?
Gotta get them, Danny.
Oh, I like this sulking.
You are going to have to go A, full Ocean's Eleven, steal the wedding, hijack, heist,
loving it.
I got tiny Korean man.
He jumped through the window of the church, got the whole cake.
Is that in one joke?
Is that a priest?
Nope.
It's Scott Conn.
Casey Affleck is there.
We're not 100% sure in one capacity.
Scott Conn is actually a legal minister though.
Minister in the Presbyterian church.
A lot of people don't know that.
You guys want another Yahoo?
Yes, please.
Yes, please.
Uh, oh, God, I should have looked at these ahead of time.
How about this?
So I sent it by Jacob Locker.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Mark.
Thank you, Jacob Locker, for giving us this.
Mark asks, why is this woman farting on my wife at the gym?
Every time my wife and I go to the gym, a lady probably in her mid 40s decides to go
near her and fart the first few times.
My wife would give me a funny look and we would later laugh about it.
We'll get back to that.
But by the seventh or eighth time, my wife has become considerably annoyed.
She even said to the woman, excuse you.
And the woman completely ignored her, farted again, and then walked away.
Should we complain to the gym's management or could this lady have a problem?
It's strange that she only farts on my wife and no one else at the gym.
Have you checked around?
Did you ask?
What is you?
It qualifies as a fetish.
If after seven to eight times, all you're doing is saying, excuse you, that is not a
passive aggression is maybe the first time it happens or the half the half time it happens
because it's unacceptable.
And then they get punched right in the butt.
By seven or eight, we're at like restraining order and or butt punches.
Yeah.
By the second time, you should ask if you can pull down the front of their tank top
and puke down it.
Because I would like to know, can we rewind back to you?
I would like to know the look that has exchanged and I think this lady just farted on me.
Okay, that's that's that's the sticking point because stinking point.
A human being just expelled gas on your wife, on your betrothed.
And what you did was she looked at you like, no, like, okay, did you get?
This is going to be a fun story later.
Like, no, it isn't.
You got farted on.
That's gross and disrespectful.
I can't even look at you anymore.
Yeah.
How am I supposed to make love to you?
By the way, I want a divorce.
I need a divorce.
Thank you so much, exercise Debbie.
You're a bitch.
This question was asked two days ago.
How many more times is this woman going to continue to terrorize this couple?
It is one woman, right?
It's just one.
Is it like just one woman or is this one serial?
Dude is a Jack the Ripper.
She's got she's got some sort of crazy obsession.
Like fucking one hour photo with this white.
Instead of like jerking off the pictures of their family's photo,
she's farting on only the wife at the gym.
Cut it out, everybody.
Cut it out.
You just ruin the fun.
Yeah, at least go.
I want that Robin Williams fart on me all day long, which is I think pretty much what
he did during license to wed.
Is it is there a possible that this middle aged woman is Robin Williams in a way?
It's really good.
My favorite part of the email is she says, excuse you.
In a manner, it says, please leave.
And the woman's response is she farts once more and then tips.
Excuse me.
No, fuck you.
No, no, no, no.
She's a drive by tutor.
I think that's a down fire deep cut.
What's everyone's favorite line from what you say?
Bring them out.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, Jesus.
I like when you get your junior career to start to like slide right down that hill.
Griffin, let's we've been sitting on this couch and it's honestly it's made me a little
stir the pasta is actually settled heavy in my gut.
Yeah, it's made me a little stir crazy.
And it made me want to take a little journey with my two brothers.
Do you know where I don't know where we've already joined so much today.
So we've got a very happy birthday message to one.
Sherilyn is from her children, Eloise and Jordan, I hope they don't listen.
Well, they are four and two.
So they do listen.
Wow.
They either don't understand or they understand so deeply.
First of all, these kids have no idea who Robin Williams is.
We should actually have a you know, how how deaf people have an interpreter there.
We need something like that for kids like Robin Williams.
He's like he's like he's like Barney.
We get Robin Williams to interpret for himself.
This is how I relate to I'm like the he's the genie in Aladdin.
Well, there's that.
But I mean, even that might watch Aladdin, you know, the man you see on TV sometimes
and he looks like he's on his like third or fourth heart.
And also his hands are carpeted just related to death.
The synergy.
Yeah.
Okay.
So this from Sherilyn.
The message is from Jordan Eloise.
These kids are super fucking smart.
They're really they're emailing.
She is an editor of scientific documents, particularly for French scientists, which
means she's probably smarter than the whole couch.
Or a secret agent.
That sounds like a job that someone comes up with and like, oh, she edits science documents
for doesn't seem like that's every every role that Nicole Kidman has ever played in a movie.
I'm a science editor for French Sciences.
I'm not okay with you taking French science and giving it the old American spit shine.
Yeah, I would prefer that we keep our science here in our borders safe and sound.
Right.
We had to develop our science.
We had to develop it and you're just giving it away for free for France or whatever your
salary is.
What I'm saying is I'll pay your salary.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop doing it.
I'll put your kids through college.
So the little kids aren't listeners yet.
We hope that when they get to be older, they will be listeners.
And Sherilyn, of course, Sherilyn Woltrop, happy birthday to you.
We hope you have a great one.
Shit, because this just changed from a birthday message to a time capsule.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, kids.
I hope you're at least 16.
16.
So 12 years from now.
A good or a mature 14.
Oh, here comes daddy.
Very discreet.
Hold on.
Every smile.
It's a time capsule.
It's a time capsule for your kids.
And we're making a time capsule right now.
Oh, but my hair looks terrible.
Not a father.
So our other our other journey that we're taking to the money zone is our buddy James
Gowdy, who is who is I don't know if you see him.
He's active on the Twitter, active on the Twitter, constantly promoting the show and
on the beat.
He's on the beat because he's a police officer for the London Metropolitan Police, the Met
Police.
And he is going to be in B&B AM's resident policeman.
So he's British, right?
Yeah.
He's a Brit.
Brit.
They don't get guns, right?
They have all guns.
They are.
Their arms are guns.
Yeah.
They make them surgically replace their arms with guns and not like the chintzy.
Like, look at the gun gun.
You're saying, I mean, right.
He fires a pint of Guinness right into someone's face.
You can find him Gowdy James on Twitter if you if you'd like to follow him.
Everyone crush him.
Just crush him with followers.
And oh, he says I should throw in my English accent, too.
So here's what I think it sounds like when a British person is a cop, is a cop.
Hold on.
Wait, why don't I just play the song, the jingle, and you can sing British cop lyrics
over it.
You son of a bitch.
He's Gowdy, but she's not Gowdy.
She's a French scientist editor.
He's a cop on the beat.
She joins him on the street.
Unconventional partners work in the beat.
It's Gowdy and not Dowdy Sherilyn.
Hey, there's a crime.
Can you make it rhyme with tree?
That's the only French word I know.
Gowdy and not Dowdy Sherilyn.
Canceled after three episodes.
Rabid fan base conventions.
Yeah, they got them for Gowdy and not Dowdy Sherilyn.
Hey, Eloise.
Hey, other kids.
Sorry I scrolled away from your name.
Happy birthday.
Happy 14th and 16th birthday.
Asynchronous twins.
French science.
British crime.
Gowdy and not Gowdy.
Yeah, she's never party.
Governor.
Lovener.
I should say so.
Gowdy and not Dowdy Sherilyn.
There we go.
That's the Money Zone.
I love it.
Yeah, I love it too.
I looked away for a second.
I was like, whoa, is that Liam Gallagher?
Yeah, is it Liam Gallagher?
Is he here?
So that was our journey in the Money Zone.
They're brothers too.
They're brothers too.
Did you know that?
The strokes?
If you're interested in joining us for a trip to the Money Zone,
you can contact Teresa at maximumfun.org.
That is Teresa with an H.
I'm a lesbian and I...
Okay, that was British.
Okay.
I'm a lesbian and I recently cut my hair.
But now I'm having second thoughts.
Before it was all the way down to my waist.
Now it's more a men's style cut.
Although still long enough to show my loverly curls.
I think it looks cute.
It's very low maintenance and it seems to be net positive with the ladies.
But I've noticed that strangers are ruder to me.
Should I stick it out and get used to being perceived differently by people
or grow my hair long and lovely again so as to fly to the gaydar
and avoid the occasional embarrassing mistake about my gender?
Fan from the post lesbian apocalypse.
Is she asking us if she should be proud of her lesbianity?
Her lesbianics?
Well, she wants to be a lesbian.
She doesn't want to be mistaken for a dude.
Okay.
But I guess that's...
I do have to tell you though,
this decision is largely out of your hands for the next month or so.
So here's my advice.
Try it for a month and see what you think.
If you still don't like it, go along then.
Here's...
There are worse things that you could be mistaken for than a dude.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Liam Gallagher.
Liam Gallagher.
No, fucking Bieber.
Bieber.
You can look...
You can get a Bieber, a sweet Bieber bowl and then you are in a lot of trouble.
Unless your name is Justin and your last name is Bieber.
And your middle name is whatever Justin Bieber's name is.
Saul.
Saul.
Justin Saul Bieber.
Justin Schmoo Bieber.
No, here's all that coming.
No, you know, it actually is Justin Osama Bieber.
A lot of people don't know that.
A lot of people don't know that.
Hussein Bieber.
Justin Hannah Montana Bieber.
You know what?
If you like it, if you like it, if you like your haircut, it's yours.
It's your haircut.
Own it.
Yeah.
Fuck people.
Listen, if they're going to think you're a dude, they're obviously somebody you don't
know very well.
That's a pretty good litmus test as to whether or not they're useless.
Hey, are you a dude?
No.
Like, fuck you.
Get out of here.
I don't...
Like, I obviously don't want to chill with you.
Look at my shapeliness.
Look at my shapely curvaceousness.
Look at this boom-bastic body.
Excuse me?
Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot and slightly androgynous like me?
Is my favorite pussycat doll song.
There are so many, though.
It's hard to choose.
Yeah, there are so many.
Buttons is good, too.
Buttons is good.
Pushing up my buttons.
I like that.
Mr. Boom-bastic.
Mr. Boom-bastic.
Oh, holy life.
Don't make me sweat.
That's another one.
Duel of the Fates.
Pussycat dolls are the most flexible artists of our times.
Feem from my closet.
They are unstoppable.
The Declaration of Independence.
Yeah, that hit song.
Declaration of Independence.
What?
Now you're just naming documents.
The Rosetta Stone.
That's him.
The Sphinx.
The Empire State Building.
What are we doing?
We are fucked up our pasta.
Oh, shit.
Oh, my God.
Holy shit.
Jesus.
Oh, my God.
You just call me a self spaghetti.
I'm feeling this pasta vibe.
I've got to answer.
Yes.
Oh, Christ.
Let's see.
Declaration of Independence.
You thought that was the song in the heat of the moment, didn't you?
You can admit it.
This one was sent in by John Ramsey.
Thank you, John Ramsey.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Pretty, who asks,
is marrying a robot, parentheses, with sexual capabilities, in parentheses,
or an animal more socially unacceptable?
Oh, God.
The robot is designed so that you can, quotations, screw it.
Is marrying a robot with sexual capabilities or an animal more socially,
we'll say, more socially acceptable?
Okay.
We're going to pretend that we don't live in the same universe as Beast Wars,
because I think that really matters a lot.
Yeah.
Well, I think in the epic case, Robo V. Bobo.
Asshole.
I think marrying a robot with sex capabilities is more acceptable,
because I have seen Lars in the real girl, but I haven't seen Lars in the real alligator.
I think the problem is that every time you introduce someone to your wife,
you have to say, this is my wife, a robot with sexual capabilities.
Yeah, check it.
She's got holes in everything.
She is ready to party.
Is that better than, like, this is my wife, Tracy, she's not a real llama?
What's up with that art, Mark?
Don't you talk about my wife like that.
We fuck all the time.
Wait, so we're assuming the animal has sexual capabilities, right?
It doesn't specify the question.
I think pretty much all animals, although it depends on the size,
because if we are talking about a porcupine, or, well, that's a bad example,
but, I don't know, a hamster, well, still, fuck.
There's a lot of sexy animals out there, you guys.
It is a minefield.
The worry, of course, with a fake girl is that you'll create an uncanny valley.
Yeah.
And that is the tightest leg.
Oh, man, this was just a little less canny.
Also, yeah, I worry about self-actualization, what's it called?
Oh, like sentient.
Well, I mean, if it's a fuck robot, I would hope that it's sentient,
or else I'd feel like I'm with a vegetable.
Yeah.
I want somebody who, after a while, figures out this system that I've set up.
You don't have to worry about that.
Third law of robotics is don't harm a human.
Fourth law of robotics, swallow.
Yeah, this is true.
We are in our daddy's house.
I'm not making this up.
We are in our daddy's house.
I know.
Fifth law, anniversary, anything goes.
I want to marry a sex robot that has standards.
Whisper at the rest of the house.
We got to whisper at the rest of this question.
I want to.
Nope, I can't do it.
You got it, you got it, you got it.
No, I'm not listening.
We're in our daddy's house.
We're in daddy's house.
I can't go wrong with this, at least first.
Yeah, we got just this question.
Just this question.
I want to marry a sex robot with standards, like rules, or like, no, I don't do the butt.
That's what I want.
They have that program.
You think that that would prevent them from going into a killing frenzy?
Well, I mean, they have certain restrictions.
Roger F's me all the time, but at least he gave me boundaries.
He programmed those boundaries in it.
I dig that, but I don't want to go wild on that.
What about, ooh, a robot animal?
Do we already cover this?
Can we not do that?
Yeah, we did a robot llama.
With the Beast Wars contingent, I established that that can't be.
But now Travis really wants to explore that space.
Yeah.
I mean, a dog is man's best friend.
A robot dog is man's, like, brother.
And a robot dog with fuck capabilities.
Hey, are there any answers?
Did anybody dip in to give it a shot?
Uh, it's Romans 1, 24 through 27.
You fucker.
You're going to try to drop the Bible on this person like they never left
traditional morality behind a few puppies ago.
Robots one.
Everyone, turn your Bibles to the fuck of robots.
It's one chapter, one verse.
It's robots one, one.
Don't fuck robots, you weirdo.
You know, I'm sure there's stuff in the rest of the Bible about fucking animals, though.
Yeah, there's got to be.
There's got to be.
You'll find the book of robots.
That was in the Dead Sea Scrolls, I believe.
With memory serves.
If you marry an animal, you're a freak into bestiality, e.g. a perv.
And you're harming a living creature, so it's a double dose of perversion.
Are we, like, all right, first of all, stop.
Anybody just might...
Like, fail.
Stop that.
Listen, you are assuming that what I do to my pet llama is harmful,
and that it's, like, beautiful and natural.
Like, you know what?
Think of it this way.
Did you guys hear about that law?
Somebody just passed a law, I can't remember which state,
probably one of the more fucked up ones,
that says you can't have sex with an animal.
But they worded it in a way that doesn't exclude human beings,
because we're animals.
So they basically made it...
I think it's in Florida.
You can't fuck in Florida anymore.
Like, that's the law, is that you can't fuck in Florida.
But that law brings up a good point, because we're animals too.
I should be able to fuck whatever I want.
Robots, not animals, not humanoid.
They can be humanoid-shaped, but they can't feel like they're walls,
like the walls of their vagina, like it doesn't...
I see, right.
It's not moist, is what I'm saying.
You know, usually these things end with big laughs,
and then we move on to that, Griffin, you've made it.
Just dropped some science on everybody.
I'm sold.
Animals, animals, animals.
Case closed.
I'm interested in dating my brother's girlfriend's sister.
Is it acceptable for brothers to date sisters?
If one pair get married,
did the other pair have to immediately break up?
Tag team in Texas.
I feel like this is one of those multilayered questions
where someone's trying to trick us into saying
it's okay to have sex with their sister.
If we don't like, incept it and all.
Hey, hold on, wait, is your sister an animal?
I think she is.
She's an animal called human, called homo erectus.
Get it.
Yeah.
Actually, she's not human, she's a dancer, it says here.
Okay, so my brother's girlfriend's sister.
I think it's okay.
Isn't that the plot of one of the Brady Bunch movies?
All of them hook up with different couples?
Guys, we didn't think about something.
Tell me, tell me.
Bicentennial Man.
You start out with Robin Williams, pure, whole robot.
By the end, he's a human being.
He's had all of his robot parts replaced with human being parts
and he can feel and die and maybe go to heaven.
Like real people in heaven, like straight up real people heaven
and not, well, robots don't get anything.
But what do you think about that?
Oh, now we're back to moral ambiguity.
Yeah.
Damn it.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt the flow.
I would argue that if we eventually made him into Robin Williams,
he's not a person.
I think our bigger concern is once you open the floodgate on one of them,
you're gonna end up with robots burying animals.
If you open Robin Williams' floodgate, you could just get out of the way.
He really isn't a person anymore.
He's a typhoon of juggles.
He is a comedy shadow.
He is a walking awkward.
Unpleasant with him right now.
He's negative laughter.
I'm unpleasant on the Paul he has cast over this show.
Na-no, na-no.
Na-no, no thanks, son of a bitch.
Don't date your sister, you weird.
No, she's saying...
Your sister-in-law?
No, don't do it because if one of you...
I don't care about one of you getting married.
I care about one of you breaking up because that will take you to the awkward village.
How was your Christmas?
It was great.
There were sword fights because one of us dated and the other ones broke up.
Just don't do it.
Just don't do it.
That was easy.
That was easy.
Romans 1, 15 through 16 says don't fuck your sister's sister.
Sisters, brothers.
Don't fuck anyone who is ever on the TV show Sister Sister.
That includes Taj Mowry.
I recently started to text and talk with an old college friend.
It's been five years and we live a few states apart, but things seem to be progressing towards
the romantic.
My problem is I've gained a significant amount of weight since college, like a hundo, putting
me at six to 300 lbs.
Six to 300 lbs?
I weigh between six and 300...
No, six to 300 lbs.
Do I mention this to her or just show up with some extra for her to love?
Rotund romancer.
Okay, you got to drop that nomenclature.
Hey, I've got some branding to go along with this.
That'd be good news.
I got branded.
Check out my Lycra jacket.
They're stitched on the back.
I say you need to update your Facebook with a current picture and just let the chips fall
out of their way.
With the caption, surprise!
Surprise!
This is it.
No, I mean, if it's...
What does she love?
Does she love your heart?
Does she love that heart of yours?
It happens, guys.
It happens from time to time that a person doesn't love this fame-filled frame.
They love that heart.
That sweet heart of mine.
Is that the case that you're going with?
Did your heart get fatter? Because if that's the case, it just means you have more love
to give her.
Here's what you should not do.
Absolutely, you cannot mention it.
No.
Like, you can't say, hey, listen, just big news.
Just heads up.
I've really bulked up.
You can't say that.
Like, don't say that, but, you know, put some current pictures up there.
And you know, there's also a good chance she's let herself go a little bit.
How much shame can your frame handle?
How much shame is in your frame?
Get the shame out your frame and get your frame some fame.
Maid, I want to be about a hundred pounds less.
Maid, get down that episode.
You can, I mean, you cannot do anything, but there, there may be a look on her face that
you aren't going to be able to shake for a while.
Oh, but imagine this beautiful moment.
There's a look on her much fatter face.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no, Shrek.
It's a Shrek ending.
We're accidentally in love.
He's got sh-
I want to be a princess.
I want to be a princess.
I want to be a princess.
You are a princess.
Get over here.
I have chicken.
Hey, listeners, sorry about us.
Hey, sorry about us.
I think that you should just go for it.
And if she turns you down, then she doesn't deserve you.
Put a current picture up.
If she says, is that current?
Say, no, I'm chunking up and then stop eating.
You got to get slimmer.
Say, I'm going.
I'm on my way down.
I promise.
Please don't leave me.
Please, I need you so bad, Debbie.
And if not, maybe, like, you guys will be friends or something.
The worst five minutes of advice anybody's ever given anyone.
Somebody go to CJ Maggies with.
How about one final Yali?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This one was sent in by Galiayali.
Thank you, Galiayali.
It's by YaliLancer's user.
Oh, no.
The picture itself is pretty wonderful.
The real Marty Janetti.
Marty Janetti.
Except no substance.
Are you guys soaking in that image?
Oh, man.
That tiny thumbnail.
It's a wrestler.
He's holding a belt.
Usually, if I don't know a celebrity, they're a wrestler.
The real something something asks, how can I convince my girlfriend to dress up like
Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka?
I am in love with two ladies.
OK.
My sweet little Blueberry, a.k.a. my G friend, and Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka.
I think it's so sexy the when Violet inflates into a sphere and would love to see my lady
do the same.
How can I convince her that this would be both fun and sexy?
She doesn't realize it yet, but her nickname comes from my number one screen crush.
I bought the costume last week and I'm fighting up the courage to ask her,
please, any suggestions?
P.S. Not like in the new crappy Johnny Depp, Charlie and the Charge of Records.
That CGI looked horrible.
Only Mel Stuart's version.
I can't.
Oh, God.
I can't finish unless it's the Mel Stuart's version.
You look right now, Rashonda.
You look beautiful, but you look like that shitty Johnny Depp version of Charlie and
the Charge of Records.
Honey, I got you this outfit and this bicycle pump.
Let's go to town.
Yeah.
We are going to give you some artificial juice filled dumps.
You ever hear that thing where it's like, if you press this button, you'll get a million
dollars, but someone in the world will die.
Do you press a button?
If I can guarantee it's this guy, I'm just going to start hammering on it.
Oh, man.
How stealth do you have to be about your number one screen crush that you have given this
girl a nickname, which is my little blueberry, and she doesn't know what it's referring to.
You have to watch this movie, like, on the reg, right?
Like, and you can tell he's got, like, a half motor, like, when she walks in the room.
She swells, he swells, baby.
That's how I do.
That's gross.
That is so unpleasant that you would like that so much.
If you're going to get, if you're going to jerk it to anything in that movie, why not
a Goose's Gloop getting sucked up in that chocolate pond, that chocolate tube?
I feel like, I feel like we've just found a really great psychological test.
There's like, if you had to jerk it to one scene in Willy Wonka, and your answer means
something.
How about if you jerked to any second about that movie, which is primarily about, primarily
about murdering kids?
Boy, there is a, you know what, as angry as I was about this guy, there is a much more
unpleasant gentleman whose fetish is a little boy stuck in a chocolate tube.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
I mean, there's that, you don't have to lay it out.
The parts of your brain of fear and arousal are right next to each other is anything scarier
than that, the look on that fucking kid's face when he's surrounded by plastic and tiny
orange men and sweet chocolate.
It's like, it's heaven and hell, baby.
He knows, he knows death is around the corner.
What about the girl that gets thrown in the incinerator?
Yeah.
That movie's terrifying.
Why, why am I so erect then?
Why am I, oh, that was a bad-
There's no earthly way of knowing why I have this huge boner.
That was a bad-
Well, no, no, no.
There is no earthly way of knowing why my boner is still growing.
But the bulge is surely showing.
Is it shrinking?
Is it blowing?
And the semen now is flowing.
So I want to hear Griffin's very last question.
But first, I wanted to say, well, we have a live show.
It's going to be June 12th.
We have a handful of tickets left.
And I'm not saying that they say it to try to encourage people to buy.
We literally have 10 seats left.
We have those on Sunday night, and the show's going up on Monday morning.
So no guarantees.
And hopefully, we've talked about it on Twitter and our Facebook as much as we can.
And on our website.
And our website.
Yeah, it's all on MaximumFun.org.
So if you don't get tickets, we're sorry.
We're going to keep doing these live shows.
So this isn't the last chance.
And this one's, hopefully we'll be able to, we're all close enough to Cincinnati.
Maybe we can do this again at some point if you miss out on the show.
Because the response has been so awesome for you guys.
Thank you so much, guys.
We really appreciate it.
Christ.
And we're still shopping for opening acts.
We've got a few really good leads.
But if you live in Cincinnati or know a really great comic or band or anything like that
in Cincinnati, at this point, I'm really excited about Magician.
It's something I'm leaning towards.
I'm getting some fight from the brothers.
I would take a Magician at this point.
Can we get a ball pit?
You mean just like a half hour ball pit?
Like I don't, like yeah, like we just put the ball pit up there and it's just like, go nuts.
We originally said that we could have another podcast open for us.
And we did have a couple of suggestions, but we were worried that they could be better than ours.
And we can't have that.
So we've got to have somebody who's not a podcast now.
We've decided.
Because that's the kind of insecurity we're talking about here.
And if you're already going to be in town, I'll give you your coming in town Cincinnati,
might I suggest checking out complete works of William Shakespeare Bridge at the Cincinnati
Shakespeare Company.
Who, they are wonderfully hosting our show.
So if you want to check that out in the afternoon and then come see our show at night,
I highly recommend it.
They act really fucking good.
They act so good.
All of them act really good.
So thank you guys.
We love it when people tweet on Twitter about our show and use the NBNBAM hashtag.
So we make sure to see it.
Rickman is a relatively new convert, I think.
He was tweeting up a storm.
Let's see.
Our buddy Rhymeswag.
He's a relatively new tweeter.
I haven't seen him popping up too much.
I do like IP and butts, which is a good.
Oh, wait, wait.
I love this.
Go back down.
This guy's my favorite.
Onk Monk says at the NBNBAM.
Fuck you.
Got us.
Got us.
Nailed us again.
I want to hand out a special congratulations to my friend Sabrina and Chris.
They just had a baby.
And I'm going to go ahead and name it Travis McElroy's pick for my brother, my brother,
and me baby of the year.
The most pinchable baby of 2000 and heaven.
So let's give that up to Benjamin Prometheus Stoker.
Real name.
The sweetest baby.
What a great baby.
And thanks to our buddy Cole Ross.
That's Cole with a K.
He hosts and produces stand under the don't treat and riddle me this.
And is also a co-host of those damn Ross kids.
And he is in Cincinnati.
So we'll be able to feel his vibes emanating through the air.
I feel him here.
I feel him in Ironton.
So hi to everybody.
DuckLips 513.
Everybody tweeting about the show.
We really appreciate it.
Thanks to our daddy and the Carol for just just ram jamming us with pasta.
So much pasta.
Gonna go eat some strawberry pie too.
Oh, yeah.
Don't mind if I do.
So this has been Pasta Fest.
Thank you for being a part of it.
Thank you for tuning in next week for Rasta Fest.
Every year we're going to do Pasta Fest in May.
Rasta Fest in late May or late June.
And Griffin right now is going to hit you, the listening audience,
with our very last question of the week.
Oh, one more thing.
If you'd like to introduce the show to somebody, we've got a brand new way of doing it.
It's the MBMBAM sampler.
That is located at bit.ly forward slash it's MBMBAM.
So bit.ly forward slash it's MBMBAM.
So if you want to tweet about the show to be listened to it,
please use that link and just say, like, hey, I think you'd like this jerk.
It's about 12 minutes.
Some of our classic bits.
If this is your first time listening,
if you one of the people introduces that, make sure to check out our website,
www.mbmbam.com.
Let's bury this bitch.
Sink it.
Final question is sent in by Asumane Mariko.
Thank you, Asumane Mariko.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Pumpertek, who asks,
I'm bored.
What do you do for fun?
It is raining out also.
And I'm an old man.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your daddy.
Square in the ribs.
Hi, daddy.
