The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone. Welcome to My Brother, My Brother Man. Atop of the mornin' to ya.
He said he had some in the chamber. I did not. Wowzers. Yikes. Let me try again. Okay.
Hello, everyone. Welcome to My Brother, My Brother Man. Atop of the mornin' to ya.
He doesn't know any other ones. That's the only one that he knows.
I can't look at someone. Okay, try one more time. One more time. Okay.
Hello, everybody. Atop of the mornin' to ya.
I think we nailed it on that. Use take three. Yeah, got it in three. Whatever take you want to
use it at. Three takes slightly racist McElroy over here. I also have something lined up about
Aaron GoBrawlis. Okay. But we can talk more about that. I'll work it in. Okay. This is an advice
show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Justin O'Mickelroy. There it is.
And I'm your middlest brother, Thomas O'MacRoy. I'm Griffin O'MacRoy. That became Italian. I'm
sorry, everybody. I know the first rule of comedy is to say yes and I'm saying no bye.
No and then goodbye to this whole enterprise. No, but I'm leaving. This is the first St. Patrick's
Day. It used to be a thing for me in Huntington and then less of a thing for me in Cincinnati.
Every year that passed, it became less of a thing. This year, I'm just like,
oh, I just don't want to deal with it. Well, you know what really killed me is like yesterday,
everybody was out for St. Patrick's Day. And like by yesterday, we were recording Sunday,
so that means Saturday. Like Saturday, all the bars were packed and it's like, hey, dog,
it's not St. Patrick's Day. Yeah. What are these people doing? It's Saturday and they're out
drinking. Well, no, I mean, it's not that. Where do these creeps get off? I'm just saying like two
o'clock in the afternoon. Maybe that's not a good excuse. This is a my brother, my brother made
creep alert. Some people are in bars on Saturdays on the day before St. Patrick's Day, which is a
Sunday, because where do they get off? Well, they are wearing those Jamiroquai like, you know,
green and white hats with like a shamrock on them. And I hate them. I want to kill them.
You want to kill Jamiroquai? No, I want to kill anyone that impersonates Jamiroquai.
There can be only one. How does anyone still harbor any sort of emotions whatsoever towards
Jamiroquai? There is nothing you can say to Jamiroquai that he has not heard from the man
who lives in his hat. There is one, there is one reference to Jamiroquai aloud and that is if you
were in some kind of room with a moving floor and then you can say, oh, this is like that
Jamiroquai video. And then the person will laugh. You can't say Jamiroquai hat, you have to say cat
in the hat hat. Yeah, because I think of all the things that left a cultural mark on our culture,
I think Jamiroquai maybe ranks in maybe a little bit lower than Dr. Seuss. You're saying Jamiroquai.
I think it's Jamiroquai. Jamiroquai is the plural. From the Latin Jamiroquauses.
It's Jamiroquus. To Jamiro. Yes. Oh, God. Do we want to do advice or just Jamiroquai this time?
Yeah, just Jamiroquai material. Listen, March 19th, these all expire. So
I've just been offered a job transplanting dead bodies to morgues and mortuaries.
This means I will be cleaning up dead bodies from crime scenes, car wrecks, hospitals, etc.
The problem is, how do I tell my family members without them freaking out? How do you tell your
favorite podcast without them freaking out? Cause you didn't. Well, he doesn't know that cause he
done did it wrong. Yeah. Okay, go ahead and finish it. Hold on. How do I ease them into the idea that
this is an okay thing for me to do? That's from Bring Out Your Dead in Denver. Well, you should
probably start off by telling them who you're employed by and not just saying, I have a job
moving dead bodies. Yeah. Like how about this? Let me hit you with this. I work for the city.
That is fine. And I specialize in disposal. I make dead bodies disappear. I'm a man with a
man with a particular set of skills. I just bought a pig farm. You ever see that movie,
Pulp Fiction? You remember that guy, the wolf? That's like me, except state sponsored.
I'm the man you call when you have no other options. I'm a fixer, you might say. I'm a fixer.
I'm a fixer for the city. Here's the thing. Your family has every right to be freaked out because
when the zombie apocalypse happens, you are first to go. They're going to come back for him? No,
I'm saying, have you never seen- You touched my dinkus while I was dead. I remember it.
In movies, there's always that scene where the dude gets out of the ambulance or something,
and then the sheet rises up and the zombie kills him. We watched the wrong movie. I watched
Porky's 4 when the lead character from Porky's 3 dies. I think you mean Porky's 4 at Night of
the Living Porky's. Porky, when Porky dies. You know what? I have to tell you, my friend,
you have absolutely nothing to be embarrassed of. We are so lucky as a society that there are
weirdos like you who are strong enough to do this job. Thank God there are freakos like you,
freako. Thank God there are weird, weird- Weird dudes like you out there just doing it.
Just get off on this kind of thing and love it. You love death bodies, you freako. You weird guy,
you're a hero. Just let your freak flag fly, you freako. I think you can have this job. You
got to take this job. It's fucking hard out there, you guys. You want this? Just say to your parents,
hey, in this economy, I'm employed. When they're like, doing what? Just go, huh? What? Yeah,
I'm totally employed. Literally anybody gives you a hard time about it, podcast included.
The only response is, do you want to do it? Because someone is going to do this. True.
And they're going to fucking rake in the cash while you're working at Arby's,
and you'll still be moving dead bodies around, but it'll be cows, I guess.
It'll be people that had a Jamocha shake on the floor just dead. There's somebody who works at
Arby's whose only job is to move the dead people who died from the Arby's outside.
It is a full-time year round job. I'm a fixer for Arby's is my job. The mozzarella sticks are people.
I think, though, that anytime you meet somebody- It's good mood food, guys. It's good mood food
because you get to meet your lord and savior, Jesus Christ. Who wouldn't that put into a good mood?
If you meet anybody or you go on a first date, you got to run the screen pass on them until
they know you well enough that when you tell them that you touch dead bodies for a living,
they don't just assume there's some sort of Wednesday Adams scenario.
Yeah, I think you could also start off just by saying, start off saying, work for the city,
and then you work for a morgue, and then you work in transportation for the morgue,
and then what you actually do, because if you start off with, oh, I roll up in my heavy van
and load some dead bodies up in it, they're just going to picture a whistling dude slinging bodies
over his shoulder. I think morgue step two is I think you're jumping several guns that you can
really squeeze in there to prolong the magic. You could say, I work for the city, and then say,
I work for a city in which people die. Okay, but even that, I would say, I work for the city,
and they say, doing what? You would say, shipment, and they would say, of what?
And you would say, materials, and they would say, what kind of materials? And you would say,
organic materials. Formerly organic.
They would say, animals, and you say, nope, keep guessing, and they say,
this is the worst game and date I've ever been on.
But then the desert's there, you just got free. Just hope she loves mystery.
If you want to find out the answer, see you for round two.
Mm-hmm. Or maybe you get in a car wreck on the way home,
and then I will see you also there also. I think there's a great opportunity here.
If you are actually okay with this job, and God bless you for being so,
I think it would be really fun to just pretend all the time that you're horrified,
because it's completely human. Can you imagine the dude like,
go ahead and call the body truck, and you say, oh my God.
Oh God. It's never been like this before. This is my first day.
This is somebody's ping-pong.
You would think they would train me or something. It looks like my Nana.
Why did I have to drive my own car? I had to drive a Toyota Corolla.
I didn't have any room for this car. I have a two-door.
Someone cut off his legs. Does anyone have a leg axe?
I need to put him in the trunk of a boot. If you're in Canada, I guess.
I think there are so many options. There's so many directions you could take that character.
Oh man. You could be like weird philosophical guy.
Like, oh, so young, so short. He's 90. He's 90. He died fucking.
He's 90 years old. I know. So beautiful. What a beautiful body.
I've seen a lot of cadavers, but your peepum's cadaver is fucking beautiful.
It's a beautiful form, beautiful life.
You could be the guy that shows up and suddenly hints at the fact
that maybe someone should stake him. You should definitely stake the body.
Gosh. Anybody got any chopsticks or anything?
A little final cleanup, if you know what I mean. You smell garlic?
You could also just pick one up and go and just announce loudly,
I'm recreating Weekend at Bernie's 2 tonight. Get it? It's a Bernie. I'm going Bernies.
I'm doing Bernies, guys. Or you could help out the detectives without
them asking. Oh, this looks like poison to me. Poison again.
He is on the side of the road and his car is cut in half on a tree, literally 200 feet away.
Natural causes. Naturally, he was poisoned.
Well, man, I'm so glad that people do this. Right?
There aren't just dead bodies everywhere? This is everywhere.
I think that's how probably America rolled for like 50 years,
and then eventually they're like, you know what, guys?
I've been thinking. We should clean this up.
You know how we've been talking about job creation and this tough economy?
I got a great idea. Let's move these fucking bodies everywhere.
You know what would be like the boldest move, like the body movers would on strike.
I guarantee you can have whatever you want. Oh, my God.
If you were just like, hey, Mayor, if you don't pay us an extra $5,000 a week, we're out.
Yes, yes, yes, whatever. Please don't make us touch dead people.
Please, we can't do this again with you. We can't touch dead people.
Imagine going to that union meeting. I would not be able to.
The meeting of the party movers. My name is Morpheus.
My name is also Morpheus. Wait, are we all Morpheus?
Damn it, guys. I said we could have 10 Morpheus' tops.
Listen, I know it's inconvenient with the pipe organ being out of service.
I brought an MP3 player and some speakers. Morpheus, please set it up for me.
Morpheus 6? No, Morpheus 6. Morpheus 6, he's good with technology.
He was the first one of us to have email. You can read me at deadguycarrier at hotmail.com.
My address is deadguycarrier13 because there's 12 of you guys in the union.
My last request is please refer to everybody as this fat piece of shit.
Hold on, let me get this fat piece of shit in the truck.
This is a six-year-old girl.
This is a six-year-old girl. That's awful.
Interesting litmus test between Griffin and I.
For me, she was an eight-year-old girl. Griffin's a little darker today with a six-year-old girl.
Well, that's just me. You guys want a Yahoo?
Yes. This Yahoo was sent in by who else? Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray? Who wants to know?
I never know when you're setting it up for the assist or if you're just putting in dramatic pause.
The number one thing people tweet about our show these days is not understanding the reference.
Jimmy Ray, guys. Just Google Jimmy Ray. That's it. Google it.
It's asked by Yahoo! Interest user whiteandnerdy who asks,
How can I overcome my strange sexual attraction to my high school mascot?
My high school mascot is a mustang, as in a horse,
and I can't stop feeling sexually attracted to the person in the costume at all the games.
It's beyond embarrassing since I'm one of the cheerleaders.
What are some ways to get over this strange attraction?
I'd love to hear from others who have had this same problem,
and what they've done to get over it. Thanks, everyone.
Okay, so let me tell you what I did. You gotta just get it out of your system.
Yes, get on that. Get to the enough previews, time for the main attraction.
Just lock yourself and this poor, poor person inside of this mascot costume
in a hotel room for a weekend and just work it out.
And run out of fluid. There are so many-
Just love till you're dehydrated.
I need so much more detail, because it could be,
maybe this person has a horse thing, maybe this person has a furry thing,
maybe this person just thinks the person inside the costume is sexy,
maybe they just have an objective sexual attraction towards disguises.
The one that really threw me off is the statement of,
I am attracted to the person when they are in the costume.
Right, maybe they just have an overabundance of school spirit
that manifests as a chub. Yes.
Okay, they got a spirit chub.
Hey, go Mustangs, we're just so proud of- Oh, fuck.
We've got bonus, yes we do. We've got bonus, how about you?
Wait, is the person asking this question a guy or a girl? Does it matter?
I think it's a girl based on the avatar, which is a cartoon girl.
So, I take it back. And she's blue.
She works with a tree.
It's hard to think about these things.
It's hard for- Do you mean for you?
For me. It's difficult for me as a person.
It's hard knowing these things we know about people.
Let's go down the list. Okay, here are- I can really-
When I don't have anything to say, like any advice,
I just try to go back to my own experience. So, let's see.
In elementary school, there were the Miller Owls,
which I guess is kind of a sexy animal. So sexy.
With their big, wet eyes. They have big, moist eyes.
And a wingspan that can really wrap around you.
Hey, if you guys saw an owl that had one of its eyes gouged out,
would you fuck the socket? Now wait, hold on.
You get $8. Oh, yeah.
Wait, wait, wait. As a reward?
Or just that's what happens when you fuck an owl's eye?
He can- Also, two other things. Two other facts.
He can talk and he wants it.
Okay, well if those are- Then yes, all day, every day.
Is anyone watching? Where is this taking place?
In the privacy of my own home?
Has the owl come to find me?
It's taking place in that citadel from the Hunger Games.
Does everyone else want it too?
Yeah, they all want $8 so they can buy a healing paste.
You need a healing balm. Okay, wait.
You have a laceration on your penis and inside every owl's eye socket,
as we know, is a healing balm. You're in the Hunger Games.
Your penis has been lacerated by someone from District 11
with the fish guts and what have you.
And the owl is like, listen, I only have one eye.
The other sockets all balm. Also, let me sweeten the pot $8.
Also, I'm totally down. I am down with this.
Also, I should have you know, it will be consensual
because man, oh man, I am hard up over here.
Right? I love those District 12 boys.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's the way you smell like coal or are malnourished.
I'm a big fan of this right now.
And I, man, sometimes Sydney listens to the show
and sometimes I'm like in the place where I can see her facial expressions.
And I'm just gonna be good.
I may have to go on vacation or something, a private vacation just as a J-Man.
I don't think I ever had a mascot that I found even remotely sexy.
I had an owl. I had a blue streak, whatever the fuck that is.
I had a Highlander and I had a herd of bison,
which I guess if there was one of them, yeah, I guess maybe one sexier than the other.
Yeah.
You know, you got to pick off the sexiest.
That's how it works.
I think what's really got to be the worst moment
is when you are like in middle school and stuff
and you're walking around with your friends
and one of them says like, man, this may sound weird,
but like Mrs. Smith is like the hottest teacher.
And they're like, you know what, I agree.
And then it's like, yeah, did you check out Jimmy's mom?
Yeah, yeah, she's really hot.
And then the other one's like, and I really kind of want to fuck the mascot.
Yeah, did you see Chompers out on that last game?
Chompers the biting horse.
Oh, man.
And that's the moment where you get to realize that you're weird.
Or like you can pinpoint him and I don't mean that as,
I don't mean that judgmentally from my point of view.
I mean, like up until that moment,
who are we?
Who are we to say what's right and wrong?
You know, right.
But that's so easy for us to point to point fingers.
But that's what you're doing.
I think doing exactly that.
I'm saying the people that judge this person were wrong.
So you're saying this was a learning.
This is a lesson for the people who were like, I want to fuck my teacher.
And there were the other guys like, I want to fuck the mascot because it's a beautiful horse.
And they were like, oh, you just made me think about things.
Uh-huh.
You know what?
Maybe, maybe I can see things from your point of view.
Chompers is a beautiful, beautiful mascot.
Mm-hmm, sinewy.
Uh-huh.
So, so sinewy.
And look at the emotion.
It's like a poem.
But that's, let's not, let's not discount the fact.
Erase the hate.
Erase the hate, let's not fucking discount the fact that this horse mascot
might be doing some of the sexiest moves we've ever fucking seen before.
He may be out there like, like, okay.
Have you ever seen those YouTube videos of that guy that dresses up in like
this skin tight horse outfits and then goes to like public park and just like.
They're all I watch.
Just gets it.
You know what I'm talking about, though, right?
No bullshit.
Fuck yeah, I dare you.
This fucking guy.
Imagine that moves like Usher.
Like, how are you not supposed to get lubed up over that?
That's, that fucking would get anyone's noodle going.
Mm-hmm.
Like, yeah, I'm completely with you on this front, Griffin.
I do not think that there is a principal alive who would allow that, though.
Oh, what do you want?
A skin tight rubber horse outfit and you want to fake jerk off.
I don't know, but okay.
If it'll help win games.
If it'll put butts in the seats.
Puts in the seats.
Man, 21 Jump Street 2 is really messed up.
Yeah.
Hey, here's another question.
I recently broke up with my long term, long distance girlfriend.
Doesn't seem to be any lingering feelings between us, which is good.
However, for the extent of our relationship, she was better employed than I was
and bankrolled many of our visits.
I recently became gainfully employed and now I feel I should repay her for months of being a
broke bum somehow.
Is there a tactful, mature way to do this without sending the wrong signals?
That's from Newly Employed in New York.
I mean, honest answer.
Yeah, just like do it.
Well, I mean, say like, hey, Susan, I've got this new job and I'm feeling like maybe I should
pay you back for all the times that you covered my my ticket to come visit you.
And here's the thing.
Well, she's going to say no.
Ignore the things that this is a secret.
This is a secret B side track.
Don't do what Travis is saying.
This is what Travis.
No, why is that not the right thing to do?
Because Travis, you don't do reparations for X.
You don't do it.
It doesn't work.
She would rather just not shoot.
I would pay however much money this person is thinking about giving me to not have to
enter into this scenario.
This conversation.
You could be spared this conversation.
If you I mean, they didn't the they didn't pay for you guys to visit each other with
any expectation of a return on that investment.
OK, so, OK, there's the twist.
If in the original discussion, OK, she said something like and she was like, I want you
to come visit me.
And you said, I can't really afford that right now.
Maybe we can set something up soon.
And she said, don't worry, I'll cover it and you can pay me back.
Then I think that door is open.
OK, if it was a loan, if it was clearly, clearly put forth as a loan, I think that that's one
thing.
But like nobody wants to I mean, this is just the cost of doing business.
Like there's a cost of being in a relationship.
No one gets their money back.
Now, I would I would love that if it was when you break up, you're like, OK, so I did keep
track of how often I pay for dinner and you pay for dinner and it does work out.
So you owe me like 15 bucks.
There's a slight imbalance out of the I do need $15 from you.
I just need to get it to zero.
You know, it's a fiscal thing.
It's my account.
My board is on my board once you forget about you, forget about that shit.
And the first time you go to secure a home loan, they're like, oh, it looks like you
still owe your ex-girlfriend from high school $15.
So your credit is just in the pooper because with with the Jews, that's now up to fifteen
thousand dollars.
Sorry, Griffin, what was that?
The Jews.
OK, so I think step one is fire your anti-Semitic accountant.
No, not the Jews, the Jews.
OK, I'm with you.
Because of the Jews, you owe your girlfriend fifteen thousand dollars.
There is no God's chosen people must be tattooed.
There is no lower form of comedy than, hey, that sounds like Jews that there isn't.
There is.
It's that false.
Here's my B side to the point you're making.
OK, isn't it?
OK, hey, I like I really you know, I think I'm ready to forgive Tom Cruise.
Did you say Tom Jews?
That's my impression of you all day.
OK, that was a good impression.
I think you got me on that one.
Thank you for not making me sound as nasal as I am.
I appreciate you adding some baritone.
This is not a conversation.
Here's a good metric for if you should do something.
Talk to everyone you know and see if anyone has ever heard of the thing you're talking about.
Because if not, it is safe to assume that society as a whole
has tried it out and there were some unforeseen consequences.
You just have to trust that people have thought of this before
and it didn't work out if you can't find anyone who has been in a similar scenario.
The other thing is, I'm of the opinion that once you break up with somebody,
the only sane thing to do is to put them in a mine rocket and shoot them in the sun.
Like, as far as you're concerned, no, I'm as far as you're concerned, who visited where, paid for what?
What is money?
What is money?
Who am I?
How did I get here?
Why is there blood everywhere?
John G. raped and murdered my wife?
What are you saying?
Call the fixer.
Call the fixer.
I got a body here.
I don't, no, like, don't do that.
There was no, if she was asking you about it, I think that would be one thing.
But like, I think that that could, you run a genuine risk of that coming off as very hurtful.
I mean, when you were together, it was worth that money to spend time with you.
And like, I don't think the relationship ending should or would negate that.
I mean, if you guys had invested in a thing together, that's one thing.
But this is just time.
To go a bit deeper with our diagnosis, is it possible?
And there's nothing wrong with this impulse, but is it possible that because you were,
as you said, a broke bum while you were dating, and now that you are not dating,
you kind of want to show her, without malice or intent, that you've kind of gotten your shit
together because now you have the money that you did not have while you were dating.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, it sounds like this might be a bit more about assuaging your guilt than actually trying
to set it right.
I'm not even talking about guilt.
I'm talking about either, like you may have some deep, dark desire to get back with her,
or not even that, just to show-
It may also just be a message of like, hey, I'm doing okay.
Yeah, like I am doing better than I was doing when we were dating, which I really,
as long as you're not a dick about it, I don't think there's anything particularly wrong with
that, but I think that might be what you are also doing by saying, here, let me give you some money.
Here, have this money, you know what I mean?
Hey, that's another great test.
Say the phrase, hey, let me give you some money and see if it doesn't make you feel like you're
paying a prostitute.
Yeah, say, listen, I left money for gas on the dresser, how does that make you feel?
I feel like, I mean, maybe it's oversimplifying, but I feel like if you say, here's some money
for the time that we loved each other, like-
Here's some money for the time that we loved each other.
I mean, is that not it?
Thank you for the love acts, here is the money.
Travis, can you please go back in time until Travis from four minutes ago, this axiom,
this wisdom, you somehow gleaned?
Yeah, listen, sometimes the people that learn the most is me.
Speaking of money for love acts, do you guys want to go to the money zone?
Travis, do you know Dana Ray polling?
Yes, I do.
Shit, really?
Yeah, he lives next door to me.
What do you know about him?
Well, I know that he has two best chippies, Jordan and Joe.
Okay.
And it also is important to note that all three of them are dudes, even though two of
them have lady names.
Jordan's not-
Jordan, I mean, Jordan's like an ambiguous lady name.
Yeah.
What about Joe?
Joey Potter?
Anyone?
Anyone know about, ever heard of Joey Potter?
Anyone?
Did you finish it by the way, Griffin?
Not yet, I fucking stalled out on that last season, it gets bad.
You were so close!
Uh, yeah.
Can we go back, hey, guys?
Hey, Travis, tell us about Dana.
Well, basically, Dana grew up on a bird farm, where they would plant birds in the ground,
I think, and he is supremely aware of making love to a goose.
That's not what the sentence says!
But we read between the lines.
I love it, you chopped and screwed their intent.
It says, Dana is supremely aware of what you mean by love goose, which I can only take
to mean he's taken a bird lover.
I should also mention before we go too much further, happy birthday, Dana!
Oh yeah, that's cute.
What a great dude you are.
He loves video games and bargain hunting, for collectibles preferably.
Chairs, life hacking, and goose fucking.
Happy birthday, Dana, and we're sorry.
We're so, so sorry.
Folks, support for My Brother, My Brother, and Me comes from Audible.com, a provider
of digital audiobooks and more.
If you want to listen to it, Audible has it.
With more than 100,000 downloadable titles, including fiction, non-fiction, and periodicals,
you will find what you are looking for.
My Brother, My Brother, and Me listeners might enjoy Packing for Mars by friend of the Family,
Mary Roach.
Ooh, I like that.
She is, we're tight, we're bros.
I know, but I thought you were going to say friend of the show.
I like friend of the family better.
She's a friend of our family.
I mean, our show is our family.
For a free audiobook of your choice and a free 30-day trial membership, go to Audiblepodcast.com
slash My Brother.
That's audiblepodcast.com slash, all one word, My Brother.
So do that and let them know of our power.
But it's hard with a book to, hold on, I can do this.
Get it.
If it was a real book that Audible gave you, like physical, you shouldn't put your dick
inside between the pages and shut the book and then try to fuck that, because it would
not feel great.
But because it's an audiobook, that's cool?
No, I was just trying to transition into Extreme Restraints.
Sometimes when I listen to the Audible reading of Huck Finn, I just jerk it.
Okay, we're not going to do this to our friends at Audible.com, but what I will say is Extreme
Restraints.com is my choice for things to fuck with.
Well, not just with, but things to fuck with, fuck on.
Fuck on, fuck near.
Fuck, fuck up, fuck down, fuck side to side.
Fuck adjacent to.
Whatever, man.
Whatever you want to do.
Fuck any proposition you want.
Doing the electric slide.
So we just got it.
Now Charlie Brown.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Guys, Extreme Restraints is your premium online vendor.
Everybody fuck your hands.
Go on.
Extreme Restraints is your premium online vendor for marital aids.
They have all kinds of things you can fuck, things to help you fuck.
You've got to get on it.
If you use the coupon code Sexy Garfield, we had to change it off of midlist.
It is now Sexy Garfield.
You can save 20% off of your order.
So get in there, lube it.
You're going to just love shoving these things in you.
Yep.
You're going to find so much room you didn't even know you had.
This is so, they are a small company based in Huntington Beach.
They love our show and we love them.
They've been a long time.
They have, think about this for a second.
ExtremeRestraints.com has supported this program more than anyone you know.
More than anybody on earth.
Like combined.
ExtremeRestraints.com has made this show possible.
I just found out very excited that they're going to be sending us a box of some samples.
So I was curious.
Have you guys decided what you're going to?
I'm thinking just grab bag this time.
Just surprise me.
Now be careful with the grab bag.
It is more painful than it sounds.
I've ordered a gumdrop bar.
I'm just going to see how that works out.
It's a gumdrop bar for your dick.
It's a pain box that you lower your balls into.
Fear is the mind killer.
I must not be a fear.
Oh god my balls.
ExtremeRestraints.com is obsessed with finding the one object that will cause you genital pain
but no pleasure to anyone.
So far they have not managed.
If you envision the site as that ongoing experiment.
Just the floatsome and jetsome from one man's quest to find something that will hurt your
dick but won't turn you on.
Yeah their newest edition is the puzzle box from Hellraiser.
Just have demons just tear your dick and body into shreds.
And then some weirdo in Des Moines was like yes mama do likey.
So it's for sale now.
You can buy it because he hates it so much.
There's only one of everything that's not true.
None of the things we've said for the past minute are true but here's what is true.
You gotta fuck and it's going to make it better.
ExtremeRestraints.org
Use the coupon code sexygarfield all one word for 20% off.
It's a dot com I fucked up.
It's disappointing.
It's upsettingly discreet I would say because I really want I don't give a fuck.
I want the neighbors to be like oh they're fucking right.
Yeah look at them they got a dildo shaped box.
Hi this is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a new show about the epic fails and genius moments of being a mom.
How do you take care of a baby and still find time to moisturize your tattoos?
Join us every week to find out.
And remember you don't have to be a bad mom to be one bad mother.
Subscribe for free on iTunes or go to MaximumFun.org.
I'm pretty staunchly opposed to piracy but one of my close friends uses this as his number
one avenue for accessing his movies and music.
He often enters into conversations with me about why he thinks piracy is right
and offers completely unjustified reasons for his standpoint.
In favor of not getting into an argument over something so trivial I tend to just end the
conversation as soon as possible but I feel this leaves him thinking he has the upper hand
and he is on occasion feels free to remind me I couldn't come back with a better argument
and he is right.
Is it better to just take his banal arguments or should I make my stand in hopes of ending
his prattling on and that's from Sincerely Plundered in San Jose.
I am sick of this discussion.
Piracy is evil.
They make people walk the plank, they take people's booty, they're sinking ships all
over the Spanish main and I am sick of it.
My dad, my father, made gold doubloons for 30 years in his workshop.
You're taking food out of his children who is me's mouth.
I think there's an alternate solution to this problem and that is to call the cops on your
shitty friend and get him thrown in jail.
Is there a hotline?
Is there something I can do to be like hey my friend got that Hobbit movie on the DL.
Please take him away.
Do you know how sweet it would be if you lured your friend into an argument and you get him
to detail all of his piracy and then at the end you're like I guess you're right and then
you pull out a micro recorder and you pull out the flower and the flower on your jacket,
on your jacket, the comically large flower that turns out was a microphone the whole
time.
You've been the Wired.
You got me again Bobby.
That's all that the show The Wire is by the way if you haven't seen The Wire.
It's just about a man hiding a wire on his body and being like so you stole those bowling
shoes from the alley huh?
Yeah I did.
What's it to you?
It's not to me but tell to the judge and he pulls his shirt off.
And the best part is that man is in no way affiliated with any kind of law enforcement.
And every, every, this is like a freelance wire.
Every week he hides the wire in a different place so like he takes off and it's up to
you to find it out.
He takes off his Jamiroquai hat and there's a tiny stenographer under there.
You know that under Jamiroquai has a smaller hat.
God what a great guy.
I bet he starts every concert that way.
Hold on let me get more comfortable.
What does he sound like that?
I don't know.
Why is he eating a mouthful of cheese?
I don't know if he's British or Jamaican or a mouse so I made it all of them combined.
Um man I don't uh it's hard to have a conversation with anybody about piracy ever because there's
a lot of companies that really have it coming to them.
You know what I mean?
Yeah corpse.
But at the same time like I don't I haven't pirated music since I was in college I think.
Um and that's just like I don't want to get holier than thou because really if it wasn't
for Spotify who knows like who knows where I would have landed.
I mean that's but that's a great point like there are companies out there like Spotify
and now I've forgotten the other ones.
What's the other ones?
Where you can get the music from them?
Like those catalogs that you get in the magazine and you get six free CDs and then you have
to like sell them to your friends.
Oh you fucking know what I'm talking about.
Don't be a dick.
Come on.
There's uh my my neighbor uh Suzanne she uh she just sings a lot.
She sings while she gardens it's really nice.
Anyways but there are things out there that will give you.
Sometimes a car drives down the street and they've got their their radio turned up really
loud so you get like it's on my phone you get like a few free sets sometimes you can
just like whistle yourself a tune and that's free music so maybe you make your own music.
Listen to this it's a free song for you guys it's called T.M.S.
T.M.T.M.T.M.
Do not redistribute it.
Can I say I uh I I I think that this argument is probably the most boring one you can have
and I've fallen into it uh 150,000 times.
Here's the here's the only thing you can say right yeah I've done it too because everybody
has in their entire life please don't say you haven't.
But I try not to because it's I don't think it's right it's just a personal thing you
don't have to convert anyone to believe anything trust me the problem doesn't get any better
at all if you convince the person that it's stealing if they can't like use their they're
not unless you set up a Christmas carol type situation with musicians and movie stars from
the past present and future to sit there and come to your friend at night and tell him
what to do.
Hey hey I'm Moby I want to came to talk to you about some of your habits.
Come with me this is my car that I have to drive now because you stole all my music and
I can't afford a better car than this I live in it hey I'm Moby I live in my car and I
can't stop crying.
Hey it's me Bill Paxton.
Remember when I was in Big Love you just torn it at all of it now I live in Moby's car.
Hold on let me open the trunk hi I'm Bill Pullman lots of people will confuse me with
Bill Paxton that never happened before piracy please help please let me out I'm sorry I'm
sorry I look like you please let me out there could be only one close please let me out
close please let me out of Moby's truck I don't think I would pirate anymore all right
I think I would seek help no I think I have some other issues to work out who cares who
gives a shit it's not worth it it's like your dorm is twitter like just quit it no one gives
a crap I will say I had a roommate and I'm not going to name names Jacob Dunkel oh it
slipped out Dunkel I'm sorry let's say Jacob Dunkel Dunkel I'm sorry keep putting you
on blast but Dunkel lives in the same town as me Griffin has moved and whenever I see
Dunkel that's all he'll say why do you put me on blast don't go I'm sorry you put me
on blast but youthful indiscretions we're safe in the annals of time Dunkel's just trying
to stay on with the radar I can't go back to prison Dunkel's not going back to prison
Dunkel got hit up by the survive another stretch Dunkel got hit up by whatever that whatever
that anti-piracy thing is who went and did all the suing of all the college students
gave him a formal warning for downloading for downloading feature films in their defense he
pirated more shit than any other 10 people I know combined but he got hit up because he downloaded
I think it was like Mulholland Drive or something he got he got dinged he got dinged by the by the
motion picture association of America so like it does happen I mean they'll keep an eye on it
I hope those guys are just torn at things because they were there like you might want to watch them
someday why do you have Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 in Spanish I don't I don't know
I have a real problem it's only half of it and it's it's they actually it's homemade somebody
did a shot for shot homemade like in Be Kind Rewind which I also pirated in Dutch this is a
sweetened version of uh Sisterhood that's what fans call it I hope he's okay I hope he didn't
I hope he's not incarcerated I hope they didn't get him he's not he's not on the inside he's fine
probably not still but he was dead Griffin I need a yahoo here's a yahoo answer is sent in by um
oh god all of them are Ira Ray come on Ira Ray you're the best um it's my yahoo answer
somebody's listening to the show the other day somebody treated the other day asking if we just
use his questions so we could do the theme song no we keep like I don't want to discourage everybody
else who's sending in questions because like they're all great and I appreciate it and uh
like I do I read everyone that people send in a week and I do not mean to put you all down but
Ira Ray's are just they're superb they're so good um Ira Ray thank you it's by yahoo answers user
question mark who asks did the popularity of the Karate Kid basically ruin the effectiveness of the
crane kick since now everyone will know what's coming when you get in the crane kick position
and the element of surprise is gone has the crane kick become an extinct move do martial arts experts
not like the Karate Kid for ruining the crane kick in the way magician magicians don't like
other magicians who reveal their secrets so by this person's logic if anyone has ever done the
crane kick once uh-huh it is no publicly publicly it's well not even that because the person who
receives who's on the receiving end of the cake they tell two friends they tell two friends and
then they two sell two friends and pretty sure soon it's you know the fucking t-fury's printing
on t-shirts like all right I bet it's more of a thing like when somebody gets in the crane
kick position at a meet or competition or whatever the judges just like roll their eyes
uh fuck you if I was the judge of a martial arts contest and I saw somebody get in the
crane kick competition I would be the most excited for anything I've ever been in the
better question is how sick do you think officials are at those meets of people yelling sweep the
leg like literally every time every has to be right three minutes has to be ladies and gentlemen
welcome first and foremost we ask you please don't yell sweep the leg we fucking get it we
have all in fact seeing karate kid you are very funny please do not say see the leg also not
allowed put him in a body bag that is done also i never die is out also uh later on this evening
we do have a roller derby bout happening here they have as that you not shot whip it everybody
thank you please thank you i'm jb miller i'm huntington radio personality and deep deep
in joke jb miller god fuck you guys so a little i'm huntington wall of famer jb miller and now
a little reference for no one jb miller so let's jb miller is awesome by the way he's a great great
he's just fun to impersonate him he has a great radio voice just google him listen come on people
hashtag jb miller you get in a fight with someone at a bar we'll call we'll call this
someone jb miller for all intents and purposes would you be hero to millions jb miller arcs
one of his legs up bends his knee upwards lifts that leg up while the other leg is planted firmly
on the ground slightly bent and puts his two arms up as if he is flapping his arms like a bird
if you have not seen and are not even aware of the karate kid i still think you can assume
like oh that kick is coming like that that physically i should lean slightly back like
you have exposed yourself in a way and prevented one of your legs from moving in a way that the
only thing that can mean is that the other leg's coming up face words you know be great i think
there's somebody did that to me in a bar yes my first thought would be to like just punch them
because they've left themselves very vulnerable and open alternatively just push them gently and
they'll fall right over but i'm gonna be honest i would let it happen just to see how they did it
because there's got to be like 90 percent of people that do that have to be like don't worry i
saw this on karate kid right and then they're gonna do it and just fall on their fucking faces
yeah but there's gonna be 10 of people yeah that are just gonna it would be worth it to take that
kick just to see this just to see this bad boy unfold i'm just saying like it'd be it'd be you're
like on the ground with your nose bleeding so it's like oh what happened like that guy just fucking
crane kicked to know that he nailed it even if that person like said some really racist shit
and like you know poured an entire beer on your friend or girlfriend and like it was a total jerk
and you know you desperately wanted to fight him i would let that happen just so that he can have
that story the chance to give somebody a gift that magical it never comes along and to yeah and to
just like i would lay on the ground and he would bend over and be like thank you i'll be like pay
it forward grandson granddaughter come here allow papa to tell you of the time he gave the greatest
gift kick it forward you you have to let three other people crank kick you in the face and it's
not a very good now and now let me die peacefully the conversion rate is not very good i know what
if the guy who originally crank kicked him came back like at the end of late miss iraq when he's
on his deathbed he's gonna kick you into infinity now i thought you'd forgotten about me i never
forgot the secret was it was the best moment of my life too and i'm gonna die also but i want to
die and then they kick each other and it's like perfectly time so they both go flying back and
they freeze in midair and their outlines form a heart it's like the end of d3
and they just crank kick each other freeze frame
stephen sodberg filmed the end before box office smash i wish i'd been there the first time that
somebody was crank kicking somebody when that when that prior art in the crane kicking case was
uh was created because i would imagine that probably looked ridiculous because the implication
of the crane kick is that i can't stand on one leg without falling over unless i am balancing
with my hands so it seems to me you could do a crane kick well i i don't think that's actually
yeah i don't think it is a i don't think it has anything to do with physics i think it has
something to do with birds with large wingspans are terrifying how about because here's the thing
like i think that you're the opponent and you see it happen you're like whoa whoa whoa where
daniel's son go suddenly there's a bird here and then you're kicked yeah yeah you see you see a
flamingo and you're like big fucking deal skinny ass legs it's pink this is no this is no trouble
at all i can fucking wreck this bird they get those wings out and you're like nope nope nope
nope nope nope out now griffin you know it's not called the flamingo kick right no like you
could have said crane but i am talking about another large goofy ass looking bird of prey
and then he did the heron he wanted to go with ostriches but ostriches are objectively terrifying
well they have judgmental faces yeah well that's not why i was i was more talking about the fact
that they have fucking velociraptor talons but oh yeah i guess i guess that also doesn't help
this is a two-part question okay and i put them together because i wanted to close on this very
important point that we apparently have not made yet and i wanted one last chance to make it
here's the first question i'm a mid-20s guy who lives in a suburban area and i have trouble
meeting women my age around here however there's one girl who lives nearby who seems like she could
be really cool her sister and brother-in-law are good friends of mine and i've met and i met her
through them the problem is i only met her once a while ago and aside from recently becoming
facebook friends exchanging the occasional like or comment have hardly interacted with her since
my question is this how can i find some way to hang out with her again i don't know her well
enough to ask her out but i'd like to get to know her in a more casual setting my friends rarely
come to the area and when they do they usually just hang out with her and her family not me
what's a creative non-creepy way to cross paths with her again see if she's cool as i hope she is
that's from hangout hopeful here's another here's another question okay next weekend i'll be going
to an event with some friends that should be totally awesome but i've just been informed
that my mutual friend that one of the people i'll be rooming with is secretly pining for me
and thinks i feel the same i like spending time with him but i don't have any romantic feelings
and i don't want to give him the wrong idea should i give him a heads up and risk making him really
uncomfortable or should i wait to see if he brings up the topic on his own and that's from from
perplexed packs goer is what are we doing both of these together because they both represent
opposite ends of i just when i read these two actually like in sequence travis i happen to
star them and they're of course not related obviously these people are not the same people
they're not regarding the same problem but we we used to hit on this a lot during the show
and i and i really i want to circle back around to it jokes aside and really try to hit this home
okay this conniving and the strategies and the oh yeah and the like trying to make you guys are
fake you have a name your facebook friends you've liked each other's just ask her dummy just say do
you want to go out sometime and stop wasting your life minutes trying to come up with a way to make
yourself more comfortable with that because that's all you're really doing i mean well yeah what
you're doing is you're trying to recreate like a romantic comedy moment right exactly oh hey
didn't expect you to be at the driving range we didn't have a meet cute so now i want to try to
create one when like if you've here here's the question that i don't think people people are
amazing and they're worthwhile and i think everybody listening to the show right now
is worthwhile you're cool and funny and and worth you have great taste you have great taste in
podcast gotten fucking your sexy body you have fucking especially look at you in that mustang
costume cutting down carbs you you're great if you could develop feelings for this person even
sort of the first inkling the first spark of feelings why why do you make the assumption
that there's no way this person could be thinking the same you know why simultaneously if you're
wanting to get to know them the way that you do that is by asking them out and spending time with
them we like there's there's no time clock that you gotta punch and get like 10 hours credit before
you can ask let me let me tell everybody where we are as a civilization this is where we are
where i feel like for a good long while there like back in the the the you know soda shop days
the custom was hey i met you and i liked you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me call
me maybe no it was i met you i found you interesting let's spend more time together to
get to know each other and then maybe we can procreate by the time we're 17 and that became
such that was the norm and then all of a sudden it wasn't anymore and it did become about this
conniving and trying to find ways and trying to be too cool for school and trying to sneak
sneak your way into love and now i feel like the people who can fucking get up the courage to say
hey i think you're interesting i want to get to know you better let's go on a date like that has
come back into fashion now and like if you can pull that move off it doesn't matter if they say
yes or no they're gonna think you're fucking cool well i know dudes like my friend john sheller is
is one of the smoothest guys and i really think the whole trick to that is that he just says what
he's thinking to women it doesn't he's a very nice confident good-looking guy who just like
grows up and he's like hey how's it going i like there's no pretense or something i don't even
think it has anything to do with charm or intellect or anything it is just having that fraction of
courage required to say i think you're interesting and i want to get to know you better literally
no what i'm saying is that that is what comes across as charm it's not though having that
curry but i'm saying that if you have that courage and you're confident and you can do it that comes
across as being one of the charming guys if you try to if you try to fucking sneak it in sideways
though you're gonna come off as a creep you're gonna be arrested well no you know what i mean
you know like no you're absolutely imagine imagine uh dating imagine you're a car dealership okay
you are a used car all right and that is not a great analogy just hang with me hang with me
okay if you show up in the car salesman you see a car like over in the corner the car salesman's
like i can't show you that one i don't think you're ready to like it yet i have to i have to
apply you a bit what kind of vibe are you gonna get about that car the answer is not a good vibe
but if as soon as you show up at the dealership the guy's like never mind you know what i have
the car for you this is a great car you're gonna love this car that's confidence and that's
appealing that that we like that we we like to think that anybody else knows what the fuck
they're doing because we certainly do not confidence that's all confidence is is holding
up your end of the social bargain to pretend like you know what's going on because none of us do
i'm saying that's right it is so uncommon to be to be straightforward with somebody when it comes
to when it comes to dating it's so rare that when you pull it off it's like seeing it's like seeing
a fucking unicorn it's like holy shit like i don't know how i feel about you but yeah sure
i i got asked on a date can you fucking believe it and he did you know he didn't do it on a text
message can you fucking believe it the crazy thing about it is like the it's it's also doesn't have
to mean like coming across as desperate or doing that like that i think that's what people are
afraid they will seem like if there's like hey you're pretty you know what i mean but like just
do it you don't say hey you're pretty or hey the shampoo you use smells good you say hey i think
you're interesting and i want to get to know you better do you want to hang out sometime never
start a sentence with you probably get this a lot but don't say that no don't say i know i don't
look like much don't uh-huh i know we just met no or i don't want to seem creepy but i don't want
to nope stop doing that don't don't apologize for yourself don't make excuses for yourself i know
i know i have a half-formed vestigial twin hanging off of my neck but you just don't even acknowledge
it let them bring it up let them if you have a half-formed vestigial twin on your neck that can
talk if you still straightforwardly ask somebody else they're gonna say yes i'm gonna take a drink
of water while your twin sings river you okay so you but we've been paying a lot of attention the
first half of the question though no but this is that what i'm saying is the two are connected
because well the second one doesn't want to go out the one breeds the situation though what i'm
saying is it makes the first cause and effect it's cause and effect the first breeds a second
situation where you're actively making the person uncomfortable it's bad for both parties to create
this uh you know to to you know create this weird pre-dating phase that like just ask you just ask
and if it doesn't work out cool maybe you can be friends afterwards and you don't have to spend
another night thinking about it here's the secret you wonder the secret i'm gonna let you guys hear
that book the secret of course you didn't read it so i'm gonna tell you what the secret is you're
ready no matter what you look like bruce willis is dead at the end no matter what you look like
and no matter what the person doing the asking looks like getting ass out on a date makes you
horny i do not care this is irrefutable fucking irrefutable when you get ass on a date it makes
you horny because you think oh i can have sex with this person maybe it doesn't matter who you are
or what you look like or any of it getting ass on a date makes you feel good and usually well don't
backpedal because you just made it sound like a hundred percent of the time it always makes you
horny always so if you can go to someone and you say hey do you want to go out on a date they may
say no but they will also say thank you for making me horny i'm gonna go use this i'm gonna go use
this on someone else i'm gonna store this up cashed in later with my husband i'm gonna bank
it i'm gonna ask my husband um i just want a short answer to the person in the perplexed
packs goer i don't think you have to bring it up as long as you have not done anything that is
misleading yeah then if this dude has feelings i mean i would be straightforward with them though
just as a courtesy like you don't want him spending the entire trip like trying to yeah but i also
don't know how you bring that up if you're like hey dave just so you know before we get on this
road trip i don't have feelings for you all right pack it up everybody let's roll out did you get
the cheetos got the cheetos cool we're good to roll you want to sit in the back with me nope uh
you're crying fuck the the best thing you can give somebody is your time and by asking someone on a
date you say to them i think you met there's a chance you could be the person i want to give all
my time to i don't care what you look like or if you're a dirt bag or any of it that's that's a
nice thing to say to somebody even if nothing ever comes of it okay nothing ever comes of it
you have still done something nice for them and made yourself a bit more confident and a bit more
used to getting you know if you if you are rejected and you know what if you're rejecting
it's based on nothing because the person doesn't know you so it's nothing to feel bad about if you
uh say mooch a bunch of a girl's money off of her so you can keep visiting her and then you leave
her and don't give her because you really like traveling to new york city like that's your
business that's your business no that uh it's it's a great thing to ask somebody out it's nice
and it's not weird and it's how society has operated for so long don't make it into a big
thing don't like that's what i'm saying you got a cool hand lucet because your friends if you ask
if you ask out somebody that your friends know they're going to make both of you try and feel
weird about it because people are fucking dicks and you just gotta be like i don't man just calm
down you know we're just we're just hanging out and just spend some time together just see if we
see if we are simpatico and if you could say it in that kind of tone and when you say it like lower
your sunglasses down your face then uh let me do this other favor for you if you say do you want
to go out sometime and the person says i don't know let me think about it you rescind that offer
yep so fast that you do not have time to even let the like they don't even finish the sentence
you listen as long as we're making big broad strokes i'm going to throw this out too because
we get this question once a week i'm worried if you schedule a date with someone and then they
tell you uh no like call you 30 minutes beforehand and they're like uh no i just it turns out that i
gotta get a wisdom tooth out at 9 pm or whatever can we reschedule it and then they reschedule it
and then they cancel on you again no don't even don't even do the second one yeah whoa don't even
do that if they can't suffer a rotten lightning pain in their mouth to spend time with you then
if they love you they set you free and then you run away and that's how you that's how they know
they fucked up is how i the same people's misguided attempt to try to like let you down easy by
stringing you along it's fucking bullshit if they wanted to go out with you they would find the time
to people say dating stop asking me that people say dating is so hard and it's not it's the shit
that happens right before the dating starts that sucks so everything that you do to prolong that
shittiness is is not a favor yeah so let me say this to the other side if somebody asks you out
and you don't want to go out with them say like oh no thank you but i'd rather not booyah i mean
you don't necessarily need no i'm sorry sorry offering you an order you have to say booyah
i just ask if you rejected that's fine the hundredth time you get rejected i'm gonna feel it
and then you'll be that cool guy that gets dates all the time if you're not asking if you're not
like i some dude i know like a couple months ago said to me like i just i can't seem to stay with
a girl i can't find the one i can't all these relationships end and it's like yeah because
they will until they don't anymore and then you marry that person like it's not this magical thing
we're like oh i bumped into this girl on the subway married right like there's a half can you
walk me through that again i ran into a girl on the subway wait i think my reaction was she fell
on the tracks oh my god someone help her that's why why did you run the subway i bumped her off
the platform that's my future wife down there that's somebody called a fixer
there's blood everywhere hey you are really attractive ambulance driver
mary while you were sleeping too while you were dead while you were in many pieces on the tracks
that's how you turn a meat cute into cute meat
uh this has been our comedy podcast my brother my brother and me it's an advice
show for the modern era that only occasionally gets a little preachy uh uh i hope you've had
as much fun as we have thank you to those tweeting about the show uh chris daily our dad uh hannah
elai john uh majin johnny fred wood hannah elai again jason kirk of course uh josh cw king john
john s john gruber all the johns jen velarosa not a john uh thank you to everybody tweeting
about the show if you are going to tweet about it maybe include our a link to our sampler it's
bit.ly forward slash it's my bim bam i want to thank john rodrick in the long winters for
the use of our theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed uh which has
so many good tracks on it hindsight seven yeah just uh download the fucking thing i also i want
to encourage don't pirate it i want to encourage you all to go check out all the other max fun
dot org uh podcasts just go to maximum fun dot org there's at this point too many to mention i think
we have like 60 or 70 different podcasts on our network at this point but do check out the forums
um and you know every week when we post a show there is a forum uh kind of uh thread created
make sure you pop on there and kind of give us your two cents yeah or your ten cents or ten
dollars uh speaking of it's that time of year again 2013 max fun drive is just around the corner
maybe you're already a devoted monthly member of maximum fun maybe you're a virgin and maybe
maybe you've never donated to maximum fun before either way starting april 1st we're going to be
running some of our best content of the year us and every other show uh on maximum fun doing
awesome giveaways uh with stuff like thank you gifts and packages some of the sponsors for the
gifts this year are fucking out of control we mentioned extreme restraints is up in it so like
i'm still not exactly sure what they're giving away but if it's like a maximum fun themed dildo
like maybe it's the max fun rocket ship but you put it in your butt and then you blast off into
space with it pleasure space uh then then you got it you got to donate and you can get on that stuff
and all that stuff helps us you know make a little money off of doing the show um it helps us do like
we bought new mics um when when we first got on max fun uh it helps us do stuff like we pay for
our travel with live shows which i know we haven't done in a while i'm sorry it's been fucking crazy
busy um but but it also feeds my cat it feeds tribes his cat um anyway uh also we have a bonus
episode that we usually have a lot of fun with um so so don't miss it it starts april 1st and it
runs for two weeks tune in show your support and and catch the the best episodes my bim bam has to
offer and if i can add an addendum yeah please dindum it it is also very important to me and
hopefully my brothers that we just crush all the other podcasts we try not to hit that note too
hard but i just want to crush them we really usually do put i want to feel brian safi's face
below my foot that's awful well that's no that's just because that's the only way i can finish
oh god so tune in and hear travis say things pay more money to listen to travis say more things
like that to perpetuate travis saying things like that um this final yahoo answer was uh sent in by
nick jensen thank you nick jensen it's by yahoo answers v who asks is it normal that i eat my hot
pockets in the dark the only the only additional details are ham and cheese i'm just a mackerel
i'm travis i'm good for mackerel this has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported maximum fun.org is a co-sponsor
of the fifth annual women in comedy festival happening this weekend in boston the festival
kicks off thursday march 21st with snl alumni rachel dretch and heratio sands performing with
other top improvisers from the ucb theater for comedy fans the festival is an incredible
opportunity to see some of the best comics working today not to mention some of my personal favorites
like maria bamford for more information and tickets visit www.womenincomedyfestival.com
