The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm the baby, I almost said middlest, but I'm not a middlest. You're not.
I'm not the middlest. Copyright infringement.
Copyright infringer, copyright burglar, Griffin McElroy.
We're back with another episode of our advice podcast. It's a little late. It's been
a kind of, it's been a day. It's been a few days.
What happened?
It's been a harrowing five days.
Okay, so let me give you my story real quick. Saturday morning is the day before my birthday,
and oh my God, my baby is puking every hour on the hour. And babies are rad when they puke,
because like human beings, adult human beings, if they got puked, you see that look in their eyes
like, oh God, oh God, not now.
It's happening again.
It's happening again. They make this run for the bathroom. Babies are just like sitting,
watching little Einsteins chilling, and then they're just puking on your chair,
and you, and everything. And they don't really see that like bent out of shape about it.
How rough and raw is baby puke? Cause they're pretty little.
Is it like in Son of the Mask when I think a baby pukes one time and it like comes out
real fast and hard and Jamie Kennedy is just like wearing it.
It's weird because you really have to help babies out. You know, like you hear the thing about,
you know, a real friend is somebody who holds your hair back while you puke.
For babies, you just like upend them over the tub or something. It's like you're holding their whole
body up so they could just get it all out. And then afterwards, instantly, so cool. Who's got
milk? Who wants to chill? I'm so good right now.
I just want to step in here and say that if somebody comes in to like my zone while I'm
yard sing, that is, that is no friend of mine. My wife, my wife got real concerned about me
because spoiler alert, I also had the yards this past weekend. Oh my God, in the worst way.
And she like came in to check on me. I'm like, what are you, what are you doing? This is,
I don't want anybody to share. It's a private thing.
If it were up to me, if I, if I were, if I were yerbing real hard, I wouldn't,
I would want my wife to like go outside the house, maybe like go down the block
and like pretend like it never happened and she never knew it.
And she came back in and I was in a tux, like drinking a martini.
The next day, uh, was my actual birthday and Sydney got this thing and then Charlie evolved
to stage two of this disorder in, in which she just had like tactical nuclear shits.
Just like absolute abominations of poop that were not constrained by diapers.
Do not try to hold these in. It's just like a, a, a dump site. And I was, there was a moment where,
um, uh, is this story about to get like, it's a little rippled.
Sydney ran in the bathroom to puke in that exact moment.
Charlie took an Omega dump all over me and I couldn't take her into the bathroom because
Sydney was in there puking. So I had to hold my shitty baby close to me as we went down the stairs.
And then I just climbed into the shower with her so we could wash the excrement off of both of us.
And it's just like, happy birthday to me. This is 35. This is why I can be president now
because I've done this. This is, this is why I'm qualified to lead the land.
You know, on my birthday, which is the same day, I, um, we put a mattress down on our foldout
couch and I played oblivion all day while we watched 30 Rock and Parks and Rec on the computer.
And Teresa just took a big dump on me.
She took a big dump on me. And I made steaks and bacon and chicken sausages for breakfast,
lunch and dinner. Oh, Jesus. It was a good day. Um, I, I just wanted to interject here before
people were worried that all of us had problems. I didn't have no problems. You did great. Friday,
I got the worst food poisoning I've ever had in my life. And then I think I just like took that,
put a little envelope and overnighted it to my main girl, Chuck,
and made sure that she sort of spread that whole thing around that whole concept.
And Justin, why didn't we record yesterday?
Because then it was time for part three when I, when I, I, I ate, like, I had a terrible day on
my birthday and I was trying to console myself with a few slices of reheated za, uh, from my
birthday party the night before. And, uh, boy, hachi-machi. Body did not like that. It woke me
up at one in the morning and was like, good news. I've been saving all of the things you've consumed
today for one last curtain call. Everybody, come on out. Gatorade, flat sprite, sausage,
pepperoni, onion pizza. Everybody come out and take your curtain call. Come take your vow. You've
earned it, kids. This is your moment to shine. By which I mean be ejected into the bathroom at
terminal velocity. Um, so yeah, I did that yesterday. That was me yesterday.
I just, and, and we tell all of you this and that's not to yuck you out. We're not one of
those yucky podcasts that like gets off on grossome ups, but we got a lot of tweets yesterday
from people were like, huh? Can't help but notice you guys skip a day. The day that fallout four
comes out. I promise you my dudes. It was not that. No, I actually, I peeled myself away from
fallout four to record this very episode. You're welcome. Yeah. I couldn't even play fallout four.
That's how sick I was. Oh, same Z's. I was, I was curled up in bed and I was watching like crazy,
crazy, crazy old. We have, we have like, we don't have cable. We have like an antenna.
And for some reason that antenna, one of like 12 channels we get, um, includes his channel called
buzzer. And it's all like super old, super shitty game shows. And they're really bad. And I didn't
like watching them, but like, it was just nice to nice to have them there. Here's how sick I was
yesterday. I got to, I had a moment yesterday where this is how sick I was. It's pretty bad
while I was laying there and just like on Netflix chilling. And I thought, you know what,
maybe I should check out supernatural. Like that's how sick I was. Yeah. Like that was,
it was that level of sick. It's really good. Maybe I should dip into supernatural. I don't know.
It's very good. I'm free now. I'm free of this disease. Now I just have a fever
and can't eat anything without having Omega shits. Well, better than nothing, better than nothing. I
think you're in a pretty good head space to produce some comedy. I'm I'm, I think I'm tired
of hearing about our gastrointestinal distress. You know what I'm tired of hearing about? A
fucking Chilean miners movie. Yes. I know. We are aware of it. We are aware of it. I know everybody
has good intentions. It just tends to pile up when I get 30 tweets in one day. Like, have you
seen this trailer? I don't even want to see a film about that. This is like our state of the union
address. We all have really bad diarrhea and thank you all for your enthusiasm about the 33. Um,
we share it in varying degrees, but we don't need minute to minute updates, text message,
Amber alerts about the 33. Did y'all hear the ANTM might be coming back? Yes. Okay. That's another,
yes. I just want to go ahead and get that one out there. Just get that one out there. I know
ANTM might be coming back, but I'll, the proof is going to be in the pudding you guys. And the
pudding is UCI. Yeah. UCI is my, UCI is my pudding. And if he's not involved with the project, let me
say this, let me go out on a limb. You guys ready for a big old nuclear bomb? Yeah. Uh, for real
though, fuck Tyra. You can't be like, I think it's time. I think it's time we pull the plug. Oh,
is it time we pull the plug after three seasons? Yeah. Three seasons. Like it seems like a good
time after letting boys in the house for a scant three seasons. Let's pull the plug. Let's got to
take them off life support. Are you sure? Cause they're a baby. They were just born, but yeah,
let's go ahead and take them off life support. I guess this newborn healthy baby that's like
running around and jumping and doing stunts and stuff. Let's go ahead and unplug the machines and
stuff from this healthy three-year-old baby. Good plan, Tyra. You can't be like that. And then be
like, actually, let's see if, uh, let's see if we can get a streaming. No Tyra, you can't get
a streaming. It's not your project anymore. It's UCI's project. You've lost all rights because
you've lost all rights to the project. You've fucked me one too many times, Tyra. Have all
your makeup back. They let boys in the house. Imagine if you let boys in the house via the
process of adoption. You let boys into your house, your own house. And then after three years,
you decided you would kill the boys. That's a crime. Hi. Maybe I'm just in the different America
from you all. That's a crime. Yeah. It's not my America. And you certainly can't be like boys,
three years, great years, lots of jumps and stunts. And I like how great you all modeled and you added
a really weird and profound sexual energy to the show, to the house, I mean, but anyway,
I have to kill you now. Oh wait, hold up. What's that? Hold up. What's that? Oh no, nevermind. I'm
not going to kill you. I'm going to see if I can get you on streaming. I might kill you in the
morning. Those boys ain't gonna look at you the same way. Let's do a question. Let's do a question.
This is definitely, definitely going off the rails. The other day I was picking up my slider.
Can we just not do any fucking food questions? I didn't even think about that. You can do it. This
one's not about food. Okay. That was not Justin's mouth. That was a stomach flange. The other day I
was picking up sliders from one of my favorite takeout places. The total was 7.99, which meant
that I got a penny back to pay $8 cash for my meal. I stood there for a minute, not knowing
if I should keep the penny or throw it in the tip jar on the counter. I felt like either action was
cheap and chintzy, but it's one better than the other. Brothers, help me. What would you do? That's
from a penny saved or a penny spurned, which is a pretty good name. I think we can all agree.
I think we can all get down on that name. Where are we reading these questions from? Because I
don't see them. Travis emailed us a question list. Is that how he does it usually? That's how he
usually does it. For the last 275 episodes. Is it bim bam 276? Is that really what episode it is?
I can't be right. Let's check the log book. Are we ready to move on? Let me check the
ledger. I'm checking the ledger. Oh my God, it's 276. What are we doing? This is why people...
I feel like when the magical art of sleight of hand was invented, it was for this very reason.
Because neither option is correct. Neither option is appropriate. You just got to make that little
copper bastard disappear. You do a little noodling over your fingers and then you
just sort of wave your hands and it's gone. But in all reality, you've just thrown it very far
across the restaurant to a place where you can't hear it hit the ground. This is why I've been
banging this drum forever about getting rid of the fucking penny. The penny has no value.
You know what I do when somebody gives me a handful of pennies? I throw them on the ground.
I would have thrown them on the ground outside. It's the one monetary that is such a direct
insult. If someone's like, hey, can I have some change? And you hand them a penny,
you might as well just spit in the palm of their hand. And let's just put this out there
and let's just grab the tiger and put him right up on the table. Pennies is just a couple letters
off from penis and I hate saying it. And we all hate saying it. We shouldn't have to,
I have to say peeny. See, there I go again. I have to say pennies all the time.
And sometimes I say that and children laugh at me.
Pennies are the absolute worst. I think what you should do is leave it on the counter
and just tell them, listen, this is your cross to bear now. Do the right thing and throw this
in the garbage. If enough of us did that, we would eventually run out of pennies so we could
be done with this stupid currency. I think that it should be a service that they provide,
right? That the cashier provides in the same way that they ask you if you want a receipt.
They say, do you want a receipt? And the answer is like, no, never. Why? Why am I going to need
a receipt? You're right, Griffin. I think that this is the real problem with the cashier. Why
did they hand you back a penny? They gave you that chore. Well, they do that because they have to,
right? Or else they get fired. No. Well, no, no, no. There's a till at the end of the day.
I have to balance it out. I'm saying we need to- Yeah, but there's a dollar lenience there.
We got to take this on in the Japanese style. That one doesn't really fit here, although they
don't use the one yen too frequently there. But you take that penny and when they say,
do you want your receipt? You say, of course not. What am I going to use that for? And then they
say, and do you want your pennies, sir? And I'll say, or it should just be customary that if I say,
hold the pennies and nickels, nothing smaller than a quarter, my man, then they know what's up.
Because I'm not going to use anything smaller. We're all waging war against the penny. What's
so fucking great about the dime? Nothing. I'll tell you what's great about the dime, Griffin.
Here we go. 10 of them, very tiny, very lightweight. I like it. I don't want that. I don't want tiny,
lightweight coins. I like it better than the penny. I like it better than the nickel. Well,
yeah. It's 10 times better than the penny, Travis. And in many ways, I prefer it to the quarter.
No, fuck off. Now you're being a- It takes up way less space.
You're being obtuse. Quarters are great though. You get a quarter, you think,
I'm going to do something with that. Maybe you're going to put it in a machine,
get a nice gumball out for yourself. Good half.
Blueberry gumball. Maybe get yourselves a nice little homey out of the machine.
Get yourself a little homey. Get yourself a little sticky hand and use that sticky hand to
annoy your dad on the drive home. If somebody gives you a quarter, they're basically saying,
hey, this is your mad money. Just go crazy with this. Get whatever you want.
Hey, you know what? You've earned this. Thanks for being you.
Get yourself a psychedelic jawbreaker. Get two of these bad boys together and get yourself one
of them sticky hands from one of the vending machines. And annoy your dad on the way home.
Your dad's going to hate that sticky hand. I would say to the question asker,
just adopt the policy of being like, I don't need the penny. Just say it.
Okay, but this person can't be the only person saying this. We all have to take
a stand right now and say, hold the pennies. Even saying that, you have to say pennies.
And it's not right. And it's not clean. Hold the one cent piece. Hold the bit.
Now, Travis, I have to take umbrage, though. You say the person should say,
I don't need the penny. That's a crazy thing to say out loud.
And then you pop in your monocle. The inverse of that would be like, I need the penny.
Please, please don't skimp on the penny. I don't need the penny, you say loudly,
so everyone can hear you and then you leave. Yeah, it's like, yeah, who does?
But I do need it. Nobody needs it.
We got to digitize this transaction, don't we? We got to have some sort of little terminal
that after you give them your money and a little screen pops out and it's like,
you want those pennies? So you don't actually have to say the words. You can just hit yes or no.
Yeah, that's an equitable solution. Oh, and then they hand you an envelope
and maybe it's got a penny in it. Maybe it doesn't. No one needs to know.
It's like Schrodinger's penny. You know what I mean?
That's nothing. You need to know if there's
a penny in there or not. You've taken the inconvenience
of a penny and then removed its already slight monetary value.
And the value of the penny has to be exceeded by the value of the envelope, right?
Yeah, but why? Oh, very much so.
They're going to go out of business. Too sweet. It's a profit deal. I get it.
Japanese style. Let's get it done. Can I do a Yahoo?
You're kind of like stepping all over me a little bit.
Well, do we? Okay. Well, sorry. You know, we do one on one.
No, we don't always. Most of the time.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 9000 Yajru Drew at Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew Davenport. It's by Yajru Answers user Joshua Leal.
Putting his whole name out there and I've hacked him.
I'm in. I'm into Joshua. Oh, I've got all his files.
He's a dirty boy. Living the Josh life.
Just kidding. It's mostly JPEGs of his trip to...
Boca Raton.
Boca Raton. Ooh, yeah.
Found one of his butt in some swimming trunks.
Putting this on Tumblr.
Thank you, Joshua, for your files.
Thanks for your files, Josh.
Joshua asks...
Why are people looking at my butt?
It's not a nude butt picture. It's just like some nice trunks.
Joshua...
My trunks picked a butt Tumblr. I gotta know.
So...
Joshua asks...
Can you bring board games such as Monopoly onto an airplane?
Huh.
Can you bring board games such as Monopoly onto an airplane?
I don't think he doesn't specify,
and so I don't think he's talking about travel-sized board games.
Let's assume not.
No, because that would be not funny.
Can you bring...
Excuse me, excuse me.
Oh, this is my carry-on.
It's the board game Monopoly.
On one condition.
Which is?
If you are traveling alone.
Well, that's...
Who wants to get in on this?
Come on, folks.
I need at least three other players for it to be fun.
Row 18, I know you feel me.
I'll let one of you guys be the top hat.
That would be a little bit cumbersome, I think.
Also, it would be a race against time.
Monopoly's not a great example, I feel like,
because no game in Monopoly has lasted shorter than like six hours.
Yeah, it's good for international flights, though.
It is.
I think one sweet thing would be
is if you get one of the flight attendants into the game
so that you have to ring your buzzer every few minutes
and bring it back to your chair like,
hey, listen, I don't need a warm towel or a fresh coffee.
I just need you to go ahead and take your turn.
Take your turn.
Roll them bones.
That's the ballroom.
It's not the ballroom.
It's not the ballroom.
Well, wait, what am I doing?
This is Clue.
I'm not supposed to tell you that.
You know what game would work really well on the plane?
Connect Four.
Connect Four would be great, Travis.
Yes, great travel game recommendations
from my brother, my brother, and me.
You heard it here first.
It's very vertical.
It's vertical.
It doesn't take up as much room on your tray.
Those pieces aren't going damn anywhere, are they?
They're gonna stay locked.
It's like a little Czechish prison, isn't it?
Imagine if you were playing like chess
and the person in front of you leaned their chair back
and ruined the whole game.
Yeah, that's done.
That's not gonna happen in Connect Four.
My recommendation would be the hit game Don't Wake Daddy
because there's nothing that would bring me more joy
than to be on an airplane and frequently exclaiming,
hey, don't wake daddy.
Everybody keep it down or you're gonna wake daddy.
Don't wake daddy.
Maybe we could play Grape Escape or Crackers in the Bed.
What's crackers in the bed?
I think it's the one where you eat crackers in a fake bed.
All I remember is the title, Frank.
That sounds like a sick game.
Knock, knock, knock.
Hi, are you the captain of the flight?
Yes, I guess I'm the captain.
How can I help you?
How did you get in here?
That's not important right now.
Could you please try to keep the flight turbulence free
as you have repeatedly knocked over both the chandelier
and the fireplace trap on my copy of 13 Dead End Drive?
Jesus.
And we're trying to enjoy a game
of 13 Dead End Drive right here
and your turbulence is making it nigh impossible.
Me and my nephew are trying to play stack-em-ups.
What is stack-em-ups?
It's like when you go to Target to buy Jenga
but they don't have Jenga so you buy stack-em-ups instead.
And there's like animal faces on the box.
Animal faces on the box but on the underside of the box
there's sex suggestions.
Are you playing this with your nephew?
Yeah, we're just, we're not, you're ignoring the sex suggestions.
They didn't have Jenga, okay?
Maybe you bring on a copy of Operation
and just have like sunglasses so people know,
yeah, you're that kind of guy.
You can play Operation on a flight, no problem.
Added level difficulty.
No scope that liver.
Reach right in there, pop it out.
It doesn't matter how much the plane shakes.
Your hands are rock steady.
You do it staring wistfully out the window.
Yeah, you don't even need to pay attention.
That's how good you are at Operation.
I'm flying to Hong Kong on Saturday
and that flight is 16 hours.
Which I'm just gonna round up to a day.
Yeah, 100.
I'm gonna have a sky day with the air people
and I guess should I bring the Game of Life on board?
I hadn't even considered it as a possibility
but I figure if I'm gonna be on a day on a plane,
if it's one of those day planes
that they're gonna give you lots of room
to spread out and do whatever, play board games.
Are you doing that Air Emirates?
Because they give you a shower and stuff in that one.
No, that would be very sick if that's true.
But I think I'm just doing like American Airlines
or Hong Kong Great Flights.
No shower in that one.
Just a communal bathtub.
That's fine too.
I can bring my floaties and balance a copy of Risk on it
or something.
Don't you think it's about time
that we stormed into the offices of Milton Bradley
and Hasbro and told them,
hey, just because you've been making this beat-ass board game
for a hundred years doesn't mean you need to keep making it
because it sucks.
Are we talking about Monopoly here?
I'm talking about Game of Life sucks.
Candy Land, not even a fucking game, it sucks.
Yeah.
Battleship, that game is horse shit.
Yeah, that game's not very good.
Candy Land especially, it sucks.
It's not a game.
Fucking crackers in the bed.
No, hey, hardcore gamers agree.
Crackers in the bed is better than real.
Yeah, but you have to keep buying crackers.
Yeah, well, you gotta get the expansions.
No, they're not expansions, Travis.
You gotta get soda crackers.
You gotta get Ritz crackers, the Saltines.
The Saltines expansion, it's rare.
You're just describing crackers that you buy at a store.
Yeah, at a grocery game store.
No, just like it's a grocery store.
And you can play it with Grape Escape.
I guess you could play Grape Escape with real grapes,
couldn't you?
Once, and then your board's all soggy and sticky and ruined.
You could play Mousetrap with real mice.
Yeah, sure, you play Operation with a real guy.
No way.
No, go for it.
As long as we're saying dumb shit, cut him in.
Just start cutting on a man.
Just say whatever dumb shit you want.
Make them, take them to the factory, mash them, smash them.
Now they're history.
Justin knows the Grape Escape theme song,
so now that's in the show.
Anybody else have anything that they know?
Anybody else have any things they know
that they just gonna put in our show forever?
I just don't want to lose it, you know?
Have we tapped the whole board game thing?
We've preserved it in digital amber.
Okay, well, scientists in the future.
Let me say, does anybody else know any board games
that they can just say, no need for a joke,
as we've already proven many times over
in the past five minutes.
Just board games that you'd like to say out loud.
Hero Quest.
Yes, and that's the only one.
Let's move on.
All right, here's another question.
It comes in to us from a listener of our show.
If you'd like to send in one, you can send it to
mbmbam at maximumfun.org.
Here's the question.
God, I feel like shit.
Woof.
Yeah.
Shake them off.
Shake it off.
My husband and I are from different parts of the country.
Him, Midwest.
Me, Southeast.
And I find some of their food.
We're at war.
Yeah, I find some of their food nasty.
The Midwest.
Excuse me?
Some of my in-laws come to see us for a holiday meal
and I'm wondering, am I supposed to make some
of their traditional stuff, even though it's gross?
Or since they're in my house, is this a you-get-what-you-get
situation?
That's from Steamed vs. Fried in Tennessee.
How could you ask this question and not send some, like,
concrete examples?
Yes?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Are you talking about, like, a deep dish za?
You talking about that Cincinnati chili?
What are you talking about?
No, never make Cincinnati chili, ever.
It's an abomination.
Are they talking, like, maybe, like,
like, potato salad?
Like, what is the Midwest have?
Maybe, maybe it's something like, um, you know,
your sweet potato casserole with the multicolored
marshmallows on top.
I don't have anything against that, mind you,
but I can see where that might be off-putting to outsiders.
What the fuck?
Can I, can I ask a question?
What the fuck is so great about Southeast food?
What do you got, what do you got crackle-ackin' in Florida?
Oranges?
Is that all you subsist on?
Chocodiles?
Chocodiles and oranges, is that it?
Key lime pie?
Key lime pie?
That's not a healthy diet.
You've just named three sweet things.
I don't know what's in the mid-
Like, can we clarify this for me?
What is the Midwest?
I think the Midwest is everything that's not New York,
California, and Florida.
Okay, got it.
Now, what's the Southeast?
Just Winston, Salem, and surrounding areas, right?
Okay, that can't be right.
Texas is like the South-South.
Incorrect.
I, I think here's what you have to do.
I think you need to
to check in with your husband's family.
So let's, let's put this in context
and say it's like Thanksgiving, right?
Talk to your husband or to your in-laws and say,
what are like three dishes that if you don't have
will feel like an incomplete Thanksgiving?
I don't think you need to like recreate
their Thanksgiving whole cloth.
I think that you just have to say like,
you know, maybe like they always have green bean casserole
and if there's no green bean casserole,
it just doesn't feel like Thanksgiving?
Well, in that case, yes,
you should have green bean casserole.
When my in-laws came in town for Thanksgiving last year
and Rachel and I cooked for them,
I was like, welcome to, welcome to my house.
Welcome to Aaron's party.
And I did, I did them, I did them what I wanted
and then they liked it all very much because I was right.
Like the food I like is just right.
There is a, there is a distinction here, I think,
between like, you can get away with, at holiday time,
I think a lot of people can get away with like bad food
that they traditionally eat around this time of year
and it is appropriate and okay.
Like I would say if you just make good food
that tastes very good,
I don't think anybody's gonna grouse.
Like maybe you do wanna throw in a couple of their favorites
just as like pay homage and tribute.
You don't have to eat them.
But serve them, serve them in like a grody plastic cup.
Just so they- Like a dog bowl.
Yeah, just, no, not that blatant,
but like a fucking- Solo cup.
Like a men in black two commemorative plastic cup
you got from Burger King.
Also, listen, there's so,
like the internet is such a great resource
to find a recipe that you like for a dish that they like
where you can be like, oh, here's an iteration of it
that doesn't sound disgusting to me.
So I'll make this version of, you know, potatoes au gratin
that they'll like because it's that,
but I like it because the ingredients sound good to me.
There are things like, I'll give you guys an example.
Around every Thanksgiving, not around,
on every Thanksgiving, I forced- Somewhere near it.
I forced Sydney to make my mom's sweet potato casserole.
Because it's the best.
Okay, it is the best, it is amazing, right?
Okay, let me just pump the brakes here for a second, guys.
Guys, do you eat this casserole any other day of the year?
No.
Well, I mean, the following Friday and Saturday.
Yeah, Friday and Saturday, it's like dope.
You reheated it, it's dope.
We'll post the recipe for our mom's sweet potato casserole
on the, somewhere, on the Facebook maybe.
But anyway, we don't eat it any other time of year, right?
Why is that, do you think?
Like, I really like it.
I never think to myself, I'm gonna eat this.
I have to assume it's because it's like a special occasion.
I like, I don't have birthday cake on random Wednesdays.
I guess, yeah, but like, if you really liked it,
why wouldn't you want it to eat at other times of the year?
Well, it's only because if it's the middle of June,
or even late June, and someone sees you eating
a Christmas ham, you'll be asked to leave the town
that you're in.
You'll be literally run out of town.
That's in the Old Town Charter.
Yeah, no Christmas hams in June.
You know, it's a little bit of that special occasion thing.
But you know what?
Also, I will say this question, Asger.
When you get married, and like, there starts to be
that like mixing of like family traditions and stuff,
it's all about like, what's our holiday now?
Like, what's our event going to be?
Not what was it when you were 13, but what is it now
that we're forming our own family?
You know what I mean?
And so this is a great time, especially if you're hosting it
for the first time, to maybe try out some new stuff,
and maybe be like, this is a thing we're gonna have
every year now, if you like it.
If you don't like it, we never have it again,
because it's very flexible and valuable,
and we can do whatever we want.
That's fine and all, but the first time their in-laws
come in town, it's like, where's the creamy ham salad?
And you're like, oh no, no, we're doing our own thing.
You'll be asked to leave the town.
Because you've disappointed your in-laws so desperately.
And then you have to move.
You gotta make that creamy ham salad.
Here's the recipe.
You gotta go out there and you gotta get sour cream.
The good stuff.
No wait, the bad stuff.
The cheapest, grossest sour cream you can find.
I'm talking about 14 ounces of standing water
on top of this piece of shit when you open the tub.
And then you're gonna wanna get some ham.
Again, this time actually you wanna splurge a little bit.
Mix them all up, throw in a little bit of leaves,
up to you which kind, my man,
and then put it right there on the table,
and serve it with chopsticks in the traditional eating style.
Sydney's grandmother makes this thing
every Christmas Eve called frozen salad.
And I hate it if I don't like to eat it with my mouth,
but if it wasn't there, but every year I'm like,
hell yeah, there it is.
What's up, y'all?
What's up, y'all?
I feel comforted by its presence.
What's up, y'all son of a bitch?
Of course I'm gonna get a slice of you.
Frozen salad, you cold son of a bitch?
Get in here.
Just like a one sentence description of frozen salad.
No, no, no, no, I'm actually gonna demand
that you do not tell us what frozen salad is
because you just said the words,
let me have a slice of salad,
and science PSA from your old buddy Professor Griffin,
salad should not be served in slice form.
Frozen salad, you see.
Let's go to the money's up.
Gmod Jody, if you're listening, I'm into frozen salad.
Gmod Jody, really looking forward to it.
Highlight of the holidays.
You're gonna crush it this time, I feel it.
Let's go to the money's up.
Let's go to the money's up.
My Brother, My Brother, Me is supported in part by harrys.com.
You guys doing Movember?
I mean, I've got a full beard all the time.
I've already shaved, it looks bad, dirty face.
I'm gonna donate to Movember, I did Movember once
and it was the year that I met my,
it was actually over Thanksgiving,
it was Thanksgiving, I met my in-laws
and my father-in-law has this amazing mustache
and I was afraid that he thought I was making fun of him
with my really bad mustache, I wasn't.
That is a long con to make fun of someone.
I grew a mustache for three weeks, get it?
I grew a parody mustache.
But we were just meeting and it could have been
a power move, I don't know.
Anyway, the official partner of the Movember Foundation
is Harry's and they're gonna be donating money
to help raise awareness for men's health.
Harry's starter set is $15 and it includes a razor,
foaming shave gel or shave cream and three razor blades
plus free shipping.
You can go to harrys.com for the $5 off the starter set
with the code MYBROTHER, all one word.
You take that $15, you're gonna cut a third off of it
for just 10 bucks.
You can get the razor, the foaming shave gel and three blades.
Start shaving better today, you are really going to enjoy
the Harry's shaving experience, I can guarantee you of that.
And men, don't forget to get your prostate checked.
While we're at it.
While we're at it, get up in there.
There's no, it's never too early.
Get your walnut checked out.
Scope that nut.
You wear underwear every day?
Sometimes. Mostly?
Mianis understands that and that's why they're dedicated
to creating the world's most comfortable underwear.
Well, I want them to sell me on the concept
of even wearing the stuff.
It's just like double pants.
Yesterday I did not wear underwear,
it would have just been an impediment.
Yeah.
You wore your long johns with the flap on the butt.
Yeah, my supernatural pants, I call them.
And a dog, a dog ran into the house
and tore off the butt part of your supernatural pants.
And damn if he didn't steal my roast beef.
I spent all weekend making that damn mutt.
Get him out of here.
Muffins?
Tore my vest long johns, stole my roast beef.
Had to put him down.
Hate that dog.
What am I supposed to snack on during my binge sessions
of the supernatural?
What am I supposed to even wear?
If you need something to wear underneath your best long johns,
Mianis has tons of colors and styles.
And it's the only place to get matching pairs
for men and women.
Plus we all know paying for shipping sucks.
So Mianis has removed that from the equation.
All orders to the US and Canada ship for free.
Now to sweeten the deal,
Mianis is offering you 20% off your first order
at mianis.com slash my brother.
That's M-E-N-D-I-S.com slash my brother.
I got a message here.
Can I read it?
Yes.
It's from Sarah, AKA Chuggs.
That's C-H Chuggs.
And it's to Derek.
And Chuggs says to Derek,
thanks for being the best friend a girl could ever ask for.
Between doing incredibly sweet things
like cooking me gourmet meals while I relax
and listen to my bim bam
and tolerating my insane family,
you're pretty much perfect.
Here's to having the best summer ever.
2016, I hope.
Hootie hoo, big D.
Hootie hoo.
Hootie hoo indeed.
I feel like the inflection on that is like,
because of the repetition,
it's a little more somber and purposeful.
Like, hootie hoo, big D, hootie hoo.
Hootie hoo.
Is that like what Carla said on Top Chef?
What?
Carla on Top Chef?
This next message.
Carla on Top Chef had this thing-
Griffin, can you say, uh,
Carla on Top Chef one more time?
Yeah.
I'm pretty-
Just to be clear,
pretty sure they're referencing the Outkast tune,
Hootie Hoo.
Oh, it could be what Carla said in Top Chef,
because she had a system worked out
where if she ever got separated from her husband
in a grocery store,
she would just go, hootie hoo.
And then he would yell, hootie hoo.
And they would find each other like that.
Like, like married echolocation.
I really like that.
Just food for thought, ponder on it.
Think about your own catchphrases
that you can use to find your lost husband
in a grocery store.
This next message is for the McElroy-
or sorry.
This next message is for the brothers McElroy.
It is from Lieutenant Randolph and Dr. Claw.
Happy birthday to the three brothers McElroy.
Nice, nice.
Since this day has so much fanfare,
it was also chosen to be our wedding date last year.
Like NBNB AM,
we had a great sharing of wisdom among friends and family.
And like NBNB AM,
it was one of the best things in my life.
Keep it up guys,
and we'll see Travis in LA.
What?
Watch out.
You will?
Keep your eyes peeled, motherfucker.
Yeah, we didn't even talk about-
Well, I guess we did talk about
how it was Justin's shit birthday.
And my awesome birthday.
Yeah, and I had a great birthday.
I went and did karaoke.
And now I'm playing Fallout 4.
I ate a bunch of steak.
Daddy mailed me a little present.
He what?
Daddy mailed me a little present
just so I didn't feel left out.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah, it's a little Hulk toy
from the Avengers.
It's like a little Hulk toy.
And he squeezes legs together
and he flexes his big old muscles
and he goes,
happy birthday, Griffin.
Let's be honest,
we live in a world with too much media.
You need a podcast on the front lines
figuring out what's great.
We're here for you.
We're Pop Rocket.
I am Guy Branham.
I'm a comedian.
I'm Wynton Mitchell.
I call myself a digital strategist.
I'm Oliver Wang,
academic and disc junkie.
Margaret Wappler,
je suis es journalist.
And we watch, listen to,
and read everything
so that you don't have to.
And then we tell you about all the things
that you'll love to love.
Find us in iTunes
or wherever you download podcasts.
Pop Rocket,
every Wednesday from MaximumFun.org.
Some classmates of mine recently-
You guys want to Yahoo?
Actually do Yahoo?
That's what I was going to say.
Sorry.
Do you even want to keep doing Yahoo's
in the show anymore?
Like, do you want to stop doing them?
Well, that is another part of the flavor
that's been chomped so severely.
I'm wondering if we need to move on.
That one doesn't bother me.
We didn't like-
We didn't invent Yahoo's are dumb.
Some people are sending us messages.
It's like, I didn't program Yahoo Answers
and get like a grassroots effort
to build its user base.
Yeah, but like a lot of people
are tapping that Yahoo Answers.
That is, that is true.
Sent in by Zoe Kinski,
climbing that ladder.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
We're just going to maybe refresh the page,
see if data might populate.
We'll see if this string,
this text field, no.
We're going to call him Ranald,
which is like Ronald,
but different, Ranald.
But more active.
Ranald asks,
how to convert sexual energy
into sporting and athletic prowess.
I've read that everyone
is really just sexual energy.
Correct?
Yeah.
Just sexual protons and electrons
just bounce off each other,
generating electricity and stuff.
I've read that everyone
is really just sexual energy.
I have lots of it
and a really high sex drive.
Wow.
And I want to convert the energy
so I can use it
in my non-sexual physical endeavors.
I do realize that when I'm horny,
I seem filled with a lot of raging energy.
You wouldn't like me when I'm horny.
I seem filled with a lot of raging energy,
but it's not there when I'm not.
How do I control and use
my massive sexual energy
so I can be a super athlete?
Oh, Ranald, you have to be so careful.
You gotta be careful, Ranald.
If you channel too much sexual energy,
like, say, onto the basketball court,
you are going to be getting
personal fouls left and right.
Yeah, against the audience.
Extremely personal fouls.
Against the viewers and the referees.
Against decency.
Against basketball shorts manufacturers.
No, okay.
I rarely defend Yahoo Answers questions.
But I get where a stupid person...
No, think about, like,
it's pretty common parlance
when you hear, like, the boxers
that, like, they won't sleep
with their wives before the fight
or their girlfriends before the fight
because they want to, like,
save it all for the ring.
That always confuses...
Save all that dude juice?
Right?
But just that idea of, like,
no, not before the fight.
Really?
Really?
What are you going to do in that fight?
Yeah.
Boy, will he be surprised.
All it takes at boxing,
you just mentioned the beautiful sport.
It's a game of, you know,
that takes place in those fractions
of hundreds of seconds.
And you got to, like,
they catch them off guard
and you get that good hook in.
And nothing's going to catch you off guard
like a fucking raging hog
inside billowy shorts with your name on it.
I think the key here is to just...
You got to do a little bit of, like,
like a fantasy projection,
the secret mnemonic device kind of thing
where if you're...
Let's say you're on the track at the meet
and you got to run a hundred meter dash
at...
You just got to, like,
keep telling yourself or pretend
that at the end of that a hundred meters,
there's a big old slice of juicy butt
waiting for you.
Yeah.
You'll be able to carve...
Like, if you're getting a touchdown
and you got the ball,
you just got to pretend like you're running
to slam it into a big old slice of juicy butt.
Yeah.
And you can do that with pretty much anything.
You can slam a basketball into a big,
juicy butt, you know?
Yeah, for sure.
It is important when you get that touchdown
that you then instantly remind yourself
that there is no juicy butt there.
Well, no, that's right.
You might get an excessive celebration.
That's why most touchdown dances
that people do
is actually just them looking for the butt.
Where's the butt?
Where is it?
Oh, he's left into the crowd.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, that's that Lambo leap.
That's that Lambo leap, my package.
More like Lamboner.
Yeah, got it.
It's just looking for butt anywhere you can find it.
You actually shouldn't-
Just prowling the crowd.
And that's why after most touchdown dances,
most sports athletes look so disappointed.
And then they have to cut the commercial instantly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You actually shouldn't break the spell
until the game's over.
So like, after you get a touchdown,
you have to try to tell yourself
the enemy team is trying to put their ball
into your butt.
Not your own butt,
but your butt that you own.
Your metaphorical butt.
Your metaphorical butt.
The juicy butt that you own yourself.
And so you got to defend the butt.
And then-
Oh.
So like an offensive lineman.
To them, the quarterback is the butt.
And they have to defend,
oh, we will defend this butt.
And that's why they dump the Colt Gatorade on a coach
who has the most sexual energy.
Oh yeah.
Because they're trying to kill their boner.
Hey dude, fucking cool it, okay?
Okay.
Coach, we get it.
That's why everybody slaps each other's butts.
Yeah.
So I guess-
Hey, you got the butt today.
If you're a defender then,
and you're rushing in to get a sack,
that must be instant gratification
because that quarterback looks like a big old butt.
You just go diving right into it.
Griffin, are you just quoting Denzel Washington's speech
from Remember the Titans?
You guys ever see somebody who's really good at curling?
In their mind, they're using a giant brush
to just polish up the juiciest slab of butt they can find.
Oh my God, the whole sport takes place on a big frozen butt?
It's all on a big butt
and they're just polishing up the butt
and they're thinking later on,
I'm gonna grab a fork and dig into this butt,
but not until I get it perfectly polished.
Oops, perfect score, 20 points.
That's why every NASCAR racer,
if you actually, most of the windows are fully tinted
so you can't see inside the car
because if you did,
you would see hanging from the rear view mirror
is like a novelty plushy butt.
And that's the carrot.
And the drivers get confused, yeah,
and they think, oh, I'm so close.
They'll never get it though.
They'll never get that butt.
Well, that's, I mean, that's the sad truth.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, they never do.
They never get that butt, it's never worth it.
It's so sad that our successful professional athletes
never have sex with anybody.
In olden times with car racing,
they used to have a butt on like a stick
that ran around the track
that people would just put on the brakes.
Now they have a HUD,
an electronic HUD AR display
to project a butt onto the windshield.
And all of this is why Wilt Chamberlain
was so bad at basketball.
Right, because he had to wear Google Glass
with a picture of a butt on it.
And he just used it all up.
And he used it all up.
It's just, you know, the original name of football,
what they used to call it was Tumbling Cut Golds.
I didn't know that, something I didn't know.
Some classmates of mine recently informed me
that I overused the phrase, oh geez,
whenever I'm surprised by anything.
This is really weird to me
because I've heard them all say it before
until they let me know they're only saying it
because they're making fun of me.
Oh no.
That's a good look.
Since then, everyone I've asked-
How do I get new friends?
It is something that only I say.
Is oh geez an okay catchphrase to have
or should I try to replace it with something else?
That's from Need a New Catchphrase in New York.
I'll point out to the listener at home
because they will not be privy to this information
that the question asker has spelled geez
two different ways in this email,
which makes me think that it's not something
they use in written correspondence all that often.
Or more of a vocal thing.
Potentially, in that last sentence,
they could be asking,
because they spelled it G-E-E-Z,
if it's okay if they change it to oh geez.
Oh geez.
I like it.
It's endearing.
But then again, I imagine by the time
we reach the end of this bit,
and we've said it two dozen times,
I will not find it endearing.
I think that you should do your...
I think it's okay to have little quirks like this.
I think it's okay.
Especially, you know what I like about it
is that it wasn't forced.
It wasn't something you decided,
hey, I'm gonna start saying this.
It just sort of wormed its way into your pattern.
You know what the problem is?
And your friends took this away from you.
Your innocence.
Because now, the next year when you say oh geez,
you'll click in your head.
You'll hear it and be like, I'm sorry.
That's what happened when Justin told me,
I say, let me throw this out too much.
You ruined it for me for a solid year.
I'm back on it now.
Other people will have to...
If I wasn't defending our listeners
from having to hear you say it all the time,
if it was just casual conversation between the two of us,
I would not have pointed it out.
I appreciate that.
We put out professional radio broadcast.
People hear this?
Can I ask you guys a question?
I think nobody used catchphrases
for like a wicked long time.
Did Charlie Sheen sort of kick this whole thing off?
Yes, Charlie Sheen started catchphrases.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm not saying...
Charlie Sheen, I'm not talking about Charlie Sheen
on his hit show, Taftman.
I'm talking about Charlie Sheen in life
when he started saying winning about himself,
and then like other people started saying winning,
and then they stopped pretty quickly.
But I think that planted the seeds in everyone's minds
of just like, you can just say a word
and have that sort of be your whole thing.
And then you can put it on, you know,
shirts and sell it and make money and stuff like that.
And I feel like people didn't do this
for like a really long time.
Maybe back in the 30s they did, right?
And it'd be like, show you for the haircut.
Try to say hello.
Yeah, and people would be like,
ha ha, good one, Charles.
I'm just confused.
Charles Sheen, senior.
Charles Sheen, senior, senior, senior.
Because that was the name
of the great, great, great grandfather of that family.
Not Estevez.
You know what I mean, though?
Is there anything here?
Is this something?
Is this something?
I think that it's hard to...
It's hard to catch these, right?
And like, it's hard to notice them
warming their way into your speech patterns
because people probably aren't calling you on it.
I think that, you know, if this bothers you,
if it bothers you that you say, oh geez,
feel free to correct it.
But I don't think it bothered you
because you were saying it and just like living your life.
Well, and here's the problem.
Here's where I think the catch is.
If you have a catchphrase,
it's like you burst into a party, right?
And you're like, the party's here, right?
Nobody cheers and it's awesome, right?
That's your catchphrase and you walk in.
Versus what this sounds like,
which is like a vocal tick where it's like,
you know, something happens in your immediate reaction
without thinking it's, oh geez, oh geez,
oh geez, oh geez, right?
Then you're not in control of it.
I just hit that point, by the way, where I hate it.
Yeah.
Where I could see where that would be a little bit
like disconcerting when you say it
and someone's like, you just said it.
And you're like, oh, did I?
Oh, I didn't even realize I did.
That can be off-putting.
I had this with Hachi Machi for a while.
Yeah, you sure did.
Hachi Machi, of course, is an expression
from the, I'll use the word failed.
I guess it had a couple seasons,
but John Lovitz's program, The Critic,
it was something that The Critic said, Hachi Machi.
It began as a reference to that hit series.
And at some point, it just sort of like got out of control
and then people would say Hachi Machi to me.
And I still think it's a pretty good thing to say,
but I definitely think I started leaning on it too much.
Our dear listeners will remember
when I, for like maybe two and a half years,
I couldn't go five minutes without just yelling,
get that dick.
And that was sort of like my personal brand.
I'll go ahead and call them what they were,
which is brand cuffs.
I just wanna say I'm very proud
and I hope our listeners are proud of me
in that I have done really well
at following my New Year's resolution
of not throwing it off to Luda as much.
It's been a long time since I did it not on purpose.
Yeah, well, and then there was that one time
that we were at a party and Luda was there
and you started to tell a story
and then he started to tell a story
like in the middle of your story
and you were like, oh no, please, Ludacris, go ahead.
Yeah.
Continue, Ludacris.
Please, Ludacris, go ahead and do me.
No, but you tell it better.
Yeah, yeah.
You tell it better, Ludacris.
No, you were there.
Like you were on set with Paul.
So you go ahead.
No, you do it now, please.
I just read it on IMDB.
I wasn't there firsthand, please.
Secondhand story.
Luda tells it best.
He does, ugh.
And he does the voices and like jumps back and forth.
Like he's doing an H-I-D-I.
You know, he's like jumping left and right
and talking to himself.
And his The Rock is spot on.
It's better than The Rock.
Yeah, so head on over.
He's more The Rock than The Rock at this point.
Head on over to maxfundstore.com
where you'll find our new Luda tells it best t-shirt
for sale in all sizes and colors.
Should we wrap?
Yeah, we should.
Yeah, folks, that's gonna do it for us
on this issue of My Brother, My Brother, Me,
a magazine apparently that we print.
Our zine.
Our zine.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We didn't do our feature on Bernie Sanders
and his campaign period.
Burning it to the streets.
But we will have a lot more fun
and frivolity for you next time.
So we hope you'll join us again.
And we do wanna say thanks again to MeUndies.
You can go to meundies.com slash my brother
and to get 20% off your first order
of the most comfortable underwear in the universe.
Oh my God.
I wanna say some quick thank yous
to people who have sent us things
to the East Coast My Brother, My Brother, Me post.po box.
Kyle sent us a lovely postcard.
Sarah sent us a graduation notice.
Robert sent us a graduation notice.
We gotta save the date from Kristy and Eric.
Sailor Steve sent us a postcard.
Adam and Shelley Evsons sent a lovely postcard.
Dane and Sean sent us some Sheetz cards
from my YouTube show, Things I Bought at Sheetz.
Kelsey slash Borf, that's her D and D name,
sent us a ghost horse book.
Donna sent us some lovely socks and stickers.
Remind me to get those socks to you guys.
They're from the UK, very continental.
And Brittany sent me a bunch of crunchy bars
which are Canadian, I think,
and have sea foam wrapped in chocolate.
And they were very delicious and I enjoy them very much.
So thank you to all of you.
And what is that P.O. box, Justin,
in case anybody wants to send you something?
P.O. box 54, Huntington Woods, Virginia, 25706.
Oh, and to whoever subscribed that box
to Western Horseman Magazine, go fuck yourself.
It's always full, and I hate you.
It's always full of eight issues of it
and I have to throw it directly into the car by.
An hourly magazine?
Like my brother, my brother, me,
it's a weekly magazine release.
Oh shit, that's amazing.
And if you would like to send anything
to the West Coast box, it is P.O. box 341769,
Los Angeles, California 90034.
Subscribe his ass to Western Horseman.
I would love that.
I don't own a P.O. box for this specific reason.
I'm gonna actually say, if you're hearing this,
hopefully we'll get it out today on Tuesday.
Please send in questions, and Yahoo's,
if you usually do, don't wait,
because we have to record another episode
sometime in the next 72 hours,
because I'm leaving town for like 10 days
and we have to get one in,
and I'm really worried that we won't have enough
questions and stuff.
So please send in questions, Yahoo's,
Drew, Rachel, Zoe, Ira, the usuals, everybody, please.
Jacob Locker, come out of retirement,
dust off your brain.
Yeah, he's actually sent some stuff in, I think.
I love all my precious children.
Anyway, please send in stuff,
because we're gonna need a lot of it.
And if you know any hot shit in Hong Kong,
drop us a line, bim bam, at maximumfun.org.
No racist jokes, though.
I asked on Twitter a couple days ago,
like, hey, what's good in Hong Kong?
I got a lot of racist jokes.
Not from listeners of the show, I'm sure,
but just, you know, let me keep that shit in line.
Just a reminder, Candle Nights 2015
is coming up December 21st.
It's a Monday in Huntington, West Virginia,
at the Big Sandy Superstore Arena.
Tickets are on sale, bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights 2.
I'm willing to bet at this point,
we haven't gotten the numbers yet,
but I'm betting we've sold about 50% of the tickets.
That's my guess at this point.
We'd love to see you there.
It's our holiday, spectacular.
Sawbones is gonna be there.
We're gonna be there.
It's in our hometown, so that's always fun.
Last year, we had a day named after us by the mayor,
and we dressed up as ghosts.
Who knows what fun and frivolity will happen this year,
and we would love it if you were there.
Go to bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights 2.
I think that's gonna do it for us, Max.
I think that's it.
Oh, thanks.
It's our network.
Thanks to them for having us,
and go to all the shows there, they're great.
Yes, yes, and thanks to John Roderick
and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
instead of our trophy album, Putting the Days to Bed.
We haven't done that, have we?
What, no, no.
Talked about it and thanked John Roderick.
I spent a lot of time yesterday actually listening
to When I Pretend to Fall.
I mean, you know what?
What if for like the next few episodes,
instead of recommending Putting the Days to Bed,
which is what our theme song is from,
we'd recommend other great Long Winters albums.
That sounds good to me.
Also, just a quick reminder,
because we got a couple emails about it this week.
If you would like a Jumbotron,
if you would like us to talk about you in the Money Zone,
wish someone a happy birthday,
talk about your website, whatever you would like,
go to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron to sign up.
But just a word of warning,
we're sold out for the next couple months.
So if you would like something read
and say January, February, March,
now is the time to buy it.
So don't wait or it may be a little while
before you actually get to hear your message.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Aaron Kiss or Kiss.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Anders who asks,
how to get a haircut similar to Joseph Stalin
without showing the girl who cuts my hair
a picture of Joseph Stalin?
I'm Joseph McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Get that dick.
This has been my brother, my brother,
and me, Kiss Your Dad's Grown Alips.
Luda!
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
I'm Jordan Morris.
The federal government has millions of dollars
in programs and opportunities
that you need to seize today.
You're a taxpayer, right?
Well, then you've got it coming.
Thanks to Uncle Sam,
you can learn to get grants for education.
Learn to ride a llama.
Print money the old fashioned way.
Force your dog to stop being so rambunctious.
Make a souffle that sets and stays set.
Mount the heads of your enemies on spikes.
Grind your own corrective lenses
using just rock salt and diamonds.
For all of this and more,
drop us a line.
Don't wait.
Right now.
Jordan, Jesse, go.
123 iTunes Street
or wherever you download podcasts.
