The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest baby baby, Griffin McElroy. Back in the saddle, fuck nuts. Sorry, I just wanted to
say back in the saddle. I just got back from a brunch with Arnani. Oh, how's she? She is doing
well. She is- has been in town for the week, uh, and we just got- we went to Black Sheep for brunch,
and I was instructed to give you guys these two kisses. Which- which one did I- The first one was
for Travis, and the second one was for Griffin. I wanted- I went to brunch, what did you have?
I wanted the second one, so I'm happy about how that turned out. Did that one sound more-
The first one was pretty dry, and if I'm gonna get an Arnani kiss, I want those wet smackers.
Is that a- is that a scared laugh, or was it an uncomfortable laugh? It's a little bit of- it's
sort of in the middle there. Um, Justin, your hands are on the issue. What did you have for brunch?
Inquire him. I- listen, I had chicken and waffles. Nice. The chicken is in, uh, Honey Nut Cheerios.
Don't mind if I do. Not. Don't mind if I do. Like, wait, just like a bowl of cereal? No,
it's like ground up and fried in that. How about I do that with you? That sounds wonderful. What
did our sweet Nani get? Sweet Nani got blueberry, uh, uh, french toast. It was so sweet, she asked
for more syrup. There wasn't enough. She got sweet- She got sweet teeth. She got a bunch of sweet
teeth in those wet lips. Also, she told me that she's really into Arrow and is looking forward
to checking out Flashed. We can't- All the CW programming, Arnani is down with it, so if you've
got any questions about Arrow or the Flash, check out Arnani's podcast on TV with Nani.
She into Harda Dixie? Is she all caught up on Harda Dixie? Yeah, you know she's into Harda Dixie.
I think that's how she got her foothold in the CW network. Uh, listen, as funny as this has all been-
Has it? I want to help people. That's what we came here to do. It's been a while since we've
recorded an episode remotely. Want to say another huge thank you to everybody, uh, who came out to
the live shows at New York at the People's Improv Theater. Thank you. Thank you for all the gifts.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. I want to say thank you again to Prohibition Bakery. I've been talking about their
alcoholic cupcakes, like, since we got back. I've been preaching the good word. And that nice couple
from Florida that, like, shipped Diet Cheerwine to New York to give to us. Amazing. So many
sweethearts. So many sweethearts. And we got some, like, glorious, like, gourmet chocolates,
and I cannot remember who they're from. So if they're from you, send me an email or a tweet
and let me know so I can- Sorry, guys. Y'all send us too many gifts. Uh, and, uh, Justin Gray was
there. He gave us some art. Oh, yeah. That's that he- That shit's so- I'm framing that. Oh, and for
the- For the people that asked, the merch that was available during the live show will be available,
uh, for sale online as well, uh, but not until after the L.A. live show. Um, yeah. We'll be-
we'll be deploying those other two live shows and our upcoming L.A. live show, which sold out
in, I think, 11 minutes. So thank you for that, Los Angeles. Um, we'll be putting all those up
eventually, um, as- Yeah. As- As the need arises. We're trying to break it up because we know that
live shows aren't everybody's bag, so we're trying to, like, intersperse- I'm sorry that the audio
quality wasn't, like, awesome. We- We were hard pressed to find a good solution for that, um,
but that's- that's- And we originally had more time to tech the show, but because we did a 1.30
show- Yeah. We had to rush it 1.30. Good job, everybody. Well, and that's gonna be the episode,
so thank you guys very much, uh, and we'll talk to you next week. This is the new face of my
brother, my brother, me. We can play for four minutes. Wait, well, we gotta do ads. So we'll
edit in ads between the two minutes of complaining. Two minutes up top, two minutes at the back.
I love nature boxing, but fucking hate everything else. Bleh. Let's help people. That's what we
came here to do. I recently had to kill some time waiting for a friend to get home and decided to
get some Taco Bell. Oh, the best way to pass time. I relaxed in my car in the parking lot
to listen to some bim-bam-bim-bam. Name of our show. Got it. Eat tacos while I waited for my
friend to get home. Once I was done with- I love this question. Once I was done with my tacos,
I was still hungry. Would it be weird for me to go back in and get some more drive-thru tacos
knowing that the girl in the window just saw me there like ten minutes ago?
Yeah, fucked up. I think you can pull it off- when you roll up to the window, you just say,
again. Again. That's- hit me again, bar taco tender. I'm gonna have to cut you off, sir.
You've had three Doritos Lopez. I think this is from fretful fourth meal, but I think you mean
fifth, technically speaking. If you have another fourth meal, that makes it your fifth meal or 4.5.
Your eighth meal, possibly. I think it's wonderfully sweet of you to worry about this.
If you think that you are like the only person that day that did that, then you're a little
naive, my friend. Hey, Sheila. Yeah, I'm scooping back around for a double dip. Oh, Tony. Hi, sir.
Welcome to Taco Bell. What would you like? Oh, you know what I fucking like. That same shit,
one moguian. Can I get the berry one moguian special? Barry, we have asked you repeatedly
to just order twice as much food, but I like it to stay warm. It's cold by the time I get to number
six. Let me get the number 18. Do you mean two number nines? One moguian. All right. I actually
mean six number threes. Actually, however you want to break it up, it's all pretty.
Can I get a 30 of your Doritos Locos, please? Por favor. Grazie.
How late is your friend that you had time to drive to Taco Bell, drive back to your home,
and then contemplate driving back to Taco Bell? You know what's the craziest part of this question
is, I got some time to kill, I'll go eat some shitty taco. Typically, you do that when your
gut needs sustenance or gym mats, which is the more accurate. I need to put ground up gym mats
in my tummy. We've had a lot of fun here today. I want to call BS on this question. There has never
been a human on planet Earth that has finished eating Taco Bell and thought, that's a decision
I'd make again. If I could play that again, I'd play it the exact same way. I think I'd really
play it one last time. Hey, you know what? You know what? I just did a perfect job.
I did a perfect job in that Taco Bell drive through. I think at that point, you have to go
back and just ask for a sack full of Senna twists or whatever they're called. Just like,
I'm back for dessert. You tempted me with your dessert menu. Are Senna twists just churros that
they chopped up? Yes. They're just murdered churros. I wish they'd be more forthcoming about
that. I think they have real ass churros now, but it's like, you know, it's the Taco Bell style,
so they're like in Doritos. It's a bunch of cinnamon twists glued together.
I made you a composite churro. Enjoy it. We ground up Senna twists, then batter dipped
a chicken tender in it, then fried it. It's a churro. Here's the second one. That sounds baller.
It sounds fucking really good, actually. That's on the breakfast menu, I think.
Just put on a large mustache and a sombrero. That's racist.
It's a disguise. It's not. Yeah, super racist disguise. Wow,
somebody went to the McLemore school of fast food disguises. It was an accident. It was an accident.
I went to Taco Bell in a super racist Mexican costume. It was an accident.
Okay, you got to go through and say, I've traveled back in time to find myself from the past. Did
you see me come through here earlier? Also, can I get a composite churro? Can I have exactly?
I'll have what he's having. Past me, I mean. The only way I can track myself down is to eat the
exact same thing past me ate, and then see the feelings that leads, what buildings that lead.
Have you guys seen Looper? It's exactly that. I'll eat-
Except you're going to Taco Bell, so it's Pooper. I'll eat what he ate, and then get on the
interstate, driving the same direction he was driving, and then I will know where he stopped
to have diarrhea. Y'all want a Yahoo? Yeah. I think that helped.
Didn't. This Yahoo was sent in by EmeraldMember, level 14, Yahoo shaman,
Drew Davenport. Thank you, Drew. It's by Yahoo Answers user, Nick, who has a 0% score on Yahoo.
But he scored Nick? What? That's his username? His name is Nick. I just thought that that would go
quick. Oh, I don't know if they have to be unique, because there's somebody here named Michael,
which, and a Frank, and a Chantel. Anyway, Nick asks, how come my uncle thinks that my hobby is
stupid and weird? I am an elevator enthusiast, and I film myself going up and down in an elevator
and upload it to YouTube. I like riding high-rise elevators in office buildings, and I get a lot of
money in my hobby. My uncle thinks that my hobby is stupid and weird and is a waste of money. He
thinks that paying for gas and parking is a waste of money. Most of the time, I only have to pay $5
for parking at an garage in downtown of any city I go to. How come my uncle thinks that my hobby is
weird and stupid and is a waste of money? Listen, I want to be super clear here. Please. Because
if Roman Mars has taught me anything, there's some amazing shit when it comes to architecture,
and I imagine the way that elevators work, it's super cool, and you could find something like
old-timey, like they had an elevator operator, and they're super cool and awesome. The idea of
filming oneself riding an elevator for the enjoyment of others is the stupidest thing
I've ever heard. I don't give a fuck if it's a glass-bottom elevator that goes up Tokyo Tower
at night. Oh, it's so beautiful. I would not watch that fucking video on YouTube. Also,
that situation does exist because almost all elevators are little windowless coffins that
you lock yourself in for 20 seconds. Hey, speaking of, did you guys hear about Willis Tower?
Oh, but the glass- Oh, fuck. Yes. Holy shit. Willis Tower, uh, nay, Sears Tower in Chicago.
The tallest tower basically in the world. If we give in to calling it Willis Tower,
then what hope is there for our children? Sears Tower. Sears Tower has these glass overhangs
that were supposed to hold up to five tons, and you go out and you stand on them, and then you
just look down, and then it's nothing but net. And by net, I mean falling death. And you stand out
there. Justin Travis and I had giant tanooki balls, and we got out there like, what's up?
Just us in free space. And we took all kinds of pictures like, look how cool we are. We'll never
die. Somebody took a picture of their last week, glass broke in the bottom. Didn't shatter. They
didn't fall through, but they are crunch? Later. I guess I'll weigh five tons. Time to get on CrossFit.
Can you imagine being the employees up there when it's like,
Oh no, go, go, no, go ahead. Oh, come on. That little girl's doing it. What are you, a puss- Oh,
shit. I, I led to the death of a family of four. Not again. Do you know, like, how different my
life is now that I have a child on the way versus then? At that exact- Jesus Christ. My wife stuck
out behind me and scared the shit out of me. I wasn't talking about you. I was talking about
something else. It's okay. Hi. All right. Bye, sweetheart. Good radio. What just happened?
Sydney literally stuck up behind me and scared- It's okay. We'll edit this part out. That's a nice
moment. I'm going to leave that in. That was a nice moment. I love it. I'm very frightful.
Talk about how much your life has changed. Yes. Oh, thank you. That's right. It's crazy how much
my life has changed now that I have a child on the way. When we did that initially, it was right
before our first Chicago live show and I, or our only Chicago live show, I guess. And I just jumped
out there and took the picture and didn't give it a second thought. Is that how that happened? I
wasn't scared at all. I was the one who was terrified. Travis was terrified. I mean, I don't
give a shit. Today, if you asked me to do that today, not only would I not take the stupid
elevator up to the top, I would like, who's that guy welding shut all the doors to the weird glass
breakable coffins? Oh, that's old man McElroy. This is what he does in his days. He tries to
keep people from dying 24 hours a day. That would be me now. No way I do that. Let's talk about this.
Does it matter? That seems like an irrational fear to me to like go up Willis tower and be like
afraid because really all it takes is maybe three stories and you're done. So three stories for me,
my bones, my lactose intolerant calcium deficient bones, two stories and I'm, I'm gonzo. I'm done.
Basically Humpty Dumpty. I am Humpty Dumpty with these fucking unbreakable breakable bones.
Uh, anyway, elevator video monetization. What's this guy's secret and how can I get some of that
elevator video money? You think there's a market demanding this kind of coverage? He says he makes
lots of money doing it. Okay. He doesn't, but I think maybe what it is is for people who are
scared about it, that they can like get over it, check out what the elevator is going to be like
before they go. Or do you think it's a weird like fetish? Uh, always forever. Everything's a fetish.
Everything, every moment you see in magazines, television is fulfilling somebody's weird fetish.
I think it's like a big, big like cable fed pussy.
Cause if you think about like the, if you think about it, like if you think about like this,
if you think about it, then there's like, it's connected to like the pulley
by those wires could be like, like, um, fallopian tubes. That's why you said that dirty word very
quietly Griffin. What I'm saying is that women's it goes vagina, which connects the fallopian tube.
That's the wire. That's correct. And then the fallopian tube connects to the zygote and that's
where the baby comes out of. That's correct. Nailed it. And the clitoris is the button for the 13th
floor. Cause it does not exist. Oh, what? Maybe I'll try jerking off to this. Like maybe something's
got to work for you. God, what's it going to be? Gumball machines. I have entered a phase of my
life where I'm dating a lot. Nice. When I take nice, you're doing it. I take a late, uh, when I
take a lady out to a nice restaurant, where do I sit? Do I sit next to her hand holding or do I sit
across from her to look her in the eye and have room to eat my food? That's from which side in
Wichita. Always across the table. I disagree. Disagree. Disagree. So I thought predictably,
predictably, I thought this would be the result. That's why I included this question. A disagree.
Here's the thing. Ditto. If I may, I agree with you. If it's like a first, second, third date,
I love sitting on the same side as Teresa and talking about all the other couples in the
restaurant. If you can't, if I'm, I'm, I'm literally, I know this is actually an old man.
I'm literally at a point now where I don't hear as well. Like if I'm, if I'm across the table,
it, I feel like I'm shouting the whole time and I can't hear. I like to just snuggle right up
in that, in that other seat. Why waste a whole booth? We're not children. If we sit across from
each other, Teresa can see me eating, which is not, it's not good. Look, no, not for continued
marital bliss. The other thing I like about sitting on the same side is that I can demand
fruitlessly that the waitress seat another couple in the adjoining side of the booth.
Can you mix it up? Can you mix it up just enough to mix doubles?
We need euchre partners. Can you please?
We're, we're trying to make new friends at Max and Irma's.
I was just sitting-
Could you send out Max and Irma?
I've been sitting here like literally slack jawed with shock. I can't bel- I didn't think
I didn't think anybody did that. I didn't think anybody did that.
Eye contact is so much more, I'll just say it, erotic than hand holding. So you look into the
windows of her soul and you have that going for you. It's easier, like sound, you don't have to
like turn your neck to the left or right to like talk to them. Both of you have instant
bathroom access. That's not a joke.
I know it's not.
I'm surprised that you, Justin, I'm surprised that you most of all, Tin Man,
that you're not keeping your exits wide, vis a vis bathroom.
Ah, do you think I'm ever on the inside? Let me disabuse you.
Well, now you've got a, your wife is pregnant. She probably goes to the bathroom
more than you, which is a fact that I never thought would be true.
I am happy to let her out. She can get out if she wants.
You're so kind.
That's, this is, I can't-
You don't make your pregnant wife crawl under the table. No, not unless I drop a breadstick.
I can't.
Then I do ask if she can hop down there right quick.
A little help?
A little help. Yeah, sorry Griffin, this is like, I don't, I don't like sitting across,
I feel like there's too much room, especially with like some of these big tables. It's like
really big and there's a crazy amount of distance and I don't like being that far from my wife.
Like, I just like us to be close to each other so we can chat.
Rachel and I only eat at intimate bistros because that's all that exists here in Austin.
It's all intimate bistros.
That could be, okay, so that could actually be, you may be kidding on the square here
and, and I've hit upon something.
All of the restaurants in Huntington have to be built to accommodate and
whatever the table equivalent of an airplane seatbelt extender is,
every table has to be fit to fit for that sort of
human, human frame.
Yeah.
That sort of frame.
And I think that that might be the problem is like, it's just so far in such a distance.
Yeah.
Plus they have to have all the room for all of the food.
Another thing, like you brought up snuggling and that's just crazy to me because like
Rachel nor I like to be touched when our mouth is, is full of quinoa.
You know what I mean?
Like when I'm, when I'm jaw full of quinoa.
Well, no, I'm not talking about because my, my giant chompers might accidentally
remove one of their digits.
Okay.
Just me.
That's cool.
Because I'm not a fucking Wolverine.
Okay.
That's fine.
No, I mean like it's not, this is not touching time.
Sometimes I, listen, I love my wife.
I'm sure that you guys too do love your wives.
Um, sometimes there are non-touching times.
Sometimes there are times where you're not.
But what about when you want to sensually feed each other?
That's a great question.
What about when you do want to sensually feed each other?
Then do it across the table from each other.
But then you risk like dropping the food on the table.
Some people are okay with that.
Some people are sensual.
That's not erotic.
That's a sloppy boy.
Some people are okay with maybe once a month letting a piece of food not get eaten.
Now here's the thing, Griffin.
I, I hate to disagree with you, but anyone who's ever eaten with me knows that I leave
quite the wake of debris around me when I am done.
Travis, I hate to disagree with you, but you don't hate to disagree with anybody.
That is correct.
I love to disagree with you, but.
Um.
But.
And.
I would say.
And here it comes.
And so, as I was saying, I think that when, when you first start dating,
you should always sit across the table because that's eye to eye contact,
conversation.
It's all keyed in the getting to know you process.
I think once you reach a certain comfort level with each other,
I actually usually kind of go the way of the seating.
If, if the, if the, you know, host or pulls out the two chairs beside each other,
I trust his judgment.
I go with it.
I am.
You trust his take on your relationship.
Yeah.
If he's like, oh, this looks like a side-by-side catty corner kind of thing.
I'm like, okay.
Nailed it.
But in a booth, in a booth, in a four-seater booth, you guys will fucking just use one bench.
Oh God, no.
Oh God, no.
Oh God, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, I'm talking like a four top, you know.
Okay.
I was thinking about a booth and here I was thinking like my brothers are lunatics.
No, same side, same side.
No, same side of the booth.
Oh see, I, I, I think you are wrong there because that looks like you're waiting for
another person to turn into a ghost.
Or that you're just lunatic.
I would give that table a wide berth as I walked by to the bathroom for the third time.
Absolutely.
I'm sorry.
I don't care how it looks.
I love love and I love being with my wife and I'm not going to change for anybody.
If you sit on the same side of the booth with your wife, you guys have to practice and coordinate
that every time the server walks up, you guys turn your head in unison.
At the same time.
Yes.
Yes.
We need nothing else to part.
We require more Sprite.
Also, we cosplay the code heads everywhere we go.
That's the other thing about it.
I was thinking that you, like a meet Dave scenario where you guys have little people
powering your human shaped starships.
No, you know, like the classic meet Dave and everyone will understand the reference.
Your Eddie Murphy starships are powered by Sprite.
Like in the movie, Meet Dave, sponsored by Sprite.
Did you see me, Dave, sponsored by Sprite?
Did you see Pluto Nash also sponsored by Sprite?
Do you know what would have been a better movie?
He's been deep in the pocket of big Sprite.
Yeah.
Do you know what would have been a better movie than Meet M-E-E-T Dave?
What?
Meet M-E-A-T Dave.
Yeah.
What's the plot?
Give me a synopsis.
He's made of meat and he thinks other people are all controlled by robots.
And he thinks that he's the only person that is actually flesh and bone.
He's insane.
Okay.
And he's Tony Shalhoub and-
And he's just cutting open people looking for their tiny-
He's cutting open people looking for the robots inside.
There's no Eddie Murphy in here.
Right.
He's looking for the little Eddie Murphy inside all of us.
Well, aren't we all?
And it turns out he's a serial killer and who should stop him but Batman.
Okay.
Played by Eddie Murphy.
Meet Dave, Gotham Knights.
Yes.
I don't- listen.
Eddie Murphy can't play more than one role in the same movie at the same time.
What are you talking about?
Madman.
Madman.
He's everybody in Mad Men.
How about another Yahoo answer question?
Yeah, hit me.
I can't believe you sit on the same fucking side of a booth as your wife.
I don't want to keep-
She seems to like it, but this is probably one of those deathbed confessions I want to hear about.
This Yahoo was sent in by Anna Schlumbom.
Thank you, Anna.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Davis B.
0% best answers.
Lot of shitheads.
Davis B. asks, what are the top five best tuba brands?
I have- I have no idea what the best tuba brands are except I know Yamaha is probably good.
If Miraphone isn't in your top five, what do you think of it?
You don't want a Miraphone.
No.
You don't want a Miraphone.
You want to go with Blaster Phone.
Blaster Phone is really good.
It's a weird like sort of acoustic electric mix.
And they cost $4 at a gas station.
And it is a tuba shaped toy.
But you'd be amazed.
You'd be amazed at the kind of rich DBs you can get out of one of those bad boys.
There's also a button that makes it sound like a dog barking.
You don't get that on any of the other like upscale tubas.
No.
No, there's no dog barks in a Miraphone.
Yamaha does if you let a dog bark into it.
I like a nice inflatable tuba.
Interesting.
Not an especially rich sound.
No, but I mean it's much easier to carry.
Yeah.
And it can save your life if you like fall out of a boat.
Justin, did you- did you ever- I don't want to- I don't want to draw up any generalizations here.
You weren't a tuba man, right?
You were a coronet- a coronet fella.
No, I was a euphonium or a baritone horn.
And what's the difference between a baritone horn and a tuba?
The one you made up?
What?
No, it's just- they're just other low brass instruments are basically the same.
One's more for marching, one's more for concert.
At least I think.
I never paid that close attention.
I didn't learn all the notes.
But I learned maybe six or seven notes.
And how long did you play?
Blurt, blart, blurt, blart.
It depends on how- whether it was a whole note or a half note, Trav.
And then- can you give me a- can you give me a half note?
Half.
Okay.
There's a one, two, three, four.
Half.
Here comes the whole note, you ready?
Quarter note?
Quar- quarter- quarter.
What is it?
Quarter.
I got eight- I got eight notes coming, listen to this.
Eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight.
What's that?
Six teeth notes?
No, it can't be done, it can't be done, it can't be done.
Six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six.
Oh no, you summoned- you summoned the devil.
That is-
And now you have to have a tuba battle with the devil.
A tuba battle with the devil for your soul.
The devil is-
Blurt, blart, blurt, blurt, blurt, blurt, blurt.
Justin went down to Georgia.
It took him a long time because tubas are heavy.
He was pretty tired by the time he got there.
There, he took a little nap.
Why didn't you guys go pro?
Travis, you were a tromboner, right?
I was, a trombonist, please.
The reason I did not go pro with my trombone skills
is that there were three other trombonists
in my middle school band,
and what we did was each of us learned
one fourth of the song,
and then that person would play their part
while the other three just moved the slides up and down
until your part came around,
and then you'd pick it up and the other three would drop out.
Was there not like a clear,
like you're playing, you can call me Al,
and during halftime it's like-
No, because then you just put your mouth
to the mouthpiece and go,
boo-doo-doo-doo, boo-doo-doo-doo.
No, no, but I'm saying there would be like a clear,
like one of you is clearly better than the other,
so it'd be like,
ah, ah, ah, ah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
Chris Cumming was just amazing.
He was the trombone to stop.
Yeah.
And so we had to have a talk.
I think every trombonist is the trombonist to stop.
We had to have a little talk with Chris.
He was making us all look bad.
He said, hey, cool it out, hotshot.
I never did band.
That's weird, Griffin,
because you're probably the most musically inclined
of the three of us.
I mean, I used the instrument of my diaphragm.
My vaginal birth control device.
And he never got pregnant, so I was like.
No, you know, I wanted to,
but I didn't know where to even fucking start.
What I wanted to know was when somebody decides to do band
and they also decide that they don't want to do it,
but that they have to do it,
then do you try as hard as you can to get the piccolo?
Cause that seems like the fucking jam.
Just like carry around these two double A batteries.
All right, yeah, I can do that.
This is the crazy thing to me.
I remember very clearly the first day of middle school band
and the teacher said, okay,
what instrument does everyone want to play?
And 50% of the class wanted to play drums.
And 50% of the class wanted to play saxophone.
And that was it.
Well, that was during the Clinton, that was the Clinton.
She was like, okay, listen,
somebody's got to do trumpet.
Somebody's got to do trombone.
All of us really enjoyed the new musical phenomena
that is Dave Matthews band.
We did it.
But some of you, first off, we don't have any violins.
So you guys need to leave.
Cause neither of you ended up with what I would consider
to be a light instrument that I, and I don't hope,
I really hope I don't offend you.
A couple of lazy fucks can just like carry around
in the hot sun.
Here's what happened.
I did use my trombone for self-defense once.
Oh, I remember that.
It's the only fight you ever won.
That's good.
Here's the thing I wanted to tell you
about everything that you don't know from band.
Here's how I remember it.
I started learning to play trumpet.
That's how I got my start.
But my lips were too big to play trumpet well.
Oh, I see. It hurt me.
Yeah.
Which makes me think that maybe they don't assign,
maybe they just let you pick
because any self-respecting music teacher
would take a look at these luscious, luscious.
That you got from your nanny, clearly.
These luscious kiss machines and said like,
I don't know.
I think this is a baritone or euphonium man
and not a trumpet man.
So I flushed the, I wasted the best year of my life
trying to learn how to play trumpet.
Justin, I don't know when the best year
of your life is,
but it definitely fucking didn't happen
at Comac Middle School.
I just know they closed Comac.
You know that both Comac and Miller Elementary are no more.
Miller was turned to dust and Comac they,
we outlived, basically what I'm saying
is we outlived both of them.
Good.
So hooray for us.
Yeah.
Oh man, I'm gonna miss those blue streaks.
What even the fuck is a blue streak?
Get a better mascot.
Oh wait, you can't.
You can't, you're dead.
You're dead.
We beat you.
We beat you middle school.
You're the fucking shittiest three years ever
anyone has to go through.
If you're listening to this podcast
in your middle school,
first of all, that's awesome.
Second of all, keep on.
Just keep pushing.
It's the worst.
It's the absolute pits.
My little sister-in-law Riley graduated
and I looked at her and I was like,
I just want you to know
that you've finished the hardest thing you'll ever do.
Yeah.
There's nothing.
There's literally nothing.
There's literally nothing.
Trust me, I've gone out pretty far out ahead of you.
There is no point in your life
at which you go,
I am both dealing with as much shit
as I did in middle school
and also can't like, I don't know, drink or smoke
or drive a car or a boat.
And I'm slowly jizzing a little bit 24-7
and I don't understand why.
Listen, we start Money Zone with a danger box.
Every time I talk about how hungry you are,
how about you order some snacks
before you get fucking hungry?
I order them now.
I did.
I asked them to re-up my snack subscription this week,
but they haven't come in yet.
Nature box is, it's like, okay.
So you get hungry, right?
That happens to everybody sometimes.
Not me.
Okay.
And you want a snack.
So you go to the vending machine.
Oh my God, it's all chemicals and butter.
That's the only thing in that machine.
And a high fructose corn syrup is garbage.
Nature box is like that.
It's like a vending machine
in a cardboard box in your house.
That it doesn't-
But it doesn't have butter and chemicals.
It doesn't put money into it, it doesn't vent stuff in.
You just open the box and then you open the package
and then you eat it.
Oh, so kind of like a box.
Yeah, kind of like a box.
The more we live with this metaphor,
I feel like the shine's nearly off the apple,
but it doesn't have our official stuff.
And sometimes when you're trying to eat the pralines,
it gets stuck in the box and you have to shake the box.
Get out of there.
Oh, wait, it's a box.
I can just open it.
The nature box lets you pick the snacks you want.
You log onto their website, naturebox.com,
and you're gonna be able to pick the South Pacific,
plantain chips and everything, bagel sticks,
and the BBQ kettle kernels, the vanilla almond clusters,
French toast granola, that's what I like.
And you can, it's like a subscription thing.
You tell them what snacks you want
and they'll send them to you.
They're delicious.
Ooh, ooh, they're good.
I'm getting hungry right now just thinking about them.
And when they send them to you,
it's free shipping anywhere in the U.S., so.
Ooh, does that include the non-contiguous states?
I must assume so.
Does that include the secret states?
It does. Better than all of this
is that we can get you 50% off your first box.
You go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and you're gonna get fit and healthy and 50% off.
So it's a steal.
Don't wait.
Stay full, stay strong.
Get fed.
Do you think I just scared the shit
out of all of our listeners in the secret states?
They're like, oh no, he knows.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.
Tell all of my friends in upper Montana.
It's a secret state on top of Montana.
You didn't think anything was up there.
Beyond the fog, beyond the wall, beyond the fog wall.
What is that?
It's a secret state called upper Montana.
Our next live show is in upper Montana, by the way.
It's great.
We're in the badlands of upper Montana.
Inside the spiral cave.
All our attendees are gonna be goblins.
And we will be stoned as shit.
We had to bring our roto cycle
and we'll trade bottle caps for more water rations.
And it's gonna be a great show.
It's gonna be a really great show.
We'll all probably die.
Guys, you've tried Hulu on your computer.
I know that you have.
You're probably doing it right now as we record.
You're probably watching, I don't know, Survivor
or something.
Let me tell you about Hulu Plus though.
Cause it's a lot better.
With Hulu Plus, you can watch current season episodes
of your favorite shows like Family Guy, Parks and Rec,
Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.
You can watch every episode of shows like Community
and South Park, but there's a lot more to it than that,
isn't there?
Yes.
Great, is there?
I'm glad we had this talk.
You can also, aside from just like your mobile device
or tablet or whatnot, you can also watch it on computer,
smart TV, Roku, Apple TV, Xbox, PlayStation,
pretty much like anything you have that you could stream
shit to, you can watch Hulu Plus on.
Can you imagine?
They have archived shows, like every episode
of older television programming.
It's not on the air anymore.
They have original programming like Deadbeat,
a comedy about a pot smoking guy that talks to ghosts.
Don't all pot smoking guys talk to ghosts, though?
They do, and if you think about how much you pay a month
for cable.
$800.
Yeah, and if you're not paying for like some kind
of DVR service, they come on and they're gone.
That's a wasted resource.
You're paying for shows that you don't get a chance
to watch.
With Hulu, it's just $7.99 a month, and it's always there.
So if you say, oh, I don't have time to watch the new episode
of Parks and Recreation, it's cool.
It'll still be there two hours later.
You didn't miss it.
From two hours later to up until the heat death
of the universe.
Yeah.
That's how long your episode's gonna last on Hulu Plus.
What if I don't wanna pay for it right now?
What's your fucking problem?
These guys are giving us money to talk about
how great their product is.
You could say like, I wanna pay for this right now.
Nothing's gonna stop me from paying for this.
Take my money.
But we are gonna stop you,
because you're gonna Hulu Plus comp slash my brother.
Whoa, wanna try that again there, speed demon?
Whoa!
Whoa!
Did you just have a typo in your mouth?
Did you just have a vocal typo?
Hulu Plus dot com slash my brother.
You know it's a good mental typo
when you are trying to correct it as you say it.
Dot com slash my bro for, oh shit.
Sorry, I got off the home row.
Hulu Plus dot com slash my brother,
and you get two weeks for free.
Go there right now.
I'm tired of dealing with you.
One more quick thing I want everybody to do.
Go to WednesdayWolf.com and make the world stranger.
Oh my shit, this stuff is awesome.
Yeah, what are we talking about here, paintings?
Yeah, it's paintings, drawings, it's kind of,
it reminds me a lot,
have you ever read the book The Hungry Caterpillar?
If you took those little illustrations
and ran them through like an LSD filter.
Yeah, a lot of these paintings are painted with,
and this is a quote, watercolor, ink, so far so good,
and various bodily fluids, not yet convicted of murder
is what this person says.
Great, great, great.
Our friends RushFreshTick and Chris Plant
have a video series called The Cooperatives
and they were actually turned into a piece of art.
That hasn't come down from my brother and me yet,
but I'm holding that hope.
There's some really great,
genuinely terrifying stuff in here.
A lot of Pokemon, which I appreciate.
I might buy one of them,
but I don't wanna accidentally touch someone else's jizz.
Do we get a no jizz guarantee on some of these paintings?
Wednesdaywolf.com and make the world stranger.
Go, go, you gotta look.
Be free. Just go look.
Just go look at it.
I got a message for Zach Doring.
That's a guess on that pronunciation.
It's from Feliza Doring.
I bet I didn't get either of those right,
and I'm just trying.
You got one out of four so far.
Okay, Zatch.
I am so proud of everything you've done
in the last couple of years.
I love you so much.
Congrats on 10 years of service
and welcome to civilian life.
Love, KK.
P.S., deployment emails have been taken to a new level.
So that's-
I don't know what that means,
but it sounds intense.
Zach, thank you so much for your service.
It is not specifically outlined
if you were in the military
or maybe some sort of underground secret spy crime ring.
He was in the upper Montana police.
In the upper Montana mounted police.
He was a barbarian in the upper Montana police force.
He was a potion alchemist.
Thank you for your help up there.
You know, the potion alchemist,
they don't see a lot of like field time,
but it's just as dangerous
because they're trying new spells every day,
and those shapes can blow up in your face.
People think the Bolt Rangers have it easy.
No.
And you think that they just like,
the goblins see the fog wall
and they're like, we'll stay back.
No, they'll step to it.
And fucking Zach, King beyond the fog wall,
stays there and keeps us all safe for 10 years.
So really it's like,
thank God for the upper Montana mounted police
because they're doing it so you don't have to.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
They're mounted on chocobos.
I want to go to this place we've created.
I know!
Now I'm sold.
Now I know how Tolkien feels.
What's up?
My name is Jasper Redd,
co-host of the Goose Down,
along with the lovely Kimberly Clark.
And we want to invite you into the comfort and groove
of our podcast that encompasses the arts and entertainment.
You can check us out at maximalfund.org,
also available on iTunes.
See ya.
See ya.
So I have been in my school's,
there are program.
Theater?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
That was a bad pace for me.
Why are you so bad?
How did you break up a word midway through in a pace?
So I have been in my school's theater program
for two years now,
and I've yet to click with my drama teacher.
He's the kind of guy who picks favorites from his students
and I am not one of them.
His favorite students are always the one
he recommends to people
and gives the best roles on auditions.
I'm not a bad actor,
but he never really notices me
or acknowledges that I'm just as good as them.
Do you have any advice for me
about how to make him notice me
or make him like me more?
That's from unnoticed actress.
I have good news for you.
He is giving you the greatest gift.
He is giving you the drive and desire to become famous
and shove it back in his stupid face.
And also he's preparing you for a career
of what is going to,
and I'm sure you're gonna make it.
Listen, a lot of people come to us
and they say, I got big old stars in my eyes, ow!
And then we say, yeah.
But for you, I know that you're gonna make it.
You are going to face a lot of neglect.
A lot of neglect.
A lot of neglect.
You think you've tasted neglect?
You don't know fucking anything.
It's gonna get so much worse before it gets better.
It'll get better.
And you're gonna make it.
Ooh, someday I'm gonna see your name in lights,
but before I'm gonna see your name in shit.
You are on the perfect arc for superstardom.
Think about every actor or actress you've ever heard from.
How many of their stories start with,
well, from a young age, I was coddled
and I was coddled by everybody.
And I had a super healthy upbringing
and everybody was really nice to me
and that's why I'm famous today.
No, you have to start with nobody acknowledging
your existence until you make it.
Do you think that's 100% true?
Do you think like, I think maybe Keira Knightley
was like, from the womb, like,
let's get the, oh, we gotta get this kid famous.
She was genetically developed.
We gotta get the kid famous as fast as possible.
Get her, get on the movie, quick, go, go, go, go.
Look at her face.
Throw the camera.
Is there anything in the camera?
Give me a camera.
I'll write the script as we go.
Look at that face.
Listen, if you want a Rambo, right?
You gotta raise a Rambo, right?
You don't coddle them.
You gotta raise a Rambo.
There's two kinds of actors in this world.
There's actors-
There's Keira Knightley and Rambos.
There's Keira Knightley and there's Rambos, right?
You're either a Knightley or a Rambo.
You're either so coddled that you take it for granted
that everything's gonna come to you.
You don't work hard.
You're not out there pounding the pavement,
6 a.m. cattle call auditions until you make it big.
You hit that thing.
Director goes, that person, they've got the look.
I want them in my movie, right?
And if you're coddled, yeah, yeah,
maybe you're a Keira Knightley,
but that's literally one in billions.
Well, I would say for everybody,
that's definitely one in billions.
I wanna teach you a valuable lesson, unnoticed actress.
I am sorry that you're acting teachers
and not giving you the attention
that you so richly deserve.
You have great hits and podcasts,
but you are given an invaluable opportunity right now
to realize that when you are doing this as a profession,
and it's gonna be a lot of times
when you don't get the attention you deserve,
and it's a great opportunity for you to focus on the work.
I don't know what the work is,
but I've heard a lot of people talk about it.
It seems like something you should be focused on.
You try to cry in front of a mirror,
and you do that for just hours at a time.
Just, ah!
Ah!
Yeah, and you gotta put yourself in the head of people.
You know, like what would it be like
to be a guy who didn't like Syria?
Yeah, I'm Matthew McConaughey.
All right, okay.
Okay, okay.
Nailed it.
So that was me, that's me,
and what you just heard was the work,
and I just became a little bit of a better actor.
Just like that.
Give me another one.
I'm the president, Barack Obama.
Hi, let me sign that bill.
Let me sign that bill.
Ooh, I don't know about drones.
So then that was more, now I could probably do him.
Now can you do Bronco-Bama?
Yeah, I'm Bronco-Bama.
Let me hide, let me, ooh, look out for that rattler.
Hand me that bill to sign into law.
He's our Wild West president.
So now that's, I'm a little bit better.
I'm gonna go audition, actually.
I'm gonna stop the podcast right here
and go audition just as.
All right, quick edit.
Quick edit, let me just run out.
I got it.
What role?
Bronco-Bama.
The role of Bronco-Bama in a local auto dealership
commercial, I'm assuming?
Bronco-Bama, and it's in City Slickers 3.
Shitty Slickers.
It's called Shitty Slickers,
because they just, like, they know.
Yeah.
They know.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
I want to see Shitty Slickers.
Yeah, now I really want to watch that.
Okay, so now I need to go to Upper Montana,
and I need to see Shitty Slickers,
and neither will ever happen,
because our ideas are too beautiful to exist.
Too often, people take movie titles,
and then they convert them into, like, porn movie titles.
I wish that more people would say,
but what if I just made a really bad version of this movie?
Yeah.
I'd call it Shitty Slickers.
Yeah, pretty good.
I mean, it's not a bad, it's not a remake.
Original script, written by that fucking dude
who writes all the X movies that are so bad.
If I wrote a show about four women
leading really boring, stupid lives,
I think I'd call it Sex and the Shitty.
Shh.
Shh.
Shh.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Jackie.
Thank you, Jackie.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
Is it too late to do Caroline and the Shitty?
Yeah, it's way too late.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, you're just doing City now.
I know, I've tapped this well.
This user's been deleted, been suspended from the Matrix.
Not like this.
Send Shitty.
Great.
This anonymous deleted user.
Do we, are we just gonna sit here
and think of other movies that have City in the title?
Yes.
Babe Pig in the Shitty.
I was just about to do Babe Pig in the Shippy.
Excuse me.
All right.
Okay.
Can we move on?
Yes, I have one other thing to say.
Sex and the Shitty 2.
The Legend of Curly's Gold.
All right.
Shitty of Angels.
Great.
Okay.
I'm trying to think.
Okay.
Can I do one?
Yes.
I need to think.
Wasn't there a,
what was the movie about the mouse
that Michael J. Fox had a voice for?
Stuart Little?
Stuart Shittle?
It doesn't have City in it at all.
It's nothing, it has nothing to do with City
and I thought you were gonna say New Jack Shitty.
Oh, that's New Jack Shitty.
All right.
Okay.
So this deleted user asks.
Yes.
Is there a way to incorporate a third nipple into sex?
I have a third superfluous nipple below my left breast.
Although sensation is diminished
compared to my other nipple.
I almost said regular nipples,
but that's hateful, I suppose.
That's offensive.
My typical nipples.
My tip, my tipicles.
I still have enough sensation
to enjoy it being touched by a woman during sex.
However, during sexual encounters,
who calls them that?
Most of the girls I've known have been turned off
or even slightly frightened by it.
Oh, no.
Is it really that bizarre to want stimulation
in this third extra erogenous zone?
Or should I feel guilty
and regard this as a birth defect and not a blessing?
Well, I learned a lot about third nipples
at a wedding I went to recently
from a friend who just left med school.
He graduated, he didn't leave it.
That like-
I hope he left it after.
Nipples, third nipples aren't like
what I imagined that they were,
what Hollywood has made them out to be.
Which is like-
You were picturing like a whole nother nipple.
I was thinking about like areolas.
But no, like any, like you can have just like
a little bumpus, a little tipple right there
as long as it's on the milk line.
So we can be like down like on your belly
as long as it's on the milk line, it's probably a nipple.
And I'm worried because I have like a freckle there
that I've always had.
Maybe it's not a freckle.
Maybe it's a little bit more insidious
and a lot more erogenous than that.
Maybe that's like your two and a half nipple.
What if from, I think the problem with the women
that you're dating is that they're not ready.
But I don't think, I think you need to prepare them
without spoiling it exactly what it is.
So try this.
Once you're, when you're at dinner,
every once in a while, just start doing a little shake
back and forth in your seat and sing like a little like,
I have got a surprise for you.
No.
A little better, I have got something secret and special.
There will be a moonlight revelation tonight.
I hope that you like fun buttons.
Don't make a mistake before 30 time
or you're gonna miss this special surprise.
All your friends will talk about my fun button
that you've never got to see.
Also, I'm fucking all your friends.
Could you do something where every time
like the waiter brings dinner, you say like,
I don't know, do I want two broccolis?
Well, I guess I want three.
Cause that's one more.
It's nice to have more, right?
I don't think this is a curse.
I think it's a beautiful blessing.
Cause you will, this person categorically, mathematically
will experience more erogenous pleasure
than any of us could ever aspire to.
I experienced more nipple pleasure this morning
than you will in your entire life.
Like when we reach the end and God tallies up our score.
When he sorts the light into heaven by nipple pleasure.
No, I mean, it's not, it doesn't have anything to do like,
you know, St. Peter letting us in any, like a queue.
I'm saying there's like a-
But just in the book.
I'm saying he's going to take it to the leaderboards, Mo.
And then there's going to be nipple pleasure.
And then this person will have beaten all of us by 50%.
Well, Mike, a lot of our contestants today
have experienced a lot of nipple pleasure,
but the number one is this weird guy with three nipples.
All right, let's go to that radical rock.
Mo.
Heaven in my mind, it's just an agro crack.
And it's not like the basic agro crack.
Fuck that basic shit.
I'm talking about the global guts crack
with like steam and shit coming off.
Like the one that like, with like buzz saw traps and shit.
And I imagine that as you walk up it,
instead of hitting actuators,
you're like high-fiving like Gandhi and like,
just all the, oh, there's eye sign, high five.
Gandhi, why were you so chill?
Check the chest.
Oh shit, I didn't know.
Yeah, yeah, I kept it hidden.
That one's not in the diaries, but you know.
Do you think that if, I mean, if you have a third nipple,
isn't that God's way of telling you
you should invite another partner into your sexual liaisons?
Because it seems like you'll never get full stimulation
with just one measly part.
Or one partner also has an extra nipple,
six nipples, two bodies, one bed.
Six nipples, two bodies.
Because it's got to match up like
when you plug a plug into an outlet,
you just have the two-prong outlet,
but you got the three-prong plug.
You're like, it's not gonna work.
That's why you gotta invite another friend
who only has one nipple to be your sexual adapter.
Nice.
I think it's God's way of saying
you could be a lot more laissez-faire
with your nipple security.
Because if you lose it, good news,
back up, just scoot it up.
If a girl.
God, should I go skydiving?
I don't know, fuck it.
You got three?
You got three.
What's the worst that could happen?
I'm gonna give you a bonus one so you could get risky.
YOLO and also,
hold on.
Yep.
Yuh.
What were you trying for?
Which is, you have three nipples.
Whatever sound you made, it's like the foley work
for the thing stalking me down a metal hallway.
That's the noise you made with your nipple.
That was the original song,
but Drake couldn't find a thing to rhyme it with.
You only have three nipples.
Pfft.
Crud.
Well, folks, that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Wanna give a huge thanks to Hulu Plus,
where you can binge thousands of hit shows
anytime, anywhere.
We're gonna get you a free trial of that
by going to huluplus.com slash my brother.
And make sure you check out naturebox.com as well.
They've got hundreds of wonderful snack choices.
You're gonna dig it, you can get 50% off your first order
if you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Go check it out, do yourselves a favor.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song instead of Parchure
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
If you were at Max Fun Con this past weekend,
you probably got a chance to hang out with him,
you piece of shit.
Sorry, I'm just jealous.
I bet that'd be a cool life experience.
No big deal.
Not a big deal.
Thank you to everybody else who came to our New York shows.
Thank you so much.
And everybody who's gonna be at LA,
we can't wait to see you.
It's gonna be nice.
We love you.
Bring money.
Do you wanna thank Tweetos?
Oh yeah, thanks to people tweeting about the show
using the MBMBAM hashtag like Dan McKinney,
who made some of our mom's famous chest bars
for his friend, fuck a D.
Fuck a D?
Fuck a D.
Thanks to Mark Davis, SickFallout,
Bethany Keely Junker, Julia M. Velez,
Michael McCullough, who just tweeted
a video of a horse at us, which is fine.
I'll take that.
I appreciate that.
Sure.
It's a horse playing a saxophone, it looks like.
Yeah, why not?
Thanks, Jordan, Dutchess of Nowhere, Alex LaVelle,
Ryan Peeler, Nicole, Blue Nicole, Erin Wilson, me.
Hello, Justin.
You wanna thank yourself?
Good to work, my friend.
Good God, I gotta thank myself.
Martin is an adorable baby who's tweeting about our show,
so I'm not sure what's going on there.
And everybody else, thanks so much.
Let's shut it down.
All right.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Aaron.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Chief Keef, who asks,
who is the youngest person living right now?
Well, think about it.
Deep, deep.
Think about that.
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Cliff McElroy, you thinking about him?
It's been my brother and my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, spray on the lips, think about it.
Just think about it.
Think about it.
Think about it.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Dance.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Have you made vacation plans yet?
The second annual Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival
is ready to set sail this summer,
and we want to see you on board.
Imagine amazing comedians, stellar music,
and beautiful Caribbean views.
It all takes place July 25th through 28th,
en route to Nassau, The Bahamas.
And frankly, we've impressed even ourselves
with this lineup of bullseye favorites.
You've got Moshe Kasher.
I was in an airport recently.
You ever see somebody and you're just like,
oh, so you're what's wrong with everything in the world?
Kyle Kinane.
Anybody else in here get so drunk last month
you had to call a cab just to take you to Wendy's?
W. Kamau Bell.
So complicated, my feelings.
Morgan Murphy.
I don't know if you guys know what a facelift is.
It's when they take your face skin
and they peel it away from your face,
and in that little space there,
that's where they find your self-esteem.
And besides them, Greg Barrett, Chris Fairbanks,
Karen Kulgarov, Natasha Leggero, Guy Branham,
Tony Kameen, and Carole Kolb,
plus an awesome music lineup
hosted by John Roderick of The Long Winters
and featuring our pal Jean Grey.
Come on, what else are you gonna be doing?
Don't miss the funniest weekend of your life.
Get your tickets right now.
Go to boatparty.biz.
Yeah, that's right, boatparty.biz.
The Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival.
Comedy, music, shuffleboard.
