The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother My Brother Me, a very honored advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy. I'm your baby
brother Griffin McElroy. Gosh, could not, this is huge. I want to say, uh, gosh, where to start,
thank you so much. Uh, welcome to new listeners, I guess, obviously. Uh, and thank you so much to
Vince Gilligan, Gilliam, Vince, or what he just said to us. Gungan. Vince Gundham. Thank you,
uh, creator of Breaking Bad. Uh, seeing My Brother My Brother Me referenced, uh, so many times. I
counted 18, 18 discrete references to My Brother My Brother. I mean, it started innocuously enough.
Like when, uh, uh, Jesse was like, guys, I've got to, I, listen to me, Beaver and Trunch,
his two friends. I got it. I don't want to listen to hardcore rap anymore. I've got a podcast that
you guys are going to love. And then there was just, uh, how, what seemed to be a 16 to 17 minute
segment that was just Jesse clip from our show, like Beaver and Trunch listening to our show.
And it was weird because it was basically this like Jesse staring expectantly at Beaver and
Trunch, like going, ah, you like this, right? Just wait, just wait, wait till they get to the
extreme. They do this one bit about horses. They do this. They do these 1000 different bits about
horses. It was a weirdly tense scene. Um, but not like a violent tense, but more like a awkward
tense because nobody was laughing. Um, but then it just sort of went on from there. Uh, so, uh,
my favorite part, I loved when, um, uh, Lamont Cranston's character, what's his name? Lamont
Cranston. Lamont Cranston. Well, Lamont Cranston was cooking up some of his meth and somebody
tasted it and they said like, ah, this meth is sweeter than the goofs on My Brother My Brother
and Me. Yeah. Like really blatant. That one felt a little bit forced to me. There were those three
brothers that bought meth from him. Um, even though he's been out of the game for a while,
which is like kind of seemed like a plot holding me, but I'm not complaining cause obviously like
it's genius level TV. And he, one of the guys was like, you're trying to sell meth to my brother,
my brother and me. But he kept doing, he kept referencing themselves like in that style. Oh,
hold on. I'm checking Navy club right now. The review of the finale is in. I got it. It got an F.
Probably because of that at the end when I just kind of zoomed like a really big zoom out and you
realized it was just Griffin staring into a snow globe. Griffin's dream. It was little Griffin's
dream the entire time. And the snow globe fell from his hand shattered grease, his hand greased
with the grease of a thousand potato chips. And he of course said, oops, uh, I eat it all the
potato chips. I dropped daddy's favorite snow globe. And the doctor said, it's so sad to see
a 45 year old man reduced, reduced to this and they pulled out and it was another snow globe.
And the snow globe, the snow globe was full of snow, obviously. And then in giant block letters,
the word bad. And then when it fell to the floor and shattered, and then I looked at the camera and
I said, get it created by events. Gilligan. I thought the polar bears were a nice touch though.
Yeah. I don't know why Hurley was chosen to continue on the meth lab, but, um, so gosh,
thank you to the new listeners who found our show, uh, through our, they're all gone. Sorry,
juice. I I'm looking at the live cast stats right now. They all already left. There were 2.6 million
people listening and they're all gone. They all left. Uh, so, but thank you. Thank you to, uh,
those who left, uh, those download, you know, those numbers still spend, uh, and, uh, let's,
let's do what we came here to do, which is help people. You know, I don't want to lose sight with
our fame. Uh, I don't want to lose sight of that initial goal around 2 a.m. Every night. I'm
awakened by a very loud cat fight. An outdoor neighbor cat enjoys coming by my bedroom window
to antagonize my indoor cat. They hiss and meow and try to fight through the glass, making it
impossible for me to sleep. Keeping the window closed and shades down doesn't help. What should
I do? That's from cranky in Chicago. I think you should let them fight it out. Yeah. They got beef
and who are you to try and try and squash it yourself? That's not how the animal kingdom
works. It's like Justin and I used to fight a lot. And then my dad would be like, well,
I'm just going to strap some boxing gloves to you guys and let you like do get out. And I'd
be like, whoa, hold on. It's not that bad. So maybe it's just a lot of, uh, a lot of blunder,
a lot of fuss. But when you actually say, Hey kitty, I'm gonna let you fight that other kitty.
The way our dad escalated that, um, that strategy was that I thought a little irresponsible of him.
Like I love our dad, but like once that strategy wore off, he like, he like pumped us full of
mescal and, and like dropped us in the desert with, with swords. And he just like threw a
knife down in the middle of us and said, you know, work it out. And then when he said, um,
I'm going to strap knives to both your hands, he duct taped knives into our hands, both our hands.
And he blindfolded us. I'm not coming back till one of you has taken one. I'm taking one son home.
I'm taking one son home. I'm going to dip into my college fund that I saved for you guys.
He didn't, but he's a great man. I love him. He did, uh, try to have us kill each other though,
on several occasions, but you know, it made us closer. That's how Pokemon was invented
by us fighting. Why is your cat in your room? I have a very strict policy when it comes to this.
I have a closed door. I have a closed door policy for, for my cats at night. They have run up the
entire house. There's one room that they cannot enter. And of course that bothers them. So they
scratched. So now what I literally have is a closed door with a baby gate in front of it.
They cannot even scratch. It is completely my territory, humans only a thank you.
But sometimes when Justin wakes up too early, he'll find his two cats with like a rolled out
blueprint staring at the door and then they're like, roll it up real quick. Meow. Meow. Meow.
We're cats. Yeah. There's a Brad Pitt cat eating a sandwich. Um, I've been watching a lot of my cat
from hell lately. Uh, it's on Netflix. You should Netflix it. Um, so like I Jackson galaxy has been
like preparing me for this, for this question, my whole life, these past four days, Griffin,
the way you, the way you talk about some programs, I'm just going to assume that one day you
accidentally put it on animal planet and then through your remote into the sun, because that,
that is the only explanation for the amount of terrible animal related television.
This is you. This is you. Oh, my cat. I'm going to pet it. Pet it. Love it. Love it. Love it. I
pet it and I love it. All right. Beat me. Why did it happen? That's you every day. This is me
petting the cat. Oh, the cat's tail is switching. That must mean I put too much energy into it with
my pets. It's all about how much it's all about managing the energy that you put into your cat.
Cause if you overstimulate it, do you know what it's going to do? What it's going to bite you
with his little teeth. Oh, like those little like a toy cars that you pull backwards to rev up. But
if you pull them back too far, they start clicking and bite you. You got to rub those cheeks too.
Cause that's where they get them pheromones out of. And then they like smelling that shit on your
hands. Cause cats are nasty. That's like, that's true. So they smell their own funk on you and
they're like, yeah, yeah. You my friend. Also, how do you know that your indoor cat isn't
antagonizing the outdoor cat? Like what's up? I got a cool sitch in here. It's totally warm and
I get food on the reg. I don't understand. Where do you, so where, like, where does the milk and,
and, and kibble come from for you out there? Oh, you don't get that, huh? You're eating garbage.
And you like that? Oh, cause you're poor. I bet you went to public school.
Wait a minute. If one cat in a situation went to any schooling, I have to imagine that that's the,
the privileged cat. Cause cats by and large, don't, don't get a lot of education. You didn't
send your cat to private school? Yeah. Jackson Galaxy said 101. Have you even seen cat waiting
for Superman? Like the public cat school system is fucked beyond repair. You got to get some vouchers
for these goddamn cats. My cat is in fifth grade and learning algebra. Fifth grade. I, I sent my cat
to a Montessori cat school. I think I learned as much from my cat as I do from tracks and galaxy,
which is to say a lot. My cat's still in kit, kitten garden. Ah, done. God damn it. Kitten
garden. Oh, okay. Do you guys want to Yahoo? Please. Anything. Um, this Yahoo was sent in by
Jennifer Cheek. Thanks Jennifer. It's by Yahoo. Interest user. So who asks,
I just ate some ricearoni that expired in 2004. Am I going to get sick? Yeah. Definitely realized
this after I made it and ate some. It didn't have bugs or anything that I noticed. The box said
best before, not expires, but I still feel like it's going to be bad for me to have eaten. Is
anyone eaten old ricearoni before? And then there's a, there's an emoticon. It's like a frowny face
with a bracket. So like, that's a piece of the rice. I think it's, I think it's, I think you're
supposed to pronounce that. Oh God. Oh man. This is like my worst fear. We laugh at this person,
but I think they're definitely dead. Oh, sorry. Okay. First off they're, they're dead. So let's
not worry about helping them. I think that everybody has at least a few things, at least
I know we do that are in the cupboard that I have no memory of purchasing. And if I do take it out
to inspect as I have before the, the date is always like Clinton administration, like a mystery item.
I would argue that I do not because I obsessively check dates on things.
Because you obsessively eat. Because I have no food. We can't keep food in the house,
but it's like, I understand having some old shit, you know, sometimes I go to the jungle
gyms and I'm like, well, of course I want this weird package of figs. And you know,
then I don't touch it cause it looks gross. At home it looks gross. It looks great.
But then like I pull it out. I always look like, how do you pull out that box of rice,
your onion go? I don't remember buying this. It's rice. It's uncooked rice. You don't think
that shit goes bad. It's rice. Yeah. But there's gotta be a threshold that we're like,
I don't think this went bad. But granted it was nine years ago. I think, I think that
this has an infinite freshness. I think that the best before date is a recommendation in this case,
or else they would have worded it a bit more strongly. There should be a best before date
and a worst after date. It is best before 2004. It is worse after 2011. After 2011,
it is the worst. It can't get any worse. The half-life will not reduce anymore at this point.
This is what makes shelf-stable food so scary and why I try to keep as many of them in the
house as possible because you can trust shelf-stable foods. They'll be there for you.
Yeah. I do not have the same success rate with vegetables. There's no place in my home
where the divide between aspiration and reality is more clear than walking from my produce drawer
to my trash can. I actually this week threw away, and this is 100% true, I threw away a
a biggest loser branded bag of celery unopened. I guess the celery was the biggest loser.
I bought that in a store thinking, you know, that celery could not be more.
There is zero hassle with that celery. It's just like potato chips. You pop open the bag,
you eat celery. It is not hassle. That's why I love that in the fridge,
it's like refrigerator designers went, let's make sure we hide these. I'll hide this. Nobody wants
to see this. We're going to put it on the bottom in a drawer by itself. So you never have to think
about the fact that you're not eating it. Justin, otherwise it's taunting you constantly. Did the
bag have some sort of like hyper color label on it that as it expired, it slowly revealed a picture
of bingo looking disappointed at you. Couldn't crack the bag, huh? I get it, man. Veggies be
scary. Why are they green? You know what else is green? Monsters. You know what else is green?
Godzilla. Bingo's terrified of Godzilla. Hates that motherfucker almost as much as he hates
vegetables. Sneak him in the meat. This steak tastes weird. It's oozing green. Oh well, it's
meat. Bingo's got to get big. The only vegetables he'll eat are pimentos that are hidden in head
cheese. Fat fuck. I haven't seen bingo in a while. He may have slimmed down. Lost 80 pounds. Still
big. And he's a little kid. How did he do it? Most kids are 80 pounds. Bingo lost a kid. And
he's still, there's still a lot of bingo to just to admire. I don't know who you're referencing.
Fucking, oh god, Google. Like how have you not Googled this kid yet? I don't know. You always
talk about bingo for biggest loser and I don't know this person. I also, I don't want to Google
it because I don't want to ruin the image in my head that you've created because I've got like a
rich, rich fiction going on in my head. Let me tell you something. You're going to Google this
kid and you're going to fuck it up because his name has two i's in it. Stupid. No, it doesn't
really. Mm-hmm. Bingo was his name. Oh, but the song doesn't work. It doesn't work for this
particular bingo. A big hello to my favorite trio of brothers. As you know, Halloween is coming up
soon. I just had a major upheaval in my costume plan. I was going to be the cowardly lion in a
group. My group disbanded and I'm left with no idea what to be. My hair is teal and medium length.
If that helps. That's from Kaiser McMuffin. I think that when you do a big group thing,
one, it works if everybody is on the same level of like commitment and goodness as everybody else.
It doesn't work alone. Like one person spent like $150 on a costume and worked on it for like days
and days and days. And the other person just like reaches into their closet and throws it on.
But it also doesn't work when you're at the party and you all separate to go do other things.
Yeah, but then you're just a fucking lion. Like you're a lion. That's good enough. That's fine.
That's fine. You did it. You did a costume.
I mean, great. But imagine like you're doing the dudes from Reservoir Dogs,
right? And like your other dudes leave you and then you're just a guy in a black suit.
What about if he goes peanut butter and jelly and then your partner leaves you and suddenly
you're just toast? Why is jelly crying? Jelly looks so sad. I guess peanut butter just wasn't
ready for it. Oh, God. I love that. Travis liked it. I did. It's a thinker is what it is. I got a
mullet. You could go as a mullet. That would be a tough costume to pull off.
I'm giving up on Halloween. I think I'm pretty much done with it.
Because for two years running, I put a lot of work into a costume.
As first as a contestant on Legends of the Hidden Temple, people would be like,
oh, you're a biker because of your helmet. Like, oh, you fuck. These are obviously barracudas.
Anyway, last year I was homeless Elmo because Mitt Romney wanted to shut down Sesame Street.
It was political. It was fucking nobody. Nobody understood my art. Nobody understood my craftwork.
Last year I did Marty McFly and I built a fucking hoverboard and put a little
bit of work into it. The first dude I saw when I walked in to the party was like, oh, what are you?
I was like, I've got a hoverboard. He's like, I'm Marty McFly from Back to the Future. He's like,
oh, I've never seen it. You fucking stress out about it all month and then you spend like $45
acquiring the goods and nobody knows who or what the fuck you are.
I also feel like I could see Halloween being totally worth it if over the weekend, like the
28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, you went to like four separate parties and got four different days of
like rocking this costume you spent like $50 to $60 on. But otherwise you're going to one party for
like four hours and you get that initial like, oh, awesome. Yeah, that doesn't sound so bad.
Who doesn't want a chance to just get outside themselves for a night, you know?
Well, I love myself though. What if I just went as like me on my best day?
Is that a good Halloween costume? Me just living it.
Actually, our friend Mike Murdock, one year recently, he was in his mid 30s at the time
and he went as himself from when he was happy in his mid 20s.
And he acted like he did when he was happy before he was miserable.
It's like, just do that every day. Can you go as America's Next Top Model 2.0,
boys in the house? Boys in the house.
Boys in the house. Boys in the house.
There is nothing more to say about this that will be funny.
I don't think anything has been said about it that was funny.
I mean, either. Okay, let me rephrase that. There's nothing on earth to say about this as funny
because if there were, we would have discovered it.
I love it. I love everything about fall. I love cider. I love pumpkin spice lattes.
I love pumpkin spice waffles. Spice anything with some fucking pumpkins and I'll eat it.
I love crisp leaves. I love carving things. I fucking hate like October 1st is Tuesday
and I'm gonna have to start like cranking the gears. I gotta kick it in the high gear.
Can we all agree that like Halloween is dead?
It's dead.
Halloween is, what are you talking? Halloween is, the older I get,
the more I enjoy Halloween over Christmas and that is a set. You guys wait till you're 30.
Here's the thing though. If I could attend a Halloween party where it was like a macabre
kind of like gothic thing where everybody was just like dressed in black and like suits but
like really nice like classy outfits but just the difference was it was orange and black,
that would be dope. It's when you show up to a Halloween party and like really let's be honest,
three quarters of the people are wearing a t-shirt with something they've drawn on a piece
of paper safety pin to it and they're like do you get it? I'm a bottle of ketchup and it's like no,
you're wearing a red t-shirt with ketchup written on a piece of paper. It's like this is sad. Like
this is a bad party. Like let's just be adults and get drunk with a purpose.
I want my Halloween to be a Dawson's Creek Halloween special. I want the fucking thing
to go right off the rails. I want to go to a haunted house where maybe there's an actual
fucking ghost up in there. I want to maybe solve a mystery and then at the end everyone gets
murdered and then the next episode nobody got murdered. I think you've skewed into Boy Meets
World. I just want to be spooked I guess. I haven't been spooked in a real long time.
Why don't you come to West Virginia. We'll go to the West End Asylum. It's the largest
freestanding stone structure in America. Second largest in the world after the Kremlin. Used to
be filled with poorly treated insane people and go on a tour. They'll let you sleep there at night.
It's crazy. That doesn't sound like something I would be into. That sounds too spooky. I want to
split the difference. Split the spook difference. Yeah. Does anybody remember what I was for
Halloween last year? I can't remember. You and Sydney had a couple's costume didn't you?
We usually do but. You were the Doctor Who. And that was two years ago. What year did you go as
Lowell and Antonio Scarpacci from Wings? I went as Lowell and Thomas Hayden Church from Sideways.
How about Yahoo? Yeah teach me to laugh again. This Yahoo is also sent in by Jennifer Chee.
Thanks Jennifer. But Yahoo answers user Daniel who asks first day at Little Caesars. Today is
my first day at Little Caesars and I'm pretty nervous. I knew no one there at the orientation.
Yeah Little Caesars class of 2013. Plus I don't know how to punch in.
Also they only showed us how to make one kind of pizza at the orientation. How will we all know
what to make if we didn't get very much training? The store opened like a week ago. When I get there
should I just ask my boss how to do so and what to do? I don't want to look like I need constant
help. Additional details. I don't want to seem needy. Man fucking Little Caesars apparently has
like a drunk dad at the public pool method of teaching their employees. The one kind of pizza
you have to learn is the five dollar hot and ready pepperoni oven that no one else is coming
and going. You know what I want? That really complicated expensive pizza. Everybody rolls up
two o'clock in the morning gets himself 18 hot and ready and sits in their car. Nobody's coming
into Little Caesars to ask for the chickpea and chevrola pizza. It's not happening. Can I get the
goat cheese and spinach artisanal pizza? Is your shiitake local? Local grown? We got boomperonis.
Can I have your corn-fed shiitake? Is your crust organic? I have a problem with I mean it might
seem that Little Caesars is being irresponsible but I have a question for this gentleman.
Why did you apply for a job as a pizza maker if you do not know how to make pizzas? That seems
like a very of a large ethical piece. Justin let me throw you a different question. Where
other than Little Caesars do you think is the base entry level position as a pizza maker?
What do you think you're saying? I need to go to pizza school first before I can. You're also
assuming that like they show up to Little Caesars on the first day like so how'd you get into Little
Caesars? Like I've been making my own pizzas at home for such a long time and just I found the
prospects so rewarding I thought hey I could probably make a career out of this no. I'm going
pro. I also found out this week by talking to uh the the young man playing Superman in the musical
I'm directing he works at Little Caesars actually and he was telling me that his his role in the
process is he takes the pizza out of the oven and he cuts the pizza and he tries not to burn himself
and sometimes he does not do the last one so well and he does burn himself on occasion but
maybe because the Little Caesars process is so specialized no one needs to holistically know how
to make a pizza. You mean you just need to know how your your part in the assembly process. They
by specialized you mean they have mastered the craft of shoving a pizza inside of a cannon
and then firing it through a superheated oven directly into your mouth. Right.
Right. No. Yes. This carnival ride costs you five dollars. I believe it was Henry Ford who said the
beauty of the assembly line is that no one needs to know shit about making pizza and we only have
to charge five dollars. Five goddamn dollars for it instantly. Instantly. It's hot and ready. It's
not hot and not ready. It's not cold and ready. It's hot and ready. Uh I have to actually disagree
with the hot part. I don't think I've eaten a hot Little Caesars pizza in a while. I think at my
local Little Caesars pizza I think that they have some sort of robot that makes 500 pizzas at 9 am
as soon as they open and then they just like they just shuffle up and deal. There was a uh a limited
time you could get they had a pretzel crust pizza at Little Caesars in the hot and ready and I
actually showed up for one so early that they had not prepared them yet. They were not ready
for me because it was like 11 in the morning and I was buying an entire pizza. Hey how's your day?
How's your day? It's going pretty bad uh if I remember correctly so I thought I'd cheer myself
up but you know what if you're cheering yourself up at 11 with pizza all you're really doing is
buying yourself a bad rest of your day. If you do that you have to roll up in scrubs covered in
blood and say like I had the worst night shift of my life and all I need is pizza. I just want one
zombie. You know when you're holding the child in your hands and it breathes its last breath you
think well that hot and ready later it's gonna make it back. No but I'm glad that you hadn't
started making the pizzas. Man I'm gonna need to have eaten an entire pizza in 11 minutes.
But no how was your important pizza making job that you couldn't get started yet?
Uh if we're gonna continue to buy hot and readies every day we're gonna need some money.
And not much not a lot of money. Not a lot of money. One of these spots and we'll be good to
coast on for like two months.
I want to tell you guys about a book. You go to amazon.com here's how you get the book. You type
in 50 ways to say you're awesome and then there will be a book there. Just click the buy button.
Don't think about it. Buy it. What's it about? Doesn't matter. I'm in charge here. Get out get
in the passenger seat. Miss Daisy I'm driving you to a book about laughs and also uh it has pages.
Can I get it at a store like a local bookstore or do I have to amazon? You don't why do you have
to get snooty about it? It doesn't have to be a locally sourced artisanal copy of 50 ways to say
you're awesome. I'm sorry is this paper gluten free? I only read corn fed books. Um also like
why the fuck are you gonna buy a book without being able to show it to other people while
you're buying it to impress them? Good point. Amazon doesn't commend me. I'm like oh griffin
you just bought a 250 page book. That's gonna be very are you gonna read all of that you big man?
Cerebrally rewarding. The book is 50 ways to say you're awesome. It's a collection of love notes
and thank you notes for the modern era which they think they're being cute by putting that in their
ad text but uh you'll be speaking from my lawyer you'll hear from him. You'll be seeing from his
mouth because you're a ventriloquist. You'll be feeling from my lawyer. You'll be sad because of
my lawyer's stuff to you. Call PJ Johnson and Johnson we'll make him sad for you with the stuff
we do. We're good time lawyers yes sir. We are great great lawyers with law degrees and everything
we're gonna do stuff you're gonna have money they won't and they'll be so sad about it. Top notch
lawyering okay. Get ready for a feeling coming from law legal. All the legal feelings legal to
feel. Book it. Book them Dano now we're suing ourselves. Feel that? That's irony.
Irony that pays you. Car accident, puddle accident, slip and fall accident, bathroom accident,
hot pocket burns, burns on your mouth from a hot pocket. We'll do it. We got this I think.
Torts, torts and gavels. Let's make fun of tabloids not the celebrities although the fake ones
probably deserve it but let's make fun of gossip magazines the business itself. Us Weekly Digest
is a short funny video every week where one man tries to make sense of why these rags do what they
do. It sounds insane and it's on YouTube which is a video streaming hosting. I'm sorry which one's
YouTube Justin? It's a video streamer hoster. It's not US Weekly Digest it's Us Weekly Digest
but I think either one's gonna get the job done just type US and then Weekly Digest into YouTube
next to the magnifying glass and you're gonna see these uh videos and you're gonna laugh at them.
Hey what do you guys think about this? YouPube.
I don't even I don't even hear the rest. Travis liked it. Dear Shark Tank, here's the idea.
YouPube. Get Foxworthy's in. You're asking for four hundred thousand dollars for a two percent
stake in YouPube. That means you evaluate your company. Let me do the math. Twenty billion
dollars. Yep. Uh excuse me everyone. I have an announcement to make. YouPube redirects to DirecTV.
That's my official announcement. Breaking news. YouPube.com
redirects to DirecTV. You know guys I am looking at my keyboard the p and t keys are wicked far
away from each other. This has to be they have made a concerted effort to stake their claim.
If I can draw your attention to the pie chart as you can see 63 percent of our business comes from
people being redirected from YouPube and going hey that is a good deal. Uh do you guys know about
Wise Guys? I do but I want you to tell me about it. They're they uh they're they're game dudes.
They're Miles and Greg. They design challenges for Survivor on CBS. But I've always wondered
who makes those fucking games. Those these guys are doing it and they're uh right now
I've actually met them. They they had a game at E3 once that I I played. It was the one Griffin
do you remember the one where everybody wore trench coats and they had napkins in their pocket
and they stole the stuff? No. It was great and it was a real game but they made up but they make
games they have games for Survivor. They've showcased games 83 and they're kick starting a
game for downtown Los Angeles that will be hidden in plain sight for anyone to find and play for
free. It's uh so dope. It's a noir and players sleuth out clues concerning a stolen artifact
and a missing detective. You interact with characters and artifacts some real and some
virtual while visiting actual locations uh around LA. Um that sounds amazing. It also sounds like
I want that. It sounds like I could get real thorny real quick. Wiseguisevents.com go there
and uh kick on their uh click on their Kickstarter. Kick on their starter baby. Click that starter.
Kickstart my heart. Don't you never stop. I need I I really desperately need this to get
kickstarted so that I can do it. Yeah we need this to exist. So you're not afraid of being like
I swear I saw a clue in the LA river. Oh nope it's a real body. I feel very sick. Is this a clue?
Nope. No you have hepatitis. It's clue it's Clumidia. Doctor.
Now that if you go right now to the website uh you're not going to find a Kickstarter link.
That's going to go live tomorrow. Maybe we spoiled it by telling you about it now but you got to
remember. Set a reminder on your iPhone. Siri remind me. Clue me in. Clue me in Siri. Tomorrow.
We're kick we're kick kick starting. We're kickstart start kicking. And just just so there's
no confusion when we say tomorrow we mean October 1st. So maybe you'll listen to this like three
weeks from now and just lose your mind. October 1st. Uh listen guys you've probably tried hulu.com.
You know you you want to stream a tv show but you know you're not getting the optimal experience
right? I mean it's fine hulu.com is fine but there's kind of a vip lounge just to the left.
If you look to your left you'll see hulu. Do you mean pu blue? Nope. Lefter. More left. No.
Hulu.gov? No. Bye sponsors. Well we had a good one.
Some feedback. One thing uh that we didn't really enjoy about the spot. Can you not put pube in it?
If you could just not put pube in our brand. For one for one week. For one week. Maybe try it without
it the pubes. I don't want to step on your artistry. Give the spot a Brazilian if you know
what I mean. It all uh streams in hd for the best viewing experience. You can get uh a lot of current
tv shows like snl community family guy there's there's lots more they've got originals seth
meyers uh from snl uh has a show called the awesomes um and there's a lot of movies on there
too it's just eight bucks a month like oh and check out uh check out moon boy starring chris
o'dowd from bridesmaids he was also in uh the it crowd hilarious guy that's an original on there
as well super funny guy the great news is you don't even have to pay that eight bucks right now
because we're going to give you two free weeks from us to you going to hulu plus dot com slash
my brother uh that that is one step not two steps to get free hulu you go to the website then you
slash my brother travis or griffin uh no no it's one website you go hulu plus dot or my blood and
your computer fan it'll know it'll take it from there make sure you go there you get the extended
free trial and they'll know that we have are powerful and that's important to me that's all
you care about anymore huh go for it hulu eight dollars a month you can afford that you can afford
with your with your little caesar salary you can afford that easily handily if you can afford it
cut out one and a half hot and ready pizzas a month you don't think they get some kind of discount
at little caesar's on when they get high on their own there is no overhead on a hot night
because there is no mark high margins on the hot and ready pizza they can they can afford to take
a bath on those listen we're making 4.95 off of every five dollars hot and ready so you can have
it for like a quarter can i get one of those day old hot and ready so they're just sitting in the
back yeah it's uh five dollars what um they actually have to eat the pizzas once they're
no longer ready or hot this is cold and old we got a cold and old for the employees you guys have
to eat it otherwise they'll just fill up the universe the staff at little caesar's is our
first line of defense actually that's the plot of wall-e they stopped eating the the hot and
readies and they ran out of room also wall-e is wall-e is a totally tubular dinosaur this is the
version of wall-e that was made in the 80s it was a dinosaur that transformed into a sports car when
he ate too much pizza everybody had to fly off in space so they got fat enough to consume the rest
of the pizzas that were left and then they could come back because they would have room in their
tum-tums to store all the hot and ready switched by this point we're cold and oldies the original
title of the film was the land before time but after pizza all of our clocks are pizza now
hey folks this is kevin allison of the max fun podcast risk where people tell true stories they
never thought they'd dare to share if you've never heard risk why not start with our 150th episode
it's an all-star lineup of jaw-dropping true stories from aisha tyler this being the 90s
i was drinking malt liquor don't fuck you when you're racist you're all racist for laughing
tom lennon whenever i walk into a place that's called mr binky's i'm expecting armenian bumblebee
to be like i got jackoff pills for you yeah jay moore me public school in new jersey i didn't
need to know anything because everybody knew you got pregnant by peeing in each other's butts that's
how we knew andy dick we've had a monogamous relationship for five years i barely cheated on her
and the daily shows jessica williams oh my god i have like this need to be responsible for some
reason that doesn't really benefit me so like jessica clean it up look for risk on itunes or
of course at maximum fun dot org hey brothers i live in kentucky and when i talk to people outside
the state and mention where i'm from they often assume i live with a bunch of rednecks or that i
eat kfc all the time at first i played along with their jokes and took it in stride but after a while
these false assumptions started to bother me and i started feeling that i should take pride in my
state and try to dispel their negative stereotypes should i just let it go when it comes up in
conversation or should i tell them that kentucky is more than just kfc bourbon hicks and horses
and that's from one cantankerous kentuckian why don't you tell those people fuck off yeah that's
not talking to people from outside your state no it's on the fuck off like what if they are what
so what if the state's full of rednecks and people eat kfc like and horses and bourbon like all that
shit rules yeah that sounds pretty sweet actually that sounds actually it sounds like a paradise
state actually what you've just described um yeah you from west virginia i totally relate yeah i
think we all relate but like people like yeah all i bet you're all just a bunch of backwoods
just just people doing stunts on atvs like yep that's that that would be totally cool if true
like you guys drink a lot of moonshine and play banjos like yeah both of those fucking are awesome
like what's the big deal with you i i like to challenge people like that i ask them when oh uh
you know when the last time they visited was and the answer is always never and then they look
silly like silly gooses when i went to school in oklahoma the number of people from like oh and i
say this with all the love in the world people from oklahoma who are like i bet you guys don't
wear shoes and it's like listen oklahoma i know you're a wonderful state but where do you get off
well west virginia see that too and i moved to texas like people like you roping steers down
there like really bro but yes yes definitely i mean i am but i'd rather not discuss it in
such a derogatory way here's the secret everybody come real close no matter where you live it's all
the same everything is the same it all got bought by corporations every city's the exact same and
it's owned by starbucks and the illuminati and just move on every city's the same it's all the
same got bought got bought by corporations i don't think that's true it's no place has any identity
anymore oklahoma is like new york stretched out new york is like huntington west it's like big
flat new york take one block in in queens and just sort of just sort of smush it to the size of a
state new york is one huntington repeated endless times and squooshed together that's what always
killed me like i'd come back to visit from college and people would be like so how's oklahoma it's
like exactly the same as here but flatter i mean like unless you live in new york city which yes is
on well i mean basically new york city is like big chicago but or like la i call it double chicago
double chicago chicago squared like unless you live in like one of those places or orlando every
other city in america is the same city well orlando gets a pass because they have uh more
uh amusement parks per capita yeah uh than the rest of the country put together that's different
you know when people ask me how austin is i usually respond like you can get fried avocado
tacos like pretty much anywhere that is literally like the defining characteristic of this of this
city and state for me that i think people are like how's cincinnati i'm like well it's right
on a river so we have a thriving trade he just basically recites the wikipedia page our main
exports and imports are i almost hit a dude in with my shopping cart yesterday at walmart
i was buying ingredients to bake a tart to tan today that's going to happen too
but everybody can come over and have some if they want uh got some more that's my favorite that's
my favorite musketeer uh uh but i almost hit this dude with my cart and he smiled and said sorry
because that's west virginia people here are great and you wouldn't know anything about it
if you weren't here yes it's impoverished like a lot of areas here's here's a surprise for you uh
most places that have these kinds of reputations aren't impoverished because they love they love
going out back and not having anything there they don't love going to bed hungry because it's like
their fucking identity they're poor because you corporations bought everything stole our
resources so yes i i mean i understand that why why these stereotypes about reasons are handy
because your brain can't hold all the truth so the brain has to hold convenient lies like when i
think about orlando that i i mean it literally might as well be a road straight to that big
globe in epcot there's a name for that you know that weird dome anyway spaceship earth
spaceship earth what's up so you can i mean i watch a lot of behind the scenes uh documentaries
from uh from disney world so that's my life i watched a lot of battlefield earth so that's sort
of like what i'm into yeah like if you don't travel a lot you just fucking make up these
assumptions you just assume you assume the the funniest about a state and yeah i don't know it's
no one's gonna say like i bet you have like a middle in commerce and i bet you rely heavily
on tourism but most of your money is actually made by coal am i right like yeah that is actually
pretty close you nailed it got it i bet you have average rainfall and a pretty uh common uh lowest
point of the state i bet your pollen count from your deciduous forest i didn't know i didn't know
any smart things to say i just said smart sounding words and then kind of i bet you
i bet your tributaries to uh your biggest the water table
i bet your geology is
slate and shale do you guys want to yeah sure this yahoo was sent in by julie ken thank you
julie it's by yahoo answers user woe is me who asks things you would like to tell non-horse people
and then there's an enumerated list uh i'm ready some of them are just like gibberish
uh just because he's a paint doesn't mean his name is patch i think maybe she meant pinto
no paint is that a type of horse yes it is it's those uh horses that have look like they have
splotches oh okay um no he's not being silly he's pissed off because you're acting like a retard
all right great wow wow cool i'm glad you're focused on horse sensitivity right now we'll
we'll circle back around to human sensitivity uh not his pony won't grow to be a horse didn't mean
anything uh i stepped in horse poop and i don't care it's gonna smell like horse it's a barn
i guess this is if you're in a barn with these people go complain somewhere else and then in
parentheses animal activists at local fairs what do you want to tell these really specific problem
what do you want to tell these people who don't know about horses you're a horse person listen
we're all horse people here this is a saviour horse zone uh what do you say to non-horse people
people who are cool about horses don't offer him that he quit smoking three years ago okay
it seems like a pretty specific scenario i mean i'm just taking people off from my horse smokes yeah
um there's a lot of answers on this which is why i think oh of course there are
um people love to talk there's one thing that people horse people love more than anything
more than uh breaking the spirit of a beautiful animal so they can ride it around town like
the mayor of fancy land but they the other thing they love is judging people who don't have horse
fever as as though as though the uh the thing keeping me from horse isn't the economic barrier
it's just my distaste for for quadrupedal beings um when yahoo answers users said very
interesting question with a lot of good answers fun reading had a good time
i like people that aren't there to provide an answer they just want to
uh comment on how things are going i like the work you're doing asking the tough questions um
here's some more answers yes my horses just eat hay that is what keeps them warm in the winter not
grain so like i guess in this situation quit asking hey i bet your horse keeps warm from grain
like no dog don't talk don't run your fucking mouth in here man you have no fucking idea what
you're talking about take your grain agenda right out the door no which is over there and it opens
in the middle because we gotta get horses through uh no my particular horses don't need shoes if
that changes i'll look into it should put some shoes on that hey why don't you fuck right off
you're not his horse parent i just i just listened to the stuff you should know horseshoes episode
how horseshoes work and i'm almost positive that if you do not put shoes on your horse
their feet hurt real bad travis that's where those attitudes come from now you're gonna get
hate mail you don't know who what this person's fucking situation is and you're talking shit no
i don't blanket my horses in the winter they grow a thick fur coat and do just fine god damn it dad
you gotta trust me you gotta show a little faith we're never gonna make it through this if you
don't trust me this is what's wrong with america we don't teach people at little caesar's how to
make pizza but we expect people who don't own horses to understand the intricacies of maintaining
them this person these all these answers have come from the same person and the wheels kind
of fall off the wagon here yes i have three horses on four acres they have lots to eat
and their pastures will manage so don't tell me the law says they need x number of acres per
hour i think that might actually be like a law legal law i think that might i think we might
need to call our law experts to do some stuff have your horses got a tummy hunger grass on down
you got horses we've got answers we'll sell you our grass no i'm not a horse expert that is why
i have a vet and a farrier i trust and ask lots of questions not knowing every single thing there
is to know in the world of horses does not make me a moron or disqualify me from owning one this
now sounds like a person who is a horse person that is defending themselves from other horse
people who are better horses yeah eight of my horses died under mysterious circumstances also
if you're trusting fairies for horse advice you you should probably hang it up right there
no a farrier a person who drives fairies wait a minute why is the person who drives fairies
knowledgeable about horses because they use the ferry to get the horse across the river
oh no read a goddamn book justin i'm not doing this again get no he's gonna have to take the
bridge like everybody else i'm not putting another horse on my ferry why does that tell
you some things about horses why does that horse look so sad he looks like he was beaten um maybe
because he has a long face literally hey hey whoa okay so that's just you're just telling
a really bad horse joke at this point he he ran into a horse door so what if he walks into a bar
and then why are you so tired all you did was horse riding yeah you wish that's all i was doing
i had a busy day before i got on the horse i went to the bank i paid some bills i bought a saddle
men cleaned it women won't laugh along with you when you crack horse penis jokes so don't even
go there with us okay now it's getting this is starting to veer heavily away from like horses
don't talk about dicks just because i'm around a bunch of republican conservative yahoos doesn't
make me one a jewish liberal equestrian it cannot be whoa man what hold on this is narrow casting
i think right now we're we're getting uh we're intercepting a message intended for one person
um i sometimes worry that as much as i love horses i might hate horse people you know
i hate half horse half people too well no wait no i'm saying like centaurs they can keep it to
themselves i'm done with it centaurs always prancing around uh just because i'm a centaur
doesn't mean i can't poop in the potty like a big boy just because my centaur kids only have three
acres i know what i'm doing thanks they don't have shoes they don't that's because i'm poor
yes i'm half horse but i also eat things other than hay and grains i mean i will eat hay and
grains because they're delicious but i could have a steak if i wanted uh yes my body does have two
discreet hearts in it please don't make jokes about my centaur dick but yeah it's awesome
it's really awesome oh boy i'm like cal drogo over here god damn
uh thank you so much for listening to our program we hope you've uh enjoyed it as much as uh we have
enjoyed making it glad we got to take time a break from comedy this week uh that was really
relaxing we hope uh thank you for sticking with us uh maybe we'll get back to jokes next week who
knows people made some really cool uh mbnb am related stuff this week um there was a first off
i mean there was a hilarious little cartoon based on our um our the thing we said about swords if
you remember we tweeted a link to it we did a link to it um so thank you to uh uh agent ohara
it's his name on twitter twitter he's tyler crowley uh so thank you to tyler and uh we also had someone
make a uh little little griffin t-shirt um that you can they photoshopped it i don't think it's
real right no it's not it's not actual he photoshopped it but we should talk to him and
maybe we can sell them because i want one add for another reason uh chris walsh made that so thanks
chris um and uh we want to say again thank you to hulu plus sponsor hulu plus where you can binge
on thousands of hit shows anytime anywhere and get extended free trial of hulu plus when you
go to hulu plus dot com slash my brother that's hulu plus dot com slash my brother i want to thank
john roger in the long winters um if i'm if i may take a moment to do so let's go right ahead their
music has got me through a lot of hard times and a lot of good times but it also gets me through
the beginning and end of the show because it's how we how we open and close it so thanks guys
for letting us use your song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed which is on
probably amazon and itunes and stuff is that it we're done we did it go watch the other max fun
or listen the other max fun shows just go to maximum fun dot org and just click links um the
final yahoo answer was sent to us by kevin kindred thanks kevin it's by yahoo answers user insert my
name who says how can i let king triton know that i think he's very sexy my name is justin mcroy i'm
travis mcroy i'm griffin mcroy this has been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on
the lips maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
