The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Candlelight Eve Eve episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy.
I am your sweet baby Jesus in a manger, even though that's not really Candlelight's canon
McElroy. It's more like sweet baby Stephen in an oversized down comforter.
There probably was a baby named Stephen born on Candlelight's at some point in history.
Speaking of what- And they probably put him in a barn.
What day does Candlelight's fall on this year?
You have to consult the calendar handed out by your local butcher.
You have your butcher's calendar, don't you? Just check your butcher's calendar.
Why would he have his hands on that?
Because he also makes calendars to raise money for his butcher business.
Butcher business doesn't rake it in like it used to.
This feels like a very local occurrence, though.
Do people all go to my butcher to find out what day it is,
or are they just relying on me to break this news out?
Well, he has a website. I mean, goddamn it, Griffin, it's 2013.
Nice, that's a good point. The Candlelight's is an agnostic pan-religious pansexual
celebration of all things personal pan-sized. Hydroponic.
It's automatic. It is much like Greased Lightning in that it is a real pussy wagon,
and it is a holiday for men and women, boys and girls.
You know, we are coming up on it. It is fast approaching. Open up the advent calendar.
Pop this window open. How many days left?
What's back there?
It's Griffin's pinky toe.
It's my pinky toe.
You know how Thanksgiving and Hanukkah were at the same time this year?
It's like the first time that it's happened in like 5,000 years.
Candlelight's can't do that shit because Candlelight's will like fucking eat the other
holiday and gain its nutrients and power. It's like a parasitic vine, you know,
where it wraps around and then the thing inside dies and then it looks like the whole tree is
like flowering. But don't touch it.
It'll spit poison at you. It'll spit poison at you. What a fun holiday.
I figure Christmas as a holiday has maybe five to six more months before it's just
completely overtaken by Candlelight's. Once our branding train starts going,
and then it'll hit Christmas. Imagine Christmas as a man and then it'll hit him and then,
you know, how his trains hit men.
It's basically Christmas and dreidels and latkes and Kwanzaa songs.
Yeah. So we took the best parts of each holiday, right? Like Kwanzaa songs clearly beat the ever
loving shit out of Christmas songs, out of Hanukkah songs. But Hanukkah has the best breads.
Mm hmm.
But Christmas, you know, we got the trees, you know, those are smelling pretty good.
So we got sights, we got smells, we got sounds, we got flavors, we got touches.
Candlelight's.
Candlelight's. Catch the wave.
And in case anyone was wondering, the Candlelight's, the color scheme is more of,
sort of like the red and green, because that's too, you know, that's been done.
We do like a purple and brown, kind of like peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Kind of like a PBJ.
Our Candlelight's special episode will be going up on the 23rd, I guess,
and that will be a cuss-free, calling it cussing makes me laugh, cuss-free episode of our show.
No wordy nerds at all.
Appropriate for the whole family, except conceptually.
Conceptually, it'll still be challenging material.
The ideas will be adult. You know what it'll be? It'll be like a,
it'll be like a particularly raunchy episode of Married with Children.
Yeah.
It'll be, there'll be a lot of Christina Applegate in this particular episode.
Yeah.
And I'm doing a lot of suggested things. Maybe there's a car wash.
You won't see any areola, you won't see any areolas or nothing,
but you'll like know that they're there.
She gets acid in her eyes and has to take a chemical shower and lab class.
You'll be, you'll be areola adjacent if you spend the candlelight's with us.
You'll know you're there. You'll know they're there.
You will know they're there.
There will be no doubt about it.
This is an advice show, so let's do it.
Hey brothers, I've been dating a woman for about six months and things are going well.
Problem, her birthday is a week before Christmas,
so in the past it's been lumped in with the holiday.
Any ideas for how to make her birthday special and have it stand out from the holidays?
Right now I'm planning on taking her out to dinner, but not sure what else to do.
And that's thanks timing troubles in Texas.
Can you, can you not just have a birthday party?
It's too close though, right?
Like is your worry that it will accidentally become a Christmas party?
Ha shit, they showed up in sweaters with presents.
No, but like eggnog everywhere.
Christmas is the most wonderful time of the year.
It beats the shit out of any birthday you could ever possibly have, right?
So when you have them that close together,
I think that there's, there's just sort of a natural comparison that goes on there.
And people say, well, it was nice, but, um, you know,
my entire family wasn't there and there wasn't eggnog.
Uh, the other benefit to candlelight's is that you never have this problem.
Candlelight's is so long that about one third to two thirds of the population
has a birthday in or near candlelight's.
It is hard to get away from it.
We cover like four astrological signs.
With most holidays, there's a debate as to when you can start decorating.
For the holiday with candlelight's, the question is when you can stop decorating.
You just can't.
And usually it's just when the support structures in your house begin to bend
and moan under the weight of the trimmings and the deckings.
Maybe you could decorate her like a birthday tree.
Maybe string some birthday garland.
This is kind of a weird sentence.
What?
You're just sort of conflating like a lot of ideas that don't.
No, like you light some, you light the birthday candles and the birthday wreaths.
Um, you sing some birthday carols.
You light the wreaths?
You light the candles and the wreaths.
It's a fucking exciting birthday.
Well, you gotta, you gotta flameproof the wreath.
Is this your first birthday wreath?
Um, you ever birthday wreath before?
God, if somebody's, if this is somebody's first episode of the podcast and you're like,
who are these fucking clowns that don't understand holidays?
It's like we're three aliens that just came to this planet.
I'm like, take me to your Halloween turkey.
I'm, I'm willing to bet, question asker, that if this person has spent their entire life
with their birthday, getting lumped in at the Christmas, you doing any amount to make
them feel special will go such a long way.
Just like completely, you taking them out to a nice dinner and making it all about them
and not, because I bet the lumping is like mostly in like the present department.
It's a birthday and Christmas.
Good luck escaping it though.
Like you can't get away from Christmas because it's everywhere.
You can't pretend that it's not Christmas.
I don't think to avoid lumping it, you have to pretend like Christmas doesn't exist.
You just make it about the person, you know, because I would bet that's the problem is
that it's hard to throw a party because everyone's throwing Christmas parties.
It's hard to, you know, they probably got one gift for Christmas and birthday that probably
the family came in and said, let's celebrate on the 23rd because the whole family will
be in town.
The problem is that it is about, the problem is it's already about a person stretching
back to like already Christmas has exploded beyond its seams all the way back to like
the middle of November.
So the only person that's about it is Juicy Crust.
Well, Juicy Crust has got to be pissed because no one celebrates his birthday.
They just celebrate Christmas.
You know, you could, we picked an arbitrary date for Jesus's birthday and that's bad
luck for you, but what you could do is change your birthday, maybe step off my lord and
savior, let him have his time.
He was there first.
He did get here first and he did have to sleep in a manger.
It kind of sucks.
I feel really bad for anybody in this situation.
I've always secretly felt bad for you two because like my birthday's in April, so you
get like a nice gap there.
It's like a little stop gap of like, man, it sure has been a few months since I got some presents.
And then I get them.
For you guys, it's like, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, my birthday's about two months away from Christmas.
Yeah, but the year, if you look at it, if you look at the year as a whole, like it's
kind of, it's kind of top heavy for you two.
And you don't have a lot to like space you out.
Me, like I'm wandering through the desert and then I reach April, I'm like, oh, present
oasis.
What about Easter, dawg?
You're just getting birthday baskets.
Um, we don't really do that anymore.
Kind of 30.
Kind of like 30.
We're all pretty much 30.
So you guys don't get Easter baskets?
I get Easter baskets.
Do you really?
What did you do to stay in good with that big bunny?
Um, I married someone who still does Easter.
So should I get back in it?
Like you guys, I mean, all three of us are like super into holidays.
I have like done fell off the Easter.
You need to get back into Easter because here's the jam of Easter.
Completely off topic.
But Easter is just a just an excuse.
It's like it's like Halloween for adults for lazy people.
It's like trick or treat for lazy people because you don't have to go door to door.
Someone just hands you a basket full of candy.
Yeah, it says go to town.
I'll take any excuse to eat a whole ham.
I know I'm I'm I say next Easter we we appropriate that one too.
Well, no.
Here's the fucking problem though.
I just talked to all this shit about how it sucks to have your birthday around Christmas.
But my birthday is basically Easter.
So if I start doing Easter, then I'm going to start feeling the redundancy.
I'm gonna have to move my shit to like what?
August?
Move your shit to August.
I that's what I would say.
You run into flag day in August?
Oh, we tear that shit up on flag day, though, in Austin.
Yeah, is that pop off?
It pops.
Right pop.
What's a month that has nothing in it?
I mean, April occasionally you get out of but April Fools is still in April.
This is pretty fun.
I mean, I know maybe veterans memorials.
One of those is in there.
You know what?
Nothing's in August.
I really don't think August has much going on, except it has it has like a labor or a
president's or a veterans or memorials.
Those four are all pretty.
I think they swap places actually secretly every year.
Yeah, it's hard to people have to tell me I don't keep a very good you.
Is there a June?
What's in June?
Arbor Day.
Flag Day.
How about a Yahoo?
Because this bit is getting a little long in the tooth.
This Yahoo was sent in by Elizabeth Scott.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Celine Lola Pasman, who asks,
Is it normal to hang out with your lunch lady?
Okay, so I want to go to Warped Tour with my lunch lady.
Whoa.
But we're both still debating either or not.
It's illegal.
So is it additional additional details?
She won't go to jail, will she?
Because she listens to some really cool bands and stuff.
Hold up, hold up, hold up.
This is asked by someone named Selena, so I'm going to assume a girl.
Celine Lola Pasman.
Okay, young girl.
Let's put her in.
Let's not jump to let's not jump to conclusion.
Middle school or high school?
Definitely high school.
Benefit of the doubt, high school.
Okay, so let's say 16, 17 year old.
Okay.
Discovering your own body.
Discovered her sexuality.
Go on.
Not in the context of this question.
Just like, that's where she is.
That's where she's at.
That's just where she's at.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But her lunch lady, super cool.
Fucking super cool.
Let's skew young on the lunch lady and say like 28, 29.
Graduated from college with like a biochemistry degree,
but then never really did anything with it.
Never really.
She's a lunch lady.
Yeah.
But she's still super cool.
She's really into molecular gastronomy,
but she doesn't really get a lot of time to like practice it at work.
So she just wants to go to fucking warp tour.
She does cool stuff too.
Like she'll chop up the super donuts and like
refry them with an injection of like cayenne pepper or something.
Oh, that sounds delicious.
So we're assuming that Celine is a super cool like 16, 17 year old.
Really mature for her age, old soul.
Yeah, definitely.
There's something going on behind the eyes.
That she's not your regular every day, 16, 17 year old.
I'm going to say it's okay.
I'm going to say I'd watch that movie.
I think it would be a good movie.
It's an unconventional relationship, but it's one that I can certainly celebrate.
I do think though, you got to at some point in this film we've created in this fiction,
I think, and I think our question asker here is going to run into the same thing.
I think society is going to judge.
They're not going to understand like we understand this very special relationship
that we've constructed from whole cloth.
They're not going to see Celine and Lunchy the way that we see them.
Can we give her like, we've given her a fucking life.
We just breathed life into this woman.
Like the fucking hit film AI.
Like we just created this person.
Can we give her a God damn name?
How about this?
I feel like Lunch-a-rella.
Okay, Lunch-o.
How about just Lunch-o?
If we're going to fucking be dicks about it, let's just do Lunch-o.
How about Lunch-o McGee?
All right, great.
Man, really put our backs in that one.
This story would be a lot of a hit film, a little film called The Man Without a Face.
Okay.
People didn't see what was going on between Mel Gibson and that kid.
Let's play a game.
That's because Mel Gibson didn't have a face, if I remember correctly.
Didn't watch that one super close.
No, I think he was just a skull, a talking skull, and the kid hung out with him.
You shouldn't hang out with that talking skull man because I think he's a baby.
What was the problem with him?
So like his face had melted off while he was like helping Hitler or something.
It was actually the first adaptation of Ghost Rider and they got it really wrong.
They messed it up pretty bad.
And the second adaptation of Monkeybone.
Guys.
Monkeybone face, leave that kid alone.
Why can't Skeletor hang out with kids?
Okay, here's some of the headliners at Warped Tour 2014.
Okay.
There's a Stray from the Path.
Don't know who that is.
Hardcore band.
Tear Out the Heart.
Don't know who that is.
Metalcore.
Plague Vendor.
Nope.
Teenage Bottle Rocket.
Mixed Tapes.
Made up.
Skate Shoes.
That's made up.
That one is actually made up.
Okay.
There's the Proto Men, I actually have heard of.
Okay, Proto Men, I know.
Have heard of them.
So one, I guess that'll be a pretty good show.
What do you think Plague Vendors,
what do you think a Plague Vendor show is like?
It's like dudes in those like 17th century bird masks
just vomiting into the crowd.
Plus, here's the weird thing, it's funded by Andy Williams.
So around this time of year, a lot of Christmas tunes.
Interesting.
It's what the audience demands.
And they do it by a big pool of stagnant water.
Everybody get your shots.
No, but seriously, we're offering shots at the foot of the stage.
Herd immunity is down in 2013.
2013.
But no, seriously, it's filthy.
It's fucking really super gross.
Clean your butts or else you'll get prostatitis
like Griffin did at Bonnaroo 2006.
Is Griffin here?
Raise your hand, little buddy.
Is Griffin here?
Raise your hand.
Why don't you stay seated, buddy?
Guys, I just read.
This one goes out to Griffin.
It hurts to sit, it hurts to sit, it hurts to stand.
And get somewhere in between and stay that way.
Squad for your life, Plague Vendor's only hit.
This is absolutely, by the way, one of those situations,
I've kind of recognized them now,
where as soon as the show goes live,
someone will tweet at both us and Plague Vendor
and say these fucking guys, these guys.
They think you care about Griffin's butthole.
Prove you do not.
They might be awesome.
If they have any cure, it's chronic.
One of the guys who answers on this said that
you can't cross state lines with someone.
If they're over 18 and you're under 17,
if you cross state lines with them,
then you break the law.
Is that fucking true?
That can't be true.
That can't be true.
Maybe without parental permission.
Yeah.
But without permission, I feel like it wouldn't be okay
for me to take a kid without permission
so long as I stayed within Ohio.
Yeah, yeah.
He has to cross state lines, we can't do anything.
Ohio's a big state though.
Texas, we have a lot of flexibility there
because I didn't take them with Northern Panhandle.
They will never see their parents again,
but I'm taking them to Warped Tour
so it's totally fine, totally platonic.
It's a super cool Celine-Luncho relationship.
It's more of a mentorship.
I'd watch that movie Tuesdays with Luncho
if it was about Celine wants to go to Warped Tour
but her parents are like, no, you're eight.
And Luncho was like, no, get in my Toyota Corolla.
We're going.
And then it was like a road trip to Warped Tour
but they couldn't cross state lines
so they weren't able to make it to Warped Tour.
So they had to stage their own Warped Tour
at the local amphitheater.
It's like a benefit show.
It's just a big banner up there.
It says like, let's get warped.
The R is backwards, it's adorable.
Hey, I got another question for you guys.
Okay.
I've been in a relationship for six years
but we have never spent a Christmas together.
We started dating in high school
and I've always gone to our respective families
homes for the holiday.
We've continued to do so now that we've graduated.
This has been fine but we really like to start
spending this major holiday together
and are struggling on the how.
We live in Washington, her parents live in California,
a minor in Oregon so splitting time
or the holiday isn't an option.
We aren't ready to have Christmas on our own
so at some point one of us will be the child
that didn't come home for Christmas that year.
To add complications, her dad's birthday happens
to fall on Christmas.
Now that all of you are married,
presumably splitting some holiday time between in-laws,
how have you and your significant, et cetera, et cetera,
candle nights as from stumped in Spokane?
I mean, it's not an issue
because we're all spending Christmas together.
All spending like Christmas day together.
The real answer, you have to get really stupid,
creative and sacrifice, sacrifice.
We don't have to do that
because our family trust is bond and blood and love
and trust and blood, you know what I mean?
We're spending Christmas together in our hearts.
Yeah, in our body because our hearts are in our bodies
and our bodies are all gonna be together
Christmas morning tearing open those packages.
Even though our bodies will be far apart, Griffin,
our souls will still call to each other.
Well, December 25th I just told us
we'll have to call each other
because our voices came from across the room.
Yeah, I'll see your face.
Sometimes more orange rolls.
Good morning, here's your Christmas kiss.
Sometimes people love each other.
I love you.
You have to spend a little time apart.
I can't wait to tell you I love you
face-to-face on Christmas morning.
Good news, you guys.
Can't wait.
I've hired a Travis impersonator
to be there on Christmas with you.
So there'll be two Travis's, that'll be fun.
No, no, no.
It's gonna be the best Christmas ever.
My only wish was that we get all together,
married finally in defiance of logic and God's will
to just be, this goof is running a little long too.
Travis is not gonna be with us on Christmas morning.
This is how you explain it.
No, well, okay, Griffin.
That's what he says.
But I've been watching a lot of ABC.
Oh, what's that present behind?
What's that present behind the desk?
A lot of ABC family in the run-up to Candle Nights.
And if I've learned anything from that series of films.
You watched a movie with Joey Lawrence in it, didn't you?
No, no, I watched an actual,
this is an actual plot of a real movie
called Holiday in Handcuffs
that I only saw about 20 minutes of, but I got it.
Melissa Joan Hart was a disgruntled waitress
who was tired of not having a boyfriend for the holidays.
So she kidnaps Mario Lopez.
Fuck.
Yeah, and takes her to her family home.
Mary Kay Place is her mom.
I didn't recognize the dad,
but he is her prisoner for the holidays.
Does she know him?
Or is this like a fucking like random crime of passion?
It's a random crime.
She kidnaps him.
She has crazy hair.
And it's a very sort of Kathy Bates and Misery vibe.
At the end of the movie though,
Does they fall in love?
Does Mil Lopez go,
oh, I see now that you're a good person and I love you.
Well, no, he doesn't see if she's a good person.
She straightens her whack haircut
and she's all that into him.
He says, I really do love you
and I'm glad that you kidnapped me.
It's a Christmas miracle.
She says, okay, I'm gonna take these handcuffs off
so he can kiss.
And he says, great.
And she takes the handcuffs off
and then he picks up the phone that's sitting next to her
and hits her over the head with it and runs away.
It says, not today.
I'd watch that movie.
I think the biggest fiction about that movie
is that you actually legally cannot kidnap Mario Lopez.
He's just happy to have something to do.
What?
Is there work there?
Or kids?
Are there gonna be kids?
That's just cause he approaches everything as a gig.
Everything.
They got blankets?
I'm in.
My payment is a plate of biscuits and a warm blanket.
Thank you very much.
And then it actually says that in all of his contracts.
If you leave more biscuits and a warm blanket
out at night on Christmas Eve,
Mario Lopez will literally be dead.
You'll walk into the living room
and he's watching a VHS tape of the Greg Louganis movie
that he was in.
Oh, come on.
Why don't you sit down with me?
There's room for two.
It's in French and it's not subtitled.
We're gonna shoot some intros and outros real quick.
I just get this gig nailed.
I brought my own gaffer.
Is that cool?
Well, you have fun on this show, but-
Travis won't be with us.
Travis definitely won't be.
Okay, if you're looking for an excuse,
there's two options here.
If you're looking for an excuse to not have to travel
and just want to spend some quality time
with your significant other-
That's not an option.
That's not what he's asking for.
That's the wisdom of Solomon.
No Christmas!
No, there's an easy answer.
You have a kid.
The kid's gonna get you out of at least two years of travel.
They're not ready to spend Christmas in that fashion.
No, they want to spend it with their families.
It's just, how do they pick now?
Well, what we're doing is alternating years
as to whose place-
So we're spending the 21st, 22nd, 23rd with the McElroys
and then the 24th, 25th, 26th with the Wellmans.
It would be nice if Griffin could have synced that up, but-
Yeah, that would have been pretty nice.
But then next year it'll flip
and we'll be at our house for Christmas.
Yeah, and Rachel and I do something kind of-
This is not something that Justin has to deal with
because all of those family units
are in fairly immediate proximity,
but Rachel and I just do Thanksgiving with her folks
and Christmas with mine,
and usually her folks come in a few days before Christmas
and we'll hang out with them for a bit.
Yeah, my situation has its own set of challenges.
I've spent an hour of every Christmas-
The murderous ghost that lives in the Smurls house.
I spent an hour of every Christmas commuting,
a Christmas day commuting for the past eight years, I think.
That's been like Christmas for me.
And it's hard.
That's its own sort of thing
because you are in town and you are so close.
You always feel like you're disappointing people
no matter where you're at.
And then when you're driving on 52
between Huntington and Ironton,
you're disappointed the most important person
is just yourself constantly every 30 seconds
when you drive past someone who isn't Arby's.
The problem is when it's Christmas day,
there's never a good time to leave on Christmas day.
There's never a point where everyone's like,
I wish that guy would just get out of here.
Has this been magical enough?
Is the magic over, would you guys say?
Our rule generally is you wait for the first person
to fall asleep and then you have a pretty solid out.
Why don't you just do it at your place?
Just do like a super fucking-
You guys would throw the sickest Christmas rager.
You would tear the fucking city apart.
You start at 6 a.m., you pop some eggs,
you just don't stop until the Christmas tree burns down.
That's what I'm saying.
You have the power to cancel your own captivity
in Christmas hell that you find yourself in.
I know, but then it's like even sadder
when you're like by yourself
or just sitting there alone.
No, you invite other people over, I guess.
Justin, I make you this Christmas promise right now forever.
You ready?
Yeah.
I will never pay for a hotel when I'm in Huntington.
I will always, always, always stay at your house.
This is a guarantee from me to you, brother to brother,
I will never, ever not impose.
That's touching, Griffin.
You never have to worry about being alone
when I'm in town just chilling on your couch
eating the snacks that you've bought for me at Kroger's.
Do you still like flip sides that-
I'll eat the fuck out some flip sides.
I've been working on a new technique where I eat one side.
I'll eat like the pretzel side
and then I'll get to that cracker side in a bit.
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
I will need two boxes of those.
This is on my, this is on my waiver.
Need it.
Travis, are you staying with us at all
or are you staying just in Ironton?
Are we gonna discuss all of our travel plans, though?
Yeah, why not?
We're gonna do a night in Ironton,
a night in Huntington.
Bed situations get a little bit cramped.
I hope that we don't-
We've got our dog with us, too,
but she'll probably stay at Dad and Carol's.
If we stay together in Ironton,
Rachel and I totally call the Austin Powers room
that has the Austin Powers poster.
Aw, you dick.
Yeah, that one's mine.
I need that.
Let's get some money.
You gotta have your family around, right?
And you're not gonna have any idea what to do with them.
Who knows?
Who has any idea what to do with these people?
They're in your home and you have no options.
Well, we have an option for you.
It's called Hulu Plus.
You know Hulu.com.
Everybody knows Hulu.com.
But Hulu Plus lets you watch thousands
of television programs and movies.
You wanna do something with your family?
How about you binge on Jimmy Kimmel Live
or Sharp, maybe something more timely,
actually, now that I think about it.
Brand of Shark Tank or Scandal.
And you can even get old stuff.
Get some Doctor Who community.
Get it.
Get into it with your family.
There's also original-
There's originals.
Unique shows that Hulu does,
like The Wrong Man's.
There's also a docu-series.
Behind the Mask is the docu-series.
And it takes you inside the world of sports mascots.
Travis, you are dick deep in that show, right?
Mm-hmm.
Can't stop.
Won't stop.
Ad-free movies, stuff for kids.
It's really good for the holidays.
But here's the secret right now.
We can get you through the holidays.
Well, we can get you through Christmas
with a two-week free trial to Hulu Plus.
Normally it costs $7.99 a month.
Let's be honest, it's $8.
But you can get a two-week free trial
using going to huluplus.com slash my brother right now.
Get that free trial, get those TV shows,
and get your family distracted
so you can get out of the house and catch a smoke.
Wait, what?
For once.
I have a call to action.
I have a demand, actually.
I'll just call it a demand.
Check out Watch Out for Fireballs.
Show, it's on iTunes, or you can also catch it on Duck Feed TV.
And while you're at it, you can check out the other shows
on Duck Feed TV.
It's a podcast network.
It's Duck Feed dot TV.
Dot TV.
It's a network, not unlike our own.
Watch Out for Fireballs is a retro games podcast.
It's hosted by Gary Butterfield,
the Secret Service agent from the West Wing,
and Cole Ross.
Friend of the show, Cole Ross.
Thanks, Cole Ross, for being a bud.
Every episode is an in-depth exploration of an older game
where they talk about why it succeeds or fails,
and there's jokes and there's sketches and goofs and spoofs.
And they have a really big back catalog,
so I'm sure there's something in there
that is about a game that you love.
So check it out.
It's great because you can hop in, hop out
with just the episode interest you.
It's an old nostalgic game for you.
Check it out.
Check out Duck Feed, too.
They have a show all about the hit game Dark Souls,
which is really good, and Justin never beat it
because he's got a little boy's penis.
He's got a little, like a baby,
like a little, like a little, little boy's penis.
I got a message for Henry, and it's from Aiden.
And I, Aiden.
Oh, you don't know.
Why are you fucking pretending like you know?
Beyond Two Souls ruined me on Aiden
because that game pronounces it Aiden,
and that's wrong, objectively.
We all know that's wrong.
Super French sensibilities.
Anyway, happy birthday, Sweet Pea.
You're the total package.
Cute butt and a cute heart, XOXO.
I'm willing to bet that Aiden has not seen Henry's heart.
And let me also throw this out.
I've been watching a lot of toddlers and heroes.
That is not the complete package.
What else does Aiden need?
What?
What else does Aiden need?
You got to have poise.
You got to have the talent.
Got to see in their eyes because they
can't be straining in their eyes.
Yeah, right.
Right?
Listen, you can get up there.
You can walk with confidence.
But if your talent game is shit, get off the stage.
Henry, when's the last time you updated your flippers?
Because if you have some out of date flippers,
you'll have like little weird teeth.
Well, then here's the thing.
You could have one of those homemade costumes, splurge,
spend the money.
It's worth it.
It's totally worth it.
You'll see the difference.
You tell the difference.
For God's sake, bring your own hair and makeup person.
Don't trust the pageant organizers
because you know they're getting kickbacks.
And don't just have your mother do it.
Hire someone.
Hire a trainer.
Get them in there every week.
Speaking of splurging, Extreme Restraints
is an adult superstore that you can
go to to find all kinds of things that will make you splurge,
both financially and-
I actually just moved from a medium gauge
to a heavy gauge splurger.
Now, see, I was saying like-
Oh, I got stretched out enough?
Yeah, well, oh, no, no.
When you talk about it like some sort of tool
that you use to widen an orifice,
you're ranging into like Sucian territory.
I would not, could not with a splurge.
But I'm working on it.
But I'm trying, Dan.
It takes time.
It's a fibrous-
It's a fibrous tissue.
It doesn't like to be stretched.
ExtremeRestraints.com is an adult superstore.
You get toys, sexual in nature, books, DVDs.
They've had over a half million customers
and you can be half made in one.
You can get Curious Games of Benjamin Button.
You don't have that.
All kinds of DVDs on there.
Golden Girls complete box set.
That might be somebody's fetish.
I don't know.
What's great is they cut in sex scenes
into all the episodes, which is really nice.
Worth it.
Totally worth it.
You can get a bargain deal at ExtremeRestraints.com.
You can get some, like, what is it?
20% off, I think?
Something crazy like that.
You gotta use the coupon code Sexabunga.
I can't believe how long that one's fucking rolled.
I know.
Sexabunga is still legit.
You can use it at ExtremeRestraints.com.
Save yourself, I guess, 20%.
It's a good amount.
It's a healthy portion.
It's a healthy portion.
20% of you use it this week.
It's 10% every week after this.
So there you go.
There it is.
ExtremeRestraints.com.
Place your orders now.
Maybe you'll get in time for Christmas.
I don't know what their shipping speed is.
They don't indicate whether or not it'll arrive by Christmas.
It'll come by Christmas, and so will you.
But it's a pleasant, friendly vulgarity
from two guys who went to a reasonably prestigious
UC college.
Why don't you try this show out now?
Grab one with one of your favorite comedians,
like Rob Corddry or Rob Delaney or whatever.
Or somebody awesome that maybe you haven't heard of yet.
Yeah, go to MaximumFun.org or your favorite podcasting app
and download an episode of Jordan Jesse Go! now.
I have so many.
Thanks, everybody, who sent in in the Yahoos.
This one, though, was sent in by Christopher Baker.
Thanks, Chris.
It's by Yahoo Answers User X, who asks,
what happened to fashion?
Firstly, if you get offended or butt-hurt by this question,
don't answer.
But my question is an honest one.
What the hell happened to fashion?
I mean, every time I turn on the TV or go out,
people are dressed up awful.
Men are wearing skinny jeans, ugly colored chinos,
tacky V-necks, have the worst hairstyles,
wearing awful-looking flannel shirts,
and stupid-looking snapbacks.
And to make this worse, it seems to be considered as cool and hip.
What the F dash dash dash?
I consider myself to be old-school, I mean, honestly.
Look back at 2003 to 2004.
Fashion was so cool and normal-looking.
No one wore any of the above-listed clothes.
Everyone wore normal-looking jeans, loose cargo pants,
long sleeves, normal-looking baseball caps, et cetera.
What the hell happened?
Every time I go to a store online to find clothes,
I can never find anything that I want.
Every jeans or trousers in stores are skinny jeans.
Just like me.
Every jeans or trousers in stores are skinny jeans, chinos.
Or they have-
Where's the JNCO jeans?
Or they have the, and then there's a hateful word here,
that if I had seen when I was vetting this question,
I wouldn't have read it anywhere,
because I do not appreciate that.
But they said a pejorative term
about the tapered-leg looking effect.
I mean, every men's trouser is now fricking tapered.
I can never find a trouser with the standard leg cut even more.
Even loose, regular jeans are all tapered.
Or when looking for a hat, everything is a snapback.
I hate these goofy-looking hats.
I'm desperately looking for a normal hat,
like these ones worn by Linkin Park in this video.
And then there's a video of a Linkin Park concert.
Two of the men are wearing hats.
Regular hats, you would say?
They're definitely not snapbacks.
Now, it seems that people love to dress up in a bizarre manner,
and even bands like Linkin Park enjoy the hipster trend.
So what the hell happened?
Anyone out there share the same feelings as me?
Fuck.
Even fucking Linkin Park has succumbed
to the siren sound of a snapback hat.
You bastion of fashions.
Where?
Those paragons, those fashionistas.
Those men among men.
Where is this guy shopping?
The shining city on the Linkin Park hill.
Hi, I'm Jesse Thorne.
This week on Put This On,
a whole episode dedicated to Linkin Park.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for listening.
Where are you going?
Hey, come back.
Oh my Jesus.
Guys, I am fucking one step closer to the edge
and I'm about to break.
What happened to fashion?
Real quick question.
You remember the golden days in 2003-2004?
Is 2003-2004 quote old school?
That's when fashion made sense to him for a little while.
How, okay, okay, fun quiz.
Answer at the same time on three.
Okay.
How old is this dude?
One, two, three.
21.
Okay, a lot of broad spectrum there.
Broad spectrum.
I don't understand where this guy is shopping
or living or existing
where he can't find literally everything in the world.
What's great?
Everything in the world is on sale.
Just go to like,
I bet there's a store called No Snapbacks and Regular Pants.
Notate.com.
Go to fucking TJ Maxx.
Become a Maxinista.
Get those, get those non-tabred jeans.
So I get my non-tabred jeans, friendo.
You're welcome.
There's a little TJ Maxx tip from Trav to you.
Do you guys know that in the UK it's called TK Maxx?
As if we wouldn't notice.
Is it really?
Yeah, it's bizarre.
I saw a commercial.
It was like, it was really one of those,
am I dreaming?
Am I like in that half reality between wake and asleep?
Let me ask you this question,
or rather observation.
I think my favorite thing about this question
is the use of the word desperately in looking for hats
because I can just picture this guy busting into like a Hollister.
Be like, where are the hats?
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, Scott.
You don't understand.
He's just, he's just knocking shelving over.
Snapbacks, snapbacks, snapbacks.
Lincoln Park, how could you?
I thought that everybody shop for hats
in the same way that I shop for hats,
which is that you find the one hat
and maybe in the universe that fits your weird head.
The top of my head is like octagonal, basically.
I've been wearing the same West Virginia Pumpkin Festival hat
for the past like seven years
because it fits my melon.
Because it fits it.
I didn't know that people had a choice in that matter.
Um, there is a lot of agreement in the answers section of this question.
A lot of people are totally on board with this, with this dude.
One person calls him out for his homophobia, which yeah, fuck this guy.
He doesn't deserve anybody's help in the first place
because of his hate speech.
But, um, but he has made some excellent points
about how terrible fashion is nowadays.
What happened to those loose fitting cargoes?
Those loose fitting cargoes that looked so good on everyone
on the last season of Dawson's Creek.
Listen, not only up here, but some people
up here put some pockets down here.
How convenient.
The closest I ever got to matching fashion
is that one time I had a Hawaiian shirt.
I still have it actually.
And my wife informed me that it had once been worn by Pacey on Dawson's Creek.
And that was the closest I got to really being fashionable.
It was five years after the series ended, of course, but still.
Um, I have to read this answer from somebody
who has agreed with this person's assertion
in, I would say, an unorthodox manner.
He, I'm assuming, he or she responded.
It's called cultural collapse.
All cultures eventually collapse all in the same general manner
and for the same general reasons.
Symptoms of impending collapse include basic service jobs
taken over by immigrants, increasing welfare roles,
national defense given to mercenaries because citizens refuse to serve,
debunking of national heroes in admiration of slobs instead,
rejection of the dominant religion, morals, and all standards of excellence.
First noticed in arts and then in all activities.
The trigger for the final collapse is always random
and always something that a healthy society could have handled.
And he links to a website called comingdarkage.blogspot.com.
So I think that this person,
in agreeing with the fact that ginkgo jeans were pretty comfortable
and, man, wouldn't it be great if ginkgo jeans were still around,
may have lost his fucking gourd at some point.
What I'd love to see is the Yahoo Answers question asker
getting to that answer and be like, yeah, so many people are-
Yeah.
Whoa.
Whoa. Hey, buddy.
I was just saying I wanted a snapback hat.
I hit a nerve here.
I think America's doing pretty okay.
Travis, you watched the movie Collapse.
Is this a plot line when he's like, the old dude from that movie is like,
oh, I know exactly what I'm talking about.
Look, here's a graph and the graph says ginkgo jeans on it.
And then it's just a line going down.
So thanks, Obama, I guess.
I enjoy the idea that the supposition that the collapse of society
was not heralded by the existence of Linkin Park,
which I probably could have gotten on board with,
but with Linkin Park switching to snapbacks and hipster wear.
That is the sign that we have-
Well, that's what signaled the fall of Rome,
is they went to wear the skinny fit togas as everybody knew.
Is there any fucking band from that era that has kept it OG?
And by OG, I mean, 2003-2004?
I mean, Harry Connick Jr. has kept it pretty close to the vest.
He's kept it pretty cool.
I think Blink-182 still is-
No, fuck those fools.
Those fools went fucking corpo sellout bullshit.
Is that why they're not invited back to Warped Tour anymore?
I remember when those fucks used to show up at Warped Tour
and they had those thermal shirts
and they cut holes in them for their thumbs to come through.
That was a cool fucking look.
I still do that look, but out of necessity,
because I just have a lot of holes in my shirt.
And you get cold palms.
By the way-
I get the cold palms.
Because I'm sure everyone was wondering,
the last post on thecomingdarkage.blogspot.com
was posted in 2004, so apparently they gave up.
They gave it up.
Fuck.
Maybe they traded in their jinkos and they're like,
no, it's time, this is a young man's game.
Let me just throw this out real quick too.
Abraham Lincoln Park.
Go on.
You just said a thing, it didn't really-
I know, but it popped in my head like five minutes ago
and I knew it wasn't gonna come up organically.
Yeah, well there's a pretty good reason.
That's like, you just wrote a sketch day,
a series of sketches on Saturday Night Live.
You don't take more than that sometimes.
Can I read another Yahoo?
Please.
It's sent in by Steven.
Emrick thanks Steven.
It's by a Yahoo answers user.
What?
And then an emoticon that I don't know how to pronounce.
And what asks, what do you like the most about Yahoo Answers?
For me, for me, it helps me to spend my time.
That was what?
Answering not me.
It helps me to spend my time?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, he's in prison.
It's possible.
What is in solitary confinement
but somehow has gotten his hands on a tablet?
Yahoo Answers is better about leaping to assumptions.
Yeah.
Okay.
It helps him spend his time because he's trapped in a box.
That the government put him in for crime.
That's the government.
He put him in a crime box for a thing he did.
You can leave anytime you want, but there are bars.
They're locked.
And they're locked.
They will meet with you periodically to see if you're cool to go.
Are you cool to go?
Not yet.
Guys, someone answered the best thing about Yahoo is having contacts
and making friends here.
There's some nice people here.
There's some trolls too.
There's some trolls too.
What kind of lasting relationship begins with,
help, my cat's on fire and it's in my butt and I'm drunk.
And I'm 12.
To be fair, that's the time of Teresa.
I'm also 12.
Guys, I like, if you make that joke,
but if someone helped you out of that old dickament,
then I think you would owe them a debt of gratitude
and you would appreciate them.
If someone helped you out of that
and they were able to keep it a secret,
you'd owe them a life debt.
You'd have to follow them around.
Why don't they, it's like a mob thing
where instead of like asking for advice,
you ask for a favor,
but someday Yahoo Answers will contact you
and they'll need you to do them a favor
and you can't say no.
Sort of like pay it backward.
Yeah, pay it backward.
You know, I would be on this,
on board with like goofing about all these people
probably haven't made any long lasting friendships
through Yahoo Answers,
but I watched this Second Life documentary
where like married people like swinging with each other
and like going to conventions in Las Vegas
for like people that they run Second Life businesses with online
and like anything's fucking possible.
There probably is a Yahoo Answers baby out there.
I mean, it's not sad, it's fucking beautiful.
Who are we to cast dispersions?
I just hope it's one of the good ones.
People have given us so much
and we've given them nothing.
We've given them literally nothing.
I'm gonna fucking start a Yahoo Answers account.
That's my New Year's resolution.
I'm starting a Yahoo Answers account.
I'm gonna get active in that community.
I'm gonna fucking do a thousand hours community service.
I'm gonna get my hands dirty.
You know, the catch 22 of the nature of our business
is that if we were to honest to God,
answer and fix all of these,
if we were to be the Yahoo Answers superheroes
that didn't make fun,
but instead answered earnestly and honestly,
we put ourselves out of a job.
Cause you think we could be the change
that we want to see in the world
or in this case that we don't actually want to see.
We rippled through and instead of these,
we were like, yeah, put a pizza crust in your butt.
If we went through and said, oh, okay, you want to wait,
that's how you do it, you do it like this.
Or we would probably tell them not to do that, Travis.
We wouldn't give them detailed instructions
on the best way to put pizza in your butt.
No, no, no, I'm saying that that's an,
give them alternate ways to give back their pizza crust.
How would you even know the best way
to put pizza in your butt, Travis?
Cause you can't go, that's another catch.
Or if you remember, the question wasn't how best to do it.
It was other ways to get back at their parent
without putting pizza crust in their butt.
What I'm saying though,
is we have built another catch 22 in there.
Is that where do you look
for how to best put pizza in your butt, but Yahoo Answers.
It's a fucking time paradox.
You can't get that information from Yahoo Answers
to give it to someone on Yahoo Answers.
This is the thing about Yahoo Answers
that you don't realize until you really get deep into it
and think about it.
And this is what those people over at midnight
will never understand about Yahoo Answers,
is that it is only an appropriate place for questions.
They're either questions that are so weird
Google can't answer them,
or people that are so dumb they can't Google.
So that's the balance the Yahoo Answers strikes.
It's right there in the middle
between the bizarre and the stupid.
It has to be a one in a million problem for there not to be,
because think about this for a second.
If you Google any of these questions,
which I assume you would do
before you put yourself out there to strangers.
If you Google any of these questions
and someone has already asked it on Yahoo Answers,
then the answer you seek will be there.
So QED, you cannot be the first person in the world
to have this problem for it to appear on Yahoo Answers.
That's how unique the situation has to be.
This seems like a great money-making opportunity, doesn't it?
Like if I do that and the top answer is Yahoo Answers,
then I will know that this is knowledge.
This is information that literally doesn't exist in the world.
I can breathe more knowledge into the world,
like Albert fucking Einstein.
And also I can go to godaddy.com
and I can get the domain pizzabutts.org.
Uh-huh.
Or I mean, let's make it more descriptive,
bestpizzabuts.org.
Bestpizzabuts.org.
Don't go to pizzabutts.org.
Their answers are unsatisfactory.
They're gonna try the rest.
Now try the best way to put pizza crust in your mouth.
Our patented technique, you can tell it's patented
because butts is with a Z.
With the spread and bend.
It's funny because I feel about Yahoo Answers
the same way you feel about that one friend you've got
where it's like, you're okay to make fun of him,
but as soon as anyone else does it-
I'll fucking bite your fingers off
so you can't internet anymore.
It's like, listen, I appreciate Yahoo Answers
on a non-ironic deep level that you will never understand.
So thanks so much for listening
to our Yahoo Answers tribute episode
of My Brother, My Brother Me.
My Brother, My Brother Me goes back.
It's a great service.
If Marissa Mayer puts her fucking fingers on it,
is that the Yahoo lady?
I don't know.
I know that I'm serious about Chris Hardwick and Midnight.
They're chomping on flavor and I'm fine with it
because it's great flavor
and I think there's enough flavor for everybody.
There is plenty of flavor.
Get a, so thank you for listening to our program.
Thank you to people who have been tweeting about it
like Church's Wife, Mbittle, Usman, Alex, Two Alexes,
Gaston Tercero, Tercero, yeah, I'm gonna go with Tercero,
Jan Villarosa at Garden, BradyBinitBugs, Emma Elaine,
13 Scarecrows, Sam Houston, Patrick B. Foss,
Josh, Kevin Locke, so many others.
We sure appreciate it.
If you wanna share a link to the show to get people started,
a great option is bit.ly forward slash mbnbam2013.
That's our new sampler for this year.
Guys, how about an apology?
Yeah, quick apology.
Very special apology to our friend and old listener Maureen
who went through the trouble of giving us money
for a MoneyZone spot that we did a pretty bad job with
with all things considered.
We really blew it.
We really blew it.
It was a happy birthday wish to Michelle,
which I guess redo, happy birthday, Michelle.
The offending, I think, portion was that she called her love
burrito and I said that was gross.
And I made fun of kale, which I feel awful about.
And you made fun of kale.
And I think that I wasn't saying that human love
between two people is gross because I just got married.
I'm obviously on that team.
I thought when you said-
I was saying, ooh, cause I was picturing a giant burrito-
That you have sex with.
Family double dare style.
Oh, oh, oh.
I was thinking of a burrito that you have sex with
and immediately the logistics of that entered my mind.
And within a split second, I thought after a month,
that burrito has got to go.
But I could understand how it could come off
as a condemnation.
So we done fucked that bit up.
So apologies to Maureen.
Happy birthday to Michelle.
We'll try to get it together.
I will not-
Michelle, we love you both.
Thank you for supporting the show.
We're sorry that we made you sad.
I will not do songs though, because I'm not a whore.
I'm not a musical whore like Linkin Park.
If you want to take a shot-
If you want to throw your hat in the ring,
if you want to spin the wheel.
Go to maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron
and get something special for somebody
or maybe mess things up.
Maybe we'll just do it really bad.
But then you'll get-
What's rarer than a Money Zone spot?
An apology.
You can't pay for that.
I don't know that we've apologized before,
except maybe to jugglers and furries.
No, we didn't even apologize to jugglers.
We stuck by those guns.
Griffin, do you want to thank John Roderick
and the Long Winters for you-
John Jondrick?
I want to thank John Jondrick and the Jondricks.
I'm Ron Jondrick.
This is my band, Dong Winters.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
You know what, Beyonc just secretly released an album.
If you guys could do that shit,
if you guys could do that shit,
it would be a legit Candlelight's Miracle.
You could release it on our show.
People would tune in,
they'd hear the disclaimer at the beginning,
and what's that?
Just an hour of Long Winters.
Hey, this disclaimer sure is going a while.
And then there's another song,
and another, and another, and another.
We're not saying that it's probably not the broadest way
to distribute your music.
But it does get us out of a week of work.
That's what I'm saying.
It does get us out of a week of work.
That is true.
We do love that.
Oh, and make sure that you check out Hulu Plus
if you haven't, I assume that you already have,
because everybody has.
But if you haven't, you can get it on your Xbox,
your iPad, your Samsung tablet, whatever,
and check out all of their awesome shows
and their original shows.
You get an extended free trial
by going to huluplus.com slash my brother.
All one word.
Check out Almost Human.
I've been jamming on it.
It's really good.
Is it good?
It is.
I was wondering about it.
I turned it on on a whim, and it's really good.
Is it?
So do a pros, cons, comparison
with Almost Human and Little Wonders go.
That's hard.
I can do it with Not Quite Human.
Nope, that's not what I wanted.
It's not what I wanted, is it?
One of the Little Wonders, didn't I?
It's not nearly as erotic.
Okay.
Oh, God.
This final Yahoo answer is sent in by Sam Grub.
Thank you, Sam.
I guess before we go, please send in
Candle Knight's questions.
Oh, yeah.
You didn't ask.
And make sure you listen to it with a loved one
who maybe has never listened to the show before.
That's your Candle Knight's present to us.
It'll be clean.
Please warn them that it's not usually.
All right.
This one is sent in by Sam Grub.
Thanks, Sam.
It's by Yahoo answer user Mandy, who asks,
what are dogs made out of?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
They're my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
This is Biz.
This is Teresa.
We host a show called One Bad Mother.
We're a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
And for some reason, we seem to be most popular
among single dudes with no kids.
Weird.
The only advice you'll get from us
is when we tell you to stop feeling like a s***
for being a mom.
Or a dad.
Or, you know, a single person with no children.
Find us on iTunes or at Maximumfun.org.
