The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your babiest brother, Griffin McElroy. Whoa, seven hours now. Seven hours straight
with nine quick time windows going simultaneously. It's Oscar watch 2015.
All movie watch is what it is.
We realized that it was time for Oscar watch, but we realized that we haven't watched
any of the Oscar contenders, so I'm simultaneously watching all of them.
I have duct taped together 45 mini televisions. I'm watching them all at the same time,
but it's starting to bleed together. JK Simmons just showed up in Selma.
Stephen Hawking and Alan Turing are fighting it out. I'm losing my mind.
Here's what worries me. I want to watch Eddie Redmayne's performance. I want to watch that
man do his acting and do it right. I want to watch Bimba Ditch Cumberbatch. I want to watch
Bimba Ditch Cumberbatch do his acting on the screen. Here's the problem. I can't look away
from Gone Girl because if I look away from Gone Girl, I might not see Ben Affleck's penis tip
side, the side of his penis tip. You got that going for you. That was my longest run on sentence
in my Bim Bam history, and I've had some goddamn long ones. You just got the Oscar.
It just happened. I fucking stopped for like a second to record the intro to this podcast,
and I missed the goddamn side of his penis tip. It's like that flower in the Dennis the Menace
movie. Remember? Yeah. It's just like Ben Affleck's penis. You remember when Mr. Wilson was waiting
to see the flower? Remember? Yeah. Well, I've got that one queued up, but the window's a little
bit smaller because I had to prioritize my movie windows, and Gone Girl got, let's call it, the
star treatment. I think this year they're giving the lifetime achievement award to the Dennis the
Menace movie. Yeah. Movies. There's several. The film series. Yeah. I feel like we're crazy behind
on all of our Oscar contenders. Well, yeah. The only one that I really saw was Selma,
and then they just went ahead and just didn't nominate that for a goddamn thing.
Yeah. And you thought you were getting out in front of it, right? I thought I was getting out.
Everybody was like, yeah, I see that movie. It'll wreck your shit, and it's going to win
all the Oscars. You're going to be like, told you so at the parties, because that's the only reason
anybody goes to these fucking things. That's the only reason people see movies. Right. I would
rather go out, and I'd rather watch a Nicholas Cage film, for instance. You know that's not
going to get nominated, but you got to watch a Nicholas Cage film every month just to get your
mind right. I would much rather be doing that. Instead, I got to go watch the goddamn imitation
games. But I do love, thank you, Oscars, for throwing in random curveballs like, oh yeah,
you can watch Selma, you can watch Theory of Everything. Also, X-Men Days of Future
Passes up in there. And you're like, what? Oh, you're so cool, Oscars. I thought it was nice
that they gave a future Oscar to Paul Blart, too. Yeah. Just Oscar for next year, Paul Blart.
Next year Oscar, they have a most promising category. It's made out of just popsicle
sticks and paste, and it just says, you wanted the best Oscars. It's most improved.
Most improved Blart. Blartiest Picture 2015. Best Blart sequel.
Best Blart editing. I thought it was a little contentious when they gave that award to Hitch
in 2008. That was Best Blart prequel. Welcome to the Osc Blarts, where we honor achievements
in Blart-related filmmaking. The Oscar for Blart design went to someone in an earlier procedure.
I looked into the soul of Blart, and I thought, how can I perfect him?
I just want to thank my Blart and my two Blarts. I couldn't have done this without my Blart. You
know who you are. The original costume design for Blart included long pants,
and I said it would be funnier if they were shorts. I'm Werner Herzog.
Right. Yeah. Again, he got shafted. Did you notice that Paul Blart didn't get any
Oscar nominations again this year? Not even Best Sound Editing.
They couldn't not give one to the dude who played Martin Luther King in Selma. Hi,
the hardest film role in the history of celluloid. Couldn't not nominate him, but also
nominate Kevin James. They can't do that because we would burn the whole world down if that happened.
He was out to play Martin Luther King and lost it at the last second.
Because he couldn't get out of the Blart 2 contract.
This is my brother and my brother May. As we said, it's an advice show.
We take your questions, turn them alchemy-like into wisdom. We are not experts per se,
but you know, we do our best and we try to have a little fun along the way.
I recently started working in a movie theater. How many is too many cardboard standees to take
home and display in my house? Now, this is a fun question because think about it.
There is, if you have one, that's funny. That's unique. Where did you get this standup of the
rock from the rundown? Well, I used to work in a movie theater. Cool. If you have 1,000 in your
home and people walk in, it looks like a shitty Madame Tussauds.
And it looks like that scene in Home Alone, where Kevin McAllister is trying to make the
Wet Bandits think that there's a huge party going on.
Except you glued the face of your ex-girlfriend onto all of them.
Onto all of them. Onto Rock's beautiful body. There's definitely a problem there if you have
1,000. So somewhere between a 1 and a 1,000, there's a number. I think it's 2.
If you have 2, you may as well have 1,000.
But if you have 1, aren't you afraid of it looking like you're just a bit,
like you got to be really picky about that one or else it looks like you're like a huge fan of
fill-in-the-blank shitty movie, you know what I mean?
Where it's like, oh, you took home a standup from Journey to the Center of the Earth to
the Fantastical Island or whatever it's called. It's like, oh, did you like that movie?
And it's like, no, it was just funny because it was just the last one I grabbed.
I do like Brendan Fraser.
He's not in that movie, sadly.
The Rock, Dwayne Johnson replaces Brendan Fraser, bringing that Dwayne Johnson heat.
Man, The Rock really stepped in for Brendan Fraser in quite a few films, huh?
Now that I think about it, between Journey 2 and The Scorpion King.
For a while, Brendan Fraser was his stunt double and then they switched and they just take turns.
They look so similar. They both clap and laugh like children seeing a rainbow.
For the first time.
I would argue that if you had a thousand, it's almost okay if you do it like this is my collect-
like this, you know, some people have like matchbooks from places they've been.
Some people have shot glasses. I collect weird cardboard standups.
My family. Let's just call it what it is, my family.
This is my cardboard family.
I remember at the movie theater that I worked at and Travis worked at for a while,
our manager who took no guff. I will say that about her.
If you had any guff, she would not receive it.
She would not sign for it.
She would not allow it.
She wouldn't let people take those standees home because there were so many people working there.
Everyone wanted that Journey 2 standee.
So she would just destroy them.
And it was very, it was very, very King Solomon.
It was a very wisdom of Solomon decision.
Like nobody can have The Rock.
You must destroy The Rock.
And it's like, I don't want to destroy The Rock.
And then she'd be like, then you get to keep them.
Then she wouldn't say that you stare her in the eye the entire time
that she was burning them to the ground.
Sometimes if you go to the movies late, you see people leaving with a giant bag of popcorn.
Oh, that was my jam.
I lived around the corner in the West Virginia building.
I lived around the corner from the movie theater I worked at.
And I would take home a giant garbage bag.
Let's call it what it is.
Cause it was a garbage bag that we'd fill with all the popcorn.
I feel like I've talked about this on this show before.
It's very contextual, isn't it?
Like if you take that bag, does it choose your adventure?
If you take that bag to the trash, it was a trash bag the whole time.
You were throwing away all popcorn.
If you take that to your apartment, you're suddenly a popcorn Santa Claus.
Right.
And I very much was.
Yeah, it was a conveyance.
It was not a trash bag.
We would find fun ways to elevate the flavor of our garbage corn.
Like splooching out an entire bottle of Nutella in there, shaking it all up.
And all of a sudden you've got a fun cocoa mess.
Oh, by the way, we were also a super duper, super duper, duper, triple mega, super duper high.
It's also great because it doubles as a snack bag and also a bean bag.
A bean bag.
You eat your chocolate mess out from under between your legs.
But it's not an issue.
You're on the ground.
You ate too much.
Why are you so high?
Holy shit.
You're failing college.
You lost two scholarships, Griffin.
Past Griffin.
Two of them.
You don't need either of those scholarships, huh?
Okay.
Enjoy yourself.
When you worked at Blockbuster, you would get to like take home posters, right?
I mean, I wouldn't, but I could.
Among other things.
Yeah, among other items.
At all.
How many posters would you say it's okay?
Because I think they take up less room.
You could hypothetically put them on walls.
Like, are posters a better alternative to cardboard standups?
I mean, spatially speaking, in the spatial like material.
Yeah, that's like in the third dimension.
That's like how space works.
Yeah, I think that they're there.
But then it's like that whole thing.
No one's ever, the problem with posters is no one's ever actually hung up a poster.
Every poster in the world is just rolled up with a rubber band around it, leaning against a wall.
With a poster that says to do.
To do.
To hang this up.
And you look at it every day for years, in my case, for some posters.
I'm gonna put that up as a pet detective.
Someday.
Someday.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Of course.
This Yahoo was sent in by Andrea Ortu.
Thank you.
Ooh.
No, it's just one in, it's O-R-T-U is the last name.
I realized saying that out loud, phonetically.
One or two Andreas sent this in.
Thank you, Andrea.
It's the suspended user.
They don't exist anymore.
They died.
Oh no.
This dead person asked, should they include animals in the Academy Awards?
Ooh.
Why aren't they nominating dogs, cats, birds, or horses actors that have been in movies?
I think they should add animals in the Academy Award.
I know some that act better than some of these so-called human actors.
So wait, by so-called human actors, is the shitty quotation marks there going,
is the sark mark going on actors or human?
Human.
This supposedly human Bradley Cooper.
Ugh, Salarian.
Can I tell you, Griffin?
Yep.
I kinda see where they're coming from.
Yeah, for sure.
Okay.
I wasn't sure where we were all gonna land on that.
No, I think absolutely.
The best performance I saw in 1993 wasn't Shawshank, wasn't Shawshank.
I'm sorry.
There are a lot of good performances in there.
Nothing quite as great as Dunstan.
Well, I'm sorry.
We give them to animated and they're not even real.
And they're not even real.
Yeah.
And a lot of those animated feature films feature exclusively animals.
Yeah.
Like Cat Story.
The Chihuahua from Beverly Hills Chihuahua died to bring you that movie.
Separate Chihuahuas.
They sneak that in in the closing credits very quickly where it's like,
oh, like three or four Chihuahuas died making this.
Sorry.
George Lopez has to strangle a Chihuahua just to get it going in the morning.
Really looking forward to getting that Oscar to make it all worth it.
Right.
What's that?
The In Memoriam section, if they allowed animals in,
the In Memoriam section of the Oscars,
any year that a Beverly Hills Chihuahua movie came out,
would be extremely, extremely long.
It would be Mr.
Snuggleworth died, of course, at the hands of George Lopez.
This is really Chihuahua heavy again.
Yeah.
Well, we got-
After a while, they don't even give them names.
No.
It's just like CH1734.
This Chihuahua is bred specifically to be killed.
Go to YGeorgeY.
Until the Chihuahua like Messiah appears and he's finally able to
stop George Lopez.
George Lopez, let my people go from the net.
Because you're choking them.
You're choking them to death.
George G.
Lo, stop it.
I'm just saying, I think it was, yeah, in Cincinnati,
the local theater awards started giving out awards for best
animal performance in a year.
And it was a hotly contested category.
I'm saying there was a lot of heat being brought to it.
My boy Mignon at Cincinnati Shakespeare Company took it and
he deserved it.
And I don't care what the haters say.
What type of animal is that?
He was a little poodle and he was adorable.
Okay.
He was a solid actor with really great comic timing.
Let's talk about the issues though that are going to pop up
from Animal Academy Awards.
Any year with a Dunstan in it or a monkey trouble or any which
way but loose, I think a monkey is going to just like fucking
run the table.
A monkey is the biopic of animals.
Where it's like, oh, it's going to be so much easier to vote
for that because it's a real person.
Just like it's so much easier to vote for a monkey because
I'm saying, right.
They make a heart rending biopic of like, right?
And it's incredible.
It's really good.
Bimba to Cumberbatch will probably be up in that one too.
But then they make Dunstan checks in again.
And I think Dunstan continues to check in.
Right.
I'm saying any time there's a monkey in the mix.
Duncan has a credit card trouble and has to check in again.
Right.
It's going to be Air Bud 19.
Okay.
Yeah, it would have been a serious contender if it hadn't
been for Dunstan won't stop checking into this goddamn
hotel.
Please ask Dunstan to start checking in.
Starring a bedraggled Jason Alexander.
He's honestly just glad for the work.
Right.
Now, what if he can say he wants something he can put on his
CV where he says he was in an Oscar award winning film.
Thanks, Dunstan.
Now, what if you did like an all puppy godfather?
Is that too pandering?
It would be great.
Except the lawyer or whatever is going to be played by a
monkey, of course.
And he's going to steal the spotlight.
I'm saying it's going to be unfair.
We would almost need a best monkey acting category and then
best all other animals.
I will say if there could be a scene of a monkey lawyer giving
advice to a puppy mobster, they might as well just have all
the Oscars.
Yeah, just take them all.
Have all the Oscars.
His George Clooney's Lifetime Achievement Award, whatever.
Sandwich between two monkey awards.
Yeah, that's the Oscar sandwich.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They were suspended too.
Jesus Christ.
There was a great culling of the Yahoo Answers user base.
Is Nickelodeon named after Nick Cannon?
Settling a bet here.
That's a cool bet.
Just a question to settle a bet between an idiot and an
intelligent person.
Which one are you?
Before I collect my cash, I just wanted to post this question
so the loser realizes how idiotic he looks.
Thanks.
And first round's on me.
Update.
Easiest money ever made.
So I guess they're saying they were on the non Nick Cannon
creationist belief set.
Now hold on.
I think we've all been in a position where we've drank a
little bit too much.
We said a thing and then someone called us on it and we
just instead of going, oh yeah, you're right.
I'm an idiot.
We just like dug our teeth in and we're like, no, you know
what?
This is the battleground I choose for the evening.
So I think this is actually going to make this question in
the discussion around a lot more interesting is not a lot
of people know this.
Nick Cannon is not his actual name because that's like a
crazy name.
His real actual Christian name is Nick Cannon Lodeon.
I'm not even sure that's true.
It's I'm looking at his IMDB page right now and it's Nick
Cannon Lodeon.
And when him and Mariah Carey together, it was Mariah Carey
Cannon Lodeon.
So Nickelodeon was founded.
What?
And like 1983.
Did you just look that up?
No, I would say maybe late eighties.
Okay.
That's incorrect.
Can I say you guys, if before you guys said 83, I would have
guessed so much earlier.
Just not thinking about it.
Just thinking like TV stations have been around for a while.
I don't know.
71, 62.
You could have told me any of these and I would have
believed it.
Okay.
79.
Jesus Christ.
Really?
As Nickelodeon.
And originally the network was called Pinwheel and it launched
in 77.
And then Nick Cannon Lodeon came around and they're like, hey,
that's a cool name.
Let's call our station Nick Cannon Lodeon.
And somebody was like, you know what that sounds like?
Doesn't sound like anything.
It's a crazy, crazy name.
Is it possible that they foresaw the coming of the once in
future King Nick Cannon Lodeon?
There will be born unto us.
There will be much wilden out.
What would you do when Nick Cannon Lodeon comes?
I have glanced into the obsidian sphere and a vision has
come to me of so much wilden.
The anti Nick Cannon Lodeon will say you can't do that on
television.
You must not wild.
Wilding is prohibited.
Sorry.
Wilden.
And we will welcome all the wild crazy kids to our bosom.
Holy shit.
It goes so deep.
Brothers and sisters climb that radical rock.
Guided by the Cannon Lodeon and his brilliance.
Wait at the pearly gates as Moe checks the leaderboard.
I can't.
Do not believe in false Moes.
I never even considered wild and crazy kids as the goddamn
natural predecessor to wilden out.
The kids are grown up.
And now we turn to the chapter of Clarissa so that she might
explain it all.
Clarissa was a prophet.
And I will send her before me and her friend Sam with his
latter.
Cast out the Ferguson's from our flock.
You shall you shall know them from their crimson mane and
many freckles.
Take the most precious of your flock and make a sacrifice of
them at the shrine of the silver monkey.
Oh, man.
Oh, Jesus.
Nope.
Not him.
Nope.
Sorry wrong guy.
Nick Cannon Lodeon.
There is no Jesus.
There's only the tomorrow people.
There are Lord and saviors.
Well, that's enough.
It probably Michael Malley, right?
That's yeah.
Who would be the head of the Nick Cannon Lodeon?
So Nick Cannon Lodeon, Nick Cannon Lodeon would be the
deity, right?
Well, Mark Summers, I think probably lost his way a little
bit.
Oh, I think he's probably been excommunicated.
And that's why he's now now he lives on the Food Network
trying to raise basically what is a cult.
I was once in a pub for a meetup and I ordered a
cheeseburger.
The server brought me a salmon burger instead and I just ate
it instead of protesting as I felt too awkward in the moment.
I actually thought I might have just forgot what I ordered
about 20 minutes later.
I see the same server walking around the room with a
cheeseburger looking confused later that evening.
They must have figured out the screw up and approached me
demanding that I pay for both meals.
I ordered one meal and I ate one meal.
Sir refused to pay for both and was told to leave.
What the fuck?
Was I in the right or at least less in the wrong than the
pub?
And do you think it is safe to go back now?
That's from Gmail.
I would never go back again.
No, it sounds like a terrible place.
It sounds like it's crazy.
Come on down to Toby's double burger.
We're going to fuck up.
But you've got to pay for both because that's how we do now.
Okay, before we get too into it, I will say to not to put you
completely in the right.
You probably should have said something when your burger came
from not only a different animal, but a completely different
like that a version to confrontation is pathological
enough that they probably suspected something nefarious
was great in addition to that.
Wait a minute.
So he just did it.
He just ate it.
That doesn't make any sense.
He didn't say anything.
He literally you literally ate the opposite me.
It's the opposite me.
Here's the spectrum of meat and beef is on one end and
salmon's on the other.
There's no how goddamn delicious must that salmon burger
have been that it completely removed you from your senses.
Also question asker in the future.
Don't convince yourself that maybe this is what I ordered.
That's very sad to me.
The scam they're running.
That's a psychic scam.
They're running on themselves.
They took one bite of that.
The first thought was this isn't what I ordered.
And then it was so succulent.
They thought, well, I'm salmon.
Maybe I did the beef of the sea.
Knowing me, I always pick the best thing at a restaurant.
I'm sure I've ordered this.
Okay.
Now to jump back to the restaurant being the worst,
the sheer balls of the restaurant to say like,
hey, we brought you the wrong thing, but fuck you.
But you shouldn't.
Okay.
I got to say my position's changing a little bit because
you should not have eaten that burger, sir.
Yeah.
But he didn't walk up to the counter and grab it and say,
this is probably mine.
It was handed to him.
But okay.
But to Griffin's point, he should think about the onion a little bit.
He got the wrong thing, ate it, and then carried his trash around
the restaurant and didn't even give her a flag down.
I think that maybe as a result of his carelessness,
they did waste a meal.
Okay, Toby's Double Burger is not made of burgers.
They serve them, but the building itself needs money
and concrete, but to put it in a different context, right?
Say he orders a cheeseburger, right?
They bring out a burger, no cheese.
Hey Travis, that is the biggest false equivalent.
We've had some doozers in the false equivalence category on this show.
That's the biggest one.
Yeah.
It's like a cheeseburger, but without cheese or meat.
And also fish is in it.
No, I'm just saying that like the idea of like,
where does it end?
Cause they bring out that burger and then they bring out another burger
and it's like, oh, that one was supposed to be mine,
but they brought me this one.
They're not going to ask for your money in that way.
Is it just because it was the complete wrong protein
that it's like, oh, you fucked up so bad?
If these motherfuckers brought him a basket of boneless chicken wings
instead of his burger and he eats all the chicken wings and said,
oops, didn't even realize it's a whole different food kingdom,
but those are free now because they're in me.
That's kind of busted, I think.
All you had to say is, what chicken wings?
And a perfect crime.
Prove it.
Well, you're a sloppy boy.
You're a sloppy boy.
You got burn mouth.
What face?
Yep, sorry.
Sorry guys.
I'm about as consumer friendly as a fellow gets.
I'm a pretty big consumer advocate.
Don't eat the whole goddamn wrong burger
cause that was somebody else's burger.
You did the savory is what you did.
Yeah, it should have been at most one bite.
Were you like, pardon?
Or no bites because nobody's going to eat.
They're going to throw that burger away if you take a bite out of it.
That's straight up what it is.
You can't take that off your table and give it to somebody else.
That's no.
That's how trash people live.
The real villain in this situation is whoever you are with.
Salmon.
Salmon.
But it's whoever you are with because it's their job to say,
excuse me, my friend ordered a cheeseburger.
Cause they have to know that you were like so averse to confrontation
that you would eat wrong food.
It's like, hey, I need you to say something because I cannot.
Oh my God, wait, wait.
Did this person just follow our advice from like,
it was either last episode or a couple episodes ago
where we said, if they bring you the wrong food,
you should just eat it because you want to avoid the discomfort.
Wait a minute.
Going back on something we said, cause it was wrong.
That doesn't sound like us.
I didn't even consider the possibility that maybe
it's somebody else's food and you just stole it from them.
I want to double, triple, double back on this again
and say that I've switched culpability in my mind
from this person to the restaurant
for offering something called a salmon burger.
No, it's not.
It's salmon on bread.
Fuck you.
A burger has beef and maybe ground turkey.
I would hit you up there.
A salmon burger is not a thing.
That's like a wish broom.
Like it doesn't make any sense.
What?
You know, like a wish broom.
Like, okay, for what?
Those two things don't go together.
For sleeping out the old wishes.
It's a dog.
It's a dog tank.
It's a tank that your dog lives in.
These are, they're banana glasses.
Glasses for a banana.
Why would you even give a banana glass?
That doesn't make any sense.
That's about as stupid as a salmon burger.
Yeah.
Ugh.
Yeah.
Makes you mad.
Anyway, let's get the money soon.
This week, sponsored by salmon burgers.
Have you always wanted to build an iPhone app?
Yes.
Is your idea the next Instagram or Snapchat?
I like to think so.
Yes.
Do you want to learn Swift by Apple?
Yes.
One month iOS is an easy way to learn iOS development using Swift.
Now let's say that maybe a listener doesn't know what any of that means.
And you are going to explain to them.
Not you.
No, definitely not me.
I'm a well-versed adult who definitely knows what Swift is.
Yes.
Swift is how you make apps.
Okay.
And one month is a, it's a new way of learning actual practical computer skills
like programming in Swift.
They also have one month HTML, one month rails, one month growth hacking.
Now, surely this is going to take like just like a year, right?
Like you go to college to learn a thing.
What's wrong?
It's literally called one month.
I thought that was a clever name.
30, 30 days, 30 days, 30 minutes per day, sometimes less.
And you could just become fluid in an actual life skill.
I did the one month HTML class and it was great.
I made a great website.
Is it justinmaccroy.net?
You could just Google.
Justin made Google.
Google Junior for kids.
They don't sell hover chairs like I'm sitting into just anybody,
except I'm the founder of Google.
Except if you are the founder of teen Google,
you can sit in whatever kind of chair you want.
Hey teens, good news.
There's finally a Google for you.
It's all boobs, not Justin.
Travis, it would be, it would just be page after page explaining how to smoke.
Now Justin, say I'm interested in joining,
but I'm a little hesitant about paying full price the first time out.
Is there anything you can do for me?
Uh, yes, Travis, if you use our special coupon code,
which is my brother.
Not so much a coupon code.
It's not a coupon code so much as I was trying to see if teengoogle.com is available.
Go to onemonth.com slash my brother.
Onemonth.com slash my brother,
and you're going to get 25% off for getting up in it.
It's a one-time discount.
You can get it at onemonth.com slash my brother.
That's a, please just go get a life skill.
It's a great website, great service, Justin.
I do need to know if Teen Google is taken,
and if you're going to buy it, and if it's going to read it.
And if it's a weird porn site.
Excuse me, time out.
I just bought Teen Google.
It's the best one yet.
It's the best day of my life.
We're going to be rich.
I can't believe this.
Oh man, we are going to make that,
we are going to make that redirect to the Moo Boom Bam website for a long time
until Google buys it from you for $55 million.
We'll be rich.
Oh my god, it's so worth it.
How much was it?
Cancel the show.
I can't, I can't even deal with this show anymore.
No, we're the owners of Teen Google, we're rich.
How's the owner of Teen Google
supposed to, supposed to worry about making a comedy podcast?
We have another sponsor this week,
and maybe you'll recognize the name,
and maybe you'll respect the game of Nature Box.
NatureBox.com, where you can get delicious and healthy snack options.
They have over 100 nutritionist approved snacks.
They got something for everyone, all with zero artificial flavors,
colors, sweeteners, zero grams trans fats,
and no high fructose corn syrup.
Here's the thing.
Sometimes you eat healthy snacks and you're like,
oh, yeah, it's healthy.
I'm going to power my way through it, I guess,
because it's better than nothing.
Nah, dude, nah.
Nah, dude.
Nah, nah, dude.
You're listening to a Teen Google version of my bim bam.
Extreme Teen Google.
Justin, quick.
Have you tried Teen Google?
Well, it's time for Extreme Teen Google.
I feel like in another browser window,
I'm winning the lot, like I'm in the process of winning the lottery.
I can't even focus on this show right now.
I'm the owner of Teen Google.
I'm doing jokes about ghosts and boners and shit
when I'm the web domain raster of Teen Google.
I can do anything with that URL.
That's where the fucking music is,
and you are all here for it to witness it.
Do we need to pause the podcast so you can call Sydney
and tell her about the amazing reversal of fortune you've experienced?
I was sobbing, like, you'll never guess.
It's all happened.
You'll never guess, in six months,
we're going to be in a protracted legal battle with Google.
It's all we ever dreamed.
It's everything we ever wanted.
We're gonna get taken to the cleaners by Google.
Oh, Christ.
Okay, so it's time for you to try NatureBox for free.
For free.
Maybe you don't own Teen Google.
Maybe you can't afford a free box this time.
We get it.
Not everyone's the owner of Teen Google.
Just go to naturebox.com slash my brother,
and even non-Teen Google owners like you can try free snacks.
Normies is what we call them.
Just go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Now, peasant.
Brothers, please go to teengoogle.com.
Oh, Christ, it looks good.
Yeah, and there it is.
It looks good in the search bar.
That's a good looking URL.
It looks exactly like what it is.
What I need to do is I need, the problem is,
I need to, I need to turn on masking.
I need stealth redirection.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, what's the list so far?
We got My Smooth Face, Teen Google, of course.
I feel like you bought one very recently.
Let me see what I have.
It's bad that you, I think you have a compulsion
because you own too many.
I have booboo nanny.com.
Booboo nanny.com.
These all, these largely go to my brother, my brother and me.
Booboo nanny.com, fartpatrol.com,
griffinspacejam.com is a different website
that we also own, but griffinspacejam.com,
mysmoothface.com, and now welcome to the family.
To the my brother, my brother and me family of products.
If anybody ever says the words mbmbam.com to me again,
I will spit in their face.
It's not a website.
That website does not even exist anymore.
There is only teengoogle.com.
We have a sponsor right here and it is Talking to Ghosts,
which is a podcast done by Wesley Mueller and Michael Kurt,
which is quote,
the manifestation of their fascination with the dark arts,
which makes it sound like a podcast for necromancers exclusively,
but really it gets into the creative minds of artists, musicians,
and other dark souls, my favorite gaming franchise,
to see how they work and share fun stories about the oddities of life.
It's a podcast that comes out on Mondays.
You can find it on iTunes.
If you go to talkingtoghosts.com slash mbmbam,
you will find a landing page specifically tailored for my bim bam fans,
and it includes a lovely graphic of a horse flying around in space.
You can also just type talkingtoghosts.com into teengoogle
and it'll take you there.
It'll take you there.
It'll be a more rad, more extreme version of Talking to Ghosts.
So yeah, go check out their podcast, go to their website.
They have a bi-weekly feature in which the host of the show
talk about sweet music that they like listening to.
Sweet music that they like listening to.
So yeah, it covers all your bases.
If you like music, if you like art, if you like podcasts,
or if you like the Dark Souls video games.
It's got everything.
It's got just about everything.
Got a message for Lindsay and Tom from Jace.
Says, hey, you two.
This may or may not reach you before your ceremony,
but I miss you guys.
And I miss Luigi and his horrible dog toots.
I wish I could be there.
He is Lindsay's little brother.
I wish I could be there for your second special day,
but since I can't drive safe, don't forget to berg it up.
All my love from the frozen north, Jace.
I just have to say ceremony is a very nonspecific,
a very nonspecific thing to congratulate a person on.
Wish I could be there before your sacrificial murder of Lindsay.
But at the shrine of the silver monkey.
Congratulations, Lindsay and Tom, for becoming fucking pagan elders or something.
Whatever it is, I'm sure you worked hard to accomplish it.
And Jace certainly recognizes that effort.
And just a great job all around.
Just make sure you wear the appropriate garb for whatever this-
Which is cargo shorts, khaki cargo shorts.
Under a robe.
And make sure you got those-
Make sure that says something funny that you ripped the robe open at the end.
You're just like, I'm out, teach.
Make sure you get the skateboard out of there.
It's a picture of Spud McKenzie.
Make sure you have at least two medallions of power,
or else those goddamn temple guards are gonna fuck you right up.
And don't forget to validate your parking.
Yeah, it's super important.
Do you think it's okay to finish someone else's food?
Do you have a fight with your friend over whether or not
he should wear his Philly's garb to a Colorado Rockies game?
Does your wife want to keep a chamber pot in her art studio?
If so, please do not write in to Judge John Hodgman.
I heard all those cases already.
Judge John Hodgman is the show where I, John Hodgman,
adjudicate disputes between real people calling in over the internet
and I tell them who is right and who is wrong over such important issues
as is a machine gun a robot?
And is it okay to go through the garbage at the Canadian House of Pizza and Garbage?
Bailiff Jesse Thorne rounds out the cast for a fun-filled podcast
of judgment and justice.
Kind of two of the same thing, actually.
Judge John Hodgman, take a listen if you do not mind.
I order it.
Come visit the courtroom.
It is open to all and located at MaximumFun.org.
Farm wisdom.
Farm wisdom.
Put your scarecrow in a barrel.
Farm wisdom.
To scare away the barrel crows.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Do you want me to read the farm wisdom?
Yes, please.
Okay, because the last one I did like hurt me.
No, this one will make you feel good about life.
Okay, farm wisdom.
Donkeys definitely hate dogs, but thoroughbreds, racehorses, love goats.
Another false equivalency here on my brother, my brother, me.
It is common practice to pair a goat with a skittish racehorse.
It calms them down and they usually form lifelong friendships.
And that's from Jesse.
Here's the thing, you're gonna have-
Jesse Disney.
How is this not every Disney movie ever made?
Well, how is this not every anime-
Like Milo and Otis, I should say those two words
and I should not have a cat and a pug enter my brain.
It should definitely, definitely be a goat and a skittish racehorse.
Well, goats are hard to market.
Name me one film that prominently features a goat as the star of it.
Adam Sandler record had a pretty great bit
where this funny goat, remember what they superimposed?
They have the funny goat bit from Adam Sandler's
What the Hell Happened to Me comedy CD and album.
NLP.
Classic Disney movie.
No, it's not Disney movie.
Yeah, goats just aren't very sexy guys, sorry.
They're like little horned horses with beards.
I guess that's probably what makes the horse chill out
is just by comparison, by comparing themselves to this little mutant.
Okay, let me pitch this to you.
You ready?
Close your eyes.
No, I need to look.
It's the day of the big race, right?
Oh, there's the shot.
The horses go.
Okay, but our hero horse, he's losing.
He's way behind.
It's like he's getting really downhearted, right?
But then he looks over and there at the fence is his goat buddy
who just nods to him and starts running along beside him.
And then they start picking up speed and then the horse goes and he wins.
And then he's getting like his ring of like flowers.
And he's like, I couldn't have done it without my goat buddy.
But goat buddy died like two weeks earlier and he was watching a ghost.
A goatst.
A goatst.
That's bad.
It's not good.
Well, I mean, we'd have to punch it up with some dialogue
and maybe like Jeff Bridges.
Yeah.
Can we get that?
Who's the guy who played goat man on Saturday Night Live?
James Brewer.
Was it James Brewer or Jay Brewer?
I believe it was Sir James Brewer.
Sir.
Night of the realm, James Brewer.
Do you think we could get him on the horn?
He's pretty busy defending England, but we could probably get him for the project.
He was the probably the best knight in Half Baked.
Uh huh.
If you think about it.
Wait, what?
He was probably the best knight in Half Baked.
Were there multiple?
Other than Sir James Brewer, defender of the realm?
Probably not.
How many of you needed Half Baked, Griffin?
Jesus.
Yeah.
How many knights do you think they needed to make Half Baked?
And then the call went out across the land.
Knights return to defend your mother country.
Do you guys want a yahoo?
Yes.
You know it.
This yahoo was sent in by, oh, oh, oops.
Game recognized game, Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel Sperling.
Almost forgot to recognize that game.
Take a moment.
Yeah, I almost breezed right by it.
That would have been a crime.
It's by yahoo answers user, Brooklyn, who asks,
what to do with old best friend necklaces.
So I'm 15 now, and my ex best friend and I haven't been talking for about a year and a half now, I guess.
I was going through some stuff and found all these old BFF necklaces.
I want to get rid of them.
We cannot be best friends again, so I will not wear them again.
That's not even an option.
It just kind of seems like a waste to get rid of them.
Surely I can use at least the chains for something.
Any ideas? Should I just throw them away in this economy?
Cash for gold.
Cash for gold.
Probably not gold.
These are probably $14 necklaces they got at Spencer's gifts.
So you're saying like the purest silver?
Uh, no, probably like the purest tin.
Okay.
Maybe you could try selling them at teengoogle.com.
That's a market place.
Is there a shopping page?
Is there a shopping hub?
Google has everything.
Okay.
If you click on it, there's definitely a place that says shopping.
If you click on it, it's just a picture of a guy in a hard hat, like, oh, boss, come back later.
I think they're going to have some really nice shopping options.
Yeah, Justin's got a fleet of developers quickly coding using their one month by Swift skills.
To make a lot of shopping options.
Did Swift?
Just shoptions.
Shoptions at teengoogle.com.
Um, can you sell them to lonely people who then when they put it on,
who then when they put it on contractually will become best friends with the other person.
Oh, so like a best friend transfer.
Yeah, that's yeah, exactly.
I actually have on the back of my driver's license that when I die, I want to be a best friend donor.
Yeah, all of your best friend necklaces will be taken and distributed.
That is that is no light promise that I have at this point in my 31 years.
I have 163 best friend necklaces.
I wear all of them.
Holy shit.
How did you accrue so many biffs?
Well, Griffin, I listen.
I listen and I care.
That's categorically untrue.
I listen.
I care.
I don't.
I don't talk over people.
No, no, no.
I remember the caring things.
I'll give you caring.
I'll seed caring to you.
I give the best necklaces to a bunch of strangers and then ask your friend to give her necklaces
to a bunch of lonely strangers.
Match.com.
And then match.com, lo-fi match.com, the hunt is on.
You got to find your match.
Oh, my God.
And it's like the fucking it's the fucking missing piece.
Somebody walks up, see somebody with half a heart on their chest.
Like, let's put them together.
Bet Fritz.
No, not quite.
But I don't I don't want to be.
How many necklaces this person had they say they had?
It just says all those.
So more than one.
That's like that's got to be a weird dynamic, right?
Guess what I got.
Yeah, I know.
I know what you got, Darlene.
Let me guess.
Is it a best friend?
It's a best friend necklace.
All right, Darlene.
That's why they stop being best friends.
Yeah, you can't.
I'm sick of all this necklace pressure.
Quit asking me for money to pay for my half of the necklace.
I think it's I think it's kind of bullshit to just throw them away because then your
ex best friend is going to be best friends with garbage.
Yeah, and maybe that's actually a statement that you want to send.
Like, man, Darla, Darla, you seem like you've been down in the dumps today.
Yeah, I just feel like I'm best friends with garbage now.
Hold on.
Never mind.
That's a sweet necklace.
What sort of special somebody has the other half of that?
Let me see garbage.
Let me rub it.
Garbage has me rub it.
Kiss it.
Hold it to my third eye.
Let's say garbage.
Is there a market?
Is there a product we could create that's like a casual acquaintance necklace where
instead of like a broken heart, it's just like a circle that's split straight down the
center, no jagged edge and just says, Kaz, you will acquaintance.
And yeah, you just give it to everybody.
I feel like you're going to get it's a way bigger market because more people will be
like, oh, I feel that way about a lot of people.
Yeah, I'll take like 30 of them.
Just hand them out, hand them out with your best friends, forever necklace people.
They weren't looking for the ups.
Yeah, here's a business card and here's a necklace that says Kaz, I can't.
It's a really great necklace.
If you hold it to your third eye, we can speak to each other.
It's basically the goddamn Palantir.
So I think you're really going to like it.
Oh, and my business card, did you get that?
It's got my email address on it.
I don't take a lot of emails or texts or calls.
Mostly just Palantir, like direct third eye communication.
And please don't lose that business card.
Those are expensive.
Those are expensive.
And the Palantir.
Those don't come free.
And the Palantir contains a fraction of the devil's souls.
Don't lose that one either.
Yeah, that's a cost to me, too.
How about one more question?
Yeah, I got one more question.
Let me just check it real quick.
This question comes to us.
Oh, God damn it.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Breaking this just it.
Hold on.
Can we have farm wisdom and haunted doll watch in the same?
Haunted farm watch.
This one costs $300.
Christ on a bike.
If you want to buy it now, $300 if you want to buy it now.
No bids as of yet on this one.
Re-list authentic haunted doll.
Ruth, healing spirit, and then in quotes,
antique collection.
Well, all of them are right.
I don't imagine anybody went to the Build-A-Bear factory
and got one on Tuesday and it was already haunted by Thursday.
I imagine most of these are aged.
Now, I try not to poke holes in these,
but it strikes me as a little bit fishy.
If this is a healing, you shouldn't go holes in them
because they're trapping a demon spirit.
So they probably want to keep those enclosed.
If it's a healing spirit, why would you be trying to get rid of it?
Yeah.
Well, let me hip you to this story.
This doll houses an old soul and is a special and unique offering.
This doll is antique and was given to Michelle
by her mother many years ago.
Michelle's mother, 14th birthday present.
Michelle's mother was a gifted medium
who possessed similar talents to Michelle.
Who's Michelle, you may ask?
I don't know.
Michelle Tanner.
Ruth has lived inside this doll for well over 100 years.
She passed away in the early 1900s.
She froze to death after becoming lost on her travels.
Ruth was 17 and about to marry, it says here.
So I don't know.
How do you know so much?
Doll is fucking 100 years old, at least.
That's worth more than $300 right there.
Ruth is a very active and present spirit.
That's, you know, that's so important.
You got to lean in.
Yeah, she gets out there, she meets people.
Hey, I want to party tonight.
Ruth, I can't, I'm 14.
You're made of alabaster.
Get me out there.
I want to meet people.
Oh, Jesus.
She manip-
Ruth is very active and present spirit.
She manipulates her doll very well.
Her eyes have rapidly twitched and switched direction.
She appears cross-eyed at times.
Her mouth seems to change shape, which is alarming.
Well, wait, hold on.
I had a Teddy Ruxpin that did that.
All Teddy Ruxpins were haunted dolls.
Okay.
Ruth does move her vessel from one location to another.
I have found her on the couch once upon coming downstairs and then-
Watching Cops.
Watching Cops and eating pizza-blasted Cheetos.
Some of the greatest-
Okay, I-
Listen, I feel like I-
These fucking posts make me feel like I'm coming into a movie with 20 minutes left.
Some of the greatest orb activity I have ever seen has been a result of-
What is that?
The orbs are bright and have traveled directly from her vessel to the hallway and back into her vessel.
She has astounding control over both her energies and spirit.
And her vessel.
Spirits, vessels, energies, orbs.
Ruth has got it going on.
Parties, Saturday night, club banging.
Ruth is very curious when it comes to electronic devices as these devices were not invented
in her time while living.
What do you got there?
Looks like some sort of magic book.
It's an iPhone, Ruth.
We've been over this every fucking day.
This is a magical-
Ruth, are you ordering pizza on my Pizza Hut app again?
No, just exploring this magical piece of wood.
Ruth, no pizza.
I'm very active and hungry.
I'm reading your-
Looks like you got some little people stuck in your magic book.
It's the Avengers 2 trailer, Ruth.
I watched it yesterday with you.
You were the one who told me to watch it on YouTube, Ruth.
Tell me, can your illuminated Bible do this?
Orbs.
That's the sound she makes when she shoots orbs into the hallway.
Sucks them back.
Extremely taxing.
$300, I think you're getting a lot of bang for your buck with this one.
With Ruth?
Yeah.
It sounds like she does a lot of shit.
So the reason to get rid of a spirit that could heal you is she's just too active to
keep up with that lifetime.
I'm sick of all these goddamn orbs.
She has caused moderate headaches and pressure-related symptoms.
Pretty shitty healing doll, I would say.
Interesting.
This whole paragraph's bold, guys, so it's important.
And true.
Oh, goddammit.
I just looked at that picture.
Yeah, sorry.
She has caused moderate headaches and pressure-related symptoms during communications and psychic
work.
Interestingly, she has assisted with healing.
She has abilities to drain, as with many spirits.
Most will drain your energy.
Ruth drains pain, physical and emotional.
Oh, Jesus.
I can't look at that.
Why did you send me this, Justin?
Yeah, I don't know what this doll's healing, but it's certainly not my goddamn state of
mind.
Oh, god, bless.
Fucking haunted physician, heal thyself.
Your goddamn eyes are all marble-y.
Got the cataracts, Ruth.
So that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you for listening to my brother, my brother, and me again.
We sure appreciate it, and we hope you've had some fun.
Right?
Yeah, I did, until I looked at that fucking picture.
Yeah, and it's seared into my brain.
I want to throw back real quick.
Thanks again to naturebox.com, where you can get your free sampler box of great-tasting,
wholesome snacks like barbecue kettle kernels.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother, and we're gonna get you those free fucking snacks.
You should already be doing it as we speak.
Yep.
This is our 240th episode, I guess.
Almost 420, isn't it?
Almost 420.
Almost 420.
There's 239 more of these at teengoogle.com.
So go there, and while you're there, check out some other Maximum Fun shows, like Jordan
and Jesse Go, or The Goose Down, or One Bad Mother, or Baby Geniuses.
Travis produces that.
You should listen to that.
Listen to whatever you want.
Sawbones, that's a show I do with my wife about medicine.
Thanks.
You should check out Bunker Buddies.
It's a show I do with Andy, where we talk about apocalypses from a comedic bent.
Or check out Adventure Zone, which I hope we'll be able to get up this week.
Here's the situation, Adventure Zone fans.
Dad lives 45 minutes away from Justin.
30 to 45, depending on the traffic.
And right now, there's the goddamn ice wall from Game of Thrones in between the two of
them, so if Dad can find a way to scale that, then we'll have an episode this week.
If not, we may have to drop back and punt.
Yeah, we'll figure it out.
Something.
We'll figure out something.
Did you thank John Rodgers with the long winners for the use of the theme song?
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed?
No, didn't do that.
But you just did, because I mentalist-ed you.
There are still a few tickets available for the Chicago and Milwaukee shows.
Not very many for that Milwaukee one, last time I checked.
Yeah.
So get on that.
It's bit.ly forward slash mbnbamchicago and bit.ly.
Bit.johnlway.
Bit.johnlway.
Bit.ly forward slash, I think it's mbnbamil.
Those URLs are so confusing, you can just pop those into Team Google and it'll auto-populate
the rest.
If you want to have a message on My Brother, My Brother, and Me, or the Adventure Zone
now, we also started doing Jumbotrons for that.
Go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
It's a great way to wish someone happy birthday, or happy wedding, or happy non-specific ceremony.
It's terrific.
Or we can pimp your product and push your podcast, or talk about your website, or whatever
you want.
We'll dance for you.
Yeah.
We will be your haunted dolls.
You got a last question, Griffin?
This final Yahoo Answer was sent in by Level 9000 Yajushaman Drew Davenport.
Shoot, that was close.
I was about to say.
We almost went a whole episode.
I know.
Drew Davenport, thank you so much.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Tracer, who asks, what does Ja Rule think about all this?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
See you Google.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, everyone.
We're The Flophouse, one of the newest additions to the Maximum Fun Podcasting Network.
I'm Dan McCoy.
I'm Stuart Wellington.
And I'm Elliot Kalin.
What is The Flophouse, you may very well ask?
We watch a bad movie, and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast?
Isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying, one, we've been doing this show for over seven years, long
before the entire premise of our show was a cliche.
And two, shut up.
Sick bird.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast.
A podcast about words that sound like other words.
A podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one.
A podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends just hanging out and talking about
ding dongs.
That's mostly used to.
Wait, what?
So if you like any of those things, subscribe in iTunes today or visit Maximumfun.org to
follow the show.
The Flophouse.
