The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
My boss at work has an odd way to say a passing hello, and it's confusing me.
Walk by me and say, what do you think? But not asking about anything in particular.
This happens a few times a day, and I don't know how to respond. What kind of things should I say?
Should I come up with a standard response, or should I mix it up a little bit?
Help me, brothers.
There's literally so many ways to respond to this.
What do you think?
My favorite being, what do you think?
Just turn the mirror up to nature and make him go, that doesn't make any sense.
Exactly.
What can you do?
No, I think you've got to randomly pick an adjective that you can give to him as a response,
like, oh, pretty wet, or something like that.
I was going to say a noun, and you could just be like, potatoes.
Well, that doesn't make sense, because when-
Exactly, what do you think we're going to have for lunch?
Okay, but he would say that, I think.
No, like, what do you think? Like, someone had just, like,
maybe there's someone that always sees your boss before you that says, like,
do you guys want to go out after work? And then the boss is saying what you think about it,
but you were not part of the A part of the conversation.
Okay, and so he dips your head, and then your response to
what should we eat for lunch is potatoes.
Potatoes.
Just mash them, boil them, stick them in a stew.
You don't know.
Travis is a bore, so it's good.
Grubs?
That works, huh? Grubs?
Travis is Timon, and I'm Pumbaa, and we have a comedy podcast.
It's called Timon and Pumbaa.
And not Griffin.
And not Griffin, because he's not down with bugs.
Hey, maybe that's a good response.
What do you think?
Hakuna matata.
I love it.
You guys ever watch Slim Goodbody?
Wouldn't it be awesome just once you could see, like, an awesome dookie?
Slim Goodbody?
Yeah, like one ribald-
You're saying, like, if you could look through Slim Goodbody
and see a pit performing-
Just one episode.
Like a deleted scene somewhere where he's like,
eyes aren't a bunch of corned beef.
I got a kid fit, and then go shit.
I'm packing a solid bolus in here.
This is going to turn into a joke.
Read both at the same time.
Here we go.
This Yahoo answer was sent in-
I recently found out what-
We're not really doing this.
It was sent in by Crystal Whalen.
Thanks, Krista.
You know it's good.
That's like the Nintendo seal of quality.
It's by Yahoo answer's user, Chris, who asks,
what is the hole on the penis called?
Travis, do you-
I do know.
Do you really?
I mean, it's the urethra.
Nope.
Yeah.
Nope, nope.
Their urethra is the tube that connects the penis hole to the piss bag.
The hole in the tip of the penis-
Is the tip hole.
Is called the debt ceiling.
Is your penis not?
No, it's technically called the debt ceiling.
That's why they're always talking about raising the debt ceiling.
Right.
That's why it was such a kerfuffle and a little racy.
That's why it was such a hot button issue.
I have had control of my dreams for so long
that I'm worried if I go in willy-nilly,
the dreams are just going to run roughshod over my emotions.
Yeah, the dream lord will be like, finally, a weak point.
Finally.
Now experience all the emojis you've been holding back.
You've been holding onto these emojis in this bottle.
I've been saving them.
Experience them all.
Have sex with the teeth that fell out of your head
because you're naked at school and you forgot your lines at the play.
And you're forgotten how to run quickly
and you feel like you're moving through molasses.
And also you're flying off a cliff and you're on fire
and your parents are there and there's your grandma.
And you're trying to punch the dude,
but you can't remember how to make a fist.
You can't remember how to make a fist and your hands are bones and teeth.
And all your stuff will come in a very discreet box.
None of those big like bright red,
this box full of dildos boxes you normally get.
You'll be lucky if you can find it.
They will make it look like the rock you hide your key under.
I could have sworn I ordered something from them.
They actually, have you guys seen Looper?
What they do is they travel back in time
and they give you that dildo 20 minutes before you ordered it.
So you've all actually always had that dildo.
Only you go, what?
Wait a second.
But then you go 30 years and it's your dildo.
It was your dildo.
They closed the loop.
I closed my dildo loop.
Now close your loop.
And by loop, I mean butthole.
Close it up with this thing.
Get it in there.
At extremistrains.com.
Keep on going, Middle East.
Close your loop.
You're orgasming wrong.
I'm Dan Ackroyd, the brother of old Joseph Lloyd Leavitt.
And I'm going to close your dildo loop.
He grew up into me.
He grew up into me in an alternate future
where someone gave him a dildo.
Can you believe it?
No, neither can I.
Me neither.
I really hope people come in the future.
In the future, dildos are illegal.
So we have to put them in this machine and send them back to you.
And you can save money on them.
And you got to get rid of them.
By which I mean put them all the way up your butt
until you can't see it anymore.
That way future cops can't find it.
Griffin, are you suggesting that the reason Dan Ackroyd's head is increasing in size
is because people are using his head to store contraband future dildos?
Is that what you're saying to me right now?
And as I assume all of you want a my brother, my brother and me shout out,
just go to maximumfun.org forward slash Dumbotron.
That dude, you could join the podcast.
I can't believe that I used that word.
I can't believe that I used the same air in this room to wish those people
that said that the stars were each other's love or something
to also say that Dan Ackroyd's head is full of illegal future dildos.
Maybe smoke a little doja and then go in.
Oh, maybe get a little drunk.
Maybe you can smoke a little peaches and herb and then go in.
Yeah, I like that.
It's like office space, but instead of getting hip motized, you get a little dip.
You get ganja-tized.
I'll work on it.
I'll workshop it.
I'll come back.
Hip pot-tized?
Is that any good?
Maybe spend an hour with Man for Man's Earth band and then you roll in.
Say, hey, what's up with the word?
Where's the paper at?
Let me sign it.
We file those reports for you.
Hey, these keys are crazy, man.
We've never smoked marijuana before, so we're just guessing what it is.
Mason, that's what it's like.
You're trapped in a glass box.
It makes you talk like a very meek jazz musician.
And he's afraid of waking the baby.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Hey, no, no, no, no, no, shh, shh, shh.
Look at that computer screen.
Ooh, I'm gonna type in an email.
I think that'd be such a power play to just start being the guy in your office who always
talk like that.
Just low talk Greg and everyone's like, what?
Excuse me?
What did you say?
They would eventually, even if you had put in your two weeks notice, they would ask you
to stop coming.
I can't hear you over the laser printer.
What the fuck did you say?
I can't believe I just sent that email without a subject.
Can you believe that?
I wish they put a little, I wish they had a little guy in there.
You could just call it back.
Come on back, email.
I don't like this guy.
I don't like this guy.
I like this guy too.
Can I talk like this for the rest of my life?
Ah, shit.
The printer's broken.
Oh, what's wrong with the printer?
Let me take a look at it.
Yeah, that's broken.
Oh, you got a jam.
Just got a little jam.
We got a little toner bone going on here.
I'm gonna fix this right up.
Got a little on my shirt.
That's not like the old shirt.
Why don't you just get that screen
and just read it out loud to the whole office.
I'll get everybody to shut on down.
Hey, everybody.
Philip's gonna read this real important email
about not eating people's lunch out of the fridge.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, Philip.
As we say in the jazz world, the stage is yours.
Come on.
Go on.
Don't hold back.
Does anybody want some?
I like your rhythm.
That's a good cadence, Philip.
Anybody want some of this, Jay?
Why y'all grimacing at me?
I do want to apologize for bringing my infant son
into the office again.
Poor little...
The baby, Sarah, canceled.
So poor little Grimace had to come along with me.
Plum tuckered out.
I did name him after McDonald's.
Hey, anybody want up on this spliff tannin?
Now, what's that?
You'd prefer I not return tomorrow?
Well, that is, of course, your choice.
Well, I will hate to not live up to my contribution,
but I understand sometimes it just don't work out.
It ain't the way of the world.
And now let me sing you this song I wrote
about a situation just like this.
I know this little song just like this
about a little old caterpillar
just wants to fill up his stores with grain.
So he plays his fiddle all winter
and then the chicken comes along and tries to eat his grain.
I'll just be gone.
You're like, there's no need to call security.
It's best I go now.
Do you have a box I can put all my accoutrement?
Actually, I just have this pin.
So I'm just going to take...
Whoa, you're being a little rough, sir.
There's no need for that.
I'll find my way to the elevator.
No problem at all.
I did want to hear the end of Philip's email.
Go ahead, Philip.
Philip, you don't have to just sit there staring.
Why y'all crying?
Why is everybody crying?
Philip, maybe you could forward that to me.
I do not own a computer.
I will read it at the library.
And again, I do want to apologize to everybody
for me not wearing pants or underwear
into the office today.
I don't even believe I work here now that I look back on it.
Come to think of it, this is Denny's.
So I am sorry about this.
This thing I've been typing on, it's been a placemat.
I do understand why my employment is being terminated.
That is not a picture of my wife and kids.
That is eggs.
I work in a haunted building.
It used to be a hospital,
which has since been turned into a retirement home.
Many of the employees have encountered weird things
like whispering in the ear when they're alone
and see reflections in the glass and no one's behind them.
Even to the extreme of an employee
getting thrown against the wall, which somebody saw.
The problem is that I don't believe in any of that stuff,
but I want to.
How can I convince whatever is haunting my work
to prove they exist to me?
That's from wanting to believe in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
If you say stuff like,
I'm just one day away from retirement from hospital work.
Yes, if you say,
I hope no one eats this ghost food I laid out,
then that is a pretty sure way to get them.
Now specifically, Justin, can you,
because I know that you had a brief ghost hunter phase.
What kind of food are we talking about?
Okay, well, ghost combos.
Is that the ghost of combos or combos of combos?
So when you eat combos.
Okay, so you get a bowl, you fill it with combos.
You eat all the combos in that bowl.
But you got to make sure
that you leave the combos there long enough
for the energy to soak into the air.
Sure, the spectral residue from these combos.
How come that's not on the fucking bag of ingredients?
What if my kid's allergic to spectral combo residue?
Thanks for nothing, General Mills.
My kid's dead.
The other important thing is you have to eat them
as violently as possible to be sure to leave behind the spirit.
It's best if they have an unrequited love, too.
They need some sort of unfinished business.
One of the combos is maybe going to go to college,
you know, something like that.
Man, fuck.
How come as many times as I've seen chickens killed on TV,
I've never seen a ostrich decapitated with machete?
Can you imagine how sweet that would be?
I feel like that's a Mythbusters waiting to happen.
Yeah, here's a myth.
That would be awesome.
Why would that be awesome?
Think about how long its neck is.
There is a lot of neck there.
Where would you cut?
You have so many options.
Like you could do like a back flip with a sword
and chop it anywhere and that head's gonna come right off.
You're saying it would look awesome.
As long as we're doing that,
then can we do the cartoon thing
where they tie two flamingos together?
I want to try that.
What cartoon thing are you-
They do that with flamingos all the time.
I think it's in Alice in Wonderland.
What avian cartoon snuff films are you watching?
And by the way, we haven't properly addressed the fact
that Justin wants to cut an ostrich's goddamn head off.
I was trying to steer the conversation away from that.
Away from the fact that our brother's a serial killer.
It would just be fun.
I don't want to do it.
I'm saying I want to see it on YouTube.
They are beautiful regal birds.
They're basically super swans is what they are.
They're mega swans.
I think if you have something with that long of a neck,
it is just begging to be decapitated.
Do you think that somewhere like God or the creator of whatever
is sitting around going like,
I can't believe nobody's decapitated those birds yet.
I gave it to them.
That was a gimmick.
Did you just get theological on us?
Whatever supreme being created ostriches
obviously made them for blood sport.
I didn't want to alienate the Venn diagram of people
that both don't believe in God,
but also want to see ostriches killed.
I didn't want to alienate them.
When looking for a new apartment,
I asked the realtor if the house I was looking at was haunted.
She said she isn't legally allowed to talk about that.
Is that code for yes?
It makes me nervous because I get the vibe
Virginia can be pretty haunted.
Sure.
So Ohio is for lovers when Virginia is for lovers
who killed each other in a terrible passion.
Oh my God.
God, I hope that's true.
I hope that when you're getting your realtor's license,
it's like you can tell them about the bathrooms,
talk about the hardwood floors.
If they ask about ghosts,
legally, you must be ambiguous.
Legally, I don't think they can talk about
if somebody was murdered in the house,
which is the number of ghosts.
Don't just fucking wander from house to house.
Oh, it seems like a pretty good place to set up ghost shop.
Check out two and a half bath for how much?
Is that a day?
That's going to feel good on my ghost.
Oh, it's got like a pool grotto thing.
Yeah, I love the idea that the first week of realtor school
is prices and like cleaning the house and decoration.
And the second week is ghosts and ghost related questions.
Like, listen, today we're going to deal with a sensitive topic
of if you are asked about ghosts.
Is it possible that they just actually have a week
called smart ass visitors?
Yeah, and it's just things that you say to people
who are smart asses that come to look at your house.
Have you guys ever seen a ghost?
Oh, man.
Wow, just went right for it.
Before we spend an hour talking about
what Yahoo thinks about ghosts,
we should really dig deep and do some spiritual exploration.
Are we being real talk?
I might still be drunk.
Is this real talk?
Are we doing real talk ghosts?
I don't know, Travis.
I don't know, Travis.
Can you make it funny or will it be sad?
I'll be sad.
I want to hear.
Oh, now you have to.
Sorry.
Let me clear mine up.
No, because ghosts are real.
Go on, Travis.
I mean, neither of us.
Like, listen, neither of us.
Hey, listen, we're all friends here.
Let's all just be straight.
Let's just put our ghosts on the table.
No, I've seen no ghosts.
I also ain't afraid of no ghost.
Okay.
But I do have a certain belief that,
that, not in ghosts, but that, like, if something really tragic
or, like, really horrific happens in a place,
that there is, like, really bad juju there.
You know what I mean?
Like, if you, I mean, I'm sure it's all purely, like, psychological
and you're telling yourself that.
But, like, you know, you've walked into, like, the Moundsville prison
and, like, the Lincoln State Hospital that we went to in Point Pleasant.
Like, you walk in and you're like, something bad happened here.
Like, is that just me?
Bad psychic energy?
No, but I think a lot of that's aesthetics.
Yeah, that's true, too.
You very rarely, like, walk into a Macy's and you're like,
huh, something bad happened here.
Mm-hmm.
Griffith, where are you at?
You know, the ghosts I don't like that I really double don't believe in
are ghosts that have repeatable behavior patterns.
Oh, the ones that are like, every night she appears on the stairs.
Yeah, she stands in the road, she hitchhikes.
She's probably a ghost, but I had to live on a schedule still.
I would be a bum.
Fuck that.
Yeah, I can float through anything.
Yeah, no, I'm going to go be a hedonist.
Thanks.
Yeah, see, I'm going to go to the babes palace.
Yeah, I'd haunt you, but I'd want to just, like, rub up against money.
All the money in this bank.
That feeling that you get, though, because you did say you get a feeling
when you wander into a place where a murder happened.
There have been two trillion people, 60 trillion people,
that have walked the earth at any given point.
Well, not at any given point, on all the points put together.
Do you, everybody, there's not a square foot of this entire planet
where somebody hasn't been horribly murdered.
You don't know that.
I know that for sure.
Yeah, think about, if you think about all the people who've ever been alive.
Law of large numbers.
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.
Now, I also, I also have to state that one of my personal heroes is Harry Houdini,
who is one of, like, the biggest debunkers in history.
And so I don't believe in ghosts.
I believe in Harry Houdini.
But he died.
He died, so he can't be all that great.
Fair enough, Griffin, fair enough.
I mean, there probably are, we're probably not on point earlier
when we're talking about how ghosts go to live
in the dopest situation they can float into.
I imagine that ghosts, like regular people, like living people,
they have different wants and needs and desires,
and maybe some ghosts are like Jeffert,
and they, you know, they appreciate the coziness of a bagel.
So you're saying, like, maybe this is, like, the ghost of Jeffert Sr.
And he's just like, I feel comfortable here.
I like you here.
I feel comfortable here.
I know this place.
This is where my armchair is.
I get to watch my son dip.
I love it.
I've buried a skull in the front yard,
and I can't go until you find my secret skull stash.
Now, Griffin, I'm curious.
In the fiction you've stitched together here-
Not fiction.
Go on, though.
Why does Jeffert bury the skull?
What is it?
Jeffert didn't.
Jeffert's dead dad buried his secret skull stash.
Jeffert Sr. the elder Jeffert.
The elder Jeff-
Jeffert the elder.
The elder Jeffert buried his secret skull stash in the yard.
And it's, guys, it's enormous.
It's a repository of sweet, difficult tobaccos.
We're talking about hundreds of dollars worth of skull.
And he can't leave this earth until Jeffert finds it.
So is Jeff-
So when we're talking about-
Have you guys seen No Country for Old Men?
It's basically this.
This is what I'm describing to you is the sequel.
Skull Buddies.
Skull Hunters.
Skull Hunters.
That would be a pretty good plot for a new City Slickers movie.
If anybody's in the market for one of those.
The legend of Pearly Skull.
The legend of Jeffert Sr. the elder Jeffert's skull.
I'd watch that.
Hey.
So Yahoo Answers user emmy875 and some other shit, I think.
8750 said that ghosts can attach themselves to anyone or anything.
They could have died on the land or a road nearby and claim that trailer home.
Doesn't that fucking suck?
Doesn't that fucking-
If it was me and I died, I would be careening towards the 18-wheeler.
I would get Google Maps out real quick and just be like,
where am I going to fucking-
Aw, god damn it.
I couldn't go careening off the Hollywood hills and fucking chill with Will Smith
for the rest of eternity.
That's just great.
Good twist of fate.
They- Is the person saying that as they're driving past this place they died
and that's how it happened?
That's how it happened.
You go to the nearest residence.
The nearest hauntable thing.
This is why you guys, if you're going to get murdered,
have a conversation with your murderer first and maybe try to negotiate the spot.
Don't let him kill you in the middle of a downtown sketchy place.
If you could get a realtor to go along with the murderer
just to show off a few places and how it would be good for ghosts.
I actually have a living murder will that is a legally binding document.
It took a while to set up, but basically it states that
if you are going to murder me, you need to take me to within a hauntable distance.
There has to be a Starbucks nearby and it has to be Jeff Goldblum's house.
You got the signature of the head of the Assassin's Guild?
Yeah, I got him to sign off on it.
He agrees, so it's top-down, it's official.
Wow, good work.
Do you guys think Wi-Fi, is Wi-Fi important to ghosts, do you think?
Like a good strong Wi-Fi, like real fab pipes.
I think it becomes hard to distinguish yourself from the Wi-Fi signal.
I think that at some point the ghost is just like Johnny Mnemonic.
That's a good point.
Fully plugged in.
Yeah, but can you imagine the problem that old people have
like figuring out new technology?
Can you imagine being like a ghost in like a thousand years from now
and trying to cope with like the new technological developments
and you're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, what is this?
Back in my day, I just floated in the pipes and carried myself around the internet.
If I get fucking stuck haunting someplace for a thousand years, I'll be livid.
Those local kids should have solved my puzzle by then.
Okay, so Justin Griffin, if you die right now,
what's your unfinished business that's going to keep you around as a ghost?
Because mine is I haven't finished watching Walking Dead yet.
I just gotta clear out my internet history.
Gotta blast my cash.
What?
Did you hear that?
Blast my cash, please.
I try to go incognito, but sometimes I forget.
Blast my cash, set me free.
Press control H.
It's telling us to review his cash.
No, press control H.
Check all the boxes and go.
Set me free.
Blast my cash.
Shrink the window down in case some words show up that don't.
Please.
Grandson.
I am.
I actually need to master the fushigi, but I'm gonna need human hands to do it.
Someone need a willing host.
A sort of Whoopi Goldberg situation.
Where I can through her hands master the ancient art of contact juggling.
Can I read the best Yahoo answer response I've ever seen on the platform?
Yes, please.
By all means.
Yahoo Answers user Bill C. responded,
Oh boy, you don't know you already are a ghost.
All of your friends are ghosts too.
No, just kidding with you.
However, as you grow and mature, your goals and thoughts will change.
Thanks.
Thanks, President Obama.
Who is that from?
President Obama.
Bill C.
Might be President Bill Clinton.
Bill Clinton.
Hey, this shit's dumb, but don't worry.
We've all been there.
Eventually you'll grow up and you won't be such a dumbass.
You're gonna grow out of this real dumb shit.
Oh God.
Didn't you know?
You're a ghost.
All your friends are ghosts.
Listen, just playing.
Listen, I need you to know that this looks serious.
You can actually tell the moment in that response
when the person turns their chair around and straddles it.
Hey, let's get real talk.
We're gonna have a lot of fun today pretending that everyone you know is dead,
but let's talk about how you're gonna grow up and change.
Let's wrap.
Let's wrap.
Listen, your school brought me in today to talk to you guys about the fact that you're dumbasses.
Do you guys want to see me play some stunt volleyball and talk to you about drugs?
Also, all your friends are dead.
Not really because I just sunk this basketball shot,
but now let me tell you about how you're all gonna grow up and not be so stupid.
Pick 85 people.
I will stunt basketball against them solo.
You are gonna love this, but you shouldn't love heroin.
Take it from me.
I used to do heroin.
That's how I got so good at volleyball.
Sometimes I'm in a long room or hallway
and I will not turn the lights on on one end
because I'm just gonna be walking through.
And about halfway through, I will regret it because it's dark.
And I'll get like so, so pooped.
Like way pooped out.
And then-
When you say that, do you literally mean so scared that you defecate?
Like so scared.
No, I mean like I'm a grown man, but I would pee pants.
I get so scared.
You guys ever do that?
You're in like a dark hallway or something.
Oh yeah, all the time.
Like halfway through, you're like,
oh shit, oh shit, I know it.
I know it's on.
I'm routinely going into warehouses and like old shops and stuff.
Yes, I do that quite often.
Can I tell you guys another place I just thought of that's way better
that you definitely don't want to see a ghost?
Yeah.
At the bottom of a pool.
Oh no.
No, no, no.
You go down with your mask and the ghost is like,
gurgle, gurgle, ghost.
No.
It's a ghost in the pool.
You reach the bottom level of a building.
The elevated doors open.
Ghost right there in front of the elevator.
Let me get you with this.
It's the opening night of a movie, midnight movie,
and you just waited in line and get a big tub of popcorn
and you get it and it takes you 20 minutes to get it
and you paid $8 for it, right?
You know, it's so expensive and then you take it back to your seat
and you got to work your way through the aisle.
Excuse me, excuse me.
And then you get back to your seat and you look down
and it's not popcorn.
It's just a ghost.
Oh man, that you have to go all the way back up.
And you have to wait in line for 20 minutes
because they can't let you skip and you get there
and you're like, excuse me, you gave me a ghost.
And then they say, no, I didn't.
And you look down and you look down and it's popcorn.
Shivered.
Shivered.
I am fully shivered at this point.
Okay, imagine this.
You've been looking for a new car for three months.
I love it.
You shopped around.
Okay.
You've gone through all the different financing options.
You weren't sure at first because you wanted like a two door,
but then they started showing you the four doors
and you're really happy with one of them.
And so it's been months.
You got all your financing in order.
You pick the right colors.
You know the car you want.
You buy it.
As you're driving off the lot,
you open the glove compartment ghost.
Check this out.
Check this spooky story.
You wait in line at Starbucks.
You're waiting and waiting and waiting.
And then you wait and then you wait.
And then you get to the front and you say,
I want a grande salted caramel mocha
and a benty skinny salted caramel mocha
and oatmeal with brown sugar and nuts
and pumpkin bread and pumpkin muffin.
And then you reach and then he says it's going to be 1978
and you reach in your pocket and to get your wallet.
But what's in there is actually a ghost.
Oh my God.
I just flipped my popcorn over.
You just got shamed.
I bet this one.
You go to a party and because your friends say
that you're going to know a bunch of people there
and you get to it and you don't actually know.
You don't actually know that many people there.
And then maybe there's a ghost or something.
Imagine this.
Okay, so like you've been marinating like this roast
in your crock pot for like, I would say like a 20 hours.
Like a real slow roast, right?
Oh my God.
And you've been building up because you're going to have
a dinner party that night.
Okay.
Right.
And then you open the crock pot
and you didn't put enough liquids in
and now the whole thing's dried out.
And suddenly the doorbell rings and you open
and there's a ghost.
And he wants to tell you about Jesus.
That was good.
That was good.
That was good.
Check this out.
All right.
Voting day.
You vote, go to the polls.
You go and you vote and you drive home
and you have some dinner
and then you wait for the results to come in.
And then at the end of the night,
you're looking at Mitt Romney, 20%.
Barack Obama, 20%.
60%.
60% landslide win.
A ghost.
Oh God, no.
We've elected our first ghost president
of the United States of Spooktacular America.
Yeah, and you know he's not pro-life.
We're not letting them ghosts vote.
We give them ghosts the right to vote
and they're going to elect a ghost every time.
Yeah.
Hey, hey ghost.
Why can't we see the death certificate?
What's a good pet name for an uncle?
What's the role or title in other languages?
Slangs?
Is there a difference whether your uncle
is from your dad's side or your mom's side?
Include things like when kinders and kids,
when kinders and kids mess up the pronunciation
and it comes out like my anki.
Got a fave pet name for your fave uncle?
I hate this so much.
Do you guys know my favorite pet name
for one of our uncles?
What?
What's that?
Mark.
Dave.
Dave.
Adult Dave.
Chris.
Like, how do you, that person?
Grown ass man, Mark.
Grown ass Dr. Mark Wahlberg.
Like, why, he's a fucking-
Listen, uncle.
Listen, uncle.
Uncle Felipe, I've been wanting you and me to get closer,
so I came up with a pet name for you.
You're kind of chunky, so I'm gonna start calling you
my chunkle.
You're my chunkle now.
Have you ever noticed that you have a body odor problem?
From now on, you're my stunkle.
Stunkle's not bad.
You're my funkle.
I used to live with a guy named Jacob Dunkle
and his very name of which apparently makes Travis laugh.
It does.
I love Dunkle.
I saw Dunkle come out of the Argo.
Oh yeah?
Did he like it?
How many Dunkle stars did he give it?
He didn't give any.
He did say that you need to respond to his Facebook messages
because he said you kind of left him hanging on a few of those.
Oh man, he said it like four months ago.
I feel, I-
Dunkle, I'm sorry if you're listening.
If you're listening and you probably aren't-
He keeps up.
He told me he listens.
Yeah.
So now you have no excuse.
Anyway, he has to like enjoy things
and then say that they were a slammed dunkle, right?
Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely.
But he, I can't remember if this actually happened
or if we just wanted it to happen.
Like for him to have a sibling that had a child
and then he would be Funky Uncle Dunkle
or Funky Unky Dunky or any combination of those three things.
Funky Unky Dunky.
Oh God.
My Uncle Nemo, we lovingly call Unk.
It makes it sound like a caveman.
I like that too.
He is a Cro-Magnon.
Hey, did you, so who's bringing what for Thanksgiving?
Well, I'm bringing the Pecan Sandies
and is anybody bringing cranberry?
Oh yeah, we assigned that to-
Hey everybody, Unk's here.
Sorry, just stepped on a duck.
Yeah.
Just so I could double check in your fiction,
is someone buying a package of Nabisco Pecan Sandies
and thinks that's a sufficient Thanksgiving offering?
That's how he's set with Asai.
And what's Steve bringing?
He's bringing Pecan Sandies again.
I think if someone's going to bring Pecan Sandies,
it's going to be Unk
because he does not sound like somebody
who is graced with color just yet.
He's just going to pull one out of the back of his van
where he just has stacks and stacks of packages
of Pecan Sandies that he bought
when the Piggly Wiggly down the street
was going out of business.
Just so I'm clear, is Unk actually Encino Man?
To be fair, Unk is not really related
to either my mother or my father.
He's more of a friend of the family,
by which I mean a bear.
Okay.
This has been the greatest Thanksgiving of my life,
except for when that bear tore my arm off.
But God, I love my Unk.
Excuse me, Unk Jr., son of Unk.
His forearms are just as powerful as the original Unk,
make no mistake.
His large claws have torn all our tapestries,
but we love him very much.
But they've also torn down the emotional walls
that was keeping my family apart.
You know, we went three Christmas sets
without speaking until Unk showed up.
They say a bear's strength knows no limits,
and we finally put that to the test
when we used it to rebuild our home
and by which we mean our love.
He was strong enough to hold his family together.
You lay off Unk.
Every year at Thanksgiving, he brings honey.
And we love him for that.
And he always pushes it forward a little shyly,
as if to say, this is all I could do.
And God damn it, you've done enough.
He and his son always talk about how they like to wipe their ass
with like really soft paper.
I hate it.
I hate it.
You know what?
He missed my wedding because he got captured
and sent to the zoo.
But I wasn't angry at him.
How could I say anything?
Hey, everybody.
This is Griffin McElroy, your baby brother.
And thanks for sticking with us as we do a best of episode.
Justin and Travis are both on vacation.
And we figured, hey, it's been a while
since we've done a bros better bros best.
So we are putting one up so that they can enjoy their beach time
and I can enjoy my hurricane.
So here's some Jumbotron stuff and some advertisement stuff.
First off, I want to tell you about Wink.
That's W-I-N-C.
And Wink, what they do is they give you access to exceptional wines
from all around the world.
Just go to trywink.com.
That's T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com.
And what you're going to do on that website
is you're going to take a brief palate profile quiz.
And using that data, they're going to recommend some wines
all customized to your palate, which will be shipped directly to your door
every month.
And because they base the wines that they send you on your taste preferences,
they'll even introduce you to new, rare, and custom wines
that are not available anywhere else.
We've gotten some wines in here from Try Wink
that we've been sort of savoring, enjoying with our dinner meals.
And it's been real nice.
They're very tasty beverages.
And right now, Wink is offering listeners 20 bucks off with your first order
when you go to trywink.com slash my brother.
That's trywink, spelled T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother
to get $20 off your first order now.
One more time, it's trywink.com slash my brother.
Also want to tell you about Harry's.
Harry's is all about getting a great shave at a fair price.
They are half the price of the leading five blade razor.
They're so confident that you're going to love their blades,
they'll send you their trial shave set for free
when you sign up at harrys.com slash my brother.
You just pay shipping.
And what you get in that trial set is a weighted ergonomic razor handle,
five precision engineered blades with a lubricating strip and trimmer blade,
a rich lathering shave gel, and a travel blade cover.
We all have Harry's razors.
That's what I use.
It's my off-court buddy for my shaving needs.
And it's really great.
So go get your free trial set at harrys.com slash my brother right now.
That is harrys.com slash my brother.
This one is very exciting.
It's the Name of the Wind Art Deck.
It's live now on Kickstarter.
It's a beautiful deck of cards meticulously illustrated by artist Echo Chernick,
featuring characters from the New York Times bestselling author Patrick Rothfuss,
bestselling author and friend of the show and former guest Patrick Rothfuss,
his novel The Name of the Wind, the first in the Kingkiller Chronicle series.
Basically, this project features two collections of decks,
each with two distinct decks that have matching backs but different face cards.
So you choose your favorite characters from each of the decks,
and you combine them to customize your deck with your favorites,
all while having these two complete playable decks of cards.
The Kickstarter exclusive Chandrian Collection is only available to Kickstarter backers
and features two decks with a blue and black card back
and a stunning black tuck box design with blue foil.
There's also cameo appearances available.
You can buy a cameo appearance in an original art print created by Echo Chernick
and actually become part of the Adima-Ra troop with, that's right, us, the McElroy brothers.
This is very, very exciting for me as a huge, huge fan of this novel series.
I cannot wait to see how it turns out.
So keep an eye out for when this print becomes unlocked
so you can grab your spot in the art print under the open sky before they're all gone.
The Kickstarter project is seeking $25,000 and it's currently over 1,000% funded.
So if you want to get your hands on these cards and the exclusive edition,
do not miss out on this awesome project.
Just go to Kickstarter and search for the name of the wind art deck.
That's how I found it.
And that's how I am backing it literally right now as I am reading this.
And okay, I've got a couple of Jumbotron spots here.
The first one is for Rob and it's from Chelsea who says,
hey buddy, we always have such a great time playing games,
telling dumb jokes and making up ridiculously intricate theories about the adventure zone.
Hopefully I've put most of those to bed at this point.
I wanted it on the official podcast record that you are the best at everything you do.
So I paid the brothers or brother to tell you.
Brothers, he really is the best.
I believe it.
Here's to many more years of good goose.
It's a very sweet message and now it's official.
It's this every episode goes in the Library of Congress.
So it's like government official that Rob is the best.
Got another one here for Ed and it's from your courgette.
Probably said that wrong.
Sumi who says, happy friendiversary or whatever personal celebration is most relevant right now
because of Jumbotron timing.
Thanks for introducing me to Mabim Bam and the adventure zone and bubble baths.
I hope you enjoy all of those simultaneously.
I'm so glad that you're a part of my life.
Here is to more delicious concoctions.
Don't know why I said it like that.
Deep and meaningfuls and unscrupulous fun.
I appreciate you so much.
We all appreciate you, Ed.
I most of all.
I've been waiting for the right time to tell you this.
And it is right now as I do this ad break by myself.
Thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great shows there.
It's all really, really good stuff and it's all for free.
You're gonna find something you like.
I guarantee it.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself, Baby Geniuses, One Bad Mother, Lady to Lady, Jordan Jesse Goh,
Judge John Hodgman.
So many great shows all at MaximumFun.org.
If you want to hear the rest of the stuff that we do, you can go to McElroyShows.com
and check out all of our podcasts and video projects there.
Big thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for these for a theme song
It's a Departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really, really great album that you should go pick up.
Hey, I mentioned the hurricane earlier.
And all joking aside, if you have the means, please consider helping out.
Rachel and I have gotten a lot of messages.
We live in Austin for people concerned and we're doing just fine.
Austin did not catch the brunt of this, but there are lots of areas down on the coast
and Houston that really could use some help if you can help.
So consider supporting an organization like Portlite or the Red Cross or local food banks
in Houston and Galveston and Corpus Christi and other coastal areas.
There's the Greater Houston Community Fund.
There are tons and tons of ways to get involved.
Just go online and find out where you can put your support.
And yeah, we try to get too serious on the show, but it's a serious thing that's happening.
And please consider helping out if you can.
I think that's it for right now.
I'm going to let you get back to the rest of the best of episode.
We will be back with another regular episode next week.
Bye.
you get your podcast from? Oh god, there's the rat. Oh god.
Let's have another death question. This was sent in by Jacob Locker, so you know it's
gonna be good. Thanks Jacob. It's by Yahoo Answers user Philip, who asks, how much would
it cost to bronze my corpse when I die?
The first answer is exactly $32,988, I guess.
Is that including all the fees?
I like this idea so much. For me, personally, let me tell you why.
Just in case I ever do something awesome enough to merit a statue built in my honor, it's
like, pre-pro. You know what I mean?
They don't have to worry about, I would love to build this statue in Griffin's honor. I
would love to. He was a very important figure for an important reason here. But I just don't
know that we have the maintenance fees for it right now.
With this, I can say, don't even worry about it. This is me, and maybe I'm standing up,
maybe I have a piece of pizza in my hand that I also bronzed, and I'm given like a hang
ten sign with my other hand.
So kind of a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles pastiche.
Maybe a little TMNT, perhaps. Maybe I have roller skates on. Maybe the roller skates
aren't bronzed. Well, that's gonna create some tricky feet issues. Anyway.
First and foremost, I am bothered by the limitations of the question. I don't understand why I
have to wait to be dead to be bronzed.
Are you talking full bronzing, or are you talking like a partial Tremaine?
Well, I'm just saying, like, I feel like it would be very protective if I could just
go like, toes to neck.
Okay.
You know, leave my head out there for all the important shit, but just go toes to neck,
and so then I know I'm ba- wait, is bronze bulletproof?
It depends on how thick it is.
I can tell you this, though. It is poop and peep proof.
Okay, I'm gonna need some outlets. I'm gonna need some outlets cut.
Okay, so basically what we're talking about is like a shitty Iron Man scenario.
Yes.
I am Iron Ma- I'm fucking falling over! Shit, I landed on my dick outlet.
Fuck! Help me! Pepper Potts, help me!
I peed and pooped in my bronze suit again. Watch me shoot my beams!
Oh, I don't have beams? I'm just made of steel? Fuck me.
Avengers assemble! I pooped and peed in here a month ago.
Master, yes, Jarvis? You smell like fucking piss on metal, and I hate it.
I'm leaving. I'm an AI, and I hate it.
I'm deleting myself because of how bad your pee metal smell smells.
I like that Jarvis is concerned about it being bulletproof, as if anyone would ever want
to shoot a robot. Jarvis, you have to worry about it being bulletproof
because I'm saying a week and a half in, you're gonna be like, fucking kill me.
Yeah, why would he- Okay, Jarvis, I wanna jump back.
You're gonna turn yourself into a robot? No, if there's any gun-toting criminal that
walks in because there's a man covered in metal, surely he's a robot.
That man doesn't deserve to be mad at me because he's an idiot.
I am not a robot, I am still a human being, I'm just trapped in a metal husk.
And the husk that is becoming my life because of my poor pre-planning.
Why would anyone want to shoot a man that has locked himself with his dick in a butthole
hanging out? That was your flat!
The people can look under him, he can't stop them because he can't move his arms.
Please everyone stop looking at my dick and or butthole.
I think they have a name for someone whose limbs are encased in metal but whose sex organs
are exposed and that's a fuck prison. That's what you set yourself up for.
Jarvis, can you admit to us right now that this actually sounds like your dream scenario?
All that you have to do is have food fed to you and shit where you stand and it's totally,
totally acceptable. I don't like that you assume that I would
be bronze standing. What position are we talking?
We're climbing on a chaise lounge like Cleopatra.
The only person we have gotten irrationally angry at and I have not regretted is jugglers.
I still feel like we were pretty much on the money with jugglers.
I want to keep that feud going. But literally everything else I am sorry for
any time we've judged. Now, is that your Appalachian affectation
on the word juggalos? Hey man, you got a festival with a bunch of
jugglers around. I would marry my first born daughter to a
juggalo before I let her date a juggler. Wow.
I want to leave it at that. Wow, Adam.
By saying that, my future daughter is going to listen to this and date a juggler to piss
me off. God damn it.
Kids, right? It's like we worked so hard for you to not
date anyone who suspends balls in the air. That's all I ask.
That's all I ask is to stay away from wizards and prestidigitators and jugglers.
I don't like anybody who does tricks. I don't think it's so wrong.
Our dad was murdered at a carnival. Have we ever talked about the fact our dad
was murdered at a carnival? No, I don't think so.
Although I would like to throw out a special thanks to our adopted father, Clint McElroy.
We adopted him. You've done such a great job raising us, but
the scars of our former dad's carnival murder, unsolved carnival murder, I feel like it really
informs a lot of the stuff we talk about on the show.
I am amazed that we've never talked about it. Are you sure it hasn't come up?
It seems like it would have come up, the fact that our dad was killed by a juggler.
Marvin, please give us a Yahoo question. Sure.
This Yahoo question is sent in by Michael Lee. Thank you, Michael.
It's by Yahoo Answers User Question Mark. Somebody explain what that meant.
I think it's like the person deleted their account, which I love that Yahoo Answers treasures
their questions so much that they don't just delete the questions, too.
Question Mark asks, how do I unpotty train myself?
I am a teen baby and really want to know how to unpotty train myself night and day so I
can be more like a baby again. It sounds like this guy is looking for a better
answer than just poop and pee in your pants instead of in the toilet like a big boy does,
like you did on your big boy birthday. I don't know what to tell him.
Clean your toilet and put scorpions in. That is an option to you.
When you're about to use the toilet, don't. Okay, Josh, you think of it small.
Let's go back to the scorpions for a second. Can you remove the toilet from your house?
Or better yet, can you have a friend do it when you least expect it?
Oh, this? This is the bye-bye hole. There used to be a toilet here.
Now I just put things in it I never want to see again.
Like all of my friendships and my dignity. Hey, Justin and Travis, can you explain to
me what a teen baby is? Apparently it is not a baby sired by a teen,
which is what I prayed to Jesus it did mean. So some people have chosen to live their lives,
and I'm trying to be very diplomatic here, because I'm sure there are people who listen
to this show who are adult babies. But some people have chosen to live their
lives as babies, because that's what makes them happy to live as babies.
I mean, nice work. If you can get it, I'd like to be a baby too.
Like I think we'd all like to figure out how to put this particular genie back in the
bottle. And I do mean bottle.
If I may, even then. You may.
Adult baby, I get that. Adults, tons of responsibility. It fucking sucks, and you want to be a baby
and just be taken care of. I get it. Teen baby, what's your life really like
that's so hard? No, Travis.
As a teenager that you're like, if only I could regress eight years.
Think back to high school. Middle school especially, but high school to some extent, the worst
part of your entire life. The absolute worst part. I feel like the reason
that not all teenagers are teen babies is because they don't know that that's an option.
And honestly, I would say that if you are charismatic enough, you could probably pull
off teen baby and be one of the most popular kids in school.
Travis. He would be like, ah, big baby, what's up?
I think you're thinking of teen wolf. Yeah, teen wolf couldn't pull that-
You're right, you guys. Sorry. Oh, could you tell your new school that you're a werewolf?
They would want to see some- They're going to need to see hard proof.
Yeah, they're going to need to see the long form.
Tell them it's too dangerous. Now the commitment is two days out of every month, you can't
go to school. You don't want to see me. I get super Randy
and I'm real good at basketball, and I surf on top of my friend's van. It's too dangerous.
You don't want to see this. I have a coworker who has a language issue.
He seems to think the phrase- Okay, okay. He seems-
God, you are 14 years old. Okay, I can do this. I can do this. He seems
to think the phrase blow my load means the same as the phrase blow my top. He uses it
frequently to describe when he feels angry. Needless to say, I'll find this hilarious,
but I don't want him to hurt his career using this phrase. Should I ruin this beautiful
situation by telling him or keep it a secret until he gets old? That's from Amused in
New Orleans. Is it possible that your coworker just finds
really random shit erotic? I swear to God, if the boss tells me to finish
our report sooner one more time, I'm going to blow my load.
He just kind of wants the printer to act up. He kind of just wants to forget his lunch
at home. If you don't get back in here and make a
pot of coffee after you finish it, I'm going to blow my load all over the place.
I don't have anybody like this in my life. You understand that this person is a unicorn
and this thing doesn't really happen. It only happens in American Pie movies. Why the fuck
would you ruin it by telling them? Yeah, you are currently working with a mid-90s
SNL Rob Schneider character and you need to just keep that roll rolling. Keep it going.
I'm also willing to bet that if you even voice a concern about telling him, you will
be swarmed by 30 different people being like, Todd, you can't tell him. This is all I've
got, Todd. My family life is shit. Think about this, Amused in New Orleans. If
some other crankster had come along and fixed this before you got to it, we would never
have heard of it. Think about that for a second.
That's true and it wouldn't have brought joy to my life. Also think about the fact
that if you talk to this guy, that's going to be in the Guinness Book of World Records
for the shittiest conversation ever because it's going to go, hey, Todd, that thing you've
been saying, it means coming and then he's going to fall to his knees and he's going
to lash himself. Here's the thing. If you tell him, if you're
the guy who tells him, you are immediately responsible for every single time he has said
that and you have not corrected him. Oh, great point, Justin, because he's going
to sit there and think, well, I said it to you when the boss's niece was around and
you didn't say shit. You just let me keep saying it. What's the matter with you?
Oh, hey, by the way, it means coming. It does mean coming, sir.
If everybody doesn't know. Yeah.
Why is Garfield so funny, but not in any way that his creator can harness? Why is everyone
else able to make Garfield funny, but somehow the ability to elude it escapes Jim Davis
daily, seven times a day. This motherfucker can't get the funniest strip correct. He is
unable to see what he has made and use it for good.
It's one of those things where Garfield minus Garfield is like some of the funniest shit
around, but if he had just drawn that strip, it would have been fucking mind-blowingly
terrible. Ultimately, the comedy that we find in it
is a direct result of Jim Davis's impotence. His inability. Right, exactly. If he were
more competent as an artist or creator, then we wouldn't be, but see like, okay, you look
at Garfield minus Garfield or really any sort of deconstructionist Garfield rap that we
have done. If Jim Davis had the artistic ability to kill his little darlings, to have the foresight,
that scalpel, that artistic scalpel to cut away the inessentials of his comedy, he could
be one of the great ones, excuse me, Bill Watterson. He could be the greatest comic
artist of all time, but he is unable. He cannot see beyond his mediocrity.
In a way though, isn't that his legacy? This is what I'm saying it's intentional. I'm
saying that Garfield, people wouldn't be talking, Garfield wouldn't be as relevant as it is
today, which is to say incredibly relevant. If it was just like, if it was the funniest
thing ever, if it was Mad TV, you know? Wait, excuse me? That's a whole different rabbit
hole. I don't want to go down right now. If it was the funniest thing ever, a la Mad
TV, then people wouldn't be talking about it because there would be nothing to say except
did you see the latest Garfield? And people would say yes and say, I laughed so hard that
I forgot to feed my kids. I would hate to be the weird magician that
came up with the frosty stuff and then try to explain to people why. I don't know what
good excuse- like first off, you have to open and like the first line of your explanation
has to be, well, not for sex. Listen, I want to be clear on one thing.
This should be self-evident. This thing's made out of snow and coal. There is, there
is no- It's not a weird sex thing.
I was lonely. And was I open-minded? Yes, I was.
What he has to really explain- Friendship? Maybe.
What he has to explain away is why make this sentient living thing with the heart and soul
of a kind human being out of the most like fleeting substance that there is.
I made this hat that you put on a fart and it turns into a person. Oh, what was I thinking?
My first shot at this was frosty, the sort of homunculus I made out of wet sand right
on the edge of the beach right at about like 430, right before high tide came in.
Have you ever noticed how from 10am to 4pm every single day you just hear a creature
screaming a sandy, sandy scream in terror? That's my bad.
But I'm gonna get it right. Mark my words. Just move him off the beach, you say? That's
not a bad idea. But then the pelicans can get at him.
I'll workshop it, but- Or at least a week.
But is it even sadder if you think about- He puts this hat on, he knows like nothing.
It's his birthday, you know? By the way, a top hat, not even a sun hat
to protect him from the rays. No brim whatsoever. And he's just this happy
go lucky young man, and yet for some reason there's two things he knows. He knows how
to love, and that he will soon be dead. He's learning everything else on his own,
and yet there is one inherent piece of information in his head. Oh, by the way, if it heats up
above say about 32, I'm out of here. So you're basically saying he's the epitome
of Tim McGraw's live like you were dying. Yes. He was specifically created to know only
one thing, and that he didn't have long to go. Live like you were melting.
I told some kids in the neighborhood about how I was gonna die.
I tried to go skydiving, but I just kind of fell apart because I made of snow. If a parachute
whipped me back, it would probably rip me in half.
Please don't throw my chest bones at a kid. Frosty doesn't have bones, I don't think.
I think he was saying his bones are made of snow, and then you turn those into snowballs,
and then you hit somebody with it. Right. How is he ambulatory if inside his
snow flesh is not a nice skeleton? I assume it was like various sacks of water
and air. It's like squishing and refilling.
Much like an octopus or something along those lines.
Did you go see Frosty? Yeah, I tried to stand next to him, and the sound of his body moving.
What if he had nothing to do with magic? It was just like, it was genetics. So I genetically
made a half that when you put it on, like that was the only response system.
This is gonna sound weird, but could you put your mouth on my armpit and blow? My air sac
seems to have deflated. I want to wave goodbye to you kids. Of course, it's too late.
Watch out for my venomous prongs. I have all of those to keep the dogs away.
Oh, the traffic cop hollered stop, so I inked all over him. Goodbye.
I'm nature's greatest monster. I want to tell you about our last advertiser,
ExtremeRestraints.com. It is a diverse retailer with a variety of
goods that seem to have no discernible theme. It's a general store then, you would say.
It's something of a general store. Here's an attachment you can put on a drill that
it seems to be a soft rubber tip, perhaps to protect you from drilling things accidentally.
What happens? Are you jamming a drill and then you turn it on and then you say, whoops,
that's not... I didn't mean to drill this chair. How did you get into this predicament
in the first place? You trip. You get excited because you're about
to drill something. So you start drilling and then you fall or trip.
I'm looking at one thing here and it looks like... Have you ever like been carrying a
candle around? I thought like, ah, this takes up a whole hand and I need two hands to do
some things. It looks like here they have a belt that you can wear that you can hold
the candle on the belt and then you have two free hands. I think that's pretty impressive.
I think I understand. You know how sometimes you're at home and you just got back from
the grocery store and you get out the kielbases that you bought at the grocery store and you
think, man, these sure looked bigger at the grocery store. And then you get them out and
you find them unsatisfyingly small and you think, these aren't going to keep me... These
aren't going to fill me up. They have a special... I'll call it a peripheral and it is a pump
and you put the kielbasa inside it and if you... And then all of a sudden your kielbasa,
the kielbasa that you bought for eating is bigger.
Have you ever said something you didn't mean to someone and you think, ah, me and my big
mouth. When am I going to learn to keep my big mouth shut? Well, what if you could put
a ball in there all the time that you can't take out at all. Maybe a big... Maybe you
put a whole leather mask in front of your face that looks like a dog and you never see
anything.
And it's very funny because, you know, it's a great gag gift because everyone's always
walking dogs, but nobody ever puts the leash on a person. You know what else makes it a
great gag gift? A gag. Can this be the rest of the episode, please? Have you ever been
at home and it's real hot so obviously you're not wearing any pants or underpants and so
you're sitting there and I don't want to get blue, but let's say your privates are out,
but all of a sudden there's a bunch of wild dogs get in the room and you're afraid that
you'll be bitten on your privates. Well, there's a special cage that you can put around it
to keep wild animals away from the thing that you have down there, whatever it may be, but
I think I know what it is.
Extreme Strains is looking out for your safety.
It's a safety cage like a shark, which shark divers use.
You know how sometimes when you turn into a werewolf, people chain you up in the basement?
Well, what if only your privates turn into a werewolf? Have you thought about that underserved
portion of the population?
What if you're the captain of a pirate ship?
Okay, go on. I'm following so far.
You need something with which to punish the shipmates who act up and really, you can't
go to Target and buy a cat of nine tails, you know what I mean?
Sure, yeah, go on.
This is a whip specifically for non-sexual punishment.
I can't stress this enough. Imagine this, you're trying to get to work, right, but you're
late and you need to take the carpool lane, but you're by yourself and you've got no one
to carpool with you. Then you're reaching the trunk and you inflate yourself a friend
and you pop them into your passenger seat.
Carpool buddy, that's the extremestrains.com. Have you ever looked at really skee cucumber
and thought, I bet I could juice that.
Extremestrains.com has got you covered with a head honcho.
Man, chronic constipation is a problem that a lot of people run to nowadays. Maybe you
don't want to go to the ballgreens and buy a douche, and maybe you want to buy a special
douche, one that can get real deep in there.
You know, chronic diarrhea is a problem. Wouldn't it be easier to just plug it up?
Nothing, nothing.
It's not you covered in Extreme Restrains. Nothing coming out of the one.
Oh my god.
You know, swings are great for the kids. What about adults?
But don't you miss the fun of soaring through the air and out of care in the world? Well,
Extreme Restrains has you covered with a fun swing to swing on.
Sure.
Griff, did you have another question, one last one to send us off on?
Yeah, I could. I could do that for you.
It was sent in by Nolan Hitchcock. Thank you, Nolan. It's by Yahoo Answers user, Jessica,
who asks, is it bad to give my six-year-old baby a little French onion dip?
Oh, Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dad. Square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture. Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Mugs, shirts, stickers, patches, tanks and more are yours for the purchasing at MaxFunStore.com.
Hey, you already love the podcasts, so why not take this to the next level and outfit
your home and bod with our merch? MaxFunStore.com. Because if you have to wear a shirt, it should
be one of ours.
