The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Welcome to my brother, my brother, mean advice show for the modular. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin Tyler McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis Patrick McElroy. You'll get him next time,
champ. I'm hometown boy made good in 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
I kind of thought I was gonna win. We love coming to Texas.
And playing fucking candy crush while we're doing it. Austin has, it almost feels like home to us
now because we've played here so many times. It's like a home to us, like a second home.
Austin's like a second home. It's like coming home for me. It's almost like we own property here
and all of our shit is here. That's what it feels like. You know, you come, you see old friends,
old family, old lovers. I thought it would be better. Old lovers, I actually would love to
explore. That's tough. I've had a lot of old lovers. We saw Willie backstage. Saw Willie.
So cool to see Willie. He welcomed us to his street. He welcomes everybody here to Austin
City Limits. When you come in, Willie greets you at the door. I know you're wondering did
he smoke us out? He's actually, guys, no. He's very cool. Is that more of a character that he
plays? He plays a character. He's like, please call me Bill. He's wearing a business suit.
He was wearing like kind of a business jacket over a polo. Yeah. He's also like 36 years old.
Yeah, that's the weirdest thing. He's also wearing a wire and that's hard too. He leaned over to get
me a Starburst off our Starburst table and I saw it down his shirt and first of all, I was like,
I'm seeing down Willie Nelson's shirt. This is a once in a lifetime experience.
Mental picture, but also I saw the fucking wire. Yeah, I saw the wire, Willie. He does this funny
bit though where like every five minutes, apropos of nothing, he'll just say, I'm not a cop. Yeah.
Yeah, it's cool. It's really good. He said one thing that was so cool backstage, he's like,
I think you guys are going to put on a great show tonight. Can I interest you in some marijuana,
which is illegal within the state of Texas. Just to clarify that, would you still like some
marijuana? And he said, you Travis McElroy. Travis said our names a lot out loud. Travis McElroy is
the one who said that. He's reaching into his pocket. He narrated a lot. Everything we did,
he said, and now you're walking across the room. Speak into the flower, he said a lot. Speak into
my huge comical flower. And when I pulled out my gun, he was like, Bumblebee, Bumblebee,
Bumblebee, Bumblebee. Just waiting and watching the windows. I don't normally have a gun,
but when you cross the bounds into Texas, they give you one. They throw it in the open window
of your car as you drive past. It was in my luggage actually, which is so weird. I didn't
pack it. It was just in there with some honey, some local honey. Now one of those is for your
allergies. Keep it straight. Keep it straight. It's not the gun. Well, we have returned to you
Austin and the Chilean miners. We have reemerged from the ground. Are the Chilean miners known for
returning to places? Guys, can I be honest with you? I miss the fucking cage. Let's go chug it
off. Where's my wallet? Ah, fuck. I'm going back to the cave. Chilean miners too. I have to take
this. The squeak wall. This time they have to get back in. Oh, they put up some kind of tape over
the front. What are we going to do? We have to go back. Hey gang, this table's real wet and I was
the only other one to do a show out here tonight. That's a cool mystery. Really? So anyway, this is
an advice show. We are not used to playing theaters where there are people in the round here. So if
you feel like you're not getting service- This is actually a thrust. Yeah, it's a thrust. In the
round would be behind us. It's a thrust. Okay, Jesus. Three quarters, to be honest. I know you
guys get frustrated because you have useless theater degrees. Fair enough. Seemed like they
just came in pretty useful, Griffin. What news story will you be writing about this evening's
performance? Anyway, why is James crying? Because he just got dunked on. So anyway, hi. If you feel
like you're not getting service, please let us know silently. I don't know how you'll accomplish
that, but here's the question. I get monthly massages as a way to de-stress and maintain sanity.
Fuck yeah. I have seen the same person every month for a little more than a year. I noticed about
three months ago while massaging my left hand, she seemed to avoid my pointer finger. Your pointer
finger? My pointer finger. My punter finger. I thought- I'm gonna kick it there. I thought,
okay, that's weird. She moved my right hand and massaged my hand and all five fingers.
I thought maybe it was a fluke and I went on with my month until the next massage,
it happened again and again the time after. It always is my left hand and always the pointer.
Is there something that could be wrong with my finger to cause such an aversion? I mean,
it's a pretty normal finger, I think, and this is now causing what should be a relaxing time
into an anxious nightmare. Should I say something? What should I say? Please help.
That's from Soar Pointer in DFW. Are you here? Okay. Hi. What are you gonna say like, hey,
you forgot my finger. If you're ever wondering- No skipsies. If you're ever wondering if you should
ask your massage therapist for a specific part of your body to be deeply serviced,
repeatedly, the answer is yes, obviously. How else are they gonna know? How else will they know
what you are? There's a 0% chance it's a normal index finger though, right?
I'm thinking, because I was thinking about it, and if you get the other
hand piggies, right? Sure. And then you skip that one to go for thumb. Yeah. It's harder to
skip it than to just include it. Oh, maybe the massage therapist is super excited to get to
that fucking thumb. Oh. Yeah, maybe it's not a bad pointer, maybe it's an awesome thumb.
They're on the pinky like, oh God, this is the hand. I'm almost there. Ring finger. Oh shit.
Here, the thumb is over. Middle finger. I can't take it anymore. I gotta get somebody down.
How cool is your thumb? It's a cool thumb, probably. Maybe they saw you do something
with that finger, huh? Yeah. Something evil. Do you legally have to tell us? This is a podcast.
You have to tell us if you did something nasty. What did you do with your secret finger?
I'd say you met my finger. What'd you do? No, but really, what'd you do?
No answer. No answer. The crime is unspeakable. Terrible crime. Maybe it's just,
maybe your massage therapist is just making sure you're paying attention and they're like bummed
out that you haven't mentioned the finger. Yeah, it's a test on you. I clearly skipped their finger.
This is how these things start to erode though. They skip the finger. You don't notice they skip
two fingers, five fingers, the whole hand, the arm, the whole side of the body. Eventually you're
paying $60 and they slap you on the butt. That's the whole massage. They say good game, chief.
Good game, chief. Thanks for the 60 buckaroonies. That's been an hour. I don't think it has,
do you know? Fuck. It could be accident though. Your body has so many parts
if you think about it. Everybody close your eyes and try to list out all the parts of your wonderful
body. At the top of your lungs. Good Christ. We can't say stuff like that. It's happened by my
math four times. What? That's not an accident. You don't miss the exact same part of the body over
and over and over again. That's true. If it was an accident, they would miss different things like,
oh, didn't get my right foot that time. Is your left index finger maybe somehow bad or the same
exact color of the fabric of the massage table? Do you have camo finger? Do you have one camouflage
finger? Because that would fucking do it. Do you have like a real shifty finger where they go for
and the finger just dodges out of the way and they can't see? Yeah, maybe they're trying to rub the
finger, but you instinctively pull it away because it's your weakest finger. Did you lose your finger
in a lawn mowing accident? Now you have phantom finger. Do you have phantom finger? Do you have
phantom finger? If so, you have to tell us. You legally have to tell us. It's a podcast.
How about a Yahoo? Okay. I feel like we helped enough.
This one was sent in by Graham Roebuck. Thank you, Graham. It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm going to call them Scalver. Scalver asks,
why are we don't see nights in this day and age?
I assume you mean like K nights. Yes, Travis.
Now like why don't we see beautiful starry nights? Homophones good every time. They show up as a joke.
The homophone tree is a giver. Ripe fruits on the homophone tree.
Why are we don't see nights in this day and age?
Maybe we do. Okay. Okay. Griffin.
Griffin, it's me, the cops. You legally can't interrupt your brother for the next two minutes.
Yeah. So Travis, maybe we do go on. Okay. I am saying.
Hold on. I'm looking at the timer. No bullshit. Go. I'm saying that maybe when you see
on like a BuzzFeed, like a man climbs outside a bridge to save like a puppy on like the leg of
the bridge or whatever it's called, the bridge holder, a man saved it and you're like, oh,
what good person. And I'm like, no, that person's a night.
And the person who put the dog there is an evil night.
Okay. Time in. I'm sorry. I made it a good 20 seconds to my great credit.
So there were a lot of things in there that you kind of showed that you didn't know about.
Okay. The bridge one is a gimme. Yeah. Yeah. The bridge is a gimme. I know that there's
bridge pillar. That's not right. Yep. Yep. That's it.
It doesn't feel right. Did they night them as a result of their actions or were they nights before?
They were nights before. Okay. That's why they had to save the dog. They were walking over in
the store. They see the dog down there and like, ah, damn it. And then they had to save the goddamn
dog. The evil night on his Google calendar had a thing that said get dog and then another
appointment right after that that said place dog gotten in previous GCAL entry on top of bridge leg.
And so this hope other night doesn't come along. Evil night walks under bridge and just like lifts
a dog up, puts it on top of the bridge leg and says, Ooh, that that's good. That's good stuff.
That's good evil there. I hope you're happy evil Jesus. I've done your bidding.
I am Justin. Good job, Justin. I'm proud of you again.
So how else does the dog get there? All right. We've had a lot of fun.
I'm up here turning wine into clamato. Walk on water. No, I walked on your mom's rug.
The one that's just for guests and I wore my shoes.
I found Lazarus and I killed him.
Some of the miracles of evil. Jesus. Sure.
Killing someone isn't really a miracle. Yeah, that's easy. They gave me five fish
and three loaves of bread and I scrum it down on that shit. Okay.
Listen, we all went to Southern Baptist Church for a long time. We can list out all the miracles.
Don't mean to brag. Why the fuck aren't there nights this day? Travis's shit was not real,
was not in the realm of realness. Well, there are. Doesn't the like Elton
John's a night, right? Aren't there moderns? I don't think he's the same kind of night.
No, he is. No, he is. He is. He is. If they go to war, the queen calls him up. It's like,
all right, strap up. Saturday night's all right for fighting. Let's fucking do this.
You made a fucking promise. It's go time, Elton. You're going to space to claim Mars,
rocket man. Prove it. What other songs? So tough. A lot of fun songs. You can use your father's gun
so he had another song called my friend. Take a crocodile with you. Sorry, Sir Elton. This is
the circle of life. This is the way these things go. From Lion King? Yeah. All right. Here's another
question. Whenever I'm invited to someone's house to hang out, I always bring some kind of food.
This feels like the polite thing to do in exchange for hospitality.
The problem is no one ever seems to eat what I bring. My chips and queso go ignored and I'm
left picking at it by myself. Oh man, I didn't read that part. That's so sad. Okay. So my question
is how can I enjoy these snacks without looking like I just brought them for myself or what can
I do to get my friends to enjoy these snackums with me? That's from eating alone in Austin.
This seems like a win-win to me. Either your friends enjoy your tasty meal or you get to eat
like a pound of queso. Yeah. Okay. If we're all being honest with ourselves. Then let's and let's.
When you present the queso, are you really selling it? Are you like anybody wants this?
That's it. No. Who wants this stinky shitty queso? Nobody?
Yeah. We didn't, I didn't see, like I said, I didn't see the part where you said you picked at
it. If you're holding it in your arms the entire time. Come get some queso. Does anybody want some
of this? Who wants to fucking wrestle me for queso? Come in for a chip hug. Yeah. There's
some parties that you bring food to. There's some parties that you don't, you can't just decide as a
guest that it's a party everybody's bringing food to. Sure. The host won't know. If I was a, okay,
there's a lot of foods that you can eat without knowing the contents of.
Queso is at the very bottom of the list. You start with queso, then you work up from there.
If I'm the host of this party, I'm going to see that and walk over to my friends like,
hey, I didn't, that's not my queso. I don't know. I don't know where that queso came from.
I wouldn't eat that queso. I don't know where it, in fact, I wouldn't even say I'm 100% sure it's
queso. It may not be queso. They don't make transparent cheese. What if they brought queso
and no chips? Surely you have chips somewhere. There's a whole bowl right there in front of you.
Look at it. The gelatinous sauce. Enjoy this cheese flavor.
Maybe it's just free queso. It has to be microwaved. Gross. Why is that gross? It is
gross though. No, you don't like cheese. It's raw queso is what you're saying. Where'd you put it?
There's tables where food can go that it is communal, but if you put it under the sink
and close it, no one's going to eat that queso. Okay. This is an excellent point because if you
walk in and you put it by the table by the front door where you keep your keys and mail,
if I walk in and saw queso, they're like, well, that's for trick-or-treaters.
They are going to a queso party after this party. That's not for this. No, that's for later.
If I saw it on someone's bedside table, I'd be like, oh, that's their nighttime queso.
Yes. Similar point. What are you serving it out of? Because if you're using it on something
from the Martha Stewart collection, like a nice oak tray with polished metal handles,
now we're hopefully a bowl also and not just sort of loose queso slip sliding around there.
Now we're talking. If you serve it out of a big toilet that you just got from the Lowe's
and you wheel in on a wheelbarrow or something. Do you remember for a period in the 80s when
everybody brought everything in Shed Spread Country Crock containers? Is that just our family? I guess.
I have a Yahoo here. It's from Merit Polymer. Thank you, Merit. It's a Yahoo answers user,
Al the Pal, who asks, why isn't my fruits and vegetable blog getting views?
I made a blog to talk about how I love fruits and veggies. Spent $150 to get it started. Sorry,
spent $150. Dollars? Somethings to get it started. Beans.
I made a deal with a guy for a cow. Spent $150 to get it started. I even made a recipe involving
putting cheese on broccoli. The ultimate sacrifice. You pour cheese. I hate to do this
to these good veggies, but it'll get the clicks. I can't believe I ruined the broccoli for this.
Yes. Sleep now, my sweet green prince. My grandma's broccoli. It's been in my family for years.
It's an heirloom. Broccoli. And heirloom tomatoes. I am not getting supporters. How to get popular.
They spelled it super wrong. Alert. I'd like to say something. Yes. It's this. S-E, okra.
Okay. Justin didn't know how he was going to get that one in.
I just wanted to say S-E, okra. Thank you. Because S-E-O is search engine optimization.
These people got it already, so y'all don't listen, okay?
Y'all go to the lobby, get yourselves a snack, and come back in 10.
Okra. Take it back. Hey, how the fuck did you spend $150 on your vegetables website,
my friend? Maybe it was in buying the vegetables.
What are you supposed to do? Have a vegetables website without any vegetables on it? Come on.
I'm imagining somebody with a van of potatoes. How many potatoes can I get for this many?
Just taking them and placing them around the modem like...
This is something. Go, go, go guys. Go, go.
Maybe they like vegetables too much. Screaming at the modem. I like these.
No, I guarantee this person paid like, I don't know, the cool neighborhood kid like $150 to
start them a vlog like they said they would. And they're like, how's the website doing?
And they're like, not a lot of clicks. I think I'm going to need another $20.
Can you give me another $20? Maybe they like vegetables too much on the blog.
Have you all noticed when you read a recipe for vegetables...
Do you want to do this at the stand line? No, they love vegetables already.
Do you ever notice when you read an online recipe for vegetables,
after they write 3000 words about how supportive their husband is, you get to...
You get to the part where they talk about vegetables and it's always like,
these tastes exactly like hot butter popcorn. It's like, I don't think so. Actually,
I don't actually think that, but it doesn't even feel guilty for not enjoying vegetables
as much as they do. So maybe this blog is like making people feel a little bit put on the spot.
I would pay $150 for a vegetable website where like the headline of the recipe is like,
do you want to make vegetables palatable? This is fine. This is as close to good as it...
Like it doesn't taste like hot butter popcorn, but it doesn't not taste like hot butter popcorn.
You all are missing the fucking point of this artist's website.
They're not making a blog about how to make tasty vegetables.
I made a blog to talk about how I love fruits and veggies.
It is a little narrow, narrowly targeted.
Hut, hail, hail, wary internet traveler. Greg again. This time, asparagus. Love to eat it,
but my pee. What? Little joke. Like and subscribe.
Like this post as much as I like asparagus. Next week, kiwifruits.
Spoiler alert, like them. How much? A lot. Teehee emoji.
That's the whole post. Damn it. I used all my content for next week.
I've burned it already. Anyways, support me on Patreon.
Thanks. I need to recoup some expenses.
Necessary expenses. Kiwis don't buy themselves.
That's right. Not yet. Read on.
I'm Jeff Bezos, and these are my new self-buying kiwifruits.
Why isn't anyone liking this blog? This is when I started to compete with Amazon.
All right. All right.
I don't know why I said all right. It's your turn to read a question.
I am a first-time plant dad. My hanging ivy has lived for about a year and a half so far.
I'm not sure how because I've not changed its soil since buying it.
All right. I was waiting to see what the reaction to that was because
I don't actually know if that's... I heard no gasps. Yeah.
I actually don't know if that's something or not.
Can I get a quick... Actually, before we move on,
can I get a quick round of applause if that's something?
Thank you. Okay, that wasn't enough for it to be a thing.
Wait, now stop. Can I get a quick round of applause if you have no fucking idea?
Okay, perfect. So, it sounds like it's something.
If I add those two together, I think that's literally everybody in here.
Okay. I've not changed its soil since buying it and I often forget to water it.
Potting soil is expensive and difficult to move when you walk everywhere.
They put that in parentheticals. Does not address the watering issue, but okay. Fine. That's fine.
Also, water is expensive? I have nothing.
No. However, on my route home, they are building a bowling alley.
A bowling alley with a few trees and planters.
My question is, how do I steal some of that sweet brown stuff
for my struggling plant son, Dirk Bandit in DFW?
Are you worried that someday your plant will find out?
I feel dirty.
Well, hey, are you here?
This is the best fucking short story I've ever read in my entire life.
When the bowling alley showed up, who here was like, okay?
Twist.
Are you taking the plant bowling? Fuck yeah.
Isn't there a Denzel Washington movie where his kid is sick and so he robs a hospital?
This is like that, but the stakes are down here.
Way lower.
I mean, here's an option. I mean, steal the dirt. Don't steal the dirt. You only go around once.
But one option would be to bring your plant son back to the bowling alley and plant them there.
If you love something, you got to let it go. And maybe this is...
You clearly are, if you'll excuse me, a delinquent parent.
I understand the soil expense issue. Fair enough. The watering thing is hard to get past.
Well, maybe there's a bowling alley employee out there with a heart of gold and a thumb of green
who can step in where you have so clearly fucked up.
I would also say if I was a landscaper who was like putting stuff in and I saw someone doing it,
I was like, hey, what are you doing? And they're like, I'm planting a plant here.
I'd be like, well, that's 10% less work for me to do.
Perfect.
Sounds great.
Excellent. Thanks for the help. Appreciate it.
Sounds great. Excellent. Thanks for the help. Appreciate it.
I mean, don't steal the dirt.
You would be the worst thing you go to prison for, by the way.
No, it's not you wouldn't go to fucking prison because it's dirt and you can't own that.
God owns it. But also...
We've all watched Pocahontas.
It is weird how if it's dirt is on the floor, it's like, ugh, God, clean it up.
If you put the dirt in a bag, that'll be $8. Like, why?
Yeah. Good point, guys.
You wouldn't go to jail for it. What would happen would be way worse.
The stigma associated with somebody seeing you rob dirt is some next level shit.
Hey, what are you doing?
And why?
I'm taking a sample. We've had reports in the area of ash beetles.
You're doing a really good job at this.
I'm testing this at home.
No, wait, my lab, my lab, my lab.
My home lab.
Do you really need that much dirt for your tests? You're taking a good wheelbarrow full there.
Hey, listen, if you are an expert on ash beetles, like me, Dr. Ash...
...Beetle...
...Steen...
...then you can do the rigorous testing.
Well, that all tracks.
Yep.
Anyway, another suspicion here.
Sounds good. Sounds good.
Anything I can do to help? You need any money?
Money? I just want to walk away.
Are you peeing your pants?
It's a different test.
It keeps the beetles away.
It's a different test.
It's a base level for the pH balance. I have to...
It's the control.
Hey, why are they building a bowling alley?
Hey, yeah, wait, huh?
It's 2018.
2018? All right.
I guess people here want more bowling alleys.
I'm not saying it's bad to have more bowling alleys.
I'm saying, aren't there enough bowling alleys?
To be fair, we do come from a city in West Virginia where there's at least
two empty, waiting-for-someone bowling alleys.
No, no, no, they closed down Colonial Lanes, didn't you hear?
But it's still there, right?
I mean, yeah, you can fucking bust in the windows and go bowling.
No, but that's what I'm saying is you don't need to build a new bowling alley
if you want to own a bowling alley.
You can clear away some of the ivy and bowl in there, I guess, if you want.
You can have the last of us bowling.
But if I say, like, this is my bowling alley now, I feel like it is.
Do you would like a Yahoo?
I'm becoming a Yahoo answer.
Um, yes.
Unless you want me to just...
The fucking audience even knows you're not going to let me get through it.
Throw your clothes onto the bed.
Oh, okay.
And wait for me by the tree.
I'm gonna swing, sing jingle bells to your head.
That's a Christmas to me.
That's a Christmas to me.
That's a Christmas to me.
Making love in the light of a tree.
That's a Christmas to me.
Okay.
Pass me a glass of that mulled wine.
Been 20 years since we've been like this.
And yet it feels oh so fine.
We're under the mistletoe, let's kiss.
That's a Christmas to me.
That's a Christmas to me.
You and me and a little bit of holly.
That's a Christmas to me.
So this is a segment.
This is a holiday special.
That was a fucking joke.
That was a fucking journey.
Yeah, I want to explore before we get into this great segment.
That's a Christmas to me.
Let's explore what happened.
I was a little thrown at the beginning when you said throw your clothes out of the bed.
Yeah, so you first I'll see you by the tree.
Yeah, Paul.
Paul, I need another drink.
Paul, if you can hear me, Paul, I need another drink.
Let's throw our clothes not just on the floor as we prepare to make love,
but do scoop them right under the bed.
By the way, we haven't done this in 20 years.
Thanks, Paul.
It's been 20 years since we've been like this.
You don't have to, you don't have to Tom Cruise and cocktail it for me.
I'll just blend it myself.
Thanks, old friend.
Okay, I'm just going to ride it out.
So in the segment, in the segment, that's a Christmas to me.
Travis, don't look at the iPad.
Don't look at the iPad.
It doesn't matter.
You wouldn't be able to tell.
In the segment, that's a Christmas to me.
I read the description of two Hallmark Christmas films that are real
and one that I created in my mind's eye.
Now, if you are a listener, my brother, my brother,
me not familiar with this segment, it's because it's one episode old.
So don't worry that you've missed a lot.
Technically speaking, it's one day old, but it's only a holiday segment.
So I got to get a lot in.
Yeah.
He can't do this and say, I don't know any other months of the year.
Right.
Okay.
So here we go.
And by the way, we're going to take a poll.
If you actually know the answer, please don't vote because it will spoil.
Okay.
Unlike a lot of elections, if you know the right thing, don't vote.
So first film is Switched for Christmas.
Switched?
Switched for Christmas.
Not a Switch for Christmas.
Just because they are identical does not mean these twins even like each other.
Estrange twin sisters played by Candace Cameron Brewer get together.
That's right.
Say that last name one more.
Candace Cameron Brewer.
Okay.
That's Candace Cameron's new name.
Candace Cameron Brewer.
Estrange twin sisters get together for an obligatory pre-Christmas lunch
a year after their mother's death.
Sorry.
Both women are unhappy and frustrated with their own lives, though not close.
Each is envious of the other's life.
It's a nasty Christmas movie.
What's a twin do but to take advantage of this?
And who would be the wiser?
They do what any identical twins in need of new outlets would do.
They swap lives until Christmas day.
That's a fucked up thing to say about identical twins.
And by doing so, each woman discovers the true meaning of her life
and gains a deeper perspective and appreciation for what she already had.
That's Switch for Christmas.
That sucked so bad.
The plot of it sucked and the way it was written was quite bad.
So I hope that one wasn't yours.
Also, I would say if that movie is real,
100% chance there's a scene with a husband involved of like,
hey, honey, let's make love tonight.
Oh, no, it's my twin sister's husband.
And that's in there, right?
Also, no disrespect, but nobody has ever said,
we're making a movie.
I would love to get Candace Cameron in it twice.
How is that supposed to be no disrespect?
Fairly disrespectful.
Can I move on?
Yes.
The next film is called A Shoe Addict's Christmas.
As Christmas approaches,
Noelle, played by Candace Cameron Bure,
is at a crossroads in her life when it seems that love,
a connection with her father, and her dream career are out of reach.
When she stays late at her job in a department store on a snowy Christmas Eve,
she accidentally gets locked in after closing.
She isn't too concerned about the prospect of spending the night in the store
until a quirky woman appears out of nowhere in the shoe department
and tells Noelle that she's her guardian angel.
Soon, Noelle finds herself revisiting Christmas's past, present, and future.
She must work with her new neighbor, a handsome, Christmas-loving firefighter,
to plan the annual...
How would you describe yourself in three descriptive terms?
There's a fucking Christmas tree in that apartment, no!
Not like this, Jesus!
Not like this, Jesus, God, who I love for Christmas!
The annual Christmas charity gala will,
visiting the holidays of yesterday,
and tomorrow, help Noelle take new chances and discover the true spirit of Christmas.
And in realizing the only thing standing in her way is leading a fulfilling life as herself,
will the love she has longed for all her life be the best surprise gift of all?
And that is a shoe addict's Christmas,
starring Candace Cameron-Burr and, as her guardian angel, Jean Smart.
Hmm. Hmm.
Last film. A tailor-made Christmas.
New York fashion designer Grace Preston, played by Candace Cameron-Burr,
isn't thrilled about spending the holidays in her tiny hometown of Charity Falls, Wisconsin.
But when the dress her step-sister Anna's Christmas Eve wedding is lost in shipping,
Grace is guilted into crafting a last-minute replacement by their overbearing mother,
played by Mary Margaret Hume,
who you'll remember, of course, from Dawson's Creek.
Ah.
Grace is making the best of a bad situation until she meets the best man at the right time.
And that's when she finds out she's the best man in the world.
Grace is making the best of a bad situation until she meets the best man at a pre-wedding luncheon
and learns it's none other than her high school boyfriend, Brad Phillips.
After a college football injury ended his dreams of going pro,
Brad turned his attention to Tailor Made,
a charity that provides handcrafted business,
sorry, handcrafted business attire to homeless men and women heading to job interviews.
Brad is kind, caring and intelligent,
but he's also put down roots in Charity Falls as Christmas Eve approaches.
Grace must choose between a life with Brad and following her dreams in the fashion industry.
Fuck.
These are three films.
I can't fucking believe one is not real.
One, those are all so good.
They're all really good.
They're all a Christmas to me.
I mean, not good.
No, they're quite bad.
Okay, listen.
They're all a Christmas to me, but I want to know which is the one that is a Christmas to me.
Should we take audience poll first?
No, I want to hear you two before they bias you.
The first one, Switch to Christmas, has to be real
because I know there's more than one of that exact movie that exists out there.
So if there's more than one, this is probably among the crew.
I have my guess, Travis.
But if I found two Candace Cameron Bure movies,
boy, a good punchline would be a movie with two of her in the same film.
That would be a good punchline.
No, no, no, no.
I'm okay.
I've got mine.
I got mine.
Okay.
I'm going to Shoe Addicts Christmas.
Mine is also Shoe Addicts Christmas is Fake.
Shoe Addicts Christmas is Fake.
I think there's a lot of diversion in there.
Like you say, oh, and it's got a Jane Smyrna.
We're going to take a quick poll from the audience.
The first we're just going to do just by cheers.
First film was Switch to Christmas.
Round of applause if you think that's fake.
Okay.
Second film was a Shoe Addicts Christmas.
Round of applause if you think that's fake.
Okay, thank you.
Our third film was A Tailor Made Christmas.
A round of applause if you think that's fake.
The film that I made up.
Well, actually Sydney made up mainly,
but I hope is A Tailor Made Christmas is a fake.
Switch for Christmas is real?
Switch for Christmas is so fucked
because one of the women has two children.
I can't deal with these idiots.
I can't deal with these idiots at Christmas.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm living at my sister Deborah's apartment
and loving it.
Hey, idiots.
Mom's gone.
Bye.
Enjoy my kids for Christmas.
Have you and Sydney thought about pitching movies
to the Hallmark Channel?
She's got a gift, honestly.
A lot of this is like, you know that scene
where Sally Aries like throwing the music around?
Like, how does he do it?
That's me typing these down when Sydney's like,
and then Candace Cameron Brewer is like,
this woman was, the mother of my children
was dictating scenes to me that would be in the movie
if she filled it out to a spec script.
She was like, there would fully be a scene
where her company is like,
good news, Bloomingdale's loves your new collection,
but they want to see more by New Year's Eve.
So we need you back here immediately.
And she would then have to choose.
The name of the city was Charity Falls, right?
Charity Falls, Wisconsin, yeah.
That should have been the giveaway.
No, I actually thought that was so Hallmark
that it was about a charity called Taylor Merck.
Bro, it's not a giveaway.
The woman in the last film is called Noel.
Like, it's not a giveaway.
They're all like this.
Half the towns in these fucking movies are Christmas.
Christmas town or Christmas city, Christmasburg.
I live in Christmas Eve town.
Hello, party people, and welcome.
Thank you for listening to this episode.
Travis, oh, Travis.
You've heard so much of it already.
Oh, help me, Travis.
Oh no, Griffin, what's wrong?
I busted my cut laughing at this great episode
and all the great jokes that we had at Austin, Texas.
I've heard of it, yes.
It's my favorite.
And so now we are going to tell you about our sponsors.
The tragic thing is I've clicked away
from where the list of the sponsors is.
Well, can I say, Griffin,
if you have injured yourself,
might I recommend laying down on this Casper mattress?
No, no, gotta go to the hospital.
Did you not hear me?
My tummy busted open, Travis.
I got sepsis.
Because I have found that when I am injured
and want to rest and recuperate,
well, there's no place better to do that
than my Casper mattress.
This is true.
The other day, and listen, I'm not a doctor.
The other day, my hand hurt really bad.
I think I'd injured it signing posters
and books and stuff at the Austin show.
So fucking bougie.
And I laid down.
I took a nap, half hour.
When I woke up, my hand was completely healed.
So I attribute that to-
Christ, Christ-like these mattresses are.
That's what I'm saying.
They're the Holy Ghost of mattresses.
Oh, that's great.
Thank you.
And you can check them out now.
They offer affordable prices
because Casper cuts out the middleman
and sells directly to the consumer.
Casper brand mattresses combine
multiple supportive memory foams
for a quality sleep service
with the right amounts of both sink and bounce.
It's eight sink and 14 bounce.
That's it.
Well, Griffin, you gave away a-
Oh, shit.
Secret family recipe.
And you can be sure of your purchase
with Casper's 100 night risk-free sleep on it trial.
So get $50 towards select mattresses
by visiting Casper.com slash brother
and using the promo code brother
at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
Can I tell you about some shops?
Yes, please.
Can I tell you about a little bit of stomps?
Please tell me about stomps.
Listen, it's the holidays
and around the holidays times
is when you must use stomps the most
on your boxes and your letters.
To Santa.
To Santa Claus.
He loves receiving your letters.
If you don't put stamps on them though,
he shreds them.
He shreds them.
You get put on the naughty list,
which is just a short walk to the hell list.
Yeah.
And also the no fly list.
Add the no fly list.
But if you put it on the,
if you put a stomps on the letters to Santa,
you get TSA pre-check.
Just like that.
So stamps.com is great.
It's very convenient.
I hate leaving the house for virtually any reason.
And stomps.com is there for me
because they have the technology
that they give to you
so that your house technically becomes a post office.
You got to be careful
because people are going to come to you
wanting to buy stamps.
And I think that's illegal for you
to open up a secret stamps resale market.
So maybe I shouldn't even mention
that possibility in this an advertisement for stamps.
It is convenient though,
because your breadbox will become a PO box.
So that's nice.
It is nice.
Anyway,
stamps.com can help save you a bunch of time
during the holiday season.
You can buy and print official US postage
for any letter, any package, any class of mail
using your own computer and printer.
Then the mail carrier picks it up
and you don't have to go to the post office.
You're going to save a bunch of time.
You're going to save a bunch of money.
Stomps.com is the best gift
you can give yourself this holiday season.
You can enjoy the stamps.com service
with the special offer
that includes a four week trial plus postage
and a digital scale without long-term commitments.
Go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother, all one word.
That's stamps.com.
Enter my brother.
This message is for Michael and it's from Rebecca.
Michael Felix says,
which in Bubba speak
means that we both love you
and your poopy butt bones a whole lot.
Hey, come on.
It's what it says.
Listen, some of us suffer from poopy butt bones
and you don't got to make it sound jovial.
That was a sad sentence, Travis.
Love you and your poopy butt bones a whole lot.
Thank you.
Thanks for letting me harass you all the time,
you sweet birdie.
Now, please remember to Febreze the bathroom
when you come out.
I mean, there's a lot in there.
Yeah, a lot about his poopy butt bones
and sort of the issues that Rebecca has with them.
But I guess now Michael's going to take that stuff
a little bit more seriously.
But who's Felix?
Who is Bubba?
Who are these characters?
It don't matter.
Here's one for Lewin
and it's from Taylor and Ginger who say,
happy 22nd birth from your...
Whoa, 22...
That's it.
You beat the Duggars, right?
That's a lot of births from your two best buds.
We've spent 16 of your birthdays together,
but I'm still sorry I missed the first five
and Ginger, the first 16.
You're a strong, beautiful, bespectacled bear
and one smart cookie.
Thanks for sticking with us in life and D&D
even though you forced Ginger to flirt with you
as a Southern fantasy sheriff.
We love you.
Have you been there, done that, huh?
Wait, was Ginger the fantasy sheriff or was Lewin?
I think all of them were.
I think they're doing a Deadwood,
but they're all playing the handsome man, you know, him.
I just think I would like to see this game
where a fantasy sheriff was like, flirt with me.
Deadwood was just sort of a bunch of nasty men
looking very sort of bedraggled,
but then the one handsome man does come to town
and it just goes around being all handsome.
I haven't seen all of the show,
but that's what I remember of him.
Are you talking about Timothy Amundson as the handsome man?
I'm talking about Timothy Olyphant as the handsome man.
So anyway, this is for nobody.
We can debate that later.
Sure, and Travis is gonna read the last one.
This is for Gabriel and it's from Kelly.
Happy all events and holidays
that fall in the first half of 2018.
Well, we missed that.
There is no one else I would want to share this crazy life with
whether it's going to Taiwan, a train trip to Texas
for the cotton bowl or yelling at the lions every Sunday.
I love you more than anything.
Oh no, they got lions outside their house, Griffin.
I know, but they read the right books
because yelling at them is the best way to fight the lions.
You gotta yell and you gotta make yourself look big.
Yeah, and you gotta yell stuff like,
oh hey, I hate lions, I hate them.
Oh, lions smell like poopy butt bones.
Can we not?
I'm so sorry, Griffin.
So I hope you all enjoyed these Jumbotrons
because they are the last.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
They are the last of the Jumbotrons.
Yes, we're changing shit up
and it's weird that we're doing this without Justin here.
But yes, we are going to stop doing Jumbotrons
both on My Brother, My Brother and Me and Adventure Zone.
We're gonna continue doing them on our other shows
because the reality of the situation
is that selling them on our shows
has become a very, very, unbearably difficult
and competitive and disappointing process
for virtually everybody involved.
And yeah, we've enjoyed doing them
and it's been a fun way to interact with y'all
as we keep going on.
But now we have lots of fun ways to interact with y'all
and so we are putting them to bed.
Now the Money Zone's gonna be a little bit tighter,
which I'm sure a lot of people are gonna be also excited about.
And yes, big programming update.
Also, thank you all for listening to the show.
You won't hear us again.
We have some big things coming up this week
so make sure you pay attention.
Oh shit, yeah.
Yeah, dude.
To the My Brother, My Brother and Me Twitter account
so you don't miss it.
For real, we say shit like that all the time.
It's going to be a pretty big week.
Again, I can't believe Justin's not here.
Yeah, so make sure you keep an eye on that
because there's some stuff coming up
and you can pre-order the Adventure Zone graphic novel
at theadventurezonecomic.com.
We did a lot of this shit at the end of the live show.
Let's just get back to it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, well, that's it.
Well, yeah, keep your eye locked on the Tweetos
and we'll catch you later.
Hi, this is Rachel McElroy.
Hello, this is Griffin McElroy.
And this is Wonderful.
It's a podcast that we do as we are married
and how's the ad going so far?
Because I think it's going very good.
We talk about things we like every week on Wednesdays.
One time Rachel talked about pumpernickel bread.
It was so tight you cannot afford to miss her
talking about this sweet brown bread.
We also talk about music and poems
and, you know, weather.
There was one, weather?
One time Rachel talked about Baby Beluga,
this song for like 14 minutes
and it just really blew my hair back.
So check us out on maximumfun.org.
It's a cool podcast with chill vibes.
Amber is the color of our energy
is what all the iTunes reviews say.
They will now.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by a lot of people.
Thank you everybody who got a hand on this ball.
It's from Yahoo Answers user NoSummertime who asks...
Oh wait, for Justin.
Why the hell don't I like potato salad?
I love potatoes, baked french fries, mashed hashbrowns,
grilled side dish things.
But the potato salad tastes like ass to me.
WTF is wrong with me.
It angers me and makes me want to punch someone in the face.
It's the mayonnaise.
It's the mayonnaise.
Justin says mayonnaise.
I buzzed in first.
It's the mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise tastes bad and things like that.
It's the mayonnaise.
It's the reason you don't like it.
It's cause mayonnaise is a weird thing to bind something with
and the reason you don't like it is the mayonnaise.
Come at me.
You didn't leave us much air to breathe in the bit zone.
Maybe it's not mayonnaise.
I mean, I do want to pitch this from Yahoo Answers user
who says there are lots of ways to make potato salad.
The one you have tasted probably wasn't very good.
No big deal.
Punching someone because you don't like potato salad is a bit over the top.
The only one at fault here is you for not liking it.
Punch yourself if you must.
Anyway, that's my new SNL character.
The guy that takes Yahoo Answers literally.
Well, the question asker really liked it
because they decided this was the best answer.
I love the idea of like tasting some food and like, I don't like this.
Don't blame that on anyone but yourself.
Yeah, I will say that Yahoo Answers user NoSummertime does not like potato salad.
They do like a slice of humble pie.
That's what they were served up.
They gobbled it down and said, you're right.
You know what?
You're right.
That was over the top.
I should not.
I'm the asshole.
I'm the one who tastes like ass now.
It could be the coldness of the potato.
You don't eat a cold potato most of the time, huh?
It's probably the mayonnaise.
It's just there's nothing else.
It's just that it's definitely the mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise is like a fish song.
Now hold on.
Listen really carefully because this part won't be in the show
because it won't be funny, but it's true.
Mayonnaise is like a fish song.
If you listen to Kill Devil Falls, right?
Or Free or any other great fish track on the album
and it's three minutes and 30 seconds long,
you're like, that was great.
Great song construction.
Great recording.
Fantastic.
You see it live.
It's 30 minutes long.
That's enough.
Thank you.
If you have a little bit of mayonnaise on a thing,
I don't remember sandwiches being this wet.
Welcome to the welcome.
It's not like sloppy sloppy,
but it's a little bit wetter than I remember.
It's a little bit indulgent.
And then there's like a line
and it's the seven minute mark of the Kill Devil Falls,
you know, Sioux City Falls, Iowa version of the song.
They've got them all on Spotify
and you listen to it for 17 minutes.
It's like, that's enough mayonnaise.
Hey Juice, are you real into fish?
Cause what the fuck, bud?
You got to tell us this shit.
It was improvisational comedy.
It wasn't.
You knew a lot about fish, friend.
You knew a lot about fish.
All right.
Here's the tip off that I pulled out on my ass.
I was talking about Kill Devil Falls
and I said Sioux City Falls, Iowa.
Okay.
So that was made up.
Anyway, too much mayonnaise.
After the whole Jimmy Buffet thing,
I don't know who to trust anymore.
Okay.
Okay.
I work at a local coffee shop
and over the last couple of months,
we've had a regular customer who comes in,
sets up his personal home office in the shop
and very loudly takes phone calls for his dental practice.
I recently noticed that he has four cell phones on him
at all times and uses all of them
to take these business calls.
Should I be concerned?
Is he involved in some sort of black market dental operation?
That's from Leave My Teeth Alone.
Being a dentist isn't like writing a screenplay, right?
That's not something you can just like post up
at a Starbucks and do it.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
You know what?
What do I know?
It's 2018.
Maybe they're an at-home dentist.
Thank you.
They do house calls.
They'll come.
Do you have a chair that reclines
and a good bright flashlight?
Good bright flashlight and teeth hooks.
I don't really have anything.
I don't have anything.
Do you have a toothbrush?
You have a toothbrush.
This is how I know you guys aren't dentists
because you can't just buy a dentist store
and then go in there and go in there with your chair
and the light and the metal thing
and open the door and say, I'm ready for teeth.
Yeah.
And then expect people to go.
You have to build your client base
through networking and...
And Patreon.
And Patreon and entrepreneurship.
And you have to build your client base before.
You have to say, would you be interested
in a value-priced dentist who's just learning
and cutting his teeth, if you will.
But I won't.
Hey, hey, hey.
But I won't cut your teeth
because I've only been in dentists for a week,
but I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to do that.
I know you don't.
I don't know much yet.
Yet.
Yet.
But I don't think I'm supposed to cut your teeth.
I do know this, teeth are mad hard.
I don't think you can cut them if you try.
I've heard a lot about drilling
and I plan on YouTubing that later
to see if I can find some tutorials.
I went to Home Depot.
The drill seemed pretty big.
So...
If I'm being honest, I wouldn't want that.
If you know of a...
This could sound silly, but like a dentist depot.
That would be funny to have the dentist
come to your house for the fourth time
and say, good news, got my own place.
You can come visit me there from now on.
Yeah.
I've got lots of old highlights magazines.
That would be the day I stopped going to that dentist.
Like what would be better than a dentist
who comes to your house?
A dentist who doesn't come to your house.
Fair.
I'll grant you that.
So we have some audience questions.
I want to keep talking about this fucking dentist.
Are you serious?
Yeah, we can't leave this guy alone.
Okay.
For a lot of mostly because what he's doing is illegal,
so we should keep an eye on him.
What, okay. The four cell phones.
Let's talk about that for a second.
One's for his mistress, probably.
And then the other three, we can talk about the...
I feel like he's probably calling other people
and saying like, hey, this is your dentist.
I got arrested for getting drunk in the job
and I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to teeth.
Drill right.
Drill right clean through someone's whole head.
So you should probably find a new dentist anyway.
I'm scared of teeth now.
I'm really scared of teeth.
I got a phobia now and I got to go.
Bye.
They have one phone that they call other dentists with
and they're like, hi, this is Timothy, dentist.
And I was asked, I'm doing a book report about dentistry.
Can you tell me where you get your tools
and also how you do every part of your job?
No, maybe their dental practice,
their dental middleman and somebody calls them
that you got it and then they call a dentist
and then they just hold the phones together.
Are you guys done yet?
Okay, sorry.
For 10 minutes, he sits in the corner
and makes his phone 69 and I don't know why.
What's that?
You need an orthodontist?
I got a third phone.
I put you on the party line.
Okay, so we will.
Well, let's do audience questions.
Yes, we have some picked out.
We do it.
We're doing it a new way.
Probably since the last time we were here in Austin.
Yeah, we're going to call some names and some seat numbers.
You're going to come on down to the microphones.
Can we get the spotlights down on the microphones
in three, two, okay.
Hey, what's up?
Hello.
Hey, who are you?
I'm Brooks.
Hi, Brooks.
So my question is my boyfriend keeps on going
into the pantry and grabbing handfuls of fettuccine uncooked.
I would hope he's not grabbing handfuls
of cooked fettuccine, Brooks.
In your pantry?
No, and eating them raw and he keeps calling them chips.
Okay.
How do I make him stop?
Is your boyfriend here?
Yeah.
You're a monster.
Words mean things.
Does anybody remember?
I haven't been to Olive Garden in many moons,
but they do have like a little like fettuccine bottle
that you can just grab them out of and shoot.
Hold on.
Was this a prank you guys pulled on me
when we went to Olive Garden as kids?
No, stop.
Everybody shut up.
Do they give you raw fettuccine to chew on
in the lobby of the Olive Garden?
You fucking bastards.
The prestige.
And now you have IBS.
I did.
We got him.
What I need you, Brooks, we'll get back to you.
What I need you two to understand is
that was not the only time I went to Olive Garden.
There were...
Were there never employees around?
I, wanting to seem like an authentic metropolitan diner,
would always grab the fettuccine
and walk over to my friends like,
yeah, I'm a little peckish.
I can't believe you did that.
I can't believe literally I'm finding out
in the worst imaginable venue.
Speaking as a former Olive Garden employee,
if I saw a little kid eating raw fettuccine,
the odds of me stopping them are negative 1000%.
Okay, Brooks.
Brooks.
Brooks, yeah, so I'm gonna sit this one out, Brooks.
Brooks, is it possible that your boyfriend
has been laboring under the same delusion
as my brother for all these years?
Oh, wait, they sell this for you to take home?
Okay, a little fancy for myself then.
Brooks, is it possible your boyfriend does not
believe these are chips,
but instead likes to annoy you by calling them chips,
a thing I, not exactly that,
but similar, do to my wife all the time?
Is it possible your boyfriend loves chips
and you never have chips
and this is his way of passive-aggressively
sort of guilting you into going,
these are tasty chips.
And as a raw fettuccine eater myself,
I can tell you it's not a good chew.
You do it and you put it in your mouth
and your six-year-old brain thinks
it'll turn the fettuccine in the heat of your mouth.
It doesn't work like that.
It doesn't work like that.
It just doesn't work like that.
Brooks?
Yes.
Did you eat all your boyfriend's chips?
No, but he does bring that up
every time he loudly crunches on them next to me.
Brings what up?
That I don't have any chips.
Okay then, Brooks, that's the answer.
All right, Brooks, we've got to buy this.
We've sold it.
You've got to buy some chips, Brooks.
Somewhere in this audience,
Brooks' boyfriend is going, yes.
And now I shall have chips.
Follow-up question.
I don't know where to get chips from.
Have you ever seen your boyfriend
with a pot of boiling water
cutting the bristles off a broom into it
saying we're out of fettuccine?
Oh, Brooks, here's what you do.
Have you ever seen this boyfriend,
plug your ears.
Okay, go buy a bag of chips.
Dump them all in the garbage.
Put some raw fettuccine in it.
Put a chip clip back on it.
Put it back in the pantry and wait.
And he's going to think he's in like
a weird Twilight Zone episode
where there have never been chips.
Never been chips.
Wait until-
And then what's that you're boiling?
Doritos.
Yes, yeah.
Wait until your boyfriend starts making fettuccine
if you're real and walk over and smell the pop
and say, mm, chip soup.
My favorite.
Delicious.
Does that help?
Yes.
Okay, good.
Thank you.
Please go ahead.
Luke, what's up?
Luke.
Hey.
Hell yeah.
Get casual with that mic.
I really enjoy your question.
Thank you.
First of all, Luke Baker,
sophomore at School of Mass Communication
and Journalism at Texas State University.
Yeah.
Is this your LinkedIn?
Yeah, but I gotta tell you,
that shit's broken bad for us in the past.
I thought you were going to be like,
my SoundCloud is-
Just ask the question, Luke.
I will warn you,
if you're about to do that,
the last time it happened,
the person was booed so hard
they sunk into the mantle of the earth.
Let that be a lesson to all of you.
It was fucking brutal
and I loved every second of it.
We will do nothing to stop it.
We will do nothing to stop it.
Thank you for warning me.
So my question is,
what is charcuterie?
Because-
You don't need to clarify beyond the earlier-
I would be interested to see why.
That word's been kind of haunting me
for the past month.
I've just heard it so many times.
Where?
Just like in passing-
Menus though, right?
Right?
Not just like on park benches and stuff.
I don't-
Dude, just like in casual conversation,
I've never really had the heart to like,
be like,
okay, what is that?
So I figured you guys would-
Do you have any,
any gl-
Don't you fucking lie to me, Luke.
How much do you actually know about charcuterie?
Literally nothing at all.
Okay, Luke.
Let me take a crack at it.
It's cheese and meat.
All right.
Well, but also sometimes it could be almonds
and it can be almonds and it could be a pickle
and it could be jam of some sort.
Honeycomb is sometimes on there.
It can be crusty bread.
I think it's whatever the fuck they got laying around.
Yeah.
It's a fancy word for leftovers.
That are easy to make.
If it took work to make little ones,
that's an appetizer or an hors d'oeuvre.
If they just cut up something from Pepperidge Farm,
that-
You got charcuterie going, my friend.
What's the one with the little vegetables?
What's that called?
A plate of little vegetables is called-
Crudite.
Crudite.
Crudite.
Crudite is vegetables.
Charcuterie is cheese and meat.
Charcuterie has vegetables on it too sometimes.
Listen, let's dial in.
Let's start with what isn't.
What isn't charcuterie?
A car, a truck.
A child's laughter.
Child's laughter.
That's where we breathe.
The stage I'm sitting on.
A dream of your grandparents.
Yes.
A memory of summer's past.
These things-
Well, wait.
A memory of summer's past could be charcuterie.
Yeah, my grandma made the death of charcuterie.
Also, your grandparents might've dreamed of charcuterie.
I don't know-
And a child might be laughing at charcuterie.
Okay.
That's some funny charcuterie they'd say.
When a bread becomes too hard to safely consume,
it is now charcuterie.
When a thin meat is deemed too flavorless,
it has become charcuterie.
And room temperature.
When a cheese has been deemed to be too flavorful,
now it's charcuterie.
Are you following me?
I get it.
There's imagine...
When you go and you have to work at a restaurant,
you go get your food handler's license,
you learn about the safe range of temperature.
Yes, the danger zone.
There's a secret gauge they don't tell you about,
and it is when does bread become so hard,
now it's charcuterie, baby.
And also, it should be clear,
these can't be loose things.
One piece of bread is not charcuterie.
One piece of cheese is not charcuterie.
One piece of meat, no.
Put it all in the same area.
Maybe it's like a hunk of wood.
Or maybe it's a stone slab.
Maybe it's someone's face.
I don't know.
Now it's charcuterie.
Another big determining factor.
If it costs $30, that's a charcuterie.
That's a charcuterie.
If it's complimentary...
The $6 offering at Applebee's is a ham party.
Or, as it's called on the menu, a ham slam.
A ham slam.
That explains so much,
because the reason I was pitching myself earlier
is because I'm not worth $30 yet.
So...
Yes.
No, no, no, don't all that.
That's a fucking goal.
That's an aspiration.
I remember the first time I ate charcuterie,
I went, oh, that cheese is...
Wow.
I went, taste that, taste that, taste that.
It's really pungent, huh?
But I've made it.
Because it was $30 that I had.
That's the thing.
Charcuterie is like the noted excess of food.
Because it's literally like, hey,
do you want a delicious appetizer?
Or like a plate of actual food you're gonna eat?
No, no.
Give me a big hunk of wood with some leavens on it.
Sure.
For $30!
For $30.
If you run, if you own a...
I know this is a food scene, Austin.
I know it because I live here.
If you're a restaurateur, restaurant owner,
please Christ do this,
because it's the best idea I've ever had in my life.
If your restaurant sells charcuterie,
and it costs $30,
it's got flavorless ham and stinky cheese on it.
It should also come with a sticker that said,
I had charcuterie today.
They put that on you.
You go to any job interview in the fucking city.
What are your qualifications?
I have $30 to throw around.
My teeth are hard enough to chew through the firmest breads.
Luke, does that help?
That helps me immensely.
Thank you so much, guys.
Thank you, Luke.
All right, and thank you.
Yeah, we got one more.
Yes.
Hello.
Hi.
Hey, what's your name?
Camille.
Hi, Camille.
Camille.
Hi, so my question, I guess, was,
at work a while ago,
we were all kind of reminiscing about how fun college was
and fun stuff we do with our friends.
And I told my coworkers about the inside joke,
me and my best friend,
who we lived together for three years,
had where when one person would come home,
whoever was already at home would pretend they had died.
And when you find your best friend's dead body,
you have to react like you fell, excuse me,
found and murdered.
Camille got worked up for a second.
It's hilarious.
Yeah, sure.
My coworkers did get really weird though.
Well, because here's-
No, what's your question?
I just, I know they think it's weird,
but they tried to laugh it off like,
oh, yeah.
Was that also because human beings are awkward?
Oh, yeah.
Camille, let me say this.
I don't think the game itself is weird,
but the thing that struck me about it
is the chance that you would get halfway through
doing a very dramatic like,
oh, oh no, oh God, wait.
Oh, ah, fuck.
Yeah, that's a game you win until you lose.
And then you ain't gonna win it again.
But you will get A's for the rest of the semester,
which is nice.
I've heard that.
I don't know.
I just heard it in a movie.
I mean, it's like a fun game between us.
We both know we're playing it.
I'll say this more than once.
In your defense, everybody here,
when you heard about the rules of this game,
you may say out loud, oh, ghoulish.
I want everybody to just round of applause
if your mind didn't immediately start racing
of the scenarios you had concocted.
Yes.
Right.
Yes.
So maybe, Camille,
the reason that your coworkers reacted like that
is because they were distracted
thinking about how they would fake being dead later.
Yeah, how they wish they had done it
because it sounds fun.
Yeah.
Oh, I would just wrap myself up in mummy stuff.
That would get a good scare, wouldn't it?
I would put a whole pile of me
underneath a magician's trick.
Like the prestige.
You got me again, Justin.
It's a lot of expense and it's worth every penny.
I'm going to have to talk to Nikolai Tesla.
I would get one of my bones out of my body
and just sort of put it on the kitchen counter
and then stay at a hotel for a month.
I would slowly, over many months,
collect some pints of my own blood
until I have enough to fill the whole house.
I would stab myself with a knife, but a bat stab.
Wait, bat in...
That looked good.
That looked like, oh, he dead.
But I wouldn't be dead and it would just be...
I would miss the liver by an inch.
I would kill my twin.
Yes.
Androids.
That's the end.
Camille, does that help?
Your game kicks ass.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, Camille.
Thank you.
Your game is awesome.
And you, Austin, are awesome.
Thank you so much for being so kind to us.
We really appreciate it.
You can turn the lights off.
You can turn the lights off because it's terrifying.
You want to shut them off?
Couple of things real quick.
First, if you haven't already,
there's posters out on the lobby that...
Listen, we have a lot of really amazing designers
that we work with for the live shows.
This is one of the...
It's fucking so good.
They did a great job and you should support her.
Similarly, there's some copies,
if you haven't got one already,
of both the Adventure Zone graphic novel book one
and the Sawbones book out in the lobby.
Maybe.
They're signed.
So if you want to check those out, you can do that.
Thank you to...
I was commenting on this backstage.
I do not know that I've ever performed on a stage
where I have seen so many shows beforehand.
This theater and ACL in general fucking rules this city.
It's so lucky to have it.
I am lucky to...
I'm lucky to live in Austin because of this place.
I've seen more concerts here than any other place in my life.
So the fact that we're performing on the stage is buck wild.
It's a beautiful theater.
Thank you all so much for having us.
Thank you to American hero, Paul Sabourin.
Thank you to Paul.
Paul.
Please enjoy the music of Paul and Storm.
Thank you Rock on Tour, Clint McElroy.
Yeah, for your great work.
Thanks to Wonderful, a fantastic podcast
that you should enjoy if you do not already.
And thank you to our various family members
who weren't included in the two previous things we just said
for being here to support us and travel with us
and do the shows and everything.
I have one last one.
Every year our listeners get together
and there's this list called Empty Stockings
that Huntington, West Virginia,
newspaper Herald & Spatch puts out.
And it is all the people who have things
that they wishes for Christmas
for kids that aren't going to have anything.
And every year our listeners look at that list
and burn it to the ground.
They fucking destroy it.
Generosity.
And that was a weird way of putting it.
But if you can help with that.
I'm going to fuck that list up.
If you can help with that,
MBAMangels.com is the place to go.
You can claim a gift.
You can donate money.
Whatever you can do really means a lot.
When we say wish list,
we mean stuff like they need socks.
Yeah, socks or a mattress or stuff.
I wasn't going to get into it
because it's kind of like a live show
and I want everybody to have a great time.
But yeah, I mean, it is very sad.
Thank you, Travis.
Poverty is sad.
Hey, who wants a final Yahoo?
It's a real ripper.
Yeah, fart it out, bud.
We thanked everyone.
John Roderick.
John Roderick and Max Fun.
Y'all got it.
Good work, y'all.
Let's rip it up with a funny fucking final Yahoo, baby.
James Cockwell sent this in.
Thank you, James.
It's Yahoo Anonymous.
Yeah, Yahoo.
So I'm going to call him Bill Asks.
Is buying calcium enriched milk like bone insurance?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother.
Make kids your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hey, it's Janet Varney of the JV Club podcast, and I am so excited to be joining Maximum Fun.
If you're not yet familiar with the JV Club, it's a podcast with me and some of my favorite women
and, in the summer, men, as we explore the highs and lows of our terrible teenage years
into our adult lessons.
For example, hear about Alison Breeze's humiliating moment at a gymnastics competition,
experience the shame of a knocked-out tooth with Jamila Jamil, or drop in as Jon Hamm
imagines what would happen if Bambi met Godzilla.
So join me and all my once-awkward, often-still-awkward friends every Thursday
by subscribing to the JV Club on Maximumfun.org.
