The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Let's just jump right into it, guys. Dear Abby's dead, and what do we do now?
Where do we go from here? There's lots of really terrible direction that we could take this goof,
but I'm actually, like, super sad. I feel like a pioneer is gone.
We do a super sad podcast, but a sad advice podcast is what shows up in our iTunes description.
Are we to mock the passing of a titan?
One of my favorite Dear Abby columns came from 1979. I thought this was the best way
to remember her before we moved on to some of the actual goofs. She received a letter
written by a fan of hers who was complaining about a gay couple who had moved into her
neighborhood, and the letter writer said that they have all sorts of strange company.
Men who look like women, women who look like men, blacks, whites, Indians.
Yesterday, I even saw two nuns go in there. How can we improve the quality
of this once respectable neighborhood? And her reply was, you could move.
I know, like in three words, she just took somebody apart in what usually takes us
15 to 20 hours to put together.
That's good, man. She probably got shit like that all the time, right?
Oh yeah.
My black president, who I hate, is trying to take all my guns and liberties away.
Why does that guy, that fella, if I may, I don't want to get too incendiary here,
but why does that fellow want to take my guns?
Right?
Mine are first, listen, listen, listen. My AR-15 is a modern musket, and I use it for one,
let's shut up. I use it for one thing, and that's sport. And the sport I like is hunting the homeless.
And so Obama wants it. I'm trying, it's a modern muskem.
I just want to know why does he actually want to take my real factual musket away?
Why does he want to take my decorative musket?
I bought this blunderbuss at an auction. It is mine, damn it.
It wouldn't look as goo with a shorter capacity magazine, idiot.
Right, right. Keep your hands off my novelty cannon. Leave my musket alone,
and also stop trying to steal my musk. That's my fragrance. I worked on it with Jean-Pierre
LaPierre, and it has sandalwood and notes of tobacco and longing, and please don't steal my
musk. Please, it's my modern musk, Obama.
Does Obama want to take my stank away?
Why does, please don't take my modern musk, Obama.
The Third Amendment defends our stank. Defends our right to hold stank without quartering
enemy soldiers. I think that's number three.
I've seen a lot of hostage movies, and I've learned one thing, and that's if
someone is gathering up a bunch of guns, that means they're about to lead an assault.
Oh my god, yeah.
They're like, I need all your guns. I'm going to rescue my nephew,
dumb Ricky, from the hospital that he's captive in.
I got to tell you, Justin, with the flu that you have, clearly,
and by the way, listeners, Justin has a flu, if you sounded just a little more belligerent,
you already have this sort of death rattle voice of Alex Jones,
so you could really drop some science on our listeners.
Hey, listen, everybody, do you own any gold?
Why not, you retards?
We trade goops for gold.
We trade goops for gold here on the My Brother, My Brother Me show.
Hey, listen, coming up after the break, we got a brand new set of knives.
These are pearl-handled.
You're going to be able to pick up three of these for $17.99,
and after the break, a samurai sword also.
It's going to look real great on your mantle,
or your modern musket used to hang before Obama took it away.
Now, let me ask, is Alex Jones also like a CBS-
Alex Jones hosts the Knife Show.
Okay.
Yeah, Alex Jones hosts the Knife Show.
I realized as I was doing that goof that I really don't know anything about Alex Jones,
except he thinks everybody should have a water purifier in their apartment,
and then I decided to transition seamlessly,
at least it was seamless until you pointed it out,
seamlessly into the guy that runs the Knife Show, which I love.
I love that guy.
Okay.
You're going to be able to buy 70 knives for $30.
What is the situation?
That is a lot of knives for a very low amount of money.
I want to practice throwing knives into the river.
But I don't want to walk over and retrieve them.
Now, see, my joke was the river.
You should have let me finish my joke.
I think you were crossing-
Let me try again.
Ah, Jesus.
I'm going to throw my knives, and I want to practice throwing knives into the river.
This episode of My Brother, My Brother, Me is sponsored by Theraflu,
which if you take too much of it, you are just going to fucking trip your ass right to the moon.
I live in a van down by the river.
You guys hear that one?
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
A van down by the river, Mount Folly.
Travis, do you think we should-
Should we start...
A, should we take control of the podcast, and B, should we host some sort of intervention?
I would take control of the podcast, Griffin, but Obama took my guns away.
You want control of this podcast, you're going to take it by force.
You can pry this podcast out of my cold, dead fingers.
Uh, here's a question.
I have a first date coming up.
I recently found out, however, that the girl I'm going out with
has a Twitter account where she live tweets all her first dates.
Oh, what the fuck?
I haven't followed her, and my account isn't public,
but I do have the address and all signs point to her not knowing slash not caring that I can read it.
She's tweeted some about me already.
We're going to dinner and a concert.
Should I discreetly follow the play by play and act accordingly,
or should I ignore it in hopes that I won't throw off my game?
That's tempted by Twitter.
Are you kidding me?
The fucking worst thing I've ever heard.
What are we doing?
So is this like she just does it, or like she's doing it as like a project?
It sounds like, it sounds like this is her social media presence.
Yeah, it's awful.
You're the worst person.
But no, the worst person is the person who didn't include her username so I can follow her.
Yeah, that's that's a great point.
I mean, I would I would do that.
Don't get me wrong.
I would do this for entertainment, but it's like,
this is the same reason that you don't date a dark a Kardashian is because you don't want the
you don't want that to be your whole life.
You know, exactly right.
People forget how good you are at football or rapping.
That's the only thing that's keeping me from doing that.
Other than the fact that I'm very happily engaged.
And also I still don't know what and who the fuck those people are and what they did.
I would also like to point out I mean, I know that this wasn't the point of the question.
But this means that when this girl goes on a first date,
she's constantly like typing on her phone.
Maybe she goes on a lot of first dates.
At least you'd know like right when you like like like you
I'll order for the lady.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, coming out.
You accidentally like flip around and kind of mustard on to her and she
whips the phone out.
You're like, okay, I did deserve that one.
You got me.
Can you just be like having dinner with her and be like,
Hey, would you mind putting your goddamned phone away?
So I can like try and form a personal connection with you and maybe later get some touch
here in the wilderness of human civilization.
Two people have found each other and you're marking the occasion by like
play by playing it tweet by tweet.
I also would suggest like, listen, I'm not one to to to poo poo something before
you even give it a shot.
But this girl sounds awful.
Is that just me?
She doesn't sound like very, very cool or fun.
I mean, it could be cool and fun.
We don't know unless we read those those tweets.
Is it possible that she's dating you?
Is it possible that she's dating you because like a one girl in the in that boy meets world
episode, Topanga, no, Cory's mom, no, the Alanis, Cory's dad, Morgan, Morgan one, Morgan
two, the one who had a songwriting career about Cory's brother, Larissa Olenek.
Okay, right.
And she needed to date him again.
I feel like you guys are kind of I'm trying to get a black one, you know, the only one
there weren't the one black person on Boy Meets World.
No, to be fair, there were two.
There were two black people.
There was the teacher in season one who was not asked back.
Oh, shit.
Anyway, what were you saying, Justin?
There was one on there that dated Cory's brother.
Uh, and he treated her badly and she got a hit song out of it.
Okay, I give up.
Potato.
I quit.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I quit.
Was it potato?
I think she's dead.
I think she's going out with you for more material.
That's what I'm saying to you.
This is what I'm dating you for material as somebody who works on and broadcasts pretty
much exclusively on the Internet for the way that they make money for a living.
Why does this person feel like the medium for this broadcast has to be live?
Is their audience like, it's eight o'clock on Friday, time to tune into those tweets?
It's not like an old-timey radio show.
Why can't she fucking wait home and then write up a blog post and try and make an honest?
Who remembers anything, though?
I don't remember anything that happens unless I tweet it.
And also, can you imagine being the dude who reads the field report later, where it's like,
so here's how it went down.
And you're like, oh, man, I thought I did good.
I did bad.
I thought I did a real good job.
I thought I did a real good job. Best way to build your presence is probably to bomb the
date, because then you're going to get a lot of people following you.
If your date's good or unremarkable, it's going to be a non-starter.
But like, if you completely bomb it.
Just compulsive, memetic behavior.
Yeah, unless you have the greatest date anyone has ever had ever.
Now, listen, you're really going to have to pull out all the stops and really commit to this.
But you could be Twitter famous for having the best date ever.
Everybody has been trying to have the best date ever for a thousand years.
Listen, I'm not saying the mods aren't stacked against him.
I'm not saying it's not going to be an uphill climb.
He'll show up to the dinner with like a ukulele and he's like, that's for later.
He'll have two jackets so he can put one around you and also one over that puddle that you can step over.
The greatest first date ever was already had by John Cusack, Kate Beckinsale and Serendipity.
Let that ship sail.
You're not going to beat him.
Or recreate Serendipity, but don't tell her what you're doing.
Isn't that sort of against the spirit of the film Serendipity?
What if she hasn't seen Serendipity and her followers realize before she does
that he is just recreating the film Serendipity?
Holy shit, you have to secretly be tweeting about the date also
that you are goofing her on on a faux Serendipity switcheroo.
Oh my god, that, I mean that's a little played out.
Yeah.
I got another question for you.
Okay.
I have a problem.
My boss is super long-winded and he's super on my case.
Some of his points are valid, but it's as if he will not stop speaking on his own volition.
He'll circle the same point over and over again, repeating things he said in past conversations
or just minutes ago.
I don't think I've ever had a one-on-one with him that was under 20 minutes.
They're usually closer to 40.
There's never more than five minutes worth of information.
He is my boss and I can't tell him to shut his goddamn yapper.
Need some tips and tricks.
That's from Karma Tornado.
I have never understood when people have this complaint.
It's like they don't realize that in the 40 minutes where your boss is telling you
things to do, you're not having to do anything.
That's a 40 minute.
You're trying to remember the lyrics to a Dave Matthews Band song.
That's right.
You don't have to work when your boss is talking to you.
It's like a little vacation in the middle of the day.
Yeah.
We used to try to get my friggin' algebra teacher to tell us about the Civil War.
Oh, man.
Because if you could get him to talk about that, Mr. Sheets would go on a whole class
period on that topic.
I would also suggest this phrase.
I'm going to stop you right there.
You've inspired me.
Okay.
I'd just be like, I have to finish this project now, Frank.
Thank you.
Listen, Frank, you've put the wind, the proverbial wind, beneath my wings.
I really need to fly now.
I feel like I need to fly on my own.
Can you give me a coffee?
Are you my boss?
Because Justin forgot the question.
Listen, Frank, this back's not going to rub itself.
Listen, Frank, please just drive the cab, Frank.
Man, I really, I'm lost.
What are you, are you, did you take like cold medicine or dilaudid?
What are you on?
I took, here's what I'm on.
I'm on Tamiflu, which I heard some hubbub about back when the superflu was like a real fear.
So I'm on Tamiflu.
I'm on dextromethorphan.
That's not, you just, what?
That's going to decongest me.
I'm on, Mucinex DM has that in it.
And it's got a cough suppressant and something to just loosen it up.
And then I'm on some ibuprofen and some zinc, which for me, when I have a hard hit of zinc,
it's like, it feels like my brain is a balloon and I have to pull its string down to earth
to grab the balloon and whisper in its ear.
I actually know that to be a fact.
That is not a goof that Justin is coming up with right now.
I remember that being a problem Justin had in high school.
The zinc gets you fucked up?
Zinc gets me messed up.
I'd really lose it on zinc.
I lose, I lose whole seconds.
I fall out of time.
But this is like, why would you take it before we do the show instead of just playing through
the pain like fucking Curt Schilling in the bloody sock?
This could have been your bloody sock of comedy.
But this is weird.
I've also drank a lot of beers before this too, so I mean.
Am I the only one that is substantly, I'm actually, I'm sorry, I'm on crack,
I'm on crack cocaine right now.
You smoked crack?
Crack cocaine.
Hey, can you give us a Yahoo answer?
Sure, I can.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Matt R. Thank you, Matt R. It's by Yahoo answers user.
Is it any relation to Chris R?
Yes, it's Chris R's little brother.
Thank you, Matt R. It's by Yahoo answers user.
Rose is a vander.
Who asks, is it wrong that I sleep with a machete?
I sleep with a machete every night in case I wake up in the morning and I'm forced to survive.
I keep two lighters with me unless I'm at school and occasionally carry a dagger in my boot.
My mom is threatening to take away all my stuff
because having the weapons only feeds my fear or government.
That's probably fear of government.
But when I have my machete, I'm not afraid of anything.
She just can't see that something is going on in the world.
She doesn't understand that I don't feel like I'm here to have kids and start a family.
I feel like I'm here to fight and die for my loved ones.
I just don't see how it's wrong to be ready for a disaster.
I don't want to wake up and have the house falling apart and I die trying to get my stuff together.
Is he saying literally, like is he going to fight an earthquake with his magic machete?
Can I hit you guys with a proverb and you let me know if it seems wise to you?
Because in my head right now it seems really wise.
Throw your wisdom spaghetti against our wall and we'll tell you what's next.
Let me just see what it says.
And then we'll say, you wasted that spaghetti, what the fuck?
I'm not saying you're going to want to like cross stitch this on something,
but I think there's a nugget of truth there.
The man who sleeps with a machete is a fool every night, but one.
Think about that for a second.
You know what?
I am going to get that stitched onto a pillow.
Or your arm or something.
Just like stitch it, I feel like.
I also, I don't want to get too deep here,
but I would also say that every morning when you wake up, you're forced to survive.
Damn it.
Can I try?
Can I try?
Yeah, yeah.
The world is a little bit brighter when you carry a smile for a flashlight.
God damn it.
Can I try again?
Let me hit you with another one.
Okay.
Okay.
Life is like a box of chalk.
Get out, we were doing so good.
We were doing so good.
Oh wait, okay.
How about this one?
Okay.
The man who sleeps with a machete is a cut above the rest.
That wasn't a proverb, it was just like a pun.
I think it was.
I think it was.
That sounds like the sign you put outside of your machete store.
Well, okay, to be fair, my machete store, a cut above, is thriving.
Thank you very much.
Can I try?
Yeah, you want to try again?
There are holes in the floor of heaven and mama's tears are raining down.
What?
That's from the country song, Holes in the Floor of Heaven.
All right.
Feed Jake.
He's been a good dog.
Been my friend right through it all.
Don't take the girl.
Mama, God please, don't take the girl.
Can we just do Tim McGraw songs for this?
Listen, hey pretty lady, won't you give me a sign?
That's John Michael Montgomery.
I don't mean to put you on blast, but it's John Michael Montgomery.
Guys, listen, prop me up beside the jukebox if I die.
Okay.
You know?
Water.
If you guys want to pursue this.
Let's all go down to the Dumas Walkers.
Trump's going to be able to procure a slaw dog, fries, and a bottle of ski.
And then you can bring it on out to your baby and ye.
Three people just lost their shit.
Yeah, and all of them are in the Kentucky Head Hunters.
Okay, I'm so flattered.
So flattered you guys are listening, by the way.
Okay.
I have friends in Austin.
I went on a fucking doomsday preppers bender over the holidays.
And when I got back to Austin, I was hanging out with my group of friends.
Yeah, and there's this show, Doomsday Preppers.
They build secret lairs and they buy a bunch of shit and prep for the end of the world.
Isn't that crazy?
And pretty much all of them either, the two responses I got were, we have that, yes.
Or we are in actively in the process of acquiring those things.
So you think that like everybody is secretly doomsday prepping?
I feel like I'm the only person who like when shit goes rough,
when shit starts to pop off, Quetzalcoatl makes his tardy appearance.
Like everybody on my street is just going to like iron shutters are going to slam over
their door and be like, where's our fucking iron shutters?
Why didn't we get those?
I went to New Year's Eve.
I went to dinner at like a fancy, very fancy restaurant.
And they did this thing where after we ate,
they took a razor or like a long, thin metal blade and scraped it over our table.
So we would not have to, our vision would not be besmirched by crumbs anymore.
Or I say that because if that's still going on in society,
like I think we have a pretty long way to fall before we're back to like machetes.
Like if that's the first thing that goes and then it's like,
I have to reach the adjacent table to get a bottle of ketchup.
Like that's our apocalypse.
Like I don't think we have so far to break down before that.
Like I think I'll see it coming.
Justin, the point you're trying to make right now seems so innocuous.
But what you're really saying is that you have become accustomed to a level of comfort
where if you don't have a man who scrapes the crumbs off of your table,
so you don't have to look at the crumbs from the expensive, delicious food you just ate,
you might as well be fucking dead.
You might as well just like, you might as well just lay down and wait to die.
That's not the exact point I was trying to make.
But I mean, I think that that's fine.
If you, I would prefer someone next time scrape the crumbs off myself
because then it's like there's a clean table and a crummy guy.
And it's like, how did that happen?
I don't have a good excuse.
But did you come into this restaurant with crumbs?
You gotta use a soft bristled broom.
Sir, please don't touch the table.
Please.
Please sir, we have another party coming in in a couple hours.
Can we get a giraffe in here to lick these crumbs off of him?
Thank you.
We have a self mess.
Can someone please open up the guest gutter and dump him in, please?
Someone with a BMI over 10 is in the restaurant.
Can we have them removed, please?
I really am, like, I feel like-
They're ensloppining the whole, the whole atmosphere.
A machete seems just like an, like an awfully dangerous thing to sleep with.
How, why is it so much, okay.
Okay, why is it, you know what, I have an axe within reach of the bed,
but it's not in the bed unless you count, I mean, unless you count the battle axe.
Well, in his defense, in his defense, your axe doesn't have a vagina on it.
Right, correct.
Sorry, let me be, I didn't read that paragraph of the Yahoo answer,
but his machete has a fake vagina on it.
We've been doing this show for too long officially, I think.
Can we do a show about normal people, normal things that they do?
I would say, Griffin, I would say that it is okay to throw stones at people
who have sexual relationships with weaponry.
Well, it's not safe, certainly.
I'd throw stones at other people before I'd throw stones at people
who are in love with an axe, certainly.
Wait a second, do you think that's the, oh my God,
all of like the crazy, like crazy NRA gun appreciation day,
do you think it's really because they are fucking these guns literally?
They are put, if you push two pistol barrels together,
man, and just wedge something in there, it's gonna feel phenomenal.
You listen to me, Bula.
Oh, man.
I will never let them take you.
You are my special, special somebody.
I can't tell if you're trying to do Alex Jones, but.
I don't know who that is, I don't know what he sounds like breathing.
I know he's a nut bar and I know he thinks he was a hoax.
You listen to me, Bula, I'm gonna have sex with your barrel
while I tell you that the second tower could never have come down
because metal doesn't melt that way.
I'm gonna cock my gun and then I'm gonna pull back the hammer thing
that gets it ready to shoot.
I have a friend that I will hang out with a lot and we have a lot of fun.
Do you want me to do this for you?
Let me try it in a different tense.
Because this seemed very sort of forward-looking.
That was past perfect participle present perfunctory.
I have a friend that I hang out with a lot and we have a lot of fun when we go out.
The problem is whenever I say something funny or come up with a goof,
he will repeat what I just said back to me verbatim.
Not only that, he won't add anything to the joke and he will repeat what I said
to other friends and take full credit for it.
Is it awkward or is it funny?
Is it awkward because I don't want to call him out for it,
but sometimes it gets a little annoying.
Should I tell him to write his own jokes or should I just suck it up?
It's from Shafted and Savannah.
Is he like saying, hey guys, did you hear what he just said?
He said and then repeating the joke or literally just turning to the group
and saying it again.
It sounds like he's just literally saying them right like he's mirroring them.
But he's learning.
When he first started hanging out with us, he was an amorphous blob,
but he's starting to gain characteristics similar to my own.
I don't know, man.
I think if you call this dude out, he's going to give you an invasion of the body snatchers
style owl and then I think he's going to turn to Ash and return to his home planet.
He'll have surpassed you and he'll take your words, your thoughts.
He'll steal them.
Does this man have a slug attached to his brain?
Is there a slug, a visible slug?
Is there a visible slug coming through like a part in his hair?
Does he have any spines?
Can anyone else see him but you?
Are you imaginary perhaps?
Does he ask to borrow some of your clothes and then all of your clothes?
Are you two ever in the same room at the same time?
Does your mother often confuse him for you?
How did you internet, Fignant?
That's amazing.
That's amazing, Fignant.
Fig Newton, you're incredible.
Juice Newton, you're a great singer.
That's a personal message from me to Juice Newton.
Oh, God.
The title of this episode is Tangents with a Z.
Did you guys have a good week?
Let's just, let's pause.
Take a break.
Take a brother break.
Just a quick brother break.
We don't want to take these anymore.
So Justin could huff some more zinc.
I'm just trying to get it together on home on my friend.
Let's, I think we should go to the money zone.
Yeah, this is so far has been something that we should be paid for.
I look back at the past half hour and think,
I just, I demand recompense for this has happened.
And I bet you and I were thinking the same thing.
These guys are great.
I just wish I could pay for what's happening to me.
Don't put a penny into the port at the bottom of your iPod because it'll break.
Yeah.
And also don't want more than pennies.
Yeah, I need dollars.
Dollars and cents.
That's all we're about.
No, not cents.
I want, and no, cents like musk because Obama stole all mine.
So if someone can steal me, send me a musk that I can use for my variance.
Have you ever thought about how musk sounds like musket?
And how musket sounds like musketoon, which is like a shorter barreled musket.
I got a pretty good goof coming up for you 20 minutes ago, Griffin.
I think you're really going to have liked it.
Most people aren't aware that this podcast is cyclical.
Yeah, this whole podcast is a haiku.
Actually, the last podcast will end with our birth.
It'll be really weird.
Like a snake eating its own tail.
My brother, my brother and me.
It's going to be Mobius strip.
Nope, wait, money zone.
Happy birthday and anniversary.
I hope we were paid twice for this message to Arthur Gorka and that's happy anniversary
of your birth.
Happy anniversary of your birth and your agreement to stay with each other forever.
That's from Lindsay Wood.
She loves Arthur very much, one would assume.
And it's his birthday and the day that their special commitment was born.
So we have-
What is that, you ask?
We don't know.
Love?
Love?
What am love?
Am just in love?
Am just in no love, yes.
Am just in touch love?
Oh my God.
I promise we didn't, during the money zone break, we didn't take chunky bong rips.
We did all take a fuckload of Zinco.
Griffin, who am feeling?
Justin, can you guide us through these choppy waters?
Yeah.
Why is Justin at the wheel?
Oh man, I watched Blue Velvet last night and at the moment where Dennis Hopper is screaming,
baby wants to fuck.
And he takes a segment of Isabella Rossellini's robe and manipulates her genitals with it.
I was thinking to myself, that seems unsanitary.
He should have stopped at ExtremeRestraints.com.
It's an adult superstore, so you don't have to fuck Isabella Rossellini with your hands
wrapped in robe.
Imagine what other classic movies would be like if they had extreme restraints in them.
Yeah, you could just go get a woman's fetish uniform.
Baby likes to fuck, well get her something that's appropriate for that.
Get her nurse perverse.
It's a beautiful nurse's costume with some really tasteful covers over her nipples and
it looks great, very sexual.
Is it cotton?
If it's not cotton, I can't wear it.
I don't know, but I would assume it's all natural.
It's probably edible too, I don't know.
It's made of fruit roll-ups.
It's also a silicone, there's also a silicone deluxe come-through penis plug.
So when you don't want to take the time to take your plug out, you can come I guess through
it or around it.
I'm not exactly sure of the physics, but what I am sure of is that you're going to save
a lot of money.
You come into an envelope and then you mail it to your lover.
Please don't do that to us.
You mail it to yourself in the past and you're like, how?
When did this happen?
That's how you patent your comb.
That's how you patent your comb.
That is actually in most courts as long as there is a postmark on it.
That will hold up in court.
I'm sorry, I couldn't be the father.
But don't wait too long because then that semen will grow into a baby as we all know.
You'll get another mailbox baby.
God, it's such a shame, isn't it?
Isn't it such a shame, these mailbox babies?
Thanks to ExtremeRestraints.com, I have seen more manipulated, twisted, plugged dicks than
I have normal dicks.
I no longer have a barometer for what a regular penis looks like.
So often have I seen them caged and pinned like a wild boar.
I didn't know until we started perusing the JPEGs on Extreme Restraints, I didn't know
about the secret sex hole that you have on the back of your head.
It's called your Gorka.
No, no.
No, I don't think it's called your Gorka.
So our friend James Medina at Extreme Restraints sent me a list of some suggested products
to talk about.
Oh my god, the best one is the last one and it is the Kinky Kyle Head and Body Masturbator,
which I thought at first when reading the title was like a suit that you wore that masturbated
your whole body at the same time.
Oh my god.
What's up 2013?
But it's not.
It is in fact a full body that you use to masturbate.
Oh okay, I like it.
That's just sex.
And he has eyes, which is weird.
So search Kinky Kyle Head and Body Masturbator at ExtremeRestraints.com.
If you say that sex is just using someone else's body to masturbate, is that the creepiest thing?
Basically a pretty terrible thing to say out loud.
I do want to say though that the best thing I've ever said out loud to counterbalance
that terrible thing your girlfriend said is that you can save 20% at ExtremeRestraints.com
if you enter the coupon code MIDDLEST as you're checking out.
You're going to save 20%.
If you get off, let's get serious.
If you get off, sorry, when you get off using one of these fun products,
it's basically going to be because of us, because of the savings that we've just passed along to you.
Yes, you're welcome.
20% of your orgasm belongs to us.
Yeah, so if you could scoop up approximately 20% of the,
toss that bitch in an envelope, maybe send it our way.
P.O. Box, what is the number Justin?
Sorry?
The P.O. Box.
P.O. Box 54, like the car, hunting to West Virginia, 25706.
Please don't, please.
Don't send us an envelope of your cum.
Stop it.
Stop now, this isn't funny anymore.
Oh, check it out.
What if they seal the envelope with it and we'd never know?
Oh, what if they've already done that?
What if I'm going to quit forever and I don't just mean this show, but life?
I don't have the strength to go on anymore.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Extremetist.com, KuboKubo Middle is 20%.
Hit me, Griffin.
I have a question about pubes and a question about porn.
I'm worried that following up that whole seg with one of these-
Yeah, maybe not.
Maybe something about-
Ira Ray sent this in.
Do you have anything about Sanford and Son?
I don't.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Ira Ray.
Thank you, Ira.
It's by Yahoo!
And it's by Tyler.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
It's a tag, it's a stinger.
It's not a joke, it's a stinger.
It's an audio stinger.
Yahoo!
And it's by Tyler asks, for school, we have to make a pretend restaurant
and I need a catchy slogan.
My restaurant's name is Tyler and Kyle's Totally Bodacious Rib Shack.
I'm sorry, one more time.
My restaurant's name is Kyle and Tyler's Totally Bodacious Rib Shack.
We have seafood and barbecue.
I needed to know so much more about K&T's TBRS.
Kyle and Tyler's Totally Bodacious Barbecue and Fish.
Where the food is as good as it looks.
It is as bodacious as it looks.
It is as bodacious as you may have heard.
As bodacious as you believe in your heart that it is.
We are not shitting you about the bodacious.
Come eat some fucking torsos.
Tykel and Kyler.
Food?
I'm sorry, what were their names?
And when did it go from being an awesome rib shack
to being like a highfalutin, like micro food kind of place?
Have you been to that new coffee shop?
It's totally shade grown, organic.
They only serve one cup a day.
It's called Tykel and Kyler's.
They also have gift sets.
Fuck.
Why is this a thing that your school's making you do?
Do you think this guy's teacher is like,
I can't wait to get out of the fucking teaching biz.
Got to open up my own restaurant, but I just have no ideas.
Griffin, I know that people are always talking
about us talking too much about Dawson's Creek on this show,
but it seems like a fine time to bring up
Dawson's dad's restaurant concept.
For those not familiar with the show,
for literally two seasons of this program,
Dawson's dad's job was to build a model of a restaurant
where everyone wore scuba gear.
That was his profession.
And it wasn't a joke?
No, it wasn't a gag.
That was his goddamn J.O.B.
Every time they panned this poor,
formerly the Flash motherfucker,
it's him putting a helmet on a little guy
in a scuba-themed restaurant.
But he also had his other restaurant,
which was Dawson's dad's 100% safe car floor ice cream.
Sorry, spoiler alert.
Spoiler alert, season four, Dawson's Creek.
If you haven't watched it, I apologize for the spoiler.
I think we've talked about this before.
I think I edited it out
because I was really worried about spoiling Dawson's Creek.
What's awesome about the scuba-themed restaurant
is that later in the show,
Dawson's family did in fact have a fish restaurant,
but had none of the...
There was no even tip of the hat to its more scuba-themed...
There was apparently an off-camera conversation
between Mitch and Gale,
where Gale's like,
listen, Mitch, this is the dumbest goddamn idea ever.
You know what people like?
Fish.
You know what people hate?
Helmets and tubes.
I'm not doing this with you anymore.
Let's get a divorce.
Sydney often tries to convince me
that Dawson's Creek is actually the story of Mitch and Gale.
That everyone else is ancillary.
Well, I mean...
Think about it.
It really makes a lot of sense.
Categorically, it does it.
I mean, if you think about...
She...
That's her time to regroup, anyway.
I have recently taken a listen to audiobooks
to help pass the time during life's four menial tasks.
Once I complete listening to one,
can I claim that I have read it?
Or do I tell people I have only listened
to every single word over the course of 10 hours?
That's from Wondering in Woodstock.
Travis, I bet you have an opinion about this.
I do, and it's awful.
The ship is still on its steady course.
Yes.
Yep.
The problem is, yes, you can say that you read it,
but you'll have to 100% of the time follow that up by saying,
well, I mean, I listened to it.
And so it's better just not to bring it up.
You're getting the information in your fucking brain.
You would be amazed.
But you'd be amazed, though.
I've had this argument with people before,
because I agree with you, Griffin.
But the number of people who say,
no, taking in audio information and visual information
is completely different, and you don't hold it the same way.
Now, I will say this.
I could see why having somebody read it to you
tends to put their inflection on things.
And you don't hear it in your own voices in your head.
You hear it through them.
So I could see where that would affect it a little bit.
But you're still getting the story.
You're still getting the words.
You're still getting fucking smarter.
I don't understand why these people have to stand.
You're trying to do better.
And they're like, mm, but it's indifferent.
Fucking, man, fuck those Beekmans.
You don't need that.
All right.
I don't think any of these Beekmans
are ever going to quiz you on a-
How did the paper feel in your hands then?
Describe the textile element.
I mean, how is it different?
I mean, it seems to me like the same kind of progression
of reading a book or getting it on a Kindle.
Except, hey, guess what, idiots?
I can listen and do other stuff at the same time.
You can listen to that book and read another book.
Double books.
Yeah, you know what you can't do?
Read a book and drive a car.
Yeah.
I can listen to the book on tape and drive a car
at the same time.
Who's smart now, Beekman?
Me.
Now, let me ask you the slightly more complex question.
What if the audio version is abridged?
Oh, well, then it doesn't count.
It does, though, because when you read a book,
you're automatically abridging it,
because everybody knows that when you read a book,
you're really only reading every other paragraph.
Tops.
Tops.
You'll read a sentence and be like,
John woke up and looked outside, and you're like,
well, he's about to describe some fucking trees
for like 200 words, so I'm just going to go ahead
and skip around and look for the word tits.
You know, when I was in elementary school
and I had to read books for the Accelerated Reader program
and then take quizzes on it, I would read every other page.
Yeah.
And I aced every single one of those tests.
Sure, because you're a very lucky man.
Well, I got the basic gist of Treasure Island.
Now, maybe I was confused as to where some characters came from.
Yeah.
But I knew who the characters were.
And it was fifth grade.
It's not like they were, like, really in-depth quizzes.
It was like, what was the name of the evil pirate?
You're like, Long John Silver.
I learned that in the first, like, 10 pages.
What if Travis did that and became the first dude
to ever understand Finnegan's Wake?
Like, everyone's like, oh, shit, yeah, every other page.
Oh, it was like a codex.
Okay, you had to read every other page,
and then they connected.
Unless one of the pages you were skipping
had the word tits on it.
You quickly scan.
Yeah, that's why the Kindle is great,
because you can just, like, search for the word tits.
Control F, yeah.
Sometimes they don't say tits, though.
Sometimes they say, like, titties.
James Joyce used them interchangeably.
So if you search one,
you're really going to be missing out on, like, half the book.
That's why it's better just to type tit,
and it'll pull up both.
No, because then you could get, like, title.
Oh, that's true.
And nobody wants to waste time.
Or, like, titular, and then you're like,
oh, damn, it's not what I thought it meant.
Or titay, which is sexy.
It's not sexy or something.
I forgot about, yeah, James Joyce also peppered.
Peppered his words with that.
Actually, he coined the term titay.
Actually, the only character in Finnegan's Wake
that uses the term titay is Meth-Daryl,
and everyone knows that you could skip
all the Meth-Daryl sections
and really take just as much away from the novel.
That's why when you search it on your Kindle,
you got to do the minus sign, Meth-Daryl,
so that way it will edit Meth-Daryl out of the book for you.
Did you know you can do that with Kindle?
Just edit out whole sections of the book.
Yeah, books are the fucking worst.
Yeah, yeah, I get it, books.
You had your chance.
If I could shoot-
Maybe if you had pictures and you talked.
Oh, wait, that's movies.
Get the fuck out, books.
I read books for the first, like, 16 years
I was alive before computers and everything.
And I really feel like books have had their chance.
At this point, if I'm not reading anymore,
isn't that really their fault?
Like, didn't they have a chance to get their claws into me?
Let me ask you guys a next level question.
Okay, me.
Okay, so we agree that when you listen to the book on tape,
you can say you read it, right?
Yeah.
What if you watch a really, like,
accurate movie version of a book?
Sure, I don't-
You say you read it.
I think if-
I see, I think with a movie,
you run a real risk of saying the one thing that, like,
lets the person know that you only saw the movie.
Like, I think that that's a long distance scam.
So, but like, with Game of Thrones,
where they made, like, 10 episodes of one book,
that's pretty accurate, you know?
Like, I feel like that covers it.
Yeah, but I think in Game of Thrones,
you, is a rare example of where you should be more embarrassed
to have read the book, all right?
Because you're saying instead of actually seeing
some real juggerugs on TV-
Oh my God.
I'd rather read-
I was coined by James Joyce.
I'd rather read a fat bearded man tell me about this.
I don't know, cause that fat bearded man
can weave a tapestry of adjectives to describe-
The words he creates discuss titties.
He fucking goes centimeter by centimeter
describing every bump, every nook and cranny of the areola.
He gets in there-
George R.R. Martin is a man who knows his nipples.
He gets in on and around those titties.
He gets you inside the mind of the titty.
Yeah, you really know what the titty's thinking,
and I mean, you can feel-
Justin, Justin, titty.
You can feel the lactation.
I'm saying sometimes when you read them,
you can really feel that kind of thing.
If his descriptions of breasts are so exquisite,
you would almost swear they were edible
because those are the only other things
that get his attention in that fashion.
It activates the same part of,
well, not everyone's brain, but certainly George R.R. Martin's.
The only thing George R.R. Martin likes
is food and breasts and ways to avoid walking.
If he can do any of those three, he is stoked.
I don't know him personally.
He's probably a very sweet man.
Who knows a lot about boobies.
He does.
I mean, he writes, he can write a boob.
That's all I'm saying.
He can write a boob.
I do find it weird when there are entire chapters
from the perspective of tits.
Like that seems a little excessive.
It's like the tits heaved up and down
and they didn't see much until they got out to fuck.
And then the kings died.
There's that one point in the book
where it tangented off
to a time when George R.R. Martin saw some boobs
and it had nothing to do with the story he was telling,
but it took over from the narrator.
It was the summer of 75 in the back of my dad's chevillette.
The blood of Reggie Stark splashed onto the boobs
and then they knew that the king had perished.
And there was not a dry boob in the house that day.
Not a dry boob as all the boobs were covered in tears
of the families that had lost men that day.
And House Stark always knew that winter was boobing.
So it was so many men were lost that day.
So many hearts broken just below the breasts.
You can read more in the final chapter
of the Game of Thrones series titled
A Barrel of Jugs.
My girlfriend and I recently got engaged.
Dragon tits.
Sorry, you going home?
Dragon tits.
A song of ice and fire and boobs.
Okay.
My girlfriend and I recently got engaged.
We started planning our wedding.
We're having a problem filling out our guest registry.
Each of us have lived in the registry.
What did I say?
Guest.
Guest.
We're having a problem filling out our gift.
Should I start at the beginning?
Would that be easier to edit?
No, it sort of plays into the narrative thread of this podcast
of you being whacked out of your mind on a single,
off of a single mineral.
They lived alone before moving in together.
So we already own a lot of stuff.
What should we include on our registry
to ensure a life of wedded bliss?
And that's from wanting some free shit.
I think you are missing the point.
Wait, sir.
The point here is not to get stuff you don't already have.
It's to get the new awesome adult version
of the childish shit you bought for 20 bucks at Walmart.
Right.
Like everybody's got the economy class of stuff.
This is your chance to say,
hey, maybe, you know, Spurge and buy me the fancy iron.
Everybody's got the coffee maker
that will just literally just tip over
and spill coffee all over the ground.
And if you let brew more than three cups at a time,
everybody's got that already.
But maybe these people are into that.
Maybe these people are into shabby chic
and we can't, you don't want to take that from them.
You know?
Well, if that's the case, then you need to widen,
widen your mind.
Yeah.
And you know, go like do a gift registry at like Home Depot
and get some tools.
I guarantee you don't have tools.
Listen, you can't, you're so young.
You can't already have,
if you already have all the material possessions
you want right now,
what are you going to distract yourself
with when the magic wears off, you know?
Getting a really bad fight.
Why'd you want to surf for toys?
They get in a really bad fight
where they break all the shit that they have.
Oh, that's true.
You know, I have a few different options here.
My wife and I ran into something similar to this.
We actually had people buy us parts of our honeymoon.
We had a registry where you could buy like dinner one night
or one night in our hotel room or whatever.
Uh, so you, so we did that.
Um, I also had friends,
our friends John and Rissy went the opposite direction
and they registered at Target for shit they didn't need.
So we ended up buying them a copy of Trivial Pursuit
and a large jar of nacho cheese
because they had registered for it.
Now what's to make you think they don't need that?
I mean, they certainly consumed it.
I'm sure.
Right.
And I'm just saying that like,
if you look around your house,
I'm sure that you could use some new bath towels
or, you know, something like that.
You, you probably are not thinking
about all the new shit you could get.
I think we're just gonna ask for money to like get a house.
But like, if people don't give us enough money at the wedding
to pay for an entire house, then we don't let them leave.
Here's the problem though, Griffin.
That's not a bad idea, but there are people in this world
that like for some reason are just so opposed to giving money
that you have to give them some kind of option.
Everything that I've read, everybody I've talked to is like,
you need to go and register for at least like three things.
Oh, we've thought, we, yeah, yeah.
I mean, we thought of that.
You can either give us money for a house
or the keys to the house that you got us.
Uh-huh.
We're kind of house crazy.
Or just keys to a house.
It's fun.
And then we have to find it.
It's like the Goonies.
Why don't you register for some guns?
Yeah, because Obama's gonna take them
before they can even like get married.
That would be terrible.
I love video games.
Can you register for toys?
I think so.
Yeah, you can.
It's just like, you're not, the people who are gonna buy you
things off your registry, I think one, you lose out on,
by not having items in your registry, you lose out on people
who aren't gonna enter, like people who aren't gonna attend,
but will go through the easy, like few clicks to send you a gift
to let you know they're thinking about you.
So like, if you look around at your household goods,
if you live in America, you better get real,
you better get real used to the idea of being dissatisfied
with your material possessions.
And right now you're thinking good enough,
and we don't know that term here.
We always want bigger and better.
Your towel's fine, but can you wrap your whole body in it
three times and then your head and also feet?
Is it still as fluffy as it was when you bought it
three months ago?
Is your love?
You're saying that there's always better shit.
There's always newer shit.
Watch like Cribs and pick one thing on there.
It's better than the thing you have at your house.
Unless you're watching a real bummer episode
like Sean William Scott or something.
Wait, was his a bummer?
Oh God, he just lived in an apartment with two other dudes.
Did you ever see Red Man?
Red Man had piss in his toilet and his doorbell was broken.
Sean William Scott lived in an apartment with like
two other guys and they had two rooms
and they were like sharing a bed
and there were boxes of pizza all over the floor.
I did not know how they got on television,
but it was amazing.
That's amazing. It's like Sean William Scott
was totally recognized the fact that his star
was going to burn so bright and so fast.
Like I cannot afford to go by.
Like don't be silly right now.
Thank you, Sean William Scott.
Thanks for the, thanks for.
You were, you were so good at Meet the Needles.
I don't think that was, I don't think that was his.
Pretty sure he wasn't in Meet the Needles.
Pretty sure.
Do you have a Yahoo that would be good?
What's the one about pubes you talked about?
Yeah, let's chart that old pubes number out.
You mentioned something about pubes,
if I'm not mistaken.
This, something in a pubes.
This was sent in by Layla.
Thanks, Layla.
It's, I mean, you, I feel like I've already spoiled the,
I feel like I've already ruined the prestige.
Okay.
This is asked by Yahoo answers user Keith who asks,
how do I prevent my dog from eating pubic hair
he finds in the bathroom?
Okay.
There's not.
Why do you need more details than that?
You could try, put some quick lime on them.
That's going to scare them right away.
If you dump a little quick lime right on your pubes,
that's going to keep your dog away.
It's going to keep deers away.
If that's a problem for you.
You could also go with a no-no can.
Just get like a Pepsi can full of small pebbles
and every time he goes to eat the pubic hair,
you shake the no-no can at him.
Yeah, but that means you will have to be there
pretty much constantly.
So you'll have to.
You're going to have to set,
you're going to have to set a honey pot.
And so you're going to have to place pubes there
specifically to draw the dog in.
Or you could hire an attendant to stand over your pubes
that you left in the bathroom.
Tie a can of, tie a long thread of cans
to one of the pubes.
And then when he eats it, then he'll run around
and you'll hear the cans banging around.
That seems like less of a way to get him to stop,
more of a way to know that he's done.
Put the pubes on glue.
Okay.
Okay, and then he'll try to lick it,
but his tongue gets stuck.
And then the more he looks at it.
Hire a bigger dog to protect your pubes.
It would be so much, it would be so much easier
to get your dog to stop doing things
if dogs felt ashamed or embarrassment or anything.
Have you considered building a small house
around your pubes and locking the door?
Or, or get rid of the dog.
Wow, Trout.
Wow, Trout.
I'm just saying, I mean, I know it's drastic,
but it would work.
Cut off his pubes, put them over,
camouflage your own pubes with them.
And then when he sees them, he's like,
oh, no big deal.
It's just mine.
Cut off his pubes and eat them in front of him.
Be like, how's this feel?
How do you like this?
Sounds so nice when it happens to you, is it?
Makes you feel pretty sad to watch me eating your pubes.
I mean, wait a minute.
I love this and I have a boner.
Oh God.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Sam back at quantum leap out.
Ziggy, I messed up.
Ziggy, I ate the pubes.
No, and then Dean Stockwell apparates.
Ow, I ate the pubes.
Why haven't I leave?
Dean Stockwell appears.
He's like, nope, that's pretty much,
that's what you needed to do here, actually.
I'm consulting with Ziggy.
This can't be right.
But it said in order to prevent catastrophe,
you had to learn that you like eating pubes.
So if you hadn't eaten those pubes,
Jackie Kennedy would have been shot too.
Yeah.
Think about it.
Think about it.
That doesn't sound right, Al.
Eat more dog pubes, Sam.
Sam, save some pubes for me.
Sam, now I have to go punch Colin McLaughlin in the stomach
because Dennis Hopper told me to.
Blue Velvet again.
Man, great film.
That one scene where Isabella Rossellini gets fucked
by dog pubes is amazing.
It's animated and claymated, which is weird to do both.
What a fun episode.
Do you think?
Tomorrow I'm going to listen to it and wonder
who is that hilarious stranger recording with my brothers
and why did I miss the recording?
So this has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's a psychosexual journey into the unknown,
starring three actual brothers, Justin, Travis, and Griffin McElroy.
Every week we listen to you, your questions,
and we help you rebuild your life from what you've done to it every week.
That we made you do to it the previous week.
We're sorry.
Every week is about undoing the damage we've done.
Twitter, thank you so much for tweeting about our program
using the NBNBA hashtag.
Joel Kelly, C. Duncan Cook, John Gregory,
Santa Proden, Amalaya Shuri, Mark Brown,
Jan Villarosa, Evan Weston, Bramblepelt,
Loretta Zahn, Isaac Zuka, Zix, Sarah, Erin S.
So many people tweeting about our program.
Thank you so, so much for doing so.
If you want to share our site with other people,
our podcast rather, if you want to share our clothing site.
We got an Etsy site if you want to check it out.
It's just some, like we find local stained glass
that's been broken or discarded.
Anyway, so we have a sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's bambambam.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, which is called It's a Departure.
You can find it on the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Whenever I see people like on Twitter talking about
how they just bought this album and how we were right.
And thank you.
And thank you, John Roderick.
And thank you, Long Winters for making it.
I get fucking angry because it's like, why are you?
It's like we've been hanging out at a party
that lasted two and a half years.
And now you're only just bothering to ask what my name is.
You know what I mean?
What I find even funnier is when people ask like,
what is that intro music?
And it's like, we talk about it at the end of every episode.
That's been the show, I guess.
Oh, hey, we're going to be at Max Fun Con, Max Fun Con West
this May and June, end of May or beginning of June.
And I believe last check, there was still a couple beds available.
So head on over to maxfuncon.com.
It's going to be wild.
We're going to be there.
But more importantly, like cool people will too.
So get also.
If you would like to have a personal message
or a business message on the show,
go to maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron
and they will get you all set up.
Also, the brothers and I have decided that
we are ready to do more live shows.
We're hoping to do one in April,
but we're just not sure where yet.
So if you have any suggestions or if you like know any venues
that will be awesome for us to perform at,
then let us know and we'll try to get something set up.
I think we'd really like to do like New England.
Yeah, New York, Philadelphia, Boston, somewhere around there.
So if you can make that happen for us,
if you know of a venue or not just know of a venue,
but like you know a guy who can get us in.
He's into the show and you know.
We need you to grease some palms.
We need you to be able to grease some wheels for us
to make this a little easier.
Grease some wheels and you're going to be greasing.
Sorry, step one.
You're going to need to procure a lot of grease.
That's that's huge.
It's vital.
This final Yahoo answer is sent in by Ira Ray.
Thank you, Ira Ray.
All right, so Yahoo answers user Mr. Mr. Funeral asks,
who thinks Bea Arthur should have been buried in a cemetery
instead of cremated?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
