The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
A wonderful Candle Nights countdown is on to Candle Nights. We've got just ten more
Candle Nights days till Candle Nights. A lot of people seem to be asking when it starts
and when it stops. There are obviously more than one day involved in Candle Nights. Can you guys
offer any insight? By the way, this is my brother, my brother-in-law, I'm Justin, that's Travis and
Griffin. Hi! I think that the beauty of Candle Nights is that it starts when you feel like it,
and it ends when you don't feel like it anymore. The way that I track Candle Nights, and it's an
elusive beast, is with my handy Candle Nights Advent Calendar, which oh, I need to actually
pop open the current day on. Let me give it just, sorry, one sec. It's another condom.
Oh man. This is like the 22nd one. This is Candle Nights, this is on our Candle Nights show,
we'll be recording that live in Huntington, West Virginia. You can tell the difference. December
21st. You can tell the difference because we're not fucking cussing this one. It's one week away,
less than six days now. By the time you're listening to this, if you want to come out,
come down to Huntington. There's some tickets left. Go to bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights live.
Come on out. It's going to be a real special time. Everybody's going to be there. Literally
everybody. O.J. Simpson. O.J. Simpson? That was the first one. That was the first name. Yeah, but
O.J. Simpson too. What's wrong with me? That was like my poll. You're broken inside. I think I
might be broken. O.J. Simpson's going to be there. Kato Katelyn's going to be there.
All the hits. All the great folks are going to be there. Orenthal, James Simpson. He's O.J.
also. He's also O.J. Simpson. And the Simpsons. We're going to have people dressed as the Simpsons.
And J.O. Simpson. I hate that dude. He's my least favorite of the Simpsons.
He's worse than the double murderer. Wow. Not a cool dude. You can at least be in the same room
as the double murderer. You know what I mean? With J.O. Simpson, there's a lot of detritus.
This is our advice podcast. This has been such a thrilling week. Before we get too much further,
I want to thank everybody who... We had a sort of an impromptu charity drive called NBNB AM Angels,
where we tried to fill a bunch of empty stockings from the Herald Dispatch. They
published the thing called empty stockings. And we got it in our heads that maybe we could help
some of those folks. And You Find people really rose to that call. There were 101
people on the list. And at this point, 93% of them have had their needs met by You Find folks.
So thank you so much to everybody who participated in that. You're awesome.
I don't understand people who make... Because here in Austin, everybody makes a career out of working
at a nonprofit. But as far as I can tell, it really just takes eight minutes to change the
lives of an entire city. So what the hell are you guys doing with the other... Stop wasting your time
and just fix these problems. Just fix them. It takes eight minutes. Just fix all the cities.
The MBM family did. They looked at this issue and they're like, let's fix this together.
Next year, we're going worldwide. Huntington's great, but we're gonna see if we can't shine...
No, I wanna make Huntington even better. I wanna really...
Next year, we're gonna get all the MBM Angels together to fix the roads in Huntington.
Next year, just come out with a shovel. That's the new thing. But anyway, thank you to all of
you folks. We're gonna record some thank yous after we're done recording here. And if you don't
get yours in a week or so, you probably didn't email us. So email us at mbm at maximumfund.org.
And we'll fix you up. And sit around for... After halftime of this episode,
we have a very special guest. Oh, man. Do you wanna say who it is?
They probably figured it out, because it was in the show notes.
Oh, yeah. If not, it's Bill Corbett. He is a wonder.
He was really funny, too. Yeah, he was funny. Anyway, that's a big show we got coming for you.
But first, we're gonna do some of our classic stuff.
Real patented MBMBA and goofs. Get ready for some classic material,
because we're gonna take your questions and turn them Alchemy-like into wisdom. Here we go.
I recently visited a friend of mine who just bought his first house.
I know Justin and Griffin are homeowners and Travis moved to LA, but I don't know if he rents.
I do. It's none of your damn business.
How different is home ownership from renting an apartment? Is it worth it? And what should
I know beforehand? That's Jeremy in the Seventh Circle of Dwell, which is pretty good.
I've never been a homeowner, so I cannot speak to this. I can speak to the renter side of it.
I enjoy renting immensely. Okay.
But see, we can smoke all fucking day long in our house. We can just rip open a carton of marbles
and just crush the whole box in one day and be like, fuck it. The windows are yellow,
and it stinks in here. It smells like an Elk's Lodge.
Griffin, have you ever thought of just tearing open both ends of the carton and just lighting
all of them at once and smoking a giant harmonica?
Well, I don't do that, no, but I will just rip it,
ignite it, and then just have a grandma potpourri. You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm. It's really the final level of adulthood, and you may think that you are ready for it when
you actually buy a house. You are not ready for it, because it's still very bizarre to me that
there are whole areas in my house, if I open a door to them and I look at them, I don't know
what they do. I don't even know what they are or why they are. I had a thing-
Do you live in the Winchester house? What are you talking about? You open a door to a closet,
you're like, what is this?
No, I'm talking, okay, I'll give you an example. A couple of weeks ago, I went down to turn the
furnace on for the first time. I guess it would have been a month or so ago now. I go down and
turn the furnace on for the first time, and I see this thing called a humidifier that's sort of built
into the system there, that as far as I know, I've never used. And I was like, whoa, I could be
having more humid air this whole time, but I didn't really know how it works, so I kind of
turned some things and opened a valve and did all that kind of business, and I was like, hmm, okay,
humidity, oh boy. I go down three days later, my basement carpet is fucking soaked, like literally
standing water in my basement carpet, water everywhere, because this thing just, apparently
it's like humidifying jam, it's just spitting water randomly, and so I ruined my house. So you
just boarded up the basement and you called that one a loss? Yeah, I don't have that room anymore.
It really is a weird- It's like we're in an island.
It really is weird, like, how many times have you been in your attic, Justin?
Twice a year, once to get the Christmas lights out and once to put them back.
Okay, I've been in our attic twice, once when we, like right when we moved in, and then again when
our HVAC unit up there stopped working, and that was after that we had roofers come and replace
every single shingle on our roof a month after we moved in. Home ownership fucking rules, you guys.
And I realized that in nailing those new shingles in, they had turned our attic into a fucking
hellraiser pain box, because there are infinity nails coming through the ceiling. It's like a
goddamn Iron Maiden up there. So no, I don't think I will ever be going into that room again, thanks.
What on earth were you planning to do about your broken HVAC unit when you went up there?
Did you think there would be a switch that said broken and you would just flip it to fixed?
Like, is that what you were hoping for? He was gonna reason with it.
I went up there, I was using my phone's flashlight, and I had a fucking
hex wrench from an IKEA cabinet I had bought. Were you ready to do battle with it?
I was seeing what I could do up just surveying the, you know what?
Yeah, honey, I tightened a couple of hex bolts and it started working again. Apparently just all
the hex bolts were loose. You're laughing? I used that fucking hex wrench to fix our
garbage disposal. So you don't know anything about shit, do you? It is the universal nano tool.
So what does this person need to know before they get a house?
Please realize, like, you don't know. Be prepared to be reverted to baby state,
especially with buying a house. That process is inscrutable. I still don't know if I bought this
house. No one's gotten rid of me yet. Our realtor would just come to us like,
hey, I need $300 for the... And I'd be like, yep, here you go. Take it. It's yours now.
I never had that money, I guess. Were you buying the house from the ancient ones?
Yeah, it was a deep tongue. I got a really great deal on this house,
but except for that the walls are full of rats. Yeah, and the seeping floors.
Well, that's Justin's. Oh yeah, I would say from my money, I'm so happy being a renter.
Teresa and I have often considered home ownership, but I don't know. I think what's always scared
me most about it is the permanence. And I know you can always sell your house,
but in this market, it seems like such a permanent decision.
Oh, this market. The problem with renting is that you're just putting your money into a shitter,
and you're shitting on it, and then you're flushing it. It's insult to injury.
How were you paying your rent? Huh?
Is that how you were paying your rent? I pay it to my landlord, Mr. Toilet.
Yeah, it's an investment, Travis, in yourself and your family.
Yeah, now I live in Los Angeles, where it costs $2 million to get the smallest home ever.
Right, but you get that, and then next year's worth $3 million. You just need that initial
investment. And if you need help with money, Travis, I've always told you this, you can come
to me. You'll give me $2 million?
I will give you, I could probably break you off a couple Gs.
Okay. But that's, you know what? You put that in a jar. You guys want a Yahoo?
Absolutely. This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Sperling.
Rachel Sperling, recognize that game. Take your game, take a minute, and recognize it.
Thank you, Rachel. Ladies, get to know your game.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Mahalkita, Mahalkita, I think that's a Pokemon, who asks,
should men start wearing cock pieces as a fashion accessory again?
I think you've missed it. I think you missed the word a little bit.
A little bit. You were off by a little bit. Additional details, would you wear one?
A cock piece?
A cock piece?
Should men start wearing dick flaps again?
No.
No, you shouldn't. But should we?
I will say this, having worked at the Shakespeare Company, like, every time, there's something
about it that when you wear one of those, you tend to strut. Like, it's hard not to just leave.
Wow, that's because your gait has an extra flap there that you didn't plan for when you woke up
that morning.
You do have to have very wide thighs, or else you will chafe on your codpiece.
One of my favorite examples, Jeremy Dubin, every time we had a student matinee in a show that had
codpieces, he would have to get up first thing, just go out and give everyone a solid minute and
a half to laugh and just get it out of their systems so then they could enjoy the show.
But he had, I don't want to put him on blast on our incredibly popular radio broadcast,
but he had, let's call it, an abnormal cod.
Yeah, and the things he could do with it, it was like puppetry of the penis.
Did you guys know that cod is actually Middle English for scrotum? It's not a joke,
that's a real thing.
Wow, learned something new today.
Something really useful.
So when you call someone a codfish, like Peter Pan does, you're calling them a scrotum fish.
Basically, yeah.
Oh, Peter Pan.
Peter Pan, how could you?
Can we bring this, listen, the new school of thought for manliness, which is such garbage
bullshit, with fucking fashion axes, everything is so terrible and so dumb, I could see, listen,
if you really want to accentuate your masculinity, put this little parachute over your dick.
I could totally see that becoming an actual thing.
And if you think about our current dress, am I gonna have a codpiece on my jeans?
On my jean shorts? Oh, fuck, that's a look right there.
Yeah, that's a lot of look.
I sewed a codpiece on my utilikilt.
That wouldn't even work because then it would become pants again.
I accidentally turned my utilikilt into pants.
Into pants with a weird dick part on it.
I feel bad.
What is a codpiece?
Oh, Justin, we've been doing the whole bit.
You should have asked us.
We've been doing this for two and a half minutes.
You were too embarrassed.
I was hoping that through your context clues, I could weave a picture.
It kind of looks like a canoe of fabric that you put over your junk.
Men used to wear hose, right, hosiery.
Yeah.
But it didn't really do a great job in that zone.
And so, like, when dudes started to, like, when they would sit...
I'm reading a...
This is from Art of Manliness, which, like, great.
I love that I've given this website my business.
When dudes would sit down with these hos, their tunic would ride up.
And it's like, hey, ho, my cod is out, is what they would say.
Oh, goodness, my...
Oh, goodness, my cod.
Huzzah, my dick.
Huzzah.
Behold, my cod.
And so they began to cover up their cod with a little dick tunic.
And it was just a little piece of linen that just sort of wraps around it like a little...
A pup tent.
Okay.
Can I just jump back real quick to say that if on the website, the Art of Manliness,
like, if it doesn't just say, like, I don't know, be like a person,
just do whatever you want, then that website is dumb.
Man, my Art of Manliness, you know, my secret to the Art of Manliness,
you just flex when people aren't expecting you to.
Now, Jaisalyn, could you name a situation in which you would flex,
in which people were not expecting you to, and suddenly it would be very positively all about you?
DMV.
Okay.
Why the DMV?
Because people walk past you, like, that dude is stacked.
That dude's ripped for days.
That dude is manly as hell.
And look at that cod piece.
Oh, there's a...
He's selling it.
There's a picture on this article.
There's a picture on this article from Batman and Robin.
No, okay.
Do you think that it's like, you know how when people get really flashy,
like sports cars and everyone's like, oh, compensating for something.
Do you think, like, the baller move with a cod piece is to get, like, just...
A really little one?
Yeah, the smallest cod piece, like, I don't even care.
I don't fucking care, whatever.
Yeah, this is my tiny dick.
One that is so small that you actually have to tuck your actual physical material zone.
It's a false flag zone.
Your corporeal zone.
Right, and then someone comes up and stabs you in it, and you're like, nothing.
You did nothing.
Better luck next time.
Where did his dick go?
You'll never know.
Smooth like a Ken doll down there.
Check my butt, and then you look at the butt.
What is that?
It's a rear cod piece.
You fool.
You've fallen for my false flag.
I've got cod pieces for days.
My false flag cod.
I'm gonna stab that one.
Right armpit.
Holy shit.
He's cod's toe to tip.
This guy's all cods.
It's like a house of mirrors.
You just keep shattering them, and there's more.
It's like a house of lies with Kevin Spacey's cod piece.
House of lies is not the name of this.
I think it is.
I think that's the Don Cheadle show.
Damn it.
Man, I could have made a reference to Don Cheadle's cod piece, and it would have been great.
You could have made so many references.
I could have made all the references.
Another question, hit it.
A coworker of mine recently started sporting a single black glove on her left hand every day.
Is there a polite way for me to find out why?
Fashion statement, medical issue, aspiring magician?
I need to know.
Initial details.
It looks like a one size fits all cotton glove.
No embellishments or markings.
As from ANSI in Austin.
Can I tell you what this coworker is doing right?
Create an air of mystery.
Yeah, for sure.
Is it possible that somewhere under that glove is a cod?
Possibly.
For days.
For days.
I love this idea because if it was flashy and showy, if it was like a sequined glove
or like covered in rhinestones or shit, like you wouldn't be that in,
but there's something about just the plainness, the unadornment.
Like you're not trying to draw attention to it.
You're like, I have to know why are they doing it?
Because it's clearly not to draw attention and yet it is drawing attention to me.
Take a lesson, everyone.
This is how you do it.
This is how you affect something.
This is a real like gateway to becoming fully a mysterious person.
And some people have already gone so far down this road that a glove wouldn't raise an eye.
If you saw Prince walking around LA, perhaps shopping in a candle store,
and you saw that he was wearing a black glove on one hand,
you would not give it a second thought.
You would think, oh, it's Prince.
But there's another dude who could also just start wearing a codpiece
and no one would be surprised.
Well, yeah, he could start wearing a codpiece and probably-
Start wearing a codpiece?
I mean, you gotta ask, right?
That's why they're wearing it.
Well, there's two situations.
They're either wearing it because they want you to ask
or because they explicitly don't want you to ask.
Are they trying to hide the fact they have six fingers?
Can I just say, like, wouldn't it be crazy if this person was like,
oh, I got engaged last night, so I'm going to wear this glove
and then someone's going to ask and it's going to be a big reveal.
And this has been going on for three weeks and no one's asked.
Someone please just ask, my pinky smells terrible.
Please just ask me so I can do the review.
Why is everyone so afraid of asking?
I feel like you have to ask now or it may already be too late
because if you wait too much longer,
you're just going to walk up and go, what's with the glove?
What's with the glove?
Because you've held it back for too long.
They're dying for you to ask.
Oh, they want you to ask so bad.
Just ask them.
Just ask this one question about the glove.
What if they've been waiting this whole time to ask
and on the, like, the palm of the glove is written,
talk to the hand and they're just waiting.
Oh shit, like what?
It's a great bit.
It's a power play.
It's a long, it's a long game.
Is it a power glove, perhaps?
Is it maybe a power glove?
Are they going to maybe play some rad racer after work?
Or catch ball.
That was an NES game, I think.
I think it was called catch ball.
Catch ball.
How about another Yahoo?
Man, what if black glove is like a thing that's like worldwide
and we don't know it because we're just like not keyed into.
Like it's a red hat kind of thing?
No, I don't think it's red hat kind of thing.
I'm saying like it's a legit protest about issues.
Oh.
Oh.
Not an LA lady social group.
Probably not.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by several people,
including Anthony Delacurty and Sean Moran.
Thank you, everyone.
It's by Yahoo Answers user whatever.
Who has the most Yahoo points I've fucking ever seen.
78,053 Yahoo points.
Fucking get out the game.
Retire, you're done.
And the highest one goes to whatever.
Whatever asks, what would happen to our world
if all of a sudden potato chips stop being made?
Whoa.
I'm saying that this is going to lead to a complete and total
shutdown.
Just a decimation of our society.
Sometimes you just need that crunch.
And no corn products, no rice products are gonna fill the bill.
I mean, the fact of the matter is, as soon as one thing goes away,
even if you're like, there's still pretzels,
but as soon as you tell everyone like,
everything else still fine, still plenty of everything else,
but there's no more potato chips,
everyone then is going to instantly want potato chips so badly.
You're disrupting the ecosystem, right?
Like we have to eat potato chips.
Humans do.
Because the potato chips eat the M&Ms.
Right.
And if there's no more potato chips, first of all,
M&M of our population is going to kill us all.
But that won't matter because we're all going to die anyway
because our main food source is now gone.
You know what that means?
That the leopard seal is gone because we're fucking dead.
And they eat us.
They have to eat us.
Yeah.
Because of that, they also eat penguins.
Penguins are going to be all over the place.
Going to be penguins and M&Ms.
It's going to be the best apocalypse ever,
but we're not going to be around to enjoy it.
Because we ran out of potato chips.
Because we ran out of crisps?
We don't have any more vitamin Pringles.
Now, here's a question that I would have for you.
If potato chips in this world-
Crisps?
If potato chips aren't crisps, sorry, are no longer made,
are we to assume that french fries are still extant?
And if so-
Ooh.
Aren't people like smashing them with a hammer
and then putting them in a fryer later and just-
They do that.
This is such a good question, Justin.
Is it that we've suddenly forgotten the existence
of like how to make potato chips,
or is it like they've all been beamed off the surface
of the planet?
No.
Because if we fucking forgot how to make potato chips,
somebody would fucking figure it out in like half of a second.
Like, ah, these french fries are too thick.
I gotta fry these things.
But that's the question.
Are we talking like they're no longer being made
or they no longer exist?
Oh, you're talking about in this situation
where you stomp down some french fries,
throw them in a fryer,
you pull up the fryer basket and it's empty.
It's empty.
Where did they go?
The Happening 2, starring nobody.
Nobody agreed to do it.
What is it?
No actors.
Just no chips?
No, I have to turn this one-
I have to turn this one down.
Did you guys hear about the Sony leak
where they were thinking about making The Happening 2
where we did all the potato chips?
Nicolas Cage was like, this is-
Sorry, this is my first time saying the word.
The word, no.
I'm gonna Morse code tap it out of the table.
Potato, just, I love potato chips,
but this is just too, this is a bridge too far.
I probably said I'm too busy doing Drive Angry shot in 4D.
So-
Where you can smell it.
You can smell it.
And we have potato chips in the picture,
so I'm gonna do that.
I signed a non-compete.
It's produced by Lays.
How fast would technology evolve
if the potato chip didn't exist?
How fast-
Because we have so much time in our hands
because we're not just fucking chomping?
Well, we've been dropping stuff constantly
because of the grease and the salt,
and now we can actually hold our Bunsen burners
and beakers and such.
Science accoutrement.
My fingers are delightfully non-bloated.
Let me type out some code.
Oh, world hunger's gone,
which is weird because there's no chips.
So like, what's the point?
But I guess if you want to eat shitty garbage-
Would taro chips still exist?
Would you still be able to eat taro chips
and like-
No, Justin, that's how you tell the future.
It's stupid.
Okay, what about this?
Would Tato skins, the potato chip-
Those would survive.
From potato skins, would that still exist?
Those would survive and let's just say,
invest in Tato skin stock right now.
What about Pringles?
It's just like compressed potato flakes.
Come on.
Yeah, actually, legally speaking,
they can't call those potato chips.
They have to call them crisps
because of Big Potato made it so they had to do that.
So they would probably survive and uptick.
Melissa Pringle, heiress to the Pringles empire,
is actually doing 25 to life in jail
because she just wouldn't stop calling them chips.
That doesn't-
Then they got her.
They found her in a spider hole.
They fucking got her.
It was a sting operation.
Recently, a good friend has rapidly become my best friend.
He's like a brother to me now and vice versa.
As such, I've gotten him a book and a t-shirt for Christmas.
Nothing extravagant.
Do I need to give him advance notice
that I had gotten him something?
I don't want him to feel bad if I give him a gift
and he has nothing to give me.
Of course, getting presents is always fun,
but this really does come from a place
of wanting to avoid awkwardness and not greed.
Brothers, how can I give my friend a gift
without making him feel shitty?
That's from Altruistically at Sea.
You gotta tell him.
Yeah.
Okay, but how?
Hey, no big deal.
I just want to let you know that I got you a couple of things.
They're not super expensive,
but I just wanted to give you the heads up.
For me, where my anxiety tends to rear its ugly head
is in situations like this
where something that seemed like such a normal good idea,
but then I'm confronted with having to voice it out loud
to someone.
I guess the fear for me would be saying like,
hey dude, just no big deal, I got you a Christmas present.
And then their response being, why?
No, that's not, you're not gonna do that.
The best feeling in the holiday season
is getting somebody a good gift.
The worst feeling is receiving a gift
and not having that feeling of getting them a gift.
So don't do that.
Once you reach a certain age,
you gotta start thinking like that.
The gift you are giving them is the feeling of satisfaction
and giving you a stellar Christmas present.
We have emergency gifts on hand.
Just try that, have like a nice bottle of vino wrapped up
like you cared and then just get ready to give it to them.
But is there not something to be said
for like the idea of just if you feel this way
and you guys have become this friends
and you felt like getting him a gift,
like the faith and trust that maybe he felt the same way?
No, absolutely not.
No, that's the different society that you're living in.
You just described utopia, Travis,
and that show got fucking canceled
because of freewheeling ideas like that.
What if you made it a little more cash
than Griffin's suggestion?
You were like, I'd love to,
we need to get together sometime.
I've got a couple of things to give you in a big deal.
That just gives them some advanced notice.
You know what I mean?
I like that.
Thank you, I thought that was pretty good.
I like that a lot.
Can I elevate it?
Elevate it.
Why don't you tell them,
I feel like we are best friends now.
I feel like we have been elevated to best friend status
and I looked online and they said the best friends
get each other Christmas presents.
And you're human society.
And then you have elevated it
because then you've also given them the gift of saying,
I'm your best friend.
When was the last time either of you said to anybody,
I'm your best friend?
I rarely tell other people where my status is in their life.
Hey, listen, buddy,
I'm the best fucking friend you've got in this situation.
Look around you.
This is the best deal you're gonna get.
You know, I'm not gonna lie,
you know what we need right now?
To tell each other that we're each other's best friends.
Yes.
Let's go in a circle.
Okay.
I'm both of your best friends.
Well, you can't have both.
No, you can only have one, choose.
It's not how the superlative works.
I'm Travis's best friend.
God damn it.
I'm Justin's best friend.
That sucks.
No, you messed up.
No way.
I'm just being honest.
I like Griffin a lot.
Griffin's like my second in command.
Oh, but that's second best friend.
Oh, that's good
because I didn't get either of you guys any fucking Christmas presents.
You're my third best friend.
Griffin, you're my third best friend.
My first one is Hank Mardukas.
Hate that dude.
Although, can I tell you something?
He's also my best friend.
That dude's gonna be swimming in Christmas presents.
Let's go in a circle.
Fucking Hank Mardukas. I hope you die, Hank Mardukas.
You're my best friend, but I hope you die.
Two words.
Hank Mardukas.
Mardukas.
No, two different.
Going on Safari on you, Hank.
Hank Safari, two words.
No, the two words are free snacks.
Did you guys ever play the Nintendo 64 game Hank Safari?
The gameplay was a little bit rote,
but the graphics were really ahead of their time.
They really realized Hank in a lot of really great polygons.
But potato chips don't exist anymore.
You've got to eat something delicious and wholesome.
And you can get exactly that from naturebox.com.
These are snacks with no artificial flavors or colors or sweeteners.
There's no trans fat, no high fructose corn syrup.
It's wholesome.
Salt of the earth type stuff.
You can feel good about giving your family
or hiding individual pieces in an advent calendar.
I just got a new box yesterday.
Dang it.
Yeah.
And I got some Kung Pao pretzels.
What does that even mean?
Oh, they got like, what they taste like is like really good,
really like quality ramen on pretzels
with a little bit of Asian spice.
So good.
That sounds delicious.
Just awesome.
These are, there's even snacks on there
that don't have added sugar or gluten ingredients.
I know we're always talking about the peanut butter nom noms,
but it's as fun to say as it is to eat
and bake sweet potato fries since potato chips don't exist anymore.
You can eat those.
That's available to you.
That's a good stop gap.
Justin, how much would one of these boxes cost our listeners?
Free, you impeccable man, you free.
Free, not a red dime.
Free snacks.
Those are the two words I want you to keep in mind.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Every single week we hear from listeners who said,
thank you, I'm sorry I waited so long.
Fuck these snacks are good.
Thank you for hooking me up with these free snacks.
We packaged these ourselves.
We hand packaged these free snacks just for you.
I coat each nom nom in delicious peanut butter one by one.
Each one takes me six minutes.
So do the math.
Hey, here's an idea.
You should sign up for this.
Get it in time for your holiday party.
Put them out as like little snack nauseous.
We have no way of knowing that's possible.
Well, I mean, I'm just saying if you could
or for a new year's party.
Yeah, or for a mid January party.
But put them out, you're gonna look
and people are gonna be like, you get these at Trader Joe's?
Where did you get?
And be like, nope, I got them at nature box.
And then you can tell them to go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and then you're just spreading the word, the good word.
If every person on earth went to naturebox.com slash my brother
and got a free box of delicious snacks,
that's the kind of worldwide change
that I want to bring to the world all the wide around it.
It's time we take down big potato.
If you wanna take down big potato, you're gonna need some money.
They have a lot of lawyers on hand,
but you decided you're gonna put a stop
to their starchy shenanigans and you're gonna need a war chest.
So it's hard to get money.
It's hard to borrow it.
Nobody's got any money in the world,
but if you need to borrow money, somebody else might have some
and you can get a low fixed rate loan at prosper.com.
You can borrow up to $35,000 in five days.
Use the money for anything you want.
Pay off high rate credit cards.
Fix up the house for the holidays.
Stop big potato.
It's weird that they put that.
It's weird that they put that in the notes.
That's prescient of them.
Wait a second.
They've also mentioned Frankenstein's dick.
They are the one.
How did they know about that classic future bit?
If you go to prosper.com slash my brother,
you can check your low rate instantly
without affecting your credit.
Go to prosper.com slash my brother
and for a limited time listeners of ours,
you get a $50 visa gift card with your loan.
So that's just a bonus 50 bucks.
You can blow anything you want.
Prosper.com slash my brother.
That's prosper.com slash my brother.
Other restrictions apply.
See site for program and visa prepaid card details.
All personal loans are made by web bank,
a Utah chartered industrial bank,
member FDIC, equal opportunity lender.
Justin?
He's having an asthma attack.
Kevin, do you have some messages?
Yeah, real quick.
Got a message for Alex and Aubrey.
Double your pleasure.
That's a little stinger I came up with
for when a message is for two people.
Perfect, a stinger.
That's what we need.
We need to direct more music in this show.
Okay, well, this is great because it's from Jazz.
Who says,
that's a saxophone.
Jazz says, happy birthday, Alex and Aubrey.
Here's a list of out of context inside jokes.
Entrepreneurial.
Wow, that's a fucking word, isn't it?
It's more than a half, man.
Entrepreneur.
God, entrepreneur.
Now you're thinking about it.
I am, aren't I?
Entrepreneurial.
Did I get it?
Yep, got it in one.
Entrepreneurial pirate, mouth winking.
You're a stone cold fox.
The old man who talks about dead teens.
The colonies are in revolt.
Geno, or perhaps gino, gets in the pizza with you.
I'm so sorry everyone else, but hey, these are the jokes.
Love Jazz.
That's probably what it's like listening to my brother.
I skipped one.
Frankenstein's dick.
Got a message from Mr. Kelch from Kat.
And Kat says, Eric, ketchup needs to be refrigerated.
Why did you need a message for that?
Of course it does.
Eric, ketchup needs to be refrigerated.
Stop saying it doesn't.
And that it is better warm or there will be some divorce.
There we go.
Love your wife, PSJK on the divorce, but seriously.
Cold ketchup is the right ketchup.
I got some bowling alley french fries last night
because my life is a garbage.
And they-
Garbage body.
I have a garbage body.
I'm garbage all over.
I played foot golf yesterday and my glutes, my whole butt-
Excuse me.
It's called soccer.
Yeah.
Is foot golf just kicking the ball because you don't have a club?
You kick a soccer ball into the hole, like golf.
Okay.
But my glutes, my butt is garbage right now.
What was I saying?
Oh, right.
I had to eat warm ketchup and I wanted to die.
I'm saying the divorce, it sounds sad
because it sounds like you've worked a really hard time
on your guys' love and it's an investment and it's special.
But you got on the right thing.
You got to toe a hard line against these fucking monsters.
Oh my God, guys.
Guys, we have talked about potato-based products
in literally every second of this show
and I'm so hungry for potatoes right now.
I would do terrible things to some potato.
A raw potato, I would eat like a golden delicious apple right now.
Would you pluck off the eyes?
I would bite off the eyes, chew them up, swallow them,
and then I would eat the potato whole raw.
Okay.
Would you just, you would swallow it in one go?
Because right now we're in a big golf territory.
Trademark infringement.
I would just, hold on, wait.
Can we get, would it be a Mr. Potato head?
Because then that's some good for dog.
Yummy, yummy.
That's some good, good for.
This is all things considered.
This is 99% invisible.
We're listening to Pop Culture Happy Hour.
It's bull's eye.
The podcast Song Exploder does pretty much what its name suggests.
Musicians break apart songs so you can hear the pieces.
Track by track, instrument by instrument.
How they were imagined, created, and built into a composition.
And all of these artistic decisions are packed into this 11 or 12 minute show.
It's really fascinating to hear them explain how they fit these pieces together.
The concept is simple but brilliant.
Subscribe to Song Exploder at songexploder.net.
You can also find it on iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
Folks, your friends and my brother, my brother and me like to play experts on the podcast.
But sometimes our own knowledge, our own expertise has limits, believe it or not.
Even after 230 episodes, there are still things we don't know.
And in those situations, we call upon what we have cleverly titled,
in a handy bit of neologism, a guest part.
230 episodes, I think one thing that we don't know is when to stop.
Just when to like get out on top.
Just get out of the intro.
Our guest today is Bill Corbett from RiffTrax, MST3K.
Many other, a current playwright, songwriter, cruise director.
I'll keep going.
Power lifter.
Power lifter.
Comic, comic book, funny, funny book, man.
What is the funny boy?
Comic book funny boy.
I like it, guys.
Bill Corbett, welcome to this program.
Thank you.
I am a comic book funny guy.
I'll embrace that.
We have questions.
Let's get right to them.
Let's help people.
Thank you, of course, so much for joining us.
Oh, my pleasure, you guys.
I love your podcast.
Your many podcasts.
Read it and weep, Ms. Williams.
Said we wouldn't amount to anything.
Aside from, I've been haranguing her lately.
I think three episodes I've mentioned Ms. Williams.
And I don't think she exists.
I think she's fiction.
No, because I believe she told me the same thing.
I remember her saying to me, do you
know how many people from Huntington, West Virginia
have ever gone on to succeed in the entertainment industry?
And I said, no.
How many?
She said, none, which is not true.
Not 100% true.
Yeah.
No.
She needs to be your next guest pert.
She's dead.
She's shaming.
Oh, is she dead?
She's dead, Bill.
Thank god.
How could you?
She can't get to you guys anymore.
Our most inspiring teacher.
I remember being in third grade.
She said, you'll never be on a podcast.
And that's a pretty good pull.
Yeah, 1993.
Wait, hold on.
Think about it.
I think we just found the evidence that we need
to overturn that one patent.
So let's circle back to that.
Now we got it.
We can't forget to circle back to that when we're done recording.
We'll be certain to email that patent troll.
Here we go.
Questions.
Aside from continuing to, quote, circulate the tapes,
what can I do to help foster the skill of riffing movies
in any future children I may have?
It's a skill that has carried me and less enthusiastic friends
through many a bad movie, whether in my school days,
dealing with my mom's hallmark movie binges,
or just because laughing at a bad movie seemed like fun.
Is the art of riffing something we can pass on,
or should I not worry about it
and just hope my kids take to it naturally?
That's from Zap Rausdauer.
Who, for those of you who know, that's a MST3K deep cut.
He was the hero of one of our movies.
I'm not even sure that qualifies as a deep cut.
That seems like the, that's that primo stuff.
I'm being modest on behalf of the old show.
Yeah, the future children.
Let's talk about the future children.
The potential, the at this point hypothetical maybe kids.
The twinkles in this man's eye.
This guy's priority, by the way,
for like of all the parent inquiries,
this is gotta figure out how to teach the kids to riff.
Maybe he's nailed down all the more important ones
and he's moving on to the refinement.
He knows how to talk to him about sex.
He knows how to talk to him about drugs.
But how do you talk to him about bad movies?
Got it.
Has the college education all lined up?
You know, I always think, you know,
it's just something to take to naturally.
I think he answered his own question here.
It depends on your goal really.
If you just wanna have a couple of laughs with your family
and you know, kids will pick up on your wise assery,
no doubt about it.
But if you're trying to get your career in movie riffing,
they don't exist really outside of about a dozen of us.
And it is a weird thing to do.
It's a weird thing to just sit there and painstakingly write.
You know, I flatter ourselves, but we do write
like an alternative comic soundtrack to a movie.
So it's more than just kind of hanging around
and making jokes, which is fun too.
We tried to do it for an educational short as like
a max fun bonus material that I think is still out there.
And Jesus Christ, that thing was like a minute and a half long
and it took us like a month.
It was like pulling teeth.
It is a bit laborious.
We are masochists first and foremost.
Do you take a dry run first?
That's basically just all of you shouting at each other
and then hone from there.
You know, we used to when during the old show days,
I feel like an old vaudevillian here,
back in the 90s, lads, at the height of vaudeville.
Comedy Central, also the comedy channel.
Well, we actually used to just sit in a room together
and look at the movie and just blurt out whatever.
It was like a mass tourette syndrome.
While one poor sap, one of us had to kind of just record
as we went.
And we took turns doing that to spread the pain around.
But now for riff tracks, we just kind of each write
about a quarter to a sixth of the movie in a first draft
and take a run at it and then try to mash it all together
in some Frankenstein-like first draft.
Over your years of riffing on terrible films,
whether it be Misty 3K and riff tracks,
are there any particular mistakes or just bad ideas
that you see repeated frequently?
And that's from Bevan Blocker, who
says that his name is pronounced Bevan like Kevin.
OK, Bevan, or Beevan, if I might.
OK, if we may be familiar for a moment.
I feel like we've grown close enough, Bevan.
Yeah, there's one.
I don't know if my colleagues are as obsessed about it
as I am, but the idea of the kind of do-nothing,
personality-less main hero, the protagonist,
usually a chunky white dude who's considered good-looking
by some standards of mostly like 1950s Hollywood.
I guess I'm thinking of that time in movie history
where you could just put a sort of bland-looking guy
in front of a screen, a six-foot-one white guy,
and just have him be the lead in your movie
and not have him really have any qualities
that are appealing in any way.
Except that he's there.
Except that he's there.
He occupies physical space.
Sure.
And he doesn't trip over his feet.
I mean, that's about it.
It's got to be the producer's like,
who's the most handsome guy we know?
Like, the most handsome guy we know in real life.
Right, right.
I always think it's who's the least weird-looking.
Like, no one's going to say anything.
They don't have that nose or those weird ears.
No one's going to be upset by his face.
I think that is well put.
Yeah, just a blank slate.
In the case of Zapp Rousder, though,
some casting director dropped the goddamn ball.
Oh, but he's great.
I mean, he's comparatively great.
At least he does something.
He drinks a lot of beer, first of all.
Sure.
Yes, but he also runs around and shoots guys.
I wonder if people who make and write video games
get a lot of their inspiration from that very bland,
milk-toast protagonist.
Because I don't know, you also just accurately described,
maybe without realizing it,
every video game protagonist is just like,
a dude who is just like,
that's the thing that holds the gun
that you shoot the guys with.
Right, right.
That's about all that you get out of it.
Somebody asked the question on Twitter,
and it wasn't, sorry, quite good enough to make the cut,
but the question was good.
Take that.
The idea was great, which is,
now that watching bad movies has become
such a thing that people do,
there are directors and studios trying to make bad movies,
like a shark potato, that kind of idea.
And do you think that that is kind of like,
ruining, spoiling the recipe?
Because it's like, no, it has to be accidentally bad.
Yeah, I think you can tell the difference.
And I think people who go to Sharknado,
or Sharknado 2, know the difference.
We actually did a live show of Sharknado,
and we'll probably go on to Sharknado 2.
But we have to sort of switch our gears a little bit,
and sort of acknowledge that, yeah,
they are trying to make a bad movie,
and trying to have one over on us.
So we just try to find a way around the edges there.
But yeah, I mean, there are these pure uncut bits
of bad movie making, like The Room, or Birdemic,
that are just so great in the way that they're bad.
Because you really, you almost could not imagine that.
Someone just tried so hard, and failed so bad.
And so beautifully.
The Room, especially, I've probably watched that movie,
no joke, and I think I'm in good company here,
probably like 30 times.
Yeah, I'm usually like half and half with riff tracks,
and without, they're both really excellent.
But I can watch without riff tracks,
and it's like, I'm enjoying it.
I don't know when my friend Dwight, one summer,
got really into Billy Joel as a joke,
and then the next year,
he was super into Billy Joel like legitimately.
It's the Billy Joel flip.
And I think I made that switch with The Room,
like I enjoy every second of it, it's terrible.
Did you just compare Tommy Wiseau with Billy Joel?
You monster.
Is he Austrian Billy Joel?
He's the something foreign Billy Joel.
Let's not pin him down.
Let's not pretend like we've solved
the grand mystery of life.
Mr. Corbett, you guys have done a lot of movies
that would traditionally, with riff tracks,
I think be traditionally considered to be good.
Good films, even some great films.
Is that a lot harder to write gags around those,
or is it the same sort of form?
Are you talking about The Apple?
No, The Apple's another one, man.
I love The Apple.
Love it so much.
I have to say, I'm with you.
I watched that enough times, The Apple, enough times
that I just fell into its spell.
Some of the songs are really good.
Yeah, they're super good.
They actually are not bad.
Wow, you have it right there, don't you?
He really loves The Apple.
He made me watch it.
We watched that the night before Griffin got married.
Yeah, I was like, no, it wasn't that.
I was like super nervous.
I was like nauseous for being so nervous.
And Jess was like, I got what you need.
It was that and beer, just like a lot of it.
There you go.
Anyway, good movies.
Writing jokes about good movies.
It took a while to adjust to that
because we were never able to do them on the show.
And people were kind of clamoring for us
to do at least more mainstream movies.
But then we decided to try a few that we actually kind of like,
like The Lord of the Rings.
I mean, collectively, we have more or less taste for them.
But Jaws, Raiders of the Lost Ark.
And then we really tried to underline it three times
by doing what we called a riff tracks challenge
by doing Casablanca.
And what we wind up doing really is just joke, of course,
joking less about the quality of the movie being bad
because that would be a lie.
And just sort of roasting it in the old Hollywood fryer style.
And just finding almost like alternative narratives going on
in the moment, just imposing it on them,
whether they like it or not.
Here's a question.
I'm a writer myself, but I often find it hard
to transfer rudimentary ideas from my brain to paper
to be fleshed out.
Do you have any specific process to get ideas out from within?
That's from finding a flourish in Florida.
Oh, well, you're already on your way
with your mastery of alliteration.
Nice.
That's three Fs right in a row.
There you go.
Just keep up that, pal.
That's a do a whole book of F words.
There are so many writing teachers out there,
and there's just so much nonsense.
And I will probably give nonsense here as well
because I just don't think it's one size fits all.
But I can give you a general guideline,
which is do it regularly.
Just do it every day if you can or five days a week.
And don't do it for long.
If you're struggling with the real basics,
like how do I sit my ass down and write,
then just be disciplined, but be kind to yourself
at the same time, which is the discipline part is making sure
you show up every day and do some.
The kind part is don't expect to do whatever that acronym is,
the NaNoWriMo month.
That was fun to watch you say.
It felt really good.
Travis, you're in the studio with Bill.
Did he put some licorice in his mouth
when he tried to say that?
He looked like a dog that you put peanut butter in his mouth
to make it look like he was talking.
It was great.
I quickly put peanut butter in my mouth
while you were not looking.
It was delicious.
Yeah, I guess my point is just regular practice.
There's nothing, there's no substitute
for actually writing.
You can't wait for ideas.
You can't wait for inspiration.
You just have to kind of do it.
And the inspiration will come faster through that,
which a lot of writers have said.
My little part of it is that don't try
to do eight or 10 hours at a stretch.
You'll hate it.
That's great.
I mean, I need that advice.
Thank you very much.
More peanut butter, please.
That's his reward.
Thank you.
We had Elizabeth Gilbert on the show,
the author of Eat, Pray, Love, who said
that you should never try to write in sweatpants
and a shitty t-shirt.
You should dress like a serious...
Is that something that...
Can you write in sweatpants and cozy wear?
Or do you feel like you need to be
a professional businessman?
I have to dress in full tuxedo and tails.
No, I respectfully disagree with Ms. Gilbert.
I write in the shittiest clothes in the world.
You weren't here first, folks.
Beef between Bill Corbyn and Elizabeth Gilbert.
Threadbare garbage clothes for me.
The garbagerier, the better.
I do like her eating and her praying and her loving.
Travis, you know, as you were saying that,
I looked down, I am wearing sweatpants
and a Greetings from Tybee Island t-shirt
with baby vomit on it.
Yeah, that's just the Justin.
It's actually not his baby, Bill.
It's designer baby vomit.
It just came that way.
You pay extra for that.
Pay a lot for this.
Jock strap and a t-shirt.
That's all you need to write.
I meant to mention, I love your jock strap today, Bill.
Thank you.
I have a friend who absolutely hates the concept
of laughing at bad movies.
For instance, he considers watching a movie like The Room
to be a massive waste of time when he could be watching
something better, quote, like Transformers.
Oh, come on.
That's the whole of this, dude.
You know, like Trans Brothers and Mr. Corbyn.
How can we get this farcical flick Debbie Downer
in the right frame of mind?
Or is this a lost cause?
That's from bad movie Buff in Brooklyn.
Oh my God, with the alliteration in your listeners.
We have a pretty savvy audience.
This actually, this reminds me of the first time Griffin
and I watched The Room with my now wife, Teresa.
The look on her face was like a combination of like confusion
and frustration.
She didn't know why we did that to her.
Yeah, she just kept saying, what is this?
Why are we?
No.
I'm testing you, darling.
Yeah, and it was like, get it.
And she's like, no, no, it's bad.
She's bad.
And then we made her watch it like eight more times
and now she loves it.
Oh, sort of Stockholm syndrome.
Yeah, I was very much like, you'll get it, honey.
He's from Stockholm.
We've cracked it.
There is a real problem with the premise of this question
in the Transformers message.
I mean, I don't know where to go with that.
Because if you don't enjoy The Room
and you do enjoy Transformers, I don't
understand you as a human being.
It seems to me like maybe his through line,
he doesn't like really good movies or really bad movies
and he just wants it right down the center there,
like milk toast, nothing.
He likes the movie protagonist of 1950s version of movies.
Sure, yeah.
And he wants to be beat up by Michael Bay.
Well, I mean, I guess there's, why would you try to force
someone to do that?
I guess to marry them if Travis is to be believed.
But that's the only reason, as a weird dourer.
I forget what the actual question was.
I snagged on Transformers.
How do you fix this broken person?
The question, if you really break it down to like really
parse it, is how do you get someone to like bad movies?
And I think it's a little questionable as a premise.
I mean, you're not supposed to, right?
Well, but here's the thing.
Because I was thinking about this on the way over when I got
stuck in traffic, is the idea of I
didn't start liking bad movies.
I started as a kid watching MST3K with dad.
Sure.
And then through that, transitioning
into liking bad movies.
And I think that it's an acquired taste.
It's a thing that's like, you can't show someone who's
only seen current blockbuster quote good or bad movies
and then expect them to like The Room and Manos Hands of Fate
and get it.
Like, you kind of got to like clue them in with,
we're going to watch something that frames it like,
isn't this fun to make fun of?
I think you are really onto something.
And when I was working on the show,
my parents would watch and they could not,
they just couldn't get past the movies.
They would just go like, man, that movie was really bad.
That was just a terrible movie.
So I couldn't watch anymore.
That's sort of the point.
We hope we could sort of take you through it a little bit.
We'll take you through it a little bit, mom and dad.
But yeah, and I don't, I would never force that on people
unless I wanted to marry them.
Do you feel like you guys like provided a really valuable
service to the movie industry, the filmmaking industry
where if a movie studio, I feel like made a really terrible
movie before you guys came around,
it was just a total loss.
It was a disaster for them.
But now if somebody makes a really bad movie, it's like,
well, at least somebody is going to get some sort of like
twisted pleasure at like, like there is a,
there has been cultivated among people and appreciation
for bad movies that wasn't there before.
So at least we've got that.
At least we'll bring some modicum of joy to people.
Especially now with podcasts and like YouTube.
And it's like, everybody talks about bad movies now
in a way that like people weren't doing, you know,
in the 90s.
So for example, I was a teenage strangler was filmed
in our hometown, Huntington, West Virginia.
So when it was on MSD3K, it was like this huge thing
of like, it's back, we've done it.
And it also puts the lie to your old teacher's thing
about nobody ever making it.
Take that, Mrs. Williams.
Well, no, because we're all getting strangled.
By a fellow native though, right?
There you go.
Yeah, so.
It's our town in the best light.
Just culling the herd.
We're building a staircase of human bodies
for him to climb on.
There you go.
Well, you know, I don't know, we've wanted Hollywood
to appreciate that service we provide them for years,
but so far, so far, nothing.
No fungible.
You know, we're just not big enough problems
to affect their sales and that's all they care about.
And when we have actually negotiated them via riff tracks
for bigger titles, it's like diffusing a bomb.
They're very sensitive about it.
And we eventually have shook a few, you know,
90s to early 2000 titles away from them with money,
just with Kickstarter money.
But they're just very concerned about the relationship,
the trail of relationships they have in general.
I'm imagining that conversation, like,
you wanna make fun of Casablanca.
Right.
No.
No, no, you can't.
You can't do that.
Come on, they're all dead.
Come on.
Yeah, you're right.
My girlfriend and I live about 1500 miles apart
and one of our favorite pastimes is watching MST3K
and Riff Tracks together over Skype.
Which MST3K episode of Riff Tracks VOD
would you recommend for a young couple in love?
Amorous in Austin.
I don't, you know, I guess if he's asking me
if it's something that would enhance their love
or sexual pleasure, I'm a little scared of that question.
Frankly.
What's the most erotic MST3K episode?
The apple, hands down.
The Roger Daltrey looking guy
running around in a loincloth.
It doesn't get any more erotic than that.
Can you just repeat the chapter with the sex song in it?
The song that takes place in the sex.
I was drunk at that point of the movie
the time that I watched it,
but I do distinctly remember there being a sex song
that somebody sang while having sex.
Which I think is-
I'm guessing one of your brothers can sing it.
Sex song from the apple.
Oh man, it's gonna make me mad.
I'm gonna-
It's a double entendre, I believe.
It is a single entendre.
It's 1.2 entendres.
I'm coming.
There it is.
It's the one.
Oh, I'm, it's very subtle.
Oh, I'm coming.
Bill, do you think, just like if an actor often says
if they're gonna play a serial killer or a terrible person,
they have to find something within them
that they can relate to.
When you guys watch bad movies or choose bad movies,
there has to be a level on which you like it
in order to make fun of it.
Yeah, I mean, we have to enjoy watching it.
I don't know whether that means we like it or not,
because there are definitely ones
that are on our reject pile
that we just have no fun at all watching.
And we just, we realize that'll be the experience
no matter how many jokes we sling.
Is that because they're so bad
or just because there's not the opportunity
or like, oh, this is so bad that there's nothing?
A little of both.
Sometimes it's just technical.
Sometimes it's just really, really, really boring.
And we don't find a way to make some fun
around the boringness.
I think that's, I actually think that those movies
outnumber the good, bad movies.
I don't know if you have listened to the Flophouse,
a podcast that actually very recently joined Maximum Fun,
but they talk about bad movies.
And they have a scale of movie qualities.
Is the movie good?
Is the movie good, bad?
Or is it just like, not?
There are so many movies that just lack any redeeming value,
whether it be, you know, genuine or ironic.
Oh yeah, well put, yep.
Bill Corbett, thank you so much for joining us
on My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's been a genuine thrill and dare I say, an honor
to have you on the program. Shucks, guys.
What a pleasure talking to you guys.
Where can people find your holiday themed comic book
Superpowered Revenge Christmas?
You just put all those words together that you just said
and add.com and there's all sorts of ways to get it there.
Superpoweredrevengechristmas.com.
And of course, if you've never seen Riffrax or MS-23K,
then you're dumb and you should go do that.
Those people don't, I don't think there is a Venn diagram
between those things in this show.
I think that it's just a big circle.
I tend to agree.
Is there anything else you want to plug?
Plug anything.
No, thank you.
That's what I like to hear.
Bill Corbett, thank you so much for joining us
and have a great rest of your week.
You too, guys.
I guess it's something people say at the end of the day.
Never!
I'm gonna do it.
I'm taking you seriously.
I'm gonna go ahead and do that.
He was fully planning on having a super shitty Friday
and you just turned it around for him.
I'm going for it.
I'm Terry's brother, Jerry Gross,
and this has been our interview.
Trav, we got a lot of, well, first we should say thank you
to Bill Corbett for joining us.
What a treat it was to have that cat on.
Travis, we got a lot of live shows coming up.
That's great.
Announced a lot this week.
What's the haps?
Give me the 411.
Okay.
Well, we already talked about-
Give me the 311.
Okay, great.
We already talked about the-
Bum, bum, bum, bum.
Bum, bum, bum, bum.
Bum, bum, bum, bum.
Emma is the color of our energy.
Okay, you guys are the worst.
Whoa!
We already talked about the Candlelight's live show.
Crazy game of poker.
Bit.ly forward slash Candlelight's live.
Also, if you're going to be at the show
or if you just have a Candlelight's question,
make sure you email that to us
and put Candlelight's in the subject line
so we know that that's what it's about.
We also just announced a Los Angeles live show
with my brother, my brother, me, and Sawbones
on February 6th at 9.30 at the Masonic Temple
in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
Tickets for that go on sale the 16th,
and that's bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M-L-A.
And we will also be at San Francisco Sketch Fest
with Jordan Jesse Goh on February 7th.
And tickets for that go on sale,
well, they're going on sale right now.
And that is bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M Sketch Fest.
And make sure you grab all those tickets
and then also January 6th at UCB Franklin
here in Los Angeles at 11 p.m.
Bunker Buddies is gonna do a live show
with Jordan Jesse Goh.
Tickets for that will be going on sale soon.
And we'd love to see you there.
It's gonna be mine and Andy's first live show.
We're very excited about it.
And if you wanna go to a live show for the Adventure Zone,
it'll never happen because I will never be confident enough
to make that happen.
And we would have to swear you to silence
because we record for four hours
and then edit it down to an hour.
And then, yeah.
You must never know the terrible rules
discussing what happens.
All the dull dice rolling that Griffin has edited out.
All the dullest complaints.
I actually leave the sound of the dice in
because people like get off on that shit.
They got their ASMR.
Speaking of, go check out the Adventure Zone
if you haven't yet.
And then also, which is our D&D podcast
that we do with our dad.
And then go listen to Sawbones,
which is Justin and Sydney's podcast.
And go listen to Bunker Buddies,
which is mine and Andy's podcast.
And then go listen to Big Gulp if you can find it.
Here's a little taste of the Adventure Zone
just for people who haven't tried it out
and maybe want a little sampler box.
It's basically just like,
mm, I cast the magic spells at the orchid.
How many points do I get?
That's what our dad sounds like.
And that's what our dad.
If you haven't heard our dad, he is a-
Now, can we have a sample of Big Gulp
as long as you're giving out free samples?
Yeah, sure.
This week on Big Gulp, Monstro.
Sexiest whale yet?
Thanks to Nature Box.
Speaking of free samples,
go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Sign up to get your free sampler box
of great tasting, healthy snacks.
Snacks.
It's a fun word.
As we head into 2015,
it's a good time to think about
when you want a birthday message
because we'll probably end up doing it two months late.
So if you want to wish someone a happy birthday
or get your Kickstarter or website or something
talked about on the show,
go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron
and all the instructions on how to get
into the money zone are there.
So go do that and we'll see you in 2015.
Do you guys think that 2015 is going to be better
than this fucking dumpster of a year?
Do you want to know?
I had a thought as to what the title for 2015 should be.
Yeah, you told us and it didn't really set our asses on fire
like it did for you.
You didn't like it?
Well, just go and say it.
I was a 2015 and it's all about giving to others
and taking care of the planet and shit.
That's really good, Trav.
Thank you.
I have one other suggestion.
20 Drifting, fire it up.
Get behind the car in front of you.
Go faster as a result of air pressure reduction.
20 Drifting.
Let me hit you with this though.
20 Gulpting.
That's a little promotional for my taste.
We got a YouTube channel, nbmbam.com slash YouTube.
No.
No?
No?
No?
I went, we bought YouTube so fuck you.
You want to get YouTube, you got to go to my
Where's my Rhyme of Gotham sound though?
Slash Studio City slash GeoCity slash Tripod
slash Angel Fire slash YouTube
and you'll find all your videos there.
Where's all my Beyonce songs?
They're all at YouTube.com slash nbmbam
is our actual address.
Thanks again to Bill Corbett, by the way,
for joining us on the show.
That was a lot of fun and what an honor
to have that guy on.
Next week is our,
next week's our Candle Nights Live show, Spectacular.
It might be up late because we're recording it
late Sunday night and that is way later
than I usually edit the show.
So maybe a Tuesday episode.
Sorry for the lateness.
You will get it before Christmas.
Oh, you'll get it, yeah, definitely, definitely.
And again, like our other Candle Nights shows,
that'll be clean so you can listen to it with family
and not feel uncomfortable about it.
And we want to say thanks to John Roderick
and the Long Winters for the use of their theme song.
It's a departure from the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Well, it's our theme song, not really theirs.
So if you're gonna steal my fucking game, then just-
Well, you weren't doing it.
You weren't doing it.
You should listen to John Roderick's Christmas album too.
Who's Rod Ruck?
Oh yeah, One Christmas at a Time.
Him and Jonathan Colton did a great Christmas album
you should listen to.
That's gonna do it for us.
We're done.
We're done, final yahoo.
We love you.
We love you very much.
This final yahoo was sent in by Connor Stuxlager.
Hell of a name.
Thank you, Connor.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
They are suspended.
But when they were living, they asked,
do you think Santa Claus is opposed
to Obama's death panels?
Wow.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org, comedy and culture, artist-owned, listener-supported.
Welcome to Oh No!
Ross and Carrie.
Ross.
Hi Carrie.
What do you think is creepier?
Okay.
If you go into a swimming pool, all of a sudden, the water goes away and instead of water,
there is the bones of your dead ancestors or our show.
That's pretty tough because we visited a live exorcism.
We joined the Ordo Templi Orientis where we had to worship a naked lady.
Oh, and we joined that Tony Olomo cult.
They were scary.
Super creepy.
We joined the Ethere Society.
We tried penis enlargement, or at least I did.
Oh boy, I tried breast enlargement.
We have basically done every creepy, weird, fringe thing except for thousands more, which
we will get to if you listen to our show.
I'd still say the swimming pool of my ancestors' bones.
Well, then I don't even know if people should listen.
I guess they shouldn't.
But if you want to, we're at Maximum Fun and the show's called Oh No!
Ross and Carrie.
