The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls from around the globe, it's my brother,
my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era Eurovision special. My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm the oldest brother. Oh, I'm Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother. I'm your sweet baby
brother Griffin McElroy. Justin, I love how you said Eurovision special really quick
and under your breath as if to hide it. I didn't want it to be a big commitment
because I don't want to talk about it that much. Oh folks, don't get it twisted. This bit might not
work. And so Justin just left himself a little ripcord, a little parachute to get out of it
if he needs to. What? I never said that. What are you talking about? I thought I was pressing the
cough button. It's funny that you said that, Travis, because many of the performers in Eurovision
2016, their acts involved parachutes of multiple kinds. Now, I did not watch Eurovision
because I wanted to come at this Eurovision special with fresh eyes as our audience might.
I want to be their window in. I want fresh data. Quite a sacrifice. Fresh, dumb, uninformed eyes.
Exactly. So tell me it's people from countries that are not America singing songs. It's gotten
to the point with the Eurovision contestants where it's starting to feel a bit intentional.
Like it is not just Europe, but it's definitely not America. Like that's kind of becoming what
they mean by this. Like they only let us watch it this year on the logo, which is such a perfect
pairing for it. Here's the thing, fellas. I don't think they can keep America out for too long
because we have a special way of getting what we want. We're a little bit of a juggernaut,
I think would be the word I would use. I don't want to get dictatorial about it, but
what baby want, a baby gonna get. If we levy sanctions against Europe so that we get to
participate in Eurovision, maybe that's like the first act of whoever's president in 2017.
If we already weren't embargoing them in some way to get me up on that stage. Here's the thing,
my boys, my brother boys. I recently came to the sad realization that even if I started right now
and I started working real, real hard and I quit both of my jobs, all of my jobs, my many jobs,
I quit all of them and I just dedicated myself to sport, I probably will not be able to qualify
for the Rio Olympics in 2016. How many months away is that?
Like one. And I was really thinking about like maybe there's some loophole, maybe there's some
sport I haven't thought of that if I just really put my nose to the grindstone for 30 days,
I could get Olympics good at. Is there like a beanbag cornhole in the Olympics this year?
If there was baggos in the Olympics, and God knows I've been petitioning the council for that
for a long time, but no, sadly, no. My best chance is beach volleyball and that's even way beyond mine.
Even that, those dudes are like nine feet tall. Yeah, and the women are nine feet tall,
everyone's nine feet tall, it's a nightmare. Everyone's nine feet tall.
And all the dudes got that surgery to sew up all their various cracks and holes
to prevent sand infiltration. And to prevent ball passage through.
They've made themselves into human kites, essentially. Yeah, basically.
So the situation is such that I will not, this is my formal announcement,
I will not be attending and competing in the Rio Olympics 2016 games.
Even if invited? If invited, you know I'll be there.
Okay, this is a boycott. He's not a cad.
No, it's just I don't think I'll be able to do sport that good.
So my whole thing is now I'm turning my attention to just what the next thing will be,
and I think the next thing will be me representing America in Eurovision 2017,
singing my song about patriotism or whatever the situation is in 2017.
Here's what I'm confused by, because it seems like there's a structure already in place
of like everybody's got their own idol, American idol, Canadian idol, you know,
Britain X Factor, whatever they call it over there.
It feels like it should be like the Miss America pageant,
where everybody like wins their idol, and then we have like a world idol.
It is essentially like there's the UK's dudes were these two dudes that were on The Voice,
and they competed against each other on The Voice, and they were bitter rivals.
But then I think, much like in a Japanese visual novel,
these two pretty- Or the Mighty Ducks.
These two pretty boys- Nope, not exactly like the Mighty Ducks.
I was doing a Japanese visual novel joke because these two very pretty boys fell in love,
and I don't think that happens in D1, D2, or D3.
Tidbit? Hold on.
Hold on, wait.
Charlie and Banks.
I'm writing notes right now that say
Mighty Ducks, Japanese visual novel, any boy slash any boy.
Okay, we got that one filed away for later.
Can I please do this?
Can Griffin just be for America?
Can Griffin just do this?
I promise not to fuck it up.
Like a lot of those boys got up there,
and it was only the boys that fucked it up, I feel like.
Yeah. Because the boys would get up there,
and they had a guitar.
And once I saw a guitar, I was like, I'm not going to enjoy this.
What I want is a woman in a dress made out of crystals and light,
and then she does a Final Fantasy summon.
Those were the best ones.
Those are the best ones.
The Ukraine did one where she was dancing and light came out of her feet,
and then she sucked up all the light in the entire stadium.
All the light flew into her body,
and she was glowing, and then she scream sang a sad dirge into the air,
and a tree made out Yggdrasil fucking barfed out of her mouth
and filled the place with life and beauty.
And that's kind of, I think, the style I would go for.
Travis, they've been doing this for 60 years,
and it only now occurred to them that maybe they could let us watch
this amazing spectacle that they have been hiding from us for all this time,
because they were afraid, rightfully so, that we would ruin it.
Griffin, step by step, what would your performance be?
Walk us through it.
So just based on the Eurovision I did watch,
it would involve whatever song I sang.
Is there a song that has two key changes?
How many does Man in the Mirror have?
It's got, it can't be previously published.
That's one of the rules.
Oh, really?
Okay, what about Boy in the Reflective Surface?
Okay.
I'm contemplating the boy in the rockage of us.
I'm wondering if we could do things a little differently.
Make that transition.
Switch it up.
There was, I can't remember, I think it was Croatia had this thing,
where she looked dope.
I think it was Croatia who looked like Robin, essentially.
And she came out and she's wearing like a kind of a big kimono situation.
And then there are four monks there.
And the four monks did nothing.
They just stood behind her.
But at one point, two of them came up and tore her dress apart,
and she was wearing a better, even cooler armor dress underneath.
So like definitely, definitely something like that.
Whatever I do, it's going to be opulent.
That's for certain.
And it's going to involve the consumption and expulsion of light
from every pore on my body.
One of the coolest things, or the craziest things,
or however you want to say it about Eurovision,
is that they have, there are like 26 competitors in the finals.
And 10 of the, like 20 of those are from semifinals.
One is from the host country.
And five of them are the UK, France, Germany, Spain, and Italy.
Because they give the most money, so they always get to be there.
They get to be, yeah.
That's fucking, that's so good.
I like that much transparency in a thing.
It's just like, hey, this is what's up.
I hope one day one of the countries abuses it.
And just like, here is our song.
It's called Time for Fun.
Enjoy.
You must listen.
It's a finalist.
It is called A Time for Fart.
It's just, there's not even notes.
It's just pfft, pfft, pfft.
Were you doing Gru from Despicable Me?
I don't know what country he's from,
but that's what you sounded like.
It was just generically European.
Okay.
Generically European.
One thing I will say though,
I do hope we can get announcers that aren't quite as scandalous
next year for our American Commentation.
At one point, a very attractive young man was,
they said that he was openly bisexual.
And then one of the commentators said,
so everybody gets a turn and I'm not sure that's how that works.
No.
I'm not sure that's what that means.
And maybe they were confused because they saw the person
and thought they were, you know, a carnival ride.
Or maybe I misheard and they thought,
they said he's open with his bicycle.
So everybody can ride his bicycle.
And now, welcome to the stage,
a pile of orifices that can sing real nice.
I don't think that's how it works, Carson.
Anyway, Eurovision Song Contest was amazing.
Catch you in 2017.
I'm gonna be there.
I still won't be allowed to perform,
but if they are, Griffin is ready to answer the call.
I would like Griffin to perform
and I would like Justin and I to commentate
because there would just be a lot of this.
What?
What?
Over and over again.
He's amazing.
If they don't let the US in, I'm fucking moving to Croatia
and I'm gonna make the connections I need to make.
I'm gonna grease the right wheels,
grease the right elbows.
By the way, just like YouTube Eurovision like greatest
or Eurovision weirdest or your,
if you have no idea what we're talking about,
please seek this out.
This is like high quality entertainment.
Anyway, it's not as high quality as the show
we've got prepared for you.
So let's get to it.
My girlfriend and I just moved to a new city
where we only know a single person.
We like this person
and she has gladly welcomed us into her group of friends.
The trouble is she and her friends
are all salaried software developers
of big tech companies.
My girlfriend and I are artists currently working hourly.
We like hanging out with these people,
but they often end up at bars, restaurants, et cetera,
that are a bit over our budget.
Even game nights can get pricier than we like
once we order takeout from their favorite nice places.
Brothers, how do we trick our well-to-do friends
into adopting our penny pinching lifestyle
that's from not so salaried in Seattle?
This is really a very tough question.
It really is.
It's a hard one to start out.
We could have started with a softball scraps.
Nope.
Hey, this is 303.
This is volume two, no more softballs.
I've reached a...
I don't know how to talk about this
without sounding like a complete asshole,
but I don't really care so much
about the exchange of finances anymore
when it comes to a hang sesh or a dinner with friends.
And I think it's just because I'm doing better than I did
when we started doing this podcast
and I was absolutely coming from the other way.
And I was like, oh, when you split the check,
it's not right.
One person eats a steak, one person eats salad.
To me, it's harder for me to get a hang sesh
going with my group of friends.
And so this stuff doesn't matter as much to me anymore,
which I know is not helpful to hear.
I mean, it's a little bit, I'm with you.
I understand what you're saying.
It's also kind of a privileged position.
It's a privileged position,
but the point I'm trying to make is like,
I bet to your friends,
it doesn't matter as much that you cannot contribute
as much to the hang session.
But that's just like,
I feel like that's how our group of friends operates.
I feel you.
Cause every so often,
I find myself in a position
where I'm able to cover something
where I'm like, I've got it.
Dinner's on me, right?
And you'll occasionally see the other person
kind of do that little bit of like slump shoulder.
Like, I feel bad that I can't contribute.
And it makes me happy to cover the thing
and it doesn't,
or if someone's like, just says outright,
like, hey, could we go somewhere else?
Like, this is a little out of my price range.
I'm never gonna judge them for it.
No, I'm totally fine with that too.
At my point, it's just like,
I am so psyched when I can get a board game sesh
together with my friends because-
You're saying sesh a lot.
Huh?
You're saying sesh a lot.
Am I saying sesh a lot?
Like, okay.
I'll dial it back.
Whenever I'm having a fucking box social with my buds,
like, I get so excited to,
that that event has come together
that like, I just like, I don't really,
I don't really,
I just don't care if I get dinner.
And then that's not coming from like,
hmm, my treat, hmm, come together.
People feast upon my genera-
It's not that, it's just like,
I don't give a shit about that.
The more important thing to me is like,
I'm happy that we all got together.
So like-
One thing you can try is that like,
if everybody goes through different times,
they have a bit more money
and there's other ways that like,
your friends can contribute.
So sometimes we'll go out with like,
a couple friend and you know,
we'll, I'll cover the check
or Sid and I will cover the check.
And then after the meal,
I'll look at the husband and I'll say,
and no, I will help you-
No, come on.
Yeah.
No, but listen, hear me out.
I don't want to hear,
no, I specifically interrupted you
because I didn't want to hear you out.
I guess one thing you could try-
Hold on, I want to see where he's going with this.
No, I will have a little woman.
Like, I'll try, like, you say it like that.
Like Zon- like Zon-Geef.
You say it like Zon-Geef?
No, I will have your woman.
Okay, let me give a secondary.
Okay, you're doing the drag.
I feel like that one got outvoted.
Yeah.
You're both artists.
Congratulations.
This problem has been solved.
Courtesy of yours truly,
Justin McElroy, the king of device.
Next time everybody, they get their,
what is it, Sesame Chicken Wings,
Pho, what is it?
It's like a good takeout.
Like what's fancy takeout?
I only have like eight different Papa John's here.
But like you have Pho takeout,
you're just like eating your-
Now what is Pho takeout?
Is that like the restaurant is somehow your rival,
your enemy, and they challenge you to eat their food?
I don't know what Pho is,
but a lot of people are-
Well, it's nothing.
It's Pho.
You mean Pho.
Pho?
Yeah, dog.
What?
The O has like a fun line over it.
That sounds like you're gonna finish a word
and like bail halfway through, like Pho.
Can I get some fun soup?
All right, let me try.
Let's say you're getting like really nice pizza
and you get like, they order from a place that puts like gold in it
and you are eating it.
And as you're eating it, because you're an artist,
you can just look at the person who picks up the check
and say, congratulations, you're now a patron of the arts.
Cause that, think about it.
They're helping to support putting more artistic works
out into the world because they're helping to keep you fed.
They're giving you pizza fuel so that you can make artworks.
If you're an artist, you are never mooching.
You are allowing patronage to occur.
It's a beautiful system that's been in place
since the middle ages.
And who are we to upset that particular alcove?
Take a pepperoni off the za and especially one
that has a pool of grease in it.
And then you take a parchment and then you do a little doodle.
Look at this political cartoon I made.
You take two of the garlic breadsticks
and you stick forks in them like Penny and June.
And you say, look, I do performance art.
You just help pay for it.
And then you just eat the breadsticks.
It also, if it comes down to it,
maybe you plan an event every so often
and try to work that into the rotation
of you guys all hanging out.
Then you have a little bit more control over
what the cost of everything is
and what the spending of everything is.
And-
But this, this hard thing is like,
I know what you're saying, Trav,
but like the hard thing is like, it's also not,
I mean, this is shitty, but like,
this is such a pervasive thing.
Like this happens for a lot of people who are like,
everybody's at the same social economic strata
in college, basically, because, or, you know,
high school and college, because like,
everybody's doing, nobody has a job.
Like nobody has a job.
And then it gets like stratified over the years after it.
And it's like, it's not fair for this couple to like,
try to get everybody to do something
that is like less expensive.
You know what I mean?
Like, cause it's not a concern to them.
I think the bigger, the bigger issue is in that,
in that first sentence of the question,
when they say they just moved here
and they really only know one of these folks.
And so like, I feel like,
I've never stopped hanging out with somebody
because we were in different economic strata or whatever,
but I can understand how that discomfort could be magnified
based on the fact that you are new to this group.
And so it's sort of, yeah.
It's a little bit harder to be like,
I can't afford it and not expect a judgment
cause you don't know these people as well.
I still don't think there'll be any judgment,
unless these people are like complete jags.
There won't be judgment.
It'll be self-inflicted, right?
It's an emotional toll it takes on you.
Like, cause you do feel that way.
Like even if the other people don't care,
like I think people like, I like,
I look for opportunities where I can like,
do this kind of stuff
because I like taking care of people,
but I know that that also has like,
you know, some people that sort of grates on them.
And you know, I also bet that like these people
look at you with a tinge of jealousy
because you guys get to like create art
and like, they may love their jobs,
but like wish that they could be artists
and you know, that kind of thing.
Like everybody has something in their lives
that everybody else looks at and goes,
I wish I could do that.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
So it's not like their lives are perfect
and you guys are not doing it, right?
Just everybody has a different path.
A lot of people look at me and they say,
I wish I could sing and spin at the same time
like Griffin does for his Eurovision performance.
And I say, it's really hard to do
because like a lot of people can sing,
a lot of people can spin, doing both at once.
It's really tricky.
Can I move on to this,
as long as we're talking about fungible financial,
fungible matters.
I'd love to discuss a relevant.
That was my favorite TGIF show.
Fungible matters.
Everywhere you look,
that's not the theme song to Family Matters.
This one was sent in by Rob Van Lipwig.
Thank you, Rob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, okay.
Well, okay.
All right.
So this Yahoo Answers user has BRAC as their user icon.
So I got really excited about what the name would be,
but then I hovered over it
and the name is BRAC Hates Hillary Clinton.
No.
Okay.
Which I don't know.
I don't think that's,
I think you may be projecting a little bit.
Anyway, this person says,
how would you handle students
who charge your son or daughter $1
each time he or she farts in class?
That's so open.
That's what you're going to say.
You were hoping I was,
you were,
at what point did you start hoping for that?
He waited with bated breath.
How would you handle students
who charge your son or daughter $1
each time he or she farts in class?
I love this because I think-
Oh, you love this.
Well, there's an inherent implication
that it has happened enough
that they had to establish punitive measures.
Yeah.
Well, this was like the swear jar in the office.
That it was like, no, you know what, Derek?
Fine.
You want to do it every time it's a dollar.
Now, do you want to do it?
Oh, you're still doing it.
$5.
I would want this because this could turn into
a very weird potentially profitable form of bullying.
Potentially profitable form of bullying
because if in the wrong hands,
this law keeper would just be like,
I heard that cheesy blaster.
Give me a buck.
And it's like, I didn't, I didn't.
Guys, I didn't.
I didn't blast one.
That wasn't me.
These are a little higher pitch.
That's how you can tell.
I would almost want this to be
either like an elected position
or like a captain of the safety patrol.
Maybe just the captain of the safety patrol
is the one that does it.
The question is,
is it everybody is held to the same standard
or is it just one kid?
Right.
Can he buy somebody else's carbon offset credits
to like blow some more
if they aren't particularly tooty?
That's a good point.
Another form of corruption is you just bribe
the justicar and say like,
how about you let me get off scot-free?
I'll give you five for 10.
I also wonder if you can like,
if you do pay the dollar,
that's the system that's been put in place here.
If you do pay the dollar,
do you then get to fart without any sort of like shame?
Like you pay ahead, you pay it forward.
You say like, here's 10 for the day.
Leave me alone.
I'm just gonna be ripped nonstop.
Here's a GameStop pre-order
for the fart I'm gonna do at 3.15 p.m. today.
Look forward to that.
Where does the money go?
Do you think it just goes into a pool for the whole class
or is there one specific kid who's fucking this?
Fucking Cedar Point.
It's like a big class trip.
It's like, damn, thanks, Michael.
Keep eating that fibrous food, my boy.
I'm glad you like that hummus, Michael.
Damn, Michael, I'm having a fun time on this roller coaster.
Glad you're lactose intolerant as fuck, Mikey.
I wish Mikey could have been here with us
on this roller coaster trip he paid for,
but unfortunately his parents had to sell their house.
He dung tooted their savings away.
The law's the law.
This kid's tooting me at a house at home.
I wish it was up to me.
Man, this is the best fart trip we've ever been on, guys.
Next year, let's really up all the sort of high protein beanie foods
and let's get to Cabo.
We had a great time, Ms. Frizzle.
Oh, Ms. Frizzle, let's fart our way to Cabo.
What if the teacher had to pay?
What's the only one?
Like any time someone in the class farted,
the teacher was the one paying the tax.
What sense does that make?
Teachers are already not making enough money.
And now they're having to pay for their students' toots?
I think it's like cab rules, right?
Like they have to hang signs up in cabs now
because human beings are awful.
And it's like, hey, I have to drive around in this car all day.
Just don't, please don't.
I think the teachers operate by the same rule set.
Like you can move on in third period,
you get to leave and go study science,
but your specter hangs out here in this room
I have to be in all day.
I think the teacher gets a buck.
I think a teacher gets the buck.
Well, they're definitely getting their beeg way
in this whole you pay a buck for it.
Like maybe they're getting a quarter per buck.
Oh, they're definitely getting the juice somewhere.
Yeah, the Vig.
It's going towards their 401k, you know what I mean?
I'm worried we've been indelicate.
I'm worried we've been indelicate
because I'm looking at the answers that people have said
and they're all very concerned.
I would talk to the school.
Any act of being mean or extorting another student
is being an actual bully.
If the school principal won't do anything,
go to the school board.
If they won't do anything, raise hell.
Start calling news stations and create a Facebook post
on the school site.
Try to get, oh, thanks dad.
Oh, my flatulent son is getting bullied so bad.
Next on WCHS news, this cave farts a bunch.
Oh my God, you all, you wouldn't believe it.
Anyway, this is bullying
and not just like a once or twice thing.
That's the thing.
Just so we get it right on the lower third,
the last name is Stinkmeister.
No, I told you already.
That's not it.
It's Stonkenmeester.
Stonkenmeester, please.
I don't know which side of this I come down on.
I feel like, Justin, you're a parent now.
Yeah, I kind of feel like it depends
on how the bully comports himself.
Like I feel like if it's very,
if it's like, give me a dollar 40, it's bad.
But if he's like, listen, I hate that.
I hate that I have to do this.
But you know, it's out of my hands.
What if he's got a little like green visor
and like some like sleeve garters
and every time there's a fart,
he just like taps it into
like a paper calculator printer thing
and like pulls out a handle
and he's like, that's one more.
And it's not, there's no bullying to it whatsoever.
This is just like a matter of fact,
exchange of goods and services.
You fart, it's a dollar period.
What's the punishment if you don't pay up though?
Prison?
They break your legs.
Oh God.
Oh yeah, yeah, they break your legs.
What if you have a chair that just like squeaks weird?
Okay, let me pose this to you guys.
Travel back in time in your minds
to when you were in like middle school,
high school, elementary school.
Yeah.
If you knew you could pay a dollar
and if you paid, you would receive no ridicule for farting.
This is what I was saying, Travis.
Like this is what I'm saying.
I think it's worth it
if it's like, I don't have to lie about this.
I don't have to fucking be ashamed.
One time a kid pretended that I farted in class
and it was, this kid pretended that I farted in class
and he was a friend of mine
but he pretended that I farted in class
after I think he farted.
And I got so mad at him that I picked up a pencil
and jammed it into his thigh.
Jesus.
And I got, had a little bit of trouble with the higher ups.
But like-
That whole thing could have been avoided
with the proper exchange of-
If I could have been like, yeah, I guess so.
Pay the man.
Yeah.
Pay the man his fart money.
Like fart bounties could be,
could really help to eliminate the embarrassment.
Right?
You can just do it because it's human.
You should have to pay a price.
There should be a price.
You're admitting,
this would be a great way to teach kids about the carbon tax though.
Like, yes, I understand that you have to admit these gases.
You are going to pay for what you've admitted into our lungs.
I just think that there's a whole sliding scale
you could set up to pay off,
like what is your penance to pay off embarrassment tax in school?
Where it's just like,
oh, like I, whatever,
feeling that I farted in class
or like I accidentally called the teacher mommy.
You know what I mean?
Here's $2 and now I can't get made fun of.
That would actually be a great equalizer
for this fungible strata that we discussed earlier.
Because like, if there's a kid in your class who's like really rich,
then you could just assume that they need all that money
to pay off like the farts that they do.
And so like a rich kid is no longer like in charge of the school, right?
The rich kid is now this like,
oh, you must need all of your parents' money because of-
You're a fart lover.
Yeah.
This has been, this got weird.
Can we do another question?
Man, I'm still trying to get myself together.
I really, for a 35 year old,
like I do think farts are very funny.
Oh yeah.
Like I've been doing this show for a while.
You'd think I'd be a nerd too, but man, oh man.
A good friend of mine has a deathly fear of alligators.
She is petrified by the very thought of them.
She even sees a picture of one, she freaks out.
Now this might be a legitimate fear,
except for one tiny detail.
She lives in Colorado.
Alex, that's gator country.
There was a night when she heard a noise
on her second story balcony and was too petrified to move
because she was convinced that a gator
had climbed into her balcony.
It was flipping around out there and trying to get in.
Jesus.
How can I get her over this ridiculous phobia?
That's from Captain Hook's best friend in the Rockies.
And they call me, I'm the world's greatest cat burglar.
And they call me the gator because of my ability
to scale walls and flip around until I open a door.
I feel like they're terrifying.
Yeah, they're not good.
I sleep on the second story of my house.
If I look out the window and see a gator like flapping
his stupid tail against the window,
I'm gonna let that bad boy in because he earned it.
Come get what you need.
What's his story?
What's your story to tell you?
Come take what you need, stud.
You've earned it getting all the way up here.
You scrappy little lizard.
Come on.
Come on, bud.
Come on in.
Come on in.
Come get what you need.
I was totally immune to both the terror projection ability
of alligators and also the seductive potential
of alligators.
They were a non-threat in my mind until I learned
that those motherfuckers can run at like 40 miles an hour.
And that's crazy.
They can run as fast as a moped.
And that's crazy.
And then that's when I kind of got it.
Because if you've seen the gator, that's too late.
Okay, I've never seen that happen ever.
And that sounds like some bullshit that alligators started.
Don't even fuck with us.
We can run real, real fast.
Yo, Lab Coat, get over here.
Guess what?
I can run 40 miles an hour.
Put that in a book.
Write it down.
Write it down.
If it's in the book, I don't have to do it.
Also, I'm bulletproof.
Yeah, bulletproof.
It says here in this reptile book that alligators can run 40 miles an hour.
And that the boy gators have just big, great ding-dongs.
And they love to...
It says here boy gators have had sex with just like so many lady gators.
Like it's insane.
And then all the lady gators like loved it.
And that boy gators have a bunch of money.
This is crazy.
This book is just a crazy book.
It says this in the book that if you feed an alligator a raw steak,
he'll spit out a Ferrero Rocher and grant you a wish.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
Who would have ever thought that like would be the way that gators work in Tesla?
It says here if gators, if you're a kid and you just jump in a gator's mouth,
then there's a Game Boy in there.
There's a Game Boy in that gator's mouth.
That's crazy.
There's a Game Boy in there and it's got Pokemon in it.
And then the cartridge has all the Pokemon pre-caught and they're all level 99.
That's crazy.
And inside of every gator, there's just a fucking binder
and it has all of the Pokemon cards in it all the way up to Gen 6.
That's fucking nuts.
Anyway, get in there.
It also says it's risk-free.
Get in there, kids.
Get in there, young Griffin.
Get in there.
And that's how Griffin died.
And that's how Griffin died.
I think the problem here is that your friend is afraid of the idea of alligators.
Which is horrifying.
And you need to do a little immersion therapy.
You need to take her to a gator farm.
I'm not saying throw her in a pit with some gators.
I'm saying you need to take her to one of those gator shows
where a burly person wrestles a gator.
Has sex with an alligator.
No.
Oh, sorry.
No.
Where they wrestle the alligator and you say,
see that person just totally dominated that alligator.
You don't have to be afraid anymore.
It's like when I saw when I was like six
and I saw Resident Evil being played by you guys
and I was afraid of zombies for like two years
until I watched a man have sex with a zombie, I guess.
And then it was like, all right, we can beat this thing together.
I think dressing up like a gator is good.
Like, and just refusing until she gets over it.
Because then it's like, oh my, it gets confusing.
Like, I'm afraid of alligators but my best friend's an alligator.
I don't really, maybe I'm not as afraid of them
as I thought I was.
Maybe a baby gator.
They're really cute.
They're not bad.
Yeah.
Get them an egg with a gator in it
and have them raise it from birth.
Yeah, say there's a bird in there, I bet.
You follow them up with this egg.
There's a bird in there, I think.
And then when it hatches, you're like, listen, I understand.
Trust me, this is the scariest part of what's happening.
The reveal, like, wait for the prestige.
Tomorrow's gonna be good.
Today's gonna be bad.
The hatching day will be bad.
The hatching will be bad.
I swear to God, Susan, I thought there was a bird in there.
I thought I was just giving you an advice.
The egg guy told me it was a bird egg.
I don't know what to tell you, but we have to keep it legally.
A special alligator killing eagle is what he said to me.
Maybe it turns into that.
Maybe it will evolve into a bird.
I'm out $17.
How do you think I feel?
That was solid fart money I could have spent.
I had 17 farts down the drain.
Or back up the drain, I guess.
Speaking of fart money, let's get the money set.
I want to tell you about Trunk Club.
Yes.
And you can't stop me.
So everybody today, across the board, no matter what age,
whether you're nine months old or 99 months old,
you don't know how to dress yourself.
Yeah, really old.
You don't know how to dress yourself.
You're a mess.
Look at yourself.
What a good news.
There's Trunk Club, and Trunk Club has lots of people
who can tell you how to dress yourself
and help you find really, really cool clothes
that will fill.
I found a pair of jeans at Trunk Club
that was the jeans I've dreamed about my entire life.
And I didn't know that jeans like this existed
until Trunk Club helped me find them.
You found your dream jeans.
My dream jeans.
They've got personal stylists that will talk to you,
walk you through stuff, and work together with you
to find the looks that you're looking for.
And how it works is they send you the stuff
and then you keep what you like
and you send back what you don't
and you pay for what you keep.
So you don't end up with a bunch of shit
that you don't like and you're stuck with it
and you've already paid for it.
You actually get to try it on,
show it to your friends and family
and say like, what do you think?
Okay, great.
And then you keep it.
So if you wanna check it out,
you can go to trunkclub.com slash my brother
and check it out and maybe work with a stylist.
Check out some shit.
See, I'm telling you, I got an outfit from Trunk Club
that is my new like, I'm going out to a concert.
It's your new Doug Funny uniform.
It's my new Doug Funny.
It's my on and off court buddies.
I wanna tell you guys about Dunk Club.
Now this is a new club I've started.
And basically what it is, is you pay me directly.
That's the best part of the service.
No middleman, just me.
And you pay me directly
and I'll come to your house every day,
every single day, whether you want me to or not.
And I'll just show you one of my dunks.
And it's not really an educational thing.
Like I'm not there teaching you new and exciting
and explosive dunks.
It's just like, you just get to watch me do one.
And it's just one dunk a day.
Please don't ask me to repeat the dunk
because I absolutely won't do it.
And you're just gonna make it uncomfortable.
And you know I'm gonna be there tomorrow.
So like, it's important that we maintain like a sort of balance
in our professional relationship.
But yeah, just come to your house and do one dunk every day.
Oh.
I really only know how to do the one dunk.
And it's just, I have two hands over my head
and I jump as high as I can.
And let's see what happens.
But you do it over and over and over.
Yeah, every day.
Can I tell you about-
So go check out trunkclub.com slash my brother.
I want to tell you guys about Blue Apron.
Now this isn't, now it has the same name
as the other Blue Apron.
But this is another club I've started
where I'll come to your house every day and do a dunk.
In an apron?
In a Blue Apron.
Yeah, it's kind of like a comedy thing.
No, Blue Apron is-
And you just see how dinner is served
as you slam the dunk.
Right, as I slammed the dunk right into the dunk hole.
No, Blue Apron is amazing.
All of us, I'm pretty sure use it.
We all use it, right?
I use it.
Okay, yeah.
Big fan.
It's fucking incredible.
Ate it yesterday, gonna eat it today.
They send you ingredients that you need
to cook incredible meals.
With the highest quality standards
for their community of artisanal suppliers,
family-run farms, fisheries, and ranchers.
We talk a lot about how you get the recipes
and then you make the good meals.
Stuff like Japanese ramen noodles
and I had a salmon salad yesterday
that was like really, really good.
The meals available in May include stuff
like crispy cod and cabbage slaw tacos
with pepita, pineapple, and avocado salsa.
I know, I got some General Tso's chicken upstairs.
General Tso's chicken, yeah.
Yeah, I'm excited about that one.
Middle Eastern chicken and chickpea stew
with pita croutons.
That sounds good.
Got some pita or some pan-seared pork chops
with two cheese mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach.
Like the meals are very, very good
but like what's also really cool
is that the meals usually share
like a common ingredient that's like farm to table
and like really fresh in season
and really, really good.
So anyway, you can check out this week's menu
and get your first two meals free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
It's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Seriously, we all use it.
It's changed my life.
We love it a lot, go check it out.
I did not cook before we started doing it
and now I cook a few times a week and it's amazing.
I've got a Jumbotron message to Ashley
from her husband, Ben.
It says, happy fifth anniversary.
I can't think of a better way to say I love you
than for the brothers to say it for me.
Can we all say it?
Can we all just say it in unison right now?
Okay, one, two, three.
I love you.
I love you.
However, don't worry by the time this airs
I'll hopefully have thought of something else as well.
Probably?
Anyway, here's to another five years together.
You better not, cause we just said it.
So if you say it now, it's gonna be weird.
It's a bit copycat.
What if you say something better?
What if you're the one who finally discovers
something better to say than I love you?
Like discovers like the next strata.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, like what's beyond that?
Like what's the umami of I love you?
What's the umami, the fifth love flavor?
What is the fifth love flavor?
You're joining us here at Kitchen Stadium.
Um, the chef has just used the fifth love flavor.
I have another message I want to do real quick.
It is from Mark Petrocious.
Now people say, how do you remember these names?
And this one I have a mnemonic device for.
It's supercalifragilistic.
Hey, it's Mark Petrocious.
That's how I help.
Always remember it.
And this message is from Drew.
And it says, hey chuckle fuck.
I figured out what better way to spend the money
that you bet me thinking the star wars seven
would be worse than episode one.
Then to have your three favorite brothers let you know
how dumb you are.
Here you go.
Your hard-earned money being used to tell you
how bad you fucked up.
Enjoy.
Yeah, that was a bad bet.
And an expensive bet.
Who does that?
I bet you $150 that this star wars movie is gonna suck.
What?
What?
Guys, that's a bad bet.
It looked amazing in the preview.
Yeah, the trailers were like really.
Yeah.
Nobody knows when Petrocious did this.
Like nobody knows when he made this bet.
Yeah, like maybe he just.
The records have been lost to time.
Did you, maybe it was early.
Like when somebody was like, hey, did you hear the alias guy
is making his own star wars movie by himself?
And he's playing all the parts.
Yeah.
Like that would have been an opportunity.
Maybe at that point.
There's no lightsabers in this one.
Isn't that weird?
Or space.
Apparently it's all happening under the sea.
It's an underwater gungan fuck fest.
Got one more message here.
Okay.
This one is for Ryan and it's from Thomas who says,
hey Ryan, even though you're an upper manager now and have all
these super important responsibilities,
I hope you have a few minutes to hear the McElroy brothers
deliver a message from a lowly peon.
I'm so proud to have you as my brother.
The work you do at patch gaming helps people struggling with
anxiety and depression is incredibly important.
And you're such a great lead events coordinator.
However, I would appreciate it if you'd stop being so damn good
at Kerbal space program.
You make the rest of us look bad.
I know we both have a lot on our plates,
but I'm glad we found the McElroy family of shows together.
Even if my white whale is getting you
to listen to the adventure zone.
You sure it's a pretty good show.
Thanks for being there when I need to talk a great co-op buddy
and my partner in geekery.
I love you, Thomas.
That was very sweet.
That's sweet.
I don't like him that earnest though.
I like, like, don't you want to make fun of him for something?
There's gotta be something.
He's too nice.
You're too good at putting together spaceships that-
You're too good at leading events.
You co-ordinator.
You cool coordinator.
I just looked at the first three words I saw on the page.
That was not a good insult.
You stinking co-ordinator.
Ty is a pedantic person.
I think when he pronounces these words, it's in a very show-offy way.
Jairo.
Yiro.
Sacrebleu.
Sacrebleu.
Ayers Rock.
Uluru.
What you are witnessing is real.
The participants are not actors.
They are actual litigants with real cases.
They call in via Skype to Judge John Hodgman's court, the real people's court.
Now I call you to Judge John Hodgman's internet court.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
How about a yahoo?
How about a cool fresh yahoo?
How about a cool fresh yahoo?
A seasonal, farm-to-market yahoo.
This one was sent in by level9000yajurajudevenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajuranser's user, Abby, who asks,
Out of cheese?
The local Mexican food place was out of cheese,
and I want to write a letter of complaint instead of being rude.
Any ideas of some gentle yet firm things I can say?
A couple of things.
If I worked at this Mexican restaurant and we ran out of cheese one day,
like I know we fucked up, there's going to be three things.
I know I said a couple.
That's the first thing.
The second thing is if somebody walks up to me and says,
hey, you fucked up, idiot.
There's no cheese, dummy.
How am I supposed to enjoy my meals?
I would be upset at that person, but I would be way more upset
if I received a letter in the mail telling me that I have
fucked up with the cheese problem.
To whom it may concern.
Because the insult, somebody wrote something like,
somebody rolls up and gets right up in your grill and is like,
where's the fucking cheese, please?
Then I would be like, ugh, I hate this interaction,
but it'll be over soon.
If I received some sort of physical, tangible artifact in the mail
informing me of a cheese problem that somebody had,
I would be sadder that that person exists.
Then I would be at the person who comes and yells at my face.
I just picture Griffin in that circumstance,
sitting down at his desk, and he's both looking at the letter
and also the cheese order for me forgot to send.
And he's just looking back and forth between the two of them
and sobbing uncontrollably.
Just sobbing, ugh, I really fucked up.
I fucked up the whole cheese situation.
The whole cheese thing.
I did cheese bad from start to finish.
The third thing is just fuck you, man, come on.
You don't think they, come on, they know.
They weren't expecting such a run on cheese, you know?
They thought they had enough cheese for the lunch rush,
and then they had like eight people all come in at the same time
and just ask for a big bowl of cheese.
They weren't expecting it.
It wasn't their fault.
You know, sometimes you just run out of cheese.
That's what being an adult is.
Sometimes being an adult is accepting that there's not always cheese
when you want it, and you have to make do.
Maybe you get sour cream or you get extra avocado, whatever.
But you have to accept that there's not always cheese when you want it.
The world's not perfect.
Did you even stop to see if they had milk?
Because if they have milk,
because if they have milk and thyme, you got cheese, my friend.
Dog, if they got milk and salt and a hairdryer,
you got cheese there, dude.
Did you offer to go get more cheese for them?
Like, I'll go on a cheese run, just kick me like a 20,
and I'll bring you guys back some cheese
because we're all in this fucking thing together.
This big dumb world is still spinning,
all of us are just hanging on for dear life.
I'll go get you some CHWSE, my boy.
And what you didn't pay attention to
is maybe they're cheese ordering guys having a really tough time.
Maybe like he and his wife got in a fight before he came to work
and forgot to pick up cheese on the way.
But here's you in your little cheese-centric world,
not even worried about his feelings.
Maybe it was weird cheese that looked more like butter
and you just thought it was butter though.
Yeah, we all made that mistake at fancy restaurants.
Maybe he had cheese, but he thought it wasn't good enough for you
and he wanted to protect you.
Can I also ask fancy restaurants super quick,
please stop bringing scoops of white to the table
and expecting me to know if they have cheese or butter.
Or cream or ice, very small ice cream or mothballs
because you made a very big mistake.
Yeah, or just like some sort of fun ball like a toy, like a game.
Like it's going to be a while before we can get our food out to you.
So play with this small white ball.
Like a Cracker Barrel?
Yeah.
I want to read this response from Mary's Mama who says,
we have many fast food places near us where we live.
During the lunchtime rush,
it's not uncommon for soap and toilet paper to run out in the breastrooms.
Food items to be made wrong by poorly trained new employees
and other mistakes of all kinds happening,
including ingredients not being available.
If this is a first time occurrence,
tell them, let them apologize and then let it go.
There's a proverb, once is happenstance,
twice is coincidence and three times may be enemy action.
So adjust your attitude,
give them one more chance to do things right
and if they screw up after that, don't go there anymore.
Hold on, is this person saying that the third time
this fast food restaurant hates you?
Yo, fuck you, Derek.
No cheese, no cheese for you, no cheese for you, Seinfeld.
Joe, if this is a first time occurrence,
tell them and let them apologize.
Hey, you ran out of, you should have cheese.
Oh yeah, we're sorry.
But you don't have cheese.
Did you know this?
But they say let them apologize.
I was like, listen, I wanted to say to you,
you ran out of cheese.
Now, do you have anything you would like to say to me?
How do you possibly sound sincere apologizing
for running out of cheese?
Yeah, I don't know.
Thank you for your time.
I will take my answer off the air.
And then you close your eyes and just wait.
When I worked in food service at the country's best yogurt,
we ran out of a yogurt flavor
and if somebody had come up to me and been like,
you'd no longer have cinnamon swirl.
I would say, I know this.
Like, why do you know?
Like if somebody walked up to me and was like,
you're really, really high
and you're just touching the cones with your bare hands
because you forgot to put gloves on.
Yeah, I know.
I know this.
I also get a kick out of like,
as somebody who has worked in many, many retail jobs
and a few food service jobs,
I get a kick out of like people who don't realize
exactly how low on the supply chain
you actually are.
If you were like talking to somebody at a restaurant,
like the idea that they could have in any way
predicted or circumvented the issue of the cheese
is baffling to me.
Like they don't know how the cheese gets there.
They don't know where the cheese comes from before then.
They know there's a place they open up
and sometimes there's cheese
and sometimes there aren't cheese.
Like that's as high up on the chain as they go.
When I worked at Best Buy,
there were numerous times where a truck would come in
and be like, well, we didn't get any wheeze,
which we're still sold out of,
but for some reason we got like 20 Furbys.
So that's great.
And then we'll just add that to the pile.
Yeah, you have no idea.
You're one step up from the customer.
Listen, if you want to come back here behind the counter
and look for cheese, you're more than welcome to.
Because that's all I'd do.
So what you do is if someone complains about the cheese,
you go, come with me.
And then you find the next person up on the chain
and you're like, did you know we were out of cheese?
And then you just keep moving up the chain
until you find the cheese magnate
who's just sitting on a pile of cheese,
not letting it out.
Like the beers, they're just building up,
you know, supply and demand on their cheese.
And you yell at them really hard.
I'm glad we all agree that you have to yell at somebody.
Yeah.
You can't just accept that there's no cheese.
Oh, for sure.
No, this is, well, I don't know where this question came from,
but I'm in America.
Yeah.
Cheese is my right.
I ride my bike to and from work every day,
although listen to the brothers McElroy, that's us.
Hopefully.
Yeah.
We haven't, oh God, TM, TM, TM.
TM, TM, TM, the whole-
Why have we sat on this so long?
For six years, TM on six years.
The time, it cannot protect me from my greatest enemy.
This passes the time,
it cannot protect me from my greatest enemy.
On my way to work, I ride by a small pond
that is home to a particularly rude-
A perfectly rude family.
Perfectly rude family of geese.
They recently just had babies,
and although I respect their life choices,
the parents have become very defensive.
One goose has taken a flying after me as I ride away
as fast as I can.
I'm afraid they're going to bite my legs off,
and I need your help.
How can I learn to coexist with my feathered friends?
That's from wishing I could fly away home in Wisconsin.
We have had a, let's call it tumultuous,
confusing relationship with geesees
in the past, in the history of this show.
I feel like we've oscillated between,
they are modern day velociraptors,
would love to fuck one of them guys,
and then back to the velociraptor thing,
and I feel like that's where we're at now,
and I think maybe it's 2016, 2016, building bridges.
I feel like maybe we need to build a bridge
to the goose community,
and let's just really role play it, just real quick.
A goose-based advice podcast for geese by geese.
We are geese doing a goose-based podcast.
I feel like this is going to help enlighten it.
And this question, hi everybody, I'm Griffin McElroy,
I'm a goose, and you're a goose when you're listening to this.
This question comes from a goose from Wisconsin,
and it says, shitty kids come up and kick me all the time,
and they kick my kids for no reason
because human beings are the worst,
and they don't even think about goose feelings
when they just kick the shit out of us,
so what should I do?
Well, thanks for sitting in Wisconsin,
thanks for this question.
You need to be very defensive,
and you need to just attack first,
because we're just geese out here just trying to get along,
and we're just trying to survive,
so just bite, bite, bite, quack, quack, quack,
get out there, fly at them, attack them.
Yeah, because you think about it,
like if you got attacked by one goose,
like every time this goose fucked you up,
it's the same goose every time,
the next time you ran into a goose,
you wouldn't differentiate.
If someone's like, I'm going to go pet that motherfucker,
you'd be like, don't.
Don't do that, actually.
Geese is, don't do that.
No, they bite, they bite your legs off.
Let me just, here's what you need.
You need to build a bridge here.
I think Gervin's absolutely right.
Yeah, build a bridge over their nest,
so that way you don't have to interact with that water.
I think that, okay, if this were a movie, right,
and this was like, there's a damaged animal,
you know, cagey, defensive animal,
and you're going to do like a little horse whisper thing,
do a little goose whispering, you're going to like.
Without a sexual agenda appended to it.
No, because they'll know.
Like, when you get close, maybe like, park your bike,
and like, you're just going to sit.
But within like, visual range of the goose,
but not close enough that they feel threatened.
And then the next day, you're going to do it a little closer.
And then the next day, now this might take years.
Yeah.
But eventually, you'll be right next to them.
Are you going to feed the geese?
And you'll be like Jane Goodall, all up in that shit.
You'll be Jane Goosall, you'll be right there.
Are you going to try and feed these?
Are you going to try and feed these sweet feathered beasts?
No, you're going to join their herd?
I see, no bribery then.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless what you are proposing right there
is teaching them to trust humans.
Which you don't want to do.
I cannot stress this enough.
You don't want to do.
Let me amend it then.
Let me propose an alternate plan.
Okay.
Every day, you roll up to the geese,
and you toss them a bo staff, and you're like, how about thee?
And every day, you fight the geese.
And that teaches them to, one, be defensive of humans,
but it also teaches them our weaknesses.
So I'm saying every day, you attack the geese full blast
for like 30 seconds.
Do you think there'll come a time
where they respect you as a combatant?
At first, you're going to kick their asses.
But if you do it enough days, they live,
you're going to-
Wait, wait, wait, wait, because there's a caveat in there
that much like Eurovision at the beginning of the podcast,
you kind of tried to gloss right over.
Well, it's not the most important thing.
The most important thing is that
they're going to start to learn your weaknesses.
They're going to start to learn your attack patterns.
Wait, hold on.
Do you pull your hits, Justin, or do you-
Absolutely not.
I can't stress it enough.
You got to go full blast at this goose.
Give them everything you got,
because that's what those shitty kids are going to be doing.
Right.
But if they can learn to defend themselves from you,
they're going to be ready.
When those shitty kids come,
they're going to be flipping over them.
They're going to be doing some sort of feather blast.
I love this, because I was going to amend it to say,
just like a Panda documentary I watch,
what you have to do is dress like a goose
and smear like goose poop and pee all over yourself,
so that you smell like one of them.
But what you're proposing is,
what I would say is the polar opposite of that,
where instead you're engaging them in the field of combat.
Right.
Travis, you're approaching it from
an upsettingly humanist perspective.
And I feel like this question asker is also
engaging this topic with the same perspective of just like,
there's an animal that doesn't inherently like me.
Yeah, like that's fine.
I think that's fine that some animals are like that,
because we're definitely like that to like,
anything that we can eat, but-
Yeah, like Justin, you're only not like that to them,
because you don't want to eat them today.
Right.
Like, what Justin is suggesting is that
we enforce the habits that they already have.
And because I think that's a healthy habit
for some animals to have.
Like I'm okay that geese are little feathered hate boats,
essentially flying hate boats.
Like I'm okay with that because like, that's fine.
There should be some animals like that.
I'm comfortable with that.
And like kids are going to come shoot bottle rockets at you.
So Justin's going to do it first
to train you how to dodge the bottle rockets.
He's going to toughen you up.
So I hope that helps.
The geese, play this for the geese.
Can we get this information out to the geese somehow?
Can we get this to geese?
That's mutually beneficial,
because that's a whole new demographic for us
that is an untapped market as far as I know.
Would you guys, how hard would you guys,
if you guys were on iTunes and you saw a podcast,
it's like for geese only, how to fight humans.
Like I would so listen to that.
But you're not allowed to Justin.
I'd be breaking, well, it'd be all quacks and shit.
Well, no, you would learn like how to,
you would learn how to better kick a goose's ass.
And that's not what we want to put out there for humans.
We're already super duper good at it.
There's going to be a war one day.
Yeah, between geese and humans.
And I don't, I want it to be, I want us to win.
I'm not a fucking species traitor,
but I do want them to be able to put up a fair fight.
Yeah, you don't want to feel bad about winning.
I would love for it to end in like a stalemate,
lots of losses on both sides,
where both of us like pull through,
but there's like a begrudging respect is earned.
And then there's one Christmas day
where us and the geese all play soccer together.
And then yeah, I would love to play soccer with the geese.
I would do that in a heartbeat.
That's going to do it for us folks.
Thank you so much for listening to our show.
We hope you had a lot of fun
and a lot of laughs and frivolity.
We certainly enjoyed ourselves.
Thank you to everybody who bought tickets
to see us in New York and DC.
Those tickets sold out a day of.
I think there may be a few single tickets for DC,
but they sent out a super low ticket warning.
So it's possible that by the time this goes up,
they are gone.
We learned last time we came to New York
and did a theater that was like a hundred seats
and it sold out like in 45 seconds.
And we knew we fucked up instantly.
Like we knew that it was going to sell really well there,
but you guys like blew us the fuck away.
Like, thank you so much.
I hope we put on a show that is good enough
to like warrant the insane enthusiasm you guys.
So yeah, it looks like DC as we're recording this,
you could still get some singles to DC.
I don't know if you could get pairs to,
yeah, well, it looks like you could get pairs together.
Yeah, go, go quick.
Those are not sold out.
New York is sold out, I'm pretty sure.
There's always a chance that, you know,
there's resale tickets in New York
or that there's maybe a waiting list.
But I'm going to tell you the same thing
that we say every time,
which is there's always a chance that you show up day of
and you're able to get in last minute
because people don't show up,
but there is absolutely no guarantee of that.
And we would like to encourage people to do that.
And then they're not able to get in.
We know like if you don't live in Manhattan,
like it can be tough to get down there.
So like, we really don't want you to spend an hour on a train
like coming to our show and then not be able to get in.
So, we don't know.
But in case you're wondering,
that usually is a thing that you're able to do,
but no guarantees.
Okay.
We want to encourage everybody to go check out
all the other amazing Maximum Fun shows at MaximumFun.org.
A lot of them are McElroy related,
but even the ones who aren't are really, really great.
We just added a new one called,
I believe it's called The Greatest Generation
for people who have maybe just started watching Star Trek
or love Star Trek and feel that they're a little too old for it,
which is silly.
It's for everybody.
It's really great.
So listen to the podcast and feel included and feel involved
and maybe learn a little bit about Star Trek.
We also want to,
if you want to learn all about every McElroy project
that is out there in the world,
you can go to McElroyShows.com.
All our shows are on there.
And also our Twitter accounts, Facebook groups,
and contact information.
So if you're looking to send in questions
or mail something to us, it's all right there.
I also want to mention that John Hodgman
is doing a bunch of live shows for Judge John Hodgman.
It's another amazing Max Fun podcast
that you should definitely be listening to,
but he's coming to DC and Philadelphia and Brooklyn
and Turner Falls.
You can find out how to get tickets for those
at MaximumFun.org too.
You should definitely go see that show.
It's going to be very, very funny.
Also, I want to say we know that it took us a long time
to schedule a live show for 2016.
We didn't have one in the first half of the year.
We're going to try to do more as we move forward.
So we'll try to knock some more out in 2016
and maybe do some more in 2017.
It's just a little bit hard to get them together,
but we know that it's kind of a bummer
that it took us so long to get to one
and we'll do more this year, we promise.
And if you want to keep track of that,
make sure to follow us on Twitter at NBNBAM
and keep listening to the show.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
instead of Parcher off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very, very good album.
And we are lucky that we're able to use it
as our theme song.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, that's going to do it for us.
Yeah.
Let's wrap this bad boy up.
This final wrap up sent in by Steven Horchak.
Thank you, Steven.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Donna who asks,
what is the national soup for USA?
My name is Justin McRoy.
I'm Travis McRoy.
I'm Griffin McRoy.
It's been my brother, my brother,
may kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, I'm Sydney McElroy.
And I'm Riley Smurl.
And we co-host a podcast called Still Buffering,
a sister's guide to teens through the ages.
On our show, we tackle all of the hot teen topics
that kids have on their minds today.
Hot teen topics?
Well, you know, the questions that are plaguing teenagers
through their tumultuous growing years.
Questions like, how do I party?
Or what do I do with all this hair everywhere?
The same questions that people like Sydney
had during their years as teenagers.
Many, many, many.
Okay, not that many.
So, so long ago.
Yeah, okay, I think they get the idea.
So search for Still Buffering on iTunes or Maximumfun.org
for new episodes every Tuesday.
Still Buffering.
I am a teenager.
And I was too.
