The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin
I'm your middle brother Travis big dog whoo-hoo for McElroy
This is baby brother Griffin back
I just I just learned what you all were talking about that we should do for the intro and it's like I've fallen down
Oh, well a delicious pizza, right? Yeah
You guys heard about this Papa John guy
Okay, so let's start Justin why don't you start us off on a good foot I just
It is it is weird
It is weird. Uh-huh that my brother my brother me a comedy advice show
Has like a super villain, you know what I mean? It's yeah, it's weird
It's weird that we have a Sinestro. Yeah
Yeah, like yeah our energy with his own energy
Papa John schnatter who probably still calls himself that I don't think it's just I don't think it's schnatter
But I do like her it's it's natter. It's not on schnatter
schnatter
Papa John schnatter needs a schnatter Papa John need a schnack
He's still obsessed with Papa John's cuz he's Papa John or was Papa John until they stripped him of his title
Papa John the the pizza chain that includes ratty old banana peppers and garlic grease in every pizza
It has always seemed like they just spilled some banana peppers in the box they weren't too lazy to clean it
I can't get these out of here. I can't get these banana peppers out of here. So this dude
This dude did an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek
And this is the like and I credit to them big ups to Devin Leonard and the whole team over there
because the very first quote of this piece is
If you don't know about Papa John by the way
He was ousted from the company Papa John's that he found it for being an absolute shitbird right in a story
It was a crucifixion
Says John schnatter sure it was unethical. It was immoral. It was evil
Yes, yes folks
They crucified Papa John
He calls it an unethical crucifixion as opposed to you know, all those ethical crucifixions going around
All those chill crucifixions that you've read about in your fairy tales
Progressive elite left wouldn't let me say the n-word while I made pepperoni pizza and it was a crucifixion
Okay, the one thing that struck me as soon as I saw the title of the piece of Papa John is still obsessed with Papa John's
That's the one thing about Papa John schnatter that I thought yeah
Yeah, I get that if there was a restaurant out there that I started called Travis McElroy's and then
Kicked me out. I'd still think of Travis McElroy's from time to time
Yeah, would you refer to yourself as being unethically crucified? No, no
I think maybe I might say like I was justifiably crucified. I get it. Yeah. Yeah
Absolutely, he blames it on the upper elite left progressive and I don't know about me being upper elite
but I'm certainly a left progressive and I have fucked around with Papa John's pizza and his garlic dip homes from time to time in
My youth not so much these days and even then when I heard the news
The big news about Papa John schnatter saying the bad word on a call and then getting immediately fired
My response was pretty fucking cool. Yeah
You know, you don't have to be elite or progressive to look at this man and say I'm glad he got it. I
mean
the
This whole thing. So like here's the timeline on this dude in December 2017
Papa John was complaining that their shareholders were being harmed by the NFL because they didn't punish black players for protesting racism
Yeah, immediately after that. He was like, okay. Well, I have thought about it and I'm retiring as the CEO
And you would think that might be the end of it, but nope just here
Just a year later
Sorry, seven months. He word leaked about the the fact that he had used a
Racial slur pretty much on one of the real bumming. They're all pretty bad. But he is the n-word
He said on a conference call bad bad job
there
John and he had to leave as the CEO of the chairman. Yeah, and
This was on a call
Their ad agency had been working with Papa John on a strategy to counter the perception that he's racist
you know that I've never had to do and Steve Buscemi has never had to do and Tom Hanks has never had to do and
Roman Morris has never had to do and you know, I can name almost anybody
There's never had to come up with a PR strategy to counter the perception that we're racist
And then and then during said strategy session during such a session
This is quite efforts. I wish I hadn't said the word
Okay, cool. He had been attributing it to someone else during the call. Okay
and they and he says he accuses the ad agency people of
craftily
Provoking him into doing so. Mmm. Yes
There are different machinations finally tricked me into saying the n-word
Yes
the people that you were paying to make you look good whose job it was to make you look good and they were getting a lot
Of money from you to do so wanted to make you look bad. He came after a colonel Sanders
Saying like he was racist
Yeah, but us in the same camp and it's like I mean probably his grandkids say no
He wasn't he was great
But you know in the in the big fast-food industry who can tell but he was like so what colonel Sanders did is worse
Come in back, baby Papa John
Parallels, here's an interesting one from Jonathan Mays editor-in-chief of the trade magazine restaurant business
Who said the crisis was comparable to the one subway faced in 2015 when Jared Fogel its chief
Smokesperson pleaded guilty to just receiving and distributing child pornography and to engaging in commercial sex with minors
Yet there was a difference. There's a slight difference with those
Fogel thing came down subway could dismiss him
Yes, try to start fixing things and and frankly the name of the restaurant wasn't Jared the Fogel place Fogel
Yeah
Jared's kids club. It's not it's not that it's not that it's not about Jared and Jared's different things
just a quick reminder to
regarding
Mr. Papa is that I during all of this and him talk about his let me check. Yes crucifixion
He did also drop a tick-tock a video in which he took people on a tour of his giant
Mansion, yeah, they involved what appears to be like a 12 foot tall statue of two Eagles fucking in flight
This is brand now his brand is opulence. Yeah, right
That's his brand now is the opulence of Papa John. Is he going to commission?
Commission an 18 foot tall painting of him as the Christ
upon the cross with garlic dip dripping out of his as Shaq looks on as Shaq looks on
This to me Shaq you betray you are my protege Shaq and now
They so they had to remove his face from pizza boxes. Yeah scrub
Scrub all references to him from its website
Pictures of Schnatter on the walls of its Louisville headquarters had to go to yeah last September Papa John's
Last September Papa John's announced it was relocating many corporate functions to Atlanta physically distancing itself from its namesake
Do you know how wild things have to be for them to be like we have to move away from Papa John
I can still smell him. He's must be in the air. He still drives by every day
It's real slow and creepy too I hate it
He got half a billion dollars in stock when he cat when he cashed out you could start another pizza chain
You could start another pizza chain John if you really want to win us over. I
Mean no, there is no way no
Okay, better pizza better pizza does not forgive your mini trespasses John
Better pizza better ingredients still races still Papa John's too
Can we just talk about just for a minute just for a minute? Everyone just for a minute. There's definitely been a
a conversation that went nowhere within
Papa John's HQ where they were like should we change our name and they're like no
he's just changed his name and like because this has been going on for a while and Papa John's the
corporate entity has
Definitely made the conscious decision at some point to continue to be Papa John's and at first
there's one of two ways I feel about this either that's like why are you still or
It's really really spiteful towards John Schnatter to be like
We're still Papa John's. We're Papa John. You're not Papa John
Here's a here's a here's a call. God. We have so many quotes about this gentle this guy
He just don't stop and this is actually I think it's like actually very instructive in your life
You may feel like your goal is to have so much money that you never have to think about money again
I think that's a it's a very American idea, right? But John Schnatter is like
Definitely proof that you can have as much money as you want and you might still be mad that someone says you can't be
A pizza anymore, right? What's that? He can't be this is what he said to OA and in this is a bunch of
It's one of the oh, that's the one America News Network does it? Yeah, that's just the one America News Network
the woke
It's already bad
Mob doesn't want you to have children's books. What as displayed by the cancellation of dr. Seuss earlier this year
I don't think that's what that meant now
They're apparently coming for your pizza. No dog
So much better pizza my friend and better ingredients. I would argue that Papa John's came for your pizza. Mr
Schnatter, yeah, we came for your pizza. You you don't have the pizza anymore. We saw her over here
Enjoy more macaroni and cheese and no one's out there on the fucking Ides of March stabbing little Caesars
Everybody's like yeah, the hot and ready sucks, but it's $5. Go for it. It's fine during your tenure
Jonathan your shit got overtaken by fucking
Dominoes. Yeah, how does that feel Jonathan Domino's got better than Papa John's you've lost your way sir
You have a statue of eagles. You don't know what people want in pizza. When was the last time?
John you ate a pizza and didn't do a racist
I mean I ate 800 of his own pizzas in what four months or something. That was famously
Famously reported. Yeah, that's a lot of pizza. This is really good
He's kept the this article talks about how he's cashed out the half billion in stock and he's like just out here
It says he's out there jetting in his Dassault Falcon between homes in Kentucky, Florida and Utah
Posting highlights and motivational bromides on tick-tock. He's protecting his best life
Except his best life is the one he no longer has the one where he's still running Papa John's. Yeah
Devastating his fucking black suits and his dyed jet black hair like he's fucking Johnny trash
I just want to point out this this motherfucker has
500 million dollars and three homes
It sounds like and a jet to take him betwixt them and he's still complaining. It's about legacy Travis
It's about legacy. You should know legacy
Wait, why should I know that most of all Griffin? This shows our this shows our legacy it is
Oh, man, we should start taking a little bit more seriously
Well, yeah a good name for the Papa Joe and we will move on eventually folks. Don't worry
This is not a grandpa situation if we did have to rename the Papa John's restaurant
Yeah
My mind went to Papa Pizza. Papa Pizza is pretty good. And then it went to Mama Mia. Papa Pizza come
Come and get some diarrhea, which is
What about pop-pop John's pop-pop or just pop-pops
About Papa Papa Roni and then you only serve pepperoni pizzas
Roni pizza for dogs
Oh
We're getting a little too. That's like yeah
You know what? I say lean into it just called Papa Shax just oh
The new thing Papa Shax would be who'd be good
I would eat and we truly powerful and and also the most powerful fart in the face
One could deliver to Papa John's would be to keep the Papa part and just change the John part
Yeah, it's like no, this is Papa Shax. He's my new dad. This is my new pizza dad Papa Shax. I love him
He lets me do whatever I want
He makes me very happy Papa Shax. This is a I'm just continuing to he
Originally when people were reporting about him trivializing the protests of black players in the NFL
His their PR firm at the time Edelman said that he needed to
Not acknowledge it and keep quiet and let it blow over
Y'all are in denial. Shall
Schnatter remembers replied. I'm Papa John. This is not going to blow over
Enduring credit
In this regard
He was correct. Yeah real Nostradamus that guy he was right about that
Correct. Good job. Maybe not right in the way. He thought he was right
Right. He was correct. His thoughts were wrong
But his truth in that matter was was kind of on point
It did not blow over even a little bit as evidenced by the fact that we've been talking about this gentleman for 15 minutes
It's real piece of shit
All right, let's let's let's start I can't I could actually talk about Papa John all day because I it's just like he's our nemesis
But the problem is and this is the real problem is it's making me hungry for Papa
Sucks. It's really infuriating. I would love one of those
Find a local place a local Papa John's no
Although now that he's cashed out it doesn't mean nothing you can
Now with confidence my local Papa John's
They're the sign they have outside has not changed to update with specials for 18 months
It has said independently own. Yep
That's the only thing I need to know. Yeah, I just give me a to give me a double chacarroni
All right, let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do the show. Please. I
Can't we'll do the show. It's an advice show folks. What folks? This is an advice show
It is and Justin doesn't have the question list. No, I'm pulling it up
I get so many emails anymore. I feel like yeah, but the show doesn't sneak up on you
I feel like Google's letting a lot of space busy read what I'm getting the same thing
Very you're getting a lot of spam on Google, right? Yeah, it's wild. It's wild. Come on Google. I
Was going through the drive-thru of fast food. Oh my shit. Wait. Hey Justin what happy birthday
What? Oh, yeah. Oh my god. Happy birthday. Oh, man
We could have talked about that for the intro, but John stole that from us John my birthday
I think we can all agree. This is the worst thing he's ever done
I was just going it's it's oh, it's just nice to have one that you know, you know what I mean?
Yeah, you're not gonna get the rug pulled out from under you
Right, like when you find out Guy Fieri is secretly a pretty good dude
I'm not gonna get the rope pulled out from under me, right? Yeah, and this one we're not getting any tweets
Like I think you guys were kind of unfair too hard on Papa John. No, he sucks
Guy fear I'd love to have you on the show
Please if you're there, I'd love to hear there. I was just going through the drive-thru of a fast-food chain restaurant
Just say shacks place. Yeah, where I ordered and received an ice cream code. Okay, that's not shacks
It is to my delight very tall and yummy
However, as I was pulling out of the drive-thru, I got a little fender bender on another car
I need to get out a car or call the police at exchange insurance details, but I'm holding this ice cream code
So fucking awesome should I just keep licking my ice cream cone while I speak with the person I just rear-end it
Should I stay in my car until after
They don't say this but presumably should I write an email to you guys
Okay, I'm sure this already happened and there they want to check to see if they did the right right this is extremely awkward
But I don't want to miss out on my ice cream code. It's delicious
Wait, hello, that's from awkward ice cream in Atlanta. So maybe there's a varsity maybe
What is amazing about this is that there's a secret third option, right one and two is you stay in your car just fucking
Cold staring at this person while you lick your ice cream. He'd given them like one minute one minute, please
It's creamy and sweet, so I'll be out in a minute or you hop out there you're like, oh my god, I'm so so sorry
Oh gosh, yeah, I just actually got this
Repainted. Oh god. Okay. I'm so the third option is you step out of the car really concerned
And you look at the damage to your car and look at their car and then they walk up and like hey, are you okay?
and you
Take your ice cream cone and realizing that there's no good way to eat it while talking
You throw it to the fucking ground and smash it so that it's not in the way anymore
that's even that might be the worst of the situation if you do that though, you could be like
Maybe we shouldn't involve insurance in this because we've both lost a lot, right?
Yeah, sure. We both like we've both suffered. Yeah
Oh, the back of your car is fucked up in the front of my car is fucked up
But I also lost an ice cream cone in the exchange. So who's the fourth option?
Oh, wow, they get out of the car you direct eye contact
Eat the ice cream cone in like one big bite and keep a straight face
Maintain icon no brain freeze face. Nothing. This is an intimidation play you've engaged in
They're going to watch you how how how like you're gonna Pac-man that ice cream and then say
Do we really need to get insurance involved, right?
Just an asterisk asterisk on that option. It is only possible for Travis and Travis like
Humans to pull that one off. I've been training right all my life for this
Could you fifth option step out of the car and be like, oh shit. Oh shit. Oh fuck. I really fucked up
Here you go, and you give them the ice cream
And then you get your you get your drive away. Yep. We're good
Just stop stop stop stop come back here. No, no, I gave you the ice cream cone. We're good. Bye
Did you not want the ice cream cones? I'll take it back
But I do want it on the record that I was willing to give it to you
Sixth option. Holy shit. There's so many before they see you after the big accident smash that ice cream cone on your face
You walk outside and you gotta be crying covering your creamy face and you're like ice creams
And they will not they'll be like don't okay, you're crying. Don't worry about it. Let's just drive
Let's can we're saying you poor seventh option around seven
Yeah
quickly before they see you scoot over to the passenger seat and put the ice cream cone in the driver's seat and make it look
Like it's the ice cream's fault
What he was you didn't see him stop
Sorry about this eighth option
Do what Travis said but instead of putting the ice cream cone in the driver's seat
Smash it on the windshield in front of the driver's seat and just start screaming inconsolably
Is the ice cream cone your dad it was in fact my dad
He was my dad
I'm in one of those movies where my dad dies and then becomes an inanimate object
But it's now animate and it was that ice cream. Go to do is delicious not ninth option
Can you just slowly hand it to them and say here? I'm really sorry
I got this for you cuz I figured I would probably hit you and I'm sorry. Yeah, this is for you
Oh, I got like a prank show now. We're square
I wasn't gonna get anything at this Dairy Queen, but then I saw you in front of me
And I was like, I'm gonna ram that fucking idiot. So I bought you the ice cream cone in
Good conversation starter cuz I wanted to meet you and maybe I got us two spoons
Let's do this. You hit me really hard. Yeah. Yeah, it's a new car. I was excited getting used to yeah
Hey, are you feeling this you feel this vibe vibing, right?
Sharing an ice cream. Hey, hey officer. Does it seem like we're vibing the two of us
These handcuffs so that I can hold their hand, please. Wait. No, just watch the ice cream, please. Please please you do
Please do not finish it until the police arrive. Yeah, they have to see you. Yeah
Yeah, they know you're not intimidating admittedly that if you're still eating ice cream when they arrive that might remove any doubt of whose fault
This was yes, right if one person is just like well, sorry, I can't put this thing down
Sorry, I was very clearly driving one-handed. No question
Actually, if you look down you'll see my special necklace that holds the ice cream cone for me so I can eat
Is prescription?
Necklace, thank you
Hey, can I do a quick wizard? Yeah, we visit the quick wizard
He's the wizard of the clouds brother, but he's much faster, but not the wizard
That sounds like something Travis would do. Yeah, of course
Okay, this one's coming in a little bit late
But you know lock it's good to learn this shit and remember it for one year because this one's about how to avoid taking off
The actors in a haunted house. Oh
I actually have inside and I've worked many a haunted house and I don't want to hear any of it
Cuz you don't hear about when I fell asleep in a coffin. No, no, I only want to hear what the wizard has to say
I love you Travis, but you are not the wizard or the quick wizard
I got by a child once we know all the stories you've told all the stories
It's time for the wizard to share his insights. This was sent in by Laura. Thank you, Laura
Step one going through the house, but avoid pretending not to be afraid if you don't want to be targeted
What acting tough or saying I'm not quintuple negative
I know acting tough for saying I'm not scared indicates to the actors that you actually are which will likely try
They will likely try even harder to frighten you or and this is a phrase they use a lot in this article pick on you
Yeah, now what's great too is the the opposite is true if you walk through the house going like
Then the actors are like look at that brave right so brave you can't show strength or weakness
Some they they the quotes that they use here is what not to say at a haunted house
Are they even trying to make this scary that blood is obviously fake if I worked at a haunted house
And I heard someone are they even trying to make this scary?
I would jump out at that person be like I'm gonna fucking kill you Greg just to boost it up way too far way too far
Yeah, do not kill you and everyone you love right? Yeah, you'll go a little too fast walk in the middle of your group
So the friends get scared first as a diagram. They've showed a
Five on like a six-sided die and pointed at the middle dot and it says you so that's good
If someone's hard, that's hard to or you need to practice that out in the parking lot first
Yeah, like you can't start doing that once you're in the house. Yeah, kind of kind of fucked up
If you're like, oh here comes a mummy with Dracula teeth get them Tommy and you push towards them if you have four
Big brave friends. I get it. You know, yeah, you're kind of the Scooby-doo of the group
Yeah, I get it. They could be like get away from Ralphie. He's really scared right now. He's going through a rough time in his job
Cheer him up
Refrain from scaring other house goers
Which frustrates the actors that sucks boo Tommy got you and chainsaw man's like you fucking stepped on my line
My line was blue. I got you
shit
Pretend not to see an impending scare. So you don't annoy the actors that that would be the worst
That would be the worst. You're just up like a mummy with Dracula fangs and someone points like here comes a mummy with Dracula fangs
I've been scared at all about this now, but you can then give some constructive criticism
Yeah, like after everyone else has walked up like hey mummy with the vampire fangs. I could see you ahead of time
So you might want to just take like one quick step back. Oh, yeah right there. That's great
Oh, yeah, and maybe stop saying with your regular voice here comes a mummy with vampire fangs because it really gives away
The scare a little bit. Let me recommend
Let me recommend there's no mummy with vampire fangs over here and that will hold them into a false sense of security
So the next one is move at a quick pace. So the actors have less time to prepare scare
I love this you're at the front door
The ticket taker is like prepare to enter the house of a million mummies with vampire fangs. You're like, haha. See you soon
Just fucking full-blown sprint
Slow down
Hey careful, man, there's steps. There's steps in here
Interacting with the actors avoid asking the actors not to scare you don't scare me mummy with vampire
Wait, why not it says here in like a sub note which should be a main note
Keep in mind that usually if an actor notices someone is genuinely upset or very frightened. They'll back off
I don't know why they don't say that in like the first step of just like act
Genuinely pretty fucked up like you're having a real episode right now
From experience a group and I know you don't want to hear this but
It can often be just a little note from me a former haunted house actor
Just as scary if a terrifying scarecrow tries to comfort you
Because the the difference between scaring and comforting when you're in a scary scarecrow mask, it's a pretty thin line
Yeah, that's great
Not it does it just just don't
Don't push them. Yeah, don't try to scare the actors. I think though if you do if you are
The you know a vampire mummy and yeah a house goer comes up on you and is like boom
I'm the scary one and you get scared. You have to quit. Yeah, you have to actually switch places
That's the only way to be free from working on a haunted house. Let's jump over to dressing appropriately. Awesome
We're dark colored clothes
Oh, that's annoying. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, don't do that. No, it says do do that
We're dark colored clothes so that you're harder to see that's awesome
If I do you hiding from the people that are trying to scare. Why did you go? Why did you go?
Why did you stay home?
Trying to look brave for a partner or potential partner
We've all been there you got a crush and you want to scare the mummy vampire before it can scare you
So then your crush is like damn I want an engaging consensual goings-ons with this person, right?
Okay, these next two tips are I don't want to blow it out of proportion, but some real fucking all-timers
Okay, cover up with a long-sleeve shirt and pants to hide your goosebumps
Yeah
Yeah
You get goosebumps goosebumps when you're scared
So those tiny dots all over your arms and legs are a dead giveaway to actors how?
Brightly lit is this fucking hot house. Even if excuse me
I don't mean to be rude, but I can see your fear. It's are you okay? Do you need a glass of water?
I feel like if somebody's like I see your goosebumps
You should be allowed to like light a flare in that room and call timeout timeout
This guy's really fucking creepy in a real non haunted way
And then the next one which is also very good choose a large puffy coat to look more intimidating
Hell yes. Yeah get that starter jacket my dude. Yeah blue. I'm going to get oh shit. You're huge. Good bye
Wave your arms in the air
Yeah, I don't know if you saw this guy while we were you know hiding and being spooky vampire mummies
This one dude came in and I was like, I'm gonna fucking get him
But then I saw the side the size of this lad this absolute unit. I was like, I can't he might hurt
In fact, he should play football. I'm thinking about like
Managing him to try to get him into a pro baller career his head hands legs and feet all look pretty small
But this dude's core was a gargantuan
And then finally leave the masks at home. I don't it's like Disney World rules
you can't show up being a you know, being a a chainsaw, you know, mommy and
Then if somebody comes in and it's like also a chainsaw mommy, that would be confusing
Mm-hmm. I once scared the shit out of Jonah Hill. I just wanted to throw that out. Just doesn't seem particularly difficult
Yeah, he's from his films. He seems like he's jumpy. He would be all skittish. Yeah some Q&A
What if I already did one of these things? Oh, you're going to jail try to avoid doing it again
Honestly, the actors will probably understand if you slip up and do something silly look push punch kick. Oh, it's okay
This is your first time first time. It's my fault. I'm a pretty scary vampire mummy
I get why your instinct would be to hit me. And honestly, I saw your goosebumps and got a little overeager
So, um, it's it we both can share the blame. And hey, here's another important haunted house fact
One out of every hundred vampire mummies is a real vampire
Mummy, so like I understand like it's not wanting to push and hit someone who is attacking you
Not a bad impulse in any other circumstance. Yeah, I'm sorry guys. There's so many good Q&A's in here
What do I do if you have medication but no medicines or prescriptions are allowed in the house?
What welcome to the house of a billion murders no medicine
Is that an inhaler?
Put it in the bucket
Put it in the bucket. Can I get it back at the end? No, one of our chainsaw mummies is very allergic to medicine
One of the scariest things we can think of is a disbelief in science leave your medicine at the door medicine at home
This is an awesome one to the actors like to scare homosexual people
Huh? Whoa again back room after a hard day of scaring. Somebody's like, yeah, I saw his goosebumps. You know what that means
Hey, hey, Bobby, how many do you get today?
How many at least 12 at least 12 of them 12 and a half cuz one of them was bisexual
So yeah, one what if an actor knows me and breaks character to stop and chat for a bit?
Oh shit Daryl, what's up, bud?
What? Think how cool that would look to your crush if your crush is like, huh Daryl knows vampire mummy
Ooh la la he's really connected. Another cool one. What if someone scares me get the fuck out of the
Don't go in the fucking building
Can't get over the medicine
We feed all the pills we get to the creature with a black look
He just gobbles up any pill he sees right and you slip into one of the zombies but the zombies for texture for their makeup
Was using peanut butter. Where's my epipen? You couldn't bring it in. No, I'm dying
I know that's the ultimate spooky scare
Pretty scary. Admit you're scared. We'll use your skeleton for the haunted house. Thank you very much
Thank you. That's where skeletons come from. Where else are you supposed to get them? Just lock that in for one year folks
Yep, sorry that it's a week late. Yeah, let's Travis everyone. I'm sure you'll remember everyone at home bless Travis
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And also with you
Let's take a quick break and we'll head on over the money zone
Can't tell you guys before we start the money zone
um after last week's episode I
Realized that I had to at least for a while leave the website. I had built bad
Because if I fixed it after the episode Thursday, and then people went to look at it Monday, and it was really good
Yeah, and people would be like what are Justin and Griffin talking about this one? So it's great
So you guys are welcome. I left it up so that you guys wouldn't look like assholes. Yeah
Hey, can I talk about pretty much the only kind of socks I own?
Yeah, yeah
That's a bad setup because that sounds like it's gonna be pretty boring
Like if anybody else came up to you on the street and was like, let me tell you about all the socks I own
Let me start. It's pretty much just socks from the closed down trampoline park. Yes
That's pretty much all I wear. Yeah, sometimes I know those trampolines
They static them up and they just shoot right up into the air
But no
I want to talk about Bombas because Bombas his mission is simple make the most comfortable clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal
Item donated this holiday when you give Bombas to someone on your list. You're also giving them to someone in need
It's a give-give. I just want to throw out. Hey Bombas if you're listening, that's a great mission
It's a wonderful mission and I feel like you've done a lot to achieve it
And now I think you should add like a second part to the mission. Yeah, it's like do that and also
We're gonna find life on other planets or something. Whatever you want it to be
You've got the first thing on lock like it's right now dream bigger Bombas isn't just socks anymore
By the way guys it's shirts and underwear too and they designed all of it socks shirts and underwear to be the clothes
You can't wait to put on every day. Everything they make is soft seamless tagless and has a luxuriously cozy feel
I've been wearing these Bombas like I forget the name of them. They're not like no show
They're just like the step above that because I'm not that brave
Little show little show and I not not a joke pretty much all I wear is these Bombas socks
Uh, they are cozy, but mostly like they fit so fucking right that it's I have that problem
It sucks too big doesn't feel good socks too small. I hate it. Bombas is just right
They make for great gifts. I have genuinely given Bombas as gifts before
Because you know, they're really they're really good and everybody really likes them
Hey promise another idea if you're listening because it's starting to get a little chillier now. What about socks, right?
Yeah for your hands and they even have little places for like your fingers to go
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no because that would make them just like everybody else
They're just socks that go right on your hands
What about socks that already have the puppet faces on them? That's awesome, too
So go to Bombas.com slash my brother and get 20% off any purchase during their big holiday sale
That's BOMBAS.com slash my brother for 20% off BOMBASbombas.com slash my brother
BOMBAS
No, it's not there. Nope. Not at all. Justin Brooklyn and me. Uh, you know where I have lots of sheets at my in my home
Yeah, I don't want to brag but like I have lots of sheets in my home and yesterday I had that moment
You guys know this adult moment where you're like, when's the last time I watched the sheets?
You know this thought and you have the thought you can immediately picture a timeframe and that's when you're like
I got to wash the sheets. When I wash the sheets though, you know what I did?
Did I get a different pair of sheets from the from the closet? No, sure didn't
I washed my Brooklyn in sheets and then put them back on the bed afterwards. Nothing weird about that.
Are the only, it isn't, they're the only sheets I use. Should I buy a second pair? Probably.
That's what I do when I have my favorite outfit
I just take it off and then I stand a nude in front of the washer
Until that's done and then I stand nude in front of the dryer. How do you know when it's done?
Oh, when the washer's done. Okay. I thought it was just like you had to feel it. They got weighted blankets, cozy robe
I know Brooklyn's got options for everybody on your on your list. I'm asked candles
Accessories they want to make beautiful high-quality home essentials that don't cost an arm and a leg
Like some people have started charging. Hey Brooklyn, and if you're listening, what about weightless blankets blankets that like float in the air?
Huh? Everybody's doing weighted blankets. Weightless. Weightless blankets. That's awesome.
Right now you can check the gift guide to find the perfect present at every price point go to brooklyn.com and use the promo code
MYBROTHER to get $20 off of the minimum purchase of $100. That's
B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E-N.com and enter promo code MYBROTHER. That's brooklyn.com
promo code
MYBROTHER. I feel like I gave away all my best ideas for free. You certainly give away some ideas for free
Hi, it's me
Dave Hill from before here to tell you about my brand new show on maximum fun the Dave Hill good time hour which combines my
Old maximum fun show Dave Phil's podcasting incident with my old radio show the goddamn Dave Hill show and a one new
Futuristic program from the future if you like delightful conversation with incredible guests
Technical difficulties and actual phone calls from real-life listeners. You've just hit a street called easy
I'm also joined by my incredible co-host the boy criminal Chris Gersbeck. Say hi Chris. Hey Dave
It's really great. That's enough Chris and New Jersey chicken rancher Dez. Say hi Dez. Hey Dave
Dave Hill good time hour brand new episodes every Friday on maximum fun. Plus the show's not even an hour
It's 90 minutes. Take that stupid rules. We nailed it. I
Want a month I want too much
I have a very special munch quad for you because it is a
So Taco Bell was worried about always worried about people getting enough rest
And so they're trying to make it so that you remember they have breakfast which is I mean if you've ever
Woke up disliking yourself rather than waiting until 2 a.m. To dislike yourself like a sane person
You can go straight to Taco Bell to get the breakfast that you crave
It's just Taco Bell food, but they say that it's for breakfast now. They put eggs in it
You can get
They're doing a lot of stuff to help remind people about it. They've got
On October 21st, this is passed but they offered a a wake-up call. Oh by texting wake up to 1
866 wake up 3 fans can sign up to receive a pre-recorded wake-up call from Taco Bell
To kickstart their morning with a reminder that free toasted breakfast burrito awaits them. That's right. There was a free
Breakfast burrito free toasted breakfast burrito. They also have a sleepwear collection
Wake me up Taco Bell and then they have some Taco Bell slippers to help you like get some sleep
So you wake up early enough to get the Taco Bell. Do you understand? Yeah, I get it
Yeah, who do you think recorded that man?
Was it just like the CEO talk about did they get a name to do it couldn't matter less
It couldn't Justin if you're telling me if Benedict Cumberbatch could call you and be like Justin
I just want to talk to my baby. It's I remind you that your free toasted burrito is ready for you
The most important thing that they did and the thing that brings us here today is and the reason I wanted to bring the tone
down a little bit is that they also released a
Bedtime story for adults to help you go to something like sexy
Yeah, that nice. Wait Travis has a good point. Is it a sexy? It's not sexy
But I am gonna read the entire thing. What makes it at all?
Well, it's it's not for kids. I mean, I don't know. It's just listen
W
It's called sleep tight get that bite. Oh good. No, it's kind of
Sleep tight get that bite. No author credited
Some nights you just can't close your eyes
But a restless night means waking up past sunrise see waking up after breakfast means you've gotten up too late
You can miss your hot and toasty breakfast burrito date. See which we'd hate
Staying up late is always rad, but getting shut-eye. That's the new fad. So if you want to snag a toasty breakfast burrito
Follow these simple sleepy secrets. Let me go
Before you venture deep into breakfast burrito land where Baja blasts are always in hand
Your first spicy secret to a good night's sleep
Winding down with a Baja bedtime nightcap forget the sheep. Sorry. I just need to clarify something real quick
Taco Bell, do you think it's a good idea to slam a Baja blast before bed?
Let me check mountain dew Baja blast a very caffeinated
Highly caffeinated mountain dew Baja round. The sweet the sweetness didn't make you crash. Don't fret the next spicy secret
We'll put you down bet
It's a tip that's been staring you right in the eyes and it'll keep you warm and toasty straight through sunrise
Roll yourself up into a burrito like so
Roll yourself up into a burrito like so melt into a cheesy state of mind. Let go
Start off by wiggling your toes then finish off by scrunching your little nose your little nose
Your little nosey
Hmm still staring off into that existential abyss what what don't worry
Let's try out some auditory bliss. No, wait, go back to the park
Taco Bell knows I think about death every night
I imagine sizzling bacon while you close your eyes breakfast salsa awaits on the other side and that's all
You heard me
Still here. Okay. Well by which we've been alive one last chance time to count some burritos while they dance
Repeat after me like you're back in grade school
Get it because you're acting like a child
Like that's the they got that and they're like it's done
Put it in book one burrito two burrito three burrito four
Melty cheese and crunchy potatoes are in store five burrito six burrito
Seven burrito more now dream of that breakfast. You're gonna score
When you rise
Wipe that sleep from your eyes
Hear your stomach rumbling. It's ready for a surprise
Taco Bell burritos await don't you fret?
Breakfast is served 7 to 11 a.m
Get ready to jet now. Kiss me passionately hard on my taco lips. That's right. The narrator has been
a
Taco this whole time and now we're gonna bang
I really wish uh
I really hadn't heard that. No. No, I'm glad I read the story because it was like cool and
A good poem. It was hard because I fell asleep
Yeah, so restful rachel is like a good poet and knows a lot about poetry
I wish I could you know
Just sort of bounce bounce that off of her and see if it like would do good in a school of poetry
She'll probably tweet about it
Um, that was the that was a that was an absolute trip
It went into the deep dark corners of my psyche and where there were
voids that
My sort of mortal mind couldn't possibly fill they filled it up with salsa and cheese and rice
Yeah, it's better now. It's better in my head calmer now
The one thing that's still kind of uh, the one thing that's kind of freaking my bean is I can't decide if an endless
Uh, just like salsa filled plane is supposed to be heaven or hell or purgatory
It's but it's all it's all of all people. Yeah. Yeah
Am I like a chunk in it or am I still travis? Isn't that the question?
I mean we can all aspire to that can't wait. Yeah, but now it's just replaced my other existential dread with now just
Literally burning salsa a picante existential. Yeah. Yeah, which is fine. Which is good. That's better
I would rather think about salsa frankly. Sure. Sure. Yeah, um
The let's uh, let's ask another question or no. No, I mean we ask and answer the questions here
So we'll do both in one
And yes, I did lose the questions again. Okay, here we go
So I recently moved to a new city with only the contents of my car
And in the course of making friends here, I made some
friends
You know, I do not wink
wink
Actually, i'm 40 and I don't know a little you're 41 now justin
Oh, fuck you. Thank you in the context of the conversation. We just had love being reminded
Yeah, i'm a 41 one year closer to salsa
Okay, man, I know one of those
friends told me that they're shopping for a
New mattress that part's not in quotes. That's not a euphemism. Would it be
weird to ask them if they would
Sell me there. I'm just you made it very confusing
Would it be weird to ask them if they would sell me their old mattress? It was very comfortable
That was from sleepless
In chicope. Where's chicope? Why would they know how?
Their mattress feels because they're oh because they're uh, winky winky friends wink friends like friends because they booed
You know like um, you know like in they do it in minnesota, which is where chicope is
They they engaged in consensual coitus gets cold gets cold up there. Yeah, so
would it
Be oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry now that I understand what friends in quotes means I have a very clear answer, uh, which is
Yes, it's fucking weird
Why is it weird if you go to pork city?
And you're like damn this bed is is that memory foam how much?
That's strange. I don't think that's what's happening griffin. It's not like you're not buying it mid mid
That was a great test drive. I'll take it
This is this is when they're like, oh, yeah, i'm gonna buy a new mattress
There's nothing weird about saying like what are you doing with the old one? I need a mattress. Can I buy it?
That that's it's that makes like oh man, it hits
Why?
Thank you. Justin. I gotta clarify. Hold on
Um, okay. Do you know what it is? Yeah, I might be wrong, but i'm trying to figure out in myself why it hits weird
I think
that on some level maybe it could
Feel like
I was very happy in that bed
And that's a treasured time in my life
And I would love to keep that bed as a memento
of the time when I went to
Adult city. Well, yeah. No. Hey definitely don't say it that way
No one would say it that way. I said it that way for emphasis on a comedy show, but they're no you don't necessarily I mean
Oh man, it's weird. I don't think it does. I think that this is one of those things where
It like, you know how much skin
Do you know how much skin is in a bed?
It's mostly skin and maybe that's the problem. Oh, no. Hey, listen, listen, listen, listen
I'm not saying i'm wild about the idea
But if this is your option as far as like affordability goes and it's a comfortable bed
I like what the other things are going to do is throw it away, right like
Okay, let me ask this let me get your gut check on this wait, what is the it also but okay
Wait, wait, let me ask you this travis, but I was gonna ask you let me ask you. Okay, doesn't it kind of feel like
Well, why are you getting rid of it like you didn't even start to ask that you know
I mean that would be like oh i'm sorry to hear you broke up with your boyfriend. I need a boyfriend
I'll date him. That is so different and you know, that's not different. It's not different
I don't think that's that different now, but here's what I was going to ask. Does it hit different?
How do you feel of can I buy it versus?
Can I have it?
Much worse for the can I have it part? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because then it does sound like uh, i've taken you
And now I will take this as a trophy
That's not what it sounds like at all. Yeah, one thing that I think is bad
If you're having a just sort of like a fun sex time is at the end of it be like can I have this as a trophy?
That is not what's happening
Travis, I don't know why travis is endorsing that. I don't know either. You shouldn't listen to my brother
You shouldn't claim that you two are so socially awkward that can I buy your old mattress has
Transitioned in your mind too. I shall take this to remember the time when we parked
Can I buy the seat? Can I buy our our pork zone? That's not what it is
Can I buy our sex area?
Yeah, that's so wild
So to you to you on some level this person realized it too or they wouldn't have asked the question
If you have to ask if it is weird
It probably could hit weird because it has already hit you a little bit weird
So yes, 100 you're running the risk that the other person will think it's weird
Yes
but
How comfortable is the mattress? Is it worth a little bit of weird?
That you're gonna get a discount comfortable mattress and all you had was the stuff in your car
I don't know what you're sleeping on right now
Right, but it might be a little weird, but maybe it's a lot comfortable
I like I like this idea of somebody who has just moved to a new place
And rather than buy a mattress, they just decide to make love to different people who already have mattresses
This is there
You could say i've been sleeping around
Wait, you didn't wink. Yeah. No. Yeah. No
I've I meant literally and if any of and listen, hey i'm doing it for the right reasons
But also an additional right reason
That uh the bed's comfortable. I'm tired. I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy and so I sleep on the mattress
Everybody's enjoying it. Hey, i'd love to make love to you tonight, but what about some of that afternoon delight tomorrow?
After a nice long rest
Great comfortable bed. Also once we're done. Could I have it as a trophy conquest?
Damn it. I wasn't supposed to say that part out loud
One of my favorite podcasters travis backer said you should try to claim trophies from people
That is not what i'm advocating have any of you ever sold a mattress before a used mattress that you have used
No, I I did when I moved to austin
uh, I brought a mattress with me for some reason from chicago and then I
Slept on a little bit and I was like, this is not going to do uh anymore
This is a bad bed. And so I was going crazy like anybody want to buy my mattress for cheap
And a woman came and explained that she was going through a divorce and needed a needed a mattress for that
And I was like, oh, okay
And she's like have can I take the price off a little bit?
And I was like, yeah, of course
You can have it for a little bit less than I asked
She was like, thanks and as she walked it out of the house, I was like
Enjoy
Dummy, i've been riding that bed and putting it down wet for fucking 15 years dog. Are you kidding me?
There is so much of me in that bed that you could stick a knife in it and my voice would say ow from the bed
so, uh
Yeah, 100 well spent enjoy
Are you sure?
Are you sure? I was a teen in that bed. Are you sure?
There are things that matters is a scene that only god knows about and god said bad no bad
But good luck
That bed that bed has seen showgirls more than elizabeth berkeley
Okay, we're done you don't want it i'll tell you you a hundred dollars to never mention this again
Hey, thanks so much for listening to my brother my brother me an advice show that we make for you
Uh every week
As always a lot of exciting happenings over here
In the mcroy family house that we all share together metaphorically speaking. Uh
Uh, go for it. Travis. Let it fly first. Very exciting. We've got calling. Mr. Promotion
Okay, we've got zone of adventure
Imbalance, uh, so you can go see the trailer now
For this on youtube.com slash the mcroy family. It's a adventure zone miniseries dm'd by abria iyengar
Uh at quiddy on twitter, uh, and we're returning to balance. There's three episodes episode one drops wednesday
Uh, it's very exciting and very fun
Thank you to everybody who joined us for the adventure zone hootenanny live and virtual show
I don't recognize you when you do this what I just don't
You get so busy like you get so busy
Well, it's because i'm trying to enunciate because I have I know but it feels like you're trying to trying to sell me
I might be yourself. Okay. Hey video on demand is available for that virtual
Yeah, that's the travis, you know, that's uh, let me loosen up
Video on demand is still available for that show for ten dollars, uh for the next two weeks
You can get that at big.ly slash taz virtual check out the new merch at mcroymerch.com
There's a till death do us blart shirt designed by tyler reed which benefits the first nations development institute
There's the wizard of the cloud pin of the month designed by dana wagner and that benefits native women lead
Which revolutionizes systems and inspires innovation by investing in native women in business?
Uh, you can also get the candlelight's ornament, which is designed by kate may which benefits harmony house
And there's also a candlelight's mug there. So check that out. Can I do this next part? Sure
Tickets are on sale for our shows mbembe met taz at the e triple c baby. That's emerald city comic-con
They're on sale right now mbembe's on december 2nd taz is on december 3rd. I will say this we're recording this on
On the thursday before you're hearing it and tickets are selling pretty fast
Uh because there is limited seating one of many sort of coveted precautions that they're taking
Uh, you require proof of full vaccination or a recent negative coveted test to attend
Uh, there's no assigned seating but ada seating will be available
You do not need an emerald city comic-con badge to buy tickets for these shows
Um, if you want more about the full health and safety protocols that are going to be in place
Uh, or if you want tickets because you will need those, uh, they are available at bit.ly slash mackleroy tour
Also, there's a new podcast, uh out that I executive produce
Uh, it's hosted by tybee diskin
It's called chasing immortality and it's all about the true stories of people throughout history who have tried to cheat death in a myriad
Cheat the salsa. Yeah, cheat the salsa
The first episode is about a guy who believed that you could become immortal, uh by simply not believing in death
So he attempted to raise a baby to be immortal and the second episode is about cryonics and fm
2030 who is currently I believe frozen somewhere in texas
Um, you can check that out by searching chasing immortality
Uh in in you know your pod catcher or you can go to bit.ly chasing immortality
Hey, thanks to montagne for the use for a theme song. It's called. My life is better with you and it's a jammer a slapper
uh
real blaster
And thank you to rachel our editor, uh for helping us make this show and cutting out all the dumb shit
We said they that's a weird thing to say because it's like yeah, and I don't know why I said it
So angry. Yeah, and the listeners would be like not all the dumb shit. Yep. So this is a final yahoo
This one was sent in by
rubert
grint, oh
Whoa. Wow. Yeah
Huge big hit, uh rupert grint sent this in. Thank you, but it's not asked by him is asked by I hope
That's my fucking
Y'all hear about chris pratt's good voice garfield
Yeah
corporate that's like you you can't
He's mario and garfield what the fuck where's all the jobs for rupee, baby
D I got a good voice
This is my voice
This is what I regret truly
Why didn't you hear my garfield impression?
mondays fuck
I'm fucking mondays
Fucking love was on you
My name is justin mcelroy. I'm travis mcroy. I'm griffin mcelroy
This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Oh, it's better with you Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
