Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome to what I can only assume is the beginning
of the downturn of My Brother, My Friend.
I'm so glad you could be here for the apex of our program.
After which, listen, I've seen a lot of Behind the Music.
This is the good part.
This is what they showed just before and shortly after.
As we're walking off stage Charles would be like, you know what I've always wanted to
try?
Math.
We realized when we were just backstage that we hadn't done one of these in six months
and so like my body, like my nervous system didn't know how to react to this many people
all essentially yelling at me very loud.
And so like my fight or flight response actually kicked in.
I tapped my chest and that wasn't like, oh thank you, I'm so honored.
It was like, my heart is like fucking racing right now.
With a small tonal shift we would have had to leave.
I know.
There's like a weird part of my brain that's like, you need to get the fuck out of here.
First off, can I get a little more monitor?
I don't know what that means but I like to say it every time.
Welcome to my brother, my brother and me, an advice show for the Marchanera.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis Patrick McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30, media luminary, Griffin MC McElroy.
With Chilean miners emerging from a six-month-long slumber, we have returned.
And that's going to do it for us.
We want to say thank you to John Roderick.
This little Mariah Carey headset thing that they're wearing, they actually send you this
when you get 30 under 30.
So you can do your TED talk.
Imagine this.
So here's the really special thing about tonight's show that I'm so excited about that you won't
be, but we really were, because it had never occurred to us.
Watch this.
You ready?
We can stand up.
Nowhere to hide.
I could do the whole show from back here.
Where's Travis, they wonder.
So we can just kind of, if energy's flagging, we could just sort of like get up on stage
like Def Comedy Jam and just like get some, we won't do that much, we'll immediately forget
we could do it.
And as long as we're like taking people behind the curtain, like we all have just like children's
bladders and so this technology may actually allow us to run to the zone and still participate
in our communal comedy.
Leave the bathroom door open, I'll hear the japes.
Oh man, I really am a little, I'm a little freaked out right now.
We've also had a lot of sugar today.
Yeah.
We have had both Voodoo Donuts and Blue Star Donuts.
And you said I couldn't do local references.
I did it.
I mean, you did successfully name two donut places.
Thank you.
Now I'm doing the slow carb thing, so on the Saturdays I get to just like eat like a garbage
person.
And this is my first one, so I was so excited.
Like I was literally woke up first thing this morning just like we need to walk to get donuts
and Travis and I walked 20 minutes in the rain to go get donuts.
It's worth it too.
Should we start doing the thing we do on the podcast, My Brother, My Brother and Me?
We have so much time without the opener, I just want to spend a minute with them.
Yeah.
We don't have an opener, so we were hoping, if it's okay with you all, extra long, extra
weird.
Is that?
Okay.
Okay, now let's, hold on, the other thing is, we say weird a lot.
I'm not trying to curry local favor.
I know that would be like the whack, like I don't, when we do a show at Boston, I'm
like not like this show's going to have extra beans like that, like is Portland known for
being weird and remaining, so yeah, yeah.
Interesting.
It's like the old slogan, keep Boston beans.
On this show, we take your questions and we turn them alchemy like into wisdom.
We are going to do questions from the audience, probably a lot of them since we have a lot
of time to kill.
We'll do a good amount.
I don't want to over promise, I'd rather under promise and over.
But we do have the one rule, does everyone know what the audience question rule is?
Audience.
Okay.
That's right.
No, no danger of that.
Some, some, some like weird podcast angel just got its wings.
Okay.
All right, here we go.
Questions and podcast.
We can't go six months without doing these again.
I literally, it's like learning to walk again.
Please be patient with us.
We'll cut out the bad parts and only you will experience them.
If I'm worth, so here's the thing.
No.
Justin.
If I'm working as a cashier, wait, why did I stand up?
If I'm working.
Justin and Travis are now standing and I'm getting very nervous sitting down.
If I'm working.
Oh, we should mention, we've still got to post this, we can't do a lot of visual humor
like this.
Yeah.
They don't have to know this is just for them.
Okay.
If you, if they laugh and you don't know why, get your feet off the couch.
That's vegan leather.
It really is.
That's not a Portland knock.
How do I get out of this bit?
You know, okay.
So here's the first question.
If I'm working as a cashier and someone hands me their credit card and the card has a cool
picture of their family or their dog or something on it, is it cool if I just take a sec to
scope it out in front of them?
Is it more rude to completely ignore it after they've gone through all the trouble of getting
a custom card like that?
If I look, should I react and give them a thumbs up or something?
Maybe I could say something like, nice family and dog.
That's from not stealing your credit card information, just checking out that cool family
and dog in Portland.
Are you here?
You're here?
Didn't make it.
Oh, no.
Really?
Is there a way to say the two words, nice family, without it sounding like a threat?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like you're in fucking cage fear.
Yeah.
That's fine.
That only ends with, it'd be a shame if something happened to them.
I didn't know that you could get, this first thing that I want to address is I didn't know
you could get custom cards printed, because if so, you know I'm going to get a hologram
by a Charizard or Blastoise on there.
And then that's good, because you go to Chipotle or whatever and you can purchase your goods.
But also, if you're losing the big game.
Wouldn't it be way cooler with Pikachu though?
Because everybody loves Pikachu, right?
Love the Pokemon.
He's probably the best one.
Wouldn't you say?
Griffin, don't you agree that Pikachu is among-
You're about to make me pop off on this stage right now.
I'm just curious what you think about Pikachu.
He's fine.
He's fine.
He's good for what he is.
He's probably the best.
Probably no Pokemon competing in a fight.
All right.
Fine.
Okay.
He evolves into Raichu.
He has a better form.
He has an older brother who's better.
Thank you for acknowledging that older brothers are better.
They do if they have better stats and better attacks.
You know, I hadn't really thought about it before, but if you do get a custom picture
of your family and or cool dog on your credit card, what you are basically saying is, I'd
like to bring discussions of how my family looks into transactions.
I would like the person I'm transacting with to get a good look at my family and dog.
This is a good point, Justin.
Who are these human beings who are trying to extend transactions with cashiers?
I need a talking voice.
Because it's none of these three.
Maybe it's somebody-
Put some fucking fun trivia on it and give us something to discuss.
Maybe it's somebody who makes a lot of really unwise, irresponsible purchases, so they're
like, a fucking speedboat, yeah.
Rex would hate a speedboat.
Rex would hate a speedboat.
He's afraid of the dang things.
Unless it's just a picture of your daughter in a captain's cap flipping you off.
She would actually.
She thinks, Molly knows how to party.
I should get this boat for her.
I should get the speedboat.
Do you think if you go to the trouble of getting a custom card made, you want people to-
Yeah, absolutely.
Like if you hand it to them, they're like, what?
They'll be like, uh, it's you, baby.
What do you think of my family?
Now listen, if you do, here's the thing though.
If you look at the card, you have to say something.
Like you can't just pass it out.
You can't look and just, okay, a family, interesting.
Side note, why do people want to make it so easy to steal their ID?
Yeah, I was just thinking that.
What you've created here is like a little coupon to your identity.
Right.
Here's my number to all my money.
Here's what all my family looks like.
You can see we're standing in front of our home.
That's our address.
And this is how small the dog is guarding that home.
Yeah, right.
Everybody's wearing a t-shirt that has a design that explains their greatest fear on it.
Right.
And right below that, their social security number.
So you can just steal my whole family's identity if you want.
Enjoy.
Enjoy my family's identity.
Do you guys want to know who?
It's up to them.
What happens if you lose that credit card?
I'm just looking forward to that call of like, could I get a new family, please?
This one was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Right in high Zoe Kinski.
It is right in high.
I need to sit down and really write all these.
I feel so bad.
But there's like, we've come up with so many honorifics at this point.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
The website is bad.
We'll refresh it.
Oh, God.
Why did I refresh it?
Last time this happened, I lost the website.
Oh, shit.
Okay, everybody turn off the Wi-Fi.
Okay, I can't.
It's just a funny name.
Justin, go.
Uh, duh.
Asks.
I had a funny second half, but you'll never hear it.
If David Blaine and Chris Angel got into a fight, how horny would I get?
How would the fight play out?
Who cares who wins?
I care very much.
No matter who wins, we lose.
How does the question, how would it play out, not factor in who wins?
Yeah.
I just want to know if illusions would be used, or if they would just go for straight
punching.
If they would go for just straight punching and hair pulling, tell me your opinions.
Hold on.
Justin is fantasizing about a fight between two magicians, in which they just punch each
other.
Yeah, you just want to see them kick their asses.
It would be like-
Kasparov versus Deep Blue.
If these two got into a fucking punch fight-
Is this basically the plot of Incredible Burt Wonderstone?
Because I haven't seen it.
Travis, please break this down.
It is.
Largely the plot of-
Oh, shit.
It is, actually, a little bit, literally.
Have you watched it, too?
Jacuzzi.
We'll talk after the show.
Scandalize.
I didn't realize you were a Wonderhead.
Illusions are hard.
It's hard in this day and age.
We have magic computers, et cetera, et cetera, in our hands, science, magic, indistinguishable.
You know, the gold quote.
Illusions are hard.
By Gerald R. Tolkien, these little phones, man.
Did you say Gerald Tolkien?
By Gerald Tolkien.
Gerald Tolkien said-
These phones, man, it's like magic.
Crazy.
When I did Gandalf, I was like, phones, man.
What?
No, that's not what I'm trying to get at.
What I'm trying to get at is, illusions are really hard to do.
I think the challenge is increased exponentially if someone is fighting you to make them less
impressive.
Just stop punching me for one second.
What's this?
Oh, no.
I'm literally thinking about David Blaine running a loop over a woman, and Chris Angel's
like, she's not floating.
It's a hook.
Or you can't see it.
Or Chris Angel just runs in and just fucking slaps the rope away.
Right.
He's like, I'm going to bite this quarter and, hey, come on, stop.
Come on.
I'm going to put this cigarette through my hand, stop, no.
If David Blaine paid someone to suck all the oxygen out of the room, he would have a definite
increased advantage.
I mean, it's just science.
He trained himself to hold his breath for eight minutes underwater.
I see.
If the oxygen's out of the room, Chris Angel's blacked out on the floor, which isn't a room
at all.
It was actually the outdoors, mind freak.
Whoa, shit.
See, that's the trick.
That's the trick.
It's like, I've created a prison of ice that neither of us will be able to own.
Are we outside of the prison of ice?
Boom.
Oh, I lavaliered my lavalier off.
Really got to clip this bad boy on.
Yeah.
Really pinch it around.
Oh, dear.
I think David Copperfield should show up and shoot him with a shotgun.
What's up?
I'm very old, and I'm out the game.
Pop.
Dead.
I made an airplane disappear.
Why can't I make YouTube?
Pop, pop, pop.
Just because, hold on, just because David Copperfield's not doing specials anymore doesn't mean he
doesn't still do magic.
I don't think he's out of the game.
Yeah, we're doing him a disservice by suggesting he would murder people with guns and not with
his magic.
He can fly, okay?
Let's cut him a little bit of slack.
No one knows how he did that still.
Yeah.
He palmed, that one time when he got mugged, he did magic, he palmed his own watch.
You heard that?
Somebody said, yeah, so.
He got mugged.
That's a story for three of you.
He got mugged, and while he was getting mugged, he palmed his own watch so they wouldn't steal
it.
So the person with him still got mugged.
The person with him got mugged, but he was like, what, David Copperfield helps those
who help themselves.
Boy, I bet that was awkward.
Like, geez, Dave, thanks, bud.
I have my grandma's ring.
You couldn't have palmed that one too, huh?
Don't get greedy, Madeline.
David's like, Madeline, how did you make out?
I kept my watch because of my trickery.
Hey, and I kept your watch, but it's mine now.
Hey, Madeline, Madeline, what time is it?
Time for you to learn how to do magic, I guess.
I bet that David Copperfield immediately called his parents and was like, you said this would
never come in handy.
Okay, how about another question?
Yes, please.
Hi, brothers.
Hi.
Hi.
Hey.
I've been having an issue, whoop, I've been having an issue ever since my boyfriend and
I started cohabitating.
He scares the shit out of me.
Bad start?
Not on purpose.
Just when he comes home or walks into the room after taking a shower, he's tried saying
hey as a warning or being a bit noisier, unlocking the door, but I'm often cooking or listening
to a podcast, oh, thank you, and usually jump from fear.
Help me, brothers.
What can he do to make his entrances less frightening?
That's from Scared in Seattle.
Okay, hold on, Scared in Seattle, you're here.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hi.
Does your boyfriend have like an old-timey organ that he plays like a spooky stinger
at like, baaam?
Yeah.
Hello.
Are you dating Slenderman?
Harvey Slenderman.
Nice to meet you.
I'm an accountant.
I struggle with this a lot because I spend a lot of time editing podcasts, and so I've
always got the old cans on, and I have YouTube bozos just like, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop,
fart, boner, fart, boner, boner, just bark into my ears, and then when Rachel wants
to get my attention, there's no good way to do it that doesn't spook me terribly.
Could you tie a bell around your boyfriend?
It's a little dehumanizing, but I mean, I'd rather you not get scared.
To be fair, your boyfriend's jangling his keys and saying, hey, he's gone half the way.
He's gone, yeah.
Maybe you meet him halfway, you get like a Bluetooth speaker, and you don't wear headphones.
You could try learning Taekwondo, and then you'd be anticipating an attack.
At every moment, you'd be praying that someone tries to make a move on you because you're
a weapon.
I've got an idea that I've been developing for four seconds now, and it's for an app,
and the app is called JRMY, Jermy, and it's for Jeremy, the boy, I'm assuming.
What's his name?
Matt.
Matt's already four letters, so that's no good.
Yeah.
There's probably an app called Matt, so let's stick with Jeremy for right now.
Jermy, it's called Jermy, and you use it, and you're going to, this is not, Matt, not
good for him, but I'll have to be tagged somehow.
RFID.
RFID, maybe he carries an Amiibo with him all the time.
He always has an Amiibo on him, and when he comes in the door, your Jermy app is always
running, and it's like, Jeremy's home, and it lets you know because it knows that he's
close because of the tag.
Push notification.
Push notification.
You're listening to the podcast, and it's like, fart boner, hi, McElroy's, listen to
all our shows, we're sellouts, and then you get like, Jeremy's home, and you know to be
ready.
Maybe one butt in, one butt out.
Or what if, okay, I'm going to take that, let me throw this out.
What if it just constantly let you know when Jeremy wasn't home?
And if it stopped notifying you, that means he is home.
Yeah.
So you're listening to our family of incredible products, but there's also a fourth-
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy's not home.
Jeremy defends systems.
Voltron.
Also, you should get Voltron to protect you, because then you'd never be-
What fear needs someone with Voltron at their side?
He's made of five lions.
What if he had a body man?
Think about it.
If he had his own, like, you know, like, Dule Hill was for President Bartlett, you could
have somebody who like, enters the room before, and is like, Jeremy's going to do it.
They're still going to be scared.
It's not Jeremy himself.
What if instead it was a hype man that you heard coming a mile away, Jeremy!
Jeremy!
Oh shit, Jeremy's here!
Just ringing a cowbell, like, who's in the house?
Jeremy!
No, I mean, literally, he's in the house.
I'll be back in the morning.
You guys stay in the same room, please.
What if you hung Christmas lights all over, like, in Stranger Things, and then when Jeremy
gets home, he just flicks them up and down, and that's it?
That's the most practical one, I think.
That's practical.
And also, it's festive and nice.
You stepped around Christmas, and it's like, stop it, Jeremy!
You're disrupting the spirit.
Yahoo?
Another Yahoo?
This one was sending...
All right.
I mean, it's a bad company.
You don't have to cheer for Yahoo.
They provide a good...
Oh, yeah, okay.
You have a haunted doll down there in the front row, and it's freaking me out.
Not because it's a haunted doll.
I keep thinking it's a baby, that you're just like, look at these three goofins.
Someday, darling.
I just keep seeing it out of the corner of my eye, and it's freaking me out.
Yeah.
You can even lower it out of eyesight, if you want to see it.
It's your seat.
You can do whatever you want with it.
But...
Griffin, are you ready?
Yeah.
I just lost...
It's nice.
I lost the website, unfortunately.
Yahoo.com?
Yeah, no, it's almost like it's a really fucking bad website that I'm gonna dance on its fucking
grave when Yahoo's gone.
When Yahoo's gone, I will do a dance on its grave.
Do you need some filler?
No, I'll just read another one, but that one's just got eaten.
Which one was it?
Can you get it back?
It's gone.
That's what I'm saying.
Which one was it?
I'll try to remember it.
No, forget it.
How about this one instead?
Okay.
It was sent in by Rachel Rosen.
You here, Rachel?
Thank you, Rachel.
It's from Yahoo Answers user.
It's probably not gonna load.
Oh, Rinaldo, it loaded something.
Fucking toilet website.
I'm gonna get that other tab back.
Rinaldo asks, what would happen if I pinched a police officer for not wearing green today?
I don't have that instinct where I look at a police officer and think, I wonder how much
stuff I could get away with doing to and on them.
Yeah.
What would they let me get away with?
I mean, the answer is you're a white man, so pretty much whatever you want, but...
But...
Whoa.
Commentary.
Whoa.
Oh, shit, there he goes.
Damn, he's getting fired up.
He's getting political.
Didn't think that one was worth a laugh, but...
He's going back to his seats.
But wouldn't you feel bad if you pinched that cop and he turned around and he had a green
lapel pin on?
Oh, boy, oh, I did my parts.
Oh, no, it's not.
Oh, nothing to see.
Nothing to pinch here.
Nothing to pinch here.
Oh, lighty, lighty, light.
My granddad made me this lapel.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's cool.
We're Irish.
It's fine.
It's cool.
It's fine.
It's fine.
It's fine.
Oh, Delilah.
Oh, Delilah?
You pinched me.
You pinched me, Denny Boy.
We're Irish.
You can tell by our accents.
Yeah.
Our very good accents.
Griffin, you didn't do one.
Do one.
Yeah.
No, I'm good.
I need you to do one.
We all need to be in this.
Yeah.
Tora, lora, lora.
You pinched me good.
I deserve that one, didn't I, Lighty?
How about that?
Tora, lora, lora.
Have you ever wanted to change your fate?
That was brave and Scottish.
Yeah.
It's a quote from the movie, Brave, Pixar's best movie.
Come at me.
It was just okay.
Her family turns into bears.
Like, what the fuck, guys?
Like, you had a good movie, and then it's like, my family's bears.
Like, what?
And Griffin, everyone's super worried about mom.
The children are bears.
The kids are bears and, like, having fun.
They could, like, kill a guy, and it's like, oh, my brothers, they killed a guy.
Mama mia.
Mama mia.
He's actually got away from you.
I'm going to pinch a cop.
I am.
Next cop I see not wearing green, I don't care what day of the week it is, I want to
pinch him.
Is it illegal?
Who's the bigger Christian?
Is it illegal to pinch a cop?
Somebody say yes.
Well, this is a comedy show.
We don't need answers.
Thanks, Matt.
Thanks, Matt Locke.
We'll do the law up here.
I mean, is it legal to pinch anybody?
I didn't wear green yesterday at all, and I traveled.
I was on an airplane, and I saw lots of people wearing lots of green, and I thought, am I
going to get pinched?
And I thought, no, I'm a 29-year-old man.
Like, nobody's going to walk up to me and be like, boop.
Gotcha.
Looks like we didn't see that special color on you, boop.
The mood I'm in while I'm traveling, I would leap in the air and spin kick them.
Like, I have no basis.
Yeah, I'm always, like, on high alert.
Yeah, high alert.
I'm ready for anything.
Want another question?
Yeah, don't pinch it.
Just, like, don't pinch a cop, I guess.
Don't pinch anybody?
Don't pinch anybody.
I guess the one teachable moment we have from this is probably don't pinch a cop.
Or you'll get pinched.
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no.
That got an applause rate.
That got, like, a bad Gulf Drive applause.
I'll take it.
How proud do you think I am that I won't accept that?
He wanged that one, but it's Jack Nicklaus, so.
Did I say the right one?
I don't know.
I get Jack Nicklaus and Nichols.
Somebody said no.
Is it Nichols or Nichols?
Nicholstein.
No, not that one.
This June, I'm headed...
That's weird.
Oh, Jesus.
Hold on, let me try again.
This is my stuff.
This June, I'm headed...
Do you need me to defrag it?
Yeah, if you can try to read, just start with the third.
Let me run the diagnostics on it.
Third question.
This June, I'm headed...
Keep going.
Just keep going.
This June, I'm headed...
I want a munch squad.
I want two munch squads.
Welcome to Munch Squad, the show of the show.
I'm really excited.
This is a very new take on Munch Squad.
Not new, precisely, but I owe this one to Matt.
Matt's an Australian who saw the thing that we're about to talk about,
which is the chicken parmi from Jenny's, and it's a pie.
From whose?
It's Jenny's chicken parmi.
Who's Jenny's?
I'm going to show...
You all won't be able to see this very well, but this is the chicken...
For those of you at home, it looks like it's screaming.
Yeah, it looks like a screaming pie.
It looks like if you cut a chicken pot pie in half, and the pie yelled at being cut in half.
How could you?
No!
Well, he's Australian, so he'd be like,
Gore Blimey, how could you?
La-dee-da-dee-da.
La-dee-da-dee-da-ay.
To-ra-la-la-la.
It's cool, we're Australian.
Jeez, jeez, jeez.
So, listen.
Listen!
You can get this one at Jester's.
And the thing...
What is it?
Is it Jenny's or Jester's?
It's Jenny's pie at Jester's.
It's Jenny's...
Just shut up.
Let me do my podcast.
My great award-winning podcast, Munch Squad, within your podcast.
We've rented out this small space for you.
This small retail space in the corner of the store.
All right, you're gonna make me stand up.
So, okay.
So, Matt's an Australian, and Matt saw this pie, and he was like,
that's a Munch Squad right there.
But there was no press release,
so Matt emailed the franchisee manager and said,
Hi, I need a press release about your chicken parm.
So, wait.
This is our first bespoke Munch Squad.
This is the, like, PR blast of this press release.
This is the first sort of...
I'm announcing the chicken parm.
So, here's the reason it's called Jenny's, okay?
This is a statewide Jester's pie competition,
and Jen Bogg was the creator of it, okay?
And Jen Bogg from Waikiki has won a statewide Jester's pie competition
with her yummy chicken parm-y pie.
The soup pie star.
Stop it.
That's not...
That doesn't sound like the thing you want.
If it was a soup designing competition, I could meet you halfway,
but no, it's soup pie star competition called on members of the public
to create a new and unique pie-flavored...
fucking mission accomplished, I guess,
to be sold in Jester's stores across WA...
I'm assuming that's Western Australia, is that a state?
Yeah.
No, it's...
Hey, context clues. Come on, y'all.
Come on, y'all.
I said Australia, all right?
They're really going to like this one in the other country, aren't they?
In that one specific Northwestern state?
Australia, we're exporting our pies to Washington.
As a joke.
Yeah, it's a bad pie, mate.
We made it as a joke for Washington.
Ms. Bogg won out of almost 2,000 entries
with about 400 votes for her parm-y pie recipe.
That's not very many.
It's not impressing you.
Sorry, sorry.
I don't want to be mean, but was that on Internet?
Because there's a lot of folks.
Considering there were 2,000 entrants,
you have to assume most of you were voting for their own pies,
and 400 people were like, no, that's actually better than mine.
What are the other pies in that case?
Dust and mothballs.
Yeah.
And old soup in a pie.
So here's the quote.
Here's the quote from Jenny.
I know you're wondering, how did you come up with this pie?
She says, I love chicken parmies.
And I love pies.
All right.
What better way to bring my two loves together
than by combining them?
Nope.
I love my kid, and I love bourbon.
I also love to cook.
But I'm pretty accident-prone in the kitchen.
I thought you were saying you love your kid,
and you love bourbon, and you love to cook.
No.
The quote is, I also love to cook.
But I'm pretty accident-prone in the kitchen.
This is an accident, so good job.
Good job describing.
And I thought I would leave the cooking to gestures
and just sit back and enjoy the new flavor.
So she doesn't want to make her own line of chicken parmies
that she could sell.
Right.
This is made, what's in it?
Crumbled chicken breast.
That's a bad start.
That's not among the things I want chicken to do.
It's not supposed to do that.
They probably mean, that's probably Australian for,
it has a crust, right?
Breaded, maybe?
Somebody's saying yes.
Why do you know what Australian's called?
Anyway, it's made with crumbed chicken breast,
mashed potato.
Shh, let's just sneak it in.
They won't notice.
And Napoletana sauce and tasty cheese,
which is better than the alternative.
I agree.
This is made with good flavors and enjoyable taste.
This Australian pub favorite was made available
in all gesture stores.
Book your plane tickets now.
From Tuesday, March 7th.
I have a very, very important question.
Wait, I'm almost done.
I'm almost done.
Ms. Bog even gets a piece of the pie profits.
She will get 50 C, that could be literally
any amount of money,
for every chicken parmi pie sold.
That's the, let's just take,
They sell for 100,000 C's.
Here's one more look,
because I know you want it, yeah.
This is a real question.
There's french fries hiding behind it.
They're embarrassed to be there.
Oh no, get us out.
Is Waikiki in Australia?
I'm hearing mixed answers.
How many people thought it was in Hawaii like I did?
And how many people think it's in Australia?
Okay.
We have our answer.
They're not Wikipedia, they paid to be here.
Like we can't Google our audience.
I found that Yahoo, I rescued it from the depths.
What the fuck?
Okay, I literally had it,
and then literally a second later,
I'm not fucking kidding, a second later,
I said here it comes and it refreshed.
Sorry, this content is not available right now.
I didn't touch anything.
It's shy.
This is our first shy Yahoo answer.
Someday you'll start screen capping them.
Un-fucking-believable.
I have no other stalls.
That was my one big stall, was that one.
All right, but I'm going to jump into whatever happens next
in the middle of it and be like,
I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it, I've got it.
Okay, that's fine.
Let's add a little suspense.
Hold on, let me, let's screenshot some.
No, I'll figure it out.
This June, I'm headed to Japan for 10 days.
It's a question.
It's a question.
Also, he's allowed to if he wants.
Yeah.
Fuck you.
Why did you respond to my like, no, how dare you.
This June, I'm headed to Japan for 10 days, not me.
I'm a question asker and two of the four people going with me
have decided not to go.
Cool friends.
After I already purchased the plane tickets.
Super cool friends, holy shit.
That's got to be cheap, right?
The flight tickets to Japan, 20 bucks, 30 bucks.
The tickets are non-refundable,
but I think if I really put in some effort,
I might be able to get some back.
I'm starting to think the extra space
on the international flight is more valuable.
Please advise, it's from Chase Robinson of,
is this Portland or some other place, I guess.
God, that's good.
Chase, are you here?
Wow, you took a while, Chase.
Now, Chase, are you really here or are you an imposter?
Okay, so it's not really Chase.
You all just can't handle silence, huh?
Is that what it is?
It's okay, it's fine.
If Chase isn't here, our feelings aren't hurt,
but I will ask one more time and just please complete silence.
Chase, are you here?
All right.
I think maybe we've gone a little too hard.
Is a Chase here?
Mike, can you just shout out a number
of how much the tickets cost?
That is not where the voice came from.
Ticket prices fluctuate.
Chase.
450, what the fuck?
That is not true.
You are not Chase.
That's a good deal though, Chase.
450 is like, there's a tugboat I found
that is going to go to Japan.
Some weird old lady is letting me dress up like her dog
and she's going to crate me for 450.
They let me just sleep in the overhead compartment to get there.
I'm mailing myself like in a fucking flat Stanley novel.
I'm flat Stanley-ing myself.
I'm getting nurmalled to Tokyo.
Mike, I went to Japan for my honeymoon in 2013.
It was $1,300.
That's a lot of money to put up your legs, kind of.
Yeah, he's saying if you bought the extra ticket.
If you bought the extra ticket and just ate it
so you could have a seat for your backpack to chill on.
At that point, you could just fly first class.
I know you've already bought the tickets.
Yeah, you can't trade two bad ones for one good one.
Okay, but can you?
Could you find an eccentric millionaire sitting in first class
to be like, you ever know what it's like?
One cheek on one seat, one cheek on the other.
You look like a person who appreciates exotic experiences.
In one fucking screen, you can have Miss Peregrine's Home
for Peculiar Children.
In the other one, you can have Don't Breathe, just like Christmas.
You get the fucking quiche and you get the fruit plate for breakfast.
You'll lose your mind.
When I was flying here from Dulles.
Guys, he knows where he lives.
Kind of a one way thing.
When I was flying here from Dulles, it's in Virginia.
It's near DC.
I was flying here and there was another gentleman
of large carriage in the row with me.
He had the window and I had the aisle.
The whole time, when we first sat down, there was nobody in the middle.
We were both just staring at that fucking thing,
staring at the door, willing no one else to come in.
You could tell we were thinking it, that we didn't acknowledge it.
Then they made the boarding things like,
we're about to start pulling out or whatever we say here.
I don't really listen.
What was it?
Yeah, whatever.
We're about to fly through the sky like a bird or a dragon.
What the fuck?
I'm a pilot.
I've been doing this for 20 years.
I still think it's fucking crazy.
We're like dragons up here.
How's this magic work?
This is Dylan.
He's going to stand in front of you and hold a mask
and show you how to put on a seat belt.
You're going to play Zelda on your Switch and pretend to pay attention.
All right.
Oops.
Uh-oh.
Justin broke.
Me and this other gentleman were in the row.
When they made that announcement,
he wordlessly reached over and just extended the pound.
It's so fucking choice.
We did not talk the rest of the flight.
But as soon as that door shut,
we're like bags on the seat, coats on the seat,
pull the thing down, put our drinks on it.
We're just like kings of this row.
That's nice.
That's like you're at a really...
He's the best friend I ever had.
It's like you're at a classy bar.
Read it before it goes away.
Okay, I got it because I paired to my fucking phone.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can we answer that person?
I forget what the question was.
I'm too excited about this.
I want to answer Chase real quick.
Oh, that's a lot of money.
That's like so much money probably.
It's like so much money, Chase.
So try to get some of your money back
because it's the worst investment you can make
because the moment you touch down,
you'd be like, oh, fuck me.
I could have had $600.
And I don't know how standby works,
but that feels like something where they give your ticket away
because there's just like an empty seat
and they'd be like, oh, yeah, here you go.
It's like, oh, my $1,300 is just gone.
Hey, what is the deal with standby?
Yeah, what's the deal?
Hey, what's going on?
There it is.
There he goes.
There he goes.
My dreams have come true.
In case you're listening,
my brother was just dancing around
in the fashion of Gerald Seinfeld doing some of his classic material.
No, but really, are those people just showing up
and hoping they can get on a plane?
Fingers crossed.
Got on my back, back two weeks off work.
Here we go.
Rolling dice, baby.
Rolling bones, mama.
Okay.
Hit me.
Get your money back.
This one was sent in by, I think, John Thomas Mason,
but that name disappeared about 35 minutes ago,
so I'm kind of boring from the rain.
I think that's who it was.
Thank you, John.
It's Yahoo Answers user sexyjanitor asks.
D-J-I-N-N?
What?
Sexy gin like a genie?
Janitor, pay attention.
Because I got excited.
I was about to make a whole run on sexyjanitor stuff,
and you've been over there like,
that's not genie stuff.
I've been over here just working that punch.
You're like, oh.
And you're like, that's not a...
This fucking hot-ass janitor asks.
This fucking bonerific custodian.
Why are you so mad at me?
Accidentally watched a legal movie.
I walked in on my brother watching a movie.
I had not seen this movie.
It was Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiarity.
I watched it over someone's shoulder
sitting across from me on the plane, and...
I bet it made as much sense doing that as watching it.
I watched it on a plane.
There's a lot of spooky imagery,
and a lot of like, that made kids kind of weird.
And I was like, I saw that, and I was like, whoa.
I walked in on my brother watching Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiarity.
Is it kids or children?
Who knows?
I had not seen this movie, so I watched it too.
He told me later, he downloaded it, in all caps,
off of a website.
Our fucking audience was just like, revolted.
I did not know they told such a hard line against cyber piracy.
No, God.
Why?
But I wouldn't rob a bank.
You know, you laugh,
but put up a television show that isn't available internationally,
you'll start to take a pretty hard line against piracy too.
Don't you dare!
It's fun!
Do it to Billy Zane!
Do it to Tom Hanks!
Not to me!
Steel claiming the cube!
It's hard to find!
Not to me!
You do a lot of bits on your podcast
about how shoplifting is not only cool,
but basically not a big deal at all,
and you sort of accumulate this persona
where people think they can come to you
and just be like,
hey, I stole all your shit!
And you're like, okay.
All right, I see where we went wrong.
That's fine.
I guess they do have repercussions sometimes.
I'm sorry.
My name is Derek Best Buy and Checkmate.
I stole your thing.
I downloaded a movie off a website.
This is illegal.
How do I hide this from the police
so we do not have to go to jail?
So one more question.
All right, it makes total sense.
I'm sorry.
I just got to ask one more thing.
How does Zootopia end?
What particular movie snacks did you enjoy
when you saw Zootopia?
Butter Crunch.
Do you mean popcorn?
Yeah.
Checkmate.
Boo Boo Cheese.
What is it?
It's Juju Beans, but I said it funny.
That sounded like a racist thing,
and I know it wasn't,
but it sounded racist to someone.
Minu Gents.
God damn it.
Whoa, is there a fucking movie candy
that doesn't sound racist when you say it backwards?
Senior Mints.
Snowcaps are good.
Snowcaps are safe.
Thank you.
One time this reminds me of a different crime
that I committed.
I ran a red light in L.A.,
and there was red light cameras,
and there were like four of them in all of L.A.,
and it's really fucked up
because it's not actually the police.
It's like a whole separate agency,
and it costs like $800 for the ticket.
Oh, shit.
And the thing is, you can just not pay it.
This is true.
They won't follow up on it unless...
Unless...
You get arrested for something else.
And if you get arrested for something else,
they'll be like, oh, cool, so you shoplifted.
And also, I see here, you ran a red light,
and at that point, you have to pay like $1,600.
So you're kind of rolling the bones on like,
I just hope I never get arrested for anything ever.
I heard that you don't have to pay those fees
because you have the right to face your accuser in court,
so if you challenge it, then they can't...
They have to cut the red light off and bring it.
Yeah.
Like fucking...
There is no joke, like a laundry list,
a hundred item long of things you can do to get out of it,
and one is to just say, wasn't me.
Yeah.
And they're like, gah!
They bring the light in like fucking, what is it, Spark 343?
It's just like, you talk to it?
Halo?
Halo, yeah!
It's the one...
Woo!
Bungie's classic shooter.
All fucking amped now, thinking about all my good times.
Shooting guys with Master Chief, my best friend.
Fuck yeah, dude.
What's your favorite?
Halo 4 for me.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Jetpacks?
Let's get into it.
I'm an assault rifle man.
Yeah, dude.
I turn on my Xbox with my friends
and I just go at it with Master Chief.
And I see the floods show up and I'm like, too scary.
I didn't know there was a scary alien game.
What?
What?
I tried to play Call of Duty, but it was like,
where's Master Chief?
Turn off, throw disk back into GameStop.
I don't want it.
What did you want?
I want Halo 4 and 5.
My good buddy, Master Chief.
What about a Halo 3?
Halo 3 was all right.
Just kidding.
It kicked ass.
What about that part of Halo 2
where you played as the Arbiter?
That was actually in Halo 2.
Did you even play the fucking Halo games?
I thought you were 100%.
What about that part of Halo 2
where you were the Arbiter?
I'm going to go.
Travis.
Uh-huh.
Travis.
What's your Halo?
Master Chief kicks ass.
Yeah, dude.
Fucking green armor.
He can carry two guns at a time.
Are you some kind of wuss?
I just play Dragon Age.
That's not real gamers.
Master Chief only...
No, Master Chief's the only good game.
Shortly after.
Master Chief's my favorite game of all time.
I like Master Chief Jr.
Hey.
I was just...
Hold on.
Let it land.
Master Chief Jr.
I was like Master Chief Jr.
It's a thinker, folks.
Yeah.
You'll get it.
Drive home.
Don't check your brains at the door.
We got a lot of slow burns here.
I was just possessed by the zeal of working in the video games industry for a decade.
Folks, the Max Fun Drive is over,
and you're enjoying our Portland live show.
I hope you're enjoying it.
I look back on it favorably,
because that was before me and Henry both just got sick
and will just always kind of have a cold, I guess,
until he leaves for college or whatever.
So it's nice to look back and be like, ah, health.
Ah, the vitality.
The spring of youth.
Vitality. How nice.
Before we get to our ads this week,
I do want to say thank you to everybody who donated in the Max Fun Drive.
I cannot believe that so many people stepped up and supported the show.
It just means the world to me.
And if you are a donor, just in case you missed it,
we put up part two of the Adventure Zone bonus,
featuring special guest Lin Manuel Miranda.
And I'm very proud of it, and I want to tell everybody about it.
It fucking rules.
It was great.
Yeah, we broke 24,000 donors, which is like, what did we do last year?
I think we did like 9,800 last year.
How the fuck?
Hey, y'all, what the fuck, though?
You're amazing.
Griffin, how have you celebrated post-Max Fun Drive?
Ah, dude, I'm glad you asked.
I laid perfectly still on a couch
and watched almost two whole seasons of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Nice, nice.
I'm taking a two-week Twitter hiatus and watching a lot of Psy videos.
Psy?
Yeah.
Oh, the musician?
Yeah, I've watched like Gangnam Style, and I got it from my daddy,
just like on repeat.
It just makes me really happy.
I know it's not like the best music.
You got the Psy videos from our dad?
Our dad sent you Psy videos?
No, it's the name of the song.
I got it from my daddy.
It's not important.
This is not your main this week.
No.
Should we talk about our advertisements?
Please do.
I've got to load it up first because here they are.
First advertisement is from a product, a service that is near and dear to my heart.
That is Blue Apron.
We've been using Blue Apron for a long time now,
and what they do is for less than $10 per person per meal,
they send you seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients
to make delicious home-cooked meals.
Talking about stuff like spinach and fresh mozzarella.
Nice. Nailed it.
Got it in one.
Pizza with olives, bell peppers, and ricotta salata.
All right. Didn't quite get that one.
Henry's favorite show is Curious George,
and we accidentally watched nine seasons of it over the course of like two and a half weeks.
And there's a guy on it named Chef Piscetti,
and I don't know how this show isn't like under fire
because it's sort of a hateful caricature, Chef Piscetti.
Now Griffin, you say that it's his favorite show.
That fool is four months old.
What do you mean it's his favorite show?
He's not like demanding it.
He doesn't wake up and he's like Curious George now.
He gets these like fever waves,
and he gets really upset and like cries a lot very, very hard,
and the only thing that will make this boy like chill out and stop crying
and making himself sicker is plopping down in front of Chef Piscetti
to get some of his good just caricature of a person wisdom.
And so yes, Travis, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Curious George saved my life.
Saved my life in the war.
Sweet and sour salmon with bok choy, carrot, and ginger fried rice,
parmesan crusted chicken with creamy fettuccine and roasted broccoli.
And so you're going to get all those really, really tasty.
Rachel and I love Blue Apron and we cook all the time using these tasty boxes.
And you can check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
You're going to really enjoy it.
I guarantee it.
It's blueapron.com slash my brother.
I want to talk this week about Lyft.
So Lyft, you know, the ride sharing app.
Lyft is my favorite.
I don't know it.
They dipped on it.
This is no judgment on Lyft, but they bounced on me.
And so now it's like, baby, come back.
To be fair, Griffin, we do travel a lot.
So I'm sure you'll get an opportunity to Lyft once again.
Someday I'll Lyft again.
I use it not only for traveling.
When Teresa and I lived in LA, it was just so much more convenient to like call a Lyft
and not have to worry about parking or traffic or anything like that, you know,
especially if you know you're going someplace where you're going to be imbibing alcohol.
Taking a Lyft there and back is so much more responsible and I would say cooler.
And, you know, it's an interesting combination because you do Lyft
and you both get kind of the luxurious feeling of having a driver,
but you also like are making a new friend.
When I went to San Francisco for Sketchfest and I had a Lyft driver
and I asked him if we could like go completely out of the way
to stop at the Golden Gate Bridge before he took me to the airport.
And he not only was like happy to oblige,
he like talked to me about San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge
and his experience of living there for I think about an hour and 15 minutes of travel.
And it was just incredible and he was a really cool dude.
And, you know, Lyft is affordable and it's…
And he's the only driver.
If you get a Lyft, it's going to be this guy.
In San Francisco, I think he's the only adopter.
No, it's a really great option and nothing against taxis.
I've had a lot of great experiences in taxis too,
but I have often found Lyft to be way more affordable.
And I'm just a big fan and I'm not just saying that because they're a sponsor.
I use Lyft all the time.
And right now Lyft is offering our listeners a special deal for new users.
You get three free rides up to $10 each.
It's a $30 value when you enter the promo code BROTHER.
Just download the free Lyft app today,
enter the promo code BROTHER in the payment section
and you'll get three free rides up to $10 each.
It's a great deal.
Go check it out.
If you haven't tried Lyft, do it now.
Use the promo code BROTHER.
Get it.
I have a couple of Jumbotron spots here.
This one's for Chris with a K, a.k.a. Kromsler, a.k.a. Acid Burn.
And it's from L, like the letter, a.k.a. Pinskidan, a.k.a. Lady Nikon.
Do you think that these are like their graffiti tags?
Yes.
Also, they are, oh yeah, I mean the last ones are.
The other ones are my bim bam sweet refs.
They are?
Wait, hold on.
They are?
Yeah.
I don't know this.
Justin was trying to come up with a name for a human being
and he said Kromsler and Pinskidan because he's a mutant.
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Why isn't Justin…
Oh, Justin went taekwondo.
Thanks for fulfilling my ridiculous pre-knowing you tweet
of only accepting a proposal if it came at a live my bim bam show.
We've gotten pretty hitched by the time that you hear this.
If so, we've probably gotten hitched.
Yeah, we've gotten pretty hitched.
Listen, we've watched Hitch.
We hitched up some horses.
We are so hitched.
We've probably gotten hitched by the time you hear this.
If so, it was the best day of my life.
Thank you for being attentive, affectionate, playful, six foot one,
and of course atheist.
Happy anniversary and birthday sugar booger.
Hack the planet.
Nice.
Yeah, that's congratulations on your wedding maybe.
If it has happened, I'm sure it was wonderful.
If not, then happy tidings.
Happy tidings and goodwill to all.
This next message is for…
It might be Anastasia, but I'm going to go with Anastasia.
Perfect.
Because I like that better.
And it could be Joey, but I'm going to go with Joey.
Joey.
By now, we are happily married.
What the fuck?
Wait, what's going on?
What?
Hold on.
These are different people?
Yeah.
Probably.
Oh, it's just spring, you know?
It's wedding season.
Everybody's getting hitched.
Watching Hitch.
I guess so.
Oh, isn't that ironic?
That joke's so nice.
I had to tell it twice.
Well, here's the thing, if you think about it, his name is Hitch,
but he also helps people find relationships.
So he's like hitching people up, which is not…
Oh.
I don't think people have used that gerund in that way.
Like we're hitching people up when you introduce people to each other.
Oh, yeah.
But if you think about it, it works on two different levels,
because it's both his name…
His name is also the verb that means to attach to people in love.
Exactly.
So just think about it.
We're stalling right now because the rest of this podcast is actually an hour of silence,
and we don't want anybody to get to that part.
By now, we are happily married, and what better way to celebrate
than to announce it on our favorite podcast.
You make me a better man, and I am lucky to have you.
I can't wait to travel the world with you and spend the rest of our lives together.
If you're still unsure if the brothers are talking about you,
our dog's rap name is Lisa Lefty or Lopez.
Somebody just lost their minds.
They're like, but…
Yeah.
My dog.
It's me.
I'm the Anastasia that they mentioned.
That's me.
Congratulations on your wedding again, maybe.
Maybe?
Probably, right?
Yeah.
Sure.
And just on your love.
Hey, congratulations on being hitched.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Will Smith.
Like the movie.
I want to thank…
I don't know if we did it in the podcast, but John Roderick and the Long Winters
for your use of our theme song instead of Parchoff putting the album…
putting the album to bed.
Exactly.
And I want to thank all of our Max Fun listeners and all…
Yes, thank you.
And everybody who works at Max Fun.
And go check out all the other amazing Max Fun shows.
I will say that the…
Flophouse is already one of my favorites, but every year, at least for the last two,
they've had John Hodgman on for a special episode.
And they did in 1941.
And it was just an absolute treat.
Highly recommend.
Go check it out.
And thank you to everybody who came to this Portland show.
It was a buck wild audience.
We hadn't done a live show in like six months.
And so it was a really great thing to come back to.
So thank you so much.
Now enjoy the rest.
Let's get back to it.
Yeah.
See you later.
The Dead Pilot Society podcast brings you hilarious comedy pilots that were never made.
Featuring actors like Aubrey Plaza, Andy Richter, Paul F. Tompkins, John Hodgman, Adam Scott,
Molly Shannon, Busy Phillips, Tom Lennon, Anna Camp, Lori Metcalf, Felicia Day, Michael
Ian Black, Adam Savage, Paul Scheer, Ben Schwartz, Skylar Astin, Mae Whitman, Josh Molina, Ben
Feldman, Nicole Byer, Jason Ritter, Sarah Chalk, Steve Agee, Jane Levy, Allison Tolman,
Danielle Nicolette, Casey Wilson, Anna Ortiz, Lorraine Newman, June Diane Raphael, Kiernan
Chipka, Ed Weeks, Zach Knighton, Carrie Kenny Silver, John Ross Bowery, Jamie Denbow, Janet
Varney, Alessandra Forstner, Nellie Morales, Matt Gourley…
And many more.
Listen at MaximumFun.org, iTunes, or wherever you download podcasts.
Hey, I have an announcement to make.
When my roommate orgasms, he yells at the top of his lungs.
Continue.
Okay.
Just keep going.
When my roommate orgasms, he yells at the top of his lungs.
It's very loud.
No, yeah.
And can happen at any time of the night.
Good for your fucking roommate, I guess.
And, Griffin, I can't hear you very well.
You gotta sit up.
And watch your head.
Watch your head.
Careful.
Oh, thanks.
Okay.
Oh, sweet.
Yeah.
You say aww.
I'm not gonna sit up here with a fucking bloodied brother.
It's like I care about him very much.
I don't think he'd not black out while we're performing.
Okay.
I gotta start this at the beginning because there's a really good…
He yells at the top of his lungs.
It's very loud.
And can happen at any time of night and day during weekends.
It's a little afternoon delight.
He does not care if anyone else is home and does nothing to mask the sound.
I find his yelling a mix of hilarious, absurd, and inconsiderate.
Very sexy.
Very erotic.
Very sexy.
Very erotic.
I like to get back at him with something of a similar tone.
Hopefully, they mean metaphorically, not literally.
Oh, I'm right here.
I'm right here.
I'm right here.
You are right here.
Since my baby orgasmed, I want to get him back with something of a similar tone before
we part ways when our lease ends in a few months.
What should I do?
That's from Tone Down the Bone Down in Boulder.
Okay.
First off, are you here?
That would be weird.
Yes, I am.
Is your roomie?
Okay.
Okay.
No, wait.
Stop, stop, stop.
This is the most important question possibly of all time.
Yes.
Is your roommate here?
No.
Yes.
All right.
Okay.
No, wait.
I need you.
You're told for answering this question.
Please come down to this microphone.
Yeah.
Come on down.
You did not include in the email, what does he yell?
I have another question, by the way, that I need you to address after you address Travis's
question.
Is he going to yell solo or?
Because that would be buck wild.
He's like, you did it again, Dylan.
Another great search.
Oh, wait.
We just got another email and it's from somebody here in Portland.
It's like, I got this dude I bone and he shouts a lot.
Okay.
So what's up?
It's just a wordless yell.
Okay.
How?
I got a yell.
He does a barbaric yell.
I know this is wack, but like, can you break us off a piece?
I'm going to stop.
We're all going to be very professional about this.
This is a scientific setting.
We just need to know if you can break us off a piece.
Okay.
It's just like this.
No.
Okay, so if I read this correctly, when your roommate makes love, he sounds like Randy
Quaid flying into the spaceship in an opinions bill.
That's what you're telling me.
And you have to live with that.
So how'd your date go?
Well, good for the first, about 98.5%.
Yeah.
Right at the end there though.
It had a weird finish when he turned into Shao Kahn from Mortal Kombat.
But like-
Have you addressed this before?
No.
What's your name?
Well, actually, maybe you don't want to say your name on the podcast.
No, it's cool.
My name's Allie.
Hi, Allie.
Allie.
And what's your roommate's full name?
I want to say two things, Allie.
First off, I want to thank you so much for coming up to the mic.
Secondly, I will ask you to take your seat now because we're about to say some things
that might be weird to say to your face.
Thank you very much.
Thanks, Allie.
Everybody, a big hand for him.
There is a very real possibility that if you address this with your roommate, they have
no idea they're actually doing it out loud.
Yeah.
You can lose yourself in that orgasm if they will.
What's the deal with orgasm?
When that-
Please tell me.
There's very-
Please, God, someone tell me.
There's very little I hate more than talking about sex stuff with my brothers.
And I don't know why we always choose to do it in front of a crowd of a thousand people.
But this is when we do it.
I was not expecting this question to take such a Count of Monte Cristo revenge tale
twist at the end.
It's weird.
It's sort of like, how could I bring it up in a polite way?
No.
Allie was like, how could I get back at this motherfucker and nail him to the fucking wall?
You're going to need to start some kind of tally mark count because I just think that
would be a really good look if he comes out and you're just turning back from like-
I scored another one, Dylan.
Here's what I think.
And hang with me because it's going to get worse before it gets better.
Get out the app on your phone or iPad called GarageBand and you say, it's going to get
worse before it gets better.
You can't come with me halfway through the fucking swamp of sadness.
You're going to come with me and we're going to get through it together.
He did warn you ahead of time.
Nobody ran for the door.
There's a thing on there where you can record a sample that you can then inject into a keyboard
and then play.
So you record it and then you lay down a fucking sick hook, you record it and it's like, ow.
And then you send that to DJ Khaled.
Then you send it to Rishikesh here.
You send it to DJ Khaled and he puts it in this fucking next summer jam.
And then this roommate is listening.
So you're suggesting kind of like a-
you'll have to do their base on your
own and probably that unless things are
going bad in there my can I can I
Did I count her over?
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum.
Eh...
AHH!
Laughing
Laugh
Cheering
I'M GONNA KNIGHT!
AHHHH!
Show me that smile again...
I'M GONNA KNIGHT!
No, wrong! Wrong read!
Nut Squad can't become anything.
We had a segment on our show called Nut Squad for a long time, and it was our extreme restraints advertisement.
That era has sadly come to an end.
Which one of these did I open? This one?
They both look pretty full of water, so go nuts.
No, I'm just saying you can have either one. You can have either one.
No, I opened the other one. I had a little drink of poo when I was choking.
How are you all doing?
I can't make out anybody individually. Just one at a time, just say how you're doing at the same time.
There's a better way of doing this. I think we maybe want to do some audience questions.
Time for audience questions. Can we get the house lights up?
House lights will take some questions to the audience.
Rachel, there's a microphone right behind you. There's microphones there. There's microphones up there.
We'll try to get to as many people as you can.
Folks, Rachel Rosen.
Rachel Rosen, everybody.
If we could just get the house lights just a little bit more.
Wait, I don't think it just stays in the sand. There we go.
Is it on? Hold on, wait.
Is there a button on it? Oh, it's on now. All right, shit.
All right, well, they told me it would come out.
Hey, guys. Andy lied to you.
Portland has a really cool surprise for you, and they asked me to tell you about it,
but first we have to go to the Money Zone.
Okay.
They're rushing the stage.
They're rushing the stage. This is our last transmission.
Listen, if you lose us after this, the McElroy brothers, we're so sorry that we let you astray.
What's up?
Hey, guys.
Hey, what happened?
All right, so you brothers have built an amazing community
that takes inspiration from your caring and generosity,
and in the spirit of that generosity, Portland Mbim Bambinos has spent the last few weeks
raising funds and items for Portland Homeless Family Solutions, a local nonprofit agency.
Generous Mbim Bambinos.
God, that's hard to say.
Yeah, no kidding. Sorry.
They've raised $869.
That's awesome.
Nice.
For this good cause through donations and selling raffle tickets.
We have an amazing raffle pack.
We were hoping that you guys could draw a winning name.
Yes, of course.
Winner, meet—now's the time to get your tickets out and look at them.
I know some of you guys bought a lot of tickets.
Meet by the raffle table after the show.
Don't rush the stage or anything crazy like that.
All right, the winning ticket is $273,000.
It's probably—just read the numbers.
Two, seven, three, two, nine, eight.
Yes!
A silent hand goes up in our audio podcast.
After the show.
We'll get you after the show. They'll hook you up.
Here are some of the amazing things in that basket.
There's a Portland walking tour.
There is $100 worth of services from Bessie Day Salon and Pretty Sweet Sugaring.
There's a haunted doll, you guys.
Yeah!
As made famous by this episode.
And now take it back.
That's close enough. Thank you.
There's a ticket to the annual Portland Queer Comedy Festival.
There's a gift basket from New Seasons Market.
And there is an official Trolls movie poster.
Fuck yeah!
Signed by all your favorite trolls.
There is something else going on tonight, too.
Inspired by Travis's I Am Holding Your Hand campaign,
there are boxes in the lobby for anyone who wants to give a letter, take a letter.
People writing letters of support, positivity, or just fucking goofs
to a random bambino and get one in return.
So if you've written a letter to a bambino—I'm saying that word too many times tonight—
then grab one on your way out and, you know, kind of make a love connection.
It's super great.
And my bim-bam-binos have also written you brothers letters of love and thanks.
Oh my god.
Thank you.
I don't know how much we appreciate you.
You're so sweet. Thank you.
All of this great stuff was organized by the Sweet Baby Sisters,
Alice, Jenna, Carrie, Tori, and Emily.
I recognize her game.
And a big, great job to Andy the producer for bringing you guys here.
And happy birthday to Andy!
Happy birthday, Andy!
This is so great. Thank you all so much.
Yeah. It was inspired by you brothers.
You make the world a nicer place.
Aww.
Thank you.
Cheers.
Get up here.
Put you on the line.
The rest of the podcast is hugging.
Those hugs are for us, too.
That's us, too. We're in those, too.
Those hugs are for us.
Yeah.
Yeah. Jesus.
Nice.
Now, Griff, go one more again.
This one's for me.
Because I'm already seated and it's like a whole thing.
You have a story.
Oh, god.
I still want it.
Thank you, creepy doll.
Thank you, Rachel.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I just want to say, these ladies did everything.
And then just fucking contacted me and they were like,
you're the name. Will you get up on stage?
You're the heat.
I got like a fucking sweet ride on their hard work.
Well, thank you all.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
And there's a giant check.
Can I just hold on to it?
Yeah.
I've always wanted one of these bad boys.
I'll just hang on to it.
I'm not going to keep it.
Do I mail this?
Endorse the back of it.
It's going to take a fuck ton of stamps.
I think we have a stamps.com membership coming up.
Can you hold on to this until we get that cool sponsorship thing?
Yeah, these ladies can super hang on to it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you all.
Let's give a big hand for them.
They're amazing.
Thank you all.
I still have an actual question for you guys.
I sent it in, but you didn't read it.
Hit me.
Oh, come on.
I did my best.
No, like an actual, like an audio.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I need advice.
Hit it.
Okay.
So I have a lot of dick pics in my phone.
I'm going to do you a favor then.
No, you can't fucking stop now.
No, no, no.
That's a teaser of what's to come if you want to head back down so you don't have to
stand up here in front of people the whole time.
Yeah, that's right.
Careful, careful, Rachel.
Something happens to you.
The show is over.
Charlie after.
And thus ended my brother, my brother and me when Rachel Rosen tragically tumbled off
the stage.
All right.
Okay.
Here it comes.
Here it comes.
I have a lot of dick pics in my phone.
Just over a year and a half ago, I was doing a lot of online dating.
I think any lady who's done online dating has a lot of dick pics.
What?
What?
I saved them in order to send back to gentlemen who sent them to me.
Wait, wait, wait.
Same or different gentleman?
Here's what Doug's working with.
Basically.
Okay.
That's a fun service you provide.
Uh huh.
That's sort of like the write a letter dick.
Yeah.
Have the worst possible version of that.
Have a penis, give a penis, need a penis, take a penis.
But also just like a lot of them are really funny.
Like what dudes consider to be maybe sexy or artistic or attractive.
It's the googly eyes that get it every time.
No, no, there's a black and white one that never fails to make me giggle.
Very artsy.
The thing is that I'm now about a year and a half into an amazing, serious, loving, and happy relationship.
And I wonder, do I need to delete my dick pics?
No.
Okay.
You worked so hard for them.
Do you have enough that you could make them very small and do like a pointillism picture?
It makes Darth Vader's face.
I do not have that many.
Okay.
All right, everybody.
We're all going to work together tonight.
Do you guys want to see any of them?
No.
All right, Griffin is currently going to Rachel and checking out the dick pics on her phone.
I don't doubt you.
I know.
There's one dude who sent me like six within the space of two minutes.
She's passing a wide net.
I know.
They're not on my camera roll.
They're in my text.
Hold up.
You got to save this on your camera roll.
They're definitely in here.
Make them permanent.
Or to Instagram.
This dude.
All right.
Hold on.
Here we go.
Here we go.
We got a bite.
That's my favorite one.
All right.
He's got one.
Travis is going over to look at the dicks.
It's so fucking funny.
He's got one.
He's kind of just laid it out on an end table like it was sleeping.
Yes.
Yes.
Like an afterthought.
Like an afterthought.
He might be like, what?
Oh.
Wait.
Wait.
That's a lot.
Yeah.
All right.
That's a lot.
Okay.
I know.
Let me ask you this.
Please.
And I've actually just answered this question, like, is there anything about your Pokédex.
Wait.
Griffin, if I may.
Pokédicks.
That brings you like some level of joy or novelty.
And I think the answer is yes.
Right?
Yes.
You are asking about it in front of a room full of strangers.
And here is my boyfriend.
So he doesn't mind.
And you're cool.
You're cool.
Yeah.
I don't like it.
Huge hog.
For sure.
Listen.
The thing is, Rachel, from this point on, when people see you, they're going to ask
you, can I see some of the dicks on your front?
Totally fine.
Specifically the one.
I'll show any of y'all.
Have you heard the story of the...
Grandma Mom, show me the scrapbook again.
Well, child, I was doing online dating for a brief time, and well, you know.
Have you heard the story of the chicken that worked very hard before the winter and everybody
else...
I thought it was a grasshopper.
It was definitely a grasshopper.
Grasshopper.
Or maybe an ant.
No, it's like a chick.
It's an ant.
It's a grasshopper and an ant.
Like who will help me get the wheat?
Who will help me save the bitch?
Anyway, here's what I'm saying.
The winter gon' come.
I love you.
You're cool.
The winter gon' come.
No, you're fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
You're cool.
You may just go out of town.
The winter may be you going out of town.
That's what I'm saying.
But Rachel, the winter gon' come.
Is that what they're talking to you about in Game of Thrones?
The winter gon' come.
Winter is coming.
Dick pic winter is coming, Rachel.
You need to hoard your stores.
Hoard those dick pic reserves.
I actually...
You know what, Justin?
I'm going to say you're being a little too stringent.
Maybe open some kind of Etsy shop where you sell the pictures to people.
I think that's a federal crime.
Friend?
They were all of age, Justin.
All right.
That was never a question.
But I'm glad that it's...
All right.
I think we've helped.
Yeah.
I think we've helped.
Rachel, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Okay.
Let's see.
Nobody's at this mic.
So let's look...
No.
I mean, there's a mic right there.
You just line up at the mic.
If you want to ask a question, just get in line.
That is not the case.
Go back to your seat.
He spoke out of turn.
That was wrong.
I was wrong.
Justin made a bad call there because he's had a little too much of that.
People have done that in prior years.
It's been six months.
No.
I hate that idea.
Let's...
Yeah.
We met you at lunch today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Reyes, Max Reyes?
Yeah.
Whoa.
You...
Wait.
I put him on blast.
I hope your question is not embarrassing at all.
No.
So I killed a guy.
Okay.
Max, what's up?
Max, what's the deal?
Okay.
So I work at a Chipotle back in California where I live.
I'm a cashier and...
Can we tell the story real quick, Max, before you get started?
Yeah.
We were eating at a Thai restaurant and Max and Amy just walked past the window and they're
like, hey, there they are.
Well, actually, I did saw two human beings do this and I was like, what happened?
We happened.
That's the answer.
So we brought them in.
Max is from California and he said...
And he said he's from California.
I was like, well, it's certainly coming to the show, right?
He's like, no, we didn't get tickets.
I was like, well, then you should still come to the show, but it was like absolutely the
most random, like literally walking past the window.
So if you want to know how to get tickets to a show, it's a secret, you got to visualize
it hard enough.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like a weird geocache.
Yeah.
It's like a weird geocache.
Find Thai places near arcades.
Yeah.
That's the secret.
All right, Max.
We're going to Chipotle.
You're looking for new burrito recipes.
You've come to the right place.
Try meat and cheese.
Next question.
Maybe some sort of sauce.
A cheese pizza.
Cheese pizza, Max.
A cheese pizza burrito.
You know what that sounds like?
TM.
TM.
TM.
TM.
TM.
TM.
I want a munch.
Yeah.
Okay, it's fine.
Jesus, with the fucking machine has become like...
Max, what's your question about Chipotle?
All right.
I want to get to yours first.
Okay.
Well, my day...
How do you maximize topics?
No.
Max.
Sorry.
All right.
Okay.
So my day starts mostly the same.
I go in, clock in, put on my apron and then...
Slot of the cows.
Slot of the cows, yeah.
And then we enter this thing called peak period where I have to stay completely still in my
cashier position for the next hour and I cannot move.
Not even to type stuff into the machine?
No, no, no, no.
I stay in front of the machine.
Statuesque.
Statuesque.
To scare away the...
Welcome to Chipotle.
This is our living art, Max.
We get a lot of crows in this Chipotle.
We have Max here to scare them off.
This is our scare, Max.
You just...
Okay.
So whenever I get exact change in complete bills, no coins, I don't just rip a big fat
wet one, but several in a row.
Wait.
This has happened four times and there is no explanation for it.
Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max, Max,
Max, Max, are you telling me when you get exact change, you fart four times in a row?
Yes.
I shit you not.
Max.
Oh, let's, let's hope so.
Sit down.
Sit down, Max.
You sit down, Max.
Sit down, Max.
You're done.
You've been bad.
Max, you are like the solar eclipse.
I cannot look directly at you, Max.
How could you do this to us on our special day, Max?
We brought you in.
Also, I'm proud of you.
I'm also proud of your control.
You're like Le Petit Mane with your ability to control your flatulence.
I'm very impressed.
Who?
Le Petit Mane, the fartest.
You can listen to last year's Max Fun Drive bonus of Schmanners to hear all about the
fartest.
Max.
Max.
Max.
You're not.
No.
You're not good, Max.
Because.
You're not good.
Max, I have terrible news.
You have been hypnotized.
No, not like this, baby.
Not like this.
No.
Max, does this literal stage setup look familiar to you?
Maybe you were lying on a couch like this and a person said, exact change is pretty
cool, huh?
You're going to fart a quartet of times.
That's the weirdest version of the Cold Stone Creamery Tip song I've ever heard.
All right, we promised we were going to do a bunch of these.
Let's do left section this time.
No, let's do balcony.
Let's do balcony.
Let's do very back.
Very back balcony.
Wait, wait, wait.
White t-shirt.
White t-shirt right here.
Jumping up.
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay.
Yes.
I can see.
We can see up there super good, but.
Hi.
Hi.
Can we lower our arches for a second just so we can see?
Yes.
Yes.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yeah.
It says Munch Squad.
Nice.
Oh, cool.
I had one of that.
You know, I almost wore it and I thought that's a bit much.
It said you wore your Hakuna Matata t-shirt.
And you know what?
It looks great.
It looks really good.
What's your name?
It's actually Swahili.
My name is Aiden.
Aiden, hi.
Hi.
Hello.
So for the last 12 years or so, I thought, hey, I'm going to be a doctor.
And so I knew that's what I was going to do for With My Life.
I promise this isn't a bummer.
It's not a bummer.
Oh, fuck.
You know how close you're on though.
You're on that razor wire.
It's not.
I don't need to ask if I'm good because I'm very good.
Good.
Oh.
That's all I care about.
Damn.
So I had this life plan.
I was going to be a doctor.
And about, so I've gone to school for that and well, not the med school part, but planned
for this.
Okay.
Anyway.
Yeah.
And I was like, you know what?
This isn't for me.
And so I gave up on that sort of whole life plan.
It's great.
No, it's great.
It's not a bummer.
This is the best decision I've ever made.
But my question is, I haven't really told anybody about this.
Okay.
How do I break this news to my friends and my family?
Let me help.
Here's the good news.
Yeah.
If someone's going to be in a medical emergency and they're going to look at you expectantly
and you're going to have to look back at them and say, actually, you got to wait for someone
to shout.
Is there a doctor in the house?
And you go, no.
No.
And I'm glad you asked, actually.
It's a funny story, actually.
So how do I tell people about this in the best way possible?
You're going to have to get a Ph.D. in something.
That's the plan.
That's the new plan.
Oh, really?
That's the new plan.
Yeah.
What about honorary?
You can get an honorary Ph.D.
Billy Joel has one.
Billy Joel has one, for fuck's sake.
If you get fucking shot, Billy Joel can get that bullet out of you because of his honorary
doctorate.
In letters.
And also, he's seen some shit.
And when he was in Saigon writing that song.
Scenes from an Italian restaurant is a song about a lot of shootings that happen in Italian
restaurants.
I don't think so.
A near would be my advice.
And I don't know if this is good advice because I've been hitting the Hennessy, okay?
But I think you should probably, I would say, before you talk to anybody about it, I would
probably formulate a plan as to what you want to do.
Like figure that out for yourself.
It sounds like you've got it.
Yeah, you're good.
What?
It's a plan.
It's just telling people, hey, surprise.
Okay, as long as you have another plan, I think that that's what you lead with.
Not like I'm not going to be a doctor, but I am going to be, I don't know, you didn't
tell us that, but like whatever that is.
A magician.
A magician.
Yeah, a juggler.
A juggler.
No, no, no.
Watch it.
Come on.
Someone escort this person out.
Oh, I know.
The next time you're talking to someone about it, begin explaining the multiverse theory.
And say that in one universe, I am a doctor, and then leave.
I am on the edge of my seat.
You really are.
I can't wait to see.
I don't have that many people in my, this might sound cruel, I don't have that many
people in my life where if they're like, I've changed careers, I'd be like, oh, man.
I'm kind of busy just being me.
You haven't stayed close with your high school guidance counselor?
I guess not.
So I think you're good.
I think you're just good.
Just do it.
Yeah.
I guess if nothing else, I've just announced it on a podcast.
Yeah, there it is.
Thank you.
Did we help at all?
Thank you.
Did that help?
Yeah, that's great.
Okay, cool.
All right.
I'm going to do left side this time.
I'm seeing, by the way, I'm seeing a lot of people go in the bathroom and kind of say
that must be nice because I would love to go to the bathroom.
I see a pink shirt about Midway.
Yes, yes, yes.
No, no.
Pink shirt.
No.
No.
Sir, no.
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
That is a salmon colored tee with gray arms.
It's not even close.
But I did like how you just went for it and body checked this person.
I guess it's salmon.
Listen, your next salmon shirt.
Don't let us forget.
Okay.
Hi.
I'm Courtney from Vancouver.
Hi, Courtney.
Oh, hey.
Courtney from Vancouver, if you don't know, am I right, Courtney?
Yes.
Courtney from Vancouver is the person who sent the letter that inspired the fourth episode
of My Brother, My Brother and Me, the CISO television show about teens.
Oh.
Since you have journeyed to our great land, have you been able to indulge in the episode?
Yes.
Yes, my mom put it on and she was really confused.
She lives in Mount Vernon, Washington.
Okay.
I was about to put your mom in prison.
No, no, no.
She's American.
I want to thank you for your advice because I'm actually now a really popular teacher.
Excellent.
You just dabbed a lot.
Yeah.
Hey, everybody.
Actually, one more time, just because I don't think everybody had their phones out.
Wait, hold on.
Hold on.
If you get the phones out in case you want to tweet that Courtney from Vancouver-
Actually, if everybody in the audience could actually... If we could get the hell signs
up and everybody could just dab.
I want to get Justin and Griffin doing it too.
And by the way, I don't want to be- This looks fucking ghoulish.
I hate this.
You look like a fucking H.R.
Giger painting and I hate it.
All right.
Put the ocean of arms down.
My students asked me to organize prom but I don't know how to do that.
Lots of free condoms next question
No, same question
Continuation of the question we have not gotten it yet. I just need some advice of how to make a really cool
Prom, but super like safe because I don't want to get fired post-apocalypse
Mad Max he's a very hot right now two years ago first love and wasteland
It's an apocalypse thing. We're fucking like we're gonna sit here. We're gonna come up with some bad ideas for teens
Like we're gonna set up here and be like how cool to be live
master chief theme
When really all I wanted was just a very dark big room
Dark enough that people couldn't see whether I danced bad or didn't dance which were my two options
I
Neither of which are good in the light times. I I have a theme how about this Courtney?
It's called what the school name
Royal Canadian College Royal Canadian College 2017 prom. No one is allowed to dance
Now what hear me out?
There will be a group of students who are like, oh, thank fuck. Oh
Thank God, I don't have to dance and even if I wanted to there's I can't so there's no pressure
Hey, and there's gonna be one bad boy. Who's like, oh, really?
And then he's gonna have the time of his life people who join in with him are going to be loving it and the kids
Who don't want to dance will have a perfect excuse not to it's against the rules and then the kids who are like
Let's just say it cool
We'll go ahead and dance anyway, despite your rules and then the preacher that runs the town is gonna get rid
It's hot dog I really like what doesn't is done what you see is made footloose origins
This is the first town that written fix anyone I'm gonna Johnny Apples see it all over the place
It's dirty dancing part of the foot Lucifer's
Any dance movies in the same universe we're dancing shit
Um, just a big dark room big and dark and maybe a couple couches and soft places just hang out and sit down
Nope, don't want that
That's not what they're gonna use it for I'll tell you that's not that they're gonna use it for yeah
I've seen kids and what about a dog empty room? Okay a dark empty room a
Joining well-lit room just with Netflix and couches and you can pajamas just hang out just do nothing. They're gonna fuck wherever I
Hope that helps Courtney salmon shirt. Come on up here real quick
We're gonna blaze through these yeah, we can do a few more hit me. What's your name? I'm Andy Andy Andy
I thought you said I'm Andy and I was like, that's fine. How does that cool? I'm Andy. What's up?
You know that we can talk frankly now, right? We're buds
We both know that shirts not playing pinky mill a little bit
Is that St. Louis Cardinal shirt, it's Nike skateboarding. Oh fuck me, I guess I'm yeah
Okay, Andy, what's up?
All right, so my girlfriend lives in apartment complex, okay
Okay, and normally apartment complexes covered parking reserved not covered parking or buddy can have some
Sure her complex just decided we're just gonna mark up a bunch of the spots
So like 75% of the place is like no you can't park
so I
Got a little drunk one night
Had some of the drinks nice some of the part some of the parking needed to happen and wait, hold on wait, so
No, no, no, no, no
Some parking needed to happen from who by who did it? She was parking the car. Okay. Okay
You were I was inebriated and I saw the office decided to put some cones out to reserve
Themselves a spot. Okay when every other spot was taken. Uh-huh in my drunken state. Would you do Mad Max?
A little bit a little bit. I I decided to throw those cones on the roof of the office. Fuck. Yes
If your question is how rad am I the answer is very
So I the cones are still up there and this is like this happened on inauguration night
I was ready to fight. Yeah
So the cones are still up there
So should I the cones or something should I tell the office that they're up
No
Should I cut my losses and move out? No, wait, hold on
Andy at this point
We're two months out. Yeah, what fucking CSI are you afraid they're gonna do now?
Hey, hey, you know where those cones go
Oh, they're on the roof. Let's fingerprint them
What are you fucking?
Reconstruct the security camera that just catches me like that. They're just now checking Andy
You think they just have saved two months. They're gonna start their slow on everything else
How much do you think they care about cones that two months have passed that they haven't bothered to get them down
But full-on investigations gonna happen when they do as soon as they find that ladder they misplaced
But they do care enough to find the responsible party and put them to justice
alternate theory alternate theory the roof is
Very dangerous and they were planning on putting some cones up there anyway
The groundskeeper comes out one morning. It's like oh time to get them what a
Fucking cobblers assistant elf has come and done my job for me
It does raise the question of like if I'm an administrator at that university. I do have to ask like hey
Who do we call about cones on roofs?
Hey a fire department, I think not you
Hi, can I tell you I'll tell you exactly how that scene I go
Hi, it's fine. It's time. I finally came clean. I see your cones on the roof
Okay
That's all by fine
There's like 300 people who live here, and I don't know who you are
Yeah, they're like well that wasn't cool. You did it was inauguration day, and I'd like ah dude
We all threw some cones on
Oh
One more about one more balcony
Person standing up well. There's like four. Yes. There's a person standing up very high. Yes
This person is moving yes
Be careful though
Yes, here we go hi, what's your name?
What's up?
Fine who me yes me you yes, hi. Hey, so you're next
Hi, my name is Alex
Hi
So I have a really androgynous voice, okay, okay?
The other day when I was on the phone with a cable salesman
They were asking about the sports package that I bought and then they were like does your husband also listen to sports
And
I told them that I was single
Nice
Nice am I good yeah, I think you're pretty fucking good
I actually want to call you out on this for a second
I don't think you want to ask a question so much as you just wanted to brag about an awesome. It was a good conversation
Yeah, the only the only
Better thing you could have told him is no. I don't like sports
Yeah, I also think if if you're asking what could I have done to have a better interaction with my cable provider
Yeah, you tell us. I think you fucking crush it honestly
I have had this conversation with my internet cable provider like my internet isn't working. Yeah. Yeah, no we're bad at this
What are you gonna do we're bad for a bad company make a bad product
I normally ask if we helped but like you're good you helped us. Yeah, you crushed it Alex everybody KT. All right
Yeah, Casey Casey Casey come down this microphone case you ran to the back of the auditorium
How could you do this to me? I have to be so bad. Come on. Casey's next. I'm raising your hands
I understand I get embarrassed really easy. So I had to go
Really quick I have to perform in front of people and I also have a tiny little bladder
So I thought you guys would be perfect for answering this question really quick. Here's a here's a weird catch-22 though the
The and take your time. I'm not rushing you
But the longer this question goes the longer we have before we can end the show and I can go empty my now
wild
It's a professional question
So I have to kind of perform my craft in front of a lot of different tourists and stuff like that
And I have to share the public bathrooms with all the customers that come in and I have on two occasions like
Walked in and had the bathroom doors wide open while someone was using the restroom
I survived this because I thought of the legend of corn cob boys. So thank you. Oh, yes
Well, I often find strength in corn cob boy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's great. Thank you guys. You've saved my life multiple times
So how do I deal with the extreme like anxiety? I already have in addition to going out and like performing in front of people
That I may have potential so I understand your question is you have walked into people using the restroom
Yeah, and I like I'm cool about it where I'll like shut the door for him and stuff like that
But I have to go back out and like face them and be like have to do my job and like then you say no
I've seen you
Do my thing
You should be less uncomfortable now, okay, you picture them in their underpants let me suggest one step further
All right didn't work so great for me last time, but thank you
There is literally nothing you can do if you walk in on someone in the bathroom leave, okay
Just quit the look the look the look you give them and they give you has to communicate this isn't happening
It's the closest you can get this is nothing. This is nothing
Yeah
There was like an additional element of like schadenfreude because the person that I caught like, you know with the pants down totally
Didn't notice and I like saved their life by shutting the door for him
The door closed. Yeah, I was like they maybe they had a plan and I can't
Yeah, Casey. I feel like you're intentionally not telling us what you do, but I bet it's really cool
I roast I roast coffee for a living pretty okay. Here's the thing. Here's what I love about this
Yeah, this person got caught in the bathroom and then was like
Yes, please one coffee
They could have left you work there. Yeah, they know the deal they could just go so if they don't you're good
If they're like, I know what happened, but I do with my Vinci latte, please
They're trading that off. I walked in. I walked in on my barber in the bathroom before my haircut once
Not exactly like that in that like I know now our interactions up to that point during my
30 monthly minutes that I shared with this person
weren't like
Smooth sailing to begin with as much of a sort of like grasping for conversational straws swinging from
Conversational vine to vine and being like, oh no, this one's rotten
And now in addition to that fucking pitfall style there's crocodiles down in that river
And those crocodiles
Look like pee, I guess. I don't know the metaphor kind of fell apart. Yeah
Does that help? I guess just letting you know it can be so much worse. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it
I wanted maybe to share my okay that person in the back that I accidentally called on. Yes. Yes. You did the right
Two hands in the air and you're jumping and you're running down and okay
I think this may be the last one though because I might die
Yeah, this is the last one. What's up? Hi, so I have a co-worker. What's your at Liz?
Hi, I have a good I have a co-worker who is a serious know-it-all and really likes to correct people even when he's wrong
So it's a then it's just a man
And the man she questions does he have an active Twitter account
Oh, wait a minute, I'm a man sorry Liz
What so this reached kind of a zenith when I
Prefaced a joke that I was telling to someone else with this is a really dumb joke
that doesn't make any sense and then I told the joke and
About five minutes went by and then he goes that joke doesn't make any sense. And here's why
So my question is where do you hide the body
My question is other than just trolling him by refusing to correct anything
Uh, how how do I do that's not gonna get the job done. That's just gonna make him think like I'm King knowledge. I
Would Liz I would start trying to get as much shit wrong as possible
I would I would with as many as you can and let me actually tag on to that do that and then fill an empty
Soda can with pennies and tape over the top and when he says like well actually just because eventually
You won't have to shake it. You'll just have to hold it and you'll go
Liz have you ever read the cast of a Montalada?
I'm a winemaker. So that's actually really
So this dude is like you gotta add grapes
No, don't let the grapes get super old like I know then it's one that's just great juice start again
Yeah, I think maybe you cut up you buy a copy of Dale Carnegie's how to make friends and influence people
You cut it up tape a bunch of pennies in it
You cut it up in a little pieces and you hide it in his food and then also
Speaking of his food. He also loves to tell people how he's a vegetarian
Is he a sketch
It's a bad sketch too, it's like bad era I said, oh, yeah did it I don't this is terrible
I'll tell you why this jokes not funny
Liz normally we try to keep a I would say a nicer brand of comedy than a lot of people I would say
But in this case, I would say person's person into a well
So well actually well, maybe well actually oh shit
Oh, so maybe maybe they maybe they're fine down there
Maybe they like wind up Bird Chronicle have a little like
Realization down there like I need to stop being such a dickhead. They'll have like a Batman moment
Much more accessible reference or like a baby Jessica, you know, she's still getting paid
What's up 90s kids you love this one
So Liz, I hope that helps thank you Liz
So this has been that's gonna do it
Sorry about the tantric podcast thing. Yeah, but you guys are just really fun. Yeah. Thank you. Y'all are
Yeah, let's coast best coast indeed. Oh
So I want to say thank you to Revolution Hall, yes
Also want to say thank you again Andy who produced and organized his whole day
Any organized and he organized this show on his birthday today's his birthday and like
Wait stop stop stop, you know, we gotta hook him up with one. Oh, man. Happy birthday
Sir funny
a dear Andy
That's all the podcast we got for you
But before we try to sweep up the stage put away the costumes pull our life off the grease paint like Carol Burnett did
But before we do that
First let's also do a girl. What's up? I just have to say like thank you again. Yes
This really is our first show in half a year and gone that long without doing I always tell people Seattle audiences are the best
Oh Jesus, that's a weird energy. So let me say actually Portland
All right, so my brother Griffin every week
I'm a brother brother me we have a final yahoo that we think about we go with you about come back the next week
and we talk about it and
So Griffin, what is the final guy who is from Yahoo? It's sent in by Brett Tucker. Thank you Brett my voice
I know
We've been yelling a lot podcasting we have
It's from yahoo answers user special man to the rescue
Who asks is it legal for me to name my son Gears of War on his brother?
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist-owned listener supported
What's the deal with Brexit? Have you seen Happy Valley yet?
How do British people pronounce Edinburgh Leicester or Norwich not like that?
Are you tired of getting your world news from reliable sources often with no puns or sexual innuendo?
Why was there a butcher's hat haunting coronation Street? What's coronation Street?
And why is Dave Holmes obsessed with it?
International waters pairs a team of comedians in LA against a team of comedians in London in a pop culture battle royale
Join us once a fortnight to hear the best comedians in the world trade jokes and stories and maybe even learn something at the same time
International waters with me Dave Holmes find it at maximum fun org or wherever you download podcasts
