The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
Travis has prepared today's introductions himself, which I will permit him to do now.
Hello, weary travelers. Take respite upon yon stump by the fire.
Enjoy a bowl of stew as we recount some wisdom.
I just hate this so much.
I just finished my creative writing course at the Adult Learning Annex.
You are listening to the number one EverQuest podcast on the net. Who's your favorite?
What's your favorite race? I like Kunark. Who can pick? I like Elfson, Elfton.
Listen, you did your best. I want to take a moment, of course,
to congratulate Miss Jennifer Hudson, who is now a size zero, if you can believe that.
She's invisible? Yeah, that's what I want to- she's just shrunk out of existence.
She has winked out of existence. If you look at her directly,
you can you can no longer see her. She has engine a two-dimensional plane.
She has gone from a size 16 to a size zero. She lives in flat land now.
She's like flat Stanley. She's basically the flat Stanley of humans.
That's Jennifer Hudson in a nutshell, but congratulations to her. Looking great.
Size zero, something for all of us to strive for, I think.
It's going to be hard for me to choose which of those two introductions to edit out.
Well, we like to give Griffin a lot of options here. He never, you never know.
Hey, GOP race, Bachman, Bachman, Huntsman. It's Ron Paul.
Sorry? Sorry?
Ron Paul, the GOP. Are you just saying words that you could
add together just for the funny? Let's talk about the elephant in the room.
The Republican elephant. Ron Paul, Republican Party.
Tim Pawlenty. Tim Pawlenty, delicious. Tim Pawlenty is out. Tim Pawlenty is savory.
Oh, man. So many good options. So Griffin, you just picked-
Where's Tim Placenta? They buried him in the backyard.
He dropped out after about nine months. Hey, listen, bazing. This is my brother,
my brother, meeting my shift for the modern era. I'm your oldest-
Smurfs! Have you seen that Smurfs movie? NPH is in the mix. Making it rain. Jokes.
Travis, please introduce yourself. No, you don't get to this week.
Griffin, you go. Travis lost his chance.
I'm Griffin. I'm Griffin McElroy, the fire starter of intros.
Twisted fire starter. I am the master mage known as Travis McElroy.
We need a new Travis for next week, so that's just something to keep on the to-do list.
Something for my honey-do list is to replace Travis.
Quick story. While driving down the streets of Austin, one of my friends saw a burn CD
laying on the street, and he jumped out and grabbed the burn CD, and we threw it in the CD player.
It said SPIN on it, and it was nothing but fucking the most righteous pump-up jams you
had ever- Crystal Method and Prodigy and Fire Starter was on there. Smack My Bitch Up is also
on there. It was a fucking- it was like music to have a very moody bank heist to. It was fucking
fresh. SPIN. That's the only thing on it. SPIN. No other hints or anything?
Just put it in there. Let it go. Let it go. Feel yourself.
I'm really proud of you for putting that into a CD player.
Yeah, a little scratched, but yeah, it could have been bad, man.
Could have been in, like, The Ring. Or it could have been Fart Touch.
SPIN this. SPIN this up. Hey, let's get to some advice. I've been told that I look like Jack Black.
It's been happening to me for years, and most everyone seems to see it. I've even been stopped
by the street by some random lady to be told that I look like Jack Black. So my question to you,
brothers, is it a good thing to look like Jack Black? Gmail.
Is it a good thing to look like anyone these days?
As someone who has been told, uh, for ever and ever and ever that I look like Chris Catan,
it's not good to look like anybody ever.
The problem is-
Because you get told once and you go, huh, that's interesting. Maybe a little bit flattered.
Maybe a little bit skeptic. You get told a million times. I don't care who it is you look like.
You start to, like, lose your sense of self.
Well, Travis, to that effect, you seem to have embraced your Catan- Catanism.
Catanity.
Because you're Catanity because you used- you went as Mango for Halloween.
I did. Well, what happened was I came full circle. I went full circle from
do I to fuck you to I do. It was a big circle.
You can't do much worse than Jack Black, I don't think, though.
Because a lot of people look like Jack Black. Like, Jack Black looks like a lot of people.
Not a lot of famous people.
Cool. Not a lot of- not a lot of people that people like out there doing it look like Jack Black.
Um, a lot of roadies look like Jack Black, I guess.
Uh, a lot of guys who run the go-karts look like Jack Black.
Not a lot of, like, famous popular people look like Jack Black.
A lot of go-kart technicians look like Jack Black.
I myself have been told by a guy who worked at Heritage Station that I look like Jack Black.
That's horse apples.
How do you feel about- how do you feel about it when it happens?
Well, maybe this Gmailer, maybe he is- maybe he looks like Justin McElroy more than anything.
Maybe I need to take it back my face.
Do you think it's just because, um, in the chubby famous people game,
you've basically got Jack Black and Kevin James just sort of living on the edge?
Right.
I wonder if anyone's ever been told, like, you look like a skinny Jack Black.
Well, that's the problem, right?
Like, how fat you are, like, be glad that people are telling you you look like Jack Black
and not, like, you- you kind of look like Louie Anderson.
Or, like, you look like- who's that fat guy who's so fucking fat that that's the whole joke,
but he was on Last Comic Standing?
Oh, it was, uh, Louie Anderson.
No, no, like, this guy's so fat that, like, he doesn't need punchlines.
He just points to himself.
Oh, Gordo.
Gordo?
You know.
Yeah.
I think he wears, like, garggy wrap clothing, and-
I think it was El Gordo.
It was Gordo.
El Gordo.
He was- he was enormous.
Gordo the Enormous Man was the- was his full name.
His stage name.
Tender-hearted.
Tender-hearted, obviously.
Yeah.
Can you say, on the opposite end of the celebrity weight spectrum, can you say, like,
um, you look like Greg Kinnear, but, like, fat- like a fat-
You look like a fat Greg Kinnear.
You know how Greg Kinnear, like, you know what his body- like, his face, but then with
a Louie Anderson body.
You look like an ugly Brad Pitt.
You look like a skinny, fat-
Jennifer Hudson.
You look like a fluctuating Jennifer Hudson.
After she got her weight right- well, that's the thing, though.
Like, if- 10 years ago, if someone told you you look like Jonah Hill, he'd be like,
hey, fuck you, man.
Well, 10 years ago, you probably wouldn't know who that was.
We'll say five.
Fuck you, I don't look like Jonah Hill.
Now it's- it's trimmed down.
Now it's kind of a nice- now it's kind of a nice thing.
Yeah, but nobody means that.
Nobody means that, like, him and his prime.
Nobody means like-
You look like- you look like Jonah Hill.
No, no, no, no, no.
Post- post weight loss.
Yeah, no one thinks like you look like- you look like Green Hornet era Seth Rogen, who
looks like he could actually, like, throw a punch.
You look like- you look like, uh, Seth Rogen from 40 Year Old Virgin, probably, or maybe
even one of his fatter movies.
I think that there are two ways to capitalize on this, and one is we had a friend
named Josh who looked like, uh, Owen Wilson.
And so he went to, uh, one of the big acting audition conferences, and they convinced all
these ladies that he was, uh, Luke and Owen Wilson's brother, Josh Wilson.
That sounds like a real jerk.
No, it was- it was funny.
Problem is, uh, he was actually the only guy I know from college that has gone on to work
in TV and film.
You can actually find him in a Nickelback video.
Oh, bummer.
Yeah.
So Karma- Karma took care of that guy.
Yes.
Are we talking about photograph or-
Yeah, who can keep track?
I- I can't.
But I'm pretty sure it is.
No, not photograph, because I would remember that.
It's one of those other ones.
It's one of their bad ones.
Oh, okay.
And I think the second way to capitalize on it is, uh, with this sentence.
Hi, I'm Jack Black, and I'm robbing this bank.
Okay, well, hold on.
You're talking about ways to make this work for you.
You're talking about identity theft.
Yes, but, like, literal identity.
Not just, like, I'm using his credit card, but, like, you become Jack Black, and then
you run amok.
Yeah.
Did you see that?
Jack Black just stabbed that dude.
Yeah.
I just saw- I saw Jack Black sneaking out of your bedroom window.
What's going on?
And then he yelled, I am Jack Black, which-
I'm definitely Jack Black!
More convincing.
Except no substitute.
Dude, tell him Jack Black looks like you.
Say you've had this face for a long time.
He needs to- he needs to get over it.
Although, he's been around a while, at this point.
You could shave your head.
People never say that again.
Um, I- just real quick, in this email, they have- there's a typo, and he says Jack Back,
which I actually kind of like a little bit better.
Like, it sounds like- that sounds like, uh, some sort of, like, dystopian future techno
hacker name.
I'm Jack- I'm Jack Back.
Over there in the corner is Psycho.
Up there is Lil Doogie.
There's Jack Back.
Dutch, Dutch.
We got Jack Back.
We got wheels.
We've got Vid Kid.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
You've just skewed into the Burger King, uh, kids club.
Got Hamburglar, Fry Guy, Mary McCheese.
Don't fuck with Grimace.
Don't fuck with Grimace.
He's a hacker.
Here, imagine Grimace wearing, like, hacker glasses.
Imagine Grimace hacking this big, stupid, purple oven mitt- hands, just smash like it's
a keyboard.
See, now I'm imagining-
He pushes his hands together, and there is forso- inexplicably knuckle cracking.
See, you're telling me all this, and I'm thinking of, uh, of Grimace in the movie Swordfish,
and then I'm thinking of Grimace in the role of Halle Berry in the movie Swordfish,
and then I'm thinking about Grimace's tits.
Not again.
That's where-
Not again.
That's for the third time today.
But conveniently, they are filled with grape jam, which is great with McDonald brand biscuits.
Oh no, that's gotta be jelly.
Jam don't shake like that.
Thank you, Grimace.
I do love Grimace.
Hey, is it ever appropriate or a good idea to hit on a member of a band after her set?
That's from Nicky, who has informed us he is a male, which he's coming on a little strong.
I don't know, but I believe him.
That I think Nicky's a male, and he wants to know if he can hit on, uh, a female.
Just go up to her and say, hey, killer set, rough night, everybody's kung fu fighting.
That should be pretty good.
Do you speak Cantonese?
Yeah, do you speak Cantonese?
This, these are Wayne's World references, yeah?
Yeah.
Um, I mean, I just, I thought we might help this guy out for once.
Oh, for once.
Okay.
I, it depends on the band, doesn't it?
Yeah, how big is this band?
Yeah, if it's like fucking Fleetwood Mac and you're trying to get raw with Stevie Nicks,
then you're probably going to have a hard time with that.
But if this is like jam band at your local bar and they just finished doing a cover of
a Fleetwood Mac song, you're probably cool.
Again, it depends on the quality of the Fleetwood Mac cover.
Yeah.
I would say normal, uh, good band is equal to shitty Fleetwood Mac cover band, just by
the quality of the songs that they're playing.
How do you figure, how do you figure?
Uh, have you heard Go Your Own Way?
What?
I'm saying that you, there is no bad cover of Go Your Own Way.
That's fair. He's right.
Here are some, uh, Fleetwood Mac tribute bands.
Belladonna, Enchanted, Mirage, Rumors.
This is getting worse.
Wild Heart.
Oh, Fleetwood, Fleetwood Macs.
Is it M-A-X?
Yeah, it is. All caps.
Yeah, that's good.
Bitches.
Fleetwood back.
Fleetwood back.
I think that, um, Juice Newton actually started out as a Fleetwood Mac cover person, human
being.
Oh yeah?
Just a cover artist, yeah.
Cover human being?
That's, well, we do have cover human beings though, don't we?
I mean, isn't that something that pops up from time to time?
I just saw, I just saw in an episode of Tyler's and GR's where one of the dads, uh, makes
a living as a Sean Paul impersonator.
Oh my Christ, yes.
Yeah, right?
My name is Ron Paul.
I'm a Sean Paul.
Shake that thing.
I literally, like, got up and walked out of the room when I saw that because all I could
think was, what is the market for that?
Oh, it's a human.
And Teresa explained it like this.
The only option she could think of was, maybe someone's throwing out, like, a party and
they want people to think that maybe Sean Paul was there.
Or, or, like, more, more likely, I'm robbing this bank and my name is Sean Paul.
My name is Sean Paul.
It's a booming market, Travis.
A lot of, a lot of our stocks are taking dips, but my investment's in the Sean Paul and shaggy
impersonation business.
Sean Paul is just a, Sean Paul is just a shaggy tribute person.
I'm just going to throw this out as just kind of a, a wide, broad piece of advice.
If you decide that you want to become a celebrity impersonator and you look in the mirror and
the best you can come up with is Sean Paul, maybe you should go work at your dad's bank.
I thought that nobody had seen Sean Paul before.
I thought that was, he was like, he was like, he was like Flicky or who's that guy?
The spray painter?
Oh, Flicky, Flicky, it was Flicky.
Flicky the, no, you're thinking of, you're thinking of Daft Punk.
Daft Punk, uh, his, his spray paint skills.
Hey, yeah, nobody's seen his face before.
They've only seen his art.
And that's, so as far as anyone knows, I could be a Sean Paul impersonator.
You'd be Sean Paul.
You'd be Flicky.
They could be the same person.
Big news, big news, everybody.
I didn't want this to be the venue in which I let it come out, but I am Flicky.
Oh my God.
I know.
No, no, I am Flicky.
I am Juice Newton.
And I could never arrest Flicky because we've all claimed to be Flicky.
So now to answer your question.
Don't, don't do that.
If you have the fucking, if you have the balls to like go up actually to a, a musician that
you've just seen and say like, hey, I agree with your style.
Like actually, I'm going to say more power to you.
Cause I, I think step one, take a long hard look in the mirror.
Can you pull it off?
Are you attractive?
If the answer is yes, fuck yeah, do it.
What does it matter?
What kind of face, if you had to grade your face and body, what are we talking about?
Rate your face.
You're saying if you got a B face and an A body, yeah dog.
Like you are wasting everyone's time by not doing it.
And make sure that you don't, that you approach it like any other circumstance.
You start a conversation first, then get to flirting.
Plus like, but, but do keep in mind that as far as like that natural chemistry or what
have you, part of being a performer is being alluring or at the very least charismatic.
So like, yeah, if you thought, hey, I'm into that, like they're doing their job.
Like that's what they're, that's what they're supposed to do.
There's probably a lot of stage door Johnny's lining up is all I'm saying.
So, you know, I think that you should just ignore, like ignore the fact that you just
saw that person in concert.
I think you should act like you didn't know.
Don't even mention like the music or anything.
Yeah.
And then you'd be like, oh, I didn't know that you were doing anything.
And they'll be like, hey dude, I'm Lady Gaga.
Like, yeah, you know, you know this.
I got here late.
I didn't see your concert.
Why are you wearing a meat mask?
This is a weird look.
Are those pizza panties?
That is my favorite pizza chain.
It's very popular in Japan with the, in the capsule hotels you order from pizza panties.
That is so not surprising.
Hey, I have a Yahoo.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'd like us to explore.
This one was sent in by Terry Dutton.
Thanks, Terry.
It's by a Yahoo answer user.
Jake that thing for Terry Dutton.
Terry Dutton.
Terry Dutton sent this in.
Thank you.
It's by a Yahoo answer user, Morgan Grutman, who asks.
Jake that thing.
It's Morgan Grutman.
Morgan Grutman.
Uh, picking the perfect quote opinions needed.
Getting a tattoo at the end of the month.
And I thought, I thought I had the perfect saying picked out,
but I've come across a few more that I just love.
Uh, if I could have all of them put on, I would.
Just need opinions on which one sounds slash would look best.
I am getting a horse tattoo on my back.
Uh huh.
Not sure if it will be a rearing horse or a galloping horse,
but here are the quotes I can't pick from.
Elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Okay.
So that's the first one.
Not a quote.
Not a quote at all.
Two hearts, one passion.
Nope.
Okay.
Hoof prints never fade.
What?
They not.
They don't.
Together.
Scientifically proven.
Wait, wait, wait.
Okay.
Go ahead, Griffin.
Together as one.
Wait, I was going to put this in the tattoo section,
but who would know better than horse lovers themselves?
I don't want any big long quotes or anything.
Something small and simple, but gets to the point.
It gets to the point of how I'm a crazy person is.
Wait, hold on.
Two hoof prints, one passion.
Two hearts, one passion, which I love.
Like what's the, is the passion going?
Like just moving, moving forward quickly.
Like that's my thing.
Also, what about the horse's second heart?
Huh?
Yeah.
Didn't think about that.
What do you want to bet this person does not in any way own a horse?
No, no horse.
Really, they want to remind themselves to save up for it.
And they think that this is sort of throwing their hat over the fence.
Like if you get this, you got to have a horse.
People are going to think you're an asshole.
Elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Hey, the way that you ride a horse is really bad if fire's involved in the equation.
Maybe you leap through fire as you're going to rescue.
Oh, I ride a-
What shitty quotes did they have before that they heard these and went,
oh no, that's way better.
Now I'm up in the air.
Do, uh, did anybody make any suggestions or anything?
Uh, a lot of people are down with elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Yeah, it's very elegant.
A rearing horse would be better.
Um, I really like hoof prints never fade, but here are some you may like.
Oh Christ.
In riding a horse, we borrow freedom.
Do we know what?
Excuse me horse.
Can I get a cup of freedom?
Can I just for a second?
Let me, that freedom looks pretty neat.
Can I just check it?
Pardon me neighbor.
Can I get a cup of freedom?
And the horse just looks back and says, you look with your eyes, not with your hand.
Hey, I am bone dry on freedom.
Can I just mount you for a second?
Just a little, to ride a, to ride a, or can I finish?
To ride a horse is to ride the sky.
No, the problem I have with these quotes is that they're objectively untrue.
To ride a horse is to ride a horse.
That's all you're doing.
It's a galloping bundle of bones and meat and you're riding it and that's it.
Her friends do in fact fade pretty quickly. They barely even think, like, what are you doing?
My horse is made of clouds and fire and it sucks to be on it.
It sucks to touch this horse.
Horses, horses lend us the wings we lack.
What?
You're making these up by yourself now.
I'm not making these up because I'm not a fucking crazy person.
Hey everyone, quit borrowing shit from horses.
Like, they're not good lenders.
There are neither a borrower or a lender or a horse me.
That's my, for poor Richard.
To see what man has made, one must get in a car.
To see what God has made, one must get on a horse.
No, to see what God has made, one must get in a horse.
Nice work, Big G.
You really grossed me out with all these horse parts.
Big G, this is some sticky stuff.
To be fair, I did think I was gonna freeze to death out here.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, Big G, I thought these smelled bad on the outside.
Hey, horse, can I borrow your, well, your life?
You may not get this one back.
Hey, horse, can I borrow your heat guts so I don't die?
I need your guts heat to keep my bones warm.
You're so good inside.
Thank you.
How about this quote?
I'm gonna build a chair from your bones.
How about this quote?
To ride a horse is to borrow the entire Billy Joel discography.
How did they figure?
Because it makes as much sense as anything else.
If your horse was-
If this is moving out, then I'm moving out.
To fly a horse up in the sky is you are high.
You are having a reaction to drugs.
This is a different answer.
If your horse is a racehorse,
you were a great champion when you ran the ground shook.
The sky opened and mere mortals parted, parted the way to victory.
Where I'll meet you in the winner's circle,
where I'll put a blanket of flowers on your back.
Okay.
So like a head to toe tattoo.
Why were the mortals on the track?
Get out of the way!
Get out of the way, there's horses!
I feel like horses are kind of like,
kind of like you were talking about with like cats and other house pets.
Can we just leave horses alone?
Can we just let them run free and beautiful?
And not try to capture their essence with your back meat?
It's got to be rough because anyone can become a cat person just by buying a cat.
You can buy a cat nowadays and take care of it for its entire lifespan for like 15 bucks.
Like NBD.
Horses, you really got to go for that crazy.
You really got to, that's a lifestyle change.
A crazy, crazy lifestyle change.
You can't just casually-
You can't take off for the weekend.
To be fair, have you ever watched Animal Cops Houston?
Yes.
It doesn't always require a life kit.
Sometimes you're just like, I brought this horse, it's in my apartment now.
Oh shit, I forgot I had that horse.
What?
There's a horse behind your barn, you haven't fed it in three weeks.
Oh shit!
Ah fuck, I haven't gone in that guest room in a long time.
Honey.
This has been our sponsored segment where we riff,
and the humor is predicated on having seen Animal Cops Houston.
It's a great show.
Yeah, real class act.
Yeah, real class act. Hey listen.
My friend and I have been planning to take a cross-country road trip
on the cheap for a few weeks now.
Before you finish reading this, I want you both to take a deep breath.
Okay.
Go on.
My friend said he had the sleep accommodations taken care of,
but when I learned his plans for us, I was horrified.
He wants us to spend each night on the couches of random strangers
found via couchsurfing.org.
Apparently, this website lets people invite strangers to crash for the night.
Third place, and in my mind,
die a grisly death at the hands of a serial killer.
Try to dissuade my friend, but he insists it'll be fine,
and there's no other cheap alternative.
How could I convince my friend he's leading us into certain death?
And that's from Stranger Danger.
Why do you-
My-
Why do you need-
Okay, before we get into this too,
my sister-in-law couchsurfed a lot in Europe and Japan,
and it worked out fine for her.
Mm-hmm.
She had no problems.
And I think if you're-
But she knows Crabbe McGraw.
Like, she's fine.
Yeah, she knows Crabbe McGraw, though.
She can handle herself.
My friend Jacqueline, who now lives in New York,
but used to live in Cincinnati with me,
was part of this, like, underground couchsurfing railroad,
and people would, like-
Hold on.
She couchsurfed her way to freedom from oppression?
No, no, no.
She was one of the stops.
Come ride this wave of freedom.
I borrowed it from a horse.
Woo!
Hang ten!
But nothing bad ever happened. People came and slept on her couch,
and, like, you know, would stay a night or two.
I hung out with one dude.
The three of us went to a Zen church together,
and he was awesome. He was great.
Okay, but you're gonna have maybe 99 of those,
and then you're gonna have one, you wake up,
and fucking Kathy Bates is looming over you,
like, hey, you are-
No, it's not worth it.
It's not worth the risk.
I organized your spices for you because I thought they were disorganized.
Like, even little things.
That's gonna be annoying. Why'd you do that?
Wait, it is worth the risk, though, because it's, like, free.
Yeah.
Like, it's free to get killed, is what you're saying.
Yeah.
Like, it doesn't cost anything either.
Well, yeah, but it's just like going to a hostel in, like, in Europe is-
Yeah, it's a cheaper alternative because the security is at a minimum.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it's just like the-
Like, what are you saying?
It is- You're right, Chaps, it's just like the movie Hostel.
Like, what are you saying?
What are you saying?
Yeah, what I'm saying is-
You're saying it's free, so there's a likelihood that you'll die.
Is that what you mean?
That's part- I think it's factored into the cost.
Travis, there's no-
That's the biggest corner you can cut.
Once you have cut that corner, and you get cut-
How do you mitigate that risk exactly?
Well, my argument comes from the line,
there's no other cheap alternative, so clearly you're trying to save money.
I can get on fucking Kayak and find a Motel 8 for fucking $40.
Which is $40 more than a free couch.
My life is worth so much more than $40.
And also-
Maybe yours is, that doesn't mean the question askers is.
Hey, if you, uh, have been planning to take a cross-country road trip,
how the fuck are we going to pay for this is a pretty high up bullet point.
Yeah, that's never-
Okay, that's fair.
That's the thing you do before you do anything else.
Okay, can we afford to take a cross-country road trip?
Well, do you mind risking death?
Yeah, I do mind that.
Well, no, we can't afford that right now.
We can't afford it, unless, is it cool if we sleep on 12 couches,
and on one of them, you don't know which one,
but on one of them, you'll wake up with some balls in your mouth.
I'm also gonna throw out that maybe your mistake was letting you
skeezy hippie friend take care of accommodations.
Oh man, don't worry.
Hey, bro, we just need a little gas to get us across the border.
What do you mean you got this?
It's like a seven day trip, where are we staying?
I got it, it'll be fine.
Hey, this dude says if I suck his dick, he'll take us as far as Las Cruces.
It's gonna be real cool.
Hey, we're going to the rainbow gathering.
Can you spare some gas, bro?
Hey, bro, can I siphon out?
I'll siphon some gas, then I'll siphon some other stuff.
Need a ride, going to rainbow gathering in the forest.
Actually, I gave, in Cincinnati, I gave some hippies gas
to go to the rainbow gathering.
That's a good use of money.
I felt pretty good about it.
I gave him like a 15.
Anything that gets hippies to go away from you
is a pretty good use of money.
Yeah, I said drive fast.
Drive fast, don't look back.
Drive fast and far, hippie.
I called him a slur, which I will not repeat on the show.
That's good.
Sure, why not?
Like, maybe your life isn't worth a whole lot, though.
I don't know this guy personally.
He's using a code name.
Like, maybe he's not one of the Wonders, as Natalie Marchant would say.
You know, maybe it wouldn't be no great loss.
I don't know.
Hold on, I'm going to check something out here real quick.
You guys keep talking.
Okay, cool.
Thanks for the alert.
Yeah, I'm just, I'm so uncomfortable.
I don't like sleeping on the couches of people that I know.
Like, yeah, I certainly don't think of it as surfing
or any other kind of extreme sport.
Here's, okay, here's what I have confirmed because I thought.
What the difference here is that the couchsurfing.org that they talk about
is like a forum kind of thing where people go and will sleep somewhere
and then get on and say,
I stayed at this house and it was perfectly fine.
Oh yeah, I mean, there's no quality assurance in this thing.
Like, there's not like a,
oh yeah, he's a definite, he's a confirmed non-rapist member.
So let's.
No, that's what couchsurfing.org is.
The collection is saying,
but this one is safe, go to this and everybody.
So they didn't kill me this time, so you're cool.
Cause you know what serial killers aren't is patient.
Yeah, they'll wait.
I'm not going to kill this one,
but I'm going to kill the next one.
I'm going to see if I can get two.
This is one of those few times I'm going to stick to my guns
because all of my friends that use this,
if I on this podcast go, yeah, they'll probably kill you.
I'm going to catch shit for the next two weeks.
Because after those two weeks,
all your friends will be fucking murdered
because they slept on some strange couch in Arkansas.
Go to the store right now.
I'm going to say it'll probably be like a, how many days?
Let's say a two week journey, cross country.
If you really put pedal to the metal,
let's say you just stay with 12 strangers,
maybe 20 if you have to go back.
But anyway, let's say you stay with 12 strangers the whole time.
Get in line at the gas station with 12 people.
And as you're looking at that line,
really imagine all of them one by one turning around and saying,
do you want to sleep with me tonight?
Do you want to sleep at my house?
How many of them would you agree to?
Like none.
What if the rest of that sentence was, I'm making biscuits?
Like three, a three out of 12 tops, tops would be biscuit worthy.
Can I suggest what might be the funniest new thing
probably on the internet is, and I haven't checked this.
I haven't looked or anything,
but I would like to read the profiles of new,
entirely new members on couchsurfing.org.
Okay.
I think that this is going to be a rough and tumble crew of maybe rapists
that you can find on the internet.
God, this is a tough one.
I know people do it and they're fine,
but here's what you have to accept.
You have to accept that when they tell your story on 60 minutes
and the guy says everything started to go bad
when the boys decided they would stay with strangers
they met on the internet.
Like that's the point where everybody's going to be like,
well, what did they expect?
Of course you're going to get killed.
I bet Chris Hansen visits this website and just cries.
He's like, it's all for nothing.
They didn't listen.
They didn't listen to the things I said.
Now this is the one thing I will say.
It sounds like of the two of these people,
the question asker is not comfortable with it.
The person they're traveling with is.
If you're not comfortable with it, don't.
You aren't going to get,
you're not going to get more comfortable with it.
Right.
Especially not if you listen to a podcast where three people are like,
oh yeah, they're just going to touch your butthole
while you're unconscious.
Because I know I wouldn't do it.
Yeah, I wouldn't either.
And I know that people who actually do this,
if you talk to them,
I bet they would probably get kind of offended.
Like, no, that's not our culture, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
I'm sorry, there's just no,
there's not enough QA on this to be able to safely do this.
Yeah, I need moderators.
Yeah, like a review, like a Zagats.
If it goes down.
Can we do a Couchsurfing Zagats?
I need accountability.
If shit goes down, I need a manager.
Can I speak to your manager, couchsurfing.org?
Because I got mouth fucked while I was unconscious.
No stars.
No stars.
I give this house no stars out of five
because my mouth got fucked while I was asleep in it.
Boo, couchsurfing.
I'm never doing this again.
Hang ten nuts in your mouth while you're unconscious.
Couchsurfing.org.
Get a half pipe.
Have you been the other side of the country?
There's nothing worth getting mouth fucked over there.
No.
It's basically just they call,
they call a Hardee's Carl's Jr.
That's it.
Like that's the whole bit.
So I can't leave Texas.
It's just 10 hours in any direction
of people who want my sweet mouth.
Nothing I can do about it.
There's only one thing worth traveling to,
in my opinion.
What's that Justin?
Well, that's the Money Zone.
This week's take us to the Money Zone is Nicole.
A dear friend, Nicole.
She's wishing her boyfriend Steve Marincons.
Marincons, I believe.
It's M-A-R-I-N-C-O-N-Z.
A very happy 24th birthday.
If you're sending in a Money Zone request
and you don't include phonetic pronunciations,
you're wasting everyone's time.
It's okay.
He's a big nerd.
And that's her words, not ours.
And she says,
Steve, I adore you.
And I hope you enjoy your minor moment of fame
on this M-A-V-M-B-A-M.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Monkey Butt.
Monkey Butt.
Thank you, Travis, for saying that.
Happy birthday to you, Monkey Butt.
From your-
And a happy birthday, Monkey Butt, to all.
Are we-
Greetings, traveler.
Welcome, weary Monkey Butt.
Your birthday journeys have led you here.
Can I do a jingle?
Yeah.
Yes.
I know I said I wouldn't.
I thought you weren't doing it for humans anymore.
Well, we've only got the one,
and I feel like if people go a week without-
I'll make it short.
Okay.
I like the idea of a minor moment of fame.
Enjoy your five fucking moments of fame.
It's all you're getting, Steve.
That's what you can do for people from now on.
They'll love that.
So if you want to get on our Jumbotron,
as we say, just go to maximumfun.org
forward slash Jumbotron, appropriately enough,
and we'll wish your Monkey Butt a happy something or other.
Please don't make us say that kind of stuff.
We can either do personal messages
or business messages.
So if you want to talk about your website
or your podcast or your web comic or something,
you can also get that hooked up as well.
Have we talked about-
Did you say-
Did you just mention like a dating ad?
They brought that idea up a long time ago.
We've never done it.
Nobody's ever had the balls to do it.
But if you want us to sell you as a sexual competitor-
Oh my God.
We will do that.
We will fucking do that.
I will give you 100% sexual partner guarantee.
Guarantee.
We will get your dick wet.
Or your lady dick wet.
Hey, have you used getyourladydickwet.com surfing.org?
It's this crazy website where you can travel across the country
and stay in beds with people and you will have sex with them.
It's like being a gigolo or a juggalo.
Hey, you know-
Have you been to juggalosurfing.org?
That was crazy.
I was saying I was in Vegas and I actually stayed with Shaggy2dope.
Yeah, JVicious and Cloudnasty will get up on the board.
Cloudnasty made me peanut butter and banana french toast in the morning.
It was the best.
It was the best.
Later on, Lady Death Mask came over and we had sex.
It was great.
What a fun weekend.
Can I open up with a Yahoo?
Yeah, please do.
This one was sent in by Jacob Blocker.
Jacob Blocker.
Jacob Blocker, the prodigal son.
Haven't gotten one from JL in a little while, but he's coming back to the fold
and I welcome him with arms that are also welcome.
It's by Yahoo Answers user William T who asks,
how do I make a homemade belly shirt neatly?
Also, is it okay for guys to wear them?
You should ask question two first.
I'm a straight guy who loves to wear belly shirts.
I've worn them since I was eight.
It feels good to show off my abs.
I even run the neighborhood wearing them.
My belly is a nice tan.
I've made my first belly shirt recently with only scissors.
It's nice, but it looks ripped up.
How can I cut them more neatly?
First of all, if you're trying to, if you have abs,
like a sweet tan rippling ocean of ab meat,
you can't call it your belly anymore.
Like check out my sexy tum tum.
Like what you see?
Look at this gut.
Yeah, exactly.
It's not a gut anymore.
It's not a belly.
I got some Bradley Cooper fucking ripped, chiseled, blasted guts bag.
You can't call it your guts bag anymore.
Once you're chiseled, it's your abs or your old abadabas.
Yeah, your abadabas.
I like that.
Your abadabadoos.
Yeah.
Abadabarinos.
There's a lot of different things.
Now, as far as making, okay,
is it appropriate for a man to wear a belly shirt?
No, no, no.
Well, I don't know if you're fucking, if you're so blasted,
if you have like a butt on your torso,
if that's like, that's what it is when you have good enough abs
is basically a butt on your torso.
Like it's a sexy good butt.
Then like, I think you've earned it.
Like, okay, but let's turn it around.
I have the sexiest back.
Is it all right for a dude to wear a backless shirt?
Like is it like a low cut backless shirt?
Or crotchless pizza panties?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Listen, listen, listen.
If the worry is, I think by appropriate,
he means are people gonna think he's gay?
Because he makes a point of saying the thing.
Oh, okay, well, yes.
I'm straight.
But like, if you're that chiseled,
people, I assume if I see a fit person, they're a homosexual.
Is that biased of me?
No, no, no.
I think it's a positive image of the homosexual community.
I feel like they're the only ones taking care of themselves.
Yeah.
That's how they're gonna breed us out of existence.
Listen, you can't be upset by that
because of the show Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
That show existed to be like, hey, we're taking care of ourselves.
Get on it, straight people.
I mean, it makes sense.
They have so much skin in the game.
Like they're more heterosexuals than there are of them,
so they have to be like on fucking point.
They have to be at the top of their game.
I think that makes sense.
I don't think that's mean to say.
Well, it's very nice to say.
I just don't know if it's fair or unfair to their community.
I think it's totally fair.
I mean, I'm blasted and ripped and chiseled,
and my core is, my delts, my delta burps are fucking blasted.
But I also love the ladies.
Now, I'm pizza blasted, but I'm married,
so it doesn't matter anymore for me.
What if you're a real flavor blasted
and you wear a belly shirt that just says, I'm straight.
But it says, but the straight has been torn off.
Here's the problem.
If you're a great, cool, gay person
with a really funny sense of humor,
a belly shirt that says I'm straight
would probably be the funniest thing you've ever seen.
Probably the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Like they would just run past you, get it?
You got me.
Do you see?
Do you see?
That would be funny.
Gay people of America, start getting a little crazy.
We're ready.
I'm ready for it.
I'm ready to embrace you.
Listen, it's gotten to a point now where you won gay marriage
in New York.
You've proven to everyone that you can be polite,
wonderful members of society.
Now fucking flip it.
Now fucking flip that script.
Yeah.
I want you back to like 1992, 1993 gay.
Those were the gays when you could just,
oh, you just defiled our expectations.
Those were the gays.
Oh man, I want like, I want like Jeffrey too, okay?
I want, I want like-
Those were the gays.
I miss, they're too mainstream now.
Yeah.
The correct answer, by the way, is you can't cut a belly shirt neatly.
You have to just have it made half a shirt
and then they stop halfway down the torso.
It's really the loss of craftsmanship.
I learned that from Jesse Thorne on the belly shirt,
put this on episode.
That was a great one.
Did you catch that one?
I thought that, I thought Alyssa Gore did a great editing job on those.
Got really some nice tight shots on people's guts.
I thought the belly jumpsuit he wore was a bit much, but-
Yeah, I didn't know that you could have a tweed belly shirt either,
but it doesn't seem comfortable.
Yeah, it's making it work though.
Yeah, it sure was.
Hey, listen, do you think there will ever be a time again
when there aren't weird negative stigmas attached with having a mustache
or is this just my burden to bear as a dude with a stash in the 21st century?
And that is from where of all the good mustaches gone.
What weird-
There is.
You know there is.
You know there is.
He means mustache only, I'm assuming, and not mustache and beard.
Okay, because as a bearded gentleman, I run into only positive stereotypes.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, I think, here's the thing though, here's the problem with this whole,
the question, this is one of those situations where the answer is within the question.
If, as soon as cool people like yourself retreat and stop wearing the mustache,
the mustache becomes solely pedo territory.
Mm-hmm. You know, it's like you see that ground to weird beards,
and then all of a sudden it's like, oops, we're mustaches.
Only bad people have mustaches.
They came for the mustaches of the cool people, I said nothing.
Then the weird people had mustaches and there was no one left for me to mustache for.
Exactly.
That was really good, Justin.
Thank you.
That was beautiful.
That was Langston Hughes, wasn't it?
I read it off my Starbucks cup just now.
I actually have flipped it.
I have just flipped it from the beginning of this question where I was like,
fuck yeah, mustaches, and now I'm like, maybe don't.
I think that a mustache can be like a red carnation on a blind date
where you can tell who the creepsters are if normies don't wear them anymore.
Like if I get on couchsurfing.org and I do a mustache check,
then I can be like, oh, maybe don't sleep on the couch.
So like if a place has like three out of five mustaches.
No, if a face has one out of a possible one mustache,
then that's a sign that maybe I shouldn't stay there.
What if it has more than one?
Oh, God.
Holy shit.
Well, eyebrows are basically mustaches for your eyes, for your eye mouths.
I'm gonna go a more active approach and say that as a cool mustache wearer,
it is now your job to travel the world and point out people that should shave their mustaches.
There's the problem.
You're like, I've earned this, you shave it.
Oh, that definitely exists.
There's a hierarchy of mustache.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I think that if you have a glorious full-bodied mustache
and you see somebody with that sketchy stender stash that's not quite filled out.
Stender stash, I would say, is the bottom of the barrel.
I would say the top of the barrel is like a John Hodgeman, like a John Hodgeman.
Like a like a like a glorious stash.
He's making that work.
Yeah.
Or Sam Elliott.
I've kind of like Sam Elliott.
God, yes.
The prototype.
People say like, why don't you guys have more guests on?
If I could get Sam Elliott's mustache on as a guest, I'd be in a heartbeat.
How about just print up a bunch of business cards, right?
That just have Sam Elliott's picture with a little quote underneath
that says you need to shave your stash from Sam Elliott and you hand them out.
Yeah, like demerits.
Like, hey, yeah.
You guys are acting weird.
You did a bad job.
You guys are acting weirder.
Lose it!
You're gonna shave it.
I thought, very briefly, I was at the pool yesterday
and I didn't like the feeling of the hair on my face and chin being so moist.
And I thought about maybe if a mustache would work for me.
I think about it all the time.
I'm actually thinking about it right now.
I'm thinking about-
I'm stroking my upper lip hair right now.
I was gonna ask you a question.
Do you think it would be possible with your recording set up,
could you shave down to a mustache as we're finishing the show?
Would that be possible?
Probably not.
Because my girlfriend would instantly leave me.
Yeah, we would need it.
Plus, we'd also have to turn it into a full blown multimedia,
social media online experience.
Maybe next time we do a live show, you can go to just a mustache.
Yeah, I think live show mustache, I think I could definitely do that.
All right, you've heard it here, all mustaches.
I can do one, Travis can do one, Justin can borrow one from a horse.
I can draw it on.
Justin can draw it on.
With mascara and a stipple brush.
This is gonna be great.
It's gonna be a good show.
Hey, my boyfriend and I have been dating for around three months,
but we don't have a specific anniversary.
That never struck me as odd,
but some of my girlfriends insisted that it was weird
and that he and I needed to have one.
Is not having an anniversary a slight to romantic traditions,
or should we just make up an arbitrary date to appease my friends?
And that is from Michelle Mittens.
Oh, Michelle Mittens.
Michelle, can you not ballpark it for me?
Like you don't remember if it was hot or cold outside?
She did.
It was three months.
Three months ago, so that would be May?
April?
No, maybe May.
I think we just have to pick one.
Yeah, well, is there not an instigating event?
Can you not remember, like,
I remember we had that like four hour talk
after the Dave Matthews Band concert.
Yeah, what's yours?
What's your favorite?
Mine is Ants Marching.
Oh, mine too.
Dreaming.
Yeah, he said American Baby and he laughed.
He was like, no, nobody's favorite song is American Baby.
Wow.
I don't think it's that big of a deal when you're dating, personally.
I think that, but no, no, no, no, no.
You're wrong and here's why.
Okay.
It's like when you have a learner's permit.
If you can't observe the rules of the road with a learner's permit,
you don't deserve a driver's license.
Travis, that was unusually astute.
Are you on PCP?
I'm unlimited.
Have you been taking the Bradley Cooper pills?
I am.
I'm on the Bradley Cooper pills.
Travis brought some insight from a horse today, I think.
I think that we need to pick one for her.
What's a good date?
What is it?
Go with the first.
Go with like June 1st.
No, fuck that.
We have an opportunity right now, Travis, to create love.
Okay.
What is a good day for love to be on?
She said around three months, right?
So we're going May, right?
May.
Okay, if you're going memorable, what about May 8th?
And then you can remember Mayth.
Mayth.
Mayth.
That's not bad.
What about Cinco de Mayo?
What about Cinco de Mayo?
That's what I was thinking, fucking-
I love it.
Five-five, easy to remember Cinco de Mayo.
It's perfect.
Let's get tequila drunk together and spend some time.
Eat some chimmy burritos.
Watch Love, actually.
That's what you do.
I like this.
Cinco de Mayo.
Yeah, Cinco de Mayo.
And then you can Cinco de Love make.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Yeah, we synced up on Cinco de Mayo.
That's what you tell people and they'll retch a little bit in their mouths.
That's what they'll say.
No, I think you just tell the honest story when people are like,
Oh, what's your anniversary?
Say it's Cinco de Mayo because three random dudes chose it for us.
Three random dudes chose our anniversary.
Yeah, we have a special kind of love.
Three guys spread throughout the country decided when we were in love.
My favorite oral novel.
I wish more people gave us that kind of, I think of us as sort of the global justicars of love.
Like, I wish that people would write us and be like, what day was my baby born?
Yeah.
Hey, I need a new birthday.
What's up?
Who is my real dad?
Hey, Christmas sucks.
Can you move it?
Sure can.
I sure can.
March 12th.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
St. Patrick's Day is coming up soon.
Oh, my advent calendar is wrong.
I need a new one.
Hey, I have a Yahoo.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Cal.
Thank you, Cal.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Helen of Troy, who asks,
How do people dress?
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
It says, how do people dress at spanking parties?
I'm not planning on going to one.
But I am curious as to what they're all about.
Do people-
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Do people dress in role-playing costumes?
Can you just sit there and observe all the spanking around
and you not have to participate?
Good one, Dave.
You really got her.
Not for me to spank you.
Do you have to pay to enter the party?
Are the parties usually at a private residence?
Any answers would be appreciated.
I'm willing to bet that if you go to a spanking party,
you're paying in one way or another.
Yeah, no one rides for free.
Oh, man, what do you-
Ass, ass, or ass, no one rides for free.
Which one?
What is a spanking party?
Yeah, I'm already upset by just the assumption
that this is a real thing that people do
and not something this person has made up.
Yeah, because there's not a five paragraph answer
that somebody's provided.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, oops.
Everybody, I want complete silence.
Griffin, you have to read the whole thing.
Let's see how long we can go.
Oh, man.
This is Baka Otaku 30.
Good start.
Is there some music you can underlay here later
when you're editing together?
Something kind of nice and easy?
Yeah, I'll throw down some Norah Jones.
Yeah, that would be great, actually.
Having been to my fair share of spanking parties,
I'll happily answer this.
Though more information can be found in an essay
that I posted on my spanking blog months ago.
The link to my blog can be found on my profile,
though it'll take some digging to find the correct entry.
Unless a party has a specific theme like teacher-student,
most people will simply wear clothes
that are comfortable and casual.
Spankers may tend to wear clothes
that are more formal or authoritative.
And spankies...
And spankies leans towards clothes
that are loose-fitting or easily removed,
allowing faster access to bare their bottom.
Skirts are common among female spankies,
with pleated schoolgirl skirts being the most common.
Some people will dress in roleplay, though,
and there are some parties devoted entirely to roleplay.
Yes, you may sit and observe if you don't feel like playing.
No one is forced to play,
and many parties have the attendees wear stickers
that show the orientation for their night,
top, bottom, or switch.
I just threw a can across the room because I was so like,
yes, I gave blood today.
That's a crazy sticker.
And include a designation for observer or newbie.
Oh, as Phil pointed out,
you may be encouraged to play, but most people won't be pushy.
If you're new, the best parties will give a new person
a chance to feel comfortable before they start playing.
Most parties do have an entrance fee,
or at least ask for a donation to cover costs,
or that the attendees bring a...
What costs?
Or that the attendees bring a...
The aloe vera?
Or that the attendees bring a covered dish to share.
Who brought the fried kale?
This is...
Ow!
Fuck!
Ow!
Not yet, Steve!
Jesus fuck!
Look at my sticker!
I'm an observer!
Check my sticker!
Jesus!
I'm the caterer to this spank party!
God damn!
I'm clearly dressed in a more authoritative manner.
I am the swanger!
I like to wear a trench coat to the parties
and tell them that I'm the covered dish.
The best parties also offer the most
for the least amount of cash.
From what I've heard,
Shadow Lane costs far too much for what is available.
And I went to a Crimson Moon party
and can say that the same is true for all of them.
Crimson Moon, fuck you!
Fuck you, that's made up.
The most bang for the buck-
Oh, this is promising.
The most bang for the buck, from my experience,
is the Texas All-State Spanking Party,
as their entrance fees are always low,
yet the party is huge,
particularly the years that it takes place in Dallas.
Road trip.
Griffin must go.
I'm gonna shave down to a mustache.
I'm gonna fucking show up to that.
Oh, God.
Uh, larger parties take place in hotels and resorts.
Smaller parties usually at private residences.
I enjoy the seclusion of a cabin party.
There's something alluring to me at the public nature of a hotel party.
No shit, you fucking-
Okay, straight up.
You guys gave shit to the people on couchsurfing.org.
This is the new terrifying.
Hey, uh, listen.
As long as you're staying with me tonight,
uh, you'll feel your win in Rome, you know?
Uh, I got some friends coming overnight.
Uh, uh, choose your sticker.
Stand into the- get in the spankatorium.
Choose wisely.
Stand in the spank tank with your sticker.
Welcome to the spankatorium.
You can sleep on the couch if you'd like,
but we might be keeping you up.
We might keep you up if you sleep too close to the spank dome.
Uh, last thing.
Team mate enter.
One man leaves.
One more thing, and this is the most upsetting part.
There are also icebreaker games to get everyone comfortable when a party starts,
so spanking can begin.
Uh, demos, vendors, contests, and special events.
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Just really quick.
Um, I mean, I get, um, like, what's the- what's the-
does it go trust falls, then low ropes activities,
and then you fucking punish someone?
Just punish that ass.
What's the core- what is the- explain to me.
You played the minister's cat.
It's- no, it's name game, keep the balls in the air,
and then paddle till bloody chunks.
Just fucking wail on that ass.
Punish that student, and then you go back to low ropes.
Is it light as a feather, stiff as a board,
and then cat of nine tails?
Yeah.
I can never remember.
See, I like to use spanking to break the ice
before I do something uncomfortable.
Like, hey, I'm Justin.
Low ropes are this way.
Ask to borrow money or something.
You want some Sprite?
My favorite thing, and it goes all the way back
to the beginning of the explanation, is the line, um,
because of, uh, I've gone to a bunch of spanking parties,
I'll handle this one.
Like, everybody was rushing to answer, and they're like,
I got this, I got this.
I got this.
Don't worry.
I got it.
Allow me.
I consider myself-
You come to the right place.
We're cool. We're cool.
I have a master sticker, so, you know,
you know that I know what I'm talking about.
Oh, you brought casserole.
That's nice.
How excited must this guy have been
to be combing the weird party section of Yahoo Answers,
and fucking finally, someone is ready to tap into his expertise?
The punishment part, no.
Master student, no, no, no.
Poop eating, have to, no, no, no.
Ah, here we go.
A spanking question.
This question, by the way,
I just realized was from four years ago,
so if we're lucky-
This person's dead.
That everyone is dead.
Spank to death.
Spank to- Oh, you spanked my guts out!
No!
You know, you guys understand how this little short story ends, right?
It ends with, sometime this week,
we get an email from someone whose butt hurt for giving an expression.
Hey, listen.
Me and my spouse-
Me and my fellow cheek blasters,
we didn't like those things you said.
Listen, me and the other rump wrestlers were talking.
It's, listen, tough shit, okay?
Everybody does weird things.
Keep it secret, keep it safe.
Part of it, part of it, part of the weird shit
is not getting uppity when other people call you on it,
because it's a secret, so you're not supposed to admit to it.
That's what secrets are.
And listen, no one can possibly use the phrase,
no, no, I do this all the time.
There's nothing weird about it.
Fuck you.
By the way, scoop for you,
if there was nothing weird about it,
you wouldn't prefer cabin parties, you weirdo.
I like Tupperware parties in the middle of fucking nowhere
where I know the sheriff's not gonna come
putting his big nose into my business.
Unless he's into that.
Unless he's into that.
He's more than welcome, obviously.
All are welcome.
All are welcome at the spank party.
I will say that if the rest of the world
could take on the open-mindedness of a spank party,
maybe we'd be a little bit of a better place.
Yeah, or the worst place ever.
Or the worst place ever, and no one could sit down.
Just a chairless wasteland.
Let's see.
Listen, I wanna hear Griffin's last question.
But first, just a few housekeeping things.
Next week, we are gonna have a special back-to-school episode.
All our questions, everything's gonna be about
headed back to school.
About the movie Back to School.
Yeah, about the movie Back to School,
about actually physically going,
what's cool for kids, what styles are cool this year.
But that's gonna be up to you.
You need to send us all your back-to-school questions,
you know, from college to kindergarten.
Here's the sneak preview.
Five star, out.
Mead, in.
Yeah.
Trapper keeper.
Donezo.
Please, if you get a chance this week,
can you just tell a friend, say,
hey, I made you a CD, it's got the show on it.
Or, and hey, this is a super-duper please.
I see a lot of people ask people on Twitter,
like, hey, what's with Bim Bam?
Because you just talked about it.
Will you answer them?
Can you please send them a link to our sampler,
so that way they listen to it?
It's bit.ly forward slash it's Bim Bam.
And if they hear that, they think,
oh, this is funny.
It's an easy way to get people into it.
Or just search YouTube for Bim Bam.
It's like the first thing that comes up.
Yeah, and also, while they're on there,
make sure that they check out the rinse and repeat.
The Saturday morning concert?
Yeah, they're gonna love that.
Yeah, it's good stuff.
Thank you to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song, Into Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which is-
Speaking of spanking parties.
Oh, man, just turn that one on, and your next-
What I love is, somebody tweeted,
thanks, NBNBAM, and long winters, the album is great.
John Roderick retreated it.
He was super happy that it was up there.
And he retreated it.
He capitulated.
He did retreat it.
Hey, you know.
Travis had a big spanking last night.
I think that we should stop advising people
to just buy Putting the Days to Bed.
I think you should buy every long winters album.
Oh, yeah.
They're all-
Want to pretend to fall?
They're literally all great.
God damn, it's so good.
We've got a forum.
It's maximumfun.org forward slash something, something, something.
But if you go to maximumfun.org, there's a forums button there.
And we're there.
We talk with people.
Talk about the episode.
Talk about what you liked, what you didn't like.
Feedback, you know.
Real dialogue.
And of course, you can do that on Twitter, too.
Just use the NBNBAM hashtag when you talk about something related to the show,
be it a quote or something like that.
Not only the best place to ask us questions for the show,
for that, you want to go with NBNBAM at maximumfun.org.
But we're happy to answer them there.
And yeah.
Thank you, everybody.
Thanks, everybody.
I love you.
Griffin is going to give us one more question,
something to sort of think about over the oncoming week.
So Griffin, take it away.
This one was sent in by Greg Jaxes.
Thanks, Greg.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, LordHaveMercy, who asks,
Why would a six-foot-three man who looks like Jay-Z
be a lot more depressed than a five-foot-six guy who looks like Jay-Z?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
This is my dad.
This is what we wear on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, ay.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, man.
These girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
