The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother, and me to the advice show for the modern era.
We are celebrating this Labor Day by marking our official entry into the podcasting union,
and I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. And I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. We built this city!
That's the theme song. If you remember Griffin,
you had to change your name legally to get into the podcast union because there was already a
Griffin McElroy. I'm Hollywood Griffin McElroy. It's a fucking crazy thing they make you do.
They make you append to your name. And the podcasting union, I'm sure you're
all familiar with some of the bylaws, but we're still going over them here. What are they?
Well, I mean, I already touched on the one where you have to sing like a bar from
from We Built This City on rock and roll, because it's sort of like,
you know, like a togetherness thing. Like we all the podcasters together,
we built the city of audio of audio broadcasting on online.
Also, there's mandatory bathroom breaks every 10 minutes in the recording,
whether you need to or not. Yeah.
And you have to force something out. Someone accompanies you to the bathroom.
I've got these like horrible gorilla grip marks on my I don't want to get blue,
but on the shaft of my penis that it comes from like trying to wring it out like
some sort of Mandarin orange. It's like trying to milk a thirsty cow.
Why would the cow do it?
I don't think the cow has to be thirsty. No, that's actually a podcast regulation
that you have to make a weird metaphor about once a show.
Well, we're already fucking set on that front. I don't think we need to do anything extra to
say you did talk about like gorilla on your penis or something.
So like talking about like we have to squeeze our dicks and sing copyrighted songs on our
podcast now, like we're not really getting anything out of this fucking union that we
just joined. I should have spoken up before we signed up like you guys were all about it.
And I should have voiced these reservations before I squeezed my dick off.
It has been much worse since Marc Maron became the president.
He has instituted a lot of the more pressing, I think, inconvenient rules to the union.
Guy's a big dick squeezer. I had no idea from way back.
The main purpose of the podcast union is not for the here and now, it's for the future.
And the agreement is basically when the revolution comes and the sheer just
just utter uselessness of each of our skill sets becomes revealed to the light of day,
we promise not to turn on each other.
Right. That's important. And it's also like an exclusivity thing because one of these fucking
days everyone listening to this podcast is going to realize that we're just three dickheads that
bought microphones and that this is the easiest thing to do in the universe. And we're going to
get we're going to get replaced. And this exclusivity is going to be the only thing.
They're going to do it. They're going to do it better and they're going to do it cheaper.
But, you know, they're not going to do it legally scabs.
Right. Can't have machines doing podcasting with these laws.
Not, you know, you know, Jordan Morris is a scab.
Yeah. And a machine and a machine.
He's a machine bar and squeezes his dick. Like, get out of here, Tandy.
Get out of your Tandy 200.
While we're trying to sort some of these the nuances of these laws out
and how we can exploit them, let's answer some questions just to kill time till the
next bathroom break. And then we'll we'll we'll repeat. Ever since I was little,
my parents have maintained a multi. I just want to mark this occasion.
I think that was the least funny intro.
Sixty five episodes, not a single goddamn solid joke in the entire.
What you don't know is that we have to reset every hundred and sixty six episodes
because we were getting too funny at the beginning and expectations were getting too high.
And next week and we can really phone it in. Not a single well composed gag in the entire one.
We really it was really I just wanted to mark the occasion.
Ever since I was little, my parents have maintained a multi pet household.
Almost all the animals live long, healthy lives. The only animals my parents apparently
aren't adept at caring for are parakeets, since these tend to pass away relatively early
within a few years. If that the problem is, my parents keep getting parakeets.
Brothers, how do I politely inform my parents that they should stop trying to care
for these tiny birds and instead focus their attention on animals they can actually care for?
Is there a graceful way to go about doing this? Sincerely, Flummoxed in Philly.
So the problem is your your parents are bird murderers.
They're bird-murderers.
I don't think there's a graceful way to handle it,
but there are like a hundred really super forceful ways to do it.
Yeah, I think number one is liberate them every time they buy them.
Let me throw this out. What about like an Oscar-style video of all the parakeets that they've lost
in that previous season? It's just like a video of all the parakeets with
really sad music underneath and then like captions of their name and like 2005 to 2006.
Maybe you lack the, you know, the iMovie skills to throw something like that together.
Maybe you just pile up all the bird corpses on the table
and say look and then you you say this is more than all the other pets that you've had combined.
Why did this is your 215th bird like clearly didn't work out the other 214 times.
Are your parents cats?
Key information that should have been included.
If they don't care, if they don't take the parakeets from the pet store,
they'll just get eaten there. I mean somebody will eat them.
You gotta look at, you gotta have a talk with your parents about the relative bone density
of these pets that they're buying because you get a dog, you get a mastiff,
that's a fucking sturdy animal. You can't, it is very hard.
Good luck killing that.
Good luck crushing that mastiff, you can't do it.
A parakeet, a fucking a stiff wind, you turn the ceiling fan on high
and it's it is compressed into the loam.
Are both your parents Lenny from Vice and Men?
We should have clarified that before.
We should just define what your parents are. Are they regular human beings?
Apparently not because regular human beings can take care of like birds.
You just give them seeds and then they're pretty much good to go.
They need heartier stock birds. Maybe give them some like crows.
Yeah, but then they definitely can't get fucking don't.
You can't have parakeets and crows because crows will just eat the parakeets.
Unless it's like one of those adorable videos where like,
you know, a dog becomes friends with a deer or something.
Yeah, crows are generally known for that kind of cross-species friendship behavior.
You know, people never talk about the look at these adorable friends videos that they,
the inception of every single one of those has to be an act of almost unimaginable neglect.
How did you let the gorilla get close enough to the kitten that they became best friends?
How did you mess up so bad?
There's a dog in that tiger cage, you guys. Is no one else seeing this?
You know, it's better taking care of that tiger or that dog.
A trained animal professional, I bet.
I bet that dog is not like giving it its shots and shit.
I'm just saying I'm a way better friend to tigers and dogs
than either of those species could ever possibly be.
Not some weird animal matchmaker.
It's like, let's see if these hate each other.
Oh, well, another failed experiment.
Sorry, YouTube.
Not gonna make my YouTube partner money check this this month
because I couldn't find a good pairing.
Is that what's going on?
You're trying to get your parents are trying to YouTube matchmake.
They're putting parakeets together with every...
There's not an animal that won't just instinctively fucking kill a parakeet.
There's got to be an animal.
Dorsey, we've tried them all.
Iguana and parakeet, no.
Damn it.
Gorilla and parakeet, no.
They are the Cheetos of the aviary world.
You just...
It was good.
I'll have 15 more.
It's got to be grim for them because they're looking down towards the end of the alphabet.
The only things they're seeing are Wolverine and zebra
and they don't feel great about their chances.
Even a zebra.
It's like, my stripes are weird.
Do you think that when her parents roll up
or his parents roll up to the pet store,
like the other parakeets see him like, oh, shit, they're back.
Oh, fuck.
Here we go.
Oh, no.
It's like the third time this month.
Little girl in Finding Nemo like, I will have six parakeets.
Like, nope.
Nope, you won't.
No, no, no.
I definitely sold you parakeets on Tuesday.
So are you a magician?
Are you a shitty wizard?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Are you transforming them into humans to live out human lives?
Probably not.
Matchmaking, huh?
We're all part of that game.
We got a ring in the back room.
It's kind of like an animal fighting ring, except it's not supposed to be.
It's supposed to be an animal hugging ring.
Do you ever see that movie Fight Club?
Yeah.
What do you think about it?
It really made me think.
Also, we have an animal fight club.
Also, you've been a parakeet the entire time.
Are your parents parakeets?
Wait a minute.
That doesn't make sense.
Of all of nature's creatures, you'd think parakeets would be a depth of care.
Although not in the human world.
They don't have access to some of the twigs or berries that they would have in a parakeet
native environment.
I would say that, Justin, the problem is that you're assuming that her parents started off
as parakeets.
I was inferring that they had once been human and were now parakeets.
And we're looking for the parakeet wizard that had turned them into parakeets for
mistreating them.
I clearly should have inferred that dumb shitty thing that you were thinking.
I don't know why I was thinking like a grown man.
Read a damn book.
What book has that plot?
James Bond novels?
I guess.
I don't think so.
I've read them all.
I think you're illiterate.
I've read them all and they're all about parakeet wizards.
Griffin, can you read us a Yahoo answer?
Yeah, I'll read you a few if you want.
Or we can just do one at a time like we usually do.
Okay, this Yahoo was sent in by David Byrne.
Assumedly not the David Byrne, but this one is still pretty good, I think.
Thanks, David.
It's by Yahoo interviewer Sage, who asks,
Why am I so hungry?
Am I not growing?
Male.
Okay, wait.
M-A-L-E?
M-A-I-L?
M-A-L-E.
They're just giving us a little bit of extra info up in the headline.
Which, frankly, your gender does inform a lot of things.
Not in a sexist way, but it's helpful information when we provide you information.
Flomex in Philly couldn't even specify the species of his parent in these questions.
That's what I'm saying.
I would prefer if in the future, whenever you do provide a question, it's just like,
My parents are parakeets.
Female.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, Sage asks,
Okay, I had a decent lunch today at school and it did fill me up.
I come home and I'm really hungry.
I ate two PBJ sandwiches and almost a whole big bag of Doritos.
Holy three minutes later, I'm still hungry.
So I eat vegetables and some rice after and I'm still a little hungry, but not starving.
Why?
I'm not so hungry like this.
Only one night I was starving and after dinner, two hours later, I'm so hungry I can eat horse.
I am five foot five and almost five foot six and think I'm 14 years old.
Whoa.
Five foot six, I think, and I'm 14 years old and six months old.
And half Caucasian and Filipino.
My dad is five and nine.
Okay, wait, I cracked it.
I, my dad is five, nine grand on his side.
Oh God, this fucking question.
Five, nine and mom's side is short.
Frown face.
All caps.
I did experience growing pains in both of my legs two weeks ago from today.
And sadly no growing that night.
Frown.
Only when I was 11, I had them and I grew two inches.
Please.
How tall will I be?
Is it possible to grow like one inch in three to four months?
So that's three inches in a year?
When am I going to go through my adolescence growth spurt?
Help.
Wait a minute.
This guy just decided halfway through this question that he didn't like his old question
and he was going to ask a new question and hope none of us noticed.
He took a hard right.
Yeah, he's trying for a twofer.
I ate some burritos and they did not fill me up.
So I switched to veggies and rice and that got me pretty close.
What the fuck?
Also, what's up with my dick hair?
When am I getting that stuff?
Help.
Help.
Mail.
Mail.
When he says he experienced growing pains but didn't actually grow.
Did he just mean his legs hurt?
Yeah, I think did someone maybe punch you in both of the legs over like a bully?
Are you being bullied?
Maybe you ate too many goddamn Doritos and you got diabetes.
Sage mail.
Do you have arterial blockage in your legs because of all the Doritos?
There's got to be a problem when you say you are not hungry.
You're like not getting full.
Cool, but then he clearly said that he ate almost a whole bag of Doritos.
So that's really some pretty impressive self-restraint.
But he doesn't say what size bag.
I don't care the size of the bag.
It could be a snack pack.
It could be like a lunch snack pack bag.
Okay, but when he did know what you're not understanding.
He didn't finish the bag and yet he was still hungry.
So why this solution?
There's an easy solution.
Well, maybe he knew his fucking if I had a roommate.
A full first of all, if I had a 14 year old 14.5 year old roommate.
I would be probably arrested.
But second of all, if he finished the whole bag of Doritos that I bought.
I would be fucking furious.
He probably knew that his moms would come home.
And if there was no Doritos bag, she would be pissed off.
She's probably still pretty upset that most of the bag is gone.
But at least there's a little bit of crumbles left over for.
I'm actually impressed with the level of thought process that went through this kid's head.
Because usually we get some real boners.
But this kid at least sat there and said, why had two PBJ sandwiches?
And I'm almost done with this bag of Doritos.
Maybe I should switch to like vegetables.
Maybe like something that won't, you know, give me diabetes will help.
Yeah, that's pretty clever for a Yahoo answers.
And even also the bar is real low.
The bar is so low.
I like the idea of eating food and there being an instantaneous mechanical response within your
body beyond just like boy in this blob.
I like, yeah, like if this kid ate a licorice jelly bean and turned into a ladder,
what are you talking about?
Kind of like that, I guess, a little mechanical response.
It's everything that you called for.
I want I want I like the idea of like, you know, you're growing.
So you eat like 15 sandwiches and you go to bed and there's a full blown big miracle.
And you wake up the next morning and Tom Hanks and you are like,
I got to write down what I ate.
And then you post on the Internet.
If you want to turn into Tom Hanks is all it takes is 15 sandwiches.
It's got that was actually my favorite episode of man versus food.
I ate 15 pizzas and I turned into a ladder.
What the fuck happened?
This round goes to man.
Does it does this next episode on ladder versus food?
Just stack all the French fries on my rungs.
Here, we got a T-shirt for you for completing this challenge in Europe.
Is it extra ladder?
Can you stretch it?
Can you stretch it over my rung to girth?
Producers, we just got to play this one by ear.
I guess I guess have a pretty lady climb on top of me and just pour all the milkshakes down me.
And we'll see what happens.
Maybe I'll transform into like a I don't know, a horse or something.
And then we can just sort of that's moving, I think, in the right direction.
Maybe the next leap will finally be the leap that takes me home.
I would I would celebrate all the pizzas.
Why haven't I left it to a horse?
Organic entity that could consume would be great for getting a noose.
Another season.
I don't think I'm going to get the season two as a ladder.
How about another question?
My wife and I were listening to Islands in the Stream by country legends,
Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton.
It's a fantastic song, but we're really bothered by the line.
I set out to get you with a fine tooth comb.
Help us think of some better lyrics that don't sound like someone has lice.
And that's from Lyrically Challenged Ladies of DC.
There are I don't know this song.
There are you first of all, you are.
Yes, you do.
Second of all, there are children dying in the streets.
There are children.
I could open my window right now and see two or three children just dying.
And this is how you want us to spend.
This is how you want to drain this think tank.
I got a pretty good lyric for you.
Lyrically Challenged Ladies of DC.
You want to hear my lyric?
Syria.
Think about it.
think about it see I don't know Justin I think it doesn't rhyme I don't think it
rhymes also it's you're not allowed to just I can install like 14 syllables
into one word Travis you do know this okay Travis have you heard the song
ghetto superstar yes okay have you ever heard Kenny Rogers sing a song like and
you were confused like I didn't know that Kenny Rogers covered this one
interesting I said up to get you with what could that possibly look at that I
mean I guess I don't even know what they're maybe they really had that they
really had to sort through the riffraff really had to sort through the
Hammond anchors yeah or maybe they one person one of them died in a car accident
when they went over a cliff and the other one dragged the lake for them and
that's how they found them and then they were brought back to life like in
Corpse Bride or maybe it was like the person shrunk down and was trapped in
Rick Moranis his hair yeah and they were trying to like comb through Rick
Moranis his hair but they had to use really fine tooth combs yet very what's
that smell Rick Rick pal we need to talk about your habits I'm saying Rick
Moranis probably has a stinky ass scalp if you if that's if you want to dissect
that goof and I don't I I'm saying to a diet rich in poutine has probably
engraved his scalp with with a substance that's not good to be you know close to
I've never been close to the man but that's just a theory from an olfactory
personal factory nose-bound perspective I think the problem with islands in the
stream is that if you're writing a song in 2013 and this is what it lacks this
is why it's not timely you have to have product placement that and and that's
the only way you're gonna be able to pay for Rick Rubin to come in and help you
build your sort of rough sketch of an album into the you know a chart topper
so maybe something like you should try x-body spray grizzly scent like that's
gonna be that that's gonna be I totally dig this idea but it's gonna be hard to
replace every word so like so like maybe we can be like I set out to Pringles
with an Xbox one and then you guys are better at this than me cuz all I could
come up with was I said how to get you with a fine-toothed flome and I don't
even think I don't think it's a product that you can buy I mean sure you can
probably buy it on like some weird alternative eBay but you know I read in
Malcolm Gladwell's the tipping point that that kind of thing is all it takes
to really launch a product back into the American consciousness what what product
has fallen out of favors like flow I sell that to get you with you you who
that's quick strawberry flavor now we're talking okay but now we're not talking
about like profiting in the commercial since now we're pushing our own social
agendas like if it was me it would be more of it was like I set out to get
you with some Frank and Barry okay that's that you want it that is the one
product you want to defibrillate if now if you want to push social agendas in
the song I'm into that too you get I set out to get you with my gay marriage
license that I can get in any state now come on and then the harmony sounds like
a Macklemore song now the harmony could be just to Kenny Rogers's he could just
harmonize with himself and that would be very beautiful I'm into that yeah I'm
really into can we do both okay where it's like appeal Doma and eat some
tastations now you could be more subversive me and Frank and Barry headed
to the chapel this is good this is good cuz I'm gonna marry Frank and Barry who
I'm assuming has male parts down there I don't think you can gender Frank and
Barry when I think about Frank and Barry's genitals and God do I his Frank
and Barry that's like 90 minutes out of every day for me don't even try to call
Griffin from 1245 to 115 once or is it spread out throughout the day I mean I
once I get in the flow once I once I get my noodle going but in both senses of
the phrase I whittled that down too because you have you used to have to
spend six hours a day thinking about Frank various genitals just to consent
like get yourself in the headspace yeah which was tough I wasn't not getting a
lot of sleep back then anyway it's a just fleshy patch just fleshy blank
patch and that's what gets you going you know people never talk about that part
of the creation of Frankenstein's monster because there had to be a night
when someone looked at Victor Frankenstein and he just came back with
a giant bag of dicks I'm going to find the one that fits him perfectly like why
you're really agonized you just grab you grab the set of hands at random they're
both laughs you put like days of R&D into this I like to think that Igor was
actually like super like self homophobic and so he just like went out and like
ah I guess just ah you just like took the first one he saw and like put it in
the back me an abnormal dick Frankenstein was like what the fuck I
just can you just do it like no one's ever gonna no one's gonna want to fuck
this creep can you just take it I will listen I'll do anything else but pick
any part I will go harvest it but come on it's a dead dick doc just use this
one just use this one you know the dicks the first part to go to and the
decomposition rigor mortis will get you to 24 hours that's it that ship done
sailed yeah that's cuz bugs are nasty bugs you nasty so nasty all of them
anyway oh man I grossed myself out let's do a Yahoo hit me also I just want to
say right now before we get the emails I know they talk about Frankenstein's dick
in young Frankenstein you guys you don't have to tell us about it so I've never
seen it that's why I don't watch movies or TV oh you don't spoil the goofs I
well yeah I just want everybody to know that everything comes from my heart this
this Yahoo was sent in by Nicole Harris thank you Nicole it's by Yahoo answers
user Riker who asks werewolf question werewolves only my friend says that I
might have been born a werewolf I've always thought of myself to have an
inner wolf I'm just starting to physically shift but I have no memory of
when I shift and how to control it someone please help werewolves only this
question would be way better if they said werewolves only who was that guy
that played mr. Feeney on boys werewolves only looking for a werewolf
perspective please wasn't the same guy in 1776 hey get the fuck out of here
regular old human you me you know the I could help this guy but because he's
being so fucking specious I'm not even going to I mean I can't help him I can
weigh in cuz I my so my grandfather was a quarter werewolf so that makes me 116
you and fucking Megan Fox man killing me if for me and again my cycle only comes
once every 16 full moons my where are you predict it is it is tricky if you
wear it really tight-fitting clothing sometimes it'll just cancel it out also
for some reason a cloud in front of the moon so if you get like a haze machine
recovered yeah so Griffin found the one reminder that Siri refuses to create for
him Siri in 16 months remind me I'm gonna change into a werewolf I'm not
going to do now that's I'm not gonna waste time I'm not gonna waste your time
or mine how does this person know that they're going through the change if they
can't remember the change does it is like they wake up and they're like I
think I was a werewolf well that no they were probably they were watching
America's Next Top Model 2.0 boys in the house and fucking like they start
watching it and they get to like the beginning of the first challenge and
then all of a sudden fucking Tyree just kick someone off and they're like what
the fuck there was like 45 minutes there well I don't know what happened and then
they look around and all their pets are dead that part was actually her keys
that would probably be the first I don't even think a werewolf will waste his
fucking time in a parakeet but that would probably be the more telling
evidence I gotta know what happened in the fucking photo in the fucking photo
shoot also my dog is dead my dog has been eviscerated all right I think the
most important thing from this show that so far is that I learned that the new
cycle of America's Next Top Model started which I was not aware yeah
started fucking Justin 2.0 they changed the goddamn game boys in the house so
they're boys in the house there are girls in the house too but there's also
boys in the house and let's just say things get a little sexy did you sorry
did you hear that I put a little too much smoke in that I've missed a month
that was a little smoky yeah I can describe everything that's happened in
every season so we're in every episode first episode first episode they line
them all up at the top of staircase and they say guys go pick a girl from the
other side walk down the staircase do a pose and that's how they introduce all
the guys and girls to each other this one super fucking fresh dude walks to
the stairs looks at the women shakes his head no this will not do turns around to
the dudes picks a dude walks down the stairs kisses him on the mouth turns to
everyone like what's up fucking crowd like just burns the fucking building
down around them just like starts tearing downstairs like the dopest thing
I've ever seen fuck it's the fucking dopest moment in reality show history
the other dude the other dude was like straight as an arrow like I don't even
fucking care that was the freshest and dopest thing I'll ever be a part of it
is required watching also they've changed the theme song so it does the
wannabe on top a guy's voice comes in and goes boys in the house and it's my
favorite it's it beats out growing pains it beats out full house it beats out
family matters for greatest theme song for greatest TV song I have a wonderful
transition into the money
so I'm really from the discovery that I am late on America's next top model but
I am not panicking and do you know why why because America's next top model is
on Hulu plus don't even worry about it you can watch guys vs. girls America's
next top model the new cycle is here 2.0 changed the fucking game and you can see
the game being changed in front of you if you're a member of Hulu plus you can
binge watch all your shows that you've missed play catch up play Kesha there's
probably some cash on there in some form and and you can you can do that all with
with who plus it's amazing there are four episodes of America's next up model
2.0 boys in the house the game has changed on Hulu right now you can go
and you can just fucking binge watch all of those you can also do that with SNL
community modern family if family guy shows with family in them and and a
bunch of other shows and I fully encourage that you do that at least with
a and TM 2.0 boys in the house boys in the house male it's only $7.99 a month
for all the shows all the movies you can watch it seriously fucking get it like
people ask us we said last week like we don't know why they're advertising
because we thought everybody had it because the three of us had it and people
like are you just shilling like no hand to God like no it is it's it is my total
jam and here's the thing if you don't have it right now if you go to Hulu
plus comm forward slash my brother you can get an extended free trial check out
how awesome it is and then just continue to use it for $7.99 a month but I think
we're talking to like two people at this point that don't have it so you two
people hey you two people yeah do it two weeks is more than enough time to
fucking experience boys in the house you got at least watch I pilot guys goddamn
I also want YouTube people to maybe hook up you've been dancing around for a
long time mm-hmm we've seen it and we know you've seen it and maybe it's time
to hook up and watch Hulu plus but on separate accounts maybe you're afraid
that you're not gonna know what to do with each other when you do hook up well
we've got an activity booklet for you it's called you worry about it it's
called extreme restraints calm whoa extremely strange calm tell me more I
mean you usually do the extreme restraints but like let me just off the
top of my head dildos dildos what does that work what's a dildo ointments it is
it's tricky describe it like you were describing it to your youngest child
okay like maybe they heard the word at school and they said daddy what is the
deal though do you know how son Jimbo I don't know what my son's name is you
know how you get super happy when you come into school in the morning you
catch the early bus and you get there and they still have super donuts and the
super donuts are real warm and it's a cold day and you get excited to eat the
warm super donuts yes and you know how that makes you like happy mm-hmm I want
you to imagine that happy I want you to think about when you fuck that warm super
donut uh-huh the way that that feels now let me
can I start over if you're looking to start over sexually because you're your
love life has fallen falling falling a bit stale you go to shrimp change calm
use the coupon code sexabunga you're gonna save 20% on the most just ribald
device okay but how about this son Jimbo when you know the pencils that you use
for school to write and take tests and draw in art class imagine one of those
that was like super thick and then people put those like people put those
in in them and it feels it feels you mean like digs where did you where did
you learn that word I heard it just throw a playground I don't like where
this is going neither but I do like where you're going if
where you're going is extremely calm use the coupon code sexabunga and you're
gonna save 20% off of your order hi this is Dave Hill from Dave Hills
podcasting incident on the maximum fun network I'm here with my lovely and
talented secretary miss Shana Feinberg Shana I understand you've been doing a
bit of research to find out what listeners think of the show yes I have
Dave and what have you found well people that love it say they love it cuz it's
just Dave hanging out with someone in his apartment awesome what what do
people that hate it say they hate it because it's just Dave hanging out with
someone in his apartment oh listen to Dave Hills podcast incident on the
maximum fun was that too much no I think it was perfect
I thought you were building to a drop wisdom boys versus girls versus cows
cows in the house I just don't think Monica has what it takes that is a
fucking seat though that cow just tooched fucking 1.2 tons of booty I have
never seen anything like it the game has changed her udders found the fucking
light farm was to see those two cows kissing it was insane farm wisdom is
our regular segment where we bring you real applicable wisdom straight from
farmers and the people that love them or know them here's one from see Dan can I
read can I read it can I read it can I read it I thought you didn't have this
in front of you I pulled it up now okay yes Travis go ahead from see Daniels
when some farmers have a branding they not the calves okay sometimes they they
will save the testicles and eat them after I've seen this firsthand they
treat them like it's Halloween candy or something that's not like to imagine
they do it right in the cab space that is not like not only does that suck it
sucks that there's someone out there that calls removing the testicles of a
living thing nut they nut they nutted that calf did they cook that do they
cook is there any preparation because this guy just makes it sound like shink
and then pop like a couple rolos or something no it's like no it's like that
scene in Game of Thrones where the Khaleesi eats the horse's heart it's
very similar back in June I heard a bit of farm wisdom from my dear friend Rita
Mangoli who creates the fantastic comic series today in three panels in fact she
memorialized said wisdom in comic form I've attached it here for you the the
wisdom and we're enjoying this delightful comic I guess you guys can't
see it but we'll put it where Griffin where we put it a flicker we'll put it
on the forums or we'll tweet it one of those two at MB and BAM by ways us
here's the wisdom you can grow a plant that has potatoes as its roots and
tomatoes as its fruits that's bullshit that feels to me like something that's
not true that's like the part of that feels to me like an abomination against
God I think it's the plot of the Tamako episode of the Simpsons I can't believe
that this food exists and that this plant fucking exists and that it's not
like the only thing that farmers are planting to double to double their you
know their gains do you think sometimes the plants get it backwards and they
just grow potatoes of their fruits and they get like a bunch of dirty smushed
tomatoes under the ground like yeah you fucking like they cut into their
potatoes and it's just full of like tomato guts or they find like a whole
chicken inside you're like oh god my farm is my farm is starting to
desynchronize so that's an amazing fact if true which is almost certainly not
true thank you for the farm wisdom if you want to send us from wisdom or
literally anything else in B and B a.m. at maximum fun if you could combine
address combine two plants what would be and I know you're asking Griffin you're
asking this question because you obviously have an answer and the answer
is yes I do weed and oranges because then you get that juicy orange and
that's gonna taste tremendous it's gonna taste a little balmy like it's gonna get
a little a little bit of residue on it but otherwise it's a perfectly fine
orange that's it that's perfect for me because the Floridian stoners it
attracts will eat the mosquitoes so it's really great for your garden too yeah
okay bros you've settled the peeing in the shower question but what's your
stance on brushing your teeth in the shower no one does it next question
that's the easy one we don't have to solve it cuz nobody fucking does it in
the universe people do it I'm married to someone who has done it oh god like I'm
a dare I guess in a hurry it bothers me enough to brush my teeth in the kitchen
sink yeah that's because so out of goddamn place that's where you dump your
fucking french fry oil Travis I know but it feels wrong but like if someone is
using my bathroom like I need to brush my teeth and I want to schedule by the
way don't it's like I should mention don't dump your french fry oil down the
sink you're supposed to like take it to Best Buy or something in the front
there's laptop battery cell phone batteries French French fry I have a
rule I I would never brush my teeth in the shower because that's where I pee
that's disgusting yeah ah I'm not gonna brush my teeth where I pee I'll see you
might spit like toothpaste on your balls like what are you talking about you're
gonna spit down and the water pressure is gonna push your spit back in your
body and then you're gonna have toothpaste balls and you're gonna know
that you did that you did that and here's the thing you drop your toothbrush
in the sink accidentally oh that's fine you just pick it back up you keep going
you drop your toothbrush in the shower you gotta get a new toothbrush it's a
game changer you think that changes the game what I don't understand the game
because suddenly your toothbrush is touched like the drain where all your
hair goes and like all the water of your filthy life it is the most dangerous game
that it's more dangerous than hunting men on a shipwreck aisle it is a game
where if the drop of a single toothbrush is can mean total and complete calamity
you gotta drive to target after that shit and it's labor if you're into that
maybe you like the thrill of the threat yeah maybe you get your hands super
super soapy and then what are you doing Jimbo you're on the
edge step back man you're wearing a blindfold what are you doing your balls
are covered in toothpaste you're not even in the shower just standing in the
living room this has gone too far Jeff bridges and fearless gotta raid again you
guys want to Yahoo answer yeah sure yeah that's not weird for some reason oh it's
it's a weird bad for the first time I thought he was actually asking me a
question it's it's it's a weird name for a website right it's so presumptive it's
called Yahoo answers not Yahoo questions even though I imagine that most of these
issues go completely unresolved like I'm a how do I turn into an octopus like no
one's gonna be able to give you any like satisfying answer to that no the
government holds that kind of shit pretty close to the vest they should
call it they should call it Yahoo mysteries could you give us another Yahoo
mystery please this Yahoo this Yahoo mystery which is the side series to the
to the bill Yahoo show Yahoo Knights Yahoo Knights this Yahoo night mystery was
sent in by Kurt girdle thanks Kurt it's by Yahoo answers user Haley wood who
asks ideas for a Metal Gear Solid themed wedding last time I said I was just
having a video game themed wedding but me and my fiance decided to go full-out
Metal Gear Solid because we both love it and it actually brought us closer
together but here's the sitch we need help with ideas and stuff invitations
decorations the cake colors all that crap what should we do I know the game
revolves around military stuff but we're not planning a military wedding we need
more than that what budget should we set for please any ideas will be appreciated
just be nice please thanks again this person fucking knows what's about to
come down on them step one cardboard box to walk down the aisle I think that's
pretty I think they probably figured that one out themselves okay can you
imagine can you imagine no fuck that a little your little ring bear you put
your little ring bear in a box as he walks down the aisle and throws rings
well if it's Metal Gear Solid he'll have to throw like a hundred flying roses
that are sparkling yeah throw those at the holes in the cardboard box he drops
a chaff grenade and your dad who's filming is like hey dude we gotta wait
like fucking 15 minutes for all this goddamn chaff to wear off reset the
wedding please reset the Metal Gear wedding start again try oh so he's taking
like a non-lethal approach to his wedding basically if he doesn't want a
bunch of guns he wants like the the the more emotional side of Metal Gear yeah
Travis have you yourself played a Metal Gear game I've played of it I've been
around others whilst they played can you imagine can you imagine how surprised
your bride is gonna be when the doors opens and it turns out she's marrying
Raiden that's gonna be such a switch I think only the only thing I have in the
chamber for this is a joke about like on the first night of the honeymoon giving
her the old solid snake well that's just like the name of the guy in the thing
but I know but his leg also like a penis that's pretty that's pretty general
try it'd be like if we said they were doing a Jurassic Park theme wedding and
you're like what if it was a dinosaur but my joke was like his penis is like a
solid snake well then okay well what if after they had sex 30 times he'd look
down at his penis and said boy my dinosaur that's solid goof what is this
series known for I think we can I think the I think we gotta get the ceremony to
last like 12 hours I think it's gonna include a few super esoteric
geopolitical messages about you know the nuclear proliferation I think I believe
there are also things about like long-lost brothers that's a given well
genetic cloning I think that there's probably a few fun ways if you could get
like twins is your flower girls and then Mario shows up well travel okay well
hold on now you're doing a Smash Brothers theme holy fucking shit it's
crash bandicoot knees objective is it too late to crash when kids never been
especially is it too late to alter the theme the super super special no to I
mean like to a normal wedding is it too late it's are you so invested in this
you can't jump out now someone's fucking neck is gonna get broken and it's gonna
be immersive I guess it's also gonna be pretty felonious and that fans are gonna
be so disappointed when it turns out Kiefer Sutherland is officiating the
wedding do you want to say that sentence out loud again and like hear it hear
yourself saying it no you're right that doesn't make any sense no one's ever
walked out of anything going ah fuck turned out it was just keepers that was
just Kiefer Sutherland except for I guess that hotel manager it was cut
super drunk and ran and tackled the Christmas tree YouTube it fucking the
best the best the best thing second only to the male model picking the guy up off
the stairs on the NTN the order is male model picks the other male model number
one obviously everyone burned the building down people died because of
that amazing moment number two but they understood why Kiefer Sutherland being
interviewed on camera and the guy was like what's the secret Kiefer he's like
you just gonna enjoy life run tackle tree falls Christmas over Christmas
ruined if you if the camera panned like 30 degrees to the right you would see
like that male model as a child I'm gonna fucking I'm gonna beat this beat
this moment you have raised the game to an unimaginable level so that's gonna do
it for us we realize it's a little shorter than we normally do but Travis
is right in the middle of a big build he's rebuilding the stage of the
Cincinnati Shakespeare I'm a contractor now he's a legal contractor do you want
to tight do you unplug the show what show you guys doing now we're doing
Oliver twist it opens September 6th didn't even bother calling me on that
one huh well you Griffin we need you to get back in the game has your voice
changed I was out I was out it's a great show we had our first run last night and
it's super good the set I built is beautiful and it's very funny show
really well acting you guys really love it so if you're interested go to
since he shakes calm it's since he with the Y shakes calm we're you know if
you're in Cincinnati just come down to 719 race street check it out now my
brand-new stage Trav I hate to be watch I hate to be a stickler but you owe us a
hundred and fifty dollars now you're right that was our plan all along we
want to say thank you to everybody tweeting about the show and sharing it
with friends using the nbnb am hashtag of course nbnb am wisdom we at nbnb am
wisdom is an account that believe it or not 2,400 people are following right now
that they just tweet weird stuff that we said that I don't believe enough thank
you to sir pickle smart bunny oh the wren waffle man riot bananas aka the
human vacuum my Matthew price Jimmy Megan Sony others tweeting about the
shower really we really appreciate it helps us to grow maybe share with a
friend we haven't asked people to do that in a while but that is like the
best way for us to grow the show maybe you probably have like 200 jump drives
in your drawer just toss some toss your favorite epi's on it make a bim bam
mixtape hand it out to a friend and then they'll listen every so often I'll see
on on Twitter someone saying like hey thanks such-and-such you got me into the
show and now I've listened to like 30 episodes in a row like it makes me so
happy and then thank you guys and then we give them a huge referral bonus it's
massive and generous it's a bit of like a podcast like pyramid scheme mm-hmm
it's pretty yeah but it's just us giving out money to people so it's not like a
pyramid scheme as much as it is just like a hole that we keep throwing money
down yeah we're saving the US economy you're welcome the if you're already
caught up on our show you want to get into something new we got a ton of
options for you on maximum fun org there's just John Hodgman stop
podcasting yourself bullseye Jordan Jesse goes so many wonderful programs
there to enjoy I'd like to also personally recommend saw bones it's a
medical history program that I make with my wife Sydney who's a legitimate doctor
and a lot of you have been kind enough to listen to that so thank you very much
and it's called what now saw bones how much how many how many listeners have
you taken from us for that oh you can only choose one that's the problem no
you can listen all of them it's great well I mean there's only so many hours
in the fucking day like don't talk to me like I'm a little kid okay okay gosh wow
this got antagonistic I'm just saying they have to be going some there's
obviously an exodus I didn't want to talk about this on the air but we're
obviously bleeding we're hemorrhaging let's do dance there's all this this
week I'm gonna thank John Roderick in the long way son of a bitch it's a
departure off the album put in the days to bid you find an iTunes and I'm gonna
do a last Yahoo answers question to think about it's like something about P
that's actually it you got it ten out of ten ten out of ten wouldn't have been
BIM again give us our last Yahoo is sending by Yahoo mr. night this Yahoo
Knights mystery was sinned by Ira Ray are you Ira Ray who wants to know thanks
IRA rates but sinned by is asked by Yahoo answers user Chris R who asks
fucking money Denny Chris R asks what is the least amount of equipment I need to
make dubstep I'm Justin McElroy I'm Travis McElroy Griffin McElroy he's
been my brother my brother made kiss your dad
maximum fun dot-org comedy and culture artist-owned listener supported
