Hey everybody, it's Griffin, and you may know me from the podcast that you're about to listen to.
Listen, this week's episode is what people in the TV industry would call a very special episode.
Maybe an arrow that you would keep in your quiver until Sweeps Week, when it really mattered.
Because here's the thing, it sounds really shitty.
Not all of it, actually, just my audio, which I accidentally recorded with my webcam,
instead of my high quality microphone, so for the next hour, I'm going to sound a little something like this.
Yeah, so it's going to sound something like this.
That's not great, is it? It's so unpleasant that I don't actually even want you to experience it in this sample version,
because you're about to eat an hour of it, and I feel really, genuinely very bad about that.
So let's switch back to good mic.
Ah, there we go. There's the stuff that you're used to.
So yeah, that's this week's episode. I'm really, I'm very sorry.
I try to make this show sound as good as I possibly can, despite the fact that we live in three different states,
and syncing all that up is kind of tricky from time to time, and big fuck-ups like this don't help.
So bear with us, it's not going to be an issue in the future.
I don't like putting out stuff that's not as good as we can do, but that's very much what you're going to have this week.
So if you want to skip this week, like, I totally understand.
We do some bits about Home Alone 2 that I thought were pretty good.
We talk about having sex with Star Wars characters. That was a pretty nice run.
So that's sort of like a CliffsNotes version of it, if you want to pass.
Again, I totally understand. Otherwise, here's the show. Enjoy!
The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother and me. CES 2014 edition. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy, just loving all the tech.
I have a lot of wearable technology on right now. A lot of wearable tech.
It's hot. I was in an H&M yesterday and there was a dude wearing ski goggles in the H&M.
And I think there's probably a little bit of wearable tech in those there goggles.
I have a new cyber implant that I got on the show floor. It's a throat.
I don't know if you guys saw these, a throat computer.
They actually embed it in your throat.
What it does is it turns your mind signals from your mind into speech without having to move your mouth or throat or anything.
Not working super well, just like based on that last sentence.
You know what, the piece that I'm most excited about, because I saw a little clip about it, it's a six slot toaster.
Interesting.
I don't think, Travis, that was actually part of the CES technology.
This January, get into Subway for a $5-
Okay, here's the thing is, no, this is the problem with the throat computer, very expensive, it is subsidized technology.
So occasionally, in the middle of-
Don't miss Will Ferrell and Ackerman, too.
Why does it make you sound like that, though?
Well, it has to be very clear that it's not my natural speech.
That's what it sounds like when Justin is resisting the throat pewter with his own organ muscles.
Yeah, I'm fighting against it as hard as I can.
Can I hack your throat pewter?
I don't think it's Wi-Fi.
I think it's just with like my throat singing time is snack time with popcorn, bread, popcorn.
Popcorn, bread, popcorn.
I'm glad that they're doing it well enough to afford such prime time ad, though, as an episode.
I wish I could shut it off during certain times, like when I'm recording my podcast.
Kids love Lunchables and Lunchables are kids.
Okay, apparently Lunchables are made of children.
I think I might have been hacked.
I do think hacking is possible because that seems to have happened.
Do you want me to, like, do you want me to, like, ram MacAfee like antivirus down your throat?
Yeah, or I could just take a cold and flu medicine.
Or you could just drink something, I think, and the liquid would probably compromise.
You'd have to eat some sand, maybe, and get in the gears.
Yeah, that did.
I just drank some Diet Dr. Pepper and that, okay, that wasn't an ad.
I mean, I did just drink some Diet Dr. Pepper.
It is goddamn delicious, though.
It's really, it tastes just like regular Dr. Pepper.
I don't know what the big hubbub is.
Travis, you're not feeling great?
That is correct.
Did you get any, maybe you caught a computer virus at CES?
Yes, that's exactly what happened.
I caught a electronics-based virus.
I worried for a second that we had lag on the call, but I think it's lag on your brain.
I think your brain is lagging.
Oh, no, I just didn't enjoy your joke.
In my defense and yours, it wasn't so much of a joke.
I think Travis is just put off by all the CES talk because he's something of a Luddite.
I do fear technology and all the things it can do to us.
Oh, like connect those in ways we've never been connected before, like fix diseases
and 3D print flesh for burn victims.
Yeah, and eventually we become too reliant upon it.
Please, just no more flesh.
Fleshbot, I'm not interested anymore, how about some more flesh?
I'm good.
I definitely have plenty of flesh.
What about when the kids, they're on their cell phones and they're not connected with
nobody?
That's a good point.
What about that, Griffin?
We're creating a communications ghetto with our phones.
The people always, they're taking the Instagrams and they're not just enjoying the moment.
Back in my day, you just enjoyed the moment, maybe with a Polaroid or some such, and then
you paint it on a wall and now the people, they take it with their phones and they put
it on the interwebs.
Man, you sound horrible.
Just like the quality of my voice or like what I'm saying?
Check, check, check.
Check, check, check.
All of it.
Hey, let's get into the advice, guys.
I'm ready.
Are you ready?
This January, Josh Holloway stars in Special Agent Gabriel Vaughn in Intelligence.
Half super agent, half computer, basically Chuck.
How hard did the throat peter have to research that one to know everything about it?
He knew it off the top.
I think it's just being streamed directly into my throat.
That seems like a weird marketing campaign to like write for your show.
Check out our show.
We basically stole the idea from Chuck.
Chuck, but serious.
Serious Chuck.
We call it Charles.
My wonderful girlfriend of four years is turning 21 in a couple of weeks.
I'm throwing her a surprise birthday party, inviting all our friends and even some friends
from other colleges.
I was worried about people mingling and getting along, though, seeing as many of those people
have never met.
Are there any activities other than drinking legally that I could put on, make sure everyone
has a great time?
That's from Perplex Partier in Pittsburgh.
When was the last time you guys threw a party?
I have get togethers.
Right.
That's not what this person is talking about.
We're talking about a 21st B-Day fucking rager barnstormer.
Yeah, because honestly, what my mind immediately jumped to is I know lots of party games, but
I don't...
Is that what you're looking for?
I think they're looking for some great...
It's hard because you think about the sort of formal atmosphere that we sort of eschewed
from the Victorian era, we sort of let that fall by the wayside, but there certainly is
something to be said for having some sort of codified way of handling interactions
in a place.
You need one.
Every time we want to have people over, there's usually an activity that serves as sort of
the linchpin for the entire thing.
We're going to grill, and then people know that this is where hot, this is where charred
food is going to be served, or we say, we're going to play HeroQuest, and then people know
just not to come.
Not to come.
Because they don't want to do that.
We usually do Cards Against Humanity, or you can also play, I don't know what it's actually
called, but we call it Fishbowl, where you write down...
Put your keys into a...
You put your keys into it, and then everybody sleeps with everybody else.
It's pretty good getting to know you, Exercise.
Yeah, getting to know somebody, and maybe something about yourself.
You could have a herald announce everyone as they come into the party.
That's over pretty quickly, isn't it?
Yeah, but that seems like a pretty good way to get to know each other, when you're like,
oh, that's Lord Steven of Miller.
That's why the ideal to do parties like this is Halloween, because then, even if you don't
know the person, everybody knows Snooki, so you feel comfortable with Snooki.
You want to talk to Snooki.
Always.
God, Justin, your fucking pop culture references are like super, super on point.
They're like super, super up-to-date, hot hip, what's now, what's hip?
Everybody who knows Nicole Richie, what are you even saying anymore?
It's 2004-ward.
I'm done, though.
I'm 33 years old.
I'm out of the game.
I am out.
He knows everything about pop culture that he'll ever know.
Here's the thing about it.
Here's the thing about pop culture, right?
We're making more every day.
Fair?
Correct.
Yeah.
There's new YouTubes.
There's new whatever every day.
There's like three new YouTube videos every day.
How are you supposed to keep up with that?
At some point, you have to say, well, I'm done.
I'm going to work backwards from here.
So at least there's a finite amount of culture for me to intake.
All the good stuff's already done, been made.
I'm out of the game.
I'm done.
Back to this person's question.
The easiest thing to do, and I think the thing that I run into the most when I or my friends
have these sorts of gets-togethers is to base it around the preparation of some sort of
non-everyday food.
Like last night, we went to a friend's house, and he made ribs that he got from the Salt
Lick.
Like, oh, that's exciting.
Ooh.
Or like a friend will do like a shrimp boil.
Like things that you just-
What about fondue?
Fondue?
Sure.
I think that was sort of like the whole idea behind that craze.
Not that anybody- Justin, I got you in Sydney a fondue pot for Christmas like two years
ago.
Have you used that?
Hell yeah, we did.
Put some chocolate in that mother grabber.
Some pretzels.
I'll take you right to town.
I think that's-
You could do a fry.
We used to do fry parties in college where we'd set up a D fat fryer, and then you just
bring shit to fry.
That's kind of-
Safe?
It's super safe, and it's-
And you get super drunk while you're doing it.
I met the cutest guy with the cutest scarring ever at this point.
He was very bubbly.
Not like his personality.
Like his flesh.
He's a keeper.
You guys want Yahoo?
Please.
Guys, you fucking drowned me in Yahoo's today.
I got ready for the show.
I usually take about 20 to 30 minutes to prep.
There was easily an hour and a half worth of Yahoo's, which is why I was late.
Sorry, boys.
Thank you all very, very much.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Ira.
Welcome back, my friend.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, books, where the magic happens.
Done.
That's all I needed.
Thank you.
Books, where the magic happens asks, how often should catch phrases be used?
Just like people in real life, characters often have catch phrases for things uttered
often.
Just like people in real life.
Just like those real people.
The question is, how much is too much?
How many times do you think is just the right amount?
The trick is that it's per hour, but you could use them all up right at the top of the hour
and then have to wait another 55 minutes to get to say, like, them some sweet pants, bro.
You could say that like 10 times.
Is it always pants though?
Oh, it's a good call.
I guess, well, then it comes into, can you vary the article of clothing and count that
as varying the catch phrase?
I don't know why it has to always be clothing.
Sweet sock suspenders, bro.
Pretty sweet merkin, bro.
I don't know why you'd be looking at that on your bro.
Well, maybe he was self-conscious about it.
He didn't know if it was a good merkin or not.
Maybe you're at a merkin party.
Does this look natural?
Does this look natural?
You're like, that's a pretty sweet merkin, bro.
Do you know, first of all, like, I guess we have catch phrases like for the show.
In case your dad's crying on the lips, I guess it's a catchphrase, but we only do that once
per hour, which I guess is not so bad.
No, I guess that's fine.
I mean, it's more of a sign off than a catchphrase.
I mean, Griffin, when you were establishing Oops!
I Eated All the Potato Chips for your series, Little Griffy, yeah, but during the run of
the sitcom, during the sitcom run of Little Griffy, was it Little Griffin?
Yeah, Little Griffy, the issue was the censors were like really hesitant to have a show where
a child ate potato chips, sorry, ate all the potato chips, sorry, eat all the potato chips
multiple times per episode.
Like, it didn't really paint a healthy picture of Little Griffy's dietary habits, and they
were afraid that like kids at home would see that and just like go grab up all the cheetos
that they had on the shelf and just let them introduce themselves.
The names are diabetic because they did all the potato chips four times over.
You can tell if you're watching late series or early Little Griffy because he'll say Oops!
I Eated All of the like quinoa in the house.
Oops!
I Eated a Reasonable Amount of Potato Chips and balanced it out with some fruits and vegetables.
Right.
Jump the shark, actually.
There is not, I don't think, a reasonable amount of potato chips.
I think the last, I do think that catchphrases are sort of a lost art on television.
I mean, like the last great catchphrase I can remember is like, the work of Steve, well,
I would say the work of Steve Urkel.
I think it comes a little after the Farhouse Heydays, but did I do that?
Friends was pretty heavily catchphrased, like how you doing and yeah, there were some good
catchphrases there.
Oh, fucking, how about your mother is like, everything that Neil Patrick Harris says is
like catchphrase.
That's true.
I guess it's still like alive and kicking.
I just don't know people who do that shit in real life because it would make them like.
Think in your lives.
Do you guys actually know anybody that literally has like catchphrases?
Well the thing is, is like there's such a huge difference between having a quote catchphrase
and having certain patterns of speech that you tend to repeat.
You know what I mean?
Like as soon as you identify something like, this is going to be my catchphrase, you're
on like the fast track, the douche down because like you shouldn't actively make the decision.
But if you're a guy who just says like, you know, coolio a lot and that's just a natural
thing that you do.
It's also very situational.
Like I have a circle of friends here in Austin that we bandy about terms like day rage and
crush sesh and things like that.
So we never like, there's not like a thing that anybody says every time they enter a
fucking room because that would be the weirdest.
Yeah.
I think it would be awesome.
Holler if you hear me, Jay's in town.
Yeah.
I've tried to get that one going.
Cha boy!
Every time you're in a room.
Cha boy!
Oh hey.
I think it would be really awesome if like when you turn 12, kind of like in the giver,
everyone was assigned a catchphrase and it came to you with your social security number,
you know, and you, you were legally required to use it every time you entered a room.
Sure.
And then it would be like retired when, when little Griffey dies, then the giver would
receive oops, I eat all the potato chips and then would just like store those memories.
It's a very heavy burden that we have.
You would have to think though that some people's catchphrases would be really pertinent and
be like, holler at me, right?
But then some people would just be like, we have to walk in and be like, I'd like a raise
and it's like, wow, that doesn't work.
Apples!
Yeah.
Man, that's not great.
Well, gentlemen, we've been trying to solve the case of the Ripper for three years now.
We believe we finally have a break in the case.
According to all eyewitnesses, he says later turd burglars every time he leaves the scene
of a crime.
So it should be, you should check with the catchphrase office.
Let's check the index.
Oh, it's Steve Harvey.
It was Steve Harvey this whole fucking time?
Yeah.
Who knew?
I didn't even think he was alive, but that's like his whole thing.
That's how he opens up every episode of Harvey.
What's his show?
Family Feud.
Family Feud was the answer.
He's got a lot of, he's got a lot of catchphrases.
He does.
When I, last time I was in New York, I took a cab to JFK, it took me like an hour from
the hotel and my cab driver listened to Steve Harvey the whole time.
And I listened to it too and I laughed at it and made me feel pretty hip.
Pretty pretty now.
How about another question?
My girlfriend and I are visiting a city neither of us have ever seen before and our question
is this, should we plan out a long list of things to do and see beforehand or is it more
fun to just wing it?
We don't have a ton of travel experience, we already have a place to stay and just about
nothing else.
We're going to be there for six days and the city is Austin if that helps.
Fuck yeah it helps.
It's from Thanks Scouting in, oh sorry, that says Thanks and then it's from Scouting in
San Francisco.
Alright Griffin, before you jump in, before you jump in with Austin suggestions, let's
answer as a general question first.
Alright, go to Barton Springs, it's like this beautiful swimming hole like in the heart
of downtown.
I'm not saying like if there's a Barton Springs in whatever town that you visit, like make
sure that you check that out.
I know that there is one in Austin, so.
By and large, I think that the thing you want to plan and over plan is like getting there,
transit.
Like that's where you're going to, that's where you're going to get boned.
That's where I will get overly analytical and figure out every last detail.
Like figure out how you're getting from you know your house to the airport to your hotel
etc.
After that, I tend to just bring a laptop with me and sort of figure stuff out as I
get there.
It never hurts to have like two or three like don't want to miss things so that you always
have something to fall back on.
So for example, if you're in Austin, you want to go to the Alamo Drafthouse, cool.
Then you know that at least one of the days, the centerpiece of the day is going to be
going to the Alamo Drafthouse because that always kind of lets me relax a little bit
more when I know that something is planned, but I don't feel the need to plan every single
second of the day.
I just, I just, I plan everything.
Like it just, it's more of a, it's a relief to have like a big like checklist of stuff
and like a schedule.
I think that once you do that though, you're setting yourself up for disappointment.
Yeah.
That's the thing.
If you got no, if you have no plans and you can't fail.
Teresa has been helping me with that because I tend to like, I used to over plan stuff
and then it just leads to frustration because if you're like, I'm going to do these eight
things today and then you only get to do like five of them.
You know, you don't want to be stressed about the three you didn't get to do.
You want to be living in the moment of the five you did get to do.
I really, I think another good thing that you can research is find like a general area
that is nice and then go there and, and don't have any specific plans beyond that.
But like when we were, we went to the UK recently, the nicest day we had in Bath was going to
just sort of the center of town and looking around.
And we knew that that was an area we wanted to get to, but beyond that, there really wasn't
a, you know, a lot we had planned.
We sort of let the day unfold as it, as it wanted to.
And that's a lot more relaxing than having a checklist that you got to go through.
I guess it's a good point because like whenever people come here, I tell them to go to South
Congress, which is just like a cool street with like a ton of cool shit to do instead
of saying go to this one specific place.
Because like a lot of cities, especially Austin, like there's some shit that you might have
on your checklist.
Like I'm going to go do Franklin's barbecue and then like, guess what?
You are totally, totally not going to be able to do that because the line is around the
block.
Yeah.
Food, food for me is an important one.
I usually know like two or three places I want to like have dinner or do breakfast or
some someplace that either friends have told me beforehand, like I went to, you know, I
went to Pittsburgh and you got to check out this place, you know what I mean?
And that's usually go find an area with the restaurants and stuff like Justin was saying
and just kind of cruise around the, uh, the other, the only other thing that I would say
in terms of like planning that is really useful is to find out, uh, the, the car situation.
Um, cause there are some areas where like friends to use two recent examples, uh, we
were in bath, we rented a car and as it turns out, if you find a place to put your car in
that city, it lives there forever.
Like you can, don't ever, ever move it because that's where it lives from then on.
They just pour cement over the car and turn it into a statue commemorating the moment
where you found a parking spot.
Right, you'll visit it from time to time, you take your grandkids, and then I just turned
left and then I turned right and there it was.
Fuck, I left my bill of flex CD in there, shit, now it's gone, part of the memorial.
But in Austin, if you don't have a car, I don't think you're going to do much.
You're not going to really get around much.
People bike, but like they just do it so other people see them on their bike.
We get it guys.
We get it guys.
Like it's got only just the two wheels.
Um, can I give Austin suggestions now or do you want me to do that off the top?
You got to get a pizza taco at a, at the place.
There's a food truck downtown where you'll see it.
It has like a giant pizza taco on top of the car.
So you'll see exactly which one to get, um, the Alamo, go to the Alamo.
Definitely.
Uh, there's a, uh, there's a beautiful spring fed pool behind the Alamo.
That's very refreshing to dip in.
Uh, there's the Custer's last stand frozen custard shop, um, that has some of the, I
would say like the fifth best frozen custard in Texas.
That's definite.
We're checking out top 10 at least.
Uh, there's, you can get a 10 gallon hat full of Custer's.
They call it Custer's Custard.
You can buy that there and eat that.
You have to eat it on the spot though.
Cause they got it.
They need that hat back.
So please demand a clean hat a lot of times they're going to tell you that they don't
have any.
You're going to get one with someone else's custard leavings and you don't want that.
You don't want that.
Uh, go to a Longhorn fight.
Is that two Longhorns?
It's uh, eight Longhorns usually.
And one dude.
You have to really plan your trip around that because just because of like the, the rate
of death.
There's, I mean, they burn through seven Longhorns every time that they do it.
And so it's like a Longhorn demolition derby.
They're a tough animal to breed for obvious reasons.
Those horns get in the way of the, of the copulation.
So like you got to, you got to make sure you're planning a trip around that because I think
it's like once or twice a week.
Make sure you meet George W. Bush.
He's just wandering around handing out peppermints to kids.
He runs a cool down tent on a sixth street, uh, Fridays, Fridays and Saturdays, uh, when
it gets pretty tazy.
Hey, you're looking a little beat.
Why don't you come on in, chill out, have some orange juice.
Have some, uh, have some insure.
It's good for you.
Bring you down.
Oh, bro.
You can not rehydrate, bro.
Come on.
These are all really good, George, George W. Bush, or is it, oh, sorry.
It's George H.W.
Bush is the one that runs the cool down tent.
So anyway, those are just a few suggestions for me to use.
I dropped my Pringles.
Oh, fuck.
That wasn't an ad.
Justin dropped it.
All the potato chips.
Uh, they're actually technically potato crisps because they're made from reconstituted potato
granules.
There's a lengthy lawsuit about, I'll walk you through this sometime.
I work in a type of service industry that not many people know about, but it's growing
in popularity.
I work in a rock climbing gym hosting birthdays and private lessons.
The problem is I don't think people know it's customary to tip their belayer, the one who
pulls in the slack of the rope while the climber climbs after pulling the kids up a wall for
about an hour.
My question is, how do you ask for tips without asking for tips?
And that's from Tipus Trainer.
Let me help you out with something, Tipus Trainer.
Allow me to assist you with something.
If most people don't know it's customary to do something, then it's kind of what a custom
is is that you kind of do it because it's the thing to do.
If people don't know that that's the custom, I'm sorry, dog, but like a custom, I don't
know, there's not like a unless I'm mistaken, not like a chart somewhere, some official
laminated chart that says you tip your belayer and yet people have not bothered to go check
out that particular office.
I don't even know what a belayer like I didn't know that word until Justin VAU just like
introduced that shit into my brain like there's no way I would have tipped you.
Not a not a chance.
The only way I tip where I don't know like know for certain that I am supposed to like
obviously there's some of those that are easy, waiters, taxi drivers.
The only time that I don't I do I have to see a bowl you I have to see a bowl or you
have to do the thing that Rob Schneider does in Home Alone 2 where you kind of rub your
fingers together like you're looking for fruit stripe gum.
It's like that's I've got to see one of those two actions.
Maybe what you could do to kind of be cute is once the kid is up just hold him there
and wait because you've got that kid you've got to turn him up to look at the down like
so is that your son?
Yeah.
It's like how much is it worth to you for me to not let him fall yeah or turn the kid
upside down turn the kid upside down and he'll fall out of his pants like he's in a cartoon.
Or maybe just let one kid fall yeah let one kid fall so they know you're serious make
sure he's and then just loudly announce I guess his parents didn't tip.
And then when you're on the run from the wall and you move to another state and you get
a job because the kid and you are in it together oh my god he faked it the kid knows what's
up he's now the kid died the kid sacrificed his life but he was in it with you.
I think he lived and it turned out he was David Blaine.
What?
How did this happen?
How did it happen?
He's amazing.
I'm going to dress I'm going to dress like a white kid named Skyler for the next six
months it'll be the greatest hoax of my life.
We rag we've talked I think at length about Home Alone 2.
You mentioned it and it brought up something something I didn't really realize until my
latest like holiday time viewing of that film which is like I think it is cemented itself
as a holiday classic by this point.
Okay have we talked about this on the show recently?
I don't think so.
We talked about how Tim Curry was so very very upsetting in that film yes but let's
explore that subject just a little bit deeper.
That's the worst hotel basically ever.
Okay why what what is your problem with it?
There's a scene it's entirely managerial are my issues with it and not like the obvious
stuff of like they check let a kid check in it's that once they did that they definitely
invaded that person regardless of his age invaded his privacy to a like felonious extent.
Case in point there's a scene where Tim Curry goes to check on the room and this is after
his suspicions been peaked and he starts you know sort of snooping around and Kevin gets
wise and it's the scene where he sets up the clown in the shower and plays the recording
of his uncle singing but let's like play through Tim Curry's brain thoughts in that scene where
he sneaks in and he's looking for an adult but he doesn't see an adult so at this point
he thinks oh a child is staying in this hotel room and definitely fucking grifting me.
He walks into the bedroom and he hears that the shower is on in the bathroom and Tim Curry's
next like fucking step is to just go right in that bathroom and check out what he fully
fully believes to be a naked a naked kid in the shower right now like it sounds like an
adult voice but there's really only one way to be sure to see if it's not a naked kid
in a shower that's totally grifting me right now and he pops his head in and then he finds
out it's an adult and the adult sees him and that's what makes him run away not that if
he had seen like if what if that scene had played out differently and it was naked Kevin
McAllister in the shower and naked Kevin McAllister was like hey dog hey buddy hey pal and Tim
Curry would have just yelled I knew it hey pal yeah you caught me you're also looking
at like my kid dick right now nice bust so like I know kid dick was also my favorite
procedural cop drama like great work you bust I'm busted I guess you busted me but now like
now you're going to prison for like a long time you're going to prison for checking out
your hotel's fucking gone like once this hit the press what's he gonna do fucking kill
Kevin that's what he has to do because if Kevin talks yeah great hotel manager definitely
checked out my kid dick in the shower trying to catch me grifting like that one's on me
I was grifting I it was not an open invitation for Tim Curry to like scope out my zone yeah
like I love that movie it's a holiday classic can't watch that part anymore it's because
what human being is like I've owned the case it would have been worse you sound more like
the count here is here is my problem with Hobo it too they originally had intended to
shoot the climactic scene in the toy shop that's right they ran out it up as they ran
out ran out funds or FAO shorts wouldn't let him do it and they that's where they originally
were going to shoot the the the climactic scene but instead they didn't so they decided
to do it at an abandoned house on a soundstage which okay is problematic because what it
does is it removes from the burglars the impetus of robbing a place they're not trying to rob
this place they are trying to kill a child right now that's problematic sure but the
other thing that is worrisome about this is in turn this little Dexter just lures these
guys in this house to kill them yeah let me figure this out why doesn't he call 9-1-1
and just say like hey there were some guys scoping out the toy store he has to he has
to kill bad guys by the OPS 9-1-1 check PS 9-1-1 fucking Tim Curry scoped out my little
kid dick and balls got you here well I've got you here this will come as no surprise
to anyone who's seen him do anything but my kid dick I'm just kidding Tim Curry we love
you so much love to have you on the show please get at us I need to make a website to support
all of these home alone 2 conspiracy theories problems accusations have you checked out
geo cities what geo cities they don't exist anymore that's problematic so I'm gonna turn
to Squarespace they support us so we'd like you to support them in turn it's an all-in-one
platform makes fast and easy to create your own professional website or online portfolio
they got new platform with they're improving their platform with new features new designs
and support they have beautiful designs make your website like a snowflake that's just
yours it's unique or yours a square snowflake a square shaped snowflake I don't think everything
on your website has to be square make a page of just snowflake GIFs mm-hmm with that at
just $8 a month and that includes a free domain name if you sign up for a year and they got
support 24-7 so when you start getting you know the thing about web design you're gonna
have some glitches glitchers glitches and you're gonna want to contact them for some help because
you're dumb you don't know what any of it is you're like a kid trying to do a shower
a shower and you're like a kid in the shower you're like a kid in the shower right now
weird weird why is scoping you go to squarespace.com if you use the offer code my brother one that's
my brother that's one word and then the number one you get 10% off your first purchase my
suggestion make your first purchase a large a portion of Squarespace yeah buy a stock
in Squarespace buy a Squarespace stock 10% off turn around flip it you just made an instant
profit you're welcome with informative ads like this Squarespace is obviously a service
that's going straight to the moon but you know the thing about flipping websites that's
hungry work it's been my problem with it I've got not like not like as much as like working
it like a salt mine no well there you got salty that's more thirsty work that's more
thirsty work this is hungry work and if you want to come here if you're a hungry man or
a hungry woman you got curb it you want to you don't want to tough it out just treat
yourself to a little uh nature box box of snacks box of snacks snacks are good these
are healthy snacks right they're healthy there's no question about that but it's not what you're
saying there's not you're not gonna get a box of celery if that's what you're thinking
I'm not I wouldn't ever do that I wouldn't advertise that product on my show and I know
you guys wouldn't either we're talking french toast granola salted caramel pretzel pops
sweet potato fries dark cocoa now I'm see now it started out as a goof now I'm legitimately
hungry yeah um the good thing is you're not gonna get anything artificial no trans fats
or high fructose corn syrup now that chunk it's just healthy good for you is that good
shit from what's from the earth is of the greatest worth think about it just think about
that uh people usually say that about wheat but I think it also works for salted caramel
if you order from from nature box you're gonna get that good kush by which I mean you're
gonna get that dank dank smoke by which I mean dark cocoa almonds sweet sticky eggy
almonds get ready to get high off snacks with nature box.com use the coupon code my brother
and you're gonna save 50% that's 50% more kush for you by which I mean salted caramel
pretzel pop you'll be able to cheat so many more doobers by which I mean snacks uh guys
I have a message for star and it's from sky we are getting celestial yeah I like with
these messages uh wishing a happy 20th maybe belated birthday January 6th okay yep slightly
belated hey hey we belated your birthday can we have a tip is that how this works um we're
belaters um happy uh 20th definitely belated birthday to my amazing sister I'm not gonna
lie while writing this I forgot how old you are but hopefully you can accept your new
favorite brothers wishing you a happy birthday as an apology love you lots and have a great
birthday from your now least favorite brother um I hope that star like turned out to be
like 62 and he was like I think she's like 20 she's like 20 she she that she just went
through menopause when do ladies do that star get out the old make out the old health book
sky was hitting way too much of that good kush which I mean a few hours um again like
you do not have to be as honest as you were in your message you do not need to fess up
to fucking up let us take it for you let's see we read we read the birthday wrong that's
on us oops oops we can carry that heat we'll carry that load it ain't heavy it's a fuck
up uh this next message is for alice thornburg uh from eric lind who says happy anniversary
alice i love you boom boom you don't need to fucking goofs in here you don't need like
promises or admission of fuck ups all you need it's a for all we know their anniversary
was in september yeah yeah for all we know alice doesn't exist and neither does eric
and this was just generated by jesse thorn and jesse just sent us this message because
he felt bad for us for not having many jumbo trons um just kidding you guys keep us you
keep our pockets lined that's all we're saying dankest um happy but happy anniversary alice
and eric i would say that we love you yeah eric loves you we love you yeah i love you
star and sky love you we're all just one big love thing breaking news january is one of
the biggest months ever for the maximum fun dot org network we're launching four new shows
yes four four new shows so much stuff to listen to the first new max fun show is oh no ross
and carrie they join fringe religious groups undergo alternative medicine treatments and
investigate the paranormal all so you don't have to your new late night best friends are
jasper red and kimberly clark and their new max fun show is called the goose down not to
be missed also coming to max fun in january song exploder it's a podcast that talks to
musicians about their songs and deconstructs how they were put together and our fourth
new show is lady to lady a weekly talk show with tess barker brandy posey and barbara
gray it's like the view if the view was a good thing and one final announcement dave
holmes the great dave holmes from television is joining the network as the new host of
our funny as heck international quiz show international waters it's going to be a great
year for maximum fun you can check out all our new shows at maximum fun dot org or wherever
you find your podcasts um you guys want a yahoo yes absolutely yes i do i don't care
what anyone says well i mean all i'm saying is trying to i want a yahoo damn it and i'm
mad as hell okay can i go yeah this yahoo is sitting by ira ray are you ira ray what
was that i realized that i already said it once the other way so i hesitated halfway
through okay i guess i had a seizure you lost focus if you lose focus for even a minute
in this game justin uh thank you ira ray it's by yahoo issues your question mark who asks
you have gotta have sex with either r2d2 or c3po what's it gonna be uh additional information
things to consider c3po has a very poofy voice man that's not cool come on uh r2d2 has many
appendages including a periscope do you want me to fuck the parrot is that what that movie
down periscope is about that way you can totally see like what's up your butt or whatever i
guess that i guess yeah oh yeah yeah yeah oh yeah sure oh sure yeah yeah definitely
let's have sex yeah sorry let me let me put it in the way that god in this question ask
your intended you have got to have sex with either r2d2 or c3po i don't mean i don't know
if that means like you are required to or like sort of like how you have been poisoned
and the only antidote is to have sex with either r2d2 or c3po or maybe it means that
like i have got to eat some pringles i'm out of pringles now so i can't there's nothing
i can do about that you ate the whole there was i eat it all the potato crisps um copyright
infringement uh i mean first off let's hurry this conversation along because i'm sure kevin
smith is transcribing it for inclusion in clerks 3 so we want to make sure to to really
not keep it out of the park yeah i think the obvious answer is r2d2 there's a lot of hateful
like people agreeing with travis in the comments saying like well c3po is a guy well r2d2 r2d2
though like he's got the better personality you want to chill with him well here's the
good thing about i like about r2d2 in this case hey motherfucker can keep a secret yeah
again the problem look i'm gonna need to make sure i don't know which of his widgets and
servos i need to deactivate to make sure he's not making a 3d hologram of our love making
but i am definitely going to need to deactivate that i might just dump a big gallon of iced
tea on his head just to make sure that like that part of him is broken for good microwave
turn it to high exactly um yahoo answers user aid and says r2d2 it's possible that it's
a girl plus the robot probably has a great dick sucking mechanism in there somewhere
oh no why would that be part of the that's why the jawas were like oh definitely him
definitely protocol droid like sure he speaks like three in the language is like yeah we're
into it but this dude he's got a great dick sucking he has a great a great out of this
world you guys i actually saw that at the ceo show for the dick sucking mechanism the
dick sucking r2d2 attachment you know they're you know they're gonna upsell that that's
gonna be an upcharge you're gonna never come standard it doesn't come with the base model
it's a it's a usb dongle for your dongle put your dongle in this dongle uh and literally
every yahoo answers user response c3po is a guy i don't want any i don't want any gay
shit when i fuck one of these god fictional robots i mean if you're talking about fucking
a fictional robot can you just like open your mind for like a minute for like a minute and
think about like one of them actually has a humanoid shape maybe that's something that
would be interesting i'm also gonna throw out c3po is not a dude he's a robot right
you don't know the job of the hut might be it might be like the female of the species
why are you assuming you have such a closed mind about like this idea of gender take that
internet what better chance to experiment with your sexuality than with a robot that's
fiction that fictional robot you can't even imagine the idea of having sex with a robot
that is i mean theoretically gendered like i i think that that's so that's so short-sighted
what if it's not like just have the thought experiment like i just i guys i just fucked
gandalf the gray in my brain i just thought about it i just did that for me and you know
why because it's like it's fictional have some fun i bet if you were to do an interview
with a million gay people and you were to ask them how did you realize you were a homosexual
i bet not one of their stories start with well i was imagining having sex with c3po
and i realized i was gay i bet that that is well okay it is the earth uh there's one certainly
but it's probably not you statistically speaking no it's it is what malcolm gladwell would
call an outlier that's why his book was all about by the way i don't know if you guys
read that one it's probably you can probably skip that particular novel here's another
thing too call me crazy but i would bet there are many homosexual men who would also not
want to have sex with c3po yes yes thank you i don't think our nation's gay men are lining
up like oh okay we had a really great turnout when we relaunched the star wars series but
why can't crack the code obviously c3po has no orifices look at him look at a picture
there are no orifices that is the end all be all of this question and the prequel trilogy
you do get to see him with that as plating on and that i was baiting i was baiting to
that plating baby it was perfecto mundo yes please george lucas show me more of anakin's
youth if that's the trade-off i would a spoonful of naked 3po helps the jar jar go down and
jar jar does go down in the most in the sequel you got to stick around for that one he goes
down on the and the gungan king and i watched it in my brain it doesn't mean anything it's
just like it's just like expand your horizons you know what i mean sex with a gungan have
sex with a gungan how many people in the early 2000 do you think were just starting like
ah fuck jar jar fuck jar jar fuck jar jar fuck jar jar fuck jar jar who okay interesting
let's let's explore this mr president please sit down bring me george lucas and a typewriter
we're gonna do this we need to do some revisions listen revenge of the sith is out in three
months we have a very limited amount of time to commit this to celluloid here's a yahoo
answer that was sent in by ira ray who am ira ray who am ira ray thanks ira ray it's
by yahoo answers user bill v who asks is parkour weird or sad i'm 15 and an england and i want
to start parkour but since it's not the most popular thing around where i live well people
think i'm weird or sad climbing roofs all the time etc there's only a few people who
do it around where i live and they're really good with all their flips and stuff and i
can only do a front flip so far will i look stupid here yes here is the thing about parkour
your the level to which you look stupid is uh inversely proportionate to how sweet you
are at flips if your flips are sweet you may look like it may be like uh new for some people
sort of experience but if i see anybody doing anything really well it doesn't really matter
what that thing is you know what i mean like if you see someone busking on the street and
they're playing uh saxophone badly then that's kind of cool then okay that would be sort
of sweet that's kind of a sweet thing that would be sort of like oh shit that is a smooth
operator over there is that careless whisper almost if you see someone doing parkour full
whisper if you see someone doing parkour badly in public that's someone who's desperate for
attention sure if you see someone doing parkour well in public then that's someone who just
had to let it loose they just had to practice the problem is is i don't know that parkour
is a solo activity because i think if you're just doing it by yourself you're just that
guy jumping over fences and climbing roofs and shouting parkour and shouting parkour
but when you are in a group oh now it's fine i think it's one of those things um that if
somebody's not filming you with a camera said oh this is going on youtube then it is going
to be like a weird thing to catch you doing you're saying it's important to have someone
to film you doing the parkour yeah or else you're just what are you doing it for exercise
well here's here's a possibility let me hit you with this do all your parkour with like
a messenger bag and then it's like whoa oh shit oh we got a premium rush we do have a
premium rush situation uh yeah premium rush guys critics just got the response back did
not like the bikes too many bikes they said love jgl he did a great acting job a little
too much biking so uh we're just going to subtract them from premium rush 2 no bikes
no bike we're going to go ahead and put no bikes in the title maybe that'll entice people
who got a little burned by the first one and all its bikes don't you think though that
like when when skateboarding first started to take off there was like a kid who was like
i want to do skateboarding but everybody else in the city is really good yeah i don't want
to show up okay here's the thing though you see someone with a skateboard and you think
oh that guy's out there skateboarding having fun if you see someone doing parkour badly
it's just like hey asshole the stairs are right there yeah don't be an idiot also i
also think that parkour badly translates to broken ankles well that's right it's not a
game it's not a long-term game plan yeah you see somebody jumped off the roof and you died
you see somebody jump off the roof and just barely land it and you think like that's not
sustainable that that kid's going to be in the game for maybe another couple weeks and
then he's going to have to get an office job somewhere it's going to it's going to affect
his gait is parkour weird or sad though like i think the word sad it makes me think of
like all clinically depressed people actually do parkour whenever you see somebody doing
parkour they're actually crying and they're they're flipping their tears every time they
do a backflip a few tears just like just like fling off their face why are they so sad when
they're able to flip and gyrate in such an artistically impressive manner i would be
so happy they're not if the parkour isn't making them sad they're parkouring because
they're sad is what i'm saying they're trying to parkour the pain away and it's the only
thing that works it's the only it's the only thing the only balm for my sadness is a flip
and a spin and a jump just do it i mean i don't think it's weird or sad like i i'm pretty
impressed with anybody who wants to get out there and get active i guess in this society
especially if i bought some soaps the shoes with the the slippery like inner part that
you're supposed to like be able to grind on like railings just using your shoes i've never
seen anybody do that but i always thought it was pretty fucking cool um if i bought
some soaps would that be weird or sad i i don't think it would be either of those things
i think it would be it you would look great and and feel great about yourself for like
a minute for a minute and then you fall and you hurt yourself i gotta come to your funeral
gotta fly away to austin that's great yeah you'd be buried here right where do you want
to be buried this is welcome to our comedy show my brother my brother and me today because
i'm not like i'm gonna be buried i'm full blown like texas forever jason street down
here yeah um i only drink lone star beers like i'm i am full-blown texan um but i think
that there would be more like ground space for me in huntington like they wouldn't i
would go maybe a bit longer before i got exhumed just like make room for the next guy yeah
travis where do you want to be buried in your arms justin he wants you to carry a giant
pile of dirt around with him buried in his coffin no coffin just dirt justin just like
carries his shirt out like he's trying to carry like a bunch of like apples but it's
not apples it's his brother uh that's gonna do it for us for our comedy show we're gonna
have a last question from gervin here in a second but first justin where do you want
to where do you want to bury where you want to be buried when you die i'm not gonna die
uh thank you to everybody tweeting about our show like chucho greg bails james donelson
uh rap uncle uh chase lee a new hook jay joe smith john b diva dine i think diva diva
diva divine john b john b diva divine thank you brian sapphire and aaron gibson our old
buddies from throwing shade uh thank you for tweeting about our program we sure appreciate
you uh when you're throwing shade make sure to check out all the other max fun podcast
we just added a bunch of new ones they're all awesome go check it out throwing shade
saw bones one bad mother uh international waters is back jordan jesse go there's tons
of them go check them out go on you've earned it i want to thank john roderick and the long
winters for these part theme song is a departure which you can find on the album putting the
days to bed you can buy that from all music uh retailers um go to your local record store
maybe you'll catch a maybe you'll catch a vinyl of one of their of one of their records
i have putting i'm putting the days to bed on final been hunting for the others i don't
actually know if they got pressed or not but we'll find out i'm sure he'll call us yeah
and uh thank you to you for for listening to us yet again want to give another thanks
to uh our sponsor naturebox uh they make great tasting healthy snacks get 50 off your first
order go to naturebox use promo code my brother all one word oh and i we just opened hamlet
down at uh the cincinnati shakespeare company i'm in it i play the ertes um you should come
check it out if you're able to go to sensi shakes dot com it's sensi with a y c i n c
y shakes dot com it's really awesome and it's selling out programming note the medical history
show i do with my wife sydney saw bones it's a comedy medical history show about all the
terrible ways we've tried to cure people over the years uh we're moving that from fridays
to tuesdays so you're listening to us on monday come back on tuesday for uh saw bones you can
find that at saw bones show dot com and on itunes and everywhere else so go totally out
and if you want to have a message on our show it's maximum fun dot org slash jumbotron they'll
have all the info there for you to get it on griffin last question i'm ready this final
yahoo answer uh was sent in by alan jack away thanks alan it's by yahoo answers user
scampi who asks what if we are the ghosts i'm justin mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm griffin
mcroy it's been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips
maximum fun dot org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported hey folks this is
kevin allison of the max fun podcast risk where people tell true stories they never
thought they'd dare to share if you've never heard risk why not start with our 150th episode
it's an all-star lineup of jaw-dropping true stories from aisha tyler this being the 90s
i was drinking malt liquor don't fuck you when you're racist you're all racist for laughing
tom lennon whenever i walk into a place that's called mr pinkies i'm expecting armenian bumblebee
to be like i got jack off pills for you yeah jay moore me public school in new jersey i
didn't need to know anything because everybody knew you got pregnant by peeing in each other's
butts that's how we knew andy dick we've had a monogamous relationship for five years i
barely cheated on her and the daily shows jessica williams oh my god i have like this
need to be responsible for some reason that doesn't really benefit me so like jessica
clean it up look for risk on itunes or of course at maximum fun dot org
