The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Live from Seattle, baby, we hear the blues a-callin',
tossed salad and scrambled eggs, all three of us here in beautiful Washington,
tossed salad and scrambled eggs. What the hell are you talking about?
All three of us here for my brother, my brother, and me in sunny Seattle, beautiful weather.
I don't know what people are talking about with the cloudy and the rainy.
I it's been gorgeous. It's just been sunny, funny summer. Yeah,
it is. And all three of us are here gathered around one microphone.
I'm Justin McElroy live from Seattle. I'm your oldest brother.
I'm Griffin McElroy. I'm just kicking it in Seattle just with my two brothers.
Best people around. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm live from Seattle. Now, Travis,
if you are live from Seattle, I do not currently see you. Yeah, what's going on?
I'm in the other room. I'm not with you guys. I'm here for a different event.
Okay, you're staying in a much nicer hotel. Yeah, I'm here for the former Saturday Night
Live lookalike convention. That's very good. Say hi to Reggie for me.
I was just like Charles Rocket.
I don't know that there is a nicer hotel in the hotel that we're staying at because
we have the four regular pillows on our bed, you know, stacked too deep, too wide.
But then we have another too fast, too furious. We have another pillow that is sort of a sliver
of a pillow, just sort of like a suggestion of a pillow. And I'm not a pillow for the pillows.
I think it might be like it might be like a little baby pillow. So the other pillows feel
like they've accomplished something in their life. But I don't I don't know what to do with
it in my body. Like, do I tuck it between my legs because it's even too tiny for that.
It's hard to say. Does your hotel does your hotel have a pillow menu?
No, no, no pillow menu. This is, of course, an advice show for the modern era where we take
your questions and we turn them alchemy like into wisdom. Let's get away before we start.
Justin. Yeah, I put up that cursive thing and I need you to apologize to me.
OK, I will I will admit you're a good cursive. I don't think that is how that is, though.
I don't think that is how it is. I do it with a flamboyant flair. But that is how the easy
you look like. You look like a meth addicted hooker's mouth. It looked like a C with a bouffant.
But it is correct. That is that is maybe not so over the top. But yeah. Yeah. You're not
all winners. Yeah. Written language over the top. Yeah. It's kind of your whole style.
Well, you like to zazz your pizzazzle with all your writing.
Probably. So let's get right into it. I was having lunch with three people I respect and admire.
They all start criticizing a close friend of mine, not knowing she is my friend.
The criticism is distasteful and unjustified. What should I do in this situation? Should I
keep my mouth shut and move on or defend my friend and lose respect from my other friends?
That's from Jake. You think this is a veiled way of saying that we insulted his friends?
He doesn't know if he should stop listening to our podcast. Because if that's the case,
like I'm not I don't apologize for anything. Oh, wow. I mean, what I say, I say what I mean,
take no prisoners. It says shit. And he means it all 100% of the time. Wait, did you say the
elephant session? It means that 100% or did you say all of that? Are you referencing Timothy?
All of Timothy all of that says what he means. It means what he says. Stop his cowboy hat to you.
It says good day. Timothy Olyphant is faithful 100%. He's got your back.
Just a real quick shout out to Timothy Olyphant. Thanks for everything, big guy.
I think that you should it is actually a very admirable quality, I think to defend
anybody who's being attacked and isn't present. And it's it's something that I think we all fall
down on. But yeah, it's certainly the the I know I do, but it's certainly the the the right thing
to do or the respectful thing to do to try to defend people or at least not attack people who
aren't at a place. Although I would say from personal experience, if the person doing the
like the backstabbing is is drunk. It's it's best to just let that one go by. Because I got into a
screaming match with a girl on her birthday once for defending another one of my friends. And
it was it was it was a bad scene. It was a real bad scene. I'm not sure that it's the right.
It might be the right thing to do, but I don't know that it's the pragmatic thing to do. Like,
I didn't have I haven't had so many friends lately. And I think it's because I keep getting
in this situation and I trade in the three friends for one friend. And then it's like,
I'm down two friends. Mathematically speaking, I don't have the two friends I would have had if I
had stuck with the three instead of the one. You know, you got to keep in mind how many friends
can I keep in my life at all times and have the maximum number of friends. I think I think what
you need to do is you have to sit back and say, is this one friend worth these three friends?
And it sounds like if they're being distasteful and unjustified, like they don't really sound
like great people. But you're not thinking of it pragmatically. It's all about pragmatism.
This episode, you guys, because that's three warm bodies, three for maybe maybe their one friend
is gigantic. Oh, and that's why the three friends were picking on like a situation. Yeah, I am.
I think that it's a fine opportunity to practice decency, which you should try to defend people,
even if they're not your friends. So don't make that like, I don't know. Don't make that a huge
part of your decision making process. But what if it's Osama bin Laden? You still want him to
defend Osama bin Laden? I think friendship is sacred. With terrorist leaders? I don't think
that they're friends. What are they going to say about Osama? His ass is dead. Yeah. What are they
going to say about Osama bin Laden that is distasteful and unjust? That hasn't already been
said in an infinite number of Toby Keith songs. I think that the answer is yes, but to not get
belligerent about it. There's a polite way to defend people without turning it into an us
versus them type situation. And usually if you say something like, well, actually, you know,
I'm pretty good friends with them and they're all right. Everybody around you will get the hint and
not keep talking shit. If they do, it's turning into a whole different situation. Yeah. You know
what I mean? Like then you just need to get out of there, maybe smack a few faces on your way out
the door. Yeah. As you run with your hand out into the smacking position. Or it's also would be
great if you didn't say anything and then later somehow made sure they found out that you're
friends with this person because then they retroactively feel guilty and that goes down.
What's up? The twist dating. Why? You didn't see this coming. Hey, is it? Is it possible to get my
hopes up for a first date without ruining things? Is there a happy medium between two high expectations
and pressure and being hopeful and excited about the possibilities of that relationship? That's from
form spring. Oh, God. What do you mean by ruin things? Like are you? I peed myself. Yeah. Yeah.
Like are you rolling up and being like, marry me? Oh, damn it. Ah, fuck. You look great. I peed my
I put pee in my pants because you're so beautiful. Um, um, no, no. You have to go in jaded. Totally.
No, not that. Just totally cash talking about cashmere baby. Cause you don't want to freak her
out. You don't want to freak yourself out. The best way to get to know somebody is in a no,
a low to no pressure situation. And you can't craft that for yourself. You go in thinking
things about wedding bells. I actually babies and wedding bells. I completely agree. Griffin.
I think that first dates in and of themselves are like booby traps that are set up to make you fail.
Yeah. Literally. Yeah. Good one. But I think that I said some dismissiveness there.
I think that it is a built in high pressure situation. You know, like everything about it is,
is like built to be awkward. And if you bring your high pressure situation into her low pressure
situation, you get a tornado and thousands die. Very sensitive Griffin. Think about it.
What is it? People are friends on the East coast. Travis right now is batting down the hatches.
I'm, I'm in the midst of, of the storm. That's why I said tornado and not hurricane. Thanks guys.
But it's pretty much all the same thing. They made weather like there's bad weather everywhere.
I can't talk about bad weather. Hurricane made the made tornadoes. That's the fucking scariest
thing I've ever heard. Baby, baby tornadoes. It's spun off the hurricane the day after tomorrow.
Oh, like it all happens at once. Earthquakes. Yeah. Hey, and then the earth core starts,
stop spinning. Speaking of this hurricane, I hope everyone is, um, is safe and is, it is,
I guess by Monday, this will all sort of blown over for, for our us friends. Maybe not some of
our friends in Canada. Um, but I hope you were fine. It sounds like the, the death toll is
relatively low. I didn't want to mention one that I saw. One of the very few deaths, um, was listed
in the news as a, and I don't want to be disrespectful here, was listed in the news as a,
um, a 55 year old surfer that died. And to me, it just screamed like, that's a full on,
that's a full on Bodie situation. That guy can't live in a cage, the cage of, of going into that
dark twilight. And he just, I have to imagine that that is like lifeguard lingo. Like there's a dude,
there's a lifeguard on the beach radioing other lifeguards saying, Oh, I'm going to need some
support out here. We got a full on Bodie. We got a full on Bodie. Like this, like the chopper,
they wouldn't list him as a 55 year old surfer unless he was fucking carving the waves right then.
I actually, I read it his little bit in the New York Times. Cause I got, I got news where you're
55 year old. You're not a pro. It's not your career. I read it a little bit in the New York Times.
They actually said, um, 55 year old radical surfer. So I think that they added that extra
thing to let you know. What is it? Do I have something on my teeth? I was trying not to
distract, but no, no. Which one is it? Oh, let me see. Smile. No, the other one. This guy? Yeah.
One of your canines. Okay. Yeah, you got it. Great. Um, don't surf in hurricane. Can we give
out general advice for surviving disasters like this? General hurricane advice. Um,
there's no laws anymore. No, everything's fucking on the table. Grab, snatch and grab. Snatch and
grab. It's all yours. I've also learned from so many, um, like weather horror movies. Don't wear
a Hawaiian shirt and put down your video camera. Oh my God. You'll be sucked into the vacuum.
Those two things will kill you. Also, this is a great time to listen to Jimmy Buffett back catalog.
Yeah. Because if you don't now you'll die and then you'll never have heard it.
The, uh, the, uh, and he's got lots of songs about surviving this sort of thing and that's a pretty
good attitude throughout. Um, you, uh, you should remember, uh, above all that, um, hold on. Shit.
I forgot my thing. Hold on. Love conquers all. No, not love conquers all. True love waits. True love
waits. So don't get hurricane nasty. I know hurricane nasty is sweeping the Gulf coast.
This is my windiest nap. It's dirty with four R's. It's quite a storm.
Oh, is there a good hurricane pickup line?
Um, I want to batten down your hatches. I mean, yeah, but I guess I want to, I don't want to turn
this into, I don't want to turn this into a high pressure system. We better, we better go to the
grocery store and before it gets raided and buy condoms to have sex with. Okay. A little on the
nose, baby. I think, um, or we could just raw dog it. Hey, there's a hurricane coming. We should
probably bone. Have you ever made sex in a swirling vortex? Maybe that could be now.
Wouldn't that be the tree? Like I don't want to get weird, but wouldn't that be the dream?
If you were sucked into a swirling vortex, like made coitus, like, whoa,
this is the most intense experience of my life. Check it out. Poseidon.
Hmm. Thunk. That was me. I was getting enslaved to the cyber building. I mean,
killed in. Cow. Couple having just totally righteous. Another couple having totally
righteous sky sex. Get a net, Bill Pullen. We got to save them. What about that 55 year old
pro surfer? It's too late for him. Too late for him. He's surfing, surfing the sky. Maybe the 55
year old surfer was trying to save a sky sex couple. And that's what, like, I've got to carve
into the storm and save them or get a better look at least. I'm 55. I got nothing. How hard do you
think miserly was playing in that dude's head as he surfed a hurricane? What a cool way to go out.
That's what he was thinking. He didn't think he was going to like wake up the next day. A 75 foot
wave tower door is like worth a done. Uh, how about a Yahoo answer for us? Justin, don't,
Justin's like looking at my computer right now. I don't want him to. Oh, I won't look. I don't want
him to look. Um, okay, here it is. Yeah. Don't look at the question because this is, this one's
pretty important for you not to look at. Okay. This was sent in by Daisy Gray. Thank you, Daisy.
It's about Yahoo answers user rashie who asks, is it bad to run to girlfriend in the rain like in
the movies? Okay. I just left my girlfriend's apartment seeing her and my daughter. Well,
tomorrow morning I'm going off to college for basketball only about 40 minutes away, but still,
and I want to surprise her one last time. I want to run to her in the rain like in them
corny movies. She loves that stuff. I already got Skittles her favorite candy and it's pouring rain.
Should I do it? Would that be stupid? Wait, hold on. Hey buddy. Have you guys seen the notebook?
I love that scene where, um, that, that one guy, who's that one guy, Ryan, Ryan, Philippine, Ryan
Reynolds, Ryan Gosling, man, there's a lot of sexy ass Ryans out there. They're doing good. Uh,
Ryan Gosling runs up to that other chick is like, Hey, even before he gets to her,
he just throws a pile of Skittles in her face. Just like throws a handful. Like if you're a bird,
I'm a bird Skittles. Take them. Whoa. Did you just, uh, did you just quote the notebook?
Is that, was that a notebook selection? You know, the tricky thing about running in the rain is
where do I park my car? Where's far enough? How far away is far enough, but not too far.
And by the time you get there, you're just like tired. You're like, you're like,
Oh, hi. I puke, puke up all the Skittles you ate on the way over. I need your Skittles. I needed
the carbs. I'll be like, you get there to her and you, you put your hand in your pocket and you
pull out crazy core Skittles. And you're like, I'm sorry. All they had was crazy core. And she's
like, I don't care. I love the idea of like completely contextless running to someone in
the rain. Like you run up to them and then what? Like you run up and you're like, Hey,
you're talking about a stranger. No, but like he's leaving for college later. And so like,
he's like, I want to run up to her and say what? Like, make sure that you're there when I leave
tomorrow. So wait a minute. Did he say his girlfriend and his daughter and he's going
to college, play basketball? Yeah. Hey, if you want a grand romantic gesture, take your daughter
with you. Take your daughter to college here. Maybe like getting a part with the both of them
and don't be a Debbie absent father. If you want like grand gestures, that'd be a good start.
Oh, maybe the Skittles are for the daughter to like ease the pain.
He doesn't say he's going to college to play basketball. He's going to college for basketball.
Oh, you think he's going to like Duke and he's like, I just love them blue devils so much.
I actually think he's going to study basketball. Like a basketball doctor. Yeah. I'm Dr. Basketball
Jones. Step into my office. Your hoops are all wrong. Let me show you about free throws.
I wrote my thesis on two points. My prescription sick dunks. I see your problem here. You seem to
affect the funk on a nasty though. I'm running out of things. I know about basketball. Charlotte
Hornets aren't a team. Have you met Dr. Jones? He's he's an odd duck. He wears Reebok pumps
with his tweed. I like those are still thing. Yeah. Pumps are Reebok still a thing. Reebok.
I think my is still around. That's a company anymore. You know, you just snatched them up.
You know, that in these songs is so popular right now. Are they saying all the kids with
the pumped up kicks? Is that about Reebok pump? I'm pretty sure the song you're talking about
is written by all American rejects. Thus cannot be qualified. I don't think it's written by,
I think it's written by the, the, the sick meanies or something. Some sort of righteous any name.
What did you just say? The Richard Grieco's. There it is. The Sky Surfers. Oh, the Sky
Surfers. Yeah. Uh, no, we're not the Richard Grieco's anymore. We lost our base. Now we're
just Grieco. Ah, Richard Grieco. The Richard Grieco experience. Hey, this Monday, my wife and
I will find out if we are indeed going to be parents. We're excited at the possibility and
have started trying to plan ahead things to get one area. We're stuck in as a baby themed room.
We wanted something different from the normal animal themed room. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Animal
themed room or a single with eminol and felt that the wise brothers three would provide us
with some great thoughts. That's from confounded in K C I'm going to throw out and this is kind of
meta, but what about a baby themed baby themed room? Oh man. And you just paint babies all over
the walls. Yeah. And like with signs like you are this, like I love that. I think that's important
for human beings to know what and who they are pretty much instantly so they can start growing
and learning from it. Like I think you learn from yourself. Maybe, maybe instead of a baby,
it's like a zygote or like a fetus and you're like, you were this now get better. Oh, I like
that. What if you put, what if you took it as an educational thing and you put just a ton of objects
in the room that would say maybe like out loud, perhaps with one of the greeting card sound chips,
they would say out loud what they are, but they would all do it at the same time and they would
do it 24 hours a day. Chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair,
chair, bad, bad, bad drums, hidden pot, pump shoes, pump shoes. Why did you hide your pot
in the baby's room, dad? You had to touch one of them that just said baby, baby, baby and just be
Justin Bieber. Oh, that would be, that would make for probably a unibomber. How was my babyhood?
I will tell you. Not great because I'm looking at that lamp and it's screaming in my brain. So
it could be better. All I could think of when I blew out the building was well,
that's one building of things that won't be screaming at babies today. Building, building,
building, building, building, building, windows, windows. I have to kill the building,
but now it's screaming pit, empty pit, empty pit, empty pit. It's just like my heart, heart, heart,
heart. What about a Steve Guttenberg themed room? Gutten baby. Yeah, that would be, or just let's
go full whole hog and we'll go three and a half minute a baby and three and three quarters men
and also a baby. Who's the three quarters man? The goods. All right. I'm pretty sure he was
listed in one of the original men, right? And it was Steve Guttenberg, Steve Danson, Steve, Steve
Danson and Paul Rudd in his, in his acting debut as the baby. He was awesome as the baby. There
were fucking, there were three dads in that shit, right? Yeah. Yeah. Greg, Greg, Greg, Greg,
Paul Rudd and Paul Reiser. Paul Reiser, Peter Sarsgaard and Stellan Scarsgaard.
Hey guys, can we get together and fucking pick one? Yeah, just pick a thing. Just pick a,
you can't throw K's in there. It's, it's one name or the other. Um, what about a Scarsgaard
themed room? Oh, you've got a baby. You got a baby in the room. Did you, did you Scarsgaard
everything? Which is the Scarsgaard in the true blood? Is that Stellan? Stellar, Stellam Scarsgaards.
Stellam Scarsgaards needs to stop taking pictures on magazines with like him pulling the front of
his pants down. Like, Hey, maybe we'll see some pubes. Like I don't want, actually I'm checking
out at H-E-B and I'm buying like bacon and dates. Like I don't want to see your almost pubes, Sarah.
And I certainly don't want my baby to see them. Bad idea. I vote down. Your idea. Okay. Yeah.
V-TED. V-TED. What about, um, cause now that I'm thinking about Gutenberg, I'm just thinking about
short circuit. What about just like an all short circuit themed room? Right. What if we went over
the top and said just a robotic room? See, this is something I could get behind. Cause that's. I like it.
That's, robots had such a big influence on me and my life. Um, uh, uh, vis-a-vis short circuit
and, uh, iron giant. Um, robots are important. And I think you need to, I think, I think the next
generation of children is going to have a very good reason to be scared of robots. Right. So if
your baby's half robot or at least can sympathize with them or communicate with them, it'll help.
Yeah. Uh, I don't want, yeah. You don't, you don't want your baby to be a robo-phobe. You got to get
them in early. You got to get them in deep. Can you, if you make a baby themed, uh, like a baby,
a robot themed baby room, can you make an exoskeleton for your baby? Because I think that
would like an animate. Okay. We've seen in a lot of science fiction exoskeletons used to give, um,
disabled people, the ability to, uh, or people with disabilities,
the ability to walk. I'm saying, could that technology apply to babies?
Is this example based purely out of Robocop?
See, he, you're saying Robocop. I'm saying it's more of like a Power Rangers Megazord
situation. Gundam, maybe an Evangelion. Yeah. What if you raised your baby and convinced him
he was a robot like that, like an AI situation and you convinced him that he was a baby robot
like, Oh no, when you die, you're not going to go, you're not going to heaven. So
I have seen bicentennial man. You are going in the garbage.
I don't think that's what happens in bicentennial man. Yeah. Yeah. Williams dies. The last shot is
him in the garbage. God. It's the only travesty is that robot Robin Williams can be found in the
garbage. Robin Williams can't legally be thrown on the scrap heap of Hollywood. That's the best we
got. RV is the scrap heap of Hollywood. Hey Robin, stop it. I hate that guy.
Does anybody ever just refer to him by just his first name? That was just so strange to me when
you said that. You have to call him Robin Williams. I call him Rob, just because we so tight.
Bob Williams. Um, and sometimes I call him, uh, uh, the most hair suit man in the world. Yeah.
But it's a little long form. Or Mork. Mork. He loves that. He loves that. He loves that stuff.
He loves that. He loves that stuff. Hey Mork. Oh, that's a good one. Justin.
Was that your, was that your, sorry. Was that your Robin Williams man? I only got like one voice.
Yeah. Hey, I start all right. Impression. Yeah. You got a Paul Rudd. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one.
Justin. Hey, I started a new job in April supervising employees who have been working
longer than I've been alive. I'm well qualified, but I also happen to be a young, somewhat petite
blonde female. How do I present myself in a way that lets people know that they can't take advantage
of me? Gmail. Robot exoskeleton. Exoskeleton. Exoskeleton is the, obviously the, it's the
obvious answer, but I assume she would have thought of that already. Right? Um, you know,
I think if you, if you go in with that attitude, um, then it's going to create a real contentious
workplace, um, situation. I, I, I'm of the opinion that the best way to supervise people
is to be as, uh, Dale Carnegie said, lavish in your approbation and hardy in your praise.
Are you kidding me? No. With this Carnegie cast. No. What does that mean? You keep turning us into
a Carnegie cast. I, I'm just telling people that that book turned my life around. Just don't
approbate anybody. You know, like that word. You know, lavish with your approbation. Yeah. Don't,
don't drown these fools in approbation. Don't be mad because I've won friends and influenced people.
Don't hate. Don't hate. Celebrate. Define approbate for me right now. And I swear to God, I will give
you $5 out of it. The word was approbation. What does it mean? It means praise. Does it mean it? It
means approving of people. Like approbation? Yeah, like approbation. Fuck that. No. Yep. Why doesn't
Dale Carnegie just say like, Hey, tell him good job and pat him on the back. Tell him good job. Pat
on the back. Good job. Cause he was at the lot. Cause he's dead. He can't say anything anymore.
Wow. Way to really bring it down. He died surfing in the hurricane. Yeah. You win. Okay. I was right.
Yeah. Um, the, uh, yeah, I just think that if you go and say like, you guys aren't going to take
advantage of me, then it's going to create a bad work environment. It's not going to be the kind of
work environment. I would be more concerned with like setting a good role model and leading them
rather than worrying about people taking manage you. Cause I like that they're going to like ask
off extra days work, take advantage of you. Like they're all going to slack off and not do their
job. Like what does it mean? Take advantage of, I'm, I'm confused by the parameters. Well, she
can't answer your question because she's not on this call. Words on a screen. I understand. I
understand the concept. I know how that works. I'm wanting you guys to tell me what you think it is.
Yeah. I like that kind of stuff. Like just not showing up for work and then being like, what fire
me? You can't, I've been doing this longer than you've been alive. Or steal, like stealing rubber
bands, stealing all the rubber bands. What are you doing with those rubber bands? Ah, they're all
mine. Ha ha. I'm making a child. Rubber baby. Rubber baby man. Just love that song so much. Gotta
make a human. So it's like maybe taking advantage of leaving rubber baby in her chair without
warning her. Oops. And with a sign that says we wish rubber baby was our boss. Yeah. Rubber baby
would do better than you. Have you? You shouldn't be my manager, rubber baby. He's very, he's bouncy.
He, um, he smells like an old newspaper. He's very quiet, but he's very resilient. And you can play
hoops with him. Like with him. Like with him. Like you're on him to him. You can play basketball to
him. The one baby it's okay to drop. Um, I, I think that I, I understand your worry, but, but I think
if you work, focus on having a good relationship with these people, that's going to be your best
bet. Cause especially for people who've been doing this for so long, you're not going to whip them
into shape. Like you're not going to whip them into submission. Um, and, and I, I don't think
you should look at, uh, working with them or, or trying to, um, appease them as, as, um,
as a, as a loss. I think it was just plain good, good leadership. I agree. You should have an
unsheathed samurai sword open on your desk. That is absolutely right. That when someone comes in
to ask you a question, no matter how benign the question is, just slowly stroke the hand. Yeah.
Just stroke that wazai kihi and just let her know what's up. Um, if this were like, oh, sorry,
Travis, go right ahead. I was just going to say, I think a good rule of thumb for pretty much
every situation like this is if you respect yourself, if you have confidence in yourself,
then that will carry over to them. If you go in afraid that they're going to take advantage of
you, if you go in feeling underqualified because you're younger than them, that's going to be the
image you project. But if you go in saying I deserve to be here, I deserve to be the supervisor,
they will, uh, they will respect that. If this were a Reese Witherspoon movie,
Mm-hmm. She would have her gay best friend who doesn't work there come into the place and do
something wrong and then she would fire him in front of everyone. What do you guys do like that?
Oh, and he would like cry? Like? Yeah, like, how could she be so mean? I have a sick kid!
I got a sick baby! I don't understand why the friend has to be gay. I just thought that she,
well, like later she's, he's going to help her out with like her relationship. Is this Timothy
Oliphant? Can I imagine? Yeah. If you, actually, if you imagine Timothy Oliphant as a gay man,
you have to go to jail. The man only wears cowboy hats. He wears cowboy hats in the shower. Like,
yeah. And if you picture Timothy Oliphant in the shower in a cowboy hat, you have to go to jail.
Those are, we have an Oliphant laws. Uh, I don't want to go to jail.
Oh, I'm almost sure Isaac Asimov wrote the Oliphant laws. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Um,
a law one cowboy hat. Law two, draw. Um, how about a Yahoo answer question? Please. This one was sent
in by Daniel McKinney. I'm almost certain Justin just looked at it. It's by Yahoo answers user
Garland Garcia, who asks, is it legal to have sex with trees on your own property?
Oh, oh my. Now the top answer is unless the tree can be seen by a passerby, it's not illegal.
It's not as if there's a precedent to making it illegal. Despite the foolishness of the question,
I've decided to address it seriously. And I, I appreciate that. John Lennon,
just your username. Yeah. I don't think that that's accurate. No, yeah, sure. If you have a higher,
here's, what's terrifying about this question and why I decided to discuss it. No, by accurate,
do you think I meant the answer or the fact that that is John Lennon or the fact that there's no
precedent for this? I know. I agree with that part. I don't agree with the fact that it's
John Lennon. He's a ghost in the machine, but he's trapped in Yahoo answers forever. And he just
wants out so bad. Please let him on another site. He can't find his way out because it's a labyrinth.
Yeah. Take it from me. Our show is really about trying to find John Lennon's ghost hidden in Yahoo
answers. Hidden in the hedge maze of terrible methods. This is the closest we've ever gotten.
Is this gentleman's concern that a tree would report him to the police? For tree,
say for arboreal sex crimes. Uh-huh. I don't think that that's a concern. Then what other law,
besides just being completely indecent in public, which is a law, no matter what you're having sex
with wrong. Go wrong. Go. Here's what I'm saying. Here's what's upsetting. If your fence is high
enough, people could be fucking trees. People could be fucking trees. They could have trees
fucking them or each other. They could have grown the trees into a position that makes it look like
they're having sex. I'm talking about branches and the bird holes and the fucking man, a nasty mess.
A nasty mess. So wait, is your concern that this is like rampant? I'm saying who knows? If you walk
by a house with an eight foot fence, you just go ahead and assume that they are fucking something
they should not be. Yeah. And spray paint on the fence. Tree fuckers go home. Yeah.
And then just spend every night worrying about white ash beetles. Yeah. Termites. I mean,
I think people are stumping on the reg. You do think people are stumping right now somewhere in
this world. Okay. Now I get the t-shirts. Uh, stumpers have wood. Yeah.
Um, it upsets me that we can find loopholes in our legal system to allow this kind of thing.
Aren't law supposed to keep you from doing really upsetting things? Isn't that the whole idea?
I want the fucking law and order special victims unit to like kick in the door and be like,
hey, sex police, don't move. Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? Why are you doing
this? Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? Why are you doing
the door and be like, hey, sex police, don't move. Why do we even have special? Tree fucker.
Yeah. Why even have the SVU if they're not going to stop shit like this from happening?
Cause psychically it's in my brain. Like there's a tiny, here's what you guys may not realize about
my brain is just by saying that word, saying like tree fucker. Now in my brain, there's a constantly
a 24 seven until the day I die, a tiny man, fucking a tiny tree in my brain. And he's just
shouting tree fucker, tree fucker, tree fucker, tree fucker, or tree man, penis intercourse,
intercourse, intercourse. Like it can't be stopped. Please stop the noise, but you can't stop. I want
fucking ice tea to kick in the door and be like, stop SVU. And he can't do that in your brain.
He's got to hold on. I got to incept him in there and get, get him out. Brain iced tea.
Guys, Griffin, Griffin's eyeballs are bleeding. I think he incepted too much.
Don't have sex with trees.
Don't have sex with.
There's guys.
If only to avoid the horrifying half human, half tree babies.
And also the dick splinters. Stop it.
Listen, you motherfuckers, dryads have to come from somewhere. I want them to walk the earth
and this is the only way to get it done. It may not be pleasant. It may not even be,
it's questionably legal, but if we're going to have someone to bestow upon us,
like special tree powers.
Dryad magic.
Dryad magic, yeah.
I would like to imagine that dryout babies are just completely like boring and normal people.
And you see like a half human, half tree and you're like, give me your wisdom. And he's just
like, dude, I work at the plant. I got nothing. No pun intended.
I work on my shit models.
When you guys were younger, did you ever read the taking tree?
Take the tree.
Give me that sap.
Oh, I'm sad in my brain.
Yeah, me too.
This sucks.
Just ruined a children's book for everybody.
This sucks.
How many other children, I've done Horton Hizze Who and I've done The Giving Tree.
What else can I ruin today?
Yeah, you told the show, the podcast.
Yeah. Hey, my girlfriend and I have a long distance relationship for almost nine months
now. And we're both about to be college freshmen at different universities.
As of the past few days, however, she has determined that she wants
to back out for a semester or two and go home to build her confidence.
I think this is a huge mistake, but don't know how to correctly approach her about it.
I want to be supportive at every corner, but at the same time,
I want to make sure she's making the right decision.
Worried in Wilmington.
You know, worried.
It's a funny thing about being supportive.
It's that once the person makes the decision, you support them.
Interesting.
Yeah, I know.
You back them up.
You just do the thing the word says.
Right, because if you say like, I don't think you're doing the right thing, you're messing
up, you're going to be perpetually messing up in my eyes.
I don't think that's supporting the person.
Like, she's a big girl.
Like, she knows what she's doing.
Okay, so if you're just trying to be supportive, I agree with Justin.
However, there is a certain amount of like, like teaching someone to drive.
If they're swerving towards a tree, you grab the wheel and you, you know,
you guide them away from hitting that tree.
No, you got to be supportive and you got to respect their decision to drive you into a
tree.
Well, guys, seriously think about this for a second.
How, how many times have you, how many times have you made a decision and then someone
tells you a big serious decision and someone tells you, you know, it's the wrong way to
go and you've changed your mind against your own free will.
Like, it's, it's something that you didn't want to do, but that person changed your mind.
That never, ever happens.
The only time we take people's advice is when it's justification for what we already want
to do.
That's not true.
I think that's an excellent point.
No, no, people, I think it's absolutely correct.
When people ask for advice, what they want is someone to support them.
And if you really care about her, I say you just support this decision.
She's smart enough to make her own choices.
Like she knows her own, her own life and her own mind.
I just don't think you're, I don't think talking, trying to talk her out of things is the way
to go.
I think there can be a bias that you can have in your own brain where like when you have
a tough decision like this, you can be leaning towards one or the other, but I think you're
still susceptible to advice.
I think that's kind of a messed up way to look at things.
Well, no, especially in this case, she didn't ask for his advice.
She didn't want his opinion.
That's true.
She didn't say like, Hey, if someone's asked, the reason I point this out is that if she
was asking for your advice and she was kind of like on the fence, one or the other for
sure.
Like tell her what you think, but trying to convince someone to do something they don't
want to do, I think is going to be a huge source of undue stress in your relationship.
Let's get specifically into this question though.
She wants to go home to build her confidence.
I think that there's, instead of giving her advice, I think that you can help her do that
and still get her to go to school, still get her to keep up her regular school schedule
because this is the kind of thing where it's not like a, I'm not saying it's the right
choice for everybody all the time, but if you think it's the right choice for her and
assuming that you know her pretty well, I think it's your duty to try and influence
her decision.
I just worry that going home and backing out of school isn't a good way to build confidence.
Not at all.
It seems like she's afraid to start this next step of college and so she's just not
going to do it and that is not confidence building at all.
So that's what concerns me, is that it's not the idea of you saying it is a bad idea,
it's that it is a bad idea.
And if it's, you said you're going to different universities, if it's because she doesn't
want to leave you, you need to.
That's not good at all.
That's not good.
Well, is she, is her staying, like is the place she's staying in near the university
that he's going to?
I don't think, that was not made explicitly clear.
But if that is the case, then that's, that is definitely something you need to interject
and be like, hey, don't do this for me.
Like, this is, this is a super important thing that you have to do and don't do it
for this relationship.
I think that in all things, if you're looking for a way to approach it and actually like
bring it up, asking questions is better than making statements.
If you're like, why do you think, why do you feel you need to do this?
What do you, what's your plan?
You know, that kind of thing is supposed to going, this is a bad idea.
I don't think you should do it.
Like, cause then that's you.
But asking her questions will help her to realize if it's something she really wants
to do or not.
Um, yeah, it's a, it's a sticky, it's a sticky situation.
Um, but I, I just don't try to impose your own thoughts because she's looked at this
at different angles, but there's ways to, what I would do if I were you is really talk
to her about it and really figure out what's really at the root of it.
Try your best to understand it because if you, if you understand what she's feeling
completely, then you are going to see things her way.
You will, you will see why she is staying there.
Um, and then you can kind of go from there.
But I would first, I think your first step is to try to, uh, to, um, um, understand
where she's coming from personally.
That's what I think.
You know what I think?
What maybe we should do a Yahoo.
Yeah.
Can we do the one about the tree sex again?
Yeah, sure.
No.
This, hey, sex, the tree sex.
What's up with that?
Um, how about this one?
This one's sent by Galiayali.
It's by Yahoo!
Interest user Jordan Crum.
Remember that last name, everybody.
Jordan Crum.
My last name is Crum and I'm running for 4-H president at my school.
I need good slogans for my posters.
4-H is green and for the planet.
Please put more than one slogan.
Oh, don't worry, Jordan.
Done and done.
Crumble believable.
Fuck.
You beat me to it.
Can we send it to that song?
I wish that that wasn't always in my head all the time.
24 seven and just that like two seconds of music.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Time to pull the crumbilical cord.
Yeah.
And secede.
Pull it.
Pull it.
Cut it.
Cut the crumbilical cord.
No, I like pulling it better.
I'll get out of this.
I'll get out of this one.
He's not like that.
We are cartoonists.
Crumb it.
Jesus.
Um, uh, uh,
come and I'm looking at you.
Give me something.
Look at my eyes.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
There's nothing I don't want to say that isn't.
Put it on your earmuffs, everybody.
Come.
I'm coming.
Uh, let's see some of the, uh, uh, some of the really,
some of the really stellar answers here.
Uh, several slogans for crumb for fourth president are don't be.
No, I'm sorry.
What?
Crumb for fourth president.
Okay.
The third president down the line.
Okay.
Don't be glum.
Vote for crumb.
Fourth president.
Not so great.
Not a good start.
Don't be going to be glum, but give a ho ho hum.
Vote for crumb.
Fourth president.
Nope.
That's not it at all.
Who are you voting for?
Ho ho hum.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Tip of canoe and Tyler too.
I give out chewing gum.
If you vote for crumb.
For no, no, that's all these things make me want to not vote for crumb.
Make a rule of thumb vote for president crumb.
That's if he's president crumb.
He doesn't need your vote to be fair.
President crumb sounds like a warlord.
And I love don't become numb.
Vote for crumb.
He will lead us alive.
Our school will thrive.
What the fuck?
To a glorious revolution over Lord crumb and the, and the floor of the cafeteria.
We stay with Brad.
I'm seeing in my, I'm seeing in my mind like a chubby version of beans from even Stevens
at that kid.
Only he's in the Obama poster, the hope poster.
When he said hope, it just says crumb.
Fuck Justin Russo.
Make that.
Hey Justin Russo.
Make that t-shirt.
It sits on you.
By the way, those suggestions came from George.
He's a college professor of education at four universities in Illinois, New York, South
Carolina, and the district of Columbia.
He likes making slogans.
So if you go to college in one of those four states, you should probably move somewhere
else.
Dude was in DC.
Why didn't he give Obama some of his help for 2012?
Like Obama, yo mama, vote for fourth president.
What is fourth president?
You make it sound like fourth meal.
President Obama, he killed Osama, fourth president.
Get him, give him your votes.
Let's keep this country alive.
It must thrive.
Obama.
Is there a who's Harry Chrome angle we're not approaching?
No.
Okay.
All right, that's good enough for me.
Hey, you're a history, you're a college professor of education.
You're fired.
Go find another state.
That happened to him three times.
Your slogans are terrible.
Do you think he teaches politics?
Oh no, I think I bet he teaches education about politics.
I bet, I bet that he knows every single slogan has ever been done in any presidential campaign
and he has compiled that information to create these surefire winning machines.
You gotta come up with something snappy.
I like Ike.
That's great.
Yeah.
I chum crumb.
Yeah.
Is that good?
No.
Big chum crumb.
Big chum crumb.
I think it's time to accept that you don't have a successful political name.
Yeah, you don't.
Can we change it to like Broderick?
Yeah.
Rock Broderick, president and king.
Rock Broderick, sexual desire.
What is this voice that you're doing?
What about, what about if you ditch all the president shit?
What if you focus on your sexual potency?
Yeah.
Crumb.
He is adequate.
He'll get the job done.
Crumb.
He'll do the electric slide with you at the dance.
Crumb.
Crumb, sporting boner since 2006.
Crumb's got more boners than he knows what to do with.
Fourth president.
Crumb.
He'll help you with your long division.
He's got that shit down.
He's in fourth grade.
Yeah.
I mean, the trick for winning a presidential election with Travis, I'm sure you know all
about is to find your sort of your area of expertise in fourth grade.
Like, are you a basketball star?
Because if that's the case, and like, Crumb makes all the points for the big team.
Slam dunk.
I would suggest just a series of, how about a series of pictures of him as a basketball
star, as a chemist, as President Obama, but just the exact same facial expression.
His arm around Barry.
We caught him together, Barry.
Got him.
Couldn't have done it without you.
And you couldn't have done it without me.
Crumb, fourth president.
Oh, fuck, you're so good.
He's in fourth grader.
Yeah, but he's also sexually potent.
I'm trying to, I'm bringing all of our birds into roost.
Oh my God, Griffin.
That answer was put onto this question 13 hours ago.
I know, it's not piping hot.
George is still out there helping people.
Wait.
He must be stopped.
Crumb just put this.
Okay, guys, this is such a rare opportunity.
Crumb just put this question up 15 hours ago and there are still three days left to answer.
If you can find this question and start giving him some crummy suggestions.
I love it.
Okay, we just tapped into it.
You're crummy as president.
Yeah.
Well, I know, I know.
I think it has to be his name's Crumb, but he's not crummy.
Vote for him.
Don't be a dummy.
His name's Crumb.
He's not coming.
He's not coming.
Next question.
Don't tell.
Don't tell.
Listen, I'm saying get your mom, get a fucking Elmer's glue stick, get some sprinkle sparkles
and just fucking make that slogan happen.
Yeah.
Picture you high-fiving Barack Obama holding Osama bin Laden's head.
Fantastic.
Guaranteed win.
So hey, I run a lot.
Just a fact.
And because of that, I'm usually wearing short shorts around my house and just in general.
I love them because they're so comfortable and easy to wear.
Everyone I know that isn't a runner hates them and sometimes they're even appalled by
the fact that I'm wearing them.
Stop going to funerals in your short shorts.
What I'm asking you is why do people hate short shorts?
I love them.
David, North Carolina.
You know what bothers me about this show?
We say pretty clearly, I think, in all of our promotional materials, our TV ads, our
Super Bowl spot, we say it's an advice show for the modern era.
David has come to us not seeking advice.
He has his decision about short shorts is cast in iron.
I think this is an opportunity.
I think it's like one of those things where no one goes to a psychiatrist because they're
afraid they have narcissism, like they go because they're depressed because nobody realizes
how awesome they are.
Yeah.
I think that that's what this is.
I think that that's what this is. David has not asked for advice, but I feel David needs
advice.
How short are these shorts, Doc?
That's my question.
What are we talking about here?
Are we talking about some Daisy Dukes?
Are we talking about some Jordan Crums?
Like, how short are these?
Oh, in order for that joke to make sense, you have to see the picture of Jordan Crum
that we're both looking at right now.
His t-shirt is so long, I can't even see it.
It looks like he's like a girl in a poison music video right now.
There's sparks everywhere.
I would also say that short shorts in this situation sound like a uniform for running.
So you should probably relegate it to that time and only that time.
Yeah, just wear them while you're running and no other time ever.
That's like if I were a 55 year old surfer and I just rolled around in a wetsuit all
the time.
It's like all the time or floated around in a wetsuit until the Coast Guard came by.
I'm not sure I'm even cool with it while it's running because when I run, when I express
myself through movement and I see a gentleman pass by, which they're keen to do because
I'm not the fastest runner, and I see them wearing those short shorts and it sounds like
their thighs are high-fiving over and over again.
Well then you just do a slight wave and say, please don't try to see my balls.
Yeah, like I can, I can't not see his balls.
Like they're in, they're my, they're in my everything at that point.
Like in that brief moment where they pass by and they always touch me.
They always just brush up against and I feel their moist leg.
They're moist balls.
No, not, no, not his balls.
No, don't be crass.
His almost balls.
Okay.
Still is no, no zone, but like his almost balls.
Why are you not wearing them?
Why are you wearing them any other time?
There it's a running uniform.
Like I don't wear my cleats for sports inside the house.
My sport cleats.
I'm saying don't wear them at all.
I'm saying when I get done with my desert horse race, I take off my job purse.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, and David, just so we're clear, people don't hate your short shorts.
People hate your legs.
They don't want to see all the things.
They don't want to see your pasty, sweaty getaway sticks.
Yeah.
What kind of legs are we talking about here?
Are we talking about like some daddy, long legs, lanky ass, pale and pasties or are we
talking about, or are they jealous?
Are we talking about legs that look like Robin Williams fingers?
Maybe we're talking about legs that go all the way up and everybody's just jealous.
Are we talking about some Michael Sarah's or are we talking about some Bruce Valanches?
They're both bad.
Like, I don't understand what you're saying.
I know, I'm trying to gauge what kind of...
Have you ever seen a dude's legs and gone, aw yeah?
Except for Timothy Olyphant, obviously.
Other than Timothy Olyphant, yeah?
Yeah.
Go to jail.
Do not pass go.
I haven't...
I don't think that's a good look for a dude.
I don't think a...
I haven't seen a...
I haven't talked to a lady who appreciates a good leg.
I think that's...
I like...
I know ladies like buns.
Yeah, they like a tight bun, but I guess you get that by running.
So you want him to run in assless chaps.
Or just run in jeans, everybody.
Can you just hide your fucking gross legs?
Nothing like the comfort and ease of jeans.
Yeah, because you can...
Jeans, you can get some cargo jeans going and you can tuck bottles of water in there.
You can put your Zune and your bottle of water in there.
And your bag of cheese nips.
Yeah, bag of cheese nips.
Maybe a Gameboy, because it gets boring out there on the street.
Like, how's your run going?
Good, catching them all.
You hungry?
I got nips.
If it helps, you can wear your short shorts underneath the jeans.
Yeah, that makes you feel better.
You just need to feel that mesh close to your scrote.
Hey, I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first, quick housekeeping stuff.
We are at mbmbam.com.
That is the letters of my brother, mybrotherandme.com.
You probably figured that out.
Our Twitter is at mbmbam.
Griffin, can you tell them how they can reach out to us, how they can reach us?
You can email us at mbmbam at maximumfun.org or just mbmbam at gmail.com,
if that's how you like to do what you do.
Or you can just shout at us on Twitter.
We're always looking.
We're always looking out for that hashtag and that at sign.
And if you need a more direct way, you can call Griffin at 1-900-HOT-PANTS.
Hot pants with a Z.
Hottest pants.
Don't call that number, though, because it's probably something bad.
I want to thank John and Roderick in the long winters for the use of their theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed, which, just go buy that.
We're in Seattle right now.
I've just been thinking about just hunting him down like an antelope,
like some sort of wild creature.
Well, then you tag him and release him back.
Tag him and release him, but thank him.
I just want to thank him personally for it.
Thank you.
Hey, John, thank you for the use of your song.
It's so good.
I'm sorry, people have asked, what's our closing song?
Oh, it's off Girl Talks Feed the Animals.
It's Play Your Part Part Two, the very ending of it.
Thank you, Girl Talk.
Play Your Part Part Two.
And thank you to everybody who talked about us on Twitter this week.
Always Amy H.
I always devoted in her talking about us.
Rocks in his head.
I appreciate that.
Ryan Winslet.
Galen, our bold hero.
Bird Lord.
Krista Whalen, as always.
I want to thank Ashbrook K, now that I look at it again,
who wondered if the quake would get mentioned on this week's My Brother, My Brother and Me.
And sadly, it will not.
Thanks to Ham Doctors.
We met Oni Davin and our friend Lindsay here in Seattle.
So thank you to both of them for being so sweet.
And speaking of people we met, we met Emily Carroll,
who you can find at Emily Terrible on Twitter.
She does the best art.
I was super nervous.
I was actually super nervous because it's like you make the best art,
but now you're talking to us.
She made an NBNBAM art.
She made an art.
I'm sure everybody saw it.
It's well got blowed up worldwide.
But if you didn't just track her down.
It's in the forums.
It's in the forums.
You can find it at Maximumfun.org and then just click forums.
And I want to throw out a special thanks to Joel Siebert,
who also thought that all checks had to be in cursive.
So I'm glad that he was there with me.
Thank you, Joel.
Uh, if you'd like to have us talk about a special event in your life
or your corporation that wants us to promote your product.
Or if you're a lonely gentleman and you want to-
Still haven't done that personal ad.
You want to get a person-
If you want us to boost your sexual confidence.
So you can go to school.
So you can go to school finally.
Then we can do that for you.
Listen, I'm so hungry right now.
Max, you got to give the address, stupid.
It's Maximumfun.org, right?
Not.com.
There's a.org.
Maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron.
And we will blow your shit up.
It's affordable.
It's, it's, we'll talk all about you.
Only nice things.
Unless you raise our ire.
And we'll just, we'll blow your shit up on our podcast.
And we will literally say anything you want.
We will, we will suck anything.
We'll say anything for what?
For money.
Say the last thing.
I'm so hungry.
Your show's over.
Aw, 69.
Aw, guys, it's episode 69.
It's already, somebody open a window.
Griffin, fucking say the last question.
No, I want to talk more about episode 69.
I'll read it.
I can see your computer.
But listen, episode 69.
I feel like this is a good, this is a good moment.
Cause I think that we pleased our consumers and they pleased us.
And so I just want to thank.
No, I want to thank every, this is the time for thank yous.
And I want to thank every single one of our listeners for engaging.
We couldn't have done it without you and you couldn't have done it without us.
Yeah, you have to have us.
Just keep, just fucking remember that.
You're nothing without us and we're nothing without you.
So thanks for, let's just, let's just rub each other's gents.
They're gentles.
Just rub some gents.
Thanks everybody.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Galiayali.
Thank you, Galiayali.
It's by Yahoo!
It's user Hottieheart25 who asks, I have canker sores in my mouth.
Is it bad to eat spicy Doritos?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
