The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, baby, welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
Machinera. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
McElroy. And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. I feel like I don't even know that I can
call myself that anymore. Boys, I got some pa- I got some packages today. They arrived- they arrived
in the mail, and when I opened all of them- when I bought these packages, or rather the things inside
of them, I didn't- I didn't think that they created a narrative, but then when I opened them all up and
laid the contents out, I realized this sort of through line there. And let me start off by saying
I don't really use Twitter pretty much at all anymore, but whenever I do dip my beak in, I'm
still getting a lot of, you know, uh, memes, uh, teen- teen memes, and weird- weird humor that like-
Oh, I love that stuff. I love that weird humor, that kind of like, where are they coming from? What do
they even mean? Sure, and I think I'm getting it mostly because I'm the- I am the only boy- you two
are men now, and I'm still the- I guess I'm still the only boy of the podcast. Oh, thank you. I open
up these packages. They are mostly things I bought in preparation for our, uh, our Disney World trip
next week, uh, as we, uh, as we brave the wilds of, uh, Flowrider. And so there was a fanny pack,
and I did get that for- It's waterproof. It's waterproof. There's pictures on- I got this one
off Amazon, and there's pictures of a guy wearing it, and the guy looks really cool, like a handsome
model boy, and he's wearing it, and he's got it, you know, slung to the side. That's cool. He's-
Where's it- Is it one of the ones that I picked for you? No, no, no. I- you- Travis sent me some
great suggestions, but I found a- I found a nice one. He also wears it like a sling bag messenger
bag over his back, and it's like, is that even dumber? Because I feel like if I wear a fanny pack
like it was a backpack, that's gonna make it seem like a big joke, but I did buy this. I just want
to have like a huge laugh at you, uh, and not buy one for myself because it's a great idea, because
god, that'd be very useful. Yeah, yeah. I sort of saw like certain places I should look for a great
fanny pack. I'll send you some links. I'll jokingly send you some links that I was looking at,
Justin, if you want. It'll be a funny, ironic thing, but also very practical and useful when
we're in the Disney. Um, the other thing that showed up is some Tevas, which is the kind of
sandals that, if they were still making, like, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids movies that Rick Moranis
would exclusively wear, um, they're the- they're the- just the- they're just boys. These are some
goof troupe, what are those geek shoes. They're really rough, but they're supposed to be really
comfortable. I got these, I put them on, and I instantly felt myself age 20 years, and I also
noticed that there's a buckle. I can't strap them on the right way and tighten them the right way
so that this buckle that's like on the heel isn't going to rub and give me blisters, and so I did
like do some googling about Tevas blisters, and a lot of people recommend that you do wear socks
with them, so I think I'm pretty much dead at this. I think I'm a dead old- an old dead man
and bad dad, and I don't think, um, I just- I- I just need to- this is a quick, I guess, brand update
that is, uh, oh, I'm old and dead. And you're finally a dad. I'm an old dead dad Bones. Essentially,
at this point, yes, a big walking skeleton dad who loves the eagles and wears Tevas with socks with
his- and when he rides a water ride on Disney World, I'll just ball up the socks, shove it in
my waterproof fanny pack, I have it all figured out. I am old Bones. That is a definite, uh, see,
I would never ride a water ride, and I think it's maybe- if I was doing kind of a new Jeff Fox-worthy
bit, if he was coming back for a second, like, you know you're a grown-up when, uh, you- people say
we're going on this water ride, and you think, I'm not going to walk around and squish your shoes all
the time. No thanks. No way. On earth, no thanks. There's another thing I got, and it's, um, a book
of sheet music for the adult piano classes I'm taking, um, and this is in the same package as
the Tevas and the fanny pack, and the book is called Adult Piano Adventures. So is it, like,
erotic piano music? Yeah, I used to watch a blurry version of that on Cinemax that my parents didn't
pay for. So just people asking me to, like, dab on them on Twitter just understand that, like,
my arm might go flying out of its socket and, you know, land in the crowd of the Doobie Brothers
concert that I'm at, because I can't anymore. He just can't. What are y'all's Disney World prep?
Because y'all have been, I feel like, more recently than I have. I don't know. I'm afraid I'm literally-
I- you google this shit, and it's supposed to be the most wonderful place on earth, and when you
google it, all you find is, like, 50 dad blogs of people, like, you're gonna fucking die unless you
bring these 80 things. You need a machete. You need some- you need twine. Put everything you own in
baggies, and then look for this guy named Duke. He'll know what to do. He'll know what to do once
you get there. Just start yelling for Duke, and if you see Duke, he's gonna carry you across the
front lines, and then after that, you're on your own. You're gonna have this one knife that you
can slip in your anus, and other than that, your life and death is up to you. And that has nothing
to do with surviving the park. That's just something you can do for you. I just don't- I don't- I see
the teacups, and I'm like, the teacups look fun, and it's like, the teacups will disintegrate your
bones, so start eating lots of iron now, and if you don't eat iron every day for 60 days before
going to Disney World, you can't ride the teacups. And it's like, wow, okay. Here's what they don't
tell you, is that when you walk into the park, they take a picture of you, whether you want
them to or not, and then they try to sell it to you. And when you leave the park, they give you
a grade on how well you were actually prepared for the experience. Right. And most people, F minus.
F minus. Well, with my Tavis, and my socks, and my fanny pack, and my adult piano book, if I can't
at least pull down a C, then what's- what's- what's the fucking point of all this? Here's the amazing
thing I've learned about myself in preparing for Disney. Um, when I was a younger, uh, man, I would
have called myself, oh, Travis, so disorganized. Travis is- is quite, uh, the messy, unfocused boy.
I find now, there is nothing I love more than a well-organized itinerary. I'm having so much fun
making plans, because I basically go- we go from Disney to, uh, Dragon Con, and then I go to London
Podfest. So I'm like, making like four different trips in one, and I'm loving it. The Disney
planning is really, uh, smart, because I went there, uh, last fall, and it's really smart,
because as soon as you show up, Mickey is gonna be like, haha, you made some plans, huh? Gonna fuck
them. And then he just fucks them. Yeah. Right there in front of you? Yeah, he takes your plans,
he tears it up into confetti, he puts it into a blender, he charges you 13 dollars for it,
then sells it back to you, and force-feeds it to you. Whoa. And Goofy watches, and like, I know us,
and there's- there's seldom a week- a week run where one of us doesn't have diarrhea. And that
happens at Disney World, and that seems like it might be the ball- that might be a death scenario.
It may be one of the rare times that those three diarrhea's line up at the same time. It's, uh,
only every three years, the total eclipse of the fart, and it, uh, it is gonna be- it's a big- it's
a big deal. And to happen that week, man, I- I can't even imagine. Justin, are you, uh, proud of
yourself? I mean, I'm an accomplished entertainer, a father of two. And you also just said eclipse of
the fart. That's what I want to know about, because I'm very proud of you. And now you've said it,
and for- and in grand scope of history, we basically said it at the same moment. If you-
if you take a cosmos zoom out on that to all of human history, we said it at the exact same
nanosecond now. So we're both equally guilty, I guess. I have a thing to- I have a thing to say,
and it's new. It's- A few words? Yeah, it's new, and- Here at the death of our show?
Well, no, it's new and good, and, like, I just thought of it, and I think it could be, like,
a- a funny joke. And sometimes we, like- and this is behind the scenes, but I will warn the
boys that I have a joke coming up, and I'll say it. If it's not good, we'll just remove it,
but I think this is gonna be a good one. And it's that I think I'm gonna need a vacation from this
vacation. I love that. Can we start doing advice? This is advice. This is a special email that
we're leading off with as a- a return. Our first ever two-parter. Our first ever, like,
serial-style cliffhanger. We'll have more on that in the next week's episode. We got a version of-
well, I'll read the original question, and then, uh, we'll follow up from there.
Hi, brothers. I work at a grocery store, deli, in a rural area, and a few days ago someone came to
the counter who I'm 95% sure is a moderately famous Hollywood actor. The actor is not known
to have a house- uh, sorry? No, you read that right. Okay. This actor is not known to have a
house about 15 to 20 minutes away from the store. I have to believe that that knot was a whoopsie
doodle that shouldn't have been in there. Right, because where do you get that- where do you get
that information? Like, how do you search that? Does this person- they're not known to. Okay,
because would you search does this person have a house 15 to 20 minutes of me driving or walking?
It's a very specific thing to say he doesn't do. Yeah, it's a wha- yeah, yeah. 99.9% of the earth
is gonna say no to that sentence. Is gonna- is gonna jive with that. Okay, anyway. It's not known
to have a house about 15 to 20 minutes away from the store. Now imagining a radius of like a 15
to 20 minute drive surrounding the store, like they live in- they don't live in this window.
They could be 10 minutes away, they could be 25 minutes away, we literally have no idea.
I will say that I- even Cincinnati I would not say is a- is a rural area, and even here,
if someone even- if a moderate, uh, moderately famous Hollywood actor even like rents an
apartment for a day, like everyone in town knows about it. So- all right, people are- people are
fucking dying because we haven't said who it is. Go. My question is this, should I have asked him
if he really was a celebrity and told him I like his work, or did I do the right thing by just
treating him like a normal customer? As well-known people yourselves, ha, do you prefer- I thank you-
do you prefer to be recognized as you're going about your daily business, or would you rather
be left alone to get your deli meat and peas? That's from Starstruckinthewoods, and it says
follow up, and here's what y'all been waiting for. I'm pretty sure it was Louise Guzman.
I believe he got some Black Forest ham. Thank you, I would have sent this fishy right back into the
sea if you hadn't said what kind of sandwich they were looking for, so. Very exciting. I think
it probably was Louise Guzman. Here's- okay, can I tell you my- I don't know the accent,
I hope I'm doing the accent right. Guzman. Yes, Guzman. Okay, here's the thing, I strongly feel-
I am- I think about this a lot. I think there are very few actors, performers, recognizable people
that I would recognize on sight without someone saying, that is blank. I think I'd know for sure
if it was Louise Guzman. Like, I don't- I don't think I'd have to ask somebody. You are so certain
of this, Travis. I am! Like, I'm picturing Louise Guzman in my head, and I've got a crystal clear
picture. Yeah. Just a quick update, he does live, according to his IMDB page, in Vermont, with,
quote, his wife and many kids. I hear you, Louise, you and me, buddy. I- okay, so I can- here,
let us personally address this, and I will be- and I think if you're a listener of ours, and on the
off chance that you should spot us in the wild at some point, I want you to remember this exact
thing I'm about to tell you. And I- I can't speak for everyone. I can't even really speak for everybody
in our, like, certain specific class of people knowing who you are, because it's a very specific
sort of prism through which our light has to be reflected, in which we look like actual celebrities,
like Louise Guzman, I would argue. But for me, if I'm just walking around and about, and somebody's
like, hey, you're Justin McElroy, um, I feel like, uh, pretty good. I feel like kind of a cool dude.
Yeah. Kind of a cool- kind of a cool person who's done some cool stuff and has cool people enjoying
what they do. It's a nice little ego boost, and if I'm with my kids, some people are like, oh,
you're with your kids. I can- they can stand aside for a second. They're always here. They're always
here. You're not. Hello. Hi. Thank you for this. Kate Welch- Kate Welch recently tweeted, uh,
that someone had tweeted at her, saying, I saw you, but I didn't want to bother you. You were
talking to your friends, and she responded, do you know how fucking cool you would have made me look?
Yeah. Every time. Like, oh, Justin. It's so choice. It's so- that's what you- you hope for.
There's a lot of things you can do, and let's maybe separate this from ourselves so I don't
sound, um, you know, shitty when I say this, but let's just say, if you do want to approach Louise
Guzman, there's a few things that you maybe shouldn't do, and that is, one is to not approach
her, but then do tweet later, like, I saw you. That's not good for Louise- I saw you, Guz.
I saw you, Louise Guzman. I, uh, I can- as long as we're- I did it just so it doesn't seem like
her to come down and harm anybody. Did this exact thing to harm our superstar once. Guilty. Yeah,
guilty. Um, saw him in the LAX bathroom. Uh, can I say, though, for me, personally,
I don't- if I wasn't 100% sure it's Louise, and I would be, but if I wasn't, I don't think I'd
pull the trigger on this one, because I don't think there's anything worse than, uh, saying
you think somebody's somebody and then they're not that somebody, especially- The only- Yeah.
The only way to kind of give yourself a little wiggle room out is just say, hey, I like your work.
Don't say a name and see how they- because if they look at you and go, what? Then you say,
never mind, I thought you were somebody else, right? But if you say the name,
hey, Louise Guzman, and they're like, who the f- I'm not Louise Guzman. That is- I think that
if you say, like, hey, I like your work, and they're like, oh, thank you very much,
then, like, it's probably Louise Guzman. I mean, in this specific one, you could just go,
oh, fuck yeah, Boogie Nights, and then if they're not Louise Guzman, they'll be like,
like, um, yeah, it's a- it's a pretty good flick. Yeah. Do you want to buy it? I've got a copy.
I have a copy of Boogie Nights. It's for you. I once did that with John C. Reilly,
almost called him John C. McGinley from Scrubs. No way, no how. I did that I- when I met my now
friend, um, uh, MC Frontalot, I told him how much I loved his work on Aqua Teen Hunger Force,
which is MC Chris. Oh yeah, it's a different dude. I've, uh, never made this mistake, but I've never
also talked to a celebrity, so I- yeah, it's going good for me in my life. If you're not,
here's what- here's- here's would be my one, uh, I don't know, thing that would hang on this.
The people that come out to us, and I think we're probably biased in this way, the people that come
out to us are fans of what we make, right? Like, because you have to seek out our visages, if you
would like to absorb them. You must seek out our visages, so you must be a fan of ours. Um, it sounds
like maybe you just kind of know who Louise Guzman is, and maybe you don't know exactly what they
look like, so maybe not the biggest fan. So it may kind of feel a little bit, I don't know, that may
feel diff- I don't know any people- I know what you're saying. Who are actually famous that we could
at- qual- qualify for this, but like, if somebody's like, hey, don't I know you from TV or something,
I feel like that might feel kind of weird. Like, that might be less enjoyable. I tell you, it- it-
this is like- this is like my number one thing, is I see, like, I've seen so many celebrities that
I'm like, I recognize your face from a poster, but it feels super shitty to just be like, let me get
a picture with you because some people not me know who you are. That's gross. That has actually happened
to us before when a crowd of people have been around us, and someone will be like, I don't know
who you are, but just in case, and they take a picture with us, okay? I feel like we should
apologize to those people, like, nothing will ever come of this. Yeah. Let me save you the memory on
your iPhone. Um, how about Yahoo? Yeah, yeah. This one was sent in by Merit Palmer. Thank you,
Merit. It's Yahoo Answers User. They are anonymous. I'm gonna call them. Wait, hold on. Did we give
that person concrete advice on what they should do in this situation, should it arise again?
Yeah, it's just yell boogie nights. I felt like that was good. Yeah. Okay. Um, this anonymous user,
I'll call him, uh, Ollie, asks, I just got hired at Starbucks, but I don't drink coffee. A friend of
mine told me the first day, I have to try all the coffees. Can I opt out? Welcome to Starbucks,
motherfucker. Open up. Here's the funnel. You're gonna hold this in your mouth and your butt,
and we're gonna start partying. Here we go. Now, this is the Pike Place Roast. Uh, this is very
good. This is the Caramel Macchiato. You're gonna love this. You don't love this? You don't love
this. Okay, well, you work here, so, love it. You have to love all this different, that's a lot of
different coffee, eh? It's like a lot of different coffee to try. Yeah, they have like four or five
different ones. At least, and in the fall, they have six or seven. Sure. This is a wild, mmm.
This is a, there's so many wild things about this. The first being like, this is definitely,
there is no, they don't jump you into Starbucks by making you drink all their hot, hot beans.
The other thing is, while you're working at the Starbucks, and I get it, times are tight, maybe
this is the only job you could find, but I can't imagine walking into a Starbucks and being like,
mmm, so what's good here? And the person saying like, nothing, coffee stinks, all of it stinks,
it's gross, yuck, yuck, yuck. Do you want a water? Do you want a water? We do some juice, okay.
This is a, this is a fun little language lesson, this question, because when your friend said,
you have to, did they mean like, oh, you have to try, or like, you have to try it? Oh, yeah,
I hate coffee. Oh, you have to try coffee? You didn't listen, you're not listening to me.
Is it going to be weird that you don't like the coffee at Starbucks?
It's going to be weird when somebody asks you what the best one is, and you're like,
I love this one, and it's kind of, it tastes kind of like dirt, and it's like, it's like hot,
dirt water, but like in a good way. Oh, so good, with just a little,
there's some pumpkin in there, I think. Oh, it's so crunchy.
Maybe the problem is that they drink it really fast, like right when it comes out of the pot,
and they burn their mouth horribly every time they drink it, and so in their mind,
coffee is a bad, coffee hurt. Coffee hurt.
Coffee bad hot, and does hurt on the mouth and tongue.
Coffee mouth. Yeah, and I don't think they know
that you can let it cool down, and you can add ice to it.
When I see someone drink fucking like right out the air pot coffee,
it is like I am witnessing Superman with bullets bouncing off his chest.
How, how, how do you, I get coffee and say, I'm going to enjoy this in 40 minutes.
Yeah, right, I'll have this later. This is for later.
I don't want coffee now, but maybe at 10 a.m. I will.
You know, I'm thinking about it, and when I declared my allegiance to the country's best yogurt,
I couldn't really eat much of that stuff because of my stomach shame,
and there must have been times where people asked me my recs, and I had to sort of lie,
and just be like, well, the cinnamon swirl is good.
It's my favorite. I eat gallons of it. I'm, when I'm feeling bad,
when I'm feeling bad, I will eat a gallon of this rocky road ice cream.
And it definitely doesn't give me diarrhea.
Yeah, my favorite thing about all of this sweet cream is that it doesn't make me tummy sick.
I like the idea of it. Do you see me y-employee
that just casually mentions that their metrics are in gallons?
Oh, uh, uh, welcome to Madison Robbins,
telling you what a flavor is. What can I get you today? What do you like?
Well, yeah, last night I ate about a gallon of chocolate,
so I can highly recommend that.
Gonna eat a, today for lunch, gonna eat a gallon of quarterback crunch.
So I'm feeling pretty pumped right now.
Can I ask you a quick TCBY hack that I've always wondered?
I would love nothing more.
Can I just get a cup of jimmies?
You can.
I mean, is Todd working?
Oh, if Todd's working, go for it.
I'd say this, as an employee of TCBY, I can have a cup of jimmies in the back room.
I can eat a whole cup of jimmies in the back room
in the one spot where the two security cameras don't see.
And it's right by the jackets.
I can eat a whole thing of cheesecake top crumbles
right there where the jackets are because there's two cameras,
but they don't see right there where the jackets are.
So I can hang out there and I can play Nintendo DS
and I can eat my cheesecake crumbles in peace.
And that's your time.
And that's Griffin's time.
That was the country's best yogurt's best corner
for eating secret cheesecake bites.
TCBYBC.
You're right.
It's a nail place now.
Yeah, it's a, yeah.
Still that corner though.
Still that corner is where the secrets live.
I have recently picked up skateboarding mostly as a way to get around faster.
I don't know any tricks.
That's not really my concern.
That's quibble.
That is your concern.
Maybe it does not concern you.
It would be under the category of your concerns.
Who this concern belongs to.
It's certainly not me.
It's not my concern.
If it's anybody's, anyway.
However, I live in Edinburgh, which has a lot of cobbles
and uneven pavements.
And pretty much once per day, I find myself completely eating shit.
Worse than the actual incident is when I have to walk awkwardly
back to get my skateboard, which has shot meters and meters behind me.
Who knows how far that is.
Sounds far.
Is there any way I can make the situation look any cooler?
Don't tell me not to just fall.
That's not an option I'm willing to consider.
It's from McFallen in Marchmont.
I mean, I got a suggestion.
This, guys, this is wild.
This is like saying I have this bike and I ride it to work every day.
But at least once a day, one of the tires comes off and I flip over,
end over end, and I land on my skull every day.
Is there a way to make my fall look cooler?
And it's like, you don't, you can't use this bike.
Any form of transit that involves you eating shit on the daily
is not an acceptable way to get around, I don't think.
Here's what you do.
Here's what you do.
First, you're going to need like, like a boogie board has,
like one of those like wrist straps.
Maybe extra long, maybe it's very stretchy,
like a long rubber band so that your skateboard can shoot backwards
and then return to you, perhaps fast, and in a painful manner.
And fast and in the teeth.
But why, if you feel yourself start to fly off your skateboard,
I want you to yell, I'm so sleepy.
And then when you land, just pretend like you're taking a nap there.
Yeah, that's good.
So you're skateboarding and somebody's like, do a trick.
And you're like, ha ha, I'll do it.
Aw, fuck, bedtime.
And then you just lay there for a bit and then pop up and yawn and stretch.
And then back, back to your ride.
I feel good.
All right, I would argue, Travis, as we had a lot of fun there,
but that does not get your skateboard back to you.
In fact, I'm pretty sure it gets it stolen and you're arrested as a vagrant.
Maybe tape it to your feet?
Here's what-
Tape it to your feet is good.
You know the child leashes?
That you tape on to kids?
Well, you don't tape.
You see, you said tape, it fucks me up.
But you like, you like tie them to your kids and it's like your kid can run,
but then it's like yank and they pull them back to you.
That is literally what I just said.
What?
That's literally what Travis said.
Yeah, but I have a different one that I'm going to do different.
It's a different style.
Oh, okay.
Mine's different.
Go on.
Okay, so what if it's like that, but it's made of Twizzler?
So after you do it, you could just be like, everybody might still laugh at you,
but then it's like, hey, can we all enjoy this together over some Twizzlers?
And then maybe they would not be mad at you because you got them that Twizzler.
Of course, it's perfect.
I'll tell you what you need to do is you need to pop off those little shitty tires,
I mean wheels that you have on your skateboard,
and you gotta put on some monster truck wheels.
Something that can really eat those cobblestones the fuck up.
Because if you can't find a non-cobblestone route on your way to work,
then I genuinely think you need either a new foreign transit
or just some real monster truck tires on your skateboard.
And maybe get an engine on there and get that-
That'd be good.
You got to have power.
So four big wheels, an engine, maybe get a windshield, some seats.
You have to get off to the races.
I'll tell you what would help keep your skateboard attached to you
is a seat belt attaching you to the seat of the skateboard car.
What if you got Nissan on there somewhere?
Right, Nissan right on the skateboard, yeah.
And windshield wipers because it gets rainy.
Maybe, here's what you do, right?
Skateboard on your feet.
Yes, yes, of course, obviously.
Skateboard on your hands and on top of your head.
So that way, as you're tumbling, now you're just doing a handstand and skateboarding.
You're not-
No, that doesn't work?
I'm hearing a no from Justin.
Can you, can you, can you, can you hire Tony Hawk?
Ooh, to skate for you.
Y'all listen, you feel a crash coming on.
And you try, you can try to make it look like a trick,
but you make your body go into a big bush.
And then a bunch of teens or construction workers
or students walking to class are going to see you point and laugh.
And then Tony Hawk wearing the clothes that you were just wearing
that you put on that morning comes out of the bush.
And he does a whole 900 and continues the skateboard.
And then people think like, wow, you're so cool.
Or maybe after you go into the bush and people start laughing,
Tony Hawk just walks up to them and says,
hey, don't laugh, everybody falls off their skateboard.
Even I, Tony Hawk, have fallen off my skateboard.
And then they feel really bad.
And they think maybe we're the accident.
Here's one I want to, here's one you could do.
You listen?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right, I just want to make sure because it's really good.
You could cover yourself.
I mean, really cover yourself in glow sticks
that you have to break to make work.
And then when you fall, just be like,
aw shit, folks, the party started.
And you'll be like, make sure to buy a Juicero.
That's right.
It's a startup promotion.
And they pay me to do this all around town.
And buy a Juicero and look by everything.
It's all glowing.
And then you can pass off the glow sticks to people
and we'll be like, instant party.
Just right there.
Instant party.
Yeah, that's good.
If we can invent some sort of impact sensing boom box
that you could also have attached to yourself
that when it could sense a quick shift in speed or momentum,
it starts playing LMFAO.
And then things really, really get going.
Yeah, this is good stuff, Justin.
Could we also do pinatas all over at the very least?
Wonderballs.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait.
Smaller skateboard in your backpack.
Oh, so if you crash, you stand up, you pull, you wait.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I got it.
This will work.
This will work.
You crash.
You lie there until people just move on.
And then no one will still be there that saw you crash initially.
And then you stand up and pull a smaller skateboard out of your backpack
and loudly announce, well, time to start skateboarding for the day.
I think that could fly.
Here's what I love most about that, Justin.
What you are envisioning is that I, a bystander,
would see a human fly off the skateboard and then lay still.
After a few moments, I would go, huh, and walk away.
It's a cynical plan, I admit.
It's a little black mirror for my taste, for sure.
I like to believe I would help the skateboard man,
but I know deep down I wouldn't, and neither would you.
No, I just assume it was a YouTube prank.
You're right.
Uh, let's go the money zone.
Wow, okay.
I mean, romance me a little bit with it, you know?
Whoa!
Yeah, you just sounded like a businessman, like moving to the next part of the-
I'll do a segway.
Okay, yeah, good.
No, he wasn't riding a segway, Justin.
He was riding a skateboard.
God in heaven, Trav.
No, that wasn't money zone worthy?
No, it wasn't fucking money zone worthy, bud.
You have to know that, right?
Well, like a segway is another thing you can ride and fall on.
I was trying to make it work in my head, Griff.
I couldn't, and I couldn't.
I know, Jesus, I was working on it too.
Travis didn't let that slow him down.
He just went for it.
I was trying to make it work.
It's a segway, you know, which is another means of conveyance.
He's explaining it so much, like that's gonna save it, but it's not saving it.
It's making it stinkier.
Because you would fall on a skateboard, or you could fall on a segway.
I might just fade this out.
This might be our first fade out, not hard cut, just fade out into money zone.
What if we scoot on over to the money zone?
Yeah, what if we...
More, more, more, more, yeah.
Because this is just getting quieter and quieter.
I started to...
Bowen Branch has a special message for you.
Okay, folks, they want to unite the world.
Now, what do I mean by that?
It sounds a little grandiose.
You know, there's so few things that unite us as a world, but you know what?
In the night, we're all going to sleep.
Not Batman.
Not Batman.
Batman is sleeping, though, at some point during the day.
When does Batman sleep?
Yeah, I don't think so, because he's Bruce Wayne during the day, Justin.
That's probably why he's so cranky.
You'll never believe this, honey.
Guess who I met today in a big business meeting?
Who?
Bruce Wayne.
How was he?
So tired.
He seemed like fucking exhausted.
I don't know how that dude's so rich.
Bowen Branch makes sheets.
Really, really excellent sheets.
Thousands of five-star reviews.
Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, and Fast Company are all talking about Bowen Branch.
The shipping, well, it's free, which is one of the lower prices
available to you as a consumer, and you can try them for 30 nights.
If you don't love them, you send them back for a refund.
But I doubt that you'll want to send them back.
There's no risk and no reason not to give them a try.
Coward.
Get you started right now.
Our listeners get $50 off your first set of sheets at BowenBranch.com.
Promo code, my brother.
Go to BowenBranch.com today for $50 off your first set of sheets.
That's bowl, B-O-L-L, and branch.com.
Promo code, my brother.
My brother.
I'm sorry I called you a coward, everybody.
You're not a coward.
You're great.
Do you want a Stitch Fix ad?
There it comes.
I get the Stitch Fix every month.
It's a box, and inside the box is five different clothes.
And sometimes the clothes are pants, and sometimes they're not.
It changes every time.
And you get a stylist, and they figure out what looks good on your bod,
and then you get, you're gonna get it.
And there's a little sheet of paper, and it shows you how you could maybe dress it up
to look like a, you know, like a mannequin at a store.
You know how you see them wearing clothes.
You're like, man, I wish I could put something together that looks that good.
They send you this stuff in the box, and I've gotten so many clothes like this.
Do you know what they do is really neat if you've been a member there for a little while?
They'll send you outfit suggestions based on some of the new stuff you're getting,
combined with old stuff that they know that you bought already.
So like old selections that they've already sent along,
they'll pair with like new things, give you some new altogether outfits.
It's really good.
I really like the Stitch Fix.
It helps make a, you know, style attainable.
Even if you're like me and you don't know anything at all about anything.
So you just go to Stitch Fix and you just, you're going to answer some questions about your sizes,
what kind of styles you like, your budget.
And then however frequently as you want these boxes to show up,
your personal stylist will hand select five brand new clothing items just for you.
You try them on and you only pay for what you keep.
And shipping is free both ways.
So go to stitchfix.com slash my brother and get started now.
If you keep all five items that you receive, you will get 25% off your entire purchase.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother.
I have a message here and it is for Elowen and it's from Emmett.
Emmett says, hi Smellowen.
Oh, right out the gate.
Well, that seems mean.
We'll see how it goes.
I hope hearing from the brothers is a sweet treat for your ear meat
as you collect little pieces of the street, which I know you do quite often.
You're my favorite human and a wonderful cat mom to Stacy,
even though he's turning purple.
Thanks for being a thoughtful, loving, emotionally intelligent partner.
Love, a good boy.
Okay.
See right there at the end, got very sweet.
Stacy's cat mom has got it going on.
Uh-huh.
All right.
She got a jumbo.
Oh, sorry.
She got an ad on the jumbo, John.
Yeah.
How many times can we do this song in the year 2018?
How many times?
Like through five?
I just want to know what the limit is before we do it.
I think there's a 10 reference max in 2018.
Hey, just read this next Jumbotron.
It's a message for Fidel.
It's from dad.
It says, dear Fidel, hope you're having a great big day.
May your chicken always be delicious and your gravy savory.
We'll always be there to scoop you into a family sandwich
or be a solid foundation that you can sit upon.
My love for you is only surpassed by my love for mom.
Burn.
Happy birthday, Fidel.
And to more adventures with Kelsey and I.
Love, dad.
This is all time best.
First of all, it was for January.
Sorry, we fucked up.
But holy fucking shit.
Your dad burned you to the ground, Fidel.
I mean, may your gravy always be savory.
The first line, y'all, hope you're having a great big day.
I don't know what that means, but it's so fucking good, Fidel's dad.
Scoop him into a family sandwich.
Yes, please.
A solid foundation you can sit upon.
Oh, so nice.
Also, I love your mom more than you.
Awesome.
I know.
Awesome.
Sorry, fool.
Knew her longer.
Anyway, that stems the breaks.
Without her, there is no use.
I have to like her more.
I can make more use with her.
So whatevs.
Whatevs, dude.
Here's a message for Kat, and it's from Max, who says, hello, my love.
I hope all is going well for you.
I mean, I should know since we live together now.
These past five years just keep getting better and better.
I can't wait to see what you do next, whether it's in entertainment, breath work,
or something I can't even imagine.
Like breath work for me.
You're unbelievable and make me smile every day.
I loaf you.
I loaf you.
I'm just going to go ahead and look at what breath work is.
I think it's like when people breathe.
It's like breathing therapy.
Yeah, that's good stuff.
Great.
Yeah, I hope things are also going well for you, Kat.
And maybe let's just take this moment in Kat's name to just like do a quick one,
a quick long breath.
It's nice to give listeners permission.
You don't have to make it a joke.
It doesn't have to be a joke.
I learned this on Daniel Tiger.
He said to do this every minute.
Podcasts.
Podcasts.
Podcasts.
There are audio programs that tell smart stories in innovative ways.
Using editing techniques like this, like this, like this, like this, but let's face it,
all that smart stuff can be exhausting.
That's where Stop Podcasting Yourself comes in.
It's so stupid.
It's just two stupid dinguses being dumb idiot jerks for 90 minutes.
Stop Podcasting Yourself.
The stupid show that smart people love.
Find it on iTunes or Maximumfun.org.
What?
I said, did you hear me?
I've never heard, what is this confused filter you've put on your guitar?
I want to munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
This is a short one.
Just kind of got out of my skin.
Chipotle to start testing bacon in September.
Fuck, I guess my question about this, we're going to get into it,
but where the fuck does Chipotle get off testing bacon?
Don't test bacon.
Well, I have two immediate thoughts about that.
First, I think Chipotle should maybe focus on really sticking the landing
on all their current ingredients,
vis-a-vis not making it make people shit themselves to death.
Like maybe lock those down.
Experiment with not poisoning.
Yeah, experiment with not mass poison the biggest attack on our country in decades,
but also like maybe this is why they have to test the bacon out.
Maybe they started doing the bacon and people started getting poisoned
and they were like, I don't know, guys, maybe it's us.
You know, this is the same chain that made a bunch of people butt sick,
and then they're like, this is amazing.
This is amazing, Chipotle.
What are you going to do next?
They're like, cheese sauce.
Read it and weep.
That's where we're at right now.
Chipotle's first big menu test in CEO Brian Nichol's tenure.
Brian Nichol must be a new CEO that is against poisoning people.
Shane announced August 9th it's piloting two new menu items
and promotions in select cities nationwide, et cetera, et cetera.
The first of these efforts is Applewood smoked bacon.
Chipotle said the product received a, quote,
tremendous response from customers at its next kitchen in New York City.
Sort of like a test kitchen, I guess, up there.
Sure.
This September, bacon will expand to an eight restaurant operations test
in Orange County, California before being considered for a full market test.
Here's what Chris Brandt, the chief marketing officer, has to say in a release.
Customers have always said everything tastes better with bacon,
and that's exactly what we confirmed in our New York test kitchen.
No fucking shit, Chris.
Yeah, dog.
Also, sky is blue, sun is hot.
We found customers added bacon to their traditional bowls,
burritos, tacos, and nachos.
Hey, Chris, if you give them a handful,
they would have added it to their Diet Coke, okay?
That's bacon.
And also they enjoyed new items such as the BLT quesadilla
with bacon, lettuce, tomato, top three ingredients.
I love it at BLT.
So totally craveable.
And grilled and cheese grilled to perfection.
Quesadillas are currently only available in the next kitchen, Chipotle added.
I can't wait before you get too excited.
That seems like the bigger announcement.
Yeah, I know I'm talking a lot about quesadillas right now,
but they are out of your reach.
We don't offer them, and I'm really sorry.
Right after that, they're going to go with nachos.
Nice.
Hey, Chipotle.
Why, why are you testing these things that will work?
Do you know what place has nachos?
Pretty much every place.
You know why?
Because they're pretty good and hard to fuck up.
Like, you don't need to test it.
Just do it.
If you want to put bacon on there, people want it.
Just put bacon on there.
It's fine.
But they're going to have, you know,
head chef Daniel Simpson at the kitchen.
He's like, let's get some tortilla chips.
Let's get some cheese.
Let's get some meat.
Let's have some lettuce.
Let's have some poison.
Time to put tomato.
Time to-
Oh, no.
I did it again.
Why do we keep the poison right next to the tomatoes?
Here's a little sub announcement they snuck in here.
Through September 20th, customers at participating Miami and Dallas locations can now get $2 tacos
with the purchase of any drink after 8 p.m.
These restaurants will also stay open later until 11 p.m.
to, quote, satisfy demand for food experiences outside of standard business hours.
Hey, does this franchise know how to party or what?
They are so fucking afraid to run afoul of anybody at this point.
What I love is that Taco Bell's like, what's up, doobie heads?
Come eat our trash food at 4 a.m.
Fuck the police.
And Chipotle can't-
Chipotle's your fucking RA who's like, we're up to 11.
Good job.
We're going to have marshmallows.
You're going to have a $2 taco experience outside the normal business hours.
Make sure you buy a drink.
Meanwhile, Taco Bell is like robbing the Wendy's next door, like kicking in the door
and stealing their money for weed.
I thought we'd get a little wild tonight and maybe at 10 30 p.m.
we'll put a handful of bacon on those nachos.
Just something new, a little risque.
Oh my, oh my.
So anyway-
This is a good one.
I have a quick, can I ask you guys a quick question?
Uh, sure.
Just, uh, real quick.
Travis, you look.
Uh-huh.
Just, uh-
Just say the riddle.
Just start doing the riddle.
I guess I was just wondering, I'm like a dog with a tail that wags and all,
but I am not a dog.
What am I?
Yeah, I mean, dog's the only one with tails, so shit.
Ah, what am I?
What?
I am a puppy.
That's pretty good, yeah.
So like, got you.
Very good, very good.
That's a good riddle.
Here's one.
Uh, current score on this one is 490 upvotes, 1379 downvotes.
What can be heard and caught, but never seen?
Hmm.
Hmm.
What can be heard and caught, but never seen?
A cold?
Hmm, interesting.
Griffin, do you have a guess?
A butterfly?
It's a remark.
You can't see a remark, I guess, is one thing.
Okay.
Like many spoken things, you can't see a remark.
Can't see it.
So like, any spoken thing, really?
Pretty much anything you would say.
I guess any audible thing, too.
Like, yeah, like any, pretty much any audible thing, I guess.
The sound of a bell, perhaps.
Um, all right, I'm done.
This is a new Yahoo.
I'm reading Yahoo now.
Okay, bring us a new Yahoo.
I just have to say one more thing.
I pass before the sun, yet make no shadow.
What am I?
The wind.
I'm pretty sure that's not accurate.
I have to give Phil 9 here, but I'm pretty sure none of that makes any fucking sense.
All right, S. Kirby sent this one in.
Thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user Megan who asks, and maybe this is a riddle.
Which soda stains car seats the worst?
The car seats are light gray, and I want to mess them up.
This is not to avoid.
This is-
Oh!
I see.
Yeah, I want to mess these gray seats up with some soda.
So how do I stain these bad boys up with the most stain worthy soda?
Hawaiian punch?
Do they still-
Can you get Hawaiian punch in a drive-thru?
I mean, maybe, but it's not a soda.
And the fact that it was ever available in that context is wild.
Frankly, then it's Mountain Dew Code Red.
You think Mountain Dew Code Red is highly stainable?
Well, it's got the dye in it, because it's not a natural red, friend.
It's a good point.
If you use like a brown, that could almost look distressed.
If the person had like a talented hand in the cleaning up of it, it could just look like character.
Whereas like Hawaiian punch definitely is going to look like red, just red.
Very obvious.
But the brown could also look like dookie.
And that's it.
What's up?
We got to talk about what's the worst stain.
Because if they make sort of an opaque white soda that you can put all over the seat,
I think you know where I'm going with this one.
Come.
Do you know what I mean?
And if they make an opaque white soda, and I'm thinking about it, what this would be,
and you spill this-
Like squirt.
Yeah, squirt might work, and you spill this all over the back seat, but like a huge amount,
then it's going to look like a truly just epic amount of jizz.
I would say squirt is probably going to stain the most.
Unavailable in any context.
That's also fair.
Here's what I would suggest.
Can you read the question again?
Are we going through a drive-through in this one?
Which soda stains car seat?
Nah, baby.
World's our oyster.
It sounds like this is maybe some kind of fun prank or terrible prank on an enemy.
I would say way more disturbing to me is if you found a way to just-
One, also let me tell you this.
Don't Google squirt to try to find out what color squirt is.
Bad.
Bad, bad, bad.
Bad, bad, bad.
It's not a good word on the internet.
Yeah.
Just the word squirt?
Just the word squirt.
But what I will say is if I periodically went out to my car to find that not only was there
a spill in my car, but a spill that stayed wet no matter how much I dried it or how long
it sat there, that would bother me the most.
So you're going to have to like just repeatedly pour soda on the seat until the person gets
rid of the car.
I just, we got to take a brief aside.
Because if you Google the word squirt-
Griffin, I told you not to.
No, I did.
It is mostly pornography on the front page.
And it's like, what if a child is looking for a new super soaker, but they get anxious
and they get overeager and they don't fill out the whole phrase.
And they do that.
Has the word squirt really just sort of-
It's gone.
Has the word squirt is just-
It's gone away.
I've never really seen a word go before.
Whoever is like the PR manager for squirt, whoever's supposed to be getting the word
out needs to do some brand management online to try to get that higher up on those search
results.
The weird thing about it is though, and this is very rare, I think in language, but if
you add gun, it gets a lot more kid friendly.
I don't know how many things you can say that about, honestly.
Squirt soda is not even on the first page of results.
It's not.
Yeah, no, it's all, all, all, all, all of it, all of it, all of it.
Coke black has not existed since OTT5 or OTT6, but that has to be-
It's up there.
Through history, one of the most highly staining sodas because it is like half coffee, half
Coke.
Should I buy an empty bottle of it on eBay?
The shrink wrap is like-
It's empty?
It's empty?
Yeah, but the shrink wrap, it's like, it looks really nice.
No.
No.
$12.99.
Yeah, but-
No.
Yeah, no, that's not a good thing to put money on.
Yeah, no, that's a good point.
I just wish it was full of Coke black because I love some of that wonderful stuff.
Coke black would probably stain a lot.
I feel like full sugar root beer would be very bad.
I'll tell you what's going to really get us there.
You know, Jones soda, they don't abide by the fucking laws that the rest of the soda
companies have.
You know, Jones soda has like a cummy soda for sure.
Why is it even so narrowly focused?
It's just the wildest-
It's really, it's just amazing to me how Griffin is quickly going back and forth between judging
the internet for taking the word squirt, but also is obsessed with finding the cummiest
soda.
It's just the, it's the wildest stain, isn't it?
Orbits?
Orbits.
Orbits would be good.
It's got chunks.
It's got chunks right in it.
Are there any sodas that you would be happy?
I think if someone spilled crystal Pepsi-
Well, cause they have it, then they would have some.
Yeah, then I could have some of it.
But it's back.
It's back in effect.
Do they make a soda where if I spill the cummy Jones soda in the back seat and get the funny
stain back there, but it lowers the resale value of my car.
And then if I spill, is there another soda I can spill on it that'll clean it up?
Like one that has like some-
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yeah, it'll-
Club soda.
Like an oxy-clean soda, which again, Jones soda might make.
Those guys are fucking out of their gourds.
I do have to say again, club soda, please do not add us.
Okay, thank you.
Club soda.
You remove stains with club soda.
It's not funny, but it's a thing that I think people would have said to us on Twitter.
No, you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
I don't think it's going to be power enough to get rid of all these cummy stains.
They're pretty deep in there.
Let's see.
Just like a Jackson Pollock painting back there.
Yeah, great.
Ah, fully so good.
Folks, we've so appreciated your patronage here at my brother, my brother, me farms.
We hope you enjoyed yourself.
And we hope that you're taking care of yourself and everybody around you that is within your
power to take care of.
You want to go see Schmaners at the London Pod Festival?
You can.
That's going to be happening.
That's a great picture, Trav.
Hey, thank you.
Who did that picture?
I don't remember off the top of my head.
It's great.
Thank you.
You can get tickets for that at bit.ly slash schmanerslondon.
Yeah.
And there's also a Cush show happening next month.
Bit.ly forward slash Cush September.
That was the sound of three S's.
Yeah, Cush September 2018.
Who's going to be at that?
Well, I can't tell you because that's the whole thing, but I can tell you it is
maybe my favorite lineup so far.
Don't do that.
It's going to make people feel inferior.
Well, it's really great.
It's one of my favorite lineups of all time.
All right, great.
I launched a new podcast last week.
It's called Positivatini and it's messages of hope, inspiration, and joy in 10 minutes
or less.
It's me and Amy Dallen and Erika Ishii and it's just like, you know, short episodes
every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday to start the day off with some like positive energy.
Positivatini.
T-E-E-T-E-N-Y.
Yeah, it's teeny.
It's a teeny positive show.
No, I'm sorry.
I stepped on a thumbtack and that's why I made that noise.
Also, at the New York Comic Con shows, I could tell you who's going to be there now because
we've announced it.
Some of the guests include Janet Varney, Paul and Storm, Jonathan Colton, Jean Grey, Samus
the rapper, and more and even more.
Clint McElroy is going to be there.
Brent Black, Courtney Inlow, Miles Luna.
It's a pretty sick ass lineup for the Travis and Friends show and you can get those tickets
at bit.ly slash McElroy N-Y-C-C and we're doing an Adventure Zone preview of book two.
It's me, Dad, and Carrie and that's hosted by Jean Grey.
You can get tickets for that at bit.ly slash Taz N-Y-C-C.
I'm going to be at Dragon Con here in Atlanta so like basically when you hear this next
weekend and also I'm doing a couple panels there and stuff.
You can find all that information on McElroyShows.com as well as information about the Sawbones
book event on McElroyShows.com.
Yeah.
Okay, send in your questions for Orlando and Atlanta.
Please, that's coming up this week.
Go to McElroyMerch.com to find all of our sick ass merch and you can order the Adventure
Zone graphic novel at TheAdventureZoneComic.com.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song It's
a Departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It is so choice.
Ten out of ten.
And I also want to thank MaxFun for having us on the network, MaximumFun.org.
Go check out all the great shows they have there like Stop Podcasting Yourself and the
Beef and Dairy Network and Switchblade Sisters and so many more at MaximumFun.org.
Do you all want that final yahoo?
Give it to me.
Yes, please.
This one was sent in by well a few folks.
Tommy Travis sent it in first, thanks Tommy, it's yahoo answers user.
Aris, who asks, is it true that some vegetarian won't even drive through a city if it has
the word ham in it?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And my brother, my brother may kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
It's new promo time, James.
What you got in that guy?
How about this, you need more black friends, Minority Corner, every Friday.
Uh, okay, but girl, that doesn't say anything about how we're a podcast that talks about
queer issues, race, politics, and pop culture.
Now it does because I've already hit record.
Oh girl, you so sneaky, you be Linda Trippin' me.
Minority Corner.
Learn, laugh, and play.
All from a perspective that's black, queer, and ladylike.
Because nobody puts minorities in the corner.
Every Friday.
