The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me and advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
Let me check the latest data from the five the polls the Nate Silver's. Yes
I'm Travis big dog who was who if McElroy almost forgot to say a dog thing. I do hear it
Yeah, he was talking about like Nate Silver and then he was like, oh shit, but I'd have to know Nate Silver's the name
Of my dog. All right, and I'm Griffin McElroy. Give me ten dollars
whoa
Look who's good enough to podcast when the time to collect the bill comes due
Yeah, yeah, the the little red hen. Yeah comes poking back around
Well, I don't think that's the moral of the little red hen Justin the little red hen who's too good
I always get that one confused. It is a grasshopper. Yeah, you know what I mean?
That saves all the seeds. No, no, no the grasshopper. No, the grasshopper does a bad job
Okay, who's the who's the kick-ass one? I think we can all agree on is that Griffin is the bad one?
I'm a shitty brother, and the other thing is that gas drops for my fucking fart balloon of a sign aren't cheap
So give me ten give me ten dollars listener. I'm coming at you with a different tone this year
I'm working on about two hours of sleep right now. Give me ten give me ten fucking dollars, please
Please give me ten dollars
Not Justin not Travis not max fun drive is not max fun drive related. Give me ten dollars
Griffin needs that ten dollars. I'll take five dollars from two of you. I need ten dollars
this is the max fun drive and it's time to
Stop stealing content. And that is that this is the FBI
Warning at the beginning of this episode if you're listening to this without donating to the max fun drive, then you're
It's a crime. It's a real crime wouldn't steal a dog
Then why would you steal it?
podcast
Maximum fun org forward slash join is the site that you can go to to finally
Make it real make it right make it right make it tight
I was all I have a new thing. Okay, make it real make it right make it forever. Oh
Oh, that's good. This is a lifelong commitment that we're making to ourselves and you have locked us into creating this show forever
We're locking you in. Yeah
For five bucks a month. You will receive not only the joy of supporting the shows
You love this one, but also you'll get so much bonus content that you will actually perish
Yeah, the the Sun will burn out before you have exhausted all this content. Um, yeah, man
You know, we should treat max fun drives more like youth church lock-ins where it's like
We're not leaving here until we feel the spirit move tonight
There's ten people in here who I know who I know are ready to make that commitment
You're ready to pledge their lives to my brother my brother and me
That's definitely not a weird vibe that people have accused us of leveraging for financial gain and we're gonna do show
But the thing is this there's never been a better time
To support the shows that you love and if you can do it, obviously
There's a lot of joking around here if you can't do it
I get it
But if you can get five bucks a month at ten bucks a month you get all that
All the bonus content plus a magnet
Come on
Join we need you. This is how we pay our bills and you heard about Griffin's son. He's got gas has the worst
Gas this child breathes and when we breathe air goes time to go to lungs so we can oxygenate the blood and keep the body
Pumping and when this little guy breathes, it's like to tummy town
We go to make more farts and burps to hurt the Sun to hurt the baby and keep him from the sleep
But I'm not talking about that today today. I'm talking about max fun driving what your support means to me
It's a man. If you donate five hundred dollars a month, you can name Griffin son. That's true
You do get the naming rights to that. I'm huge and you know, you know what I'm talking about right now
Read on me piss boys. Oh, man. We were just starting to get into a good mood. Come on
Okay, now here's what I like about though
There's many things that I like about this riddle can't talk about riddle.com for a second
Yeah quick cuz that we did a they shutting the heart down to our max fun drive
Bonus episode is us all mixing up the bits. We're all doing each other's bits
That's what you're all Bix factory mix up. It's fun and I did riddles calm
Here's a P and a lot of people been like riddles calm is so dope. Here's what you don't know about riddles calm
There is not a button on there. That's like sort by bad. Yeah, right. There's not a button on there
It's like trash rules only. Thank you. I have a comedy podcast. You have to read through a lot of fucking brain teasers
Yeah, get to the actual whatever the to get to the chaff to get the wheat out of there and find the chaff
You really have to go digging so I have
This was not user submitted. This was me. I did this
I put the work in so that I could do the deliverables for my brothers and it begins. That's me
Once upon a time as all good riddles begin once upon a time
John was walking in the woods to go fishing for some food but got lost but he got across an
Old house and asked the owner the owner invited John and they began to tell a story
The old man said once upon a time
Two best friends now you might be wondering at this point the riddle
No, those two once upon a times are completely unrelated
Once upon a time two best friends were on a deserted island. There was no food. So they began to die of hunger
They agreed to fight until one of them died. The winner would eat the loser and thus be saved besides
No one would ever know about that. They began to fight and finally one of the best friends won
Meaning that the other one was eaten and betrayed then John pulled out a gun and killed the old man at once
Why would he do it?
to eat him
for power
To eat him for power. If it's any other answer, then I feel like my time's been wasted
Justin
I said you get a magnet at ten dollars a month and it's it's not that it's an enamel pin and I'm really sorry about
That that's my riddle and I just solved it. Okay. Oh pretty good start for our literal first pledge break. I
Just want to mention that I but he boned it pretty bad
Like an immediate mess up now
Here's what I want to talk about in this riddle because the answer is the old man was the cannibal and I feel like in this
riddle John our hero makes a big old leap because the old man began by saying once upon a time and
Told what seems to be a made-up story about two friends on an island
Why is the other and then John leaves to the conclusion that even though the story began?
Once upon a time clearly this old man was talking about himself and needed to be shot
Yeah, wait. Yeah, that's a good point trap. Yeah, I think you really undermined this
Well, I'm starting to think these riddles aren't very good. That's my worry
I'm worried about it because it's like I'm it's hard not to look at all the other bits now that yahoo answers is
Falling into the grave right now. Yes. I travel be honest with you
Sometimes I worry that the riddles on riddles calm aren't great
Well, I hate to disagree with you Griffin because there is a voting mechanic on riddles.com. Oh, okay, and this one has
45 thumbs up and
47 thumbs down. So it seems almost pretty evenly split. It's pretty it's almost nothing
It's almost a nothing riddle. Well, there are folks you can't decide like, ooh, is this John?
Shooting an old man for telling a story pretty good pretty good riddle nice stumped me
Hey Margaret, you gotta hear this one
I didn't see it coming and then I guess I suppose in this story John eats him. Yeah. Yeah
Good times
Let's test. Let's answer your question. I feel like it's been so this first question from Tim here. Yes, it is Justin
What a treat for me. Oh boy. Howdy
Tim here
Probably the best local newsman. Oh, yeah, if I if I had to say mm-hmm
The broadcast Dave lavender takes tops like local newsman period right like Tim here if you're going broadcast Tim ears, man
I'm here. You know what? I one thing I'll say about Tim here places. He's Tim here
I read interview with him where they asked him what his greatest fear was
I don't know I've talked about this before but it's worth revisiting
I asked what his greatest fear was and you know, he said what nothing. Yeah, no fear Tim here
Let's see what's on his agenda today
Checking with no fear Tim here who loves hot sauce another thing about Tim. He's not afraid of the heat
Not afraid of the heat not not afraid of anything
Whenever I walk outside on a windy day, and you know, he's always out there walking that beat looking for scoops
The narrow casting happening right now is is it's basically just Tim here
I don't think the version of Tim here that I'm describing would even be recognizable to to some of his other WSA Z colleagues
so have I
Cuz I reference Bill Murray and that fool left in 2013 to go to Kentucky where all of our most hallowed news people go
To die. It's the elephant graveyard of Huntington News people
Man, I'm just realizing that Rob Johnson's gonna listen to this and get all pissed off
Yeah, okay. Well, you need to send in a question Rob. Step it the fuck up Rob. Come on Rob
Let's get it going Tim here is on the show now. Yeah now that Yahoo Answers is dead
We're gonna start a segment on my brother my brother me where we just talk about Huntington News anchors for an hour
It'd be fun. There's another fact about Tim here. He looks just like Woody from Toy Story
So much so that he used to wear a woody costume. I don't remember if it was on the air or fun
Justin had
All right here doesn't tweet a lot
These are just some Tim facts some Tim some Tim bits
Um just but you know get in man, actually, you know what now I'm looking through his history
It's more than I thought
His most recent tweet is r.i.p. Greg Jacobs aka Humpty Hump
So these he's he's a guy's thumb on the pulse. He does he's Tim here. I would love so here's a tip
What you're wondering the question? Yeah, I can tell already
But I clicked away from the page to look for more Tim your nugs
I know I gotta go all the way back to the question Tim bits fuck
obviously
Tim bits
Whenever I walk outside on a windy day I Tim here
Walk outside on a windy day particularly in the pollen filled days of spring and summer my eyes water
Other people walk by obviously think I'm crying
One older woman who was clearly moved by what she perceived as an emotionally distraught passerby
Actually went so far as to produce a handkerchief from her purse and wipe my tears
I'm given I've given serious consideration wearing a sign around my neck or perhaps a t-shirt with the emblazoned message
I'm not crying and that's from Tim. I'm not crying ear
It's at Tim. I know he's not afraid of emotion. Yeah
He's Tim
The only thing Tim is afraid of is lying to the people. Yeah, I've seen him
I've seen him talk about stuff on the news and he'll be like and the Highton Highlanders came back to win it
Nailed it though. We got a the Marshall thundering herd made quite
I
It's a lot about football
But they let him you know a lot of you don't know this
But if you're the anchor do you really care about one a lot?
They'll let you do it instead this nice because they don't make him do any of the sad sports stuff, right?
Or even the happy ones just the emotionally moving ones. Yeah, but he can be like, yes
There is a big ritual cult murder that happened in the park. Whatever whatever, but did you hear about these?
Um, I wonder if Tim realizes that um
Old women giving you handkerchiefs because you appear to be crying is not something that happens to us that are not TV news anchors
Yeah, that are not specifically Huntington's own Tim. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's a
Fair point Tim is like whenever I walk down the street eight people hand me bagels and wish me a happy day
Pretty sure I could be walking down the street openly saloping not just like and I think older women would think oh
He's probably on bath salts or something along those lines. That would probably be the vibe. I specifically will say this though
I will say this to Lynn credence to Tim's issue if I see Tim here
local news anchor Tim here
Wandering the streets sobbing to himself in my head. I'm like, what the fuck?
Oh, no on in Huntington some something really does he know that is there an asteroid headed right?
Yeah, man with no fear is crying. We're all doomed. Yeah, it would be terrifying lantern is crying. What's happening? I
Used to have this concern
when we used to go to church as kids and I would yawn so hard that my eyes would water and I wasn't worried about
People seeing me yawning. I was worried that they might think I was so moved by the sermon that I was crying and they would
Think did Travis do some bad shit. Did Travis about to recommit his life to the Lord for a third time. I
Did do it a second time because I liked the attention right? Well in the first one you were clearly faking it
Yeah, the first one didn't take off right? Yeah
You know what Tim? Here's what I would suggest. Just let this if this happens to you again
Just let people feel like they did you a solid. Yeah, you've done so much on you
Let them feel like oh, that was a nice thing
I did I did a good turn for Timmy or I hope you appreciated it
And then when you do the newscast later that day have their handkerchief hanging out of your sleeve
To show that you enjoy their favor that you are now doing the news for them that night, right? Like a jouster
Mm-hmm. Who has handkerchiefs old ladies? Yeah, and now Tamir. Yep. And now Tamir has her handkerchiefs
I heard that in his office
He nails up the handkerchiefs one by one as they're given to him much much like Willie Mays Hayes does in the the hit baseball
Movies major league. Yeah, I hear he makes a necklace out of really
Yeah, I heard he pulls them out of his sleeve one by one like a clown. They're all tied together
Yeah, and in the end his underpants. That's funny and sexy. It's funny and sexy
Rob Johnson the the floor is yours the this I I can continue to read Yahoo
For another like six days. I mean, I guess I guess there's no reason to not right
Let me say this Graham Roebuck sending a lot of goodens and a very sweet message
Well, thank you. Thank you Graham Roebuck for your for your service. This one's asked by Yahoo answers user William who asks
Why is there no big fruit?
Why is all why is all fruit small enough to hold with your hand?
I know we have berries and apples
But I think watermelons are the biggest fruit I know of and you can just hold it with two hands or one if you're strong
Why is there no big fruit now? Listen, there's gonna be some science folk out there like your Hank greens your Hanks green
Oh, we're in a tick tock is right now aren't we you search biggest fruit? I shit you not I
Shit you not searched biggest fruit first image Hank green superimposed in front of a picture of a water
Yesterday BB asked me how's lightning work and I pulled up a video and I was like, okay
I don't see any of Hank green stank on this any of stank green on this and
Then fucking right there at the end of the video executive producer Hank green. Oh
Like we're in a tick tock of his right now and he's just like
He's probably using this audio and being like
So Hank green is gonna tell you that the problem is is that the fruit gets too big it falls off trees
Well Hank green counterpoint. Why don't we have bigger trees then? Yeah. Yeah Hank
Stronger trees. Give me some virile trees trees where the branches bend down all the way down to the ground
So the fruit can just sit on the ground and hang out and then when the fruit falls up the branches whip way up high
In the air and gives a bird a scare. Yeah. Hey crank green. That's good
What about pumpkins? Yep. Hey, hey Hank. Did you forget about?
When you gave us this answer that we imagined a few seconds ago remember when you Hank green said that
Yeah, or Travis attributed that to you and what about the fucking ground Hank?
So I guess it's not on the ground Hank. It's not about trees. Is it Hank?
Hey teens following this guy. This is this is I've revealed the curtain and you could see the wizard behind it
It's just a it's just Hank green lying to you about fruit. He's guessing about fruit
He's guessing about food. He forgot about
He forgot about fucking pumpkins so embarrassed for him in that imaginary
response Travis attributed to him and so that I mean that's the thing is like there are some fruit this big like
Pumpkin pumpkins is big huge. You kidding me. What about durians? I've never seen one in real
Jack fruits a big boy Jack
But durian stinky not big. Thank you for it. There's but there's a cap on it, huh?
And the cap is pumpkin that we wear but here's the thing
I've seen some fucking big pumpkins not in person mind you but in pictures
No, I know maybe they're photoshopped
I don't know but like there's a variability in the size of pumpkin you never been at travel you seriously never been to the
You never been to the pumpkin festival? No, I went but I specifically didn't look at the big pumpkin because I was afraid
I was afraid yeah, he'd get trapped inside of it. It's a completely legitimate fear
But I think it could spontaneously like roll on to me, you know, right and he would yeah you die
I think that the question we're really asking here is why is most fruits so small? Yeah
Cuz bird is small
Birds so wait what cuz birds is small
The birds gotta eat the fruit and then poop out some fruit birds don't eat fruit
Birds eat worms some birds do fruit birds eat worms and birds eat crackers. That's true. Fuck. That's a good point
What about lemurs Griffin? Yeah lemurs do love it. I lemurs are like the birds of monkeys if you think about it
How do bananas know how big to be? I guess as they look at the other bananas around. Yeah, it's all comparing
And that's what's so harmful as they see a lot of pictures and magazines of
Bananas that look a certain way. Yeah, and they think that that's gonna be see now
I wish my last name was green because sometimes I ask questions like that and I want sort of an erudite
discussion about it and but you wish we hadn't gone so hard on but then Travis says stuff like
The banana looks with its banana eyes at the other bananas and feels banana peer pressure to look like the other bananas
Well, no, I hold on. I didn't say the banana peer pressure thing. That was Justin
I said they look around and that lets them know how big regardless like neither of you came at me with that
Er that good heat that like I know I just happen to know. Oh, that's funny. You asked that I happen
No, you guys have never ever once said to me. Oh, it's funny. You asked that Griffin. I know exactly
I don't think about something. I know great. You always ask shit. I don't know
Ask me something I know right now right now ask me something, you know
I know is it bad that I can't think of anything Wow
Wow, pretty bad. There's things
Wait, hold on Griffin. You know me right? Yeah, but like I don't know what you know
Huh? I cuz I feel like you sort of float through
Through life. Yeah on a little cloud. Yeah, and it's like the thing in Mario Brothers
Trav, what's the big what when you start?
Blacksmithing what's some of the early stuff that you'll learn? What are some of the first skills? Oh, thank you so much Justin
You will learn you should say
No, I just Travis just to take again. It's a it's funny. It's funny. You asked that it's funny
You asked that hey teens. It's me Travis McRoy your favorite brother
It wasn't blacksmithing, huh? Well, I
Realize me. I got a taper. I mean you don't it's the energy is so off
I'm trying to match Hank Green's energy. He doesn't go
It's oh you want to know about the biggest fruit
Okay, to be fair in that specific video John Green is choking him out that does happen a lot
I will say this about those two. I wish they didn't fight as much like physically fight
Yeah, it's very upsetting like her green will be doing a video about like, you know
I don't know like why tornadoes happen and suddenly John Green will just karate
Like fucking spear him into his computer and break it. I saw John Green speed bag Hank Green's butt once
Yeah, but like you know what
fucking glass houses
Yeah, we should be back. We speed bag each other's butts on camera before. Oh, yeah all this time cuz we're
We're brother. We're Brascal boys. Yeah, and boys punch butts boys Brascal boys punch each other butts
Yeah, those little rascals love punching butts
Just want to slide in here real quick. Sorry past us for interrupting, but we do want to take a second. I'm not sorry
Talk to you about the maximum fun drive
we do it once a year just for this little bit of time and this is the time of
the year where you get to stand up and say hey, I
I
like this
That's what joining the maximum fun network really is
It's a way of planning your flag of casting your vote how whatever metaphor you want to use but saying like hey
I want this to keep happening. You pledged just five bucks a month and
Or more ten twenty, whatever you could spare whatever the show means to you. I don't know what it means to you if it means
Something to you. We really could use the support at maximum fun org forge join
the vast majority of your donation goes to the shows that you listen to and a portion of it goes to maximum fun to
you know pay for
organizing the network and doing stuff like this and
Lining up advertisers and and and all kinds of great stuff that maximum fun
does so
We we treasure
every buck we can get and we really do put it to good use and
Not only that you get rewarded for that support and not just like that warm fuzzy feeling and getting our heart though
That is pretty great. I love a warm fuzzy feeling in my heart unless it means I'm having a heart attack at which point now
I am concerned but for the $5 support level you're going to get access to over 200 hours of bonus content
Including like every past max fun drive bonus every leg max fun day bonus everything
There's so much there including new content for this year and I loved the episodes
We record we did like a bit switch around a segment switch around
There's stuff from saw bones and wonderful and shmanners and adventure zone everything now for $10
You're going to get your choice of an enamel pin
there's I think 38 show specific pins to choose from and the bonus content for
$20 you get the enamel pin you get the bonus content and
There's this really really cute tea kit to give you a little tea break in there
There's all kinds of stuff folks and I want you to check it out. All right, because you're great and you deserve the support
Well, you deserve the reward you get what I'm saying
and it helps us out it helps you out it keeps our show going and we really appreciate it and
You know, we also know that not everybody is able to support and that's fine, too
You can still do your part by sharing that link maximum fun org slash join
Telling people about the fact that max fun drive is going on why the shows matter to you all that stuff
So please if you can maximum fun org for its last join and with that said, let's get back to the show
You
Speaking of max fun drive, perhaps we should reach for the star Wow
So you're doing a lot of hits well, I just wanted to make it feel special
It's our first max fun drive episode and I went to bring the I wanted to bring the two of my bits that people seem to like
Please okay. What's that? Travis? No, I didn't I wasn't going to editorialize in any way
I just want to hear the this segment. Okay, so I will read
some reviews left
With with a certain amount of stars. These are all four and five star comments. Oh on on a product on
Amazon I will read you those comments and you guys are going to try to guess what that product is first comment Wow
It works did a good job cleaning out the gunk and earwax
Is it one of those earwax cleaners outers?
Like one of the things it's got a little camera on it
I see him I get Facebook ads all the time where it's like hey you dirty fuck
Get check out this big nasty glob. You can pull out of your human head man. Facebook has you pegged, huh?
Yeah, it does. It knows that I remember. Yeah, you coming a mile away. All right, Justin guess
No, okay
Second comment boy was that not the answer? No, that was not the answer Griffin
No, that was it. Do you think that I would be like guess the product?
Anyways, it's the thing that cleans out you know, come on
The best thing to clean up ears is caps of BIC pins, but I'm assuming it's not BIC pins
That is visceral what you just said
My wife's a doctor I can't be wrong
Okay used today on a two-mile swim works great and forms to my ears
Keeps water out and dries to use multiple times kids. Don't try this at home
Only adults can stick things in their ears. Is it a wax product? Is it wax some sort of ear?
Wax that you use to protect from swimmers ear incorrect. I'm starting to think that people are not using this
Object. This is like an off-label usage. Yeah, it's like floam or some shit
Okay, or you know how you can smoke flow. Yeah
incredibly high and then you run down the street saw
Okay, I burst my eardrum back in March and my ENT recommended this of all things to use as an earplug
Because it usually stickiness to stay in as opposed to having to be shoved down to the ear canal
This was a great bang for my buck. Oh my god. Is it like silly buddy is silly buddy Justin
So flow wasn't even that far
I've holy shit really was silly putty pack of six Justin
This is a weird reach for the stars were actually come out a little smarter. Yeah, then I went in because this is a whole
World that I did not understand. I don't know about I mean, I guess it makes sense right silly putty wasn't it invented?
To be silly putty, you know what I mean? So why wouldn't it be?
Uh, why wouldn't it be an ear an earplug thing now?
And so just just a guy trying to make fake rubber made silly buddy
He also made great earplug thing here
There are four more quick comments here that I I just I had one first one
received on time and they are a crowd pleaser and
That makes me think that perhaps for a feature live shows
I see on jokes fucking hand out some silly putty. It makes me think that the crowd you hang out with sucks
These three comments these were reviews left by three different people and I at three different times I cannot stress this enough
I'm going to read all three of them. It really is silly putty
It's putty. It's silly. Yeah, silly putty. It is right there
That last one's silly putty. It is tribe. You should have read us one of those ones because it'd be easier to
Yeah, but I thought that might give it away. Yeah, was that the only one? Yep. Oh, wow. Okay. I like that Travis
That was your best reach for the stars yet. I would say yeah
Well, you don't have to sound
Hey everybody we don't I wouldn't normally highlight this but halfway through the episode
We had to take a break and then pick it back up
The next day and now I'm having my coffee and the sun is shining and I'm wondering and I I want us to really think
About it. Did we go too hard on Hank Green? I
Yeah, yeah in the light of day. I feel like I think I called him. I
Think I called him spank green. There was definitely crank green was in there stank
Green green is libelous and I feel to fucking like he's he's been nothing but very kind to us
Just like he's always been so nice to us and like we've worked with him on stuff a lot. Yeah
And like I've texted him as a human. Oh, yeah, he's a power a lot
Good is a good person and I don't know why I call him crank
Yeah, we were really hard spank green
Should we say up to me? I think you know what?
I think part of it is is cuz he had YouTube and he took tick-tock. Yeah
I think that if I'm being honest about it now in the harsh light of day, he did have YouTube already
Then he took tick-tock and he doesn't seem right
He did try to come he and John tried to come for brother podcasts, which yeah did feel a little you know
What now I'm actually coming back around the other side. Yeah
Yeah, he and his wife then also tried to do like married couple like podcast also kind of our thing
Just like crank. That is a real crank move. It's a real crank move
Yeah, real crank move crank. Okay
I'm back around. I'm back around. All right, good. Well, I'm glad we put left him right in this place
What do you want another question? Yeah. Yeah, my morning brain is ready for a question
Yeah, this is a new day
Like we're now imbued with the knowledge of what happened yesterday and spoiler alert is pretty similar to the 300 plus days before
But all becomes a blur did have some new releases of the circle
Hey, can we take another break and come back then in like an hour so I guess go to question three J man
Computer computer execute question three
I don't normally work that way where it's sort of like you call the shots and I I know but it's a new day
It's a new day. Okay, my roommate works at Harris Teeter. Oh, man. I love a Harris team. Oh, yeah
I do not know what this fucking name if you got to get down to the beach with this man Harris Teeter down there
Oh, they got everything. Oh
Boy, I love a Harris Teeter. Okay, my roommate works at Harris Teeter and about a month at man
I hope there's tea every time I express affection for something
I'm so ready for somebody be like actually they put pigeons in the furnace every morning to start the electric
That's like something it's just something about a month ago
Okay, so my roommate works at Harris Teeter about a month ago who shows up at her 8 a.m. Shift, but Bill Murray himself
I'm guessing they mean of stage and screen and not Huntington's own Bill Murray
We did talk about other Bill Murray now Kentucky's right
Kentucky at this is Hollywood's
Bill yeah, as he's known the other Bill Murray the Garfield
Struck up a casual conversation with her and asked if she went to a school nearby
After confirming that yes, she does and she lives on campus. He asked if she had a car to drive to work
Unfortunately, we're college students who spend the majority of our income on to Tina's Pizza Rolls TM
And so she always walks as he finishes ring amber groceries
He pulls out his wallet and hands our roommate a $50 bill
He tells her to put it towards a bike fun. She did not buy a bike
Instead a week later. We used Bill Murray's hard-earned money to buy a kitten. He was on sale in her defense
He does not have a tail
The prosecution rests
What should my roommate do if Bill Murray comes back and ask about the bike?
So sorry if you hear this bill now, this is interesting, isn't it?
Mm-hmm, because here's the sequence Bill Murray said hello. Do you have a car and
And I'm not that directly
Because that does feel like a setup for something. Hello. Do you have a car and the person said no
I take a bike and decide the person said no I walk and Bill Murray said here's $50 buy a bike
It's like well, why don't I is I'm sort of fun anyway
Yeah aspirational why I go and put this towards, you know a car fun or maybe perhaps even a Vespa fun
Well, I think Bill wants to feel like he's made a significant contribution to your transit fun
That's right and $50 towards car is not as impressive as $50 towards bike. Yeah to scale that back
Let's see. How much is the car? He's gonna get a used car for like $5,000, right? So 50
Used car for $5,000. Well, that's what I mean. I'll rely Craigslist
You pride to find one for free if you're willing to get in the carburetor a little bit get elbow deep
Hey, let's hey what Bill Murray should have said was here's $50 buy yourself a really nice bottle of wine
Oh, doesn't that seem more charitable that doesn't that seem nicer? Yeah
But that's the way both the way you said it and buying someone is a lid a little creepy a bike
Oh, yeah, but he's Bill Murray
He defied he defies that like and and defines that and defines that it's enough of a cultural legacy
Hey kid, buy yourself a bike though feels like a cool move. Hey fucking cool. Hey, man
Get yourself like but actually I guess what he was doing was hey, here's like 10% of a bike. I
love
$50 I
love
$50 $50 who's on that way highlighted before that? That's that's that's a good
You belay video. That's awesome. Well, it's I mean it's up to 70 now in this fucking generation
Cash bandicoot. Yeah
Rats you motherfucker got like ratchet and crank
Green
anyway
$50 I love it. I love it. I love it
But if Bill Murray gave you $50 isn't there a part of you that's like I don't want to I want to frame
This frame. This is my Bill Murray $50. Well, that's the thing right is a part of a bike
That's fine, but Bill Murray paid for this cat. That's way better a good and I hate also
Excuse me question asker
How in the fuck are you gonna tell us you got a cat and not tell us what the name of it is?
Yeah, because if it doesn't relate to Bill Murray in some way they'll hurry Bill Perry Bill Perry Bill Perry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry
Sorry, sorry, Bill Perry. Can I just actually did you have a little lag Justin because I did say at first I
Literally, I'm sitting here
I do not know which one of you said at first because of internet latency
But I also want to say that there's probably a whole Garfield vector that
Just completely did not want to explore and this is also one of those moments where I feel like I just want to rattle off
Anyone I could think of so nobody tweets later like I can't believe you guys didn't say like Bill Perry Bill
Hurry, I mean no worries like so it's predetermined. Yeah, it's that good
You know, it's a dope name for this cat that Bill Murray paid for is you call him Lorenzo musics Garfield
Lorenzo music is one of the great names. Yeah, powerful
Wait, hold on wait, I had a follow-up. Why do cats go on when do cats go on sale?
I guess if it is when they lose their tail in their 10% off. I guess so. Is that what happened?
No, I mean if you take ten if you if a cat loses tail that cat is 10% off
That's what I'm saying. So it doesn't make sense that you would have a value a value deal. Hmm
Hey, did you know that Carla music from Bon Appetit is Lorenzo musics daughter-in-law crazy, huh? Thanks Wikipedia
Now Griffin, did you hop on Wikipedia real quick to see if Lorenzo music was incredibly problematic
No, I just wanted to see some cool pictures of Lorenzo music
Okay, and I didn't I achieved my goal and I walked into you guys confuse Lorenzo
Music with Lorenzo llamas probably never it's probably okay. Cool. Cool. Cool
Hey, it's us again your old buddies your old begging buddies. Oh boy
Justin Travis come to your hat and hand saying hey
Hey, are you enjoying this? Is this good? Do you like Griffin's too proud?
Griffin's too proud and too busy caring for an infant. That's another thing false
You know, these babies don't feed themselves. Not yet. Eventually when they get older they will they will but they need you to
Spring into action to buy all the different baby. It's been too long since I've had baby, you know babies
Hey, no, but for real listen jokes leave the room get out of here jokes
Yeah your jokes over the years your support has allowed us to do things like focus more on merch, right?
If you've noticed that we've had more and more merch
It's because we were able to like work with designers and spend more time focused on that
If you have noticed like the shows have been sounding a little bit better, maybe a lot a bit better
We've been able to hire an editor because of your support
There's just things throughout where we've been able to kind of make the shows better
Make them more of a focus for us
Make sure we don't miss episodes when when we can all of that stuff tour when we were able to all of those things are
Because of the support you shown us over the years. There is a direct improvement. Just listen
Well, don't listen to the first hundred episodes
But the audio quality from no
But the audio quality from then to now is because your support has allowed us to get better and better equipment and it's just all
Of those things, you know, the world can be tough sometimes and sometimes you wake up and you think I don't want to be funny today
I don't be creative today, but then we know you're all out there depending on us to make these shows
You're supporting us and we're doing it, you know, we're making these shows for you because you matter to us
Just like we hope we matter to you
Well, that's beautiful Travis and that's a beautiful sentiment. Also, you're gonna get gifts
Yeah, that's it, you know five bucks a month. You get 200 hours of bonus content wild stuff wild stuff
We did a mix-up bit thing where we all did each other. It's why there's video stuff in there, too
It's all over the video stuff in there. There's you know, if you can do $10 a month you get and all that bonus content
Plus an enamel pin so cool
Pitch any show you want you match my show you want whatever they don't care
I'll make a pin out of anything these days take a minute tea kit
that's a $20 month the diamond friendship circle and
That's a great way to relax on wine get a little bit of tea and a pin and the bonus content
I know that it's not like you're not buying these things. Remember, this is just our way of saying
Thank you, because what you're really getting is the satisfaction knowing you're supporting stuff you like and putting good stuff
I think good stuff out of the world
So thank you so much maximum fun dot org forward slash join if you've never joined before and you're able to do it now
We really would appreciate it and and I don't like doing this
I kind of do. Okay. Well, yeah, it just gives you a moment to talk to the people directly
I do want to say just like two more things one if you're already
Supporting max fun. Maybe this is the year you consider increasing that support. Maybe you've listened to more shows
Maybe you found that our shows are holding a more important place in your heart and you want to reflect that in your support
You can do that too. You can upgrade your support level or if you want to give a little bit more
But you're not ready to move up to the next level yet
We totally get that too you can do that as well at maximum fun dot org slash join
But the last thing I want to say is if you think this sounds great if you want to do it do it now
It's so easy to think about it and then like 20 minutes from now
It's completely out of your head and then pretty soon the drive is over and you missed your chance to get these rewards, right?
So if you're thinking about it right now
maximum fun org slash join
Justin did you have a transition?
I want a munch squad
I
Want to munch
Welcome to Munch Squad, it's a podcast within a podcast look brofiling the latest and greatest in brand eating
Um, it's not for a second there. Like you said brofiling. It did sound like that and I like whoa, that's good
Actually, let's use that. All right
Oh, that'll be that'll be the name of our procedural like show like they're the bro filers
It's bro filers three brothers that can kind of figure out why someone would do something. I
Almost feel Griffin. Did you listen last episode? Did I listen? What? No, I didn't I haven't listened to it yet
Fuck D. So like you just completely miss the fact that no it's back
the no it is
Then what sense is the no I'm well great. I'm glad Jean was there for this moment because Jean is
An important person to me and a wonderful person
I am also heartbroken that you were not there for the news story that the fucking just the noise
I can't sum it up real quick though Griffin. Yeah, there's a new
Computer car that delivers pizza noise and the noise back
He's fighting robot and the noise is fighting the robot car that delivers pizza
Yeah, the noise is fighting robot pizza delivery robots. He's back and he's doing I got a no it shirt
It's not me. Did you I did it got it nails very good delivery then I
Man, I love my new son, but the fact that he kept me from this. Yep exciting announcement
That's there's that's not even what work cuz we've already actually did all the jokes about it
Oh, I'm Jean actually came up with like better ones probably yeah
Then you then you may have but I just want to give you a quick
quick CBD update
wings over
Which is the name of a place has a new CBD infused menu for 420. Oops missed it
But this new flavor is sticking around it's garlic parm with CBD
Why garlic parm like chicken wings?
Well, it's a garlic parm sauce that you can put on wings tenders and tots
But it also it's CBD. It also CBD garlic parm will get you
Mondo
Fucked up, dude. It won't
But why but why because CBD and parmesan tots, I guess
Yeah, but at a certain point like if someone said here's some parmesan sauce and I crushed up some ibuprofen
I wouldn't want that either
What a delivery man this is headache this is headache destroying Buffalo barbecue
It doesn't make sense and some things don't need to go in things this you know
This new game boy brushes your teeth while you play it. I don't
If you eat a little bit of hot of your Honda Accords tires, it's also Claritin
That's good, but why if your allergies are bothering you just get out there and on your tire the same what we're fucking talking about
Cuz that is not the news right now
The news right now in the world of QSR is everybody's every every's plant-based. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I love it
Yeah, everybody's plant-based you like you know their salad or like a tomato
No, sir, this is plant-based
Taco Bell, so, you know that this is the end point of the whole trial Taco Bell is testing a
proprietary
boldly seasoned plant-based protein meat
The cravatarian taco feet it's and it says here in parentheses sounds like vegetarian
Oh now listen, there's probably somebody in the executive board
Who read that word and thought it said cravatrain and they needed a minute
They need a special helper to help them
Like the original crunchy taco supreme. Uh-huh. This take features shredded cheddar cheese
Crisp lettuce diced tomatoes and reduced fat sour cream served in a crunchy corn shell
Thank you, by the way for reducing the fat in this sour cream. I have a bunch a big spring in my step now
Except now fans can experience Taco Bell's beloved taco in vegetarian form
The cravatarian taco is currently testing at only one Taco Bell
Oh, wow, that's at 14 o 42 Red Hill Avenue, Tustin, California
until big market big market why
Why would you put out a press release to say that if you go to this one bizarre-ass Taco Bell in a Californian city?
They'll they'll serve you a vegetarian talk like that's why why does everybody need to know that?
Well Justin they put out press releases when they open that new Guardians of the Galaxy ride at
Disneyland and there's only one of those
Yeah, that's a good point. That's almost a good point. It's like glances off being a good point. And I would also wager that this
Proprietary Taco Bell turbo fake beef is gonna send you on a roller coaster ride of a different kind
Hi, I'm turbo fake me the newest American gladiator
Set a fucking land speed record cruising through your gut
I
It's gonna make a new in between your intestines
The cravatarian taco is just one output of
Taco Bell's innovation team as they've been busy making good on the brand's continued commitment to provide vegetarian options in
2021 if you're keeping track so far that includes one vegetarian taco in California
So it's going pretty good for me. Yeah, I guess hey, you guys are still working on that, right?
It's in
Tustin did you just make up a name? No, I'm sure no
It's cuz your name is just your name's Dustin and I think you just said
your own name
The term cravatarian it feels compelled to outline here is
Inspired by all of Taco Bell's craveable options. Yeah, and it emphasizes how no one should have to sacrifice
Bold flavors for their lifestyle. It's okay
It's fun to see the marketing person get their hand on the ball who came up with that term
Like tell him how I thought of it. Hey, tell him how I thought it craved it. No, I think they'll get it
I think Craig it's right there. No, but tell him cuz I'm like, this is the best thing I've ever done
You have three kids Doug
This is my fourth kid the cravatarian taco the Crava trip
You know what? You actually said crave a train and I think I like that better
Too late to dammit
So that that is huge news. If you are near Tustin
Then mail us one guys can get is there time for one is there time for one more very brief?
Yeah, there's always time del taco created a Mexican pizza ghosted support hotline. Wait
For the past several years the concept of ghosting
When someone cuts off all communication without explanation, thank you so much has become an everyday phenomenon
Not so much an everyday phenomenon
I might editorialize that they don't have to parenthetically describe what the term means in the press release
But no trust us
It's an everyday phenomenon more than a year ago a certain tostada like menu item
described as a Mexican pizza
Disappeared from a major Mexican fast-food chain and fans took the social media and other do you see what's happening?
Yeah, and other online platforms on moss to air their grief. No, no
If they're airing their grievances about the Mexican pizza, I assume it is in the form of farts
the request went unanswered leaving hundreds of thousands of consumers hangry sad and
ghosted
Okay, and so now a year later
Yeah, Delta del taco restaurants with breakneck speed has is offering emotional and culinary
Support to all those disappointed fans via a Mexican pizza ghosted
Support hotline at one eight seven seven three ghosted fans can call the line
24-7 Wow that persistent availability. I assume is
Important because you never know when the grief of the Mexican pizza will hit you you can call 24-7 to receive guidance
inspiration and a resolution for being wronged in the form of an exclusive promo code for a buy one
Crunch Tata get one free from del taco
through
May 20th, can I just say?
we you have been doing bringing to us these months cards for quite a while and like sometimes I think like
This is the most like throw it at the wall and see what sticks and then something else comes along and then something else comes
like and I I'm now hesitant to say it but this feels like
Just conceptually perhaps in many ways the wildest one, right?
And I don't I think it's the time frame. I think it's the idea
This is it's it's like when somebody like slams you and then like later that night
You're brushing your teeth and you think of a really good retort only in this case
The slam wasn't against you wasn't a slam and your resort
your retort is to come up with a
Emotional support hotline for the people who feel
Slighted by the slam it is it is as if a kid said to another kid like you look dumb today
Yeah, and you a third party unrelated to the scenario nine months later
Went to the insulted kid and said hey, do you need to talk about that?
I went I don't fucking remember what you're talking about
What they have what?
So you would think that they'll taco would be like
So we're doing Mexican pizza, right? Fuck you
but
Del taco doesn't I guess they don't have the guts because they do have this thing that's called a crunch tada. That's like
You know around
Shit, it looks like I miss you
It looks like the Taco Bell Mexican pizza Mexican pizza is not an existing right world is an invention of Taco Bell
so I they don't call it the Mexican pizza what they're saying is like
We have something sort of like the Mexican pizza. Do you want to call this 1-800 number about it?
Yeah
We can make the connection in your head that these two things are sort of the same thing you can come to Delta
Tim hack Bart. You guys know him. He's the CMO over there
Don't talk. Yeah, of course
Don't taco is more than happy to fill the Mexican pizza void and meet the obvious pinup consumer demand
However, instead of just meeting expectations with a single crunch tada
We went further by offering a variety that'll appeal to vegetarian. Do you mean cravatarian?
Trains if you are vegetarian, did you describe yourself as anything other than a cravatarian? You don't you're not living
beef and chicken fans
Think of myself as a chicken fan all three crunch tadas highlight our
um
Quick service restaurant plus positioning with quality ingredients like our fresh house-made guacamole
fresh from scratch slow-cooked beans and
Signature queso blanco while offering guests best-in-class value for the money on top of a large
Six and a half inch freshly fried tortilla, so it's like a Mexican pizza
So what it is is a nice
Pizza, well, no, here's what happened is that they wanted to get into the Mexican pizza game by which I mean the fucking tostada game
Which is to the tostadas, which is to start us
But they can't but they know if they just call it to start as people aren't gonna know that there's instantly instantly
There are certain people I should say that aren't gonna know they're talking about Taco Bell's amazing
Mexican pizzas and so this is their way of kind of having their Mexican pizza and calling it a tostada and then also eating
It too and I got to do something. I'm also not calling
Still the belligerence on display here. It's like no one would ever know what a tostada
Yeah, we have to call the crunch tada
So they want to eat it now have you called the number yet because I have it loaded up on my phone
I just want to know it's definitely wait. Wait, can you you know me though? I can yeah
We can get a call going right here. I know for sure. It's gonna be a robot area answering. I better be
Oh god, yeah, I don't think I could actually handle if it's a real if nothing else
Just the idea of a human being have to be on call 24-7 for that number 24-7
Yeah, the 24-7 thing. It does make me think that it'll be recording. But hey, we can treat ourselves
One second. Okay
Yeah, okay
Okay, so we called and it was a real human being and that I don't it they it was not a conversation
It was just someone telling us about a Del Taco promotion
So I we spared you the the very lengthy script that was read to hey and and let's spare them too
Cuz we said like what the number is the numbers there in the press release
You can find it. Even if you didn't catch him we say don't call it a human being will have to talk
But what if you're creating what if by calling you're being a job creator? I don't actually know
I'm moving on
Do you guys want a quick Yahoo real quick?
Yes, another gram robot joint thanks Graham, it's a question mark Yahoo answers use your question mark
I'll call them Dell asks
canned BLT
Hi, hi all I have gave recently started reading a book about the ways of preservation through cannon
It seems like you can meet and cheeses and veggies and vegetables
But almost everything it is possible then for me to try and can a BLT just a thought
Here's my idea toast the bread add the mayo add the tomato
But add lots of salt to help with preserving add the bacon then the lettuce then put it all on the bread
Then I can put it in not a can and vacuum all the air out. So the bacteria can't breathe
Then I put the lid on and boil the jar. Well this work or will the male make the bread soggy over time?
Thanks. I'm new to canning, but I want to become a master. I
think
Boy if you put it in a
Jaw a can a jar and you vacuum and you vacuum all the air out. So the bacteria can't breathe
Does that kind of stasis lock?
There's a there's a sort of osmosis. I'm worried about of mayo encroaching into the breadlands mayo and tomato
Let's be honest tomatoes very
very wet
Um, could you dehydrate both the tomato and the mayonnaise?
Oh, that's fun and then rehydrate them with some sort of eyedropper
later in the process I
Mean there are canned hamburgers. Yeah. Yeah, this is no
Can we make those with the technology of our homes?
Do you know what I mean? Like here's what here's it and they specifically asked about a BLT
Yeah, right here would be my issue. Okay when
McDonald's launched the McDLT
They were so
flummoxed
by the tech like the the prime the like perfect BLT experience that they created a
two-prong
Styrofoam container in a real fuck you to mama Nate, right?
Which kept the hot side as Jason Alexander told us in
in
That famous ad it kept the hot side hot and kept the cool side. Cool
Yeah, so McDonald's in their infinite wisdom could not master this technology
Certainly certainly us at home. It's too well beyond
No, thanks. Well, I'm gonna be able to preserve
I think the problem is is that it gives you too much time to think about the BLT itself
Which as a functional sandwich is great
Okay. No, but I mean like you there's quick quick right bacon lettuce to me
It's quick quick and easy, right? It is a functional sandwich
But as far as like there's no bells and whistles and a BLT. There's nothing it's not
It's not gonna change the world of BLT. It's not
Revolutionary, so I'm saying you're going to a lot of work to preserve a BLT
I'm just saying I think that there are better
More interesting options that one could do and be excited later in the in the apocalypse to find
You know your canned croque monsieur, right?
LT is a
Bullshit sandwich. You can't take a club Sam
Sandwich and take one of the components off of it and then call it a different
Even more desirable sandwich. It's it can't happen like that the BLT
Who it's disgusting those three. I was trying to answer around that Griffin
I didn't want the BLT dancing around it for too fucking long
Like it's you can't just give something a name and then it's this it's a real sandwich
Bacon isn't enough to be the star of a sandwich show like it just isn't it's a friend that helps. Sorry Griffin
Can you say that very pleasing sentence again? Bacon isn't enough to be the star of the sandwich show
Oh
Now let's talk but here's the thing I you can can a BLT right cuz you can can can can can
I really don't like doing the show some days. I
Forgot I even forget what I was gonna oh, yeah
If we tweak a little bit our definition of the word
preservation
I
Think that the answer to this can be a firm. Yes
Can you can you can a BLT? Yes, you sure? Yes
Absolutely, and it will be in there and stuff's gonna happen to it and when you open it later
It something will be there
Do you know what? I mean? Maybe not in the original sort of talking more of like a time capsule
Scenario. Yeah, the matter itself is preserved the flavor and texture maybe not
It'll be different texturally and flavor Lily and not in a great way
I bet but no you might have done a new society in there, right?
Yeah, it might be a little fucking Whoville down there a little little tiny mayor talking to you. Who knows the Mayo. Oh
Travis you're on fire, baby
Yeah, baby, but you know what that means? It's time to wrap up. Yep
Once Travis gets too hot. We got to go out. So he's on top. Yeah, can't use it all up. Leave him one more. Let's go
All right
That is gonna do it for us. Thank you so much again one last time
maximum fun org forward slash join
Please please please really could use the help. Oh boy
Wow, please help us out. We really appreciate it
We really appreciate you. Thank you for all your support over the years. You're the absolute best
Thank you to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
And it's a good it's a good track and coming to Sam goodies this summer
Good. He's got it. He's got it, baby
Suncoast does not which is no no just real quick. We talked a lot about the bonus content
I think we mentioned that already but in case you didn't
The bonus my brother my brother and me this year is us trading different bits and doing each other's segments
And I just want to talk real quick about the adventure zone bonus episode if you like the adventure zone
It is Justin DMing a world of his six-year-old daughter Charlie's creation. It is horrifying
It's horrifying and it is also I don't know. It's I've been ruminating on it
it feels to me like a pilot for a bigger thing like
The Charlie verse like kids we've the darndest like hails. Yes
But yeah, that's it hey, I have a final yahoo here and it may actually because this website will become unavailable
Before we record again. This may be the final final yahoo
The I don't hate it. I don't hate that. This is it because it is another Graham robot. Thank you Graham
Closing it out with a hat trick
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user who I'm going to call
Griffin it was me the whole time asks
Milk in soda stream, does it work or is it a fairy tale?
My name is Justin
I'm Griffin McElroy. So long you beautiful beautiful beasts off. It's been my brother. My brother may kiss your dad's grow the lips
It's better it's better with you it's better it's better
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
