The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Borat, not April Fools.
It is. Well, this is weird, because we're recording on April Fools,
so all we want to talk about is April Fools. I don't know when you fools will be listening
to this, but probably still in April. So every day in April is April for you fools.
Please, no. Please, God, no. Please, God, please, please, no.
We can't do goofs and jokes all month long.
Well, yeah, if the jokes that we're doing is on the level as, like,
my wife, Borat, April Fools. That's kind of been my style today.
It's been very innocuous. Like, nobody's going to lose their fucking jobs over it.
You know what I mean? Nobody's going to be offended by it.
People are just going to have, like, a good belly laugh of just, like,
that's not my bag, baby. And that's a joke from Austin Powers.
April Fools.
I want to pitch a new version of April Fools that I told Griffin about beforehand,
and he was really on board with.
Yeah, and I actually specifically told you not to float it.
And I call it gay April Fools. Now, I know it's going to sound like I mean
gay April Fools. That is not what I mean. I mean gape Rule Fools.
So, like, you set up your hilarious jape. Oh, I should have said jape Rule Fools.
And it's too late. You set up your hilarious goo.
No, it's not too late. So, we got to go back.
Maybe, like, you put some Saran wrap over the turdlet, right?
So that when someone tries to use it, there's just urine everywhere.
And they get really mad.
What if they shit and the shit pools up and gets all over their butt?
The shit goes everywhere. And then you kick in the door, like,
hello, my name is Borat, not April Fools.
And they try to get mad, but when they look over,
you're just spreading your butthole really, really wide.
And they're like, oh, I can't be mad.
This is a visceral fucking tableau that you've painted that I've just gotten
my own fecal matter all over myself because of your jape rolls.
And then I look up and I say, Travis, no. And you've got your little,
you got your booty plum right there.
And you laugh, right? And you laugh.
And we all feel better about the day.
And we think about what it really means to be alive for once.
I think I would definitely have a good laugh at that, not April Fools.
Now, I wasn't sure what Gaper meant, so I took it to Urban Dictionary.
Uh-oh.
And good news, it means something completely different on the Urban Dictionary.
A Gaper, now hang with me here, is a skier or snowboarder who's completely clueless.
It's usually distinguished by their bright colored clothes and a Gaper gap,
which is the gap between goggles and helmet or hat.
Gapers also do the Gaper tuck, which is an attempt at being a ski racer by tucking.
However, it is done incorrectly with the poles sticking straight up,
like thunderbolted lightning, very, very frightening.
Yeah, definitely.
So yeah, that's Gaper.
Now, the snake eats itself here on Urban Dictionary,
which is the new source as far as I'm concerned.
I'm done with everything else but Urban Dictionary.
I spent five minutes on this site and I already think it's the best thing to happen to me ever.
A Gaper is a term used, this is the third most popular definition.
It is a term used by D-Bags to degrade new skiers in an effort to boost their own self-esteem.
Yeah.
You can usually spot them by staring at others while on a lift chair
or defining the word Gaper on Urban Dictionary.
So it's like, whoa, Ouroboros.
They should let this functionality be in Wikipedia where you can look at the series of edits
and it's like, fuck whoever said Garfield is a tabby.
Garfield is clearly a sphinx cat.
Um, Justin, that's the first and third.
Is the second one relating to spread butthole or is it a portmanteau of gay caper,
which I would also be on board with?
Um, no.
The second one begins, and this is all I'm going to read, a skier or snowboarder who sucks.
Okay.
Well, okay.
Is usually spotted wearing clothing from 1983, but other clothing styles for them do exist.
And then the fourth one is like somebody who spreads their asshole way, way, way open
so you can use them like a telescope.
And then the fifth one is like, whoa, number four.
Hey, fucking chill.
We're talking about like cool boarders 1080 over here.
Like, can you slow down?
And number six is like, I'm with, I know me and number five had our differences earlier
on in this dictionary entry, but I have to agree.
Number four, you took it to a place that I'm not entirely comfortable with.
Now I should mention my first definition dates back to January 3rd, 2006.
And this was before butt play was even sort of a concept.
Yeah, before butt play even existed.
Yeah.
If you're curious on the sidebar related to this term, there are many, many, many, many,
many, many other definitions of gape.
Just, just so many.
Here's one.
Gape tape.
Not even going there with you.
Go there yourself.
I can't.
Gape tape, the bubblegum that you get six feet of in a sweet little plastic clamshell package.
I love it.
I love how much gape tape I get with a single purchase at the checkout aisle.
Six feet of gape tape for you, not them.
This is my brother, my brother, me.
And it's an advice show for the modern era.
I'm really sorry that we didn't go with the vapor fools.
It's not too late.
We can still talk about vapor fools.
I mean, the sound is going to be, we try not to blow too much into the microphones into
the old condensers because it's not a good sound.
But if we start talking about vaping, I'm going to get that fucking monkey on my back
again.
And then I'm going to just start blowing cotton directly into the ear lobes.
Yeah, April Fool's, by the way, this I know this hasn't been very funny yet.
That was the bit.
This is a prank on you.
And now we're going to start the real intro.
Here we go.
Hello, everybody, and welcome.
My brother, my brother, me and advice show for the modern era.
Welcome to vapor fools.
Is that right?
Is that what you nailed it?
Listen at one.
Everybody do one joke about vapor fools.
Travis, I'm going to turn the old camera, the old podcast camera to you first.
Smash cut, zoom in on Travis's face.
He's framed perfectly.
There's a boy yo yoing sound effect to let you know a joke's coming.
And then I feel like I've stalled long enough and Travis turns to the camera and says,
if you want your best vape tricks, turn the ohms all the way down.
And that's like so that's the opposite of what is.
Yeah.
See, but then it like then, you know, if someone falls for that, they're a real gaper.
There's two, there's two types of people in this world.
Yeah.
Gapers and vapors.
Which one are you?
Choose your side.
Test your might.
Gapers and vapors is probably my least favorite Dr. Seuss book.
That was one of his earlier ones.
That was by the way, also an April Fool's joke.
It's absolutely my favorite.
I learned about like the futility of war from Gapers v. Vapors.
That was actually a landmark court case.
I'm failing a class this semester at FSU.
There is a way to routine.
Wait, did we say that?
There is a way to routine, wait, do we say our names?
Yeah.
I'm Griffin, he's Justin and Travis.
Yeah, Travis.
Okay.
I'm failing a class this semester at FSU.
There is a way to redeem some points and pass the class.
The professor has this policy that if you turn in a student on social media during class,
you will receive 25 bonus points, which equals 2.5 quiz grades.
The person you turn in loses 10 points.
Oh my God.
Wait, hold on.
If you turn in a student-
Someone's on social media, you put them on blast.
They get caught, they lose 10 points, you get 25.
You see someone like sneaking their phone below the desk or table or whatever and you're like-
That's fresh as fuck.
That class, no matter what it is, like viral pathology, it's a viral pathology 101
and also fucking Wild West gunslinging for one person who is the fucking law.
Wait, keep reading through because the mechanics of it is what confuses me.
This is all done, I mean, you want me to start again or-
No, no, no, just the last couple of sentences.
Okay, this is all done anonymously and I'm expecting not to have any serious consequences
if I go through with it.
So brothers, should I rat on the student to pass or keep my big mouth shut and retake the class?
That's from Tainted in Tallahassee.
So here's what confuses me.
How does it put, like you see someone doing it and then you just go to the teacher afterwards
and they're like, I saw, you know, I saw Steven on his phone.
Or are you like snapping a picture of it?
Or like, how do you do it anonymously with any kind of proof that this happened?
Yeah, you snap a-
I mean, you get a screenshot or I mean, if it's Tweet-O, you could give them a timestamp.
But then I'm saying, Justin, it goes all the way back
because then the guy behind you sees you on your phone looking at that person,
like on that person's phone and then-
Oh, are you saying it's like, it's like, it's like if you open your eyes during the prayer,
the only people that can catch you are people who also open their eyes?
Exactly, exactly.
So now like, is that person gonna be like, Steve was on and you're like, no, I was watching that.
I was following that person's Twitter activity so that I could tell you about it.
I wasn't tweeting.
I want to paint you guys a picture of me in this class and I'm failing it.
Probably, this was probably during my doobie year.
Yeah, everybody, I had a doobie year in college.
I don't like to talk about it, develop some bad habits.
But what if I was wearing my poncho to look like a cool Wild West gunslinger
and also it was my doobie year so I was trying some stuff out.
And what's that on my eye?
Oh, it's Google Glass.
Nobody has to fucking know.
I'm watching you snap and I'm tweeting every-
I'm gonna end this class.
Griffin McElroy, congratulations.
You have defeated my class with 320%.
Holy shit.
You like, and nobody else passed.
You were the only person that passed because you ate all the grades.
That's amazing.
How did you do it?
I'll never tell.
And then you tip the brim of your Stetson and your Spurs chain because you walk out of the room.
If I'm wearing Google Glass, it's a fedora because it's attached.
Wait, it comes as a piece?
Yeah, if you're wearing a Google Glass, it is attached by a fucking wallet chain to a fedora
that you have to wear.
It's what powers it.
Just a shame.
I mean, that's a great plan until you have 120% and everybody knows exactly how you fucking got it
and everybody starts calling you Narc Ruffalo behind your back.
Oh, that's the worst.
And you go to like uncool jail where no one wants to hang out with you or invite you to
any parties ever.
Tough shit.
You don't have to retake the class.
Okay, Narc Harmon.
I'm just saying I would give up a lot of social standing to not have to redo.
You could just throw a kegger for free and make up for those points.
You know what I mean?
Okay, so someone comes to you and says,
hey, we're going to a party at Narc Walberg's house.
You want to come?
And they're like, Narc in the funky bunch.
And you think they're going to go?
You think they're going to show?
I don't think so.
They're going to have a bunch of booze there for free.
Also, this is college.
I do think they're going to go there.
Do you know what I love most about this whole scenario is this teacher has invented a situation
where I can take his class.
I would audit this class.
Just to like narc people?
You're saying narc and you're painting a negative picture.
This is what I'm seeing is I'm fucking Roland.
I'm the fucking gunslinger in there.
And if I see you snapping, I'll be like,
I'm there to make sure everybody else is learning.
You know what I mean?
You know what would be a teach power move in this class?
If this was like a prisoner's dilemma kind of thing and you turn them in
and then the teacher is like,
well, I want you to know that this was the honey trap.
I'm docking you 25 points for not paying attention to the class
and instead trying to narc out other people when you should have been learning.
Mmm.
Or just he docks you for not being cool.
Like you just lose points for being a narc.
Yeah, that is how the prisoner's dilemma works.
It's like, do you want to split the punishment?
Do you want to split the time that you're going to be incarcerated?
Or do you want to just take the guaranteed two years?
And it's like, I want them to take it.
It's like, not cool, bro.
Prisoner's dilemma.
Yep.
I want to circle back to something because Griffin,
I just wanted to mention,
when you start talking about Google Glass,
I thought you were saying that the person was using Google Glass to tweet.
And I think that would be probably like dictating a tweet to your Google Glass
is probably the best way to get caught.
Yeah, in boarding class again.
Mr. Johnston is so dull.
Can't wait to blaze it.
Hashtag 420.
Can't wait to blaze it.
He's got a nice fat ass though.
I love that fucking fat ass.
Hashtag scrum diddle dumpsus.
And then you just turn behind.
You're like, yeah, Narc Rylance.
I was.
I was.
How many famous Narcs does Justin know?
I'm actually only doing actors.
I can move on to authors if you'd like.
Narc Twain is the best, yeah.
Let's address a challenging Yahoo.
Okay.
Sent in by Level 9000.
Yajur Jiriju government port.
Thank you, Jiriju.
It's by Yajur Answers user Jeff.
Way to secure a primo username.
Jeff asks,
in mythology and folklore,
what would happen if everyone in the United States
flushed their toilets all at the same exact time?
Who?
Think the world would explode, yeah?
Who, boy?
Like just from too much pressure.
Like the whole world,
like the mantle of the earth would crack
and just there's too much stuff going down into there
and it would just kind of-
Listen, we can all laugh and stuff,
but like there would be a significant difference
in the water level of something somewhere.
Yeah, like the Pacific Ocean would just be like, bye.
I don't know how it's all gonna-
I'm not gonna fence myself in by saying a specific point.
Yeah.
But I feel like-
Well, it would be on the opposite end of the world, right?
So like the Indian Ocean then, for us.
It would probably be the Indian Ocean.
And that's a little ocean.
That's the littlest of the oceans, I think, so.
Where does that water even go and or come from?
I think that every toilet is connected to another toilet in America
so that when you flush,
that water goes into someone else's toilet.
But I know what you're thinking, gross.
But there's a filter between there, you guys.
You know what I mean?
Like we're talking-
This is like alternating current of toilets.
Every toilet is connected.
So you're just like, do you get to choose?
No, but if you can find the person, you flush a note down.
It's the quickest way.
It is weird to think about,
because all the water is the same water that was here when Earth started,
that every time you take a drink,
at least like one particle of that is from toilet water
when like Julius Caesar had like nasty Taco Bell.
There's one particle of that toilet bowl water in every drink you take, really.
Yeah, that's cool to talk about.
It's not cool to talk about.
It's a fact.
It's a science fact.
It's just a thing.
What if I only drink like boxed water from now on?
Am I gonna be safe from Julius Caesar's Taco Bell particles?
It's all the same water.
Yeah, it's all the same water.
I mean like a lot of it is melted glacier, sorry.
Yeah, I mean they're not making new water, huh?
They're not making new water.
It's like the same water.
Until we get more of that space rain that started the Earth.
We're not gonna get any new water.
So every time you drink water, a dinosaur shit in it.
A dinosaur shit in that.
I can't wait for all this space rain to come and watch Julius Caesar's poop away.
That's a very empowering thought.
It makes us all eternal in a way.
And we've got a little bit of Julius Caesar's diarrhea in all of us.
When you have nasty boy Taco Bell shits, you gotta think like,
this is here forever.
Like I've done a permanent thing to Earth.
Like everybody worries about like I need to write a great novel
or I need to like change one person's life.
But every time you shit, you're paying it forward.
You're pooping it forward.
Is this what a, I had never understood the term,
but is this what a carbon footprint is?
Yeah, right, exactly.
This is also what a Jerky Boys record sounds like,
in case you hadn't listened to one of those.
Well, let's just figure this out.
I got a bunch of cardboard boxes in my garage
because I just built a whole bunch of furniture.
Should I just start pooping in those and then burying them, I guess?
Yeah, honestly, we should just be burying our poop in our neighbor's yard.
Yeah.
That's green.
That's how Dennis the Menace does it.
That's why everybody's-
And Dennis Kucinich.
And Dennis Kucinich does it that way too.
Man, I bet that fool feels like he missed his shot, huh?
If he just hung in there another few years,
he could probably be doing pretty good right now.
Well, hey, listen, I work in an office and after lunch hour,
one of my coworkers throws his plastic containers into the trash bin,
despite the fact that recycle bins are right next to it
and the containers are clearly marked as recyclable.
I tried mentioning this to him,
but have not been able to change his behavior.
I resorted to rooting around the trash afterwards myself
and separating out the recyclables.
Brothers, how do I get people to separate their own recycling?
That's from Vexed Vigilante in Vancouver.
Well, I can tell you one thing.
If you keep doing it, there's no way they're ever going to do it.
Yeah, it's true.
It's true, but you got to leave it back on their desk.
Oh, it says try again.
Try again, wrong tub.
You're out of time reversal cubes.
Well, can we- I hate that we have to keep going back to this well,
but can we every time-
Throw it in a well.
Throw it down the recycling well.
Do you guys remember the song that Borat did about
throwing stuff down a well?
Throwing stuff down a well?
April Fools.
I think the well I want to go back to
is you put the recycling in the correct bin
and then it turns into candy or a little toy.
Oh, okay.
So rewards.
I love that.
I mean, we're monkey people essentially
and we need reinforcement to go into our brains.
And so you put your can, your plastic container.
What are these plastic containers
that you're eating your lunch out of?
This is my sandwich that came in a clamshell.
What are the plastic containers?
You just throw in Tupperware away?
That's ridiculous.
There's a lot of good use for that.
Griffin's right because I find gamifying stuff
is such a big thing these days.
You need to turn this into a game
and make somebody like the prime recycling winner for the week
and they get something.
You know what I mean?
Who's the good, good recycle boy?
And they get like, maybe it's a crown
made out of old plastic containers
or they get like a scepter made of soda cans taped together.
And it's good because you don't have to spend any money
or create any more waste and you recycled.
Yeah, and you get to be my trash queen.
Yeah, you could be like,
and you could get like a trash, maybe a trash jester.
The trash jester is the worst, right?
That's the, he threw all his recyclables in the trash.
So now he has to wear the trash diaper
and it's an actual diaper.
And it's been-
It's been used.
I don't think it's been used.
I was thinking through it.
It was used by Juicy,
which is what I've just decided
I'm only calling Julius Caesar from now on.
I don't think, I don't think it's gonna,
I mean, you're probably worrying too much about it.
Let's put it that way.
Listen, let's just put it this way.
There's a lot of people throw recyclable plastics
in the trash, huh?
I'll tell you what though.
If what I think is correct,
the only way you could know that this person
is throwing their shit away wrong
is if you see them do it.
At which one, I'd say throw caution to the wind
and as soon as they do it, be like,
hey, you did that wrong.
That's not where that goes.
Because if you're waiting till,
you gotta, they're like, it's like a dog.
You gotta catch them in the act.
Because if you wait till later,
you're like you're missing prime shame opportunity.
You gotta say it in the moment like,
hey, I saw you do that and you did it wrong.
I've got a great idea.
No one else is gonna do it.
Now you have to do it.
I believe deep down you wouldn't have to say anything.
I think if you're sitting there
and when they walk towards the cans,
you have a look on your face like,
here comes a good recycle boy.
Yeah.
Just wait patiently.
Can't wait to be, can't wait to be proud of you.
Here comes a good one.
Yeah, here comes a good boy.
Hey everybody, watch Dave see how it's done.
He's gonna show you how it's done.
I think we should start.
Oh God, before they get up to the cans,
start telling him a story about some asshole
who was just in the break room
that put their plastic into the trash.
Yeah.
Like, can you believe this?
A real goofus.
Can you believe Karen?
Can you believe Karen?
Throwing her recycle, her Dasani bottle into the trash.
Like the devil.
Like a real gaper.
I think we should all be given licenses.
And when you have the,
we'll call it a good recycle boy license.
And it's gender neutral.
It's just what they called it.
I don't know.
Take it up with the EPA, I guess.
BOI, BOI.
If you're a boy,
then you get to sit on those park benches
that they made out of old cups or whatever.
And you get to read those books
made out of like reclaimed papers.
And you get to go in like,
you know, the tiny houses
that are made of reclaimed woods.
Anything that is made of recycled stuff,
you can do it until you're a bad recycle boy.
And then you don't-
Then you pass right through those things.
Yeah, you clip through those reclaimed park benches.
You just can't.
You can't interact with it.
You become a recycle ghost.
Does that help?
Yep.
It doesn't hurt.
How about this Yahoo though?
We'll see if we can get some hurt out of this one.
And it was sent in by-
This one was sent in by Nicole Harris.
Thank you, Nicole Harris,
with a time leak April Fool's Day question.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Dave.
Real goof for that one, who asks,
can you give me some summer camp prank ideas?
I see a lot of unique ideas on summer camp pranks,
and they are pretty good.
I am looking for a different kind of prank
than what I see when I search prank ideas.
The kind of pranks I want to do
are all ones that I have to sneak around
in the middle of the night in full camouflage
and pull the prank.
I want it to be an adrenaline rush.
I want to be a fucking bad boy.
I want to be punished.
I want to be an adrenaline rush
where I have to sneak around to pull it.
E.g. hooking an mp3 player to the PA system at night,
playing a song, then sneaking back to my cabin
without being caught.
I don't want any answers,
like where I put Vaseline on the door handles,
putting food coloring in the soap,
putting flour in a hairdryer,
anything that I don't need to sneak around to pull it.
I want to be caught and punished.
P.s. my camp is in the woods in Ohio.
There's a boys side, a girls side,
a pool, and a big ravine that runs through the camp
that has heavy vegetation and is good for hiding.
From Punishers.
I will be with a few friends as I pull the pranks,
so please compensate a few other people into your idea.
Well fuck, hold on.
Okay, I need to redo some calculations then.
Give me a second.
Let me compensate for the pranks.
How many kids?
How tall are they?
Are they blonde, brunette?
Are they good sneakers, bad sneakers?
Good sneakers, bad sneakers.
Is one of them a little bit weird?
Do they wear braces?
Does any of them have asthma?
Have they been caught before?
Do they also share your proclivity
for being caught by adults and punished?
What songs are on your MP3 player?
What kind of camo makeup do you have access to?
What kind of vegetation is in the ravine?
How deep is the ravine?
Has anyone died in the ravine before?
Could you bury a body in the ravine?
How like dense is the soil?
How loose is the gravel?
What kind of security system do you have?
Who's the best bunk in all of Camp Blasiatta?
Bunk three, that's right.
Bug juice, where does it come from?
Does it come in a jar?
No, it comes from who you are.
There's a Yahoo answerer here
who's provided a few suggestions.
One suggestion is Vaseline on a doorknob.
Jedi, that's their username.
Jedi, it's like you didn't even listen.
But here's their description.
Maybe they went back in
and edited that into the original question.
Like, hey, hey, I see what you're doing.
Vaseline on a doorknob.
This is their description for it.
Putting a little Vaseline on a doorknob
makes it virtually impossible to open.
If you're gonna pull this prank,
don't place it on the doorknob inside a room.
You don't wanna make it impossible
for the room's occupants to leave
if an emergency occurs.
Well, okay.
Oh shit, the chainsaw strangler's inside.
Let's get out of here.
Squeak, eek, eek, eek.
Aw, fuck.
Aw, got me again, Timothy.
Wait, is the idea that you just can't get a grip on it?
Yeah, you can't.
Well, you should know this.
What sort of, like, infant can't crack that?
Like, it's Vaseline.
Just wipe it off.
Well, Justin, you should know this.
Like, you know why that is,
why jam is such an effective weapon
in your fight for justice.
I mean, yeah.
I just always assumed jam
increased the grip of the doorknob.
Like, you couldn't let go of it.
You stuck to it with preserves.
You don't know what jelly is.
Me?
That's one thing.
Yeah, that's one thing.
Well, I was raised in a very religious household.
Travis went to a Montessori school
where that kind of behavior was not allowed.
No.
You know what would be a really good prank?
What's that, Travis?
Sneak around.
Move all the clocks and calendars
and everybody's phones forward a day
so when it comes time for the parents to come,
everybody thinks the parents forgot to pick everyone up.
But really, you just move time forward
24 hours on everybody's devices.
Then you go out to the flagpole
in the center of the camp
and you pull your pants down
and just have your butt out there
and just wait for somebody to come spank you.
I was getting there.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
And then you have Christopher Lloyd
pretend to be the head of a new camp
and you say,
your parents didn't even want you.
Come stay at this camp with me
so that everyone comes and stays at the camp with you
and over time,
you eventually become sort of like a religious figure, right?
And maybe you start your own college
and you have everyone pretend like they're at college
but really, it's not a real college
but then in the end,
you stand in front of some kind of accreditation board
and it becomes a real college
and then you bend over
and you spread your butt really wide.
I'd see it.
You know, J-Long.
More like Justin Wide.
Wait.
Hi, I'm Justin Wide.
The porn Justin Long.
I'm also just,
I'm just Justin Long.
I went with that for my porn Justin Long name.
I'm Justin and Al.
I also love porn.
And hamburgers.
And hamburgers.
I'm Justin Dong.
Get out of here, Justin Dong.
You're too on the nose.
That's not even funny.
That's not even funny.
Justin Dong.
Any other fun rhymes with Justin Long
or should we hop over to the Money Zone?
I've been sitting here,
I was stalling trying to think of more
but I don't actually have any more so.
Okay, well, let's get paid.
Can I talk about Trunk Club?
I wish you would.
Please do.
I would like to tell you about Trunk Club.
I am a member.
I got some jeans from Trunk Club
and I shit you not.
They are the greatest jeans I have ever worn.
You know how sometimes you see people wear jeans
to a function, to like a formal thing?
Lin-Manuel Miranda wore jeans to the White House
and I was like, how does he do it?
And I'll tell you how he does it.
Good jeans.
Yeah, these ain't no stank ass jeans.
These aren't your,
these don't have carpenter hoops on them.
No, these are like adult jeans.
Which is a thing I didn't even know
was physically possible until I went to Trunk Club.
They hooked me up with some jeans,
some like fancy socks, a really nice shirt,
and they had everything.
It was really cool.
No exaggeration.
I went and had a great time hanging out with my stylist.
I got to go to an actual like brick and mortar like place
and try on clothes.
But here's the thing.
The beautiful thing about Trunk Club
is you can have that experience without going anywhere.
They're gonna talk to you kind of like,
they're gonna talk to you, kind of figure out
what your deal is, what you're into,
what kind of things you might need clothes for,
and then they send them to you.
You try them on.
You see what you like, what you don't like,
and you send back what you don't like,
and you only pay for what you keep.
It's an amazing deal.
It'll help you.
Maybe you've been trying to figure out
how to dress more like an adult
or really get your fashion game on point,
but you don't even know what stores to go to.
Trunk Club is for you.
Go to trunkclub.com slash my brother,
answer a couple simple questions
about your preferences, size, style,
all that kind of stuff,
and you're assigned an expert stylist,
and that stylist is gonna take care of you.
You can get started today.
Trunk Club will style you for free
plus free shipping both ways.
You only pay for the clothes you keep.
So go to trunkclub.com slash my brother.
You got me thinking about jeans.
I just had an amazing business idea.
Okay.
You know Jinkos?
Yes.
I learned this week that Jinkos,
you know they got that wide leg.
Yes, I am aware.
Keep all kinds of secrets in there.
Did you know that the measurement
for the pant hole at the bottom
where your foot lives
is exactly as wide as the hip?
So if you were like a size 32 Jinko,
each leg hole is going to be 32 as well.
Here's the business idea.
Okay.
Cut off each pant leg,
and all of a sudden you have three
equal length, equal size denim skirts.
Okay.
Business idea.
You buy Jinkos,
cut them up into three skirts,
and then you resell them for triple profit.
Also, there'd probably be like a sweet
eight ball and dragon and stuff on there.
Yeah, that's the thing.
That's the point about Jinkos no one talks about.
They talk about the big legs.
What about the embroidery?
Do you know what Jinkos stands for?
What?
Judge none, choose one.
It's fucking cool.
It doesn't mean anything.
Anything is fucking really cool though.
That's my idea I came up with for Infinity Dollars,
and it sounds like you guys don't give a shit
about tripling your money.
How much money do you have right now?
Triple it.
Join my Jinko Army.
Whoa.
Join my army of Jinko skirts.
I want to tell you all about Blue Apron if I can.
Hell yes.
I'm gonna get hungry though.
Yeah, that's probably true.
Blue Apron is amazing.
It's changed my life.
I cook like a few times a week now,
and I used to not cook at all because I didn't know how.
But using Blue Apron, I've learned to cook,
and in doing so, I've created dozens and dozens
of delicious meals.
So for less than 10 bucks a meal,
Blue Apron will deliver all the fresh ingredients
you need to create home-cooked meals.
Just follow some easy step-by-step instructions
that they provide.
All the ingredients are farm fresh.
They're in season veggies most of the time,
and good quality meats, and absolutely delicious.
Every meal can be prepared in 10 minutes or less.
You don't gotta go to the grocery store.
They can change the ingredients based
on your dietary preferences.
And they make it a breeze to discover and prepare dishes
like what are some of the hot ones that you guys have made?
I made like a fried chicken,
but what was weird is that the coating
didn't have egg in it at all.
It used like Greek yogurt and vinegar,
and it was amazing.
I had never had fried chicken like that before,
and it was so much healthier.
I had it in a ramen with ground pork.
The triple, the triple, holy shit, that was good.
Are you kidding me?
Those are the best things I've ever eaten.
Right now, you can get your first two meals for free.
Just go to blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
I'm not, this is not, I'm not talking out of my ass
because they're supporting us financially.
It's literally, it's literally changed my life.
It has given me like stuff to do like a few nights a week,
and it's really fun.
Like you don't have to stress whether or not
you've got the right shit.
You've got the right shit.
It's easy, and you learn how to cook.
It's awesome.
To give you an idea, here are some meals from this week.
Crispy chicken cutlets with sugar snap peas,
stir fried honey garlic shrimp with snow peas,
cheeseburgers on English muffins with Roscoe's potatoes.
Like, and there's even more.
There's also vegetarian options.
There's stuff for kids.
It's great.
What's Roscoe gonna do without his potatoes, though?
He's gonna cry.
He's gonna cry.
Who's gonna eat those for dinner?
Anyway, go to blueapron.com slash my brother.
Well, let's ask him.
Hey, it's me, Roscoe the Potato Man.
What are you doing with the potatoes?
You don't seem to understand.
The potatoes make up my body.
I got a Jumbotron message to Grace from Jake.
Didn't want to explore the canon of Roscoe the Potato Man, huh?
No, I, nah.
The potatoes, I don't know if you heard the last bit, and maybe this will change your mind
about whether or not you want to dig in.
But the potatoes make up the form of his body.
So this one's to Grace from Jake.
I got lots of eyes.
So wait, Griffin, is he like potatoes sewn together?
Is he like Oogie Boogie and he's like a sack with potatoes in it?
No one quite understands the dark magics that hold all my potato body together.
But I'm saying, do you look at him and he's just a chain of potatoes forming a body,
or is he like a sack boy with potatoes in it?
Ah, no one's quite sure.
I'm pretty hard to look at.
Speech is energy.
Thoughts are energy.
This stuff reverberates around the planet, and you're letting him-
This is Julius Caesar's diarrhea.
Cart Blanche to just spread this like metaphorical Julius Caesar's diarrhea, like all across the-
What are you letting who spread it?
These ideas are persistent.
By allowing Griffin to continue to establish the rich fiction of Roscoe the Potato Man,
you are-
That's not my name.
What is it?
Roscoe the King of the Potato Kingdom.
It's a bit repetitive, but all my potato subjects-
Hey, y'all ever heard of the Fry Guys?
They defected from the Potato Kingdom.
Roscoe, do you have a sidekick that we can maybe spin you and that sidekick off into
like its own podcast just about Roscoe?
I got Spuddy Buddy.
Perfect.
He's a dog.
The worst part, the most dangerous part about this is that we're going to let him go on
long enough that he's going to say something funny enough to include it in the actual podcast,
and then we're stuck with like all the buildups.
Spuddy Buddy was pretty great.
I know.
This is all gold, and this is all making the final cut.
It's all Yukon gold.
Hey, fucking watch it, buddy.
Let's talk more about my body.
Now, check it out.
What I got here, I got a big brown potato for my hand, but what's that coming off of
it?
Fingerlings.
I mean, that's what I would have guessed.
I mean, if I had to guess, that was the guess I would have made.
I'll wear a shirt made out of tinfoil.
It's weird that Jake wrote all this to Grace.
Yeah, it's a very special relationship.
You want me to read this one?
Absolutely not.
Yes, I do.
I can't read human English.
It'll be ridiculous.
I'm a collection of living potatoes.
Do you guys need to know what time it is?
Because I'm powering like six or seven different clocks for a science project.
Dorothy and the tin man and the scarecrow like walked past Roscoe the potato man.
They're like, he's like, wait, the wizard could...
No, they were like, no, we're good.
We're good here.
You go ahead.
They said, we can't fit you in the car.
And I was like, what car?
It's not a car.
They just kept on going.
I couldn't go anywhere though because I'm forever attached to the ground by a bunch of vines.
I need the vines though to keep me alive.
Happy birthday, Grace.
Grace, we've been dating for over five years now and I know it'll only keep getting better.
Thanks for loving the weird and goofy guy I am and accepting me into your heart of hearts.
I love you so much.
I hope you enjoy hearing the brother's sweet, sweet voices.
Reading this special message just for you.
The love of your life, Jake.
Oh, isn't that a little baked sweet potato there, isn't it?
Hi, everybody.
This is Jesse Thorne.
I want to apologize.
The last five minutes you've heard were put into the air without my permission.
And I want to especially apologize to Grace and Jake who generously gave to this network in hopes
of getting a promotion on their favorite podcast network, My Brother, My Brother and Me, which is
a show and not a podcast network.
Sorry, been day drinking.
Anyway, it's Jesse Thorne here.
And I just really want to apologize to Grace and Jake for the substandard quality of this
Jumbotron message and also the surrounding bit, sort of a Julius Caesar's diarrhea coating
on what should be a beautiful maraschino cherry of a message.
So in closing, I want to add my happy birthdays to Jake's happy birthdays.
And in doing so, subtract the happy birthdays of Grace, the potato boy.
I didn't listen.
I skipped around a little bit.
Again, day drinking.
Anyway, this has been Jesse Thorne reminding you to listen to all the other shows on our
network, especially mine.
Guess it's time for me to die now.
Well, goodbye, Roscoe.
Sounds like I am.
Listen, Roscoe been around long enough to know when he's not wanted.
I have fucking empirical evidence that that is a lie.
I've been around a lot longer than you, Justin.
Yeah, that's right.
I know your name.
I'm going to go feed myself to some hungry kids.
The hard part about doing this- Oh, he's selfless, isn't he?
You didn't expect that turn, did you?
You didn't think he would sacrifice his life to put some food in the bellies of the working
man.
But here I go off to die to fill up some bellies with my own starchy belly.
The hard part about doing this show in audio is he can say this.
I don't know if he's actually leaving the room because the character of Roscoe, the
potato kid- I'm not leaving the room.
I'm hopping to a big old pot of boiling water.
It's comically large, but here I go.
Justin.
This is it.
I'm standing on the edge.
Justin.
Standing on the edge now.
Travis, I'm not going to apologize to Roscoe.
I'm just going to dip my little fingerling toes in and just test- Oh, no!
Oh, that's the hot water.
Justin, don't let him feed those hungry kids.
It's going to feel-
In the interest of saving our listeners, the sonic assault of hearing Roscoe boiled a lie.
Travis, I got a request, would you mind turning my head potato 180 degrees real sharply?
And so-
So I can't-
Will that kill you?
Yeah, it'll kill me real quick, but I don't want to feel what happens next.
I will do it because Justin drove me to do it.
I don't want to do this, Roscoe.
Okay, Justin, he's got his big, strong, ape-like fingers wrapped around my neck.
So-
He's got his gape-like fingers wrapped around-
Listen, are we to believe that you're made of potatoes and that you have, like, a nervous system?
Is that what you're saying?
We've established all this, Justin.
This doesn't sound like an apology, so Travis, I want you- Can you give me a countdown?
I need to think about my potato chip.
Where do you want me to start?
Just three.
Okay, three, two-
Oh, I had a lot of-
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Roscoe, I'm sorry.
Please continue to be a fixture of our hit podcast.
Our webby losing podcast, my brother, my brother and me, please.
I just- I'm glad that, Travis, you've spared me because I just thought,
it would be funny if I called my kids tater tots.
Ty is a pedantic person.
I think when he pronounces these words, it's in a very show-off-y way.
Jairo.
Yiro.
Sacrebleu.
Sacrebleu.
Ayers Rock.
Uluru.
What you are witnessing is real.
The participants are not actors.
They are actual litigants with real cases.
They call in via Skype to Judge John Hodgman's court, the real people's court.
Now I call you to Judge John Hodgman's internet court.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
I'm going to be a bridesmaid in a wedding coming up in a couple months.
Congratulations, Justin.
Thanks, and now here's a question from a listener.
I'm going to be a bridesmaid in a wedding coming up in a couple of months.
The bridal party has been messaging about what to do for the bachelorette party.
We're considering going out to some bars and getting a hotel room downtown.
The pregnant maid of honor chimed in to say she thinks that sounds great
as long as we're okay sharing a hotel room with a three-week-old baby.
No.
She wants to bring her newborn and her daughter-in-law to the party.
Bring her newborn to the bachelorette party.
How do I respond?
That's from Sensible in Seattle, and I literally need to think about this for a second.
Okay, I thought about it and then finished.
Okay, why don't you start?
Okay, assuming you're Griffin.
No, no, no.
I thought about it and here it is.
No, like I don't want to sound anti-baby or whatever, but this is a bachelorette party,
and they just want to turn their, let their hair down and get fucking buck wild
and forget about the, you know, the problems of the day
and just want to like have the wildest party that this person's ever gonna have.
And not only that, but to Griffin's point, it'd be one thing if it was just like
we're getting a hotel suite and that's where the party is,
but if you're talking about also like bar hopping and ending up at a hotel room downtown,
that child should not be with you.
I don't want to sound like a dick because I get it.
Like it's hard, it's hard planning around this stuff, but like
this is, that seems like a weirdly passive aggressive like,
oh, you're trying to party, huh?
Trying to have like the biggest and best party of your life.
You're like having a party that you want other people to plan
so you can tell stories about it and be surprised by like how wild it got, huh?
Okay, cool.
Well, here's like a three week old baby that's like probably gonna keep,
keep things from getting too buck wild.
Like I don't want a bunch of like fucking hot dicks slapping against hips in here
because I got this baby, this one here, 21 days old.
Check it out.
Unless.
No, there's not an unless for that.
What if the baby can hang?
Generally speaking, it's probably too early to have your baby out and about.
I mean, you could use a safety angle like that, right?
Like really, a three week old baby should not be, you know, out and about.
Their little dumb nervous systems haven't even heard about anything yet.
Yeah.
So they're like so, not their nervous system, sorry, their little dumb immune systems,
like haven't heard about anything yet.
And their nervous systems, if their nervous systems are exposed to some like
fucking full blown magic mic XXXXXL hanging brain,
they're not gonna, they're gonna see that and be like,
I haven't, don't really have the nerves to like really process these yet.
Interesting.
Is this, Justin, you are a father.
Is this a scenario in which this person,
you know, having a child that's only three weeks old,
they have not yet acclimated to the fact that they don't get to do
as much stuff as they did before they had a baby?
Hey, I'm gonna tell it, I'm gonna teach everybody,
Bill Cosby's out, so you need a new fatherhood kind of guy and it's me.
So here's my first funny observation about what you learn as a dad.
Rule number one and only rule, don't fucking tell moms what to do ever.
Let's, I love babies.
I love them dearly.
My friends here in town having babies, I love being around those babies,
but I get this feeling when I'm around a baby and it's the same feeling I get,
and this is gonna be weird, but hang with me,
whenever I go to like, and not that I go to these often,
but like a gun range where it's one false move around this thing
and that's it for my, like my life is ruined.
And it's hard for me to really let my hair down.
It's hard to get blitzkrieg'd when you know like,
there's a thing in this room that if I goof around too much with,
that's the ball game.
Yeah, that's, yeah, fiend.
Fiend on the whole thing.
That's a wrap, that's a wrap on Griffin.
Do you know what I mean?
He's had a good, hey everybody, that's a wrap.
At a gun range,
It's a series wrap on Griffin, let's have a big round of applause.
At a gun range, I don't think like, I'm pretty confident
that there's not gonna be a fateful whoopsie,
but the fact that the thing that is there
could cause a fateful whoopsie, a career ending whoopsie doodle,
and I feel that same way around babies,
and it's hard for me to like,
there's always that reserve in the back of my mind of like,
you need to keep one part of your consciousness
just dedicated to the survival of that.
I think the bigger issue that you're still gonna run into
is that this maid of honor
has not accepted the reality of being a parent,
and what that means is like,
it, one of like, the thing,
like there's so much good about it,
and the one thing that is definitely true
is that you are about to not be able to say yes
to whatever you want to say yes to.
Like, there are going to be things that just fucking suck
because you can't go to them, and it blows,
but that's it, like that's the thing.
Like, that's the, that's the treatment you're getting.
Unless, unless have you guys
seen the Bruce Willis movie Surrogates?
Uh-huh.
I saw the Spanish language version
that I bought in Honduras.
It was actually an off-screen camera version
that I bought for $3 outside of the grocery store.
A Super Marque, though.
So you get it.
I get it.
I haven't, I haven't seen it, but I think it's about like,
you climb, they, like you can control people
while you're not, it's like,
I think the plot of the movie Surrogates is Bruce Willis
is in a, like some sort of chamber,
and he controls like a fake version of himself,
which I know you're wondering, like,
if I was controlling an artificial Bruce Willis,
I would just like, just jerk myself off like constant,
like nonstop, like 24-7, but I, this doesn't,
I haven't seen the movie Surrogates,
I haven't seen the movie Surrogates, but I,
Maybe for your bachelorette party,
just rent and watch the movie Surrogates.
Surrogates, yeah, could be one option.
That would be pretty good.
You could do also one of those things
where it's like an iPad rolling around on wheels,
but I think the Surrogates-
Of the movie Surrogate?
Yes.
This is my dear friend, Jennifer.
We've been friends since we were kids,
and she is my beautiful maid of honor.
That looks like an iPad with the movie Surrogates on it,
rolling around on a remote-controlled car.
Yeah, exactly.
I love you, Jennifer.
Jennifer, do you remember that time that,
yeah, that was, yeah, that was it.
That's just a scene of Bruce Willis jerking himself off.
Yeah, I know.
It's my favorite Jennifer trait.
It's my favorite quality of Jennifers.
What if you ever hire a male stripper dressed like Super Nanny?
And he's also very good at taking care of babies,
so after he's done with his thing,
he gets dressed back up, maybe in some comfortable sweats,
and he takes care of the baby.
This is good for everybody.
But you need-
Who's gonna be taking care of the baby
while he's doing his work up there,
while he's slapping his-
I mean, they do take naps.
The babies do take naps.
Oh, I thought you meant male strippers.
What?
Male strippers take naps.
They probably get worn out afterwards,
plopping that dong around.
It's exhausting.
I have never seen a male stripper do a thing,
and it's not from any closed-mindedness of myself.
I've just never been afforded the opportunity.
But in my mind, and based on just sort of the conversation
and the open, free dialogue that the three of us have had today,
it sounds like we all assume that they just kind of get up there,
they just kind of get up there,
and then they just kind of do a left-to-right situation.
Whap, whap, whap, whap, whap, whap, whap, whap, whap.
As if they were-
Until they get tired.
And then they take a nap.
There's a quick fiver and then they're back to taking care of your baby
I guess it makes sense. I
Want to just I want to put a button in something because I don't think this has been particularly hysterical
but it is like it's a tough one and
I I think that the same rule would apply if you were the baby's father as well
I would hope that's like yeah, it's like you just it's like
it's it's
There's so much good about parenthood and and and I think one of like the the scariest hardest to accept things is also like
one of the most
beautiful things about it is that you are saying like I'm not the center of the universe anymore and it's like and it's very
Hard because what you end up doing when that happens is like putting a lot of other people who you would have
sacrificed for before like including, you know doing things that you really want to do like and are very important to you like
Can't just can't happen and like that's the that's that's the way of it
And it's it's ultimately really rewarding but it's just like that's not the way it works
Anyway, you can't just do whatever you want. By the way that whole bit where we took on a question like dealing with like fucking
Motherhood and how to handle like etiquette at a bachelorette party that we were so qualified to talk about that whole thing was April Fool's joke
So just can't believe you fell for it. Just kind of covering up thought that we were really talking some shit out of our asses about
Travis put this question on here. We had fell into a beautiful traffic Travis. Was this your elaborate Gabriel fools joke?
I can't believe you fell for it you fools you you goofus is your real gapers or the gapers now
Look to your left. Look to your right if someone's not gaping
You're the gaper if you ran into a gaper today. They're the gaper if all you run into is gapers. You're the gaper
Hey, let's do it. Let's talk about something that we're even remotely qualified to talk about let's do yahoo
Okay, this guy who was sent in by
Riding high so we can see you. Thank you. So it's by yahoo answers user Gary the human being
well
Who I'm working a little hard there Gare
Yeah, this is like the easiest turning test ever our ghosts stuck with whatever haircut and outfit
They had when they died or can they customize their look and gear?
Hmm
For just 500 Nintendo coins they can get a new hat. Yeah, it'll be
The trick is you got to find the neighborhood. You gotta find the barber in the town. It's usually right next to the safe place
You got to kill you got a haunt and kill a barber and be like, ah sick. I'm so glad you're here
I was thinking about like doing like a size six guard on the sides and then scissor cutting and thinning out on top
So get to it. And if you find the ghost magazine spread throughout the wasteland you can get new tattoos. Hey, I saw
The specter of death
Today and he was like the only way to be set free from this ghost prison is to give Jerry a haircut
So let's what do you say? Let's hop on it. You have to though, right because otherwise every like
Discovery history channel show the person would be like, I'm there at the top of the stairs
With somebody in like a pretty sweet like they had like a faux hawk
It was pretty great and they had on just the coolest t-shirt
It's a graphic tee and they were like I died here 200 years ago
Yeah, somebody is like as a joke in 2016. They're like cleaning out their closet and they're like guys check it
I found this hyper color t-shirt. I found these fucking goggles that I bought from Hot Topic and guys
Jinko jean skirt this shit is oh shit slip. Click. Click. Click. Click. Oh, no
What if you're what if you're what if you are at a fucking
You're in a toilet situation and you have your pants pulled down on your ankles because you just want to feel free and you pee
And then like a sudden immediate coronary dead and then it's like, oh no, I'm like my dick is up forever. No
You have the number one evidence that I have that ghosts are allowed to change their clothes is you think about how many people?
Over the history must have died while pretending to be Santa Claus
Yeah, you don't see a lot of Santa ghosts roaming around right like they're allowed to change their clothes
Mm when it's suck if like how it worked is when you became a ghost you just automatically were in the clothes that you are
Most identified with as a human being like that's why like you see them in like Civil War
Uniforms and stuff even if they died in their long john
So then you die and you come back and you're like him the ugliest dress shirt you ever owned and you're like is this what?
Everyone thinks of me. Is this you don't remember that cool jean jacket. I had this is how I'm gonna be remembered forever
What if it or what if it's during your fucking jean jacket phase and it was like this is when you were happiest in your
Life, but this is when you were most free is when you got that jean jacket if you can change your clothes
But you can only do it once every 25 years
Oh my god
Cuz then you like have to pick whatever style you think is gonna continue to be relevant and then everybody's easy like damn Daniel
Daniel still at it again with the white pants
What if the only way you got to change clothes is it by convincing living beings to destroy their clothes?
So you could get new ghost
Please burn those pants. I love those pants. Please bring them
It's like the actually the number one sort of writing tip that I've gotten that has made it so helpful for me to craft my fiction
Is just kill your jinkos, you know, there's no sacred calves here
Just kill those jinkos Justin
I really liked your idea of 25 years a change because you die in 1971 and you're wearing some dumb goofy 71 shit
And then it's 1996 and you're like, oh, thank god. I've been waiting for this definitely jinkos
But I'm thinking about I I had my dad kill a Gameboy pocket the other day and
I'm gonna be able to definitely carry like maybe two or three of those bad boys in these jinkos and this is a look everlasting
so and then it's fucking what what's
1996 was 25 and one 2021 and what it'll be there like
What's again?
Jinkos? Yeah, it's all it comes back around times
Times a flat circle and it fits in a jinko, you know, it'd be great
This is probably why you see the every ghost is in old-timey clothes because they went through like three cycles of this and they're like fuck
I'm just gonna do
Fucking suit like what am I what am I even trying to I can't predict this shit
I couldn't predict it when I was alive. Why the fuck did I predict it now?
But and then you put on the suit and it's like this is you're good for 25 years, right?
It's like yeah, and then you look down and your boxers are caught in your zipper
That's the worst part of being
The editor of vogue is that you're haunted by a lot of unfashionable ghosts who are like hey, hey
Hey, hey, say hyper colors back in put it
Say it's high again. Say it's hyper colors hot again. Say it
You know coming back pump shoes
Put the Reebok pumps are back
Wouldn't you like to go to the ghost clothing store?
Well, like the guys finds that they're like, did you want to take this out or should we kill it for you here?
This this poll looks fantastic on you. Did you want us to burn it in front of you or oh
All right, that's gonna bag
I
Think that's gonna be the end of the podcast because it's time for another episode of shower bros
Yeah, it sounds like and this is gonna be one where I think he's I think they're lifting up my house
I don't know what's going on. Hey, you had a good run Griffin
This has been my brother my brother me and advice show for the modern era. Thank you. Can I harmonize with that power tool?
Sure, you can try I'm not picking it up super great. Oh, it's gone. Okay
Um
That's gonna do it for us. Thank you to
Everybody who's listened. We also want to say thank you to blue apron again
Blue apron who makes cooking at home easy. You can get your first two meals free by going to blue apron comm slash my brother
We also want to say thank you to everybody who's tweeted about the show who's told a friend
Who's just tweeted us to say hey, thanks. I like the show
It means a lot to us at MBM BAM and it's always nice to hear that people enjoy it
Yeah, I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters who use for a theme song into departure off the album putting the days
To bed. It's a great album great great bud good times great oldies
Yep, we got a Facebook group. We don't talk about enough
My brother my brother me appreciation group search for that on Facebook and come join us. It's fun
You should also check out all the macro shows on macro shows calm and all the maximum fun shows at
Maximumfun.org. This is a plethora of funny jokes and
And good stuff that you could enjoy if you just let yourself for once
Is that it for the podcast I think so yet, um, yes
Yeah
It's funny I who was sent in by
Michelle Cassidy. Thank you. Michelle. It's by Yahoo answers user
Nathan s who asks
How do you clean a stinky beanie, baby
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
You
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artists owned listener supported
Hi, I'm Sydney McElroy, and I'm Riley Smurl and we co-host a podcast called still buffering a sister's guide to teens through the ages
On our show we tackle all of the hot teen topics that kids have on their minds today hot teen topics
Well, you know that the questions that are that are plaguing teenagers through their tumultuous growing years questions
Like how do I party or what do I do with all this hair?
Everywhere the same questions that people like Sydney had during their years as teenagers many many many
Okay, not that so so long ago. Yeah, okay. I think they get the idea
So search for still buffering on iTunes or maximum fun org for new episodes every Tuesday still buffering
I am a teenager and I was too
