The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome, my brother, my brother and me.
Uh, right show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Kevin Spacey.
I'm your, I'm your middle-est brother.
Ah, I got nothing. I'm Louisiana State Senator Jacob Sweetwater.
Listen, you can't make an omelet without breaking a few politics eggs.
Governor, you're drifting into Cosby. Of course, correct.
What an honor it is to have a House of Cards character.
Louisiana State Senator Jacob Sweetwater.
Senator Jacob Sweetwater on our program.
You've been privy to some of the machinations of, uh-
Dog machinations, son.
Yeah. Uh, what, what, what do you think is, has changed about Paul?
You've obviously been a Senator for, uh, 30 years, uh, and, and you've seen,
you know, some of the, the drama and I guess intrigue, uh, that's taking place on Capitol Hill.
I just say most folk ain't got the stomach for it.
Yeah.
I'm saying our countries and states being held by a bunch of-
What the fuck is going on?
What is all of this?
By a bunch of pussy fingers.
What is happening?
Man, Travis is good at improv.
Something happens for 20 seconds he doesn't understand and he starts crying.
I don't know what you're referencing.
This is a good joke to say yes and then say no, help, stop.
Help, help, I need an adult.
Um, I've never, I've seen, I've seen two episodes of House of Cards.
I shouldn't say I've never seen it.
All I remember-
Which member?
Oh God. S1, E4, S1, E8.
Um, I, I don't remember anything about it.
Didn't really leave a mark with me.
I know people are all crazy about it, but Kevin Spacey, that's not what you sound like.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. Why doesn't he just sound like himself?
Yeah, he's a liar.
You sound imposing already.
Like just regular old standard Kevin Spacey basic sounds pretty imposing.
I don't understand why you have to sound all Louisiana state Senator Jacob Sweetwater.
How sweet would it be in the last episode if he like, he becomes president of the United States
and then he flips the switch and nukes everybody on earth from his secret underground bunker
and then he puts on some sunglasses and says, that's right.
This whole time I was K-Pax.
He flies into his spaceship.
It's all been leading up to that.
He's been in so many things.
Yeah. A lot of things.
He's an American treasure.
You know, we knew someone on that House of Cards.
Did we?
Yeah. Nick Reynolds played a cameraman in an episode.
Oh wow.
Yeah. So pretty starstruck.
Big ups to Nick Reynolds if you're listening.
Shout out.
But this show isn't for Nick Reynolds.
No.
It's for you, the listening public.
So we can take your queries and turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
Let's get started.
I travel on a lot of planes, trains, buses, and other forms of transportation.
When I do so, I like to watch shows on my computer and some of those shows have nudity
or violence like Game of Thrones, Archer, or The Wire.
Assuming there are no children around, is it okay to watch these kinds of things
where other people could maybe see it?
And that's from Confused Coach.
You really can't lump those three shows in together because yes,
The Wire can be exceedingly violent and Archer can be pretty violent,
but only one of those shows has fisting in it.
I feel like Game of Thrones though at this point has entered into the public zeitgeist enough
that someone would see the shit that goes on in that show,
but then go, well, it's Game of Thrones.
What would you expect?
Nah, there are some scenes of nudity that are lengthy enough
that I would become uncomfortable if someone in the seat next to me was watching and enjoying them.
Well, at that point, you just slightly turn the screen towards them
and then just stare into their eyes.
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Yeah.
Hubba, hubba, hubba, right?
She's elbow deep.
Hubba, hubba.
I watched-
I'm sorry, did you just say hubba, hubba?
Yeah, hubba, hubba.
I watched a girl with a dragon tattoo on a plane to America from Germany and-
Did you cry?
What?
Did you cry?
At the movie?
Yeah.
It's not like a sat-
You know, I said girl with the dragon tattoo, not like the notebook.
No, I know.
Okay, I was watching it and there are some pretty uncomfortable scenes in that movie
and there was one I tried to fast forward through and I tried to fast forward through it
because it was just really, really wrecking my shop and so I fast forwarded through it
but I went way too far in the movie and so I rewound and I rewound back to that scene
and I said, oh fuck, and so I fast forwarded again and I went way too far again
and so I rewound and I rewound right back to that scene again so I did myself-
To a casual observer.
To a casual observer.
I was like, I wanted to live in that scene.
I wanted to build a summer home in that scene and enjoy it.
If there was like a 1 16th slow motion option available on the airplane VCR,
I would have indulged in that scene and just like become a resident there.
But what's more embarrassing, that you did that or that I watched Dark Shadows?
I mean, why would that be bad?
It's a pretty bad movie.
I wasn't deeply impressed with it, but everyone sitting on the plane could watch me
enjoy Johnny Depp's awful performance in that movie and enjoy what I did.
You know what's funny about that, Jarvis?
Last time I flew home from Europe, there was a guy one row up and one to the left of me
who was watching, he was like an old guy and he was watching the Lone Ranger
and like I could tell like he picked it and I knew it was a bad movie
and I felt my heart went out to him because like I had to watch someone watch a bad movie
and just like the whole wave of disappointment, the back and forth that they go through
when you realize like, oh, maybe it's not such a bad movie.
And then later you think, oh, I guess I'm watching this whole thing.
But is that worse than watching someone watch two medieval prostitutes
just wail on each other vis-a-vis their whole fists?
Well, here's the thing.
The magical mystery thing about Travel is like your encounter with these people
is so brief in like the great scheme of things.
Unless it's a trans...
Okay, yeah, maybe considering the fullness of fucking time.
I'm saying think about all the people I was on an airplane with
that watched me cry to dark shadows, right?
And then-
Hey Trav, can we talk about how much you're crying lately?
Because it's like a lot.
Listen, it's a common phenomenon that when you watch the movies on the plane,
I don't know if it's the air pressure or like the oxygen they pump in,
but people tend to have stronger emotional reactions to shit
that they would not feel in real life.
I think if you're watching extended scenes of nudity on a plane, it's creepy.
I think so too.
Personally, I think it's something you should not do.
The other people around you, I mean, even if they're not children,
like they may just like not appreciate that,
or maybe like, I don't know, spoilers, you know?
There should be software embedded on each plane.
I watched Iron Man 3 on a plane and it was like Iron Man 3 plane edition.
By which I mean all the scenes of helicopters exploding
and basically that whole scene where the plane explodes in the sky
and Iron Man has to catch all those people are gone
and the movie is 40 minutes long.
There should be software in the plane that hacks into your iPad
and your Nexus and your global tab and it gets in there
and it can be called Fist Nanny.
And if there's a scene of fisting, it will automatically-
Or Nanny Fist.
Nanny Fist and it will automatically fast forward through that scene
so that you don't upset your neighbors.
How about it?
How about the technology?
How about the technology?
That new Liam Neeson movie is gonna be a weird one to watch on a plane
because they can't-
The thing is, they won't ever be able to reference
that nonstop takes place on a plane.
So it'll just be very curious as to why he's locked in this small room,
why no one will let him out.
This tubular room.
This tubular room.
It's on a new sky train.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Kent Siri.
Thanks, Kent.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Katya who asks,
why do some idiots think Toy Story is real?
Yeah, that's right.
Toy Story is a myth, okay?
Additional details.
Just to let you know, I do love Toy Story,
but it's so annoying when people say it's based on real life.
What?
Wait.
I am fucking annoyed at how many people are coming up to me every day.
How often is this scenario recurring in your life?
This happens to me daily, Trav.
People come up to me and they're like,
you know Woody was based on my dad.
I say, was your dad a marionette and also a fictional?
And they just look at me this dark stare, like sort of a blank.
Mm-hmm.
Probably like your face was when you were watching Dark Shadows.
I'm crying.
Sort of like a hollowed out, sort of hurting, deep hurting.
Listen, he just wanted to be loved, you guys,
but like you've been cursed and he was going through a lot of shit.
Sure.
This stuff is deep.
Now wait, when was the last time you saw Toy Story?
Because I do not think curses.
He's talking about Dark Shadows again.
I'm actually talking about my Dark Shadows Toy Story crossover fanfic.
I would imagine that if you really think about Toy Story,
that their sentience is a curse, you know?
Like they become sentient when we're not around.
When we are there, they lose sentience.
They don't, they can't be aware of us really
because their mind and body shut down whenever we're present, right?
They lose sentience.
Now, Justin, I would argue that in fact, they are quite aware of us
because of the issues with Andy that Woody and Buzz are dealing with.
Can you imagine a more horrifying fate than to suddenly be a living corpse,
unable to perambulate or affect the world around you,
but instead having to just soak in whatever inhumanity the gigantic humans can visit on you
and being powerless to stop?
That is what that movie's about.
It's like that show Attack on Titan.
You guys watch that anime?
No, I'm 33.
I think those toys, if they had hung around much longer in Andy's life,
then they basically would have been a bunch of creepy sex watchers, right?
You know, for a fact, 100% not a question,
every character you love from that movie was there the first time Andy masturbated.
Every single one of them.
Every single-
I thought I turned you-
It's weird, I turned all these guys around.
I'm starting to think that they're sentient.
Guys, what did we just see?
Is that a new game?
I don't like it.
Is that a new toy?
He went to infinity and beyond and then a little further than that, I would say.
Does Mattel make a new fleshy Bop-It?
Like, oh, guys, you sweet, sweet angels.
Listen, Andy's got an itch down there, guys, apparently,
and we're the only ones who can help him.
Let's go!
I would watch that movie before I would watch Planes.
Now, toys gather round.
Gather round, I want to introduce you to our new friend.
Andy just bought her.
Her name is Fleshlight.
Come over here, Fleshlight.
Hey, guys.
Kill me.
Kill me, please.
I'll feed some shit.
Because he's got a big rubbery mouth, it's hard for him to talk.
Oh, it's a heat.
Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
That's the way God made me.
Man, of all the wigs for us not to have an Extreme Restraints ad.
Do you have any advice for a 23-year-old female who just started playing Puchamon
Blue for the first time?
I didn't get into it when it was released because I was busy getting beat at Goldeneye.
I named the nemesis formerly known as Gary after my older brother
so I could finally kick his ass at a video game Pocket Monster style.
I have no prior Pokémon experience.
That's from Catch You Later.
Griffin, I'm going to step away.
No, I'm absolutely useless in this department.
Griffin, you don't have any Pokémon advice?
No, but it's like if I went to fucking...
Let me think of a famous athlete real quick.
If I went to Peyton Manning.
Touchdown Nelson.
If I went to Touchdown Nelson.
Refrigerator Steven.
If I went to Refrigerator Steven and was like, teach me how to block in football,
I'd be like, all right.
And then he would start dropping this expert technique on me.
You're saying you can't get your head back down to her level.
That's right.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm so elevated.
There are matrices and I just...
I don't know.
It's complicated.
Get a Pikachu.
That one's pretty good.
Plus, Griffin doesn't give that advice out for free anymore
ever since he started doing his self-help books.
I can help.
So you just get them.
Get them and I think you use the psychic against the earth
and that's pretty good.
The best one is Beedrill.
Beedrill is the best Pokémon.
That's right.
Mathematically, it's the best one.
Yeah.
You got to get male and female so they can do it.
Okay.
That feature's not in Pokémon.
You get more Pokémon from the do it
and then you raise them and you sell them for food.
Yeah.
Or you just turn them into food yourself.
Just eat your Game Boy.
Eat your Game Boy.
I don't think you should eat your Game Boy.
Make sure to leave your Game Boy in the sun
so your Pokémon don't get cold.
That's right.
And so if they're plant type, they can grow.
Bury it in the earth.
Bury it there when they die.
Leave all your Pokémon at the daycare.
Walk around completely unarmed.
Don't forget to leave your Pokémon in your will to somebody.
That is important or they go to the government.
You got to release your Pokémon when they start to get old
because then if you don't, they'll die
and that gets really expensive after a while
handling all those Pokémon funerals.
You're going to have the federales down your neck after a grip.
Just kind of...
Oh, I mean Pokémon...
Don't forget to feed your Pokémon.
Pokémon coffins aren't cheap.
Yeah.
And they're all specially sized.
And they're all very specially sized.
You think you're...
I was watching an episode of Animal Cops Houston.
Yeah.
Where this dude had all these Pokémon
and he wasn't feeding them.
He just had them tied up out back.
Yeah.
And like the cops came in and they collected...
It was 45 Pokémon that they took away from this guy's place.
Well, he wasn't even close to catching them all.
No, no. And it was all the same one.
It was all Beedrills.
That would be the worst one to collect en masse.
He was living in terror.
Yeah, I can imagine.
I would...
I need a Pokémon.
Yeah, sure.
What Pokémon would you guys eat?
Ash.
Wait a minute.
Sorry.
Un momento.
No, I mean, Travis has a great point.
If every creature in that world is a Pokémon,
then we can assume that people are Pokémon.
You look at like a Mr. Mime.
That's just a guy.
That's just a mime.
That's just a man who's a mime.
Just because you are that profession, silly as it may be,
it doesn't give people the right to encapsulate you.
You know what I mean?
Doesn't really seem fair.
In the back of my girlfriend's house,
there's a Mimosa tree that she saved
from being cut down by a private company.
She fought them after they cut down every other tree
in her neighborhood's respective backyards
to put in a parking lot nobody uses,
and saved just this one.
The problem is there's one kid who always comes by
and climbs, kicks, and break the branches off of it.
How do we keep this guy from hurting
the last green shade they've got, Anthony?
Anthony, you can't own a tree.
Next question.
Listen, read the Giving Tree.
The Giving Tree, that tree is stoked.
Yeah.
Okay?
You can't interrupt the cycle of Giving Tree.
Every tree has a boy.
Do you think the Giving Tree is happy to be kicked
at heaven's branches?
What is it giving at that point?
I understand, little man.
Oh, listen.
You need this more than-
Ah, ah, ah, fuck, god damn it.
Okay, yep, nope, yep, nope.
You're right, you're right.
No, you're right.
I deserve that.
I brought it on myself.
Here, have a Mimosa.
Oh, I watched Slavery Times and I didn't do anything.
I earned this.
I could have spoken up.
Yeah.
You can't own a tree.
You gotta let a tree do what a tree-
I mean, you want shade from it.
This kid wants to take out his preteen anger.
Well, first of all, if you're saying,
we need to rescue this tree for shade,
like, build a house, you goober.
Houses are like all-
Are you a bird?
They're all shade all the time, and that's pretty cool.
Why is there a kid that has a fucking vendetta
against your tree?
Because it's the only tree in the neighborhood.
The kid was able to get all the rest of them chopped down.
The kid's a captain of industry, by the way.
We didn't mention that.
Little tycoon.
Here's the thing.
The way that natural selection and evolution works
is that as new enemies develop,
the creatures develop defense mechanisms.
If you protect this tree,
you are robbing us of man-eating trees in 3,000 years.
Yeah.
Wow, that's true, Travis.
That's a circle of life.
Yeah, you gotta let these trees develop
their own natural defenses.
I think the circle of life terminates
once they're man-eating trees,
because we need them.
It is the ultimate catch-22,
because we need them to breathe, don't we?
We can't just kill all of them,
because then we're killing ourselves.
That's true.
Maybe it's harder to breathe
in their neighborhood right now.
Definitely is.
Maybe that's why this kid is losing his goddamn mind.
His kid's not hitting the tree.
He's putting his mouth flush with the tree
and just like,
oh, it's so good.
He's breaking the branches
and sucking the oxygen straight out of it.
Oh, it's so good right off the tap.
Child.
Children.
They're awful.
They are just the worst.
Just terrible.
And I'll, this is, I mean,
the solution is right there.
I didn't want to spoil the answer,
but it's pretty obvious to me
what you should do to keep the kid off the tree.
When the kid climbs the tree,
you climb the kid.
No, you put some jelly on it.
Oh, God.
Put some jelly on the tree,
on the branches and on the trunk.
He goes to like grab the tree or fuck with it,
and he's going to come back
with a fistful of tree jelly.
What is this?
He'll think.
Do you mean sap?
Then okay.
No, tree jelly.
He won't know about sap.
He's too young.
Oh, fair point.
And the tree jelly,
he'll totally get the concept.
He'll be, well, Travis,
he won't have to be Angela Lansbury.
There's jelly on a tree.
I'm not the one who said
he wouldn't understand the concept of sap.
Let me throw this out.
Elaborate tree costume.
Haunt the kid.
Okay, but that's also like gross.
You're going to roll up to his house.
You're going to pound on his door late at night.
He's going to answer and say,
I'm a tree sprite.
And you're going to teach him
about like the beauty of trees.
Travis, please, a spriggan, please.
Okay.
Then at the end of the night,
kill him.
Wait a minute.
No, hold on.
No, that's a perfect crime.
How many kids do you think die
because of tree-related injuries every year?
You can just write that one off.
The detectives come.
They're like, let me see.
Sap, a little bit of tree jelly around the window frame.
Yeah, it looks like another tree.
God damn it.
Got another one.
Well, we need him to live.
So there's nothing really can really do about it.
Trees.
How scary is that scene in Poltergeist, by the way?
When the tree kills the kid?
He doesn't.
I mean, that kid should be dead.
Can we all agree about that?
I always thought that that was sort of bullshit
that they just sort of like pull him out
of the clutches of the tree.
And he's like, no, I'm all right.
That tree looked super scary, super deadly.
It could have killed you like 100 times over, and it didn't.
Nice try, spirits.
Put your back into it.
Kill a kid for once, why don't you?
For once.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport,
an Emerald member.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo!
Answer's user Ashley, who asks,
I need new kind of sad songs from the heart
for teens to listen to.
Any ideas?
One more time.
I need new kind of sad songs from the heart
for teens to listen to.
See, I love this, because it's not asking for new songs.
It's asking for a new kind of song.
Like sad dubstep.
Can I get some dark shadows ballads?
What if you listen to Christmas Shoes,
but also at the same time, because that's too sad?
Listen to Shaggy's It Wasn't Me underneath it
at the same time.
It wasn't shoes.
It wasn't shoes.
It wasn't your mom.
It's a song about dying.
Picture this, she was dying from cancer.
And my mommy's got the cancer.
So get some shoes.
She's gonna be walking with Jesus.
So buy the shoes.
I don't have enough money.
Just steal the shoes.
Yeah, daddy, I got her some red shoes.
She uses them to walk on the floor.
Picture this, we were both butt naked.
Why were you both in CPS show, dog?
So buy the shoes.
They got her in attention.
So buy the shoes.
What?
I mean, there were some fucking classic standbys back in the day.
I don't know if anybody's still making music like that,
because I don't think it's sustained.
Is Bone Sustained Harmony still making music?
Not really sad.
That song didn't bum me out.
No, yes.
See You at the Crossroads made me sad every time.
I'm saying See You at the Crossroads is beautiful
because it's kind of sad, but it's also like,
yeah, man, you know what?
I'll see you at the Crossroads.
But I miss my little child, y'all.
That is what it's like.
I miss my little child, y'all.
You know, the song that made me sad all the time,
only kind of sad when I was a teen,
that worked for me, was Time After Time by Miss Cindy Lauper.
Did it really?
Ooh, that one'll get to me.
I preferred the Matchbox 20 version, but that's fine.
Oh, man, that one'll touch me deep down.
That one gets to me.
Is there something in the content of the song
or do you liken it back to like a sad memory?
Sad, it's sad.
Musically, it's sad.
The key, it's in a sad key.
Yeah, what is it?
J, it's in the key of, aw.
I put this in a depressed J.
There's always the cure, I guess.
Yeah, they got some sad jams.
I just don't think any, I don't think,
all the music nowadays is all just like fun
and like, well, fun by the band Fun.
And they don't make sad songs, really.
What did teens, do teens wanna listen to sad music?
I don't, see, that's the thing.
I don't think teens wanna listen to music.
No, teens wanna listen to music and mashups.
And like back in, I feel like getting sad
was like all the music, like Damien Rice came out
and like set the world on a sad fire.
What about, what's that?
Where, where can my baby be?
Yeah, Last Kiss.
Last Kiss, ooh, that's a sad one.
Yeah, that one always bummed me out because it existed.
What about, what about I Can't Make You Love Me
by Miss Bonnie Rice?
Oh, fuck.
Come on, that one'll get you, whoa.
Is Jolene kinda sad?
Jolene is sad, but it's also so good
that it gets you pumped, you know?
What about Love on the Rocks by Sir Neil Diamond?
That's not bad.
The theme song does step by step.
Sometimes I worry that, okay, wait a minute.
Landslide.
Next question, that one's answered.
Tears in Heaven.
Can I tell you guys an honest story about Tears in Heaven?
Is it gonna be you making fun of Tears in Heaven
because like, I don't think that'll play very well.
I'm making fun of myself.
I was, I had a screen that popped out of my butt.
Oh, that was a great story, Justin.
A screen that popped out of my window
and just like the top half came out
and I was trying to get it back in
and I should've just let it be,
but I couldn't, I couldn't let it just be there
because I'm having a child
and I was obsessed with the idea
that my child would, with Tears in Heaven,
and I couldn't let it, I couldn't let it go.
It like, I don't know, it really got to me for some reason.
Like that song got stuck in my head.
I was like, I can't let this happen.
I have to fix this screen.
It's really important, but I just shut the window.
You know what, babies aren't gonna like.
I know, I know, but what if I forgot the screen was broken?
I couldn't handle it.
What if the screen fell on your kid
and then it laid on top of him
and he like wriggled around
and he like cheese grated himself?
Or what if like because of that screen
your kid didn't get into a good college?
I don't wanna think about this anymore.
I really do need to get some money.
Come on.
Get on now.
Get on in there.
Get on now.
Come on, move along now.
We had to raise ourselves some campaign finances.
Jacob's sweet spot.
Wally Parker is a new concept in our way.
Contemporary eyeglasses.
They're extremely affordable
and they're fashioned forward.
You're gonna have to take that from them.
I would not trust me to tell you
it's fashion forward right now.
Just what fashion is in general.
Right now I'm wearing a shirt from Tybee Island
that says island time state of mind.
I cannot be trusted.
We're supported by Warby Parker,
who's a friend of ours with a new concept in glasses.
Most glasses are too expensive
and that makes them terrible
because you can't wear them without being scared
they're gonna break or something.
But Warby Parker,
you get these really hot fashion forward prescription glasses
and they just cost 95 bucks.
Now here's the thing about Warby Parker
that makes them cool.
They have this like home trial program
where you get five pairs of glasses
and they send them to your house.
You pick out five pairs that you're into.
They send them to your house.
You try them all on.
You ask your friends,
what does this make me look like?
Does this make me look smart?
Will Dylan like these?
And then you put the ones you don't want back in a box
and you ship them off to them
and you for free,
it's not even a big deal.
And maybe Dylan won't like them
and then you just do it again.
And then you put Dylan in the box
and you ship Dylan back to Warby Parker
and you say,
okay, Dylan, while you're there,
just pick out something you do like for God's sakes.
Enjoy Warby Parker,
now you have a Dylan.
They have a prescription polarized lenses for 150 bucks
and for every one they sell,
they give a pair of glasses to somebody in need.
That's crazy.
So go to warbyparker.com slash my brother
and you're gonna get three day shipping for free
on those five free home try-on frames.
There were a lot of words in there though.
No, no, no, it was a tongue twister.
Tryin', okay?
I'm out there tryin'.
And you think about that.
You're listening to this on Monday probably.
If you do this right now,
you could have new shades by Friday.
Don't even worry about it
because we hooked you up.
Warbyparker.com slash my brother,
a one word, obviously.
And then as with other things,
if you end up using this because we told you to,
let us know.
Like tweet at us,
send a picture of your new sweet frames.
Yeah, and include Warby Parker in it
because that makes us look like fuckin' big deals.
Okay, so you're dying.
Yep.
Oh, shit.
Sorry, I didn't mean to break it to you guys this way.
You're dying.
And the thing about that is
you don't care what happens
to most of your earthly possessions,
but I have a question for you, friends.
As you slowly or speedily,
there's no way of knowing a sin
towards that golden reward
that meets us on the other side of the beyond.
I ate almost an entire Domino's pizza
by myself yesterday.
Okay, so you're in this kind of-
You could only be dead by dawn.
Choo-choo.
Let's hope Griffin makes it to the end of the episode.
But here's the question, friends,
and I know it's not one we like to confront,
but what happens to your Pokemon when you're gone?
I take them with me.
No, you can't take them-
Like Egyptian style.
I won't be buried with my Pokemon.
I wanna be buried with your Pokemon,
but even if you do wanna be buried with your Pokemon,
you're gonna have to leave some specific instructions
and the only people who can help you do that
is legal zoom.
When I die, let's just talk about this.
Let's just get this over with.
When I die, I want my entire spirit
to be turned into code
and then uploaded into a Pokemon game.
There.
Is that so much to ask?
That's where it is.
Don't burn my body.
Don't scatter my ashes.
Just leave my corpse on the ground.
That's not me anymore.
Legal zoom helps you incorporate or form an LLC
with their simple questionnaire starting at $99.
You have to build a company, right?
If you wanna build a company,
legal zoom can help you out on that.
But more importantly, for our current discussion,
you can create a will starting at just $69
or even a living trust quickly and easily
and get peace of mind and protection.
Now, I know it's uncomfortable
to think about this sort of thing,
but imagine the fun of,
I think it would be worth the 69 bucks
just to have a will in your possession
that dictates what happens to your Pokemon
in the event of your death.
Like you could just have that.
Especially if you make that
and then completely forget about it
and like 50 years from now,
your like loved ones are all bereft
and you're sitting there and like
for the reading of the will
and then it gets to the section on Pokemon
and it's like, God, that asshole.
And they don't know what Pokemon is
cause they're future people.
So they think it's valuable.
So they start a hunt looking for it.
Whoa.
Then they find it
and then they turn on the cartridge
and they're like, oh, this is a pretty fun game.
And then on route six,
they're wandering around in the tall grass
and then a wild Griffin McElroy appears.
It's my spirit.
It's been encoded to the cartridge.
Now, legal zoom is not a law firm,
but they can connect you with a third party attorney
and provide you with self-help services.
And for even more savings,
I know those prices already seem low.
They seem low to me.
I'm 33, but in many ways I'm a child.
So if you'd asked me how much it will cost
before this commercial,
I would have said probably $8 or a million.
So these prices are great,
but for more savings,
you can type my brother into the referral box at checkout.
Don't put this stuff off.
It's not fun to think about,
but just go do it.
Go get your Pokemon sorted out.
Go to legalzoom.com.
Now, and use the coupon code mybrother.
Hey guys, when I die,
would you sprinkle my ashes on Keev or Sutherland
without him knowing it?
While he sleeps a little bit every night.
Just like sneak up behind him
and kind of put a little in his hair.
And he's like, what was that?
And be like, what?
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
My dandruff is really bad lately.
Damn it, Chloe.
This special message is for Midge
and it's from a retired sea captain.
Terrific.
A retired sea captain says,
since that night, I called you a dummy at the green-
Come on, you can get me a voice.
But I mean, what am I going to do like-
Give me a voice.
Give me a damn voice, Griffin.
Since that night,
I called you a dummy at the green mill
and told you something else too.
I knew that nothing was better than you.
Two kittens laughing together.
Griffin describing shoplifting.
I love you.
Retired, not disgraced sea captain.
Since that night,
I called you a dummy at the green mill
and told you something else too.
I knew that nothing was better than you.
Two kittens and laughing together.
Griffin describing shoplifting.
I love you.
You know, your regular voice
does sound a lot like a sea captain.
That's true.
Congratulations on your love, Midge,
and retired sea captain.
Uh, I got a question for you.
Have you ever wondered about the value
of placing an ad on a popular podcast
like My Bim Bam?
Yes.
You want to know if it's right for your business?
Here's a hint.
Probably.
Probably.
Listen to episode 26 of Not A Real Job
to hear how successful their ad was,
and you can subscribe to hear marketing
and writing advice for small business,
artists, entrepreneurs, and more.
Visit notarealjob.com slash M-B-M-B-A-M.
You know, it's fascinating.
They, uh, we had such a big response
to Not A Real Job.
Yeah.
Like, lots of people, uh, listen to that.
It's a podcast about, you know, marketing and advice.
And we had a huge response from people
who listened to it and, like, really enjoyed it.
It was really, I, um, still, I guess,
background, we did an ad for them,
like, three or four episodes ago.
And so they did a whole episode
about the return on that investment.
And I listened to it.
It was really, like, it was super interesting.
Like, I think if you're a fan of podcasts
and, you know, you hear a lot of advertising,
it would be fascinating.
But as a fucking, the person who made that shit,
like, hearing, hearing how it actually works
for the people who advertise on our show,
it was like, I don't know.
It was super, super fascinating.
So yeah, check that, check that out.
I'm Cameron Esposito, and each week
I'm joined by my fellow podcasters, Rhea Butcher.
That's me.
And Ricky Carmona.
I am Ricky Carmona.
We talk about action in sci-fi movies
on a little show called Wham Bam Pow.
You can find it on MaximumFun.org.
It's amazing.
Super fun.
True dat.
Reviews, news, and stuff you can use.
I'm a 20-year-old male in college,
and I want to start wearing prescription-less glasses.
My eyes work fine.
I just know that if I wear a pair that suit me,
I can look pretty damn good.
Sadly, my girlfriend thinks that this is the,
quote, douchiest idea I have ever had.
If I plan to wear them, just what I need
to look a little more suave and smart,
exam, party, et cetera, is this socially and morally sound,
or should I just be thankful for the 2020,
this is from Born to Be, bespectacled.
Listen, we've all, all of us with great vision,
with great vision like myself,
I have willed the fates to dim these perfect jellies
so many times, just so I can have some cool-looking glasses.
And you know what, friends?
It just, maybe it's because I wear Gunner shades.
Protect me from the-
Gunner optics.
Protecting your gamer from gamer rays.
Maybe it's that.
I don't know, but I have wanted this,
and there's just no way of doing it.
Let me break it down as to why I think
it is usually referred to as douchey.
You didn't put in the time.
I put in the time.
I've been wearing the glasses since second grade.
Yeah, they're cool fucking now.
You know when they weren't cool?
But any time before now.
It's like, what I don't want to see
is like 50 years from now,
like the new look is like those corrective,
like leg braces.
And people will perfectly fine legs
are wearing them like you assholes.
No, that's a great comparison.
Can I have designer crutches?
Because I think it'll make me seem erudite.
Can I carry around a designer colostomy bag
that's non-functioning?
Glasses are face crutches.
Yeah.
You're mocking the handicap.
Think about that.
And the thing is, you can then take them off
and not have to wear them anymore.
I cannot.
If I do that, I can no longer drive.
It's like blackface.
It's glasses face.
It's where you're at right now.
You've got shiny face.
It's super, super not like blackface,
like basically yellow.
No, it's exactly like blackface.
It's basically blackface.
It's basically, in short, like just exactly like blackface.
With all the socioeconomic repercussions
of that parallel, it is exactly the same thing.
Okay.
Super not.
But basically is exactly the same.
I wished for glasses too,
because I think it would help me to pull my look together.
But try to think two steps ahead.
This is my thing for 20 forward.
I think that people should be,
I think it's important to think forward too.
Don't just think about the now.
Think two steps ahead when someone asks you,
oh, you wear glasses too.
Why do you wear glasses?
And then I know that doesn't seem like
a super likely conversation starter,
but you never know.
As a glasses wearer, the occurrence of someone saying,
how strong are your glasses?
Here, let me try them on.
It's like, it's pretty damn common.
Do you guys know that ever since I was very young,
I have always harbored a secret suspicion
that sometime I would try on someone else's glasses.
Oh, that's the dream.
And my, right?
That's the dream.
And my vision would suddenly be like better than it is now.
Can I tell you though?
Perfect.
Can I tell you?
That is actually what happened to me.
I was like, yeah, let me see your glasses.
Let me try those on.
And I tried them on.
I was like, holy fuck, I can see through walls.
Is this what it was supposed to be the whole time?
And I went and got a vision test.
They're like, yeah, dog, your shit is jacked.
You have like no cones in there.
And so I-
It's all wrong.
It's all wrong.
What's going on?
I have dog eyes basically.
And so I got glasses and now they're back to normal.
Do you guys wear contacts?
Fuck no.
Sometimes.
Griffin, could you even do that?
Touch my eyeball?
Nope.
Like every day?
Yeah, I couldn't.
When I was a child and I took the vision test to determine if I needed glasses,
I wanted glasses so bad that for like the next six years,
I was so worried that I skewed the test just at like,
I was like, do I really need these?
Or did I?
And then like, I realized like, oh no, I do.
Cause I'm blind without them because I can't see shit without them.
Now, one thing you could do is you could start wearing prescription glasses
because I heard that Elton John started wearing prescription
glasses to look like Buddy Holly and eventually he needed them to see.
Like his eyes adjusted so that he needed them.
Yeah.
So I guess what I'm saying is-
I would call that putting in the time.
Yeah.
You commit to it, to messing up your eyes permanently.
Or just like throw some acid in your eyes.
Yeah.
Like a joker?
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
One eye.
One eyeball.
One eye.
Yeah, that's fine.
And then you can wear a monocle and that's like four times as cool as glasses.
Um, I, um, can you wear cosmetic contact lenses?
Can you wear like non-prescription contact lenses?
Only if they're clear.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
I'm not talking about like fucking now my, now my eyeballs look like playing card spades.
Like, no, it just, just regular old contact lenses.
So now I'm not allowed to wear my spade contacts anymore?
No, you can wear David Spade contacts that make your eyes look like David Spade's eyes,
which are the most beautiful eyes God ever created.
I have contacts that actually make my eyes look like little David Spades.
Little David Spades.
They're so sad.
It's haunting.
They're like the time after time of eyes.
My dear friend has asked me to officiate his upcoming wedding.
However, I'm not exactly qualified and pretty sure he only asked me due to a conflict with
the brother for the position of best man.
Anyway, God ordained for like eight bucks, but I still have no idea what I'm doing.
What should I do during this most sacred ceremony with a captive audience full of loved ones
as from makeshift minister?
You know who crushed this?
Our papa.
Our papa, Clint McElroy.
Married me away, gave me away, did it without crying too.
I thought that fool was going to blubber like Danny Glover.
No, he kept his shit together.
He kept it on lock.
In fact, I was actually a little disappointed by his total stone face lack of emotion.
He was crying down the back of his throat.
He was inwardly crying.
You know, it was great.
He actually was he had to sit in the corner after the ceremony for 30 minutes and just
cry to get it all because he'd stored it up and it was like drowning.
It was a hard cry.
It was an unattractive leap.
I tell you, the thing that dad did that I was really impressed by that I think is he
did a little bit of scat in the middle.
Well, he farted pleasantly.
What?
No, they said it couldn't be done.
He didn't make it about himself.
He made it about like he gave them a ceremony that would make them happy.
And I think when you have a captive audience like that, I know this would be hard for me
is like to make the ceremony like the Justin McElroy show.
Like, hey, you're going to listen to me talk for 15 or 20 minutes.
Like strap in because I love this attention.
I need it.
You know, I tell you what, our officiant, Jeremy Dubin, like we had a couple of meetings
with him where we just sat down and he was like, so what you know, what kind of ceremony
do you want?
And like we said, well, we'd like to have this kind of thing.
And we've seen this at a wedding before and we'd like to try that.
And he was like a little bit of scat in the middle, but it was like, you know, that way
we got a pretty customized wedding ceremony.
That was exactly what we wanted.
You know what I mean?
Instead of like, I'll surprise you.
Yeah, I think actually that's great advice, Trav.
The best thing you could do, I think, is talk, start talking now to the bride and groom about
sort of what sort of ceremony would make them the happiest.
Because if you can serve them, not only will that make them really happy, but the ceremony
is going to feel like them, which I think for both of you guys, like that was one of
the things that I really liked about both of your weddings is they felt like you.
Like they it didn't feel like a ceremony made for somebody else.
They felt very specific to you guys.
I know it sounds like I'm trying not to cry, but I'm actually trying not to burp.
So if all else fails, you could do like some 90s stand up comedy.
Yeah.
What is the deal with food at weddings?
It's good because it's wedding.
Make sure you get super Jesusy too.
Lean really, really.
You're going to feel.
Revelation shit, not like a.
No, get deep down in revelations, bust out like a Versa to a Leviticus.
You're going to feel an urge to not do that because they're going to tell you explicitly
not to do that.
You just got to push through.
Just got to push through their demands and requests.
Also just know that wedding guests love it when you run long.
Love it.
Love it.
Love it.
Love it.
They love it.
If you get on a free will and jazz oddesty, just talk about the Jesus.
Talking about Jesus.
Maybe do a quick invitational.
Nothing like you don't want it to be like more about Jesus than the people who are getting
married.
But if you want to do just a quick invitational and see if anybody's going to step out of the
way, feel free to ask.
You know what I mean?
If they're in your way, if they're slowing down your role, just ask the bride and groom
to kind of step to the side while you scat a little bit.
And the best place to do your scat invitational is right after they've exchanged rings and
vows, but right before you say, I now pronounce you man and wife.
Just to really give it that drop at the end.
Just like one last trial that everybody has to go through and then we can go drink.
It would also be great if you could arrange something like have a plant in the audience
that you've like built a skit into.
That's fun.
Oh, a fun skit.
Yeah.
Everybody loves skits.
Mid ceremony, do an entire Easter pageant.
That's something you can do complete with crucifixion scene.
And then wait three days.
And now I pronounce you man and wife.
My wife before, in a weird coincidence, my wife before we got married actually came to
our church a couple of times and she was, she's a Catholic.
When she found out about the invitational, when she witnessed that firsthand, she was
horrified.
Yeah.
Because suddenly there's a, it's confusing when you go to a Catholic church because there's
a lot of, there's a lot of moves and choreography that everybody else seems to know that you
don't know.
So it could be a little, you can feel a little lost at, and I would sort of resented that
like, well, it's so easy at my church.
You just kind of hang.
But Sydney pointed out to me and it's a very good point.
At our church, there was a moment where if you stood up at the wrong time, your whole
life is over.
There's a moment where if you stood up at the wrong time, you have to like rededicate
your life to Jesus or join the church or something.
Not only that, my favorite thing about the invitational is when sometimes you didn't
get a response from anyone.
So they would just kind of keep the music going.
Keep it going, keep it going, keep going.
And then like.
I feel like there's someone out there who's ready to commit.
What's always great is there would always be a guy, especially if like, when you had
more like Pentecostal type people, you know, more of that like very enthusiastic.
Snake eaters.
Snake eaters.
No, there's a word I'm looking for.
Not enthusiastic, but.
Ecclesiastic.
Anyway, ecclesiastic.
I don't know.
But you would have people who would stretch it out like youth camps and stuff, and they
would always say something like, listen, I know that this has been going on for a while,
but I just feel the Holy Spirit is telling me that somebody.
Write it out.
Somebody else needs to come up here and get right with the Lord.
Like the Spirit's telling me that.
And then inevitably, no one else would come up.
And which begs the question for me and began sowing some rather unpleasant seeds of doubt.
So was the Holy Spirit just like, ah, my bad.
I'm telling you, it's like Travis at a casino.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, I got this.
Here come the turn.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
That was the best, the dismount from that stance of like, well, all right then.
See y'all next Sunday.
Oh, have a safe drive home.
Okay.
All right, cool.
Anyway, do all that during the wedding.
Gonna be a hit.
Gonna be a great wedding.
We're gonna hit like a record.
We're actually gonna go through all of our questions on our questions list for this episode.
People can't get mad at us anymore about not doing enough questions because we're doing
more questions.
So go sign up.
So keep it in your face.
I have difficulty talking about my feelings.
My girlfriend is not happy about this, particularly in that sometimes she's angry about it.
And I don't blame her.
One of my big hangups is trying to explain my feelings with accuracy and exactness.
And with feelings being what they are, I end up at a loss for words.
Brothers, how do I do a better job of expressing how I feel?
That's from Gmail.
Flashcards.
Boy, three former Baptists, you have come to the right place.
See, you say that, but I have no problem expressing my feelings at any given time at the drop
of a hat.
I'll just do it.
Because for me, it's entirely physiological.
I mean, I cry often and freely.
Yeah, but I mean, that's a disorder.
That's not really an expression of your feelings because you could be crying and be like pretty
psyched.
Yeah, I have what the doctors call full eyes.
My problem a lot of times, and I've only learned this as I've gotten older, is that a lot of
times I don't know how I feel.
Like I don't, until I talk about it and like say the wrong thing several times, like trying
to get, it's like a mystery.
I'll be, I'll know something's up, but I won't know what it is that I'm feeling.
I'm not in touch with those feelings.
And that could be part of your problem that you're just not, unless you're talking about
it with somebody and like trying to work through it.
A lot of times I don't know exactly what I'm feeling.
For the longest time, whenever like people talked about having trouble expressing their
emotions, I really thought that what they were saying was like, they would feel sadness
and then somebody like, hey, are you okay?
And they would just go, yep.
And now I'm starting to suspect that really what's going on is like, because you're so,
I don't know if it's caught up in it or denying it.
Like you don't realize a lot of like, since I've been with Teresa, I've gotten better
at expressing emotions because instead of just like swallowing down or not acknowledging
it, like as we'll talk about it, I'll say out loud, like, I want you to know that I
am feeling angry right now.
And this is why, you know, so I don't think it has to be emotional in your sharing of
your emotions.
Sometimes it's just being honest and just saying like right now in this moment, I am
annoyed because of this or like, Hey, I just want you to know I'm really enjoying this
moment, you know?
And oh yeah.
Say it like that too.
That's good because I'll give her that not quite human vibe.
I'm just saying as a start, like you don't want to like jump in feet first into like
sad town.
And no, I'm just, I, for me, it's not that easy.
Like I don't like a lot of times I don't know.
Like I'll be short with somebody, right?
Or I'll be, I know I'm not having as much pleasure as I normally do.
And I don't know why.
And for me, that can be hard because I don't want to say I'll end up saying stuff that
I don't actually feel just like trying to get to something that feels.
I want pleasure.
Pleasure.
I need pleasure.
Pleasure.
Pleasure.
You know, but I don't think I, all I'm saying is that in any kind of communication that
you are inexperienced with, you got to start off, you know, small and practice it.
You don't want to just like jump into being the dude who is constantly like.
Crying.
Got to work out to having full eyes.
You can't just cry all the time or it's weird.
You got to work up to it until everyone just accepts that you're that dude who's moved
by particularly strong episodes of Family Matters.
The other, the other thing is you got to be careful about when you're, if you're not
sure like what your feelings are, you got to be careful to figure that stuff out before
you start talking about, start talking to the person who may have created those feelings.
Like if I try to work through my feelings with my wife, she knows that I'm a dummy and
she'll try to covertly, subliminally slip in when I might be upset about like, I don't
know, sweetheart, you've been really frustrated.
Maybe you're angry at yourself for never closing the cabinets ever.
And maybe you should do that from time to time and just see how that goes.
So that's.
How much of your anger is cabinet based?
How much of your anger is centered on cabinets and leaving them open all the time and never
closing them?
Do you guys ever do that?
Cause I do it.
No, I'm an adult.
Yeah, I'm supposed to be an adult.
Yeah.
I don't like it when like bugs get on my place cause I eat on those.
I mostly, I just take a lot of naps.
Naps are like train stops for your emotions.
They need time to get on and off.
When it gets a little bit too real, a little bit too hyphy in my life, my lifey, I'll just
take a quicker, quick nap-a-roo.
Cause like, you know what?
It worked when I was four and I'm 26 now and it still works pretty goddamn well.
And I wake up and my wife is like, how are you doing?
And the answer is always great.
I guess.
You know, my wife has just taught me, I had no idea.
Like so much of my emotions are hunger based.
Like I had no idea.
Like we, I think we were, when we were in Louisville, like we stopped for lunch.
It was like a really late lunch at like three o'clock and I'm eating a sandwich.
She was like, do you feel better?
I was like, yeah.
What?
Wait, why?
She's like, well, you've just been kind of frustrated for the last two hours.
I was like, oh no, that's just cause we couldn't find the place.
She's like, no, it's cause you're hungry.
It's like, oh, you're right.
You got me.
Just needed sandwich.
We needed a dose of vitamin sandwich.
We are a bunch of fucking eat beasts.
Yeah.
We're a bunch of monsters.
I don't have like, I really do think I don't have that many complex emotions.
I don't want to sound like I'm like a free spirit or whatever over here, but like,
I never feel like I have emotions that are too complex to describe.
It usually really is like, how are you Griffin?
I don't know.
Kind of bored.
Like, I'm not joking.
Like, I'm not like, I just been thinking about death a lot lately.
It's really mostly like, I don't know.
The cat woke me up last night, so I'm a little bit sleepy.
Well, that could be the problem Griffin.
I think about death a lot.
You should think about death instead.
Okay.
Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Let me give it a shot.
Oh my God.
Oh no, it's all going to stop one day.
It's all just going to stop one day.
Oh no, no, no, no.
That's what your 30s are like.
I'm not going to be here one day.
It's just going to stop.
I need a nap.
That could be a good thing to do during a wedding ceremony.
You too, I've known you your whole lives.
You're so perfect for each other.
It's all going to stop one day.
No, no, no.
Griffin, you're joking.
Do you know how many times I've had that exact, like, mid episode?
We talk about like ghost horses and shit.
I'm like, yeah, and another thing about, oh God, it won't stop.
I actually had that conversation with someone last night.
It's all going to stop.
Think about it.
Cake boss, right guys?
Goofs and goofs and goofs and goofs.
We're the ones that distract you from death.
Who is to distract us?
No one.
Yeah, well, that's all the distractions.
Let's shut it down.
I'm going to see the Lego movie.
It's going to wash the fucking taste of this episode right out my mouth.
That's all the distraction you get for this week.
You can start the episode over again.
Just stave off the darkness for a bit longer.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Like, Mugi, Reagan, Bryn Matheny, Vaughn Pimpin, Nick Vandersteen, Garrett Smith retweeted
MBNBA and Wisdom.
If you don't follow that account, they just crossed 3000 followers.
It's just MBNBA in quotes.
You'll enjoy it.
Britton Peel, Jeannie Leslie, Jonathan, Scott Ackerman.
Listen, guys, did you know that they're trying to get into Space Jam 2 made?
That's a thing that a lot of you brought to our attention, and we really appreciate that.
Laura Stratford, Sean DeGrade, Jeff Kroll, so many others.
Thank you for tweeting about our program.
I don't know how I feel.
I don't know how I feel about the jam too.
The jam revisited.
You feel very good about it.
I feel great.
That's right.
I just couldn't find the right words for it.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's great.
All their albums are great.
Check that one out.
Check out When I Pretend to Fall.
They're all super good.
Thank you, John, and The Long Winters.
And I want to say thanks again to LegalZoom.
Think about death.
You go to LegalZoom, make yourself a will.
LegalZoom is not a law firm, but provides self-help services at your specific direction.
Really, if you haven't checked it out, go check it out.
And use the discount code MYBROTHER for all of your death savings needs.
Put us in your will.
Put us in your will.
And we'll mention you on the show.
That's a terrible idea.
I wonder if, like, LegalZoom listens to these episodes and goes,
man, they really just kind of focus on that death aspect a lot.
Yeah, they really hit that death note real hard.
Go check out the other shows.
They'll provide you with other distractions from your mortality.
Go check out The Goose Down.
Check out Bullseye.
Check out Jordan Jesse Goh, Judge John Hodgman, Throwing Shade, Saw Bones, Wham Bam Pow.
Lots of good ones.
There's so many, Jesus.
And they just announced Max, the boatparty.biz 2014.
Yeah, that's exciting.
Yeah, so go check that out.
And Max Fondrive is coming up, so start, you know, warming up your checkbooks.
Start revving up your checkbooks.
Start practicing your signature.
Yeah, no, we'll have lots of extra bonus shit that we need to produce.
When are we going to produce that bonus shit, guys?
Let's figure that out later.
All right, you guys want a final Yahoo?
Please.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Colton Burke.
Thank you, Colton.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Alan Aldifan, who asks, what religion is Tim Allen?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me Kiss Your Dad.
Can I get in there?
Can I get a fucking word in edgewise?
I'm Griffin McElroy, and this has been My Brother, My Brother,
and Me Kiss Your Dad Square in the Lips.
How does it feel, you piece of shit?
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
This is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a show called One Bad Mother, a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
Guess what?
We both just had babies.
Again.
Check out the show enjoyed by breeders and ballers alike on iTunes or Maximum Fun dot org.
