The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it? Just say, hey, I wanna. Just say, hey, I wanna.
Welcome, my brother, my brother. Be an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother.
What the fuck are you doing? You just have like one knee on your leg and standing,
sitting, lying down. Sit down or sit down. Okay. Welcome, my brother, my brother. Be an
advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
And I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
You know, yeah. Justin. Travis. I've always said Columbus is the horniest city,
and now it's proven to be true. You can keep your New Orleans. You can keep your Las Vegas
side. Wow, two whole cities just for me? I'll take horny Columbus, as I thought.
Horny Columbo. Horny Columbo, by the way, would be a good remake of Columbo. Okay.
Okay. Just one more question. Is it on? One more question. You feeling this?
Speaking of a pleasant person in the sound booth, if you could turn the monitor from wherever it's
at now up to horny so I can hear the talking, that would be excellent. My dad did a great thing
talking about sports, which I love. And understood all of it. And then he did this great thing where
he spelled half of Ohio. And in my head, all I could think was, I wonder what other words these
guys know how to spell. Well, you know what's round on the end and high in the middle? Ohio.
Yeah. It's great. Y'all do riddles too. Cool. Okay. All right. What can't you see and can't
you touch, but if you put it in a barrel, it makes the barrel lighter. Wow. You're wrong.
Negative water. You stupid. I've actually had some that I've been trying to crack that I'm
going to pitch to you guys. I got a junior jumble at home. We are all full of hot, wild Ohio energy.
We are also very excited because today is the day of the Kentucky Derby.
I love the weird Venn diagram of our podcast of like people who want to go see my brother,
my brother and me, but also at the mere mention of horses.
I kid you not. Dad was backstage like an amateur bookie, literally asking us like,
you want to play some bets? I have a website where I can play some bets.
I don't think, I mean, he took money from someone and placed a bet for them. He is no longer about
the juice. He's no longer an amateur. He is in the pro space. He is a bookie now. Paul,
I changed my mind. I hate the hook. It's making my microphone come off. Please come fix it, Paul.
No, don't you touch it. I don't fucking trust you.
Let's just lose the hook. It's our first tour with the headset mics. We're still figuring shit out.
Paulandstorm.com. Get off, buy all Paul's music.
We only buy Paul and Storm on MySpace. We only pay Paul in mentions, so please
make this deal pay off. Okay, here's the name of some horses.
43 to one, a long shot. Free drop, Billy. Fuck yeah. Wait, hold on. What do you think the three
different drops are? Free, free. F-R-E-E free drop. I thought it said like drop one. He dropped
some knowledge on you. Drop two. The bass. I know very little about- Drop three. You drop to the
ground because you're so impressed by both this knowledge and the bass. I know very little about
horses despite the fact that they are a rich comedy vein for us for reasons beyond my understanding.
I don't think you want your horse to drop in any way, especially unrestrained to the ground.
Promises fulfilled. I like this one. That's good. But you better like, if you say like,
oh hey there Derek, I'm gonna win the big race today, but you fucking better now. Yeah,
that's a promise. We got Flame Away. We got Audible. Glad that they're branching out.
We got MeUndies. We got Sam Stockhart. We got Warby Parker. We will not be able to run
advertisements on this episode or my brother, my brother and me. 9 to 1, good magic. I like that
what must have happened there is someone go, I know what we'll call this horse. We'll call it
Great Magic. I like the word magic. We got to get this in the horse name somewhere. What's
a good modifier for magic? And then they thought about it for 14- Wait, what did you just say?
Run it back a couple of words. We got Justify 3 to 1. Good odds there, I guess. I don't know
how gambling works. Lone Sailor. That's kind of a sad one. My Boy Jack. That's good because it's
exactly what I'm going to call the horse. You can give your horse a name and I'll just be like,
oh well that's my boy Justify. They went ahead and we got Mendelssohn. If I could give a wedgie
to a horse. Yeah, right? Griffin, read me 56 to 1 odds there. Oh yeah, you're talking about
entice. No, no, no. What I love, it must be clear, it is not entice or enticing but rather
the past tense, enticed. I have been enticed. Oh, a horse you say, I am enticed. Tell me more.
We have a combatant and at 77 to 1 odds, I doubt that very much. No, no, no, he is a combatant. 99
to 1. 99 to 1 is instilled regard so it's as good at racing as it is at having a fucking name.
60 to 1, Firenze Fire. This is about as good as it gets. Yeah, right? Yeah. Oh, hold on. The owner,
according to the Kentucky Derby website, is named Mr. Amore Stable.
What are you going to do when you grow up? What else have I got to do? What the fuck else can I do?
I love Stable. I love Stable. That's the Derby. Who won? I don't know. I don't want to spoil it.
Justify won? Justify I guess. I'm rich. I told my dad to put down 10,000 on Justify. So we're
looking good. You did that, right old man? We know who the winner is though and that's nobody.
This was the wettest Kentucky Derby ever. Louisville is like flash flood warning right now
and so I'm just saying let Firenze Fire... A lot of horses died. Can you stop making horny jokes
for like a second? I think if three horses die, that's too many. But two is... That's fine. I mean
you can't make an omelet, can't make a race omelet, etc, etc. This is an advice show as you
from a certainly guessed by now. It's not about any specific sci-fi franchises. It's just a regular
advice show. Was anybody at the Detroit show last night? Okay. Shit. So you keep what we did to
yourselves. Yeah. May take a while for that one to hit the old RSS feed. Some real desperate
circumstances. I just want to say one thing about that. I didn't get to... The whole reason... There
was one reason I wanted to do a show about Star Wars and it was to cover an important fact I
learned. I didn't get to say it so I'm gonna say it here so it's not lost to fucking posterity.
So you know the Cantina band, right? Okay. Tell us about it. It's just a band of weird dogs and
people and it's getting strange in space and they're not that good so they're playing at a bar
and one of the people and one of the things... Muppets. One of the Muppets in the band
is literally named Droopy McCool.
Steven Spielberg's friend George Lucas
reached into the future imagined our podcast stole a name from it took it back to 19 or
whatever 80 something and then put it into his show Star Wars because he named one of them
Droopy McCool. And somewhere a young Paul Reubens went that's a good name. Yeah here we go. I want
to open with Yahoo. Alexander Fitzpatrick sent this one in. Thank you, Alexander. It's Yahoo
answers users. Sorry something's gone wrong. Of course it's the fucking worst website ever made.
I can't believe how tied my career is to it. Droopy McCool asks...
Droopy McCool! Yeah it's great. It does sound like an AIM screen name like a 10 year old comes up
with. Droopy McCool. All right you're locked into that for the next decade. Droopy McCool asked
Scooby Doo question? Scooby Doo question. How did a dog have so much power in that series?
Dogs are usually subservient to the humans.
This is a great question. Wait how much power how much power did Scooby Doo have?
Very rarely were they like we're gonna go investigate this mystery and Scooby Doo is like
uh pass. Any power at all is too much power. There's a murderer at large.
It's been a while since I've seen Scooby Doo.
There's a murderer at large and the dog's like and you're like yeah no.
Unless it's like a canine unit and he sniffs murder drugs. I've lost what I was thinking of.
He is uh a lot of people don't know this he is a detective. Well we're tired. He's a reincarnated
retired detective. He's a bad detective not like bad lieutenant bad detective. Wait okay wait.
The bad detective that died. Yeah. And this came back as a dog to fight crime poorly. Obviously.
And once he solves 100 crimes he gets to go to heaven.
Okay let me do a slight twist on this. Oh good. He is a bad detective. Yeah.
Oh. Bad at his job or just crooked? Probably both. Yeah very rarely is there a cop who's like yeah
he's amazing at catching bad guys but also he is one. Uh okay but what about house?
How do you feel about that pool just a little in the moment behind the scenes?
Now listen I was trying to remember the name of the one with Rainn Wilson in it.
Mudd. No. Mudd? What? That's his character from Star Trek Discovery. The answer is Backstrom.
But that doesn't make it funny and that's so important. Okay so so here's the important
context about Scooby Doo. So he was tasked with solving 100 crimes. Yeah. To be freed from his
curse and then he found out about sandwiches. Yeah. And he was like oh wait fuck I didn't know
about these breaded delights. I don't want to go back. And that's why he's to hell?
How? Hold on. Very rarely is that what happens in cursed ghost shows is like and yes after
you complete 100 challenges you can go back to hell. Yes. Sick.
I think that the problem is they follow him a lot. The most unrealistic thing about Scooby
Doo if I can point to one. Wait no slow down. Uh-huh. The most unrealistic thing about Scooby
Doo if I can point to one is that they follow him a lot and he is never going over to hump something.
I think I think just once it should be like Scoob's got a lead and Scoob's like no no no no
do not follow me in here. I got dog stuff to do. I didn't see. Oh he's just shitting. Yeah I saw
I didn't see a clue. I saw a pillow that look had a crease in it. Is the clue under the crease pillow?
No I'm telling you. You guys have to fucking go somewhere else right now. Please give me one
minute to my fucking self and I would have gotten away with it. Oh shit what are you doing? What they
don't tell you is that Scooby snacks are full of dog Viagra. So every time that they give him one
a Shaggy one I don't know what it does to Shaggy. Trips him the fuck out. Trips out on dog Viagra.
But the thing is episode one of Scooby Doo he gets fixed and that everything I have to still be
fucking horny. A lot of you are really serious like oh what oh no. Also they would definitely
make Shaggy unhorny right? Probably. I went to Taco Bell for the first time in 12 years. Nice
congratulations. It's a question. I've been there much more recently than that and I realized once
I looked at the menu that I had no idea what to order. Like I would at other restaurants
I asked the cashier what would you recommend?
Thank thank you for doing this for me. The cashier just stared at me so I guess that's
not a normal thing to ask at Taco Bell. You don't say. What can I do to feel like less
of an absolute dweeb after this? Also what should I order next time I go to Taco Bell?
That's from Crunchwrap Supreme embarrassment in Columbus. Are you here?
All right. I'm okay. Here's my question. I'm glad you're still with us. This is my question. You
don't have to answer it. It would be ridiculous if you did. You're not microphone. So you went
to Taco Bell not knowing what you wanted so you just looked at a Taco Bell and thought I like the
idea of that. Yeah I think it's fair to be like it was pretty buckwild last time I went in in the 90s.
I'm gonna see what's up. There's a lot of smash mouth branding that went on. Let me find out real
quick what's going on at Taco Bell these days. My opinion is if you decide to eat at Taco Bell
you are already dead. You will die instantly as soon as the food crosses the plane of your
mouth hole. And so if you're gonna do it you may as well like if you're gonna go to town you might
as well go into Lincoln and you may as well get something in the Crunchwrap family. You may as
well get the dare food that we call Doritos Blasted Tacos. Some sort of Baja soda. Some sort
of Baja inspired soda would be a good compliment. My favorite menu item that Taco Bell ever offered
was called the Seven Layer Crunchwrap and they no longer take you. A lot of fond memories.
These are my people. It was my favorite thing and they discontinued it for safety reasons.
And uh but if you remember the components and honestly at this point it's like
go on can you just let me for a second. If you remember the components and it's been so many
years since they've offered this item it's basically folklore at this point. A spoken
tradition passed down through families that you how to get the Seven Layer Crunchwrap.
But when I go to Taco Bell literally for me ordering is like about five minutes long because
it's like not this not this add that add this and I'm adding some buckwild things.
I'm getting fucking guilt because I'm like and also red strips and like on the Crunchwrap
don't fucking give me shit. You came up with it got me hooked and then discontinued it's your
fucking fault. You're reverse engineering a Seven Layer Crunchwrap. I'm reaching into the past I'm
pulling out a Seven Layer Crunchwrap without lettuce or tomato because I'm eating Taco Bell.
How dare you. God it makes me angry.
It's a safety thing. It's like packing peanuts. Whatever space they take up in your stomach with
lettuce is space you can't put more Taco Bell into. Is it okay to ask what year their Mountain Dew
Baja Blast is? What the vintage? Garcon? Garcon? Garcon why would you pair? If the answer to that
question if the answer to the question what year is your Mountain Dew Baja Blast is anything other
than 2018. Ain't a good vintage. Don't do not do that dude. Also let's let's get let's be fair to
the cashier because I don't think it's just that they were unhelpful. You said what would you
recommend and they responded with silence. I think you got your answer. What should I have um
the void I guess you should have the void because there's no you should go over to Zaxby's
and fucking kick it. This is the closest that that cashier has ever felt to an EMT.
What should you get? Save a life. I could save someone. Now if I just save 99 more people
then I get to go back to hell.
How many references to the the 99 whatever. Two more and we get a free sandwich. Yeah yeah uh
this is Yahoo sent in from Alan Mulhall. 93 more and we get to go back to hell.
Can't wait. What do you guys like to get hey just hold on a second what do you guys like to get at
Taco Bell? The pizza. Sit back sit back in your seat. Griffin what do you like to get at Taco Bell?
I do the fucking Doritos Locos. I wasn't joking earlier like if I'm gonna fuck myself up I may
as well have the good mouth experience of the Doritos flavor. That's very true you wouldn't go
to Taco Bell and be like what's your healthiest option? Sydney does this. Sydney gets the tacos
fresco style. What? Just like fresh ingredients that they'll put on there legally. It's gonna
fuck you up either way. Okay Alan Mulhall sent this one in. Thank you Alan. It's an anonymous
Yahoo Answers user. I'll call him Jumbo. Is that because we said Columbo earlier? Maybe who knows
how the brain works. Jumbo asks my my grandfather is always trying to kill me in my dreams.
I have a good relationship with him but he is always trying to kill or harm me and sometimes
my mom in my dreams. What does this mean? How good could that relationship be? Yeah there's some deep
seated stuff there. I mean who knows how the brain works. It's a wonderful device the brain
because your grandpa comes to you at 8 pm and is like I hope you had a good day fishing Timothy.
I'm gonna lay you down in the bed now give you a sweet kiss for pep pep good night my favorite
grandson. 10 minutes later Timothy. Timothy I want to tell you some stories about the war Timothy.
The war the war for your dreams Timothy. That's right your pep pep's gotta gotta harvest your
dreams now. Step aside here hold my scythe. I'm gonna gather up your dreams my grandson Timothy
Krueger. Timothy is it bedtime already Timothy? We had a fun day of fishing. They go fishing
every day? Yes. They're fishermen what do you want? They have to make a living. What do they
just do? I got your Werther's original here for you to suckle on and let the sweet caramel taste
take you to dreamland. Good night Timothy. Timothy I got your poison Werther's original Timothy.
One of their one of their least popular variants of Werther's original. I love the soft caramel
not crazy about the poisoned. You can only find them in certain sit-gos. You have to defeat your
grandfather in your dreams. Yes. I'm sorry Justin if I know one thing about fighting dream walkers
you have to pull scary dream grandfather out of your dreams and fight him in the real world.
It's the kick and fight him in the real world. Yes Travis sorry I wasn't paying attention to
the last thing you said in your sentence which was super cool and made a heck of a lot of sense.
You gotta kick your real granddaddy's ass. I think we all now we all got there.
Dreams are just made up of things that you experienced in real life. Correct. So if you
kick your old dad's dad's ass frightening ass your brain is going to be like oh yeah I remember
that. Here's some super strength Timothy enjoy it. Yeah thanks dreams. Punch punch punch. It's
me your medulla oblongata I got you a sword because you beat up your old grandfather in
your real life. He was trying to teach you to fish and you punched him real good so here you go.
Hey real grandpa I'm going to hold this sword and I need you to say I'm weak to being stabbed
by a sword out loud right now. Hold on let me remember it. Anything for you Timothy I love you
very much. I totally understand I've been there I had to kill my grandfather in my dreams. Thanks
Pep Pep I need to go to sleep right now while this is still fresh. Yes of course it's 4 30. Shall I sing
you a good night song? Yes please. Yes I love the good night song. Dr. Phil's not even over
I can't believe you're going to sleep already. My wife and I recently found out that we're going to
be having a boy in September. Naturally boy. That word's fucking ruined. But I'm a little worried
our son is going to want to play with my cool cool toys. I don't have any brothers so I never
had to share growing up and I'm still not good at sharing now. I'm worried that it's not going to be
so easy to share once he's here and wants to play. So my question to three dads who are also brothers
how can I tell my son not to touch my shit and to get his and to get his own toys that's from
Possessive in Pittsburgh are you here? Yeah. Listen as a dad I just want to say your head's in the
exact right place I think you're ready. This is what you should be thinking about for sure. You
really should because there's way more heinous shit that you're gonna have to worry about
savor these moments. Right and also I will say uh your your child's not here yet right?
Cool. So you got some time to get a second house that's your play house with all your fun toys.
Yeah. Like all well adjusted grown-ups. Yeah. That you're gonna have a lot of time to sneak off to.
Because that is the thing that's surprising when you have a kid the free time. Yeah. It's abundant.
For you to hop in the car drive the 15 minutes to your storage unit where you can fondle your
amiibos and then drive back home. Because your child will look because of how often your baby
child will look at you and go you know what I'm good for 15 minutes. I'm solid papa. It's good.
No we're being mean. It's you can't really be afraid of the right stuff because for me I was
afraid of the poop part of it. When what I should have been afraid of is not that I would have to
touch the poop in some way when the diapers get changed. But that you have to develop a deep
fascination in how much you're going to have to investigate the poop for. Like fucking like the
guy that Jeff Goldblum plays in Jurassic Park and really get in there to make sure that. Malcolm
Gladwell. Yes. You're afraid of changing the diapers but you don't anticipate the moment
where you're like I can't believe they haven't shit in a while. I know. I miss it. God I would
love to change the diaper right now. The first time I my baby I changed a shitty diaper it was
very early on it was like second day. And that's one good day you had. You had one super good day.
Well I mean like it was the next morning. Okay. And very early on when the baby shits it looks
like their butthole is blowing like a tar bubble. It's so fucking it's so fucking gnarly they don't
even call it poop. Yeah it's called like merconium. Yeah and it happened and I looked at the nurse.
Somebody's cheering like yes I love it. Yeah that was the best. I looked at the nurse.
If Justin was the nurse I went like this. Okay I'm the nurse. Yeah. Yeah. Because I thought oh
that's the devil. Yeah. Coming out of my baby's butthole. Sin. All right we can't. That's actually
all your hopes and dreams. Yeah listen you are overest as a as a as a parent let me tell you
you are currently overestimating the value of the toys and underestimating the value that they'll
just fucking chill out for a second. If I I don't I don't know which of my earthly possessions I
would not trade away for my many children to just be fucking chill for a second.
Anything. My college diploma. Here my shorty award from 2008 for being great at Twitter. Here
flush it down the fucking toilet. This is an interaction that happens with Teresa and I
basically every day BB screams and reaches for something and I just instinctively go to hand it
to her. Teresa's like you can't give her a fork. Just give me a second. And I'm like but maybe it would be fine
after that. For like 45. If my son my 17 month old son could speak and say if you throw your Game
Boy in a river I'll chill for 30 seconds I would have to run the calculus and like do I can I take
the cartridge out and he's like no I no I I only like it because of all the Pokemon you're drowning.
Can I? No Papa I must feel alive. Daddy I only want you to drown the Pokemon that's why I'm
making you do this. Drown them for me dad. But I'll give you a half minute to say goodbye. To
say goodbye. I'll be real quiet. Let me give you and everybody in the audience if you ever want to
have a child the number one pro tip that will protect your toys protect your child somewhat
just get them a big spindle of blank CDRs. Folks listen.
Take them off. Fun frisbee on the back side. It's like a little mirror for babies. They can put them
back on it can take them back off you don't need to burn a CD ever again because it's 2018. A big
spindle of blank CDRs. Although if you do burn a CD full of treasured family photos and then delete
them they will have a lot more fun with it. Yeah they'll be crazy about the idea that is amazing
intuitiveness of a child where you're like here are 50 hundred toys that I bought you and they're
like cool cool give me your phone. Yeah this is nothing. This is my only toy. I just want this.
This is a little portal daddy gets to look at to disappear for a second. We love our children though
and we love them so much. This is a yahoo sent in by Esther Joy. Thank you Esther. It's yahoo answers
user. I don't even want to fucking say this one time. I've had to say so many bad ones will you
do this one. Yes but I'm gonna pronounce it weird so that it is cloaked. Well you'll fuck it up it's
eat baby seals. Don't laugh like it's funny. This user asked how did you feel the first time
you ate at golden corral. When you first saw that beautiful avenue of sweaty food.
That temple of chumps. That fucking tenement of appetizers. Golden corral first time I ever ate
at golden corral was December the 24th. Oh Jesus. That was not the first wait no that was the first.
Can I institute our own no bummers policy. There's nothing that's a bummer about going to golden
corral Christmas eve the night the year after your mom died and visiting her tombstone and then
going to go just go out to dinner afterwards at golden corral. Yeah it's the least depressing thing
that's ever happened to anybody. Here's the thing the amazing thing about it is it did become. Hold
on take a second. We're gonna get back to jokes now and that was a joke of a different sort so
you're gonna need a second to sort of get back into the vibe. It kind of became straight out
of like a Zach Braff movie. It did get very Zach Braff. It was so depressing that it became funny
because of like this seems like a character of depression. We went to the owner of golden
corral and we're like could you stop playing Elliot Smith and he said we're not. It's just
you know that scene you know that scene in the santa claus. Don't laugh at that great thing I said.
Fuck. All right now see it's interesting. That scene in the santa claus where he looks around
and he's at all the other dads there. That was our golden corral experience because
it was packed. A lot of a lot of people who commuted from the cemetery. Yes. How did you
feel the first time you ate at golden corral? I one time went and ate at the golded corral. Yeah.
The gilded corral. I ate there before going on to high school because dad was doing an early morning
remote there so I went and had a 6 a.m breakfast. You got your belly full of learning fuel. I ate
a shit ton of gummy bears. It is it is weird the first because you're not quite a not quite a girl
not yet a woman and you're in that in between phase where someone says there's a bunch of gummy
bears up here and nobody's gonna say shit about it. If you do you know if you take your three-year-old
to golden corral on a saturday morning at 9 a.m there's cotton candy just like there.
Do you know this there's no one says no no one said no they say actually yes please feed the child
so we can harvest them. That is my favorite thing to watch. It's a big gingerbread house. To watch
the the the 7 a.m kind of golden corral breakfast that is both nine-year-olds and 90 year olds
who both don't care about where it's going after that. Yeah whatever. Oh Trav. It's just a little
much. Let me ask a follow-up. How did you feel after the first time you ate a golden corral?
Um like I could take on the world. I actually oh no I'm sorry like I had to shit real bad. Yeah.
I actually like golden corral. There's a lot of different food there for a real reasonable price.
Yeah you know what if you have a bad if you have a bad golden corral experience it's kind of your
fucking fault. Thank you. Are you telling me with an entire boulevard of food. Of broken dreams.
If you don't pick if you don't fill your plate with things that that good mood food then you're
it's your own fault. You can definitely find some edible stuff there. Hold on you won't make it sound
like there's a tiny door that if you just push through had good food behind it. There's a
metaphorical one for sure. It's not. They do toast. There's not a hackable way to have a good
feeling golden corral. I'm not saying you go there in the evening and have shrimp and prime rib. I'm
saying you go there in the morning they make this toast and I don't know how they're doing it. It's
butter. It's just a lot of butter and then they fry the toast but it is great. On my slow carb
cheat days I would roll in the golden crown and just eat a bunch of fucking bread. To be wait
hold on to be fair if it was a cheat day or last meal golden corral is the stuff. That's what it
says on their signs. I mean the picture of Jeff Foxworthy. If this is your cheat day or your last
meal welcome partner. It's a picture of Jeff Foxworthy in the electric chair like might as
well. He's holding four forks and it's just ready. That's a good hack actually. If you see your last
meal and you're like uh I want golden crown they're like okay and you're like sucker it's
an infinite meal dude. I never leave it. Are you full? Are you full yet? No. You've been to the
bathroom 48 times. You've been here two hours. You know they carve meat on site. What? On site. What?
Yes if you want them to cut up and cook some of their own hand they'll fucking do it. It's golden
corral have it your way baby. How about a mid yahoo. Okay yes. Mid final yahoo. It's from yahoo
and another anonymous yahoo answers user I don't have it in me to give them a funny name right now
I'll call them Mr Amor Stables. I found it. Asks when Dorothy goes back to Kansas at the end of
the Wizard of Oz what happens to Ms Gulch at the end of the movie? She never comes back again for
the dog. This would be the way better ending to the Wizard of Oz. Yes. If Dorothy comes back
and then Ms Gulch rolls up like sorry bout I'm glad you're safe. My house got fucked up it looks
like yours did too and this is like the dust bowl. We're gonna get through this together though.
Oh all your cows oh no oh no oh no. My husband got sucked up. Yeah he's gone. My husband got
forced through a tree. Yeah I haven't seen him yet. Gonna need that dog though. I'm gonna need to go
ahead and take the dog still. Nothing has changed vis-a-vis the dog. I understand that we're all in
a difficult place but law is law. Does she at some point produce a batch? Like as far as I know. She brings
the police? Wait I don't know. That's a slow time I guess for them. Why the fuck does she need the
dog? Because there's an infinity gem inside the dog. Okay we're done. That's good we're just gonna
leave it there it's fine it's fine. We'll be back after intermission. We love you. We'll be right
back. Hey everybody it's Griffin and we're gonna do the ads and I hope you're enjoying the live
show that we did in Columbus on our most recent tour. Travis is on vacation this week hence the
live show. Just a note about the audio we were trying to use these new headset mics that we put
on our faces so I guess we can do you know our Backstreet Boys moves and LARPing on the stage but
I don't like the audio quite as much and so if it sounds a little bit tinny that's that is why and
we're gonna go back to using stick mics I think from now on. Also as long as we're talking about
some bullshit you're about to hear in the second half of the show we started doing this new way
doing audience questions where we screen them ahead of time people send in one sentence emails
and we mentioned this at the beginning of the show and I cut a lot of it out because it took a very
long time but yeah we're doing a new way doing audience questions because the audience questions
had started to get a little they were moving away from like why we enjoyed doing the audience
questions in the first place and so we tried it this new way and I think it turned out really
really well and we we were really happy with with these these questions from the Columbus show so I
think that's how we're gonna do it from from now on so uh yeah you're gonna hear that here in just
a little bit but first I'm gonna tell you about some sponsors. First off I want to tell you all
about Bowl and Branch. Bowl and Branch they make all kinds of great cloth stuff mostly though I'm
gonna talk about those sheets. If you've ever stayed at a five-star hotel you know how good
you can feel in those sheets. Bowl and Branch sheets turn your bedroom into a luxury suite.
You're never gonna want to get out of bed again. I mean that was true before but for other reasons
but now that these soft sheets are here I've just kind of doubled down on the whole sort of concept.
Bowl and Branch sheets are crafted from 100 organic cotton that means Bowl and Branch sheets
not only feel incredible but they look amazing. You're getting twice the comfort and style at half
the price. You can try them for 30 nights and see for yourself and if you're not impressed you can
return them for a full refund. Go to bowlandbranch.com today and you'll get $50 off your first set of
sheets plus free shipping when you use the promo code MYBROTHER. That's $50 off plus free shipping
right now at bowlandbranch.com spelled b-o-l-l and branch.com promo code MYBROTHER bowlandbranch.com
promo code MYBROTHER. I also want to tell you all about Zip Recruiter. Zip Recruiter is the thing
that you use when you need somebody for a job but you don't know them already. Like say for instance
I needed you know a zookeeper so if you're hiring while posting your position to job sites and
waiting and waiting for the right people to see it that stinks on high. Zip Recruiter revolutionized
hiring. Their technology finds great candidates for you, learns what you're looking for, identifies
people with the right experience, maybe zookeeping, and it invites them to apply to your job. Right
now our listeners can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com slash MYBROTHER. That's ziprecruiter.com
slash MYBROTHER all one word. Zip Recruiter the smartest way to hire. Zookeepers. I bought a zoo
and I have no fucking idea what I'm doing with these things. I want to tell you all about Return
to the Past. It is a podcast about it's a very niche podcast that I think that is the I can say
this it is the premier podcast about the subject that it covers. They say you know what we're
excited about brothers Code Lyoko a French cartoon from the 2000s that's part Matrix part soap opera
and part that show with the foreheads. We are three awkward 20-somethings and longtime fans
and we're so eager to talk that we made Return to the Past a podcast and they've put a hyphen in
between pod and cast which I've never seen before but it makes a lot of sense a podcast where we do
just that. Join us as we recap the show and kind of make fun of it but also get emotional at these
very good teens risking everything and saving the world. You can find this podcast on iTunes or
Google Play just search for Return to the Past or you can find them at at RTTP podcast on tweedo.
Here's a message for laser girl and it's from the professor who says happy birthday laser girl this
was as close to your birthday as I could get it's been a great few years with you and I can't wait
for more. We should play more D&D. I miss Riss Krangle and Blavid Dane. Let's get some fancy food
tonight cuddle up and watch some terrible movies love always. The professor wanted this around
their January birthday so just barely beefed it on that one by about you know a third of a year but
we do our best and here's a message for Sydney and it's from mom dad and Brian who say congrats
on graduating from college. We are so proud of you and excited to see your future. You'll always find
a D&D group no matter where you go. Sorry we couldn't go on the JoCo cruise last year but not
seeing Travis at Gen Con was your own fault. Travis is so omnipresent at this point what with his con
appearances and his book tours and his stand-up specials and his street busking that if you don't
have at least one Travis interaction like per month it really is your own fault. There's probably
more stuff that I'm supposed to talk about here in the ad section but I think we probably covered
it when we did the show in Columbus so I'm just gonna let you get right back the hell into it.
Um thank you again for listening we'll be back with another uh non non-live a dead episode
next Monday so I'll talk to you then bye. Is there a dog in a car at a bar on the street?
I'm Alay Gringo a small dog owner my dog pistachio howls when she's excited and I'm
Riddick Culvert a big dog owner my dog tugboat tips over when he's sleepy and we co-host a podcast
called Can I Pet Your Dog that airs every Tuesday we bring you all things dog yes dog news dog tech
dogs we met this week we also have pretty famous guests on butt legs we're not gonna let them talk
about their projects no just want to hear about those dogs we don't want to hear about your stuff
only your dogs so join us every Tuesday on Max Fun.
This is now a medley you can make your nostrils get real big.
Hello welcome to Munch Squad.
The podcast we got a podcast celebrating the latest and greatest in quick serve menu innovations
the Dairy Queen system I shit you not.
The Dairy Queen system has introduced its first summer blizzard treat menu which is filled with
iconic summer inspired flavors and new innovations and it's available at DQ and DQ Grill and Chill
locations that's where you want to go by the way if you can get to a DQ Grill and Chill
from picking fresh berries in a field to enjoying a summer blockbuster movie at a drive-in
DQ has neither of those things do I do uh it's got a special blizzard treat to make every summer
moment feel even sweeter the the the Berkshire Hathaway company is that's Warren Buffett's joint
that that bought DQ and he's going to slip that in like mm appetizing a whole lot of yummy dude
delightful in what universe is ice cream flavored treats ice cream treat not a summer
summer they've already got summer on lock yeah like oh what are we gonna do with this ice cream
well no one's gonna want to eat it when it's hot the um new uh the summer blizzard treat menu
includes the new Jurassic Chomp with peanut butter that's not summer themed it is because
it's a summer blockbuster peanut butter blizzard treat in partnership with Universal Pictures
Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom which includes the DQ brand's largest mix in candy ever
that's what I want is a toothier blizzard right it's colossal choco dipped peanut butter bites
and fudge topping blend with vanilla soft serve and it's inspired by Jurassic Park 3 little chunks
of actor Richard Schiff just little little pieces of Schiff there's a s'mores one and a cotton candy
one etc etc we are really excited about this summer blizzard treat menu launch says Maria
Hockinson executive vice president of marketing for American Dairy Queen Corporation ABQ summer
is full of sun-filled days late evenings and unforgettable moments and that's what DQ is all
about now here's where things take a turn as part of the launch of the summer blizzard treat menu
Dairy Queen is offering a fan experience unlike any other in brand history Christ alive
you can become the blizzard you're you are fucking heartbreakingly close
the treat industry leader will unveil experiential rooms that bring to life
these five summer blizzard menu treats the it's at May 23rd a big screen plaza in Manhattan
the public is welcome from five to seven so the other 22 hours in these blizzard rooms who the
fuck knows what's happening some dark shit obviously because the public can only be there
for two hours while they clean up the blood well that one didn't go that's a bad thing
you're getting 22 hours interior designer author and DQ super fan Nate Burkus has designed the
spaces for the s'mores blizzard treat room and the cotton candy blizzard treat room
I've been a DQ super fan since I can remember it was I've got Aldo t-shirts it was practically
religion growing up fuck whoa it's a wonderful full circle moment partnering with DQ on the
launch of the now I can finally die I'm so excited to work with my lord and savior the Dairy Queen
system the fact that Nate is a longtime DQ fan said Hockenson made our partnership on the DQ
blizzard rooms that much sweeter he has a keen eye for design combined with his love for DQ created
something truly special to help who is the fucking venn diagram of people that knows interior designers
by name and also fucks with Dairy Queen on regular basis who is this person and can we grill and or
chill together I will also say when you talk about this real life 3D Iowa world experience I thought
about a Dairy Queen escape room and I got really into it that'd be so good I because at the end
they turn you upside down and if you don't fall out of the cup you haven't done it yeah
yeah during the public opening of the DQ blizzard rooms donations will be collected for Children's
Miracle Network Hospital so I guess now you all are the assholes anyway that's gonna do it for
lunch all right we're gonna try this out I think it's gonna be good thank you all so much for
your questions in Logan in G 118 is it weird that we're telling people the person's name and where
exactly where they're sitting Logan don't use this information come on down come on down also
Jonathan main floor four row X seat nine go ahead and get on deck as they say in baseball there's
two are there two microphones I assume so Logan come over here say yeah let's get a little bit
of house life to be great thank you hello oh my god there's so many of you holy shit that's so
much faster and easier than trying to let you all down from a thousand feet away hey what's up hi
you're looking for mr. cream cheese yeah so go ahead and lay out the question there okay um so
I'm a new career teacher and I want to be a nice person angle the mic up a little bit yeah here's
fun so I'm a new career teacher and I wanted to have a nickname yes and my last name name rhymes
with bagels so I started off as mr. bagel but then they started calling me the various toppings
that go on a bagel yeah because yeah yeah that's just the way kids work and then the mister was
gone and now I'm just tuna so my question my question is I want to roll this back because
I've clearly things have gone off the rails so where should the stopping point be and how do I
determine it yeah yeah yeah yeah all right the question you sent in by the way the reason we
chose this one is the question was simply and this is exactly what we want with this new thing we're
doing short sweet to the point and confusing as fuck because it was just how do I make my students
stop calling me mr. cream cheese now so mr. cream cheese here is my question so you got the shop as
a teacher and you thought I need to come up with a nickname for myself that rhymes with my nickname
because my students won't think to do that oh yeah how old are they uh middle school oh day one day
one day one day one day one they won't even hear it you could say what is your what is well no we
already know his first name so maybe we shouldn't give out the last name and what seed he's make up
another name that rhymes with your name and it's not bagel go squiggle squiggle yeah squiggle
if you say my name is mr. squiggle they will literally hear and process bagel oh yeah instantly
mr. bagel well I will say that maybe you got in front of mr. kegel and you might have
you did barely thought you might have just beaten that with bagel they're like okay I got an expensive
fix for you bringing a big box of fresh bagels every single day for your students and they're
still gonna call you mr. cream cheese or not a fit that's the bad news I guess and we should
have started with this there's nothing you can do oh yeah you think you you might be able to
control the damage enough to roll it back the cream cheese from tuna I think I'd rather have
tuna would you rather be mr. everything mr. everything is good mr. chive mr. lox it sounds
like a cool yeah yeah yeah like from lost so anyway you're fucked and but but it could be
it could be so so so much worse are you a good teacher they like you um I like to think so I
know you're fine then they're gonna call you what if what if with every different like incarnation
of nickname they give you you work that into the lesson plan okay so like you make it about tuna
that week and then they're like okay he's on the tuna we gotta change it to something else
and then you just keep working out until eventually they're out of ideas
and they just start calling you like sir also these are middle school kids have you said
y'all heard of fortnight and you just leave the room for yeah so they're done dabbing
you say have you teens heard of fortnight and then they're just gonna
and then you can just leave the room so yeah that does that help thank you guys so
much thank you welcome hi hey um so i noticed when i walked in and i sat down in my seat the
guy sitting next to me had a box of reese's pc yes yeah he's a total stranger to me and i was
just wondering if there was like a correct way to ask him if i could have some okay so what's
up there what what's great is we know you're in we e106 yes so if you're in e107 or e108
and you're eating reese's pieces or you want to surprise yeah yeah are you okay here's i'll say
things might get a little awkward here because if it was me and i had some reese's pieces in act one
you better believe i'm not gonna have reese's pieces no way do i still have them um are you
this person and if you don't want to say anything because you did not sign up for this that's remain
absolutely silent if you still have reese's pieces and you're cool with sharing a handful
of these bad boys go ahead and give me a hell yeah come on yeah come on
come on this might be the best time we've ever asked this question did that help
yeah thank you go enjoy your peanut butter
hold on i have to see this transaction happen fucking not gonna believe in minds
yeah yeah yeah it's like it's like the end of the breakfast club
but branded is better than any proposal that's ever happened to ourselves he said yes
um hey michelle i'm delighted that you're here yeah michelle before you get into it
yeah are you having any second thoughts about this no i'm not okay go ahead michelle let her rip
okay well actually i sent in two questions so did you want the poop one or the co-worker one
you know i want the poop one why did you even ask michelle um okay so i have irritable bowel syndrome
what up you sound like chris tucker from uh fifth element when he talks about his ibs
yeah so i've had it for a few years now and i have this fear that follows me around that i'm
going to be in an inopportune place and i'm gonna poop my pants yeah like maybe an elevator that has
stopped working every time i get into an elevator i think is it gonna stop working am i gonna poop
my pants in front of the six people here that i work with every time i get on the highway i'm like
is there gonna be rush hour traffic am i gonna poop my pants in my car and because i know that
one of you shares my syndrome i'd be surprised if it was just one of us okay and another one of you
has occasionally mentioned times that he has pooped his pants yeah yeah i don't remember i
told you all the wendy's one right y'all heard that one yes and i've told you about the times
in high school all right michelle justin's just bragging in a way that he thinks is cool
i have nothing left let me ask you this well hold on what's your question well my question is
a how do i mitigate this fear so that it's not quite so crippling and b what's my game plan if
it actually happened okay okay i i have a question that i don't know might be pertinent but might
also be something i'm interested in yeah are you more afraid of pooping your pants in an elevator
on the way up a building or the way down a building oh my god i never thought about it before
yeah how tall would a building have to be that you'd be afraid of pooping in a run a working
elevator because i went up willis tower in chicago once and i didn't feel that urge at the ground
floor but by the time i reached the peak of beautiful windy chicago are we talking like some
sort of dubai building before it becomes a concern it only has five floors and i still you know feel
the fear so yeah uh well you could take that fear and harness it and turn it into podcast comedy
then you come over here that's fine it doesn't matter which microphone they're at um this is
a tough one because that uh the highway fear really resonated with me yeah yeah i had a high
school girlfriend and we went on a trip with her family to king's island and
we weren't in ohio yet though and
we were we didn't ruin ohio for you no we were about four minutes out the driveway
of the house and i said we gotta stop at that fucking super america parents who i'm still
trying to impress are you impressed you saw me after you used your bathroom in your house four
minutes ago right excuse me girlfriends mom do you have any imodium that i can borrow yeah well
at the gas station i did sort of both things but this is the challenge and it can be you gotta
think of it this way it can be fun like a puzzle no no you gotta think about it fun like a puzzle
okay you gotta think about it like uh don't think about it like i have to go check out and make sure
what the bathroom is every public building that i go into for the rest of my life and think about
it more like i'm going to go on a wonderful whistle stop tour of all the bathrooms of every public
building i ever go into the rest of my life when you play you've got to be in this rest
job for 30 minutes and you don't know where the restroom is and you might have to ask a human
being yeah the anxiety on top of it doesn't help but if you look at it that way you can have some
fun okay with also i will say if you get stuck in an elevator even if it was like 10 minutes
if i knew someone had pooped their pants near me i would act even harder like it wasn't someone
who had pooped their pants then i don't know what my resting face of this person did not poop their
pants is but i would do it more like double down on it and there's a lesson in there
of some sort does that help
i think it might okay good thank you michelle can we still get more floor mics please there's
like more on the floor mic thank you stevie stevie yes okay stevie your question was
a topic of much conversation backstage it delighted all of us to no end um i'm curious
can i actually this i would love to say stevie's question first uh because i'll be honest stevie
we mostly picked it because we had to know more yes with no context it might be the most
fascinating sentence yeah it's like cellar door it's how do i how do i tell people not to touch
fish when they touch the fish it is like the bare minimum amount of words it needs to be a sentence
yeah it's one of those sentences that has every letter in the english alphabet it's actually the
same backwards and forwards yeah yeah the palace stevie what the fuck first of all my name's not
stevie that was the name i made up in middle school so i have a secret email uh okay you've
just now made me very what's my name is isaac i don't know i was like what's the what's the name
isaac isaac okay can i say do you mind yes it's a better name than stevie
i thought about it was like alter ego stevie cortez instead of isaac Juarez
they're both good actually i guess i wish you could be a partner with yourself
could you mind if we guess sure what it's questions about uh we're gonna restaurant
you work at red lobster and fake no no we're gonna aquarium i wish
fish that was my that was my safe answer isaac
somebody i don't know how you do this hang that human interaction in the fucking guggenheim
that was the greatest that was the obvious how could it not be that answer isaac
all right okay do you now i'll do one all right go ahead shoot is it a fish store
i mean we sell fish what other fucking kind of store could it be isaac okay okay are you
work at a very popular organic grocery store in the seafood department okay okay okay oh i work
at a Toys R Us you got it okay so people are touching the fish it seems we got uh we got some
reports of people touching the fish and how do you say like don't the person who designed our
department was an idiot they put it out so the fish can be out so you can touch it you're not
here okay i hope they designed it so the fish are all hanging for the ceiling you have to walk
through them like it's fucking gobel ducks it's a bunch of tables with fish on it and so out just
out there yeah that's what i thought i'll never forget my interview and hey i have one question
before the interview starts you guys seem to have left all your fish on the table is my job
number one put these away yeah i you want i should put these away for you well so we have the fish
out and we get it for you we get gloves and we pick it up and say which fish do you want we get
it and we wrap it up for you but sometimes when we're preoccupied with other customers some people
will think oh there's fish here i should pick it up with my bare like it's a caveman store yes
why doesn't anyone get this and we don't have a sign that's it what we do it's a tiny postcard
that says please don't touch the fish and i've constantly asked my higher ups can we put a bigger
sign this is please don't touch the fish you need you need one of those fish to be a big mouth billy
mouse that just goes please don't touch us ask somebody that's not the process because of the
nature of our store and being positive we can't put anything out that says no or don't which is
what is the store no don't say okay put up a sign that says touch other fish
but but but we love your impulse we love the impulse touch other fish but put it but put it
on every fish please use other fish so like i have two problems one how do i get people to not touch
the fish yeah and me being the abrasive person i am i'm really bad at telling somebody yeah you've
really rubbed off the wrong way on us you definitely haven't delighted us for the past five
minutes great well i'll see someone pick up like a 50 red snapper over the dirty floor and it's like
no don't they bought it just tell them they bought it you just bought that snapper idiot well
i hope you're enjoying fucking pretending making it talk like you just bought it like i asked people
like have you ever been to a place where you pick up your own raw fish like no it's like why do you
think this is any different just make them buy it they touch the fish or they put it down and walk
away because i upset them because i was like don't touch the fish okay if someone in a really nice
apron told me you just bought that fucking fish stupid i would pick it up and go to the cash
register leave my purchases there in a pile and i would buy just the fish and i would move
caesara i i think i can't stress enough if someone picks up the fish and you say don't
touch that fish and they put it back down they weren't planning on buying that fish they didn't
even want a fish they were just joking around with that fish they were flirting with that fish
but they weren't willing to date that fish isaac yes gotta move the fucking fish my dog
this is no no no no excuses this is wild there's no better answer than your store is broken you
understand this here's what you do you screw a couple of the fish to the table okay they go to
pick it up and you say oh that's just display fish did you want the real fish they're behind
the counter they're behind the counter we don't have a meat lives you don't have a counter we
have you actually work at a store wait hold on isaac this is important do you actually work at
a whole foods or did somebody just tell you you're doing at the table of fish in a parking lot
it's just what is this this open concept montessori whole foods that you work at
where everybody can have their own fish touch experience i don't know our meat department has
our meat in a case but our seafood department doesn't you can just walk up to it and touch
the fish if you wanted to but you shouldn't no don't touch it well here you're getting the word
out isaac there's uh you know 2500 of your closest friends they're not gonna touch the fish anymore
not gonna touch the fish anymore please don't and honestly i think you're hitting a surprisingly
large portion of the whole foods crowd in the region i think you've done great work here and
actually everybody tell everyone you know don't touch the fish at whole foods please it's important
and that should help to spread the word thank you isaac thank you you were a treat one last one
callie callie hello hey what's up callie can we should we lead with callie's question yes you
should justin here's callie's question how can i get the tom brady of washing dishes to keep
the kitchen floor drying excuse me so um my husband worked at mench's brothers for a while
okay as a dishwasher and he was dubbed the title the tom what does that mean he's really good at
washing dishes he's really good at it okay at mench's brothers okay interesting distinction go
on um he washes dishes at our house that's wonderful i'm not complaining that he washes
dishes yeah you are a little bit no i mean okay a little bit you are standing at the microphone
yes he um makes our kitchen floor a lake he takes the spray hose and just like
okay just like tom brady just like tom brady well the issue is that he doesn't care about it
he doesn't notice it because he's about results yeah the dishes are clean true or false the dishes
are clean i'm worried about our children slipping okay tom brady isn't worried about his children
nice he's just out there getting rings
he's not worried about if his children are going to choke on those rings
so the problem is that and mitch's what's mitch's brothers it's a
burger place okay so i'm assuming that like if the floor gets wet there it just dries later
yeah at the end of the night typical restaurant thing um we used to do this at the olive garden
you'd spray the oh this story makes me want to barf every time you tell it
that's our i won't tell it that no go ahead you spray the floor over the hose and the
pasta water gets on your pants they call it og water and it would just soak through
it's rough it's no return your white pants khaki it smells like the devil's dick it's the worst
thing ever just would come on every day um so is he here by the way yeah he's way up there
can he just stand up and take a bow it's just such an honor to meet the tom brady oh my god
um here's here's the problem you could have him start mopping up the floor and he's going to do
a killer job of that too but then somehow he's going to like get the ceiling dirty
it's a little old lady who swallowed the fly situation right the main issue is we have a
dishwasher like we have yeah his name is the tom brady don't put him in a fucking john henry
scenario where you're like okay equal number of dishes equal amount of dirtiness who gets the
floor more wet you put a load in the dishwasher you give him the half of them you say whoever
gets the dishes the cleanest and also keeps the floor the driest will be declared the winner
i can do that he'll he'll be cool with it well i mean nobody likes what do you hey
everybody be so quiet do you like washing dishes
is he said he loves it folks at home he said he loves it yeah we can't take this away from him
maybe you can be the other good football player of floor drying you can be you can be the ground
cowsky of drying with is that an option that's a thing can you tie towels that's a football name
you said you did you say you have kids we have twins can you tie towels to their feet
i can't get in the way of his dream and his art if i may be so do you not want him to go pro
do you think chazelle looked at tom i was like you're getting the floor wet tom you gotta back
down and he said but i gotta get those rings a 98 yard touchdown pass he made the field all wet
though so fuck that guy there's a lot of work around drying the floor is way easier than
cleaning a bunch of sticky old lasagna off a bunch of nasty old plates ew gross
um uh kelly does that help i know the truth but thank you thank you
i'm really okay i just want to say i'm really proud of myself
i went that whole question about tom brady without talking about him when to fuck a mattress
yeah good job how like the whole question uh i want to say tom brady wants to fuck that everybody
i want to say a huge thank you to the staff of the palestinian you guys are amazing thank you
thank you to paul saboren american hero thank you to uh sam from aeg thank you to our daddy clint
macaroy thank you max fun thank you maximum fun reminder that there are posters in the lobby
and also um how good is kosai though i didn't even get to talk about
how much i love kosai i love going back in time you know the time tunnel you go back in time and
they used to have a tunnel but they don't have a ton like a mining one that i would go when i just
needed to like sit in the dark i like the one where you can dip the big ring in and pull out
a huge bubble i like the cracker jack museum thank you to kosai for being being there thank
you columbus thank you to aj we mentioned the posters thank you and uh thank you to you and
to john roger thank you columbus we have one more question for my brother griffin
this one was sent in by so many fucking people thank you all very much it's from yahoo answers
user question mark we'll call them audible we already did that one uh travis travis asked this
one what that's what you get uh travis asked does tigers have breasts my name is justin
mcelroy i'm travis mcelroy this has been my brother my brother and me get your dad square on the left
maximumfund.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
thank you so much to the over 28 000 members who joined or upgraded during the 2018 max fun drive
and to all of our monthly members you showed up in full force to help us reach our goal
to show our appreciation we're putting up this year's batch of max fun drive exclusive enamel
pins on sale for all ten dollar and up monthly members and just like last year we're giving all
the profits to charity for 2018 we're supporting the national immigration law center the sale will
run from may 18 through may 28 so don't miss it ten dollar and up monthly members will be receiving
personalized code and instructions to purchase pins on may 17th so keep your inbox open and
notifications on for more details head over to maximumfund.org pins and to learn more about the
national immigration law center and support them directly you can go to nilc.org
