The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around. If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down.
If you're all alone, with a pretty person, honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you got no place to go, with a pretty person, honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
True. Or just Ja!
We be jammin'!
No, I don't think that.
No, you don't.
Maybe in jam making.
Yeah.
Speaking of which, we've gotten way too many jam making questions lately.
Guys, do we look like we know about preservatives and shit?
That is so, so not our area of expertise.
Yeah. We don't know anything about marmalade. You want to bring that marmalade heat, you're gonna find some willing participants right here.
But as far as just straight preserves.
Fruit preserves.
Pickling, brining.
Griffin German.
Apple butter? What's up?
This is an advice show.
As you've probably already deduced, this is an advice show for the modern era.
So we're just going to, oh, my name's Justin McElroy, by the way.
I'm Travis McElroy, BT dubs.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's what? It's just even shorter than BT dubs.
It's new school.
You guys ready for a question?
You guys ready to help some people out?
Can we talk about something real quick?
Please do.
I don't know why, I just wanted to wrap.
I feel like there are events that are happening regarding the show that we should discuss.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, I was going to wait until the end to talk about that, but we were...
I mean, let's just thank everyone up front.
Yeah, well, thank you.
It's been so cool.
For us in a, I think it's votejet.com or something.
Yeah, prestigious.
They're basically like the Oscars.
It's like a Gallup poll.
Very official.
Gallagher.
Like a Gallagher poll.
It's basically like a Gallagher poll.
Like a Sledge-O-Matic.
Anyway, they're doing this contest for the top comedy podcast,
and we're currently in third place because people have been voting for us off the chains.
Thank you so much for doing that.
We're in third, eleventh, and fourteenth, I believe.
Yeah, we're in a lot of places because their polling system needs some work.
It does need some work.
They need to put all our votes together.
But we certainly appreciate your efforts there and your support.
As always, it means a lot to us.
You have no idea how good it does our heart.
We want to help you, though, by making you smarter and probably safer with our advice.
So here we go.
Say you're walking and you see an attractive lady as Swarmspring.
This is a sexy hypothetical so far.
Good start.
Sexy start.
You want to appreciate her attractive features,
but you also don't want to come across like some creepy construction worker.
What's etiquette?
If you see her while making eye contact as you pass, help.
Swarmspring.
You have to make some audible noise.
Some audible noise has to come into the equation.
I don't know if it has to be a fully formed sentence or what,
but you do have to.
She's not going to get it just with a sideways glance.
You've got to give her like that.
Oh, but she's going to get it.
You know what's up.
Hey, and joking aside, don't do anything.
It's the 21st century.
Are you kidding me?
It's a bow.
Mouth siren.
You're a human being.
You're a human male.
You take a look at her as she's approaching you.
You decide instantly whether or not she would be a suitable sexual partner,
and then you keep that decision to yourself.
You walk home and you watch some TV.
That's your day.
That's your afternoon.
It's not going to be like, hey, lady, I like your gams.
Getaway sticks.
Nice pins, lady.
Nice pins, babe.
You, Lou, you miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Give her a good work there.
Nice work you've done there.
Just look at her and just say, nice.
That's a handsome package you've put together there.
I like what you've done with all this.
Don't do any of that.
Shake what your mama gave you, but say it as you're walking away and go to full spread.
Just look at her and say, I'm sorry.
You don't realize what an inconvenience that is for that woman that you've called out on the street.
Even if you did this with the most chaste intentions, it's probably going to be creepy for that woman.
Unless you are immensely attractive.
If you're immensely attractive, you say whatever you want, okay?
You can do whatever you want if you're immensely attractive.
Physically attractive.
You can lean out of your Mustang and say, I'll never appreciate you, and she'll hop on in.
Yep.
I'm sort of like your dad.
Let's go.
I'll ignore you most of the time.
Okay, I would suggest a warm smile.
If you give someone a warm smile, if they are creeped out by a warm smile, they're the creep.
Because you were just smiling.
But it also says, hi, we made eye contact.
Warm smile.
And maybe you'll see something in there.
Some sort of like that spark.
If she's the one, she'll know it.
That's the sound my sparks make, too.
Like you're a transformer.
But you've got to practice that warm smile.
Practice it.
If you give her a creepy Cheshire Cat snagglepuss smile.
If you look in the mirror right now, you're probably working with something positively reptilian.
If you can't pull it off, try doffing your cap and saying, ma'am.
If you love press.
I like it.
Don't do that.
Why not?
I can't get behind the...
What if you do it in a fun accent?
There's no way to not do that.
Excuse me, madam.
You can't do it without a fun accent.
I fucking hate those dudes.
Who try to pick up the accent as far as by...
Fancy a shag.
Some sort of creepy affectation.
Oh, man.
And then you've got to scuttle off.
Boop boop boo.
You're gone.
I do not believe that there is a good way to pick up someone as you're walking in the opposite direction from them.
Hang a U-turn and just follow them.
Yeah, exactly.
Give them a flat tire.
Step on their heel.
And make their shoe come off.
And be like, oh, how awkward.
Stay about three feet behind them and say things like, where you headed?
Where you going?
I'm right here.
I'll just be with you for a while.
I'm with the FBI.
So I feel like we've helped him enough.
Is it ever acceptable to go to a bar alone?
I don't have a lot of friends who are over 21 and I really can't have them over at my apartment for parties.
This is the guy from last week who just wanted to go to bars and he lost all his friends.
Now he wants to know if he can go to a bar by himself.
I would say that it is a...
Unless you are, again, just really overwhelmingly physically attractive and can almost be guaranteed to go home with a sexual partner that evening.
Or at least get a phone number or something.
Or make a new friend.
Yeah, that's the thing.
There are more reasons to go to a bar than to...
Here's the thing.
I've thought about this question a lot.
And the answer is yes, it is acceptable to go to a bar alone.
It depends on what kind of bar you're going to.
If you're going to a sports bar and you're going to be hanging out with a bunch of people that you can have discussions with about what's going on in the game or whatever.
And form new friendships and talk to people.
Yeah, it's a great place to meet new people and make friends.
If you're going to a bar to sit in a table in the corner by yourself and drink 20 beers, no, that's not okay.
I actually went to a bar alone last night.
Just because I didn't really do much of anything this week as far as leaving the house.
And I work from home, so sometimes I have to make myself go out.
I don't think I've ever met anyone at a bar, really.
But it's nice to just get out of the house and be surrounded by other people and have a drink and watch the wrap up of the day's baseball contests.
The good thing about going to a bar alone is that you can really feel free, especially if you're looking to mix up your situation, i.e. meeting new people, trying new things, whatever.
If you don't go with anybody you know, there's no real expectation to quote unquote be yourself.
You can sort of try different things and be whatever kind of person you want to and no one's going to call you out on it.
Like speak with a foppish British affectation.
Don't do that.
In my circle of friends, I'm that guy who knows nothing about sports.
But I could go to a sports bar and be that guy who's really into football and no one around me is going to go, you don't know anything about football.
But when you start shouting, asking when the Orioles are playing, you're probably going to get some.
I think the best thing to do if you're going to a bar by yourself is to think of it as becoming a regular in a bar.
There's a bar in Huntington called Hanks, which is a great place to do that.
Like the same 20 people are there every day.
And it's a place where, you know, the few times I've gone there, I know the people there now.
So a bar like that, great.
Don't go to like a club by yourself because then you're creepy.
But, you know, go into like a hangout.
No, I think it's OK to go to a club, especially if it's like a dance zone.
You want to be able to like get out there and just shake it.
Like you want to be able to, with every song that comes on, no matter how bad it is, be able to throw your hands up with wild abandon and say, that's my jam.
You're saying like go to a bar alone, leave the bar alone.
Sam, feel the rain on your skin and just for once just get out there, you know?
This is where your book begins.
This is still unwritten.
In fact, if you're wondering about your book and where to kick it off, it's here.
Feel the rain on your skin.
This is the answer to our second question.
Setting a good pace for this one.
Good pace.
Yahoo Answers.
This Yahoo Answer was sent in by Wax Catharsis.
Thank you, Wax Catharsis.
He's becoming a platinum submitter of funny Yahoo questions.
He gets access to the lounge.
It's from Yahoo Answers user know-it-all who asks, who sings better, Justin Bieber or Cisco?
The thong song.
What?
That's all part of the question.
Why wouldn't he hook us up with a Bieber title?
He goes on to explain the thong song was the biggest single since Billie Jean, Michael Jackson.
Do you think that Justin can top that?
He's coming from the Cisco side.
He's defending Cisco here.
He has got that full-on Cisco heat.
Cisco is the greatest artist that has lived since Michael Jackson.
I'm pretty sure he had the number one single.
One of his friends said, Bieber is the greatest musical artist of our generation.
He said, excuse me, what about Cisco?
He was laughed down.
He turned to his only friend, the internet, to prove him right.
Yahoo Answers is always there for you.
That Cisco knowledge.
Where do you guys stand?
Do you view Bieber or Cisco?
Bieber has so much to go through in his life that Cisco has already gone through.
So you're saying Cisco's got the experience?
Or do you say Bieber still has so much in front of him that he can be shaped and formed by his experiences to a sum that is greater than Cisco?
I think that what needs to happen is a musical apprenticeship of Justin Bieber to Cisco.
Oh my god, reformed Drew Hill with Cisco, Justin Bieber, Ellen DeGeneres.
And that kid from Hanson.
The little one.
The kid from Hanson.
The littlest one.
The baby.
The one that's like three or four.
Still.
Forever.
The forever baby.
Super group.
Forever baby is another good name for our band.
Call them the traveling Wilburys too.
They'll just go around.
Here's the thing though.
They would never collaborate on a single musical project.
They would only do versions of their own composite songs.
Like they would sing thong songs.
They would sing Baby.
Listening to one of their CDs would be tantamount to listening to it now.
That's what I call music in 1994.
That's the experience.
How many of those did you guys own?
Be honest.
Zero.
Zero.
I owned three.
What?
Yeah, I owned three of them.
The third one was an ironic present from Justin Minsker.
And how many times did you listen to that ironic present?
Oh, a lot of times.
A lot of times.
There's a really good fastball cut on that one.
A really deep cut.
A deep cut?
They got it out to the bernyard fastball track.
Was it um, was it perchance the way?
Hey my bim bam.
I recently started dating this guy and he's really awesome and everything.
But I don't think he changes his sheets often.
How can I encourage him to tidy things up a bit?
Ooh, this is a great question because this is one of those weird like um,
I find that a lot of people have made that jump from childhood to adulthood
and not picked up on the fact that you got to change your sheets.
I had no idea.
Travis had no clue.
I'm not going to say how often I change my sheets, but how often is regular?
You're supposed to do it twice a month.
Twice a month, realistically, people are doing it once a month.
Let's be honest.
What if you don't sleep on your sheets?
What if you sleep on top of a comforter?
Then you're some kind of caveman.
You're a caveman.
You're sleeping on bearskin rugs.
What if you don't want to bother with changing your sheets?
So you sleep on top of a comforter and then use a quilt.
What if you sleep hanging upside down in your closet?
And you use a quilt for a blanket.
Do I have to change my comforter?
Is it whatever layer you sleep on top of?
It's whatever you put your dirty skin on you dirty fuck.
This is why you have bed bugs.
This is why America has bed bugs.
Bed bugs don't just come from your body.
Your body isn't dirty and then bed bugs come out of it.
Bed bugs live in your eyes.
Everybody knows that.
Hey, don't joke around about that because then I'm going to have thoughts.
Justin once convinced me that there were tiny spiders that lived in my eyes.
And that's what made the sleep crust when you wake up.
Oh god damn it.
Awesome.
And you love spiders too, which is the best thing.
Okay, so here's the way to do it, okay?
You've got to just change those sheets.
I'm sorry.
You've got to change your sheets.
But it's not her choice.
It's her boyfriend.
Think about what a nice thing that'll seem like.
Hey, I just noticed your sheets were looking a little ratty.
Like maybe it had been a few weeks since you changed them.
And then in his head he'll think, oh shit, it's been a few months.
And he'll be thankful to you for not rubbing it in his face.
But like pretty much every other option you have is going to be super passive aggressive.
What you're going to have to think about is maybe he doesn't have another set of sheets.
Does he?
Buy him new sheets.
Buy him new sheets.
Be like, hey, I was at Walmart and I thought these sheets really matched your curtains or something.
And here you go.
And then give him the option.
Hey, I got a suggestion for reform spring.
How about you just started dating this guy and you're already intimately familiar with his sheets.
Maybe you need to figure out what you can get right with Jesus.
Think about that.
Maybe.
Think about it.
Nobody's going to milk the cow they buy at the store for free.
Think about it.
That's what my granny always says.
But granny said to me at least.
She was she was really bad at idioms.
She was really bad at idioms.
They used to they used to call her the idiom dummy, which to me was a missed opportunity.
But somebody laughed at that out there.
Trust me.
I have a situation that is.
Oh, that has been long been debated amongst my friends.
Is it wrong to take Nick?
Can we go wrong?
OK.
Is it wrong to take a naked jacuzzi with your dad and other men in a men's locker room after a hard workout?
No one.
No one checks.
There's there.
There is.
OK, before you start leaping to conclusions, no one checks anyone out.
But it seems silly to me to dirty a new swimsuit after working out, especially since it's a five minute jacuzzi before a sauna.
I mean, even if I wore a swimsuit, you are naked under anyway.
No, no, no.
OK, let me beat that.
Jeff, let me be devil's advocate for Jeff real quick.
If you do not wear a swimsuit, you get in a jacuzzi naked with your dad and other friends.
The components of that stew that you're you're you're broiling there is dicks and water.
OK, can we agree that is a dick, a hot dick and water stew that you are brewing up.
If you wear swimming trunks, then the components to that stew are swimming trunks, water and dicks still.
So if no one's checking anyone out, you're just adding some some cloth and some mesh to to the dick jambalaya that you're you're creating there.
OK, but let me counterpoint that by saying that same logic can be applied to any situation in which clothes are worn.
You know, like if we're naked under our clothes anyways, why don't we all just go to school naked?
Yeah, that's not a good that's not a good excuse.
But it's different because we wear clothes in normal life so that nobody can can see our dicks when you're in a jacuzzi.
It's not about the site. It's about the knowledge.
It's about no, it's about it's about the water convection.
Right. It's all about convection science.
Explain to me this, Jeff. Now, I'm I'm not you, Jeff.
I've not walked a mile in your shoes, but maybe you can explain this to me.
If I'm walking through my gymnasium and I'm walking to the sauna and along the path to said sauna,
I see my dad and a bunch of old men naked in a tub and my dad's like, hey, Jeff, do you want to get in this tub with all of us?
We're naked and our balls are out and everything. Do you want to do you want to get into this?
Jeff, our Jeff, our balls and everything.
Don't even kid yourself. Everything's Jeff.
I have changed my answer. Any scenario that you can enter into that may possibly,
even if it's like a zero point zero zero one percent chance of touching dicks with your dad is a scenario that's worth avoiding.
What if there's an earthquake? Oh, no. Get out. No, I'm coming. Oh, no.
I got to get I got to go to the bullet store and kill myself. Jeff, you can't take what?
OK, why did we even entertain this possibility? Jeff, you can't take naked baths with your dad.
And you get a cell phone call. And someone's like, what are you doing, Jeff?
You're like, I'm just taking a naked bath. My daddy and some old friends and their balls are out.
That's great. Let me give you a formula. All right.
You plus naked dad taking naked bath. Not OK.
Why does adding like eight other naked dudes make it better? That does not make the situation better.
Is my parka too much? No, it's not enough. Jeff, it's never enough.
You're taking a naked bath with your dad's and all his old friends.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say if you were in eight separate Jacuzzis,
but only naked and looking at each other, it's not any better.
Yeah, it's not any better. It may be worse.
What's the maximum distance that you have to keep your naked genitalia away from from your dad?
Three states or one layer of cloth.
Unless that cloth is trunks. Now, one addendum.
I think this scenario is OK if you're Greek, if you're like super Greek and not like you have a little bit of Greek in you.
But I'm talking like heavy Greek. No, heavy Greek.
Then it's complete. If you're going heavy Greek, you're OK to take a naked bath with your dad.
That's the science. I've started dating an awesome girl.
Oh, rub it in, guy. Yeah, real nice guy who didn't think to sign his email.
Oh, no, no, no. It's two lines. Thanks, Jeff. No problem.
I've started dating an awesome girl. I found out she likes to watch hilariously bad movies.
This is one of my favorite pastimes, so I'm pretty excited.
What terrible films would you recommend for a fun date?
Can anything be both horrible and romantic? OJ.
OJ. OK, Griffin is going to suggest a film to you that I am going to immediately poo-poo and I will tell you why.
Griffin, go ahead. It's The Room.
OK, but it's not The Room. Think about this for a second, OK?
You just started dating a girl. You're like, hey, I have this hilariously bad movie.
And at first it will go great. It will go really great.
For like the first 15 seconds? No, for the first 15.
Well, yeah, yeah, basically for like the first three minutes. There's like a lot of sex scenes and like really gross sex scenes.
And like uncomfortable, non-sexy sex scenes. Like the grossest.
It's really gross. I think he's got to get to know her a little better.
I disagree. I mean, I think it depends on what age you are.
I think if Jay's in high school, then maybe not, because that's something that high schoolers aren't ready to see.
Tommy Wiseau's horrible, glistening like swamp thing body thrusting up and down on top of Lisa or whatever that actress's name is.
That is a nightmare. But I think once you're old enough, you can see the humor.
I'm going to throw a Kung Pow into the fist.
See, but that's not a terrible movie. But you like that movie.
Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. But it's like, I mean, it's it's funny, but like it's it's pretty bad.
You feel bad for liking it. Yeah.
I'd like to recommend two films that you should check out after last season.
Oh, man. It is really brutal and Birdemic.
If you can find Birdemic. See on the Birdemic front, get on that Netflix instant queue and just start searching for sci-fi original movies.
It's a killer mega shark versus giant octopus. Yeah, that's a good one.
That one's good. How about how about Mega Fault, which was Brittany Murphy's last cinematic onus?
Oh, my God. Not only does she look like she's already dead in that movie, it is.
Oh, come on. It's it's about a giant earthquake that can kill people, even if they're in helicopters in the sky.
OK, it's a turn. It's apparently. Yeah. So it's a good choice in there, Jay. Jay, I say wait a couple months on the room.
But Justin, what is it that Dwight always makes people watch on Bad Movie Night?
What is that movie with John Ritter? Oh, no, no. Real Men. That's a fine film.
No, watch that. It's awesome. Yeah, it's a really good movie.
But God, it's just rub it in Griffin's face day. I'm in a seven year strong relationship with the one.
What are some good romantic ideas for showing her how much I appreciate her?
The standby is a nice home cooked meal with candles. Anything that comes to mind?
Forbespring, if you're making your wife a candle at dinner, you are ahead of the curve.
And can I just say, he doesn't say wife. So if that's not the case, how about putting a ring on it?
Yeah, that would be a pretty nice. I think that's why that ring on that was invented.
Yeah. You know what you could do? Get the ring and then keep focusing on the dinner thing.
So that way, if you ever burn dinner, you have a backup plan.
Sorry about the roast, but do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?
Do I have to eat your gross burnt roast? If so, no. Nope.
Eat as much roast as you want. That's what marriage is. Eating as much roast as you want.
I think you got to just surprise her. I think that is the best way.
Surprise. Thoughtful surprise. Skywriting. Skywriting.
Guywriting is good. Have a guy have naked men spill it out in your lawn.
Guywriting is great. In a jacuzzi. Freshly jacuzzi.
Hey, by the way, retroactively, Jeff, jacuzzi is not a verb. Stop it.
We took a jacuzzi together.
We took a jacuzzi. No, you didn't. No, you didn't.
You took a dick bath together.
I jacuzzi you of taking a naked bath with your dad.
I feel like we've already ruined his chance at romance for his whole life with this episode.
He'll be lucky if he can feel anything ever again.
Here's a romantic idea. Don't let her listen to this episode.
Yeah, that's it. Baby, I was going to make you listen to this podcast I like, but then I decided not to.
You're welcome. Surprise.
Yeah, she'll know.
Griffin, you got a Yahoo? I do, actually. I was just about to bust it out.
Break it off. This one was sent in by Mike Susek. Thank you, Mike Susek.
It comes to us from Yahoo! Insta's user InJordan72.
Hmm. He asks, is it possible to be addicted to Tabasco sauce?
I put Tabasco on everything. I think it may be unhealthy, but I just can't stop.
I went to my local community center, but they said they didn't have any programs for my type of addiction.
I don't know where to turn it. My mouth is on fire. Help.
Hey, I got, you know, a small suggestion that you may find helpful.
Stop eating so much fucking Tabasco sauce.
Yeah. Why don't you try just if you're about to put it on there.
If you see yourself opening the cap of a large bottle of Tabasco,
then don't do that and go do something else instead.
I am going to throw out, though. Here's my thought.
If all he's been doing is putting Tabasco sauce on everything and like burning his mouth,
everything is going to taste like cardboard now, like wet nothing cardboard.
Oh, he's killed. Mix it up. Get the planet's finest condiment, Sriracha, and start putting it on stuff.
Mix it up. I guess I got some garlic in there. Got some Thai chilies. Delicious.
There's this show that I've started watching recently.
It's called Freaky Eaters, and it's about people addicted to weird things.
And I watched this episode the other day where a girl drank 30 cans of soda a day.
That's not OK.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Maybe don't cure your addiction. Get on TV.
That's what I'm saying. Hook that shit up.
Get that money.
You guys remember when I used to put Tabasco on everything?
And then your stomach revolted.
Yeah, my stomach died. So that's a very serious side effect.
What most people don't know is Griffin has a monkey stomach.
I do have a monkey stomach.
You know what Griffin's favorite fruit is now?
Nanners?
Pears. Actually, weird. That's weird. It seems like a missed opportunity.
Tabasco pears. Griffin loves them. Can't get enough.
Is it OK to request an attractive girl in my class after talking with her and sharing a bunch of laughs today in class,
even if I'm not sure she even knows my name?
I should have said friend request.
I just said request.
I request that woman, please.
Would you like to?
I've had a couple classes with her in college the past year,
and I would like to get to know her and ask her out eventually,
but this is the first where we've actually talked to each other.
Appreciate the advice. Sincerely, Facebooked. Gmail.
I love it. I love it.
I feel like we have made it as an advice organization because of these pseudonyms.
Yeah.
This is our second question about this whole adding a friend thing.
I think this is a new wrinkle in the Facebook era,
where it bothers me, but at the same time it's so convenient.
It makes stopping so easy.
Yeah, I feel like though you're going to miss out on –
I feel like if you Facebook friend request a girl that you don't know that well,
you're going to miss out on a lot of the stuff, the good stuff that comes with getting to know somebody.
There's so much you could dig up there in a creepy way, not in a good way.
Part of this problem is that a lot of us put too much on the internet for people to look at.
I get that.
Here's the thing.
Socializing over the internet, it's convenient,
and it may allow you to interact with people that you normally wouldn't,
but ultimately on the grand scale of social interaction,
it's kind of like eating corn chips in that you can eat a whole bunch of corn chips
and never really get full.
It's empty calories as far as socializing goes.
If I could translate that into human language.
I would rather have one really good long conversation with a person than a hundred Facebook chats,
because ultimately I don't think those add up to anything.
I got that, but it takes little to no effort to accept your friend request on Facebook,
so it means nothing.
And you're going to get the wrong idea.
Yeah, and she says yes, and you're like, yeah, she added me as a friend.
She probably doesn't even know who you are,
but it's so easy to just click yes rather than try to figure out who that person is.
I'm officially on the side of I don't think it's a good idea to use Facebook to get a relationship going.
Use the old-fashioned way. I think you'll be better off in the long run.
I think that it can work, but it's probably not going to.
There's no added benefit to using Facebook.
It just seems like a way to hide behind Facebook.
Just go talk to her.
If you had a good conversation with her, play off of that.
Yeah, keep talking to her.
You know what I'd like to see?
It meets space.
I'd like to see an entire relationship that lasts an entire lifetime that just only takes place on Facebook.
The two people never have any real-life physical interaction, just pokes and chats and wall posts.
And they create a baby.
They create a poke baby.
Poke baby.
I have created several poke babies with our listeners.
Man, the pokes are blowing up, guys.
They are blowing up.
Every time I log on, it's like 30 to 40 pokes.
Then I have to take five minutes to respond to all of them, but it's worth it.
It's totally worth it.
Keep those pokes going, folks.
Keep going, pokes.
It's how you show you care.
I met the most amazing girl a few weeks ago.
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
Ouch.
She's intelligent, classy, beautiful, loves wine and art.
Sounds too good for you.
Yep.
Anyway, I'm not liking the way this is going, but let her go.
Keep at it.
Anyways, I manned up, got her number, and asked her out on a date a week after I met her.
You ask her out in real life.
That already puts you ahead of the curve.
We went out, and it was absolutely amazing.
One of the best dates I've ever been on.
We went out to a nice dinner, raking up a bill close to $80.
Well, I've got a fairly good job.
It was still a bit expensive for my taste.
Problem is that if we're going on a second date soon, which will include dinner, and I'm not sure if I should take her to a similar place or if things will go fine if we go somewhere cheaper.
It's only been one date, but I'm afraid I've set a standard for outings hereafter.
What are your thoughts on the amount you spent on dates in San Francisco?
I have the best answer for this, like legitimately good answer.
For what?
You need to trade the cost of that dinner for the amount of thought you put into the date.
So, a picnic doesn't cost you a lot of money, but if you set it up really nice, it's more impressive than an $80 dinner.
So true.
That is such a good point.
Yes.
Unless she a gold digger.
She a gold digger?
Which is a great time to find that out on the second date.
Yeah, good point.
It's either going to like separate the wheat from the chaff or it's going to save you a few bucks.
It is a win either way.
But guys, she is intelligent, classy, beautiful, loves wine and art.
You can't take a fine, fine woman like that to Benagans.
But you don't.
I'm not saying go to Benagans.
Griffin, you're not paying attention.
You're not thinking.
Take her to a museum where there is no admission but suggested donations.
She loves art.
And then suggest that if she wants to donate, she do it from her own purse.
Yep.
Buy a $15 bottle of wine from Kroger.
Fuck that.
Three buck chuck.
And go on a cheese and crackers picnic.
You're in San Francisco.
You have great parks there.
Right?
I see it in Full House every Thursday.
I know.
It's hard to have a picnic in those parks though because I mean if you have any round
fruits, they'll just like roll right down the blanket.
And the tanners are always raising a ruckus.
You know them.
Get out of here Comet.
Get out of my potato salad.
Get out of my potato salad Comet.
I have a crush on a guy.
I've worked with him for a while.
He is the reason I got into my boom-bam.
Oh, I like him already.
I know I am hot enough to go.
Nice.
I love it.
I love it.
It's awesome.
Do I A. bed him and lose my best friend I work with or B. not bed him.
How do I not sleep with someone I have a crush on?
P.S. would keep it in my pants for Griffin McElroy.
Tasha.
Thank you.
What does that mean?
I have one question here.
What kind of praying mantis are you that if you sleep with him you lose him and kill him?
Where does he go?
I think Tasha, I think honestly that you, it is more fun to have someone at work that
you flirt with and have the possibility of doing it than to do it and it's like weird
forever.
Yeah.
You know?
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
Well it depends.
Do you have a crush on him and you want to do him or do you like him?
Or do you want to have sex with him and then eat him apparently?
And then eat his head and lay eggs in his throat.
Did you lay?
Listen I had a great time last night.
Me too.
Did you lay eggs in my thorax?
That's really weird.
I've got to say I feel a gurgling down in my midsection.
It's very odd.
I think Tasha if we're voting I say don't have sex with him and kill him but maybe
and also Tasha you're hot enough to bet him he should be advancing on you.
Let him set the pace of this.
He should come to you.
He should come to you.
I think you need to start making jokes about doing him but never actually doing it but
always have that possibility hanging in the air.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
This guy listens to the show.
We're officially advising this girl to give him a cold shirt.
Listen.
Okay listen.
Dude we're doing it for your own good.
She wants to eat you.
She's going to lay eggs in your thorax.
She's going to eat your face and lay eggs in your face.
Have you ever seen Species?
We have a unique opportunity right now because this is the first time that we've gotten
a question like this where both parties we know are listening to the show.
Whoa.
I think instead of advising them to do one or the other we should just say you two kids
just swap tartar sauce like the next time you see each other but Tasha don't eat it.
They need to make out in the supply closet toot sweet.
What is it?
Toot sweet.
Today is Monday.
They're probably not listening to the show before work.
We'll say after work so Tuesday morning.
Tuesday morning.
No discussion.
I will say 10 o'clock supply closet Tasha and Doug or whatever your name is.
Wednesday morning I will keep an eye out for all of the newspaper reports about people
over the country named Tasha and blank filing sexual harassment suits.
Or getting murdered and getting eggs laid in their abdomen.
One of those two.
One of those two.
I want to hear Griffin's last question but I feel like there's a few housekeeping things
we need to take care of.
First off NBNBAM.com is our website.
You can go there to ask us questions, to find links, to buy t-shirts which I would suggest
you do because supplies are running low.
So if you'd like a t-shirt you want to stock up for the holiday season.
We want to issue some new items but we're kind of holding off on that until we sell
through on this stuff.
So if you want something go get it.
And if you want something new, if there's an item you think you'd like to see on there
please let us know.
Drop us a line.
We can make original artwork.
If there's a phrase that a lot of people would like on a t-shirt.
I know we've had some requests for pack your bags and move away on a t-shirt.
And really the holiday rush has begun.
I don't know if you guys knew that but it's in full swing.
So I think the best present for your Christmas or your Hanukkah or your Ramadan or your Kwanzaa
is a BIMBAM shirt.
Yep.
Forever.
Every holiday.
Shirts will last you forever.
They're the gift that keeps on giving warmth.
Fashion.
Protection.
Protection from spears and arrows and things.
No it doesn't do that.
And also jibes.
Jibes.
No one's going to take a shot at you without shirt on.
And if you get a second and you want to review our podcast on iTunes that's great because
it helps to turn people onto it.
And subscribe.
Please subscribe and download.
We have had a couple listening parties.
We recorded invitations to them this week.
If you're getting a few friends together to listen to BIMBAM.
Introduce some new people to the show.
Let's shout them out.
Jeff Monloch.
Jeff Monloch.
And John Nugent.
John Nugent.
Both having parties.
Turning them out.
If you want to be in that.
John Nugent is in BIMBAM Fan Club 2.
Beta.
Beta.
Beta.
Beta.
Okay.
Beta.
And Monloch is Fan Club Prime.
So if you want to be on that exclusive list of cool fan clubs that have BIMBAM parties.
Please email us.
Let us know.
You know.
Tell us about your party.
Who's coming.
Whatever.
We'll record something for you.
Special.
Just to keep you sort of in close to our bosom.
Don't fake us out though.
Don't fake us out.
You got to send pictures or it didn't happen.
Pics or it didn't happen.
And thank you so, so much for listening.
I haven't checked the download count in a while but I'm sure it's over a million.
This week it was seven.
Seven people got it.
But those seven people really liked it.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
We have a voicemail too.
Which.
The number for which is 203 MBMBAM1.
Okay.
So give us a call on that and just talk.
We got a few calls this week and I love listening to them.
You listen to all of them, right?
I listen to every single one.
I just like hearing their voices.
You know.
Yeah.
Right.
Especially if they sound real serious because you can tell they're nervous and I like that.
That's a turn on for me.
I can taste their fear.
Last question.
Hit me.
Hit me.
Break me off a slice.
I'm debating between two.
All right.
Choose wisely.
This one was also sent in by Mike Susek.
It's from.
Oh God.
I don't even know how to pronounce this name.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Binguenide Street.
God damn it guys.
Who asks, how can I grow a Tom Selleck like mustache like Magnum P.I.?
How am I supposed to break to this?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And this has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
You will never know me.
Unless you're in a dick soup together.
Then don't.
I'm Justin McElroy.
