The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening? Hey, welcome, folks. This is my brother,
my brother and me in an advice show for the Monterey. We're just heating up for the holiday
season. Are we already on that creep? We are on it. We're going to record our Christmas episode
now and then you save it. Promise you don't listen to it until then. Now, every episode is going to
be a Christmas episode. We love getting into the spirit. My argument is if Starbucks has got a red
cup, I've got the light of Jesus's birth in my heart. That is my one to one. Do not look directly
at that birth. That was very bright, but it's like a flash bang. And unfortunately, if Starbucks has
a white cup, we're empty and soulless inside. Yeah. Who's hollow? Who? I don't know. Tell me,
Starbucks. Only Starbucks remembers Jesus. Only Starbucks. You can get a CD up at the checkout.
You want Buble? You want Buble or you want Jeezu? You know, Buble is putting out a Christmas album.
It's a game changer. It's Jeezu and it's Nora Jones together again. Oh, Jesus. I do miss him.
This is an advice show for the modern era. We are on our holiday creep, on the Christmas creep,
a slow death march to the birth of Jesus. And then to 2012 and then it's all over. And then in
2012, Ragnarok. It's going to be great. But for now, we still have a lot of people that need our
help. And we're going to be here with you until Quetzalcoatl unhinges his jaw, until he swallows
this world whole. And we will be probably live streaming that when that event happens. But for
right now, Quetzalcoatl takes our torsos from us. Yeah, flies them into heaven. Give that back.
Hey, hey, I was using that torso Quetzalcoatl. God, I hope I'm pronouncing that wrong.
It's so key. Hey, I'm a married 30 year old dude with two young ones, self-employed,
good at projects, completing projects on my own. I want to do a little self-improvement,
eat better, spend less money on junk food, lose the gut, stop biting my nails, etc.
But I always fail to follow through on any self-improvements I want to make.
Hey, where do I get the willpower to follow through on making a better me? Willis in Watertown.
You know how to do it. Yeah, they actually sell willpower now in different ways. You just got to
seek it. You got to seek it out. Like, for instance, I've been really bad about taking
my vitamins every day. So yesterday I went to the Walgreens and I bought new vitamins.
I bought some Genesis Today immunity boosting super fruit gummies and some fish oil. And I
bought one of those seven day sort of like one of those Advent calendars, but for old people who
forget to take their medicine. Yes. And now I put my vitamins in that. Wait, hold on a second. Are
you telling me that you, my 17 year old little brother, is rocking a pill caddy? Yeah, I got a
pill caddy. You have a pill caddy? It's sleek and it's stylish. I picked the one that had this
font that's now. That's now and today. Do you find it difficult finding a place to keep that
on your rascal? Did you pick the one? When you picked it, did you consider your children or
perhaps your children's children reluctantly throwing it away after you die? Oh, he didn't
take Sundays. Look, look at this. This Saturn is the last one he took. I hate to throw it away,
but listen, Pea Paw's not in that pill caddy. He's up in heaven. Listen, you look at that
pill caddy and you think this is an 80 year old man, but you pop it, you pop that treasure chest
and you see those immunity boosting super fruit gummies from Genesis Today. You know that this is
a young man's game. You know what? I want to get one of those pill caddies now and just fill it
with jelly bellies. These are Tuesday's jelly bellies. If you don't have a pill caddy now,
you're not going to live to need one. Are you guys taking your super fruit?
I don't know what you're saying. How do you feel about acai?
Uh, I, I feel like you're super fruit gummies. It sounds like they might have
gelatin in it or, or, or some other animal based product. And that's against my lifestyle. So
just as a sign that to the people at home know when Griffin says he's super fruit gummies,
he's talking about sour patch kids. He doesn't know any better. Yeah. We told him that those
are long time ago. We told them those are super fruit gummies. If you hear them talk about eating
the red ones, make me strong. Strong. If you hear him talk about eating a health sponge,
that's a Twinkie. What you got right there. He does not know full of life cream. What?
Life cream. That's life cream. No, don't say that. Look at the energy meat on a super bun.
That's a big Mac. Yeah. That is a hamburger eating there. As far as like finding the willpower to do
it. I like to surround myself with friends that will just like reach out and poke my, my muffin
tops and just be like, Hey, you look fat. You look fat today and I'll get you out there running.
The problem is you're, you're trying to fix too much because if you're trying to fix four things,
then when your willpower falters, you're going to let one of them go and think, well,
I'm going to jettison this, but I'll keep the other things. It's like, like a, you know,
like take it on water, right? You're going to bail something over through your, through your, uh,
stop biting my nails boudoir over the edge of the Titanic, just so you could preserve the lose the
gut, uh, uh, armoire. Um, so you gotta pick one thing and stick with it. And you got to set a
reward, a goal for yourself. Say if I lose these 30 pounds or whatever it is, I want to buy myself
a shredding electric guitar. Yeah. You know, something I can, like Stevie Ray Vaughan,
I guess RV would rock. And then you got to stick to it and you can't be like, well, three pounds,
well, I'm still getting my guitar. I'm going to get a 10th of a guitar. You can't work that way.
It's not going to be any good to you. You just got the bridge. Health is all about tricking yourself
and thinking these horrible, horrible things you have to do to keep yourself from dying are really
fun. That's why I'm down with that fitocracy jam. It turns like exercise and they're like an RPG.
And it's like, you get 10 constitution and also no diabetes. Now exercise is a constant battle
to realize that the extension of your life by five or 10 years is still, it is infinitesimal
in the grand scheme of things. The universe has been around for millions of years. You're 60
years, bumping it up to 70, convincing yourself like that matters is the secret behind exercise.
If you guys can figure that out, well, please, by all means, you host this show. Cause I don't know.
Uh, you know, psychologically, you can't look past giving yourself a gold star chart. Like it's very
childish, but man, it works. It feels good to slap a gold star up on the wall. It feels good to empty
a caddy. You guys need to get down with my way of living. I'm telling you, it feels good when you
remember like, Oh, it's Tuesday, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Nothing better than a clean caddy.
Oh, is that what it sounds like? The sound effects probably help. Get as many gummies as you can.
Cause they're the new thing. They're new. They're what's now. They're super fruit. Get healthy. Uh,
Hey brothers, there's this girl I met in my college class. I really like her. Um, that sounds
like something somebody would say who doesn't really go to college. I met her at a college
class. We had all the other football studs. We're working on our mathers. Okay. So I really like
her. She seemed really into me and she asked for my number. We've been texting for about three weeks.
Then I found out she has a boyfriend. She constantly goes on about how awesome and funny I
am. And we've hung out a few times as well as going out to eat. She's even told me the last
time we went out that her and her BF were having some fights and might break up. Is this the way
boys and girls act as friends in real life? Or is she lining me up for after love struck in the US?
She, she is playing pool with hearts. Yeah. She's heart pool. You got your eight ball lined up over
your quarter pocket, but she got to sink that four ball first. So she's shooting that four ball
in a manner that will leave the queue lined up to sink the eight. At best she is lining you up
for after she wakes up with her boyfriend. At worst, she is using you to feel better about the
fact that she is having fights with her boyfriend. Oh God, she's doubling down. She's a poker
metaphor. Yeah. And at both, you are on the short end of this particular relationship step, my
friend. You are a pawn in this game. Why do people ask us the questions that it would solve their
problem to ask the other person? Yeah. Listen, just take this copy and paste it and sext it over to
her. Just send it like, Hey, what's up? What is the question and a picture of my dick? Just real
quick. Give you a full picture. I'll give you a scope of the situation. There's a rat. This is
one of those things. Okay. I think a new, a new good yardstick for problems is if you're not
comfortable asking the person this question, there's a problem. Yeah. Like if you are having
this doubt that you aren't comfortable bringing up with the other person, it's bad times. It's a
bad scene at that very best. You're you, you are emotionally cuckolding this gentleman. Yeah. You
don't want to be that guy. You don't want to be the, the, the Mr. Mr. Consolation or Mr. You know,
you're not, you're, you're not a solution. You know, you're not the, the, the fix all to all of
life's problems. You're just a guy trying to make his way. Especially because it is a, is a trap to
be the better than the boyfriend guy. Oh yeah. One, you're setting yourself up on a pedestal and
she's like, you know, she's sitting, this guy is great. Why isn't my boyfriend more like him? He's
great. And then you're a normal guy, just like everyone else. You got problems, you got problems,
you got shortcomings, just like everyone else. You're not better than this guy. You're just
different from that guy. And then two, she has a boyfriend. Like, do you really want to be with
someone that is with someone else and wanting to date you? Like that doesn't bode well for the
future. Yeah. That's the troubling thing about her character, I think. But you might be reading too
much into it. Maybe she's not seeing the situation this way. It sounds like she, she is, but of
course you've only got your perspective, so it's hard to say. Why don't you pump the brakes?
Pump them. And then if she breaks up with her boyfriend, then you can pick back up on this
storyline. But for right now, there's too much going on that you probably don't want to be a
part of. You might even let her know that and say, Hey, I think you're great and I have a really
great time with you, but until this whole boyfriend situation gets worked out, I think we should just
be friends and cool it, you know, with like the going out and hanging out and stuff like that.
I, that's not going to work though. Cause he really likes her. You can't be friends with
someone you really like. First he has to really like himself. You gotta, you gotta just, there's
no way that this situation can unfold. That's not going to end with Joey Greco kicking down your
door. Like, Hey, Hey, I knew all along. Gotcha. On his show. Gotcha. You know, if you go into
this relationship and you, you are going in as the guy, she left the other guy for it,
your bar is going to be way high right out of the gate. I, I believe personally that the first two
weeks of your relationship should be the equivalent of signing a release form before you bungee jump.
As if to say, if you are still here, you fully understand the risks that you are taking on in
this, in this situation. It should be the very worst of you. And if she's still there,
nowhere to go but up, but on ramp onto the highway, the opportunity to like swerve into the shoulder.
Lady, this is the highway to disappointment. And you should probably just pull off and
stop at that freshest big boy and dry your sorrows in a cup of mud.
This coffee is good, by the way, I'm having some coffee of my own. Um, I, I really do think that
this is one of those situations where you're going to save yourself so much heartache. Yeah. By just
having the conversation, just, you gotta be. So it's so adult and mature to have that conversation.
I think it makes you look really good. If you don't approach it like, bitch, you playing me?
If you're like, hey, listen, let's. Well, no. I'm sorry. Approach it like what?
I said what I said. How do you think? Yeah, we all heard.
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
I'm just, I'm disappointed in Travis. I am as well. I too am disappointed in my performance.
Um, you got to run away, run away from a baby because it's going to hurt. It's going to hurt.
Even if you come to her and have a combo, how's that combo? Cause it's going to be pretty bad.
It's going to be rough for you. Going to be rough for her. You've realized the situation. You see
this train just screaming towards you. You don't try to have a convo with the train. Like, Hey,
would you mind? Oh, you gingerly step off the tracks and then run away. Right. There is,
there is the possibility with the conversation option that you start to have the conversation.
She says, um, I have no idea what you're talking about. Yeah. Or she says, Oh, but I don't. And
then she pulls out a boob and then you're sunk. You're sunk. That's always a danger. Sure.
So maybe this is a situation if you just go into it and keep your wits about you and keep your head
on a swivel and you know that there might be some shady business going on. Like you're already leaps
and bounds like ahead of everyone else. So if you go into this going, this could turn out badly.
I need to protect myself here and just be careful. You know, maybe it'll end up being great and true
love and awesome. I really feel like this is one area where our, uh, you know, our past of arranging
marriages and the very sort of direct way that those situations were handled. Like the one sort
of leg up it has on our modern system is that by our sort of modern etiquette, there's not even a
way to have a con. It's like getting an actor's equity card. Like you can't get into an equity
show without a card, but you can't get the card unless you're in one of the shows. That's what,
like, that's the sort of position we've painted ourselves into with relationships these days.
Like you're, you're, we're so, uh, used to sort of like our online interactions and, and, and,
and, you know, disassociating through texts and stuff like that, that we've lost that very basic
ability to go to somebody and say, Hey, I'm going to have this conversation with you face to face.
And I miss that, that, that's something that business-like sort of, uh, you know,
I would like to court you. We are courting now. I'm I, you can either my pen here is my written.
Please sign this document. Griffin, do you have a Yahoo question? A Yahoo answer that you could
take? I have five. Yeah. Read all of them back to back to back to back to back. Okay, here we go. Um,
this Yahoo was, uh, this Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holifield. Thank you, Lisa. It's by Yahoo
answers user Matt L who asks cool band names for metal band. My band has been wanting to do a show
for some time now, but we have one small problem. We can't think of a good band name. We are a metal
death metal band and our songs are original. Please help. Mercury.
Travis has mercury. Justin, do you have any other Greek gods slash planets that you want to drop?
I was actually going for a metallic, uh, substance. You clever fuck. I know, right?
God, that's good. Yeah. It's really juicy. It's a really, it's a really juicy vein of comedy.
You struck a real nice vein. Uh, these laws go 10 feet deep.
You know what helps, uh, any joke? If the person has to have a rudimentary understanding of, uh,
the chemical table before they, they, uh, laugh at it. Yeah. Yeah. Which in this,
this day and age, most people do, I would say breaking bad. Everybody knows most of the symbols
now. It is not at all called the chemical table. What the fuck is it called? Periodical table of
elements. You idiot child. Are you sure it's periodical and not periodic? It's periodical.
Sometimes it's there. Sometimes it's not. It's a magazine table of magazines. This is a show for
stupids. Like where it's made by. For and by. For and by dumbos. Uh, do you guys want to hear some
of the responses that Yahoo has provided? Yeah, I do. Uh, says glass rose, guilty witness,
guilty witnesses, unfortunate, unfortunate residents. Holy sins. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Unfortunate
residents. This, I love this apartment. The, the, the, the roofing is just terrible. There is,
there is blood everywhere. Yeah. How unfortunate residents. It's great. Our neighbors are very
noisy. Um, holy sins, flesh deep Saturn nine. Well flush deep. He's just combining two things
that don't mean the same thing. Also flesh deep. It's not that deep friend. No, but he's saying
like holy sin. Two things together. This is fire. This is great. Rainy sun. Uh, two and a half
blank bodies, knives, idk. Wait, what? Two and a half men? Two and a half men, sure. Two and a
half. That, I think it's a, I think he's saying you should make your death metal band a parody
off two and a half men's name. Two and like two and a half bodies. Um, humanities experiment.
That's okay. It's, it's me. Drew has some really good ones. Oh God. I was hoping that was a man.
It's me. Drew. Hey, it's me. Drew. Time to rock.
And also I need to borrow like 50 bucks. Yeah. It's me. Drew drops club bangers. Like
like gorging through infected city.
The city sucks. Uh, in engaging fate, burning, burning savior, um, gunning down hatred.
Get over here. Hatred falling death metal, like up with the people band. Yeah. We're bringing down
hatred. Time to work it out. Let's have a powwow. Be nice to your dad. Falling into purgatory,
smoke, smoking infection, or maybe smoking infection. Um, what about just trust falls?
How would that be as a death metal man? Ladies and gentlemen, we are hands around the world.
Hell break. Hell break. Oh, it's 10 30. Time for a hell break. That's what hell break is.
What Satan takes every time he goes up to produce a new day. Matthew's band album.
Oh, I'm on a hell break. Just chilling. Hey, I like any band name that when your fans come to
all fans, I use the term loosely when random people wander into the venue and they go,
excuse me, what, what's the name of this gorging through? Okay, cool. What does that mean? I don't
know. Um, but I definitely don't want a t-shirt. I'm sticking around. Excuse me. May I gorge through?
Okay. Your best bet, I think for this particular band is to pick a name that is almost the name
of another metal band so that people will get confused and come see your show. Scuttle of mud.
Yeah. Did you go see Metallica's?
It's the plural. Metallico. I went and saw Spain this weekend. They were awesome.
They did that one song. Fuck. If I could drop a stained parody title right now, that would be
really good. I want to see God. That's good. That's a band, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a band
that's still relevant that anybody listening to the show knows who it is. I want to go see 411.
They're definitely right. Justin, that is so far from a metal band.
Amber is the color of your blood.
Let's move on. Hey, metal, your whole universe is the fucking pits.
Just a quick side note here before we move on. Your world sucks.
It's an infected city over there. I hate it. I just have to make my opinion here known,
and that is that it's a joke. You're a joke. It's like listening to a 56k modem dial up.
You're a joke. Hey, people say to us, my brother, my brother and me, you guys are good,
and we like our questions that we send in, but why can't some famous people get involved? I want to
hear the quandaries of the superhuman, by which we mean, of course, other hosts of podcasts.
This is part two in our ongoing celebrity feature. This week we have a question from
our dear friends Tim and Simon, who, of course, from the UK host Tim and Simon's Brains Bill. Can
we title this segment of the show Internet Celebrities? They're Just Like Us. Yes, we can.
This is part two of Internet Celebrities. They're Just Like Us with our friends, Tim and Simon.
Greetings, brothers McElroy. Hello from the other side of the Atlantic. We are Tim and Simon. My
name's Simon. And my name is Tim. You may know us from our podcast Tim and Simon's Brains Bill.
We have a quandary for you guys. Yeah. We are only 24 years of age. Yeah, yeah. Lots of people
confuse us for being much older, usually in our mid thirties. Yeah. That's mainly you though.
You've got a face like a withered old man. You're like Benjamin Button in the early stages of his
life. I am. And it doesn't help that I've had a beard since I was born. That's true. That is true.
I was born with a beard. Yeah. I've got no real excuse. I just got a haggard old face. We just
both look a bit older than I is. So what we need is advice from you. So people stop thinking that
we're older than 24. How can we make ourselves appear like 24 year olds and not like middle age
man? Tim and Simon, thank you so much for your question. I think your first problem is your
dialect. Yeah. I think when people think British, they think been around forever. Old news, old
old old empire. Dusty. Dusty, I think maybe even if we can say dusty. People think of Peter O'Toole
like right out the gate. Pretty much every British person is Peter. Peter O'Toole, if you have that
accent. So the first thing you gotta young that up. What are some upcoming ethnicities or regions
that they could maybe emulate the dialects of to get it? I think like at the USA level,
you're just going to sound ridiculous. You're going to sound like the guy from Avatar
because no one can really nail that American sound. No, we're so special. We're very special
is the thing. What about Esperanto? Well, another language. So not exactly. Then they would be,
I mean, there would be hard to understand, which I don't know if you guys agree with this,
but I think that youth culture is very difficult for me to understand. So maybe that's an approach
they can take. Is is is it possible to say things in the English language in a Japanese
dialect without sounding racist? No, no, it's not. Believe me, I've been experimenting with
this for years. After extensive testing on the periodical table, Travis has discovered
that you can you cannot emulate a Japanese accent without not only that, but there are a lot of
Ruby Tuesdays I am no longer welcome at. Hey guys, maybe just maybe just some baggy pants.
What do you think of that? And like an I'm with stupid shirt that points up at your face.
Just sag them out and then an I'm with stupid shirt. Sag it and and maybe can we can we do
can we freshen up those? Nick, can we can Tim become Timmy and Simon become Simmy?
No, welcome to Timmy and Simmy's brain. Spimmy. I think that what always says young get a backpack.
Or that also can say I live with my mom. Maybe a backpack or maybe like a drug addiction.
It's a white. That's pretty young. That's pretty hip. Yeah, kids love that. Beth, Beth, I whenever
I wear a ball cap to a bar, I'm always carded because a ball cap makes me look like not only
a young child, but a young sick child. Like your make a wish was to go to a bar. Yeah,
like you can't drink. You have tuberculosis like I promise I don't know. I don't remember.
One of you has a beard. Man, listen, I know beard is a rockin look, but nothing says
like I'm I'm an old man like a beard unless you unless I'm carded unless you braid it.
Yeah, throw a pigtail on that bitch. Braid it and then start playing violin for Arcade
Fire and you are off to the young races. I have to stop the show right now and ask if Arcade Fire
is the only band that Justin knows exists because every time we talk about young people, it's always
join the Arcade Fire with you. What you're going to want to do is tell people you're a member of
the Polyphonic Spree. Here's the thing with the Arcade Fire. OK, I will tell you that Arcade Fire
I mean, it's great value as a comedy resource for someone who's like myself now 31 years old
and a steady descent into 40 and irrelevance like Arcade Fire. First off, nobody knows who's in it
because there's so many of them. So that's good. It's an unbearably pretentious name that is
inherently kind of funny and two and three. Nobody really knows what instruments are in it, so like
you can pick any instrument and no one's going to call you on it. Do you understand? Justin,
did you just say that their name is funny? Unbearably pretentious, I think is what I said.
Do you not know that it references the 1972 great Arcade Fire? Is that what it references?
Yeah, so many Pac-Man games lost their lives.
And Pac-Man players. That's where the term Pac-Man fever came from.
That's what actually burning up. Yeah, that's actually what Pac-Man fever is literally being
caught ablaze while playing Pac-Man. And the problem is, is they wouldn't stop playing.
No, I haven't. I still have like two lives left. That's actually had no lives left.
That's how he lost Billy Mitchell Sr. That's why he swore to beat every video game.
He literally reached life's kill screen. Yeah, quite literally. So and then he leveled up to
heaven. So make some, uh, make some jokes about arcade games from 1973. That can help.
Young Yup. Tim and Simon. That could be. Maybe get yourself like an 18 year old girlfriend.
Hey, it's been working for, uh, it's been working for George Clooney all these years.
He still looks great. Yeah, look at Hugh Hefter. He is, he is timeless. Oh, that's, that's good.
That's a deep cut to have young metal for old man with young women. You really went out to
the boneyard for that one. Literally out to the boneyard in this case, of course. Um, uh, so guys,
we hope that that helps you, uh, on, uh, and if not, maybe you, uh, should have paid for a question
and much like our friends in the money zone. This week, taking us to the money zone is cash
texts. You can sign up right now. Cash text invite.com. What they are is a new advertising
network that will pay you to receive targeted text message coupons and offers for places you
already like, and then you can get more money if you refer your friends. I'm getting texts every
day that I don't want and I'm paying for them. This will give you texts that you might be interested
in and they give you money to text. So you get coupons and offers for getting, hold on, you are,
you get money for getting money basically. Yeah, basically. Yes. So it's like, Hey, you, you
check marked, you know, Starbucks here. So here's a Starbucks coupon and also a little cash. Also
cash to go to Starbucks. It's like getting a ride from your parents and then they give you $5 when
you get there. It's like, Oh, you guys got me a ride and also some money for it. So thank you.
Thank you for this. Your generosity. I'll remember forever. What is your pill caddy?
Yeah. What is the protocol for cash sex? Sorry. Give you coupons for one free sensual background.
Yeah. Yeah. They don't have any dirty coupons is one of the problems right now, but they're
working that out. They're still in beta you guys. Dirty coupons are still in beta. So go to
cash text invite.com. You can sign up right now. Get texts with an S. Yeah. Texts. C A S H T E X
T S I N V I T E.com. That's cash texts. Invite.com. Go register right now. Get paid to get texts,
you know, paid to have friends. Yeah. And tell us about your friends and I'll sign them up
and tell your friends about us. Tell your friends about us. Let's create a chain.
Texts. We'll pay you to text. We won't do that, but we don't have any money. We don't have any
money, but we're going to have a little bit now. Thanks to our friends at cash text invite.com.
Griffin, how about a jingle for our friends at cash text invite.com?
I can try. It's been so long. You still got the heat. Magic fingers. Let's see if I do.
Hey, that's spinach. You like it's on sale. Here's a dollar. Do you need a back rub for five bucks?
You do. And here's the five bucks you need to get the back rub that we mentioned to you
on your cell phone. No, we don't advertise for Pojop stores yet, but we'll get around to it.
We are cash texts.
Oh, let me try one more time. That was great. There's no reason to try again.
Okay. You nailed it. Cash text invite.com. Thank you guys so much.
Hello there. My name is Graham Clark. And I'm Dave Shumka. And together we host a podcast called
Stop Podcasting Yourself. This is a file that you download from the internet and then you listen to
it in your pod. What's that about? You ask. Well, who are you to ask? Who do you think you are? Yeah,
get lost, bozo. We're a couple of standup comedians in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
And every week we bring a guest on the show. Sometimes they're Canadian. Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes they're a ghost. It's like you're sitting in on a friendly afternoon chat. Plus
we're Canadian. So you get a tax break. You can find us on iTunes or online at MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want a yahoo? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Well, not if you're going to be so shitty about it.
Yes. Why do you always ask like we've ever said no? Just tear right into it. Like a fat kid. Hey,
motherfuckers. It's yahoo time. Like a fat kid eating a health sponge. Just dig right in. In
case anyone is wondering, yahoo time is a great name for a metal band. Yeah, so is brain spill.
We're yahoo serious time. Let's do it. We are the yahoo serious fan club. This one's going to be
timely. This one was sent in by Michael Cornely. Thank you, Michael. It's by yahoo answers user
Jamie who asks, my boyfriend is addicted to Skyrim. Okay, so yesterday my BF got Skyrim,
a random game. First off, Jamie, no. It's a fantasy epic from Bethesda. Learn something.
And ever since he's been playing it so much. Usually if he gets a game, he would just play
it for one or two hours then get bored of it. But he's been playing this thing for at least nine
hours straight now. The only things he would get up from the computer to is to go to the bathroom.
He wouldn't even bother to get food and I was scared that he would starve. So I ordered him
some pizza and then he just ate it by the computer while playing. When I went to bed,
he was still playing. When I woke up this morning, he was still playing. Usually he likes sex at
least twice a day, but he won't leave the computer even to have sex. So since I'm always thinking of
him, I gave him a BJ and the whole time he was still on the computer. I'm so worried. I'm so
worried about him. What should I do? Hey, hey lady, your boyfriend's a goddamn mastermind.
I'm so fucking jealous right now. With the magic, by the virtue of playing this,
he played this video game so hard that you delivered him pizza and blow jobs. What are
you talking about? Whilst playing the game, he was simultaneously playing you.
Right. And he won. Love is the ultimate game. Do you realize how mad you've driven him with,
like, he's driven- With power.
Yeah. You can never retrieve this relationship. It's over.
And while getting a blow job, he was just chanting,
What are you doing, lady? Have you not been in a relationship before? That's not how you get
anything. Here, I got you this pizza. Please be okay. I'm so worried about you.
Please, I got you these blow jobs. You just have to live.
The only way that his life could've been better is if you had said he had figured out a way to
not have to get up to also go to the bathroom. Right. Like, if he had worked out some kind of
complex pulley system. I love my boyfriend so much that I gave him the human centipede.
It was really important to him to- I bought him a chamber pot.
Griffin, can you- Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
What you gotta do is you gotta get a pizza and make a blow job face. I'm not sure how
that part would work. And you put it near him and then you throw it against the wall.
And you say, nope, that's- You throw your face against the wall?
The blow job face pizza against the wall. Griffin, are you on muscle relaxants?
I'm on some sort of relaxant. What you gotta do is you got to get a pizza and spell out the words
blow job? Question mark in pepperonis. And you give that to him. And then right when he's about
to take his first bite, you slap it out of his hand and you say, maybe leave this magical world,
this magical fantasy dragon filled world and come get this sex pizza instead.
Come get this sex pizza. I'm ready. I know that this is in no way what the problem is about,
but I'm actually more worried about this guy because usually when he spends 50 to 60 dollars
on a video game, he plays for an hour and gets bored. Hey, you're wasting your money.
Yeah, dude, are you okay? Like, are you picking shitty games? Are you just like really, really
bored really easily? Griffin, can you read the- I saw this yahoo and someone submitted it. Can you
read the answer that was that was also submitted? The top response? The top response is by McNamara
who says, why can't I get a girlfriend like you? I don't think that's the one I was thinking of.
LMAO, are you for real? You give him BJ while he's playing Skyrim. Try unplugging the computer
and stop feeding him. Eventually he gets hungry. There was someone who said he could not be
addicted because he had only been playing for nine hours. Please just let the man play.
I do like that that she is distracting him with her pizza blow jobs and and she needs-
That's the great concern. There is a rampant problem in this country of people distracting
their boyfriends while playing Skyrim. Hey, I mean, let's get our priorities straight. Those
dark brotherhood contracts aren't going to fulfill themselves, right? You guys don't know, right?
Exactly. I'm I would like to apologize to the non-gaming part of our audience that we just
ostracized. Yeah, we'll move on to something else right now. Whenever I'm over at someone's house as
a guest, I always get uncomfortable about asking to eat their food. Even when it's offered to me,
my instinctive reaction is to politely decline unless everyone is sitting down for dinner.
This does not happen with acquaintances as one might expect, but also when I'm at a good friend's
house or even my girlfriend's place, I will end up going the whole day without eating sometimes
because of this. What am I supposed to do? That's from Hungry Man. You're supposed to eat-
Eat the food! You'll die if you don't! Why are you people doing this to us? You just-
I went away for a weekend and I starved to death. You're supposed to eat the food!
If someone- Okay, if you go into someone's kitchen and you pop it open and start hunting for
gushers and open bags of Doritos, like that sucks. Don't do that. But if someone's like,
hey, do you want some gushers? Yeah. Are you hungry? Can I get you something, my man?
We have such an overabundance in this country that it is a privilege. It is a genuine privilege
to be able to share your abundance with people. It spans all kind of different cultural groups,
but the ability to give someone food and give someone something makes the giver feel good
as well. So it's like, hey man, can I get you something from my home to you? And you're like,
yeah, I'd love a PB&J. And then they're happy to give you a PB&J. That is not always true.
I got to say, I'm sorry, I've never offered gushers to a guest in a manner that wasn't
obligatory. I have never, I have never in good conscience given a man gushers. Never,
never before. Cause I just can't stop thinking about you only, you pay like three bucks for a
box and you only get six packs in the box. So by eating that, the man is eating 50 cents.
Okay. So like for you, Griffin, it balances out like if you're giving them some rice
or like some grain. Yeah. Oh man. Take this Uncle Ben's. It's yours. That's cool. But leave the
gushers, but leave the gushers. Like if you see me going to my kitchen and eat gushers,
I don't want to see you looking at me all doe eyed like, I wish you could offer me some gushers.
You want her to ask for the gushers? I don't even want them to ask. I want them to
respect the privacy of my gushers time. I hate when I get hungry when I have guests over and
I have to eat my secret special food because they always want it. Okay. But that's, that's where the
good balance is for this dude is if someone offers it to you, you don't have to take it,
but you also don't have to say no. I think he needs to respect. And I think he needs to recognize
when the food that person is eating is their special food. If they're, if they go in the
kitchen and start eating some Ritz crackers. Yeah. You can go ahead and ask them to break you off a
piece. But if they get into some fucking vanilla dip pretzel flips, then guess what? Keep your
grubby hands and your mind hands off those flips with a Z. Here, those double dip Oreos you got
there? Yeah. Yes, they're theirs. Yeah, they're mine. I'd prefer it if you leave me in peace.
And don't- Here's the thing. There are very few things that holds true for me, but if I'm eating
some fucking Girl Scout cookie- See? That comes, that comes around once a year, you bitch. Yeah.
Don't, I have a limited supply of my Thin Mints. And don't say that there's no difference between
foods, you bitch. Because there is, there is a difference. There's a difference. Some foods
are special and you need to, you need to keep your hands off. Like for example, you can have
my peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but you better not lay a finger on my Butterfinger.
Right, exactly. And candy bars, they're mine. Please. If there's an, if there's an ad campaign
about somebody trying to get a certain food, you should probably assume that it's not for you
because it's prohibitively expensive. Don't, don't take somebody's tricks. Hey, let me get a- Crazy
guest. Tricks are for me. Let me get a, let me get a dip of that Big League Chew. I don't think so.
I don't think so. I went to Rite Aid to get this. I specifically made a trip just for this.
My solution for Hungry Man is to just never leave the house without a pocket full of gorp.
Just, just, you've always got to be able to carb and protein up with whatever's in your pockets.
A camel back full of like tomato soup.
Like go in those hats with two cans of tomato soup.
You just have to politely find a way to say,
those Gushers look great. I will settle for a toast. Do you have a toast that I can have?
Give me your shittiest food that you hate and will never eat.
Oh, I think that's a good, I think that's a good transition into what someone's like,
Hey, can I get you something? You say, yes. The worst thing you have,
the thing you will never touch. I will take those pickled cherries and I will eat that.
Yeah. I got some pickled cherries and I got some Zataran's Jambalaya mix that I thought
I would eat, but I don't think I ever will. Do you have any of those?
Half a bag of dry ramen noodles and some Dusseldorf style mustard.
Enjoy.
He was my favorite Harry Potter character.
Style mustard would be a good name for a band.
Actually. Now that I think about it,
we call your heavy metal band style mustard.
Hey, I'm a lady and I'm crushing hard on a guy playing the same rec-
Let him up.
Giantess. We play on the same rec league soccer team.
So we see each other and have friendly chats once a week.
Our team plays late on a week night. So there's no going out for drinks afterwards.
He's single, straight, intuitively dreamy. Can a girl ask out a guy?
I mean, it's 2011, right? That's from crushing in Canada.
Let me answer your question. It is 2011.
If that's your query.
This is sexist almost. Hey, you're a sexist. Of course a girl can ask out a guy. You sexist.
I don't even think that's like a debate question.
Is it? That's what I'm saying.
I don't think you're going to find anybody who goes, no, like, yeah.
Hey, lady, are you not? But lady, are you not laying in on thick enough?
Does he not know? Does he not know? Do you not?
I mean, I am saying that that that anyone can ask anyone out because guess what?
Everyone sucks at it because you either do it and you're like,
could I kiss your boobs or hey, let's do a thing.
Or you're so fucking Rico Suave that you give everyone in like a 15 foot cone in front of you.
Douche chills when you ask someone out.
I guess it's I guess it's more that girls are on the like on point,
like prepared to be asked out by guys.
If you ask a guy out, it might catch him off guard and he will then go home and go.
Did she just ask me out? What was that?
In my experience, the only time I've been able to successfully ask me
was when I catch him off guard.
Surprise is a huge element of it.
Jump out from behind a bush or pop out of the locker.
They can't see it coming. It's gotta be like,
do you want to go out and can you pass the butter?
Because then it's like, yes, yes.
OK, you've got a great.
You've got a great in because you've got you're on a soccer team with him
so you can like dive tackle him and then like accident accidentally,
in quotes, touches balls while you while you both are on the ground.
Although if you're on the same team, I don't know why you dive tackle him.
Oh, because you saw a bee.
You saw a bee and so you dive tackled him.
So wouldn't that work in your day?
OK, but but who can't use the old bee gag?
I'm sorry a bee landed next to you.
You had a bee on your foot and oops, where's my hand?
So that's a good one for guys, too.
Guys, you see a lady out there catches your fancy.
Just go ahead and tackle her.
Just bring her down at her as hard as fast and furious.
Unfortunately, that is limited to it's seasonal because you can't do that in the winter.
Then you have to tackle her and say,
I'm sorry, there was the Yeti.
Yeah, this is no be no be since they are both on a soccer team.
Does the ask does her ask out have to be soccer themed?
She have to say, like, I'm ready for you to.
I'm tired of shin guarding my heart.
I want you to take a penalty shot at my goal.
Yeah, let's go get dinner and then go to the yellow card concert.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
Yellow card is in a thing still.
I actually want to hear.
I don't know that yellow card was ever a thing.
If I could find you now.
Yeah, that was I want to hear Griffin's last breath.
So boring that I will settle for his last question.
When you do a penalty in soccer.
OK, first time you do it.
All right.
And called yellow.
OK, and then the Super Smash Brothers come out.
I wait.
Who are the no bash brothers?
Sorry.
Sorry.
I was going for a mighty dash.
Shut it down by Smash Mouth.
That's a great name for a metal band.
This is everything is happening is the worst thing.
Thank you so much to our friends, Tim and Simon.
You can get there.
Very funny podcast.
Tim and Simon Brain Spill.
That's Tim and Simon dot code dot UK.
Hey, go there and absorb them into your heart,
into your comedy heart.
And I believe they're also on Twitter as well.
But you'll have to go to their website to look that up.
I think they might just be at Tim and Simon.
So give it give them a shot.
I think you'll really enjoy what they're laying down.
We have a new shirt up.
It's at Max fun store dot com.
It is a brown people's nasty gum shirt.
It's it's a real delight.
And people are already posting pictures of them wearing the shirt.
Viva La Betty had her shirt on on Twitter.
Make sure you check out her feed and see how great that shirt looks.
Looks really sharp.
Justin and I are still growing mustaches
to raise money and awareness for prostate cancer research.
So please help support our dream of curing diseases with only our facial hair on our Movember.
You can just go to US dot Movember dot com and search for our names and we'll be right there.
And I, Justin, I don't know about you, but I am looking fabulous.
Yeah, I look really sharp.
On what level?
If you were going to compare it to a celebrity.
Sam Elliott.
Wow.
Yeah.
And you just had that right off the cuff.
Yeah.
Well, it's because I've been told I went to a wedding this past week and they're like,
oh, I didn't know Sam Elliott was going to wait a sec.
Wait a tick.
Yeah, that's a boy.
Mine is more like Elliott from Scrubs.
Thank you to everyone tweeting about the show.
Dan, you and G Kimba 2042.
Just Bowie 23.
Z Force 915.
Everybody Darryl XD.
Lyrical nuisance.
Laura Copley.
MG universe as always.
Uh, thank you to Bob Ball, who does our intro.
Um, you can check out his show.
It's called pop quizzical to fun short quiz show that you can play along with.
Uh, thanks to Babylonia for tweeting about the show.
Thanks to everybody.
It's Danny love all of you.
You're the best.
I want to thank John Roderick, John Roderick and the long winners for the use of their theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It's so fucking good.
He's got a new song with Jonathan Colton called nemesis on a JoCo's JoCo's album.
Artificial heart that I have listened to probably a thousand times.
It's really good.
It's so good.
Listen to that and buy that long winter's album and then all the other ones.
Cause they're the best band.
Okay.
And, um, Oh, we got this live show coming up.
I think we've almost got a locale.
Is that accurate?
Griffin?
We do.
Um, I'm going to try, you're going to try and knock it down this week.
It's in Austin, Texas, if you didn't hear last week.
So if you live there, um, let us know, like on Twitter that you're going to go.
So you can sort of gauge it, you know?
Yeah.
Um, and, but listen, when we, I would follow our Twitter feed and, and follow and, and
join our Facebook group because when those tickets go live, there's not going to be a
ton of them.
Yeah.
Um, you want to act fast when those go on sale because there's not, there's not going
to be a, it's not going to be a huge, uh, uh, venue.
So you'll want to act fast when those tickets do go on sale.
Um, anything else?
Forums?
You want to get, you want to add an ad?
You want a personal ad or a corporate ad?
Go to maximumfund.org for slash Jumbotron and we'll set that up for you.
And when you go to the forums, make sure you also check out the other wonderful shows on,
uh, on the maximumfund.org network and their forums and just let them know, you know, I'm
sure you're not going to go listen to stop podcasting yourself.
And when you do make sure that you, uh, go to their forums and tell them that the only
reason you listen to them is because of us.
Yeah.
That's going to make them feel great.
It's going to try them crazy with, with, with envy.
Um, Griffin, I'm ready.
This final Yahoo was, uh, also sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user IJR who asks, is it considered cheating if you sleep with the
demon that is possessing your wife or girlfriend?
Justin McElroy, I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
School wear on the lips.
