The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
It's like, anytime he talks different from how he normally talks, it's like I can feel my Jeep I'm
driving rolling backwards into bit country. But this is Griffin McElroy. Hey Trav, what seems-
The back tires are just spinning, Griff, we gotta get the hell out of here!
What's the matter, Travy?
I mean, it's not really a bit, I just, can I be-
That always means it's a bit! All day I'm Griffin, you gotta give a little more gas,
partner, come on! Well, it's just, you know, it's a difficult time of year,
and you know, there's a lot of emotions at play, and can I talk to you guys about something kind of
real honest? Something real? Something real?
Griffin, I warn you, he is using the faux sincere tone. This is always a recipe for disaster.
We gotta get out of here, find those keys!
I just, I forgot to put the damn snow tires on, but yeah-
Damn, we're trapped!
All right, Trav-
Quick, just acknowledge what he said, Griffin!
All right, Trav, tell us on our comedy podcast what's really making you very sad right now.
Do you guys think, and I just, I really appreciate you guys letting me be vulnerable like this,
do you guys think that in the end, the Bumble and Yukon Cornelius end up together?
Now that's something to talk about, isn't it?
That's something worth ta- Now that's something worth talking about.
I don't know why that would make our brothers so sad.
Well, because I'm just worried that they don't, that they don't end up together and that
they just don't find love in a hopeless place.
I'm in a hopeless place right now, pretty far from love and the light of the Lord,
but I don't know that they end up together, Travis.
Because I'll be honest, I don't think those two are attracted to each other sexually or romantically.
You don't get a whiff of that when he says Bumble's bounce, that that's like a-
On his, on his-
Well, but I think that's more just like, they can get it, like Bumble's can get it.
Bumble's can bounce, you know what I mean?
Oh, I see.
That slang you've invented.
I know, I like that.
So I can, if, if I was talking about, if I was talking about Travis, I could just say,
Travis, bounce, and you know what I, you know what that means.
It would be inappropriate.
Yeah, like I can get it.
Right.
Well, because I think it's obvious that Rudolph ends up with Clarice and that Hermey ends up with
this former boss, the dude with the weird pointy goatee.
Not sure I like that, but keep going.
Oh, the, oh, are you kidding me?
Their chemistry is obvious.
That's a no brainer.
And I feel like at the end, there's definitely a palpable attraction betwixt the Bumble and
Yukon Cornelius.
I'm just worried that societal norms might keep them apart.
I think physical norms are really the, the big complicating factor here, just the size
of, the size of the venture.
I don't want to yuck Cornelius's yums, but I also don't want the Bumble to crush his
bones by trying to bounce.
Oh, the Bumble's a bottom.
Okay, now this is something we can sink our teeth into.
Yeah, I think Yukon would top the hell out of him.
Okay, okay, cause he's got like the climbing gear.
Now that makes a lot of sense actually, now that you put it that way.
And also he would definitely be like the daddy in this scenario.
I feel like just Yukon Cornelius has a lot of like, just a lot of power energy.
He would be a power top.
I don't know if that's a thing.
Yeah, no, I think we all thought that when we first saw this ancient animated movie,
that we saw this prospector, this silly gold obsessed sort of folk legend figure and saw
him and said, I bet he could bounce a butt.
Yeah, I bet he could bounce a butt.
Left, right, and ever so rightly.
You know what I mean?
Now here's the question though, because I don't want this to skew just into the physical,
because I mean, they definitely fuck.
That's not what I'm worried about.
I'm worried about if they end up together.
Do they form a lasting romantic relationship?
I don't think so, man.
Tiger can't change the stripes.
Like he can love Bumble, right?
Yeah, and he does, but you know what's going to be, I know Bumble is his third priority.
And I know what the first two are, and I'll give you a hint, is silver and gold.
Yeah, that's going to be the real problem with the relationship.
He's going to have to get out there during silver and gold season.
The time away, the Bumble can't just sit in the cave and wait for Cornelius to come back
if Cornelius comes back and doesn't fall into some sort of ice chasm.
Because there's precedent for that.
Can you imagine the Bumble being up all night on its little widow's perch
waiting for their sea captain to return from the glaciers?
No way, man.
Now, could the Bumble go with Yukon Cornelius on these adventures?
Oh, they tried it, didn't they?
I mean, they tried it, but honestly, it's not the Bumble's passion.
He doesn't love it the way that Yukon Cornelius does.
I will say, I'm willing to accept that they don't stay together if they really gave it a shot.
I mean, if they really tried to make it work and they communicated with one another
and they put the time in and they just found that their priorities were different
and they grew apart as people, I'm totally fine with that.
Now, let me float this as long as we're having fun here in this safe place
where we're just getting out there and just shooting out some silly string.
That was an unfortunate way of saying that, but what if Cornelius ends up with Frosty,
the snowman, and then it turns into less of a sexual Randy Romp,
like the one that Travis is floating, a sort of American Pie 4, Santa's Wonderland,
and instead becomes more of a coming of age, like me, Earl, and the dying girl,
but the dying girl is a snowman who comes spring, but they're very much in love
and so you get a walk to remember vibes and people love that.
Yeah, here's the twist though, Griffin.
I think maybe they entered into the relationship and Yukon Cornelius is like,
we only have these winter months, but then time passes and it's not getting any warmer
and Frosty's like, well, we live, this is the North Pole, it's gonna be fine.
And suddenly Yukon Cornelius is like, oh.
Oh shit, I got a dip, yeah.
I don't know that I, now that the timeline shifted, I don't know.
I think maybe we were in this for like different things.
Yeah.
And I got a bounce.
I'm gonna hit you guys with something that is,
you're gonna, the first thing you're gonna do is laugh, but then you're gonna be like, huh?
But do feel free to laugh and bust up.
Okay, okay.
But don't skip to the huh.
Huh, if Yukon Cornelius and the Bumble found a way to conceive a child, it would be Wolverine.
Walk me through that.
Think about it.
No.
He Canadian?
Uh-huh, obviously.
Outdoors person, beard, hairiness.
Yeah.
Claws and fangs.
Metal bones?
You know what I mean?
Metal bones?
Well, he's got the ice pick, doesn't he?
Yeah, it says silver and gold right there.
Okay.
Yep, metal in the baby's bones.
Put metal in my baby's bones, paid for the whole surgery.
Put metal in the bones of my baby so he can be a hero for me.
So, wow, oh my God, I just looked at the, we've been doing this for eight minutes?
Are you kidding me?
Doesn't seem right.
It feels like two and a half, but eight, I guess.
All right.
Flew by.
Cool, it's going to be-
Griffin, did you say it flew by?
It flew right by.
I think I could talk, we haven't even gotten to the fact that Herme rips all the teeth out
of the Bumble's mouth, and the Bumble's kind of cool with it, isn't he?
Yeah, well, he's into dental stuff.
All right, it's getting bleak, so what's next?
Oh, this is an advice show, obviously.
And so I thought we could do, on this one, a little advice for our listeners.
Are you sure?
Because I got some fan theories about Christmas Carol, too, if we want to get into those.
Kickass idea.
Kickass audience.
There has to be a portion of our audience, just the way the world works, that has not
seen Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer in the past eight minutes, must have been absolutely delirious.
Yeah.
Must have been quite a trip.
I'm betting that those people probably enjoyed it more than the other ones, though.
How is that possible, though?
They're going to get sent to the hospital from Olin.
The last time I was at an airport, there was a caricature artist doing free portraits.
I've always wanted one, so I figured, why not?
I got time to kill.
That's actually a really good time.
Oh, yeah.
That would be the moment, right?
If they're on a boardwalk at the beach, no thanks.
I'm having a great time with my family.
But here, alone, in the Charlotte airport, as I wait for a flight, yeah, I'd love that,
actually. I'd like to take a moment to be considered.
I do want to say real quick, and I do want to hear the rest of the question, but
if I saw a caricature artist, I would be like, I don't know that I want to pay for that.
And then they'd be like, it's free.
And I'd be like, well, no, I definitely don't want it.
There's something about it being free that seems weird to me.
If it's good, then you should charge for it.
What is he charging for?
How is your business model?
You think it's a frame?
He's like, if you want to have it, then you have to pay for it.
The only other explanation is that the airport has paid the caricature artist to be there
as an amenity.
Or the caricature artist draws you with a grody butt, and your wiener is out.
And you're like, what did you do that for?
And they're like, if you want me to erase it, I got the eraser right here.
But that's 50 bucks for this No PP DLC.
He draws you with photorealism in a compromising position with the mayor's wife.
And you don't give me $1,000 and this is going to find its way into the Inside Edition Studios.
Inside Edition Studios is going to go for that, you think?
Yeah.
They're pretty desperate at this point.
They will take a charcoal drawing.
They're willing to go outside the edition at this point.
They're just looking for anything that will draw the people inside the edition.
Okay, there's more to say about this wonderful scenario.
You know, about halfway through, he mentioned that I was the first person to stare at him
while he worked.
And I immediately felt super awkward and suddenly didn't know where to look or how to act.
If I ever see another caricature artist, what's the proper etiquette?
Should I just avoid them all together as some cartoon buffoon?
You can't avoid them.
Well, I've actually done a pretty good job of it my entire life.
That is not true because I know for a fact that we've been to amusement parks together
where they wait around every corner.
You turn a corner thinking, oh, this might be like a fun vendor that sells perhaps some
kind of kettle corn.
Oh no, it's a caricature artist who has done a Danny Zuko.
Right, but if he tries to get up, if he rolls up on me, I give him a little chin music and
I just keep on trucking.
You got to, or I'll say we'll pin you to the ground and draw you in a crazy way that I
don't appreciate.
So sometimes you got to give him a little buff, buffo, buff.
I would say, dear listener, that you have found apparently one of the very, very few
ways there is to genuinely screw up this interaction.
And I would not trust you, you being who you are with your track record, I would not trust
you with another caricature artist.
I don't think they, it's a small community, first off, you know what I mean?
Small community, they talk.
Yeah, they've talked.
They know.
They talked.
They know about you.
They got an eye out for you.
Why on fuck would your choice be to stare dead eye, just stare down this person doing
a caricature of you?
Oh, I'm sorry, Justin.
A little thing called the Mona Lisa, like a piece of art where you're looking dead at
the artist, like.
No, no, no, no, no.
There is every portrait like that where it's like staring out at the viewer.
They have you look at the last second.
It's like five minutes before they're done.
They're like, okay, go ahead.
And go ahead and look at me, Mona.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, okay, okay, look away, look away, look away.
I'm just, I, okay, it's not what I would do.
Yeah, but I can see where you're looking in the direction of the person rather than
pretending they're not there could arguably seem like the least awkward.
Now, I will say from a different point of view, why, what do you think was going through
the caricature artist's head that they felt the need to say you're the first person to
ever stare at me while I do this?
Yeah, and maybe it's their like sixth one ever.
Like no one actually takes me up on this.
That's why I'm doing it for free.
I'm still learning.
Yeah, this is a, I'm in my residence.
I'm actually not a caricature artist.
I'm just waiting for a flight and I had a pad and I was bored.
If I was getting my portrait done by a caricature artist, I would be too preoccupied with which
of my zany features are they gonna pop off, you know what I mean?
I assume it's my massive pecs or maybe my delts or these glutes.
It's never a good one.
No one's ever looked at a caricature of themselves and been like, yeah, actually.
Yeah, actually, hello new Bumble profile picture.
It's not anything good ever.
It's like, you know, here's my Austin Powers teeth that have been made big like a donkey's
teeth.
You know what I mean?
Even like a Hirschfeld like looks wild.
It's like a wild.
What do you think your guys would be?
Because I think in a good outcome, I've got a big pomp of purple hair on top of my head.
But realistically, it's that I have a giant head is probably what the thing is.
But that's a lot of caricatures, right?
Big head seems to be a pretty common one.
I don't, I just, you don't have to do, they don't, they can't make you let them draw you.
There is nowhere to look.
I'm I've been thinking about it for six minutes now.
There's nowhere to look except at your phone.
I don't really think I don't really think they need to take you.
I don't think they need to drink you in for the art necessarily.
I think they just need to spot your one flaw and then make it a big cartoon that makes
you look like just a real idiot.
Hey, I can't stop thinking about the fact that this person has gone through extensive
security background checks to sit in the middle of this airport to do caricatures.
Yeah, what's, oh, actually this email is from 1998.
So back when you could just walk through and have a fun, have a fun time.
You could just say, I'm picking someone up from the airport.
My favorite restaurant used to be the airport Chili's.
But then, you know, then, you know, and then I couldn't go anymore.
I like when caricature artists, Travis mentioned Danny Zuko and it made me think about how
most caricature artists always have like several caricatures around to their station to like
show you their skills, you know.
And when I was younger, by which I mean in my mid to late 30s, I used to think that they
were there, they were, those were for sale too.
Like maybe you just be like, oh shit, is this Michael Keaton going home?
That's fucking cool.
I love that.
I have to imagine if you walked up and you're like, I'll take the Terminator one.
It would be gized about that.
The work's already done.
Now the fucking power play is just while they're doing a caricature of someone else in the
moment be like $500 and then you take it and walk away.
No questions asked.
This one's, this one's going in the vault.
Can you give me a Terminator?
Can you make me a Terminator with the face and what all and the leather jacket and I'll
be back.
Can you actually just add me to the Terminator one so it looks like Arnold and I sat together?
Can you do one where it's mainly Arnold and there's a long line of people waiting to meet
him and I'm like 30 in the back.
And I don't want the focus, but I do want it to be obvious it's me.
I want people to believe I met him and that seems believable that I met him when he was
a caricature.
And no one had a phone or a camera or anything and the only option to capture the moment
was caricature.
Hey, can you do a caricature of this receipt so I don't have to, I don't have a scanner
on me and I do want to prove to my employer that I made this purchase.
Yeah.
So could you do a caricature of my receipt?
Why did you make all the fives super big?
You goofball.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that Griff, thank you bud.
Hey man, you're welcome.
You know, hey, real quick, if you ever want to fake being in a relationship, having a
caricature artist draw you with some made up person, there's no reason anyone would
do that if it wasn't true.
I think that would be very convincing.
Yeah, probably.
This was sent in by several people, thanks everybody.
Trying to prove a Canadian girlfriend?
Yeah.
Just, oh yeah, yeah, we had this done at the boardwalk.
Or if you're trying to prove like some kind of physics theory, that would also work I
think, have a caricature artist draw it.
Sarah asks a question.
She says, can you ask fast food restaurants to heat up sauces?
You know those little pots of sauces they give you at McDonald's?
If you ask them to heat it up, would they?
I'm really picky when it comes to sauces and I hate cold slash warm sauces on hot food.
Like if you go through a drive through and ask any fast food chain, would they?
Any fast food?
No.
Not any fast food chain.
No.
Not any fast food chain.
There are definitely some, and we don't need to name them, but they would say no.
Yeah.
But there are some that I think would be super jive to say yes.
And I will say though, I think the drive through is out.
I think that has to be counter.
The drive through is too far.
Right.
There's other people that have other things they need to do in there, okay?
Okay.
Yes.
Is it?
But that's the only thing I do it though.
And I do want hot ketchup.
So.
Well then you're not getting it.
I mean, if you want.
But I want it.
If you, then you need to put a microwave in your car like any normal person.
But if you want to go.
I tried that, but I fucking traveled back in time, didn't I?
Well, that'll happen.
That will happen.
Just trying to make, just trying to make some bagel bites.
I am going to the caveman times.
And boys, let me tell you.
You became a king because of the bagel bites though.
No, man.
I was not suited for caveman's time.
Bummer.
Bummer, they got big tigers.
But if you want to get them warm sauces, you've got to go the extra mile.
By which I mean talking to someone face to face inside a building.
Right.
I mean, this would be fixed if it just became sort of standard practice.
And listen, and this is, I could train my local McDonald's by going through and saying,
I would like hot ketchup.
And they would say, we don't have that.
And then I would leave.
And then the next 15 times I drove through, I would say, hello, how's that hot ketchup coming?
And they would say, okay, just to satisfy you, we're going to make hot ketchup for you this
one time.
And they'll set up a little Bon Marie of ketchup packets.
And then the next time I come through, like you still have that Bon Marie set up.
And they'll be like, yeah, we do.
And then it's hot ketchup city, baby.
Now, but I will point out that in the question, it clarifies hot sauce on cold food and cold
sauce on warm food.
And then I do like, because I enjoy the different experience of like hot fries, cold ketchup.
Everybody loves that, I think.
Not this exact person.
They said this one exact person.
No, they said hot sauce.
But there's a part where they say-
When it comes to sauces, I hate cold slash warm sauces on hot food.
That's all I said.
Hot food.
Oh, why would you want a hot sauce on hot food?
Dude, my mom said-
Hot sauce on hot food, because it's a lovely contrast.
What do you mean, why?
Well, then there's no contrast.
I want the contrast.
And I want it now.
We're not litigating what this person likes and doesn't like.
I am.
I am.
And if it pleases the court, I think it's sub.
Nice.
Do you guys, I would for sure run this up the ladder.
I don't know what that looks like, right?
Like, does it go to the king himself?
It's gotta, who is it?
Is it the Arby's voice that we get?
I feel like if anybody's gonna do it, fucking Arby's is gonna be the one that does it.
I feel like Arby's would do it.
Definitely.
Okay.
We have the means and we're listening.
We're listening.
We're listening to you.
We're here for you.
We care.
I want a warm horsey.
Justin, set us free by reading another question.
Well, my email tab has hung up.
I mean, I've got it right here.
Yeah.
My mom, being careful during a pandemic, receives her groceries via curbside pickup.
She recently ordered a case of diet root beer and the store gave her regular root beer by mistake.
None of my family wants to drink the pop.
So she said, quote, I'll leave it on the street for someone to take, end quote.
I thought giving away free pop on the street was strange.
Would you take free cans of pop off the street?
Can anyone offer free street pop?
That's for diet pop only in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I mean, absolutely not, right?
I mean, there's no reality in which.
I assume you threw it out for, this has gone bad.
I assume it went bad, right?
Well, you know what fixes this?
A note, two words, free soda.
Not poison.
Not poison, regular root beer.
Wink.
Never warn.
Yeah.
I think that this won't work and this is, I don't know any.
It depends on how busy your street is before you just say it won't work.
If the street's busy enough, someone's going to take it, right?
If you get a big enough selection of people, somebody's going to be like,
this doesn't seem strange to me at all, right?
But if you're only getting like, maybe if it's a small, a quiet suburban street and
you're getting maybe 20 people a week walking, the chances that somebody's going to be like,
ah, yes, just like when I was growing up.
Sure.
If you're on a busy enough street, it's going to vanish one can at a time.
Can I float this one too?
In this challenging year, and it's been hard for all of us,
can she not just drink the root beer?
Let's be, guys, hey, can you just roll up on your mom with this street beer and say,
hey, let's be bad and just do the damn thing?
No one's going to tell on you.
Yeah.
The FBI is not going to kick in the door.
Was that regular cowry?
Nah, it's 2020.
And we're at the tip of it, aren't we?
We're about to jump off into freedom.
Because baby, 2021 looking good.
Yeah, that one's going to be a good year.
This one's going to be the best year yet.
Because I know all the fucking bad people who've been doing bad shit to keep this
beautiful nation of ours just riddled with the COVID.
2021 is going to roll over.
The odometer is going to tick to 2021.
And they're all going to be like, eh, we did enough.
And then it's money in the bank, baby.
I'm just imagining it's going to be like the end of Rock-A-Doodle,
when Chanticleer is going to fucking finally crow,
the sun's going to rise, and all those evil owls are going to melt away to dust.
We bury the dagger in the chest of 2020 and it dies,
taking along all unpleasantness with it as the new beautiful-
There it is.
2021 cresting over the hur- what's that? An all good year?
Who will be the arbiters of which unpleasant things deserve to be dusted?
Why, it's the McElroy brothers, of course.
We'll be deciding what is turned to dust.
Who and what, I should say.
Because there will definitely be some humans in there.
Oh, for sure.
Spoiler alert, we're cleaning house.
Yes, spoiler alert, the cleansing, she is a coming.
Kiss your grandma goodbye if you're not 100% sure that she is a total penis.
And boy, howdy, you better be real, real certain about it.
We got a fine sieve here, folks.
Not a lot making it through.
It's a rigorous, rigorous protocol we are applying.
Just drink the fucking root beer, man.
It's 2020, and we're almost done. Celebrate, pop it off.
And you know what, pretty soon you're gonna have house guests again,
so maybe save it for them.
Because pretty soon it's all gonna be fine.
Yeah, we're almost at the end.
Do you want another Yahoo?
Yeah, yeah, I guess, yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by-
Oh, it's another one that was sent in by many people.
Thanks, everybody.
Takes a whole village.
It does.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call Bainer, asks,
can anyone invent a new way of BBQ
or have they all burn done already?
And that wasn't a play on words, it was B-E-R-N.
Oh, because of Bernie Sanders.
Because Bernie Sanders, the fucking pit master.
You know you get my man in front of the grill
with a fucking high life in his hand,
a high life in his left hand, spatula in the other,
a fucking apron, kiss the cook.
Oh my God, Bernie.
You don't think his apron would say feel the burn?
That would be better.
It would be better.
I'm again asking you to give me five more minutes
on these steaks.
That's good, man.
Do another one, juice.
Okay.
And do this one less like Christopher Lloyd.
Yeah, actually in the movie of Bernie's life,
I cast Christopher Lloyd.
Okay, that tracks.
Larry David thing was too on the nose.
Yes.
Can anyone invent a new way of BBQ
or have they all burned done already?
Ceviche.
Ceviche barbecue.
Ceviche BBQ.
Does that mean you barbecue some meat
and then you ceviche it
or God forbid the other way around?
No, no, no.
You barbecue some meat, ceviche it, grill it again,
and then you taste it.
You're like, I don't know.
Are you trying to say su-vee?
No, sir.
Ceviche.
It's a way of cooking.
You put all of mama's spices on it,
then you ceviche.
And then that's a barbecue, baby.
As long as there's corn.
Pretty sure ceviche just means you put it
in a bath of high citric sort of juices
and you let it sort of-
Right, and that is how it cooks.
It becomes edible.
Now we're talking about sort of very,
very sour pulled pork or something.
That doesn't tickle my buds.
I didn't say it was good.
I said it was new.
And did I mention the corn?
Again, there will be corn served,
which elevates any meal to barbecue.
What if you just, here's mine, here's mine.
May I suggest, I got one.
I'd love to hear your, Shrav.
Take some meat, whatever cut you want.
You can do chicken or beef or pork.
You know, you could even do like a meat substitute,
like a meatless, a Beyond Meat option.
Then you're going to leave it in the sun for 48 hours.
Sun ceviche.
Yeah, uncovered, just loose and raw in the sun for 48 hours.
And after 48 hours, it's done.
Okay, I got one.
Now don't eat it.
Once again, it's not good.
Good, it's just a different-
It's just a different way to do it.
It's kind of like sun tea, but barbecue.
You need to, in your grill, throw down just enough briquettes
or wood chips or whatever, so that it might light
when you throw a match on there, okay?
And then you're going to put a couple of steaks on it,
on the grill, on the barbie,
and you're going to throw the match in
and close the lid real fast.
And then you're going to weld that lid shut,
and then you're going to bury it underground
and like pour the hole with cement so it's filled in.
And then it's quantum beef.
Ooh!
Until that beef is observed, it is cooked and uncooked.
It's quantum beef.
It could be either one, but we won't-
It's both cooked and uncooked,
but it is inedible in a concrete sense.
Maybe not.
Regardless, we're not going to be able to get it out.
Once again, this isn't to be eaten.
Do you even understand molecular gastronomy?
Come on, it's not about eating it.
It's about fucking it up.
Who are you talking to here?
Because I feel like I've been on board with this
first, and you're just-
I don't know.
I think I just kind of got mad at the world there.
Yeah, yeah, that's, phew.
Hey, speaking of, I have an idea.
Liquid nitrogen.
Okay.
I don't know how I would apply it
in such a way that would make it barbecue-esque.
I just know that that's a thing
that like food scientists use a lot.
I saw Mr. Wizard do that with a hot dog once.
He's like, this could be-
I saw him and he had the liquid nitrogen.
He dipped the hot dog in it and he looks at the kid.
He's like, that could be your fucking finger.
Yeah, and then smashes it with a hammer, right?
Remember that?
They could have tried to eat it.
And then he yelled, we're all just meat.
I'm basically 225 hot dogs strapped together with casing.
What?
Old casing.
They saw some shit in Nam.
But sir, what about the soul?
We're just meat.
Meat in dreams.
You're dream meat.
Uh, Mr. Wizard?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
I was going through some stuff at home.
I'm okay.
As okay as a shambling meat bags can be.
Anyway, you want to learn how to use a computer?
Now get in this big barrel
and push some water out through this tube.
I made a box that look like a coffin.
Hey, do you want to look at the eclipse?
Yeah.
Should we build a bot-
No.
No!
What is it?
You just burned a little bit of your eye meat.
What do I care?
It'll grow back or it won't and then we'll all die.
It's me.
Life is a great experiment.
Mr. Wizard, can I go home now?
No.
No.
You're my son now.
Your mom said I could adopt you.
I promised to teach you science.
Your mom and I came to an understanding.
You're going to college.
I revealed to your mom the arcane meat secret
and she just said she gave up.
Now you're my meat.
I love you.
I plug four wires into a potato
and plug the other ends into a clock.
Nothing's happening.
That's because time's an illusion.
You learned something real more valuable than science today.
Now get me a beer.
Give me seven beers.
How does that potato clock work though?
Damn, I hate the science teachers always do that.
They're like, hey, check this out.
Wire, wire, tato, tato, clock.
Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.
And then they're like, pretty cool, right?
And you're like, holy fucking shit.
The potato made the thing go?
And they're like, yep.
And then you say, how's that work?
And they say, I'll never tell.
That's fucking up.
They should tell us how the potato makes the clock go, I think.
And if anyone wants to tell me how crystals make a radio,
I've wondered about that for fucking years.
Yeah.
Hey, the one thing I do know, understand the secrets of,
is commercialism.
And I would love if you guys would
accompany me to the money zone.
Please.
First up, first on the bat, it's Squarespace.
Squarespace has a-
You guys heard about this?
You guys heard about this?
Is a batting average of one, which is good for baseball.
And it's not a baseball player, but it is a platform
that lets you build a website from Squarespace.
And you can showcase your work and sell products and services
of all kinds, promote your physical or online business,
or make a website.
And if you want to make a website,
these tools give you the powers of website right
at your fingertips.
They have beautiful customizable templates for websites.
And it's optimized for mobile if people want to do phones.
And you can track your analytics to just see how many just
clickos you're getting.
And then the hosting is secure, whatever that means.
And you don't ever have to upgrade things.
Upgrade?
Boring.
Don't have to do that with Squarespace.
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
you're going to use the offer code my brother,
and then you're going to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or a domain.
Hey, Griffin, can I talk to you real quick?
Everybody, hey, everybody stop listening.
Um, this isn't, this part's not for you.
I couldn't help but notice, Griffin,
that your stitch is busted.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I don't mean to embarrass you,
but I mean, look at you, dude.
Look, what's that shirt?
What even is that shirt?
It's an assless shirt.
Yes, Griffin, but what does that even mean?
I don't know.
When I bought it from that food truck,
I thought, oh, fuck.
You're wearing mittens as pants, Griffin.
It's not right.
I know it's not right,
but it's been a hard year, Trav, on all of us.
It's been a hard year on all of us for sure, Griffin.
You need to fix your stitch with Stitch Fix.
I'm gonna take another run at that?
Nope, stickin' with it.
Stitch Fix offers clothes hand-selected by expert stylists
for your unique size, style, and budget.
Griffin, I'm gonna say your style is a grown up-
Thank you.
Thank you.
Boy.
Thank you?
Grown up boy.
Like a big boy.
Yeah, sure.
A big boy.
A big grown up boy.
Yeah, no, we get it.
A big grown up boy who's comfortable at a wedding
or a funeral.
I would say that's kind of your style.
I described myself yesterday while on a call with some friends
as having the body of a huge toddler.
So that works.
Yeah, that is great.
That works.
Mine, I like to think my style is benevolent drifter.
Yes, absolutely.
Like that guy who at the beginning of the movie,
you're like, oh, I don't know if I trust him.
But then when the vampires attack, you're glad he's there.
You know, that's my thing.
Justin's not here, but Justin's style is of course vacation dad.
Everyone knows that.
So you can try on pieces at home before you buy,
keep your favorites, and send back the rest.
Stitch Fix has free shipping, easy returns and exchanges,
and a prepaid return envelope is included.
And there's no subscription required.
I would also say just real quick,
my style can also sometimes be rogue wizard,
but that's more when I'm feeling fancy
and want to get dressed up.
Most of the time, benevolent drifter.
It's between those two.
And a lot of those clothes came from Stitch Fix.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother for 25% off
when you keep everything in your fix.
One more time, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Hey, I'm Janet Farney, host of the JV Club podcast.
Ah, high school.
Was it a time of adventure, romance, and discovery?
Class of 95, we did it!
Or a time of angst, disappointment, and confusion?
We're all tied together by four years of trauma at this place,
but enjoy adulthood, I guess.
Yes, the truth is, it was both.
So join me on the JV Club podcast
where I invite some great friends like Kristen Bell,
Angela Kinsey, Oscar Nunez,
Neil Patrick Harris, and Keegan Michael Key
to talk about high school, the good, the bad,
and everything in between.
My teenage mood swings are getting harder to manage.
The JV Club.
Find it on Maximum Fun.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
Okay.
Oh.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
What do you say?
Okay.
I want a munch squad.
Jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle.
I want a munch squad.
Jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle.
Welcome to Holiday Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast,
profiling the latest and greatest in holiday brand eating.
Uh, I got an excite-
I'm so excited about this one.
Is it donut related?
Because I really miss Count Donut.
No, he's not in this one, but I'll tell you who is here.
Uh, it's McDonald's,
which actually doesn't figure in a munch squad
as much as you think,
because they don't really get buckwilder,
but they have done it.
And this is a new press release.
This just came out today as we're recording this.
And this is a promotion that's kicking off December 14th.
Holiday cheer arrives at McDonald's
as fans can enjoy the favorite menu items
of Santa Claus, the Grinch, and more.
The favorite-
Oh my God.
Okay.
So this is like when Travis Scott, yeah.
Yeah, but it's like that,
except for Santa Claus, the Grinch, and more.
So this year, goodies won't just be found
tucked under the tree.
McDonald's is tapping its elves, gross,
to offer delicious daily in-app deals
that feature the festive favorites
of some classic holiday characters,
including, well, I'm going to skip that
because I don't want to mess up the game that I have.
Oh, I can't wait.
Yeah, baby.
Daily deals will conclude on December 24th
with a certain jolly someone's most treasured treat,
free soft-baked chocolate chip cookies.
That's nice.
You roll in on Christmas Eve to McDonald's.
It's not sad.
You get a free cookie.
Quote from Morgan Flatley,
the US McDonald's CMO, Chief Marketing Officer.
After a year like 2020,
I think we could all use some extra cheer this season.
Go on, Morgan.
Do tell.
What better way to celebrate and get into the holiday spirit
with free McDonald's menu favorites for everyone,
including Rudolph, the abominable snow monster.
Bumble, please.
Please, Bumble, and even, yes, even Scrooge.
Huh, pre or post-Scrooge?
Looking at this, probably pre.
So you can get it in the thing.
So you guys are about to do the hardest thing
you've ever done in your entire lives.
There are 10 days of meals here.
I say meals, but it's really like a free item
that you get to celebrate a Christmas personality.
Hey, Justin, can I just do one from downtown?
Yeah, bud.
The abominable snowman is a McFlurry.
Nope.
Fuck.
You asshole.
Really?
You thought you were at McDonald's.
Try again on the McFlurry.
Try again.
Try again.
Try again.
Is that Frosty the Snowman?
There you go, bud.
There you go, bud.
You got it in two.
That's very respectable.
It's a fuck lot better than you guys
are gonna do with the rest of these.
December 14th, come on down to McDonald's
for a free double cheeseburger.
Huh, a double cheeseburger.
Wait, this is associated with a holiday figure?
A beloved holiday figure.
A double cheeseburger?
Is it Santa Claus?
I feel like it's Santa Claus's December 24th.
I'm gonna give that to you right now, okay?
He gets a free chocolate chip cookie.
I'm gonna say it's the Grinch?
No, bud, it's the Griswolds.
You know the Griswolds from National Lampoon's
Christmas Vacation?
Oh, beloved Christmas icons.
Yeah, they love the free double cheeseburger at McDonald's
and that's what they're getting.
I remember that scene when he's being horny
for the other woman.
And they split four ways, a double cheeseburger.
On the next day you come back in,
you're gonna get a free Big Mac.
Is that the Bumble?
That's gotta be the Bumble, right?
That's the Bumble.
Good job, guys.
That one you got.
Because it's big, just like the Bumble.
The next day, come on in for a free Egg McMuffin.
No, the voice makes me think Grinch.
I mean, it's the Grinch.
That's the Grinchy shit.
He's in there all day, every day.
Give me a McMuffin.
What is that?
It's got that flat ham I love.
Give that part to my dog, Max.
Okay, did you guys see that fucking musical, by the way?
No.
That NBC staged a live stage reading of,
not a staged version of the Grinch musical.
Fucking how did you turn that into two hours?
Well, I'll give you a hint.
They turned the dog into two separate speaking roles.
Yes, an older dog and a younger dog,
both of which had solos.
Fantastic.
Anyway, sorry.
It's a free McDouble the next day, December 17th.
Free McDouble.
What's a McDouble?
Is that just a two patty burger?
It's just a two patty burger, baby.
McDouble, huh?
George Bailey.
No, listen.
It's a free McDouble.
Think, Travis.
Travis, use your fucking brain for once.
Rudolph?
I don't know, man.
If I say Rudolph for all of these,
eventually I'll get a hit.
Double.
Well, it's John McClain.
Oh, because it's McDouble McClain.
Is that anything?
Yeah, there's a lot of things, though,
because McMuffin was the last one.
So yeah, that is a wild pick.
Free, medium, world famous fries
with, according to this picture,
two packets of ketchup.
George Bailey.
Is that one Rudolph?
That one's Rudolph, Greg.
Good job.
Yeah!
Okay, but I tapped.
Unless Donner and Blitzen are the next.
I literally can't think of too many other
Christmas time characters.
There is a beloved Christmas icon
that's going to slide you over
on a free six-piece McNugget on December 19th.
Well, that's Scridge.
He loves them nugs.
Elf?
No, that's incorrect.
Elf?
At 8 p.m.
What?
On that day, you could be enjoying the...
8 p.m., you could be enjoying the
McElroy Family Candle Night Spectacular,
and you could be eating a six-piece nugget
provided to you by beloved Christmas icon,
Gizmo from Gremlins.
Wowzers, wowzers.
They have 10 of these, and one of them's Gizmo.
If one of them, if Gizmo gets on the freebie list,
and Jesus Christ does not.
Thank you.
I feel like every McDonald's is going to be burned
to the ground by a certain type of,
let's say, Chick-fil-A fan.
Free hotcakes, December 20th.
Who's bringing you free hotcakes?
Is that one Elf?
That one's Elf, Greg.
Griffin, congratulations.
Okay, that actually makes sense.
That's one of the very few that tracks.
He loves Sarah.
I feel like they came up with that one first.
Yeah.
Maybe, and they were like,
this is a great idea for a promotion.
Let's commit to it.
Now, the next day, one hot coffee, please.
Scrooge.
That's Scrooge.
Wow.
That's Scrooge.
We did Frosty Snowman on the 22nd.
That's a free McFlurry.
23rd, this is our last one,
because obviously 24th is Santa.
23rd is a free bakery item.
That could be,
of course, we all know that there's a new line of bakery items.
Yes, there's a delightful marquee
outside of my local McDonald's that says,
new bakery items.
And then on another line,
tastes good.
I'm gonna say George Bailey from It's a Wonderful Life.
That would be good.
Can I also say George Bailey?
No.
Okay, ah.
But you're really,
you're actually weirdly close with the first name.
George Clinton.
But the first name isn't George.
George from Seinfeld?
Yeah, he loves them.
Jesus.
Wait, no, wait, no, let's,
you are so close.
Is it Seinfeld?
Why would it be Seinfeld?
So fucking close.
Please, you're so close.
Just try a little bit harder.
Think for a second.
You can do this.
Oh, it's the Festivus.
I didn't watch enough fucking Seinfeld.
I know they had their own.
It's not George Costanza.
Dad, George's dad, Costanza.
Frank Costanza and the rest of us
were celebrating Festivus on the third
with a free bakery item.
You know, 2020's been hard
so this Grinch is giving you a McMuffin.
That is absolutely bonkers.
It's an in-app deal only though, y'all.
So just kind of keep that in mind.
I also have to read here
that Seinfeld and all related characters
and elements are TM Castle Rock Entertainment,
Elf and all related characters.
Now it's a business thing again.
Oh God, commercialism.
I thought this was just a fun thing
our friend McDonald's was doing.
Yeah, they ruined it.
With our other friends, George's dad
whose name I already forgot.
Frank Ocean.
I am a college student
and I really like giving gifts.
My roommate is really into fantasy
slash Lord of the Rings type stuff
so I recently bought him a map of his home state
hand-drawn in a fantasy style
to give to him for Christmas.
A couple of days after it arrived,
he mentioned how he saw a Facebook app
for the same thing
and how stupid he thought it was
to get a fantasy map of your home state.
Right now the map is collecting dust in my closet.
Brothers, what do I do with this gift?
That's from Sheepish Schlepp in Chicago.
Hey, it's me, Chicago John.
Forget about it.
Forget about it.
Try my deep dish pizza.
It is me, Chicago Cubsman.
It's my club.
I'll splash the fantasy map whenever I want.
Is it possible when your roommate said it was dumb
what they meant is it's really cool
and they're embarrassed at how cool they think it is
and they're trying to seem cool
by saying like, oh yeah, it's dumb.
I'd hate to get that.
Because it popped up in their Facebook ads
so that must mean they really want it, right?
Listen to Facebook, okay?
Facebook's never wrong.
No.
I took a screenshot of a pretty bodacious shirt
that it recommended to me
that I'm going to try and find while I continue talking.
I think you've got to give your roommate
the fucking map anyway
and then you can be like,
I'm being ironic obviously.
Get it?
Get it?
How silly it is?
Can you imagine?
I would say, give it to your roommate.
Act like they never said anything.
I don't like that.
I don't love it because that both gives them
a gift they won't like
and also says I don't listen to you.
Well, the other option is you have it in your closet
until you forget about it and move out
and don't take it with you.
I would lean into it.
I like the ironic thing.
Like, I thought this is such a crack up
when you mentioned it being bad.
Also, my friend Justin is a podcaster
and he wanted me to ask you,
where the fuck do you get off being hugely into fantasy
but being snide about fantasy maps of home state?
Because it actually sounds really cool for me.
It sounds so cool.
I'm just saying if somebody wants to tell me
where to get one of these of West Virginia,
I would take the hell out of that.
Oh, yeah.
Batten down the hatches.
People know how to get at you.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Where can I get one of those?
Hey, where can I commission something like that
but done in Fallout 76
but also in a universe where Fallout 76
was actually really good.
It was a good game.
Yeah, I mean, we're gonna-
And also Fallout Boys in it.
Oh, yeah.
Shit.
And Fallout Boy draw me that poster
and I mean, all four of them at the same time.
Holding the pencil all four of you.
Just an exquisite Corpse style.
And they're all kissing.
That's also, so I found the image,
the screenshot I took from a company.
It's a sponsored suggested advertisement on my feed.
Which I will admit is largely dormant.
So I'm not giving them a lot of cookies.
I'm not giving them any cookies to deal with.
This is a get the perfect gift for loved ones.
Order here.
And then it's a shirt that's a white t-shirt
and big black letters in like 14 different fonts.
It says, sorry, I am already taken
by a freaking awesome husband.
He has anger issues and a serious dislike
for stupid people.
He's a perfect mixture of Prince Charming and warrior.
He is my whole world.
I love him forever and always.
Mess with me and they'll never find your body.
Yes, he bought me this.
Fucking awesome.
Have you thought about buying that for Rachel?
I did do that.
And it's her.
She'll love that.
Yeah, it's, we both call it her outside shirt.
Cause it's the shirt she wears anytime we go.
The shirt she wears anytime we go.
Y'all, if you could see this,
the absolutely Lovecraftian sort of
tome of different fonts that is on this one fucking t-shirt,
it would completely boggle your mind.
I must.
Yeah, I love targeted t-shirts like that.
I think it could be more generic.
Like if the t-shirt was like,
yeah, I'm connected to another person who I see a lot.
And they're a mixture of carbon and other stuff.
And if you-
They're just carbon.
They're just me.
They're dreams.
They're meeting dreams wrapped up.
I do wish I could just get a shirt that just said
Prince Charming and Warrior on it.
He is my whole world.
What do you think is,
now are you 50-50 Prince Charming and Warrior Griffin?
Or do you think it's like 60-40 or where are you at?
Well, I'm Prince Charming and Warrior
in the streets and sheets, respectively.
There's gotta be a better way to say that.
I can be, but sometimes I'm a Warrior on the streets
and a Prince Charming in the streets.
I think if I were to choose,
I would want Prince Charming in the sheets
and Warrior on the streets.
Well, sometimes you get the one that you ask for.
I fucked up recently with my Facebook algorithm
and then I mentioned on there that Sydney and I
had watched some Schitt's Creek.
And then the moment I posted it,
the fucking t-shirt manufacturers were like,
he's done it.
Justin's finally done it.
He did it.
Open the gates.
Here it comes.
Here comes all the hot bad holiday sweaters.
Here's everything.
Let him have it all.
Fantasy maps of Schitt's Creek.
Toys for Schitt's Creek.
Schitt's Creek toilet paper.
Open the gates.
Let it all fly.
That scared me.
If anybody wants to start a business
doing Lord of the Rings style maps of Schitt's Creek,
I would take that.
I would take one, please.
Fucking guarantee.
I'm going to type in.
I'm going to fuck my algorithm deeply.
I'm going to ruin my Google for the rest of my life
and type in.
I will never dig out of this algorithmic hole
I'm about to dig for myself.
I hesitate to even type it,
but I am going to type fantasy map of Schitt's Creek
and see what I get.
And yep, there's a lot.
My computer is now giving itself a wedgie.
Brutal.
Just brutal stuff.
Well, can you take us to the bridge, Justin?
Yeah, bud.
Thanks so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed it.
If you enjoyed it one third,
as much as we enjoyed making it, then-
Then that's not a very good return on investment.
No, it isn't.
But still, we hope you had fun.
Thank you so much for joining us.
And we have so much to tell you about real-
I'm just going to blow through some real quick.
I made a YouTube series with my friend Dwight Slappy.
It's called Taste of Luxury.
It's on YouTube on the McElroy Family channel.
There's five parts of it.
If you like the Bambam TV show, you will like this.
It's called Taste of Luxury.
Please watch it.
We made it in 2017.
And we've been working on bringing it to you ever since then.
December 19th, we already mentioned it,
but Candle Nights Special, 8 p.m.
It is a pre-taped Candle Nights Spectacular
with segments from never-before-seen segments
from the Bambam, Sawbone, Shvaners, Wonderful,
Still Buffering, Neat, special guests, celebrities.
It's amazing.
It's going to be a really fantastic show.
Tickets are pay-what-you-want with a $6.25 minimum.
And all of the proceeds are going to Harmony House,
which is a shelter in our area for people experiencing homelessness.
Bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights 2020 is the web address.
Please don't hesitate.
We need to make enough eggnog and latkes for everybody.
So we need to know ahead of time.
Yeah, we need to know ahead of time.
Please RSVP.
Can I pick it up, Justin?
For our family gathering.
What?
Can I pick it up from here?
Please do.
We've got a how-to podcast book coming out
called Everybody Has a Podcast Except You.
And we're doing a book launch event on January 26th at 9 p.m. Eastern time.
It's a free virtual event.
We've partnered with six independent bookstores.
If you pre-order from them, you'll get an exclusively designed book plate
signed by one of us with your copy while supplies last.
Go to bit.ly slash McElroy podcast book event for bookstore links and more event info.
Griffin and Rachel are doing a wonderful live fundraiser for the Austin Batcave.
That is December 28th at 9 p.m. Eastern time.
Tickets are 5 p.m.
All proceeds go to the Austin-
Tickets are $5.
Tickets are $5.
They're not 5 p.m.
Thank you.
Tickets are $5.
All proceeds will go to the Austin Batcave, a non-profit organization
which empowers students to find their voices and to tell their stories.
More info and tickets available at bit.ly slash wonderful ABC.
We've got all of our wonderful merch at McElroymerch.com.
The Ufesto pin of the month is still up there that benefits the Transgender Law Center.
We've got the Adventure Zone graphic novel Crystal Kingdom coming out.
You can pre-order that now at theadventurezonecomic.com.
You can also get the Sawbones book out in paperback on December 29th.
Newly revised and updated for 2020.
That's at bit.ly slash Sawbones paperback.
And my brother, my brother and me, Angels, is back.
You can go to mbamangels.com to claim some stockings.
Is that it?
Yes.
I think that's it.
Well, here's that final yahoo.
First of all, thank you to John Roderick and the Ufometer.
These are the songs that were part of the album of the days of Ed.
And thanks to Max Fun.
And thanks to Max Fun.
And here's the final yahoo.
This one was sent in by Eliana.
Thank you.
It's a yahoo answers user.
They're anonymous.
So I'm going to call them, um,
Krusha asks,
Is it true that if you shave your beard, your pubers grow faster?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I am Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dads, go around the lips.
