The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother Amin, and Vice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm that sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. And America's battling back for her birthday.
And that's right, America's birthday is here, and America, we're coming back.
But we're coming back because a lot of other people are soon to be dropping the ball right now,
and America's just gonna sneak in there and reclaim his glory by default.
I'm looking around at the world today, I'm seeing a lot of nations just kind of
screwing the pooch. But we're back.
Basically, America's like moving up the education standards list because
suddenly every other country forgot how to read.
Which is one way to do it. It's one way to climb that old ladder in it.
You don't have to be the fastest, you just have to run the longest.
Right.
For her birthday. So America's back, and I just couldn't be happier to be from this great thumb
on earth. It's a kind of thumb shape. You ever try to draw America?
Man, it's so hard.
Hard, it's really hard.
Let me ask you this, Justin. What did you get America for her birthday?
Uh, I got America was, um, Amazon Echoes.
Nice.
Nice.
I got, um...
I put it in Kansas because I wanted it to be, like, sorta central.
In the middle of it, yeah. And that way everyone can use it. You just, hey everybody,
real quick, stop the podcast, stop whatever you're doing, just yell at Kansas real quick.
Just be like, how do you convert 90 degrees Fahrenheit to Celsius?
Or, play Dave Matthews Band! Do you hear me, Kansas?
I forgot it was America's birthday again, and so I just went into the sheets and I got,
like, a teddy bear, and there's a little compartment, and it's belly for jelly beans.
Nice.
So, I bet.
I got America a Million XL t-shirt that says,
I'm with Stupid, and then there's arrows pointing in all directions.
Oh, that's great. Sort of a global burn.
Yeah. You know, it's important when you get a present for someone that you don't get the
present you want. You get the present they want.
Too true, Travis, too true.
And I felt like I wouldn't wear that giant ass t-shirt, but maybe America would, you know?
Plus it was on sale.
You'd be crushed to death under the shirt, I think, Travis.
It's so large. It's got a thick weave.
A thick weave to cover this beautiful nation of ours. Which, let's be honest,
I don't want to be a prude, but this nation's been too nude, too furious, for too long.
Yeah.
It's got bumps and humps and lumps everywhere.
Here's a fun fact. Here's a quick fun fact. Since we're talking about America,
it's this beautiful lady's birthday.
The center of the U.S. is the actual, like, geographical center of it, right?
It's in this place called Lebanon, Kansas, or two miles northwest, I guess.
So this is not the incredible fact I wanted to tell you.
There's a very tiny chapel there. Like, really, really small.
Like, four pews. Small, right?
There's a chapel there, but there's a little note that's set on this page I'm reading about.
It says, the U.S. geographic center chapel was destroyed by a speeding vehicle
missing the turn at the T intersection at the end of K-191 Highway on June 1st, 2008.
It's since been replaced by a new chapel.
I want nothing more. I'll tell you what, America, when my birthday comes around,
I want to hear the story that leads to this.
Like, guys, guys, I'm blazed.
We're going to go drive through the center of America and just plow through that tiny church.
Yeah.
Come on, don't be an idiot.
Well, here's the thing. They didn't say who was driving that car.
The answer is Joe Biden. Let me walk it back for you.
Joseph Gordon Biden, the vice principal of America, he had this amazing idea.
And he called me up and he told me about it.
And let me relay the idea.
The plan, because now it's more of a plan because it's him taking action.
Step one, just get rid of that old chapel, he said.
We got to get rid of that old chapel.
He'd been listening to American Gods.
I'm going to drive my stang through it, he said.
And I was like, fuck, yeah, Joey.
And so he drove his stang right through it and destroyed it.
And then he called up Barack Obama.
I'm sorry, Barack Hussein Obama.
It's important a lot of people forget.
And said, here's my idea.
There's a new plot of real estate that just opened up centrally located, Barry.
And from this position, the new White House in the center of America,
you'll be able to get to wherever you need to go.
Like the easiest you could possibly do it.
Unless where you need to go is D.C.
At which point being in D.C. would probably have been easy.
It'd probably be a little bit better.
But D.C. is so far on the East Coast.
It's like if you need to get to like Montana, it's going to take forever.
So we're just not going to mention the fact that
Griffin called Joe Biden the vice principal of America, right?
That's what he is.
Like you think about the typical sort of school structure, right?
The principal all about big picture ideas,
all about sort of like leading the school,
guiding them, giving them a hope, something to aspire to.
The vice principal, that's the ass kicker, isn't it?
That's the disciplinarian.
I was thinking that you either have your hard-nosed principal
that no one gets along with and you're kind of soft and friendly vice principal,
or you have like your bad-ass vice principal.
But the thing is, my question is this, Griffin.
Do you think that they discuss that like when a new vice principal gets hired
and the principal is like, listen, I'm the bad-ass.
No, no, no.
It was definitely like Barack Hussein Obama like walked into Joey's garage
and was like, listen, we need to figure this out.
And then like he wheeled himself out from underneath the stang that he was kitting up.
And he was like, I'll do it.
I'll do it.
You sound like Dominic Toretto there for a second.
Oh, he is basically, yeah.
Yeah, anyway, happy birthday, you big beautiful lady.
Did we release this on the 4th of July?
Probably not.
This one's probably going to go up on the 5th unless one of you boys wants to edit it.
No, not really.
You know what, guys?
We've been sort of slacking on questions per episode or QPE.
Well, we're like seven and a half minutes into this one already.
So I think this one's shaping up to be another-
It's better than Ray Donovan.
Ray Donovan, we were like 15 minutes in before we answered a question.
That's true.
But with that, I want to up our QPE this episode.
Let's get right into it.
One note about Ray Donovan, if I may.
Please stop.
Okay, you go ahead first.
And then I have a second note.
Maybe they're the same note.
Please go ahead, Griffin.
I was watching Unreal, terrific show on my Lifetime app,
which I'm probably not going to use for anything else.
Thank you, Lifetime.
And they apparently are sort of the same sort of family as Showtime.
So I did see a trailer for Ray Donovan.
And upon seeing it, I just kind of went, huh.
So that's what he is.
So that's the thing.
Very few toilets, much more punching celebrities and things.
So, wonderful.
We specifically asked on that episode,
please don't send us Ray Donovan related links and materials.
And do you know how many motherfucking Ray Donovan pictures
any time a Ray Donovan has hoved into everyone's field of vision,
they have submitted it to the Facebook group.
Please, no more.
I'm not going to approve your Ray Donovan.
And you know what?
Stop submitting the mac and cheese thing.
I did that last week.
Okay, now we're done.
Now, QPE up.
This is an advice show.
We turn your advice, Alchemy like it,
and questions Alchemy like into wisdom.
So here we go.
Hey brothers, my friend brought me a leg of lamb
she found in a supermarket dumpster as a house gift
when she came to stay for a couple of days.
She didn't mention it came from a dumpster
until I cooked it and served it.
Is this okay?
Thanks, Joe.
All right, let's just keep that QPE up.
No, this is terrible, Joe.
Your friendship is dissolved.
I dissolve it.
This is legally binding.
It's over.
I want to address something here
because there is a movement in the world
where grocery stores and the sell by date and all that shit,
they get rid of perfectly good food.
And like, this is no joke
that there's a huge food waste in America.
That said, the issue here is that she did not fucking tell you.
She was like that woman who murders her husband
and then serves it to the detectives, you know?
That's what's going on here.
She knew she had committed a crime
and she waited till you consume the evidence to tell you.
Yeah, yes.
Yes, if she had mentioned it afterwards,
she knows she committed a crime.
The thing is, from my bigger hang up,
is a leg of lamb is not a thing I would eat out of a dumpster.
If somebody throws a carrot into a compost heap
and it's there for less than five minutes
and then somebody fishes it out of there,
gives it a good old scrub down
and then chops it up and makes like a little stew for me,
I ain't mad at you.
A leg of lamb is like,
there's so many ways that that protein could be compromised by the dumpster gas.
Yeah.
And also, if your friend wasn't up front with you,
you also can't trust your friend when asked the question,
how long was it in the dumpster before you got it?
Your friend is going to lie.
Yeah, don't get it mistaken.
You could no longer trust this friend for anything ever again.
Did you lock the apartment door before we left?
Oh yeah, totally.
Okay, so then you didn't.
Then you basically just confessed that you didn't do that.
Hey, you paid for this bag of Skittles we're both eating right now.
Oh yeah, for sure.
So you shoplifted it from Sheets.
Great.
Oh, wonderful.
No, but this is great, Griffin.
It's like, one of them always tells the truth,
one of them always tells the lie.
Now, if you look at your friend and you ask them a question,
they say you always know that the answer is the opposite of what they said.
Yeah, I don't want anybody to conscript me
into their efforts on anything via secret food.
You know what would make me mad?
If someone made a meal for me and I ate it and then they're like,
you would never guess this, but that was vegetarian.
And I'm sitting there with a full belly and then I'd be like,
okay, you would never guess this,
but now I have to go find some meat so I could have had dinner.
Oh, you're on that B-I-I-N-G-O plan,
that bingo plan from The Biggest Loser.
The boy on The Biggest Loser,
whose parents were trying to get him to drop a few LBs,
so they made a little veggie puree and hid it in his meatloaf.
And they're like, did you like that?
He was like, yeah, it was real yummy.
Thanks, mom.
She was like, there's cauliflower in that.
And he just goes silent and says,
don't you ever fucking do that to me.
Like, this boy's demeanor changed.
And in this moment, he was not bingo.
He was like, Mark, something like-
Sounds different.
Don't you ever fucking do that to me again.
I agree.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Absolutely, Griffin.
Absolutely, I do.
This one was sent in by Rachel Rosen.
Game recognized that game for me real quick.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user JJ, who asks,
I see orbs when I play my guitar.
What?
Today, I saw something strange
while watching a recording of myself playing my guitar.
I recorded the video in slow-mo on my phone
to see the strings vibrate.
It's really cool.
Cool.
But I noticed a small white orb pop into frame
directly on my fretboard.
Started from the 15th fret
and traveled down the neck to the fifth fret.
It moved fast as hell too.
It reminded me of a shooting star the way it moved.
Then it hovered for a second
and then at a much slower pace
floated around the strings in a spiraling motion.
Was it just dust?
A spirit who wants to jam?
I'd love to hear some theories on it.
Oh, is that your first time seeing the spirit of music?
Yeah.
You know that's a literal thing, right?
Like there's a reason why Santana does what he does.
He can't help himself.
He can't help himself.
The spirit is moving him.
I mean, I love the idea of it as a spirit who wants to jam.
And it's like you watch that video
and you transcribe the orb's movements to like tabulature.
And then you're like, all right, let's try this out.
Today is gonna be the day that the...
Ah, it's Wonderwall, fucking orb.
The trick is it's always Wonderwall.
Oh, it is always, yeah.
That's the only song the spirit of music is ever like.
The spirit of music has a very outdated taste in music,
which is very ironic.
My favorite running joke to do
is whenever I'm in a car and Oasis is playing
and it's either Wonderwall or Don't Look Back in Anger
because despite the fact that they're like
apparently the most popular British band since the Beatles,
like that's all the two songs they did.
I just pretend like, oh, who is this?
I like this.
I like this kind spirit thing.
What do you call this?
You gotta be careful with the spirit of music
because if I know anything from lore,
it's that those spirits,
they got no respect for human physical limitations.
Sure.
And they will make you play the strings too fast
till your fingers bleed or dance too hard
till your toes fall off or something.
And they'll make you play Wonderwall
and they'll make you play Wonderwall
until your skin is just shredded
like you shredded those sick notes.
That's what happened to Pete Townsend.
He was bedeviled.
He was bedeviled every time he got on that stage.
I got blisters on my fingers.
Damn you, cruel spirit.
Please kill me.
Please.
I'm bedeviled.
You think, but you gotta be good.
You gotta be like careful with that
because if you do wrong by the spirit of music,
if you were to say, I can't play this right now,
my fingers are falling off, then I leave you.
You know, it abandoned you
and forced you to create the music on your own.
Just like it happened to the Oasis brothers.
And Chinese democracy took that long because slash and axle.
And it still wasn't very good
because they couldn't really find that spirit again, could they?
They tried to fake it by like just,
those weren't notes.
Half of Chinese democracy is not music
because they couldn't do that.
So they had to fill it.
That's why there's so many Chris Tucker skits
on Chinese democracy
because they didn't have enough songs.
If you slow down, like put it in like 4,000 frames a second,
slow, slow, slow-mo,
that video of 10 minutes of Axl Rose during a live concert
asking for some reggae,
you can actually see like the spirit of music
like fly into his mouth
and then it shines bright in his belly.
And then he just like in an ejaculatory scream,
just give us some reggae.
You know when they're working so hard on that album
and it took so long,
I kept telling them,
guys, let's say you have half an album written and done,
just play them half as fast.
Play them like slower
and then you've got a full record, done.
Or just play them again.
But this time like do it with like British accents.
With a bit more reggae.
Here's the lineup.
Track one, Chinese democracy.
Track two, just playing around a Chris Tucker skit.
Track three, Chinese democracy.
Reggae mix.
Reloaded.
Reggaeton mix.
Reloaded with reggae.
Do you guys think we're gonna inevitably end up
like the Gallaghers?
Gallagher one and Gallagher two.
Because I don't know if you follow those bros,
but somebody, one of them retweeted like the other week
like fuck Noel for real.
Fuck this dude, I hate his guts.
It's like you guys made Wonder Ball together,
that's kind of weird.
Oh, he was saying that about his own brother?
Yeah.
And I'm worried like something's gonna happen.
That white beautiful orb of comedy is gonna leave us
and then it's just gonna be like Travis can eat my butthole.
I don't think so, Griffin,
because I don't think the Gallaghers were actual brothers.
Interesting, clones then, huh?
Yeah, or maybe just bound together by a dark secret.
Okay, they killed the third one.
Yeah, something like that.
Okay, yeah, that's possible.
They buried him in an oasis.
Isn't it weird how Noel and Joel Gallagher,
the oasis brothers hate each other?
And then Gallagher one and Gallagher two
are brothers that also have like huge beef.
It's like, that's weird, right?
What is it with Gallagher brothers?
I don't know.
It's really weird.
Who were the second Gallagher brothers?
Gallagher one and Gallagher two.
Gallagher one and Gallagher two?
Yeah, the watermelon-based comedians.
Griffin, you know that this is not a joke
and that there are in fact two Gallaghers, right?
No, this is a joke from the comedy podcast
My Brother and My Brother and Me
that us three are gonna host until we hate each other.
No, this is 1000% real.
There's a new Gallagher.
Gallagher one, okay, I'll pay you the picture.
Gallagher one was seeing huge success smashing things.
His brother, in envy and perhaps wanting
to get his piece of the watermelon pie,
started touring as Gallagher two.
Oh my God, this is like the real life prestige.
This is the prestige two.
How do you know which one you're getting
when he says I love you to you?
How do you even know which fucking Gallagher it is?
Exactly, that was the exact problem.
The only thing that Gallagher asked Gallagher two,
his brother Gallagher, Ron Gallagher,
the only thing he asked him was to please don't do Sledge-O-Matic.
The siren call was too strong.
He got the, he already bought that big hammer.
Oh God, I want that scene in the movie where like,
he's like of course I won't do Sledge-O-Matic,
but it like pans out and you could see the Sledge-O-Matic
leaning against the wall behind the door
and like we know that he's gonna do Sledge-O-Matic.
This is gonna end with one of them getting hanged
and you, but you don't know which one
and right before he does it,
like a watermelon like falls out of his pocket
and rolls down the gallows stairs
and he just goes like, whammo, dead.
The classic, classic Gallagher phrase.
And then the other one fucking kills Batman.
Here's a question, I work at a startup
where one of the perks is a laundry service.
Once a week we can bring in a bag of laundry
for wash and fold, fuck.
I'm going on parental leave soon
and I have lightheartedly announced my intention
to drop by during my leave to drop off,
pick up my laundry.
Here's the problem, everyone keeps acting like I'm joking.
I feel like if I ask outright,
I'm putting them in a position where they can't say no,
even if it's not okay.
Am I taking a work perk too far?
Is there a way to clear this up
without putting someone in an awkward position?
And that's from Laundry Leecher.
My God, there's such an easy way.
What is it, Griff?
Don't do this thing.
Wrong.
I know I'm not technically on the clock,
I'm taking kind of a three year sabbatical
to kind of find myself.
Anyway, here's my dirty jeans.
Unless.
Oh, this is gonna be a tricky needle
and a tricky unless needle to thread, Travis,
but unless.
Here's the thing, is this perk a replacement
for like a normal benefit or pay?
I'm so funny.
No, hear me out.
If the startup was like, listen, we're new,
we can't afford to pay you guys the salary
that a bigger company would,
but we have connections with this wash and fold place.
We got a deal through there so we can kind of balance out.
It's a cool hip perk of working with us, right?
So if that was guaranteed like once a week,
this is part of your thing
and you're taking paid leave, I think it's included.
I think it's a pretty shitty perk.
If you can't use it when you're on parental leave
and need it more than you've ever needed it
in your entire life,
I think that you should definitely do this thing
because you are going to need that very, very badly
and I think that you are well within your rights.
This is a thing nice, like good people worry about
that like normal people don't.
Normal people would just roll up and like,
yeah, I just needed to check some mail
and happen to have some laundry with me, here you go.
Like the fact that you're worried about it
means you're probably not that bad a person,
but you should still totally do it.
No pun intended, there is a wrinkle here
that we are not considering.
I can't imagine a scenario where I would want
all of the people that I work with
in my professional day-to-day to see what I do
to all my clothes, do you know what I'm saying?
I don't think you have to walk in
and hold each piece up for them and just drop a bag off.
You walk in with the hamper
and like if you walk too close to somebody's desk
and you got some gym clothes in there,
I wouldn't, that's not, do you know,
I'm embarrassed of my dirty clothes.
You are definitely, if you do use this work perk,
you are definitely gonna be like
the deep web equivalent of a laundry load.
You are going to need like a dark load,
a silk road for your silk clothing
and all other clothing that are just,
the circumstances of which are just a little too dark
to bring to the company laundry service.
You need a Ray Donovan to smuggle your clothes in
and he'll fucking wash them for you.
He won't fold, he doesn't fold,
you'll get him back, there'll be a big wrinkly mess.
He doesn't do bleach
because he's worried about his own clothes.
He's worried about getting bleach on his fancy suits,
which is weird, but yeah, that's just Ray.
Ray, could you, could you bring your clothes in
and kind of covertly distribute them
amongst your coworkers bags of laundry
so no one would know you're doing it?
What is this dystopian workplace
where everybody just has all their stinky,
dirty clothes all over?
Wait, I got it, this is great.
Bring a load of laundry in and say,
hey guys, I just want to stop by and say,
hi, I'm on my way to do my own laundry.
I'm really tired and stuff, but I'm just gonna,
you know, I'm not working,
so I would just feel terrible to use the company service
and then forget, wink, and leave it there.
And what are they gonna do?
Are they gonna call you and say,
come get your dirty laundry?
Are they gonna just like do it?
They'll just do it and you should connect so grateful
every time you do that for the next six weeks or so.
Oh, here's the problem, Justin.
If I'm-
Oh wait, there's a problem with that?
It's really good.
If I'm reading this correctly,
unless they like deliver it to your home,
the problem is not in the dropping off laundry.
I think you can do that without drawing too much attention.
It's the picking back up your clean stuff
that really is gonna make you seem like a monster.
Like I literally came in just to get my clean laundry.
Bye, everybody.
Unless you make a big deal out of it.
Just like bury your face in that hamper
and just go like, oh man, they did a great job this.
Everybody come sniff these.
Wonderful.
Anyway, bye.
This makes the difficulty of caring for an infant
almost bearable.
Bye, everybody.
Bye, everyone.
Is that the shitty part that like you took your leave
to care for your baby
and now you're taking time away from your newborn
to drop off your shitty, dirty clothes?
Well, even if I knew this,
if one, I worked in an office
and two, I just got started at a place like this.
Even if I knew this was a thing,
if you think about like actually trying that
for the first time,
I am fairly certain I would never actually
be able to go through with it
because I don't think I would be able to ask enough questions
to figure out what the,
I would be so terrified of doing it wrong.
Like I would show up with a laundry basket
and everybody laugh at me like,
no, you drop it off at this place
or no, you can't put those clothes in there
or no, you gotta sort your clothes first.
I would probably just be so paranoid
about messing it up that I would end up doing myself.
And that's the McElroy way.
Don't try doing anything
because you'll probably get it wrong.
The first time.
The first time.
So how am I supposed to dip this sushi in?
Ah, fuck it, I'll just never eat sushi then.
Burgers forever.
Burgers, I guess, forever then.
I mean, I feel like I'm on fairly firm ground there
considering that like our dad once like ate the edamame
and ate all the shell
and everyone asked him where the shell in,
something in New York and everybody,
this is a few years ago before edamame was like in vogue,
I guess, and everyone asked him where the shells were
and he laughed because he had eaten them.
So it's like, I don't feel like I'm completely,
I don't feel like my suspicion
that someone of my genetic material
would get many things wrong very badly,
comically wrong the first time I tried them
is like out of, out of pocket.
Yeah.
You know, they added something to the menu
where they actually do cook the shells around it now
at that restaurant
and you're supposed to eat the whole thing
and they call it Edadaddy.
All right.
Do you guys want a yahoo or should we?
Yes.
Let's do a yahoo.
Yeah.
This yahoo was sent in by level 9,000 YajruDruJru
driving board.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajru Answers user Cain who asks,
who else can't stand fake OutKast fans?
The ones that just put Andre 3000 and say,
oh, he's creative.
Have y'all actually listened to OutKast albums?
Andre 3000 is kind of like Kendrick Lamar,
observant and introspective.
He talks a lot about what was wrong with urban America,
intricate rhyming and unique musically.
BS, ATE Aliens is the best OutKast album?
That's accurate.
That's sure.
I mean, I'm more of a speaker box love below fan.
Although it was that really technically an OutKast album
because they were kind of divide and conquer.
That was like an OutKast collaboration at that point.
Anyway, yeah, I mean, they bug me when they don't get
the artistry that go into it,
but I am more annoyed by fake OutKast fans.
Do you get it?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, but it just seems like this person is presenting
an argument of like OutKast wasn't just good,
they were really good and expecting to get
some kind of argument back from people.
No, I don't think you understand what I'm saying.
I'm talking about reploid, replicant OutKast fans.
Genetically engineered OutKast fans.
People who are just like, hello, I enjoy Sanconia.
Yeah, I do like Sanconia though.
Well, and that's what makes you real.
But like if I cut your hand open, it's gonna be red.
It's not gonna be blue or something.
Well, I actually bleed OutKast.
Wait, or does that make me real or fake?
Hold on, do you build the fake OutKast fans
so that they know too much about OutKast?
Like, are they like a Stepford wives thing
where it's like it's too perfect and they know too much?
Or is it an imperfect duplicate of an OutKast fan?
Maybe we're talking about fake OutKast fans.
Sorry, let me try the fake OutKast fans.
Okay, so you're saying that when I had my OutKast tribute group.
Or we could also be talking about-
Get OutKast too.
My OutKast tribute group OutKast too,
our fans are the people that this person had an issue with.
It could be a cover band, it could just be again.
Hello, I am Andre 3000.
Hello, my name is big boy.
Sometimes my arm has been back.
What if it's people who are fans of the podcast fake OutKast
that's all about like punk and then it's all about all the like prank shows,
the fake OutKast, the fans of that show, maybe they hate-
Now what shows are they gonna be talking about?
Cause Jamie Kennedy Experience, dead, punked, dead.
Although I hear rumblings of a punk too.
Well, here's the problem with punk too, they can't do Sledge-O-Matic.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Which is a good prank.
I mean, let's be honest, it's a pretty good punk.
Oh, I'm sorry, was that your watermelon?
Maybe they have a problem with OutKast fans
that have been printed on a two-dimensional cardboard stand up.
So when they go to greet them and discuss OutKast
and they outstretch their hand to do the traditional OutKast secret handshake,
they just bump up into flat cardboard and they think,
ah, I've been tricked again by a fake OutKast fan.
Maybe they have problems with the bootleg merchandise
where they want only OutKast branded fans to fan themselves with.
And they're buying like, it's spelled like O-W-T-C-A-S-T.
And they're like, wait, is this really an OutKast fan?
It's like, yeah, yeah, sure, $2.99.
And then they get it home and it falls apart the first time they try to use that.
I saw Reploid OutKast back in like 2004.
Man, they were excellent.
What was your favorite song?
Probably Bombs Over Baghdad.
When they were like, I can move an elephant and silverback orangutans,
you can't stop a train.
And a lot of people didn't like the cadence.
Like, I think the flow might be better in the original B.O.B.
But who wants something don't come in the paper,
it'll be there when I lean there.
I think there's a certain hauntingness to that that I really enjoyed.
Also, at one point Andre 3000 opened up his mouth
and sparks shot into the audience for 15 minutes.
Now that's my design.
That's actually part of the pyrotechnics of the show.
It was the bridge of the song, the power music, electric revive.
Just the two of them were like just barfing sparks and it was amazing.
That's, Griffin, I know that you were painting a goof portrait.
That sounds like it would be so fucking cool.
No, it'd be the best thing ever.
10 years since the last OutKast studio album.
Jesus.
Did you believe that shit?
10 years this summer.
August 22nd, 2006 is Idlewild.
I think Big and Andre are probably like locked in combat with the Reploids.
That's the problem.
They've been trying to eliminate the...
Okay.
The Reploids did Idlewild, the movie.
TV networks out there, they're willing to make me a show about...
It'll be basically like supernatural,
except it'll be the OutKast friends going around
and destroying clones and replicants and fake OutKast.
And just trying to find time to like write a new, like construct a new album.
That'll be like a running gag.
People are like, so how's the new album going?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you kidding me, dude?
If we take like one day off, do you know how fucked you all would be?
There would be a scene in this where real Big Boy, real Andre,
they're fighting a Reploid duo and they take out Big Boy,
but then Replicant Andre grabs real Andre and they spin around on the ground
and they stand up and Andre 3000 is like,
all right, Big Boy, we've been through a lot.
You know it's me.
Let's just do some rhymes together.
And then the other one would be like,
no, it is me, Andre 3000.
Look at my hat.
Look at my hat.
You know the truth.
Hey, shake it.
Shake it like a Polaroid.
You are, you have killed me.
Good choice, Big Boy.
The second season is better.
The first season of the show, they do a lot of like martial arts
and every time they attack, they're like, hey, yeah.
And it's like, all right guys, we did it.
Like once or twice would be fine.
You've done it 115 times in season one.
Every episode.
They're swarming us.
We can't stop them, Big Boy.
We have to make the call.
Release the bombs over Baghdad.
Andre like jumps a hundred feet in the air
and then like takes out five Replicant Big Boys.
Up there.
And then he lands on the ground and Big Boy just goes,
I like the way you move.
Let's go to the money zone.
I'm hungry, but that's not a problem for me
because I have a fridge that has just been restocked
full of the freshest ingredients,
some of which I cannot even receive in my area
and recipes on how to turn these perfectly proportioned
ingredients into delicious meals for my family.
And guess what?
All these meals cost less than 10 bucks per meal.
God say the brand name.
Please, God say the brand.
Blue Apron.
Man, you really left me in suspense there.
I dropped you in media revs into that particular advertisement.
I don't know where you guys,
I don't know what loop you guys are on right now.
Last night I made fried chicken with a kale slaw
and sweet potato wedges and hot honey.
That was fucking insanely good.
So, so good.
Blue Apron kicks ass.
We all do it.
Like I don't get it for free.
Like I pay for it.
Like it's not one of those like advertisers are sending us.
Like I pay for it because it's fucking exceptional.
Changed my life.
I know how to cook now because of this thing.
It's so good.
If you want to try it and you really, really should.
Here's just a couple of meals available in June.
Creamy shrimp fettuccine with salted green beans and spinach.
Yes, please.
Sweet chili chicken with Tinkerbell peppers, green beans, jasmine rice.
You know, what's cool is if you have certain things you don't eat,
they can do vegetarian meals.
They can do not fish.
If you're not a fish person, they can, you're crazy, by the way.
They're really talented musicians and great pop songwriters.
No, don't spread that bullshit around.
They are not good at all.
Fuck you.
They got some really good parts.
No, they don't.
You're wrong.
No, you're wrong.
I'm saying like, I prefer the studio stuff.
It does get a little noodley for me on like the live records,
but like they have really, I mean,
Treyus Nation has really solid pop construction
when that's the sort of milieu he's working in.
I think it's dump.
And also like, well, that's a really great fucking attitude.
This is supposed to be a show for people to like feel good about.
And there are, I guarantee there's people who are like,
oh, well, fuck you very much.
I should be clear.
I've heard one fish song in my entire life.
Hey everybody, if you're a fish fan, tweet at Travis right now
and all week about your favorite fish songs
until he's a fucking convert by the end of the week.
Okay, I've only heard one song.
Yeah, let me know.
Let me know what's good.
No, don't let him know.
Open up the fucking whole prison cell block and flood him.
I summon the fish fans.
All of my non-fish fans out there,
I need you guys to do the same thing,
but the Justin and Griffin.
No, but we weren't being dingleberries about fish.
Yeah, Travis, this is punishment.
We haven't earned it.
That's not punishment.
It's having his fucking eyes open.
Check out, oh, and you should read Nathan Raven's book
about fish fans and ICP fans called,
You Don't Know Me But You Don't Like Me.
It's really, really, that'll change your life too.
Anyway, check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com
slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Can I talk to you about Sheetz?
Please do.
Justin, Justin, do you know anything about Sheetz?
Yeah, it's a sort of a restaurant gas station hybrid
in I guess the Midwest and Northeast.
Northeast may have been more Wawa, I guess,
but yeah, that's Sheetz.
Did you know it can also be a thing that you put on a bed?
True story.
Tell me more.
Well, here's the thing.
If you just slept on your regular bed
without anything on it,
you get your nasty body stuff all over the bed.
And then what are you gonna do?
Buy a new mattress every time?
No, I'm starting at square one here
to explain that Bowling Branch is an amazing company.
So what you do is you put a thin layer of fabric
over your bed that could be washed and replaced
so that you don't have to get a new bed
every time like you drool or sweat or whatever.
And so Bowling Branch is the next evolution of Sheetz.
They don't care about thread count.
They care about quality material.
Thread count is a myth.
Dry land is not a myth.
Neither is quality sheets from Bowling Branch.
They use high quality cotton to make you great sheets.
And because they don't have overhead
like some of the big stores,
they're able to keep their prices down
and get you amazing product at a very reasonable price.
So you can check it out online at BowlingBranch.com.
It's B-O-L-L and Branch.com.
They'll let you try the sheets for 30 nights risk-free.
And it's not just sheets.
I keep saying sheets, but it's towels, blankets,
duvet covers, everything.
And you can go to BowlingBranch.com today
and get 20% off your entire order plus free shipping
if you use the promo code MYBROTHER, all one word.
Go check it out.
Get yourselves a new sheets.
Sleep on a dream.
That's not their thing, but it is now.
It's pretty good.
I got a message, your personal message for Robert.
And it's from Laura or Laura or Lara who says,
happy 420, darling Robert.
My dearest Robert, it is time to blaze.
We march for the front lines tomorrow, General Lee says.
I shall await your correspondence.
Please roll this letter up and smoke a fat Dubinsky with it.
Chief my love correspondence, Robert.
Chief it up right.
Roll it only the way we used to roll it.
My dankest love, Laura.
Happy 420, darling Robert.
Happy 420, darling Robert.
The first four years have been rough, I can't lie.
But here's to the next 20 being smooth sailing.
I'm sorry this message is late.
There's so much to love in these like four sentences
or three sentences, holy shit.
First of all, you're basically saying 24 years
and then that's it, which is great.
You wish them a happy 420,
which is like really specific timing.
I'm hoping you managed to like work it out
so that this message was played directly at 420.
Chief it up, blaze it.
And then you apologize for the message being late.
Which honestly all Jumbotron messages should conclude with.
It should be like the sorry so sloppy of Jumbotron messages.
Great message, let's see if this next one can compete.
It's for everyone and it's from Sparkles.
And the message is be cool like Blair.
And the preferred timeframe for this message is
whenever I love and trust you.
Yes, this is another very good Jumbotron message.
You'll know the right moment.
Which Blair are we talking about?
Blair Walder from Gossip Girl maybe?
That's probably it.
No, I think this is probably a real Blair
that a person named Sparkles, maybe that's a pseudonym,
just wants everyone to know their friend Blair is really cool.
And I don't know anything about Blair.
I mean, except for the fact that it's a cool name.
So I'll aspire to be at least as cool as the name is.
Do you know there's a WikiHow article
called how to behave like Blair Waldorf
and it has eight steps to it?
Like WikiHow, I think you don't fall outside the lines.
I don't think that that's what your service
is supposed to be used for.
I think you're probably getting a bit big for your breaches.
You know at the moment of Yahoo Answers passing
there will be a quickening.
Right, when somebody, when Marissa Mayer
fucking beheads Yahoo Answers,
which is the only way to kill it,
there will be a quickening
and WikiHow will receive the quickening.
If there's gotta be a bidding war,
if there's a bidding war for like the Yahoo.
I will kickstart it.
This will be the thing we use our one token
of like Kickstarter support from listeners.
We'll go to Roman Mars and we'll pick up our token
so we can put it into the machine
to get something crowdfunded.
Yes.
So everyone be cool like Blair, I guess.
Yeah.
Hey, James.
Hey, Nick.
Where are we right now?
You're in the minority corner.
Haven't you been here before?
You know what?
I think I have.
Cause you're a woman.
And you're a gay man.
And we're both black.
And now that we're here in the minority corner,
what should we talk about?
How about race, gender, and sexuality?
Ooh, and we can gossip about celebrities
and I can quiz you on pop culture.
Ooh, and we can have guests.
We're gonna learn, laugh, and play.
You know, that sounds a lot like Blue's Clues.
Only it's more black, gay.
And ladylike.
Minority corner with a K.
Check us out.
Cause the C was taken.
Hey, read a question.
My landlord recently had a fence erected around my house,
including a gate that stands between my front door
and the sidewalk.
He lives on the block and really seems to enjoy
making eye contact while walking up to my house
and closing the gate every time I failed to do so.
Oh, I've never spoke to the guy.
So it feels like a pretty weird power play to me.
Should I just hold my breath till I move away
or is it time to escalate?
So wait.
It's open in Iowa City.
Is this a situation where the landlord also lives
in this building?
It doesn't sound like it.
No.
Oh, he lives on the block.
So he like literally walks down to your street,
makes eye contact, shuts the gate.
Why the fuck do you care if the gate is shut or not?
I mean, I get, okay, well, let me ask you this, Griffin.
If you paid money to put a gate up and the gate was open,
wouldn't you think, well, why the fuck did I do that?
Right, but a gate, like it sounds like anybody
can just open the gate.
What are you protecting it from, cougars?
Are you the only person who lives in the house?
This is very odd.
This is very strange.
Wait, wait, wait.
Do you think that when the landlord is closing the gate,
he's thinking, I don't want you to get out.
I don't know how gates work.
I need to keep you safe, my precious tenant.
It's a really weird power play in that
it doesn't assert any power.
It's just a weird thing to do.
He's not looking out for you
unless you do literally live in cougar town.
Although I think even a lot of cougars
could probably figure out a way.
I mean, they could just World War Z it
and run at the gate until they form a cougar based stairwell.
You know what I mean?
But like, this is the weird thing about living in proximity
to people who like own a thing is
people get really weird hangups.
Like I used to get weird notes on this one place I lived at
where the woman who was sort of like living in the building
in a discounted rate
because she was sort of keeping an eye on it
and so would get like very overzealous.
So I'd get these weird notes like,
when you bring your Christmas tree back downstairs,
please make sure to shake all the dead needles off
before you do it.
And she would put it up there in like August
to like really make sure that we were thinking about it
for a very long time
or she put notes like,
please stop stealing all my laundry soap
and please buy your own.
You know, weird stuff.
Weird hangups like that.
When I lived in the West Virginia building
and I was, you know,
I don't wanna dad turn off the podcast
but I was, you know, hitting that Skywalker OG.
You know what I mean?
I don't.
Having some of that purple Urkel.
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't.
So I did not realize until the day that we all moved out
that our landlord literally lived a floor directly above us.
Oh my.
And they must have been like super chill about it
because we never received a knock on the door.
That is so much worse of a thing to do
than leaving your gate open.
Unless again, you do live in Cougar Town.
Why are landlords,
why are some landlords horrible
and some just love it when you party?
I had a landlord who was a very nice woman
and we lived in this apartment
for like five years in Cincinnati
who would routinely come over
just to like check in
and seemingly just to judge
where we would put our furniture in the house.
That's not how I do it.
Yeah, or like how we were caring for like our backyard
or what kind of deck chairs we had.
She was very judgmental in like a familial way.
Not like in a mean way,
but like you would expect your mom to check up on you.
It was very weird.
And I always wanted to just look at her and be like,
hey, I appreciate you.
And like, I give you money.
Please don't come over.
Please don't where you are.
Here's a weird part about this question to me
is that when they say that
he really seems to enjoy making eye contact
while walking up to my house
and closing the gate every time I feel to do so.
That's weird that they're doing that.
But like, what are you doing
that you are in a position
to make eye contact with the landlord
when they walk up your side?
Like, are you just like leaving the gate open
and then standing outside in your truth
and just waiting for them to come by
so you can make eye contact with them?
Another possibility.
That's possible.
I guess this is just an endorsement.
If you live in Huntington,
looking for a place to live, West Virginia is great.
West Virginia building is great.
They are just like, they're down with whatever.
Landlord will just like walk in and be like,
it smells like that good good in here.
Anyway, have fun, boys.
And Rio Grande is like right downstairs.
Rio Grande is right downstairs,
which is like conducive to the good good.
And I think backyard is like right across the street, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, and you got a,
there's a frozen yogurt,
tropical moon place right across the street.
Walking distance to the movie theater.
Yeah, there's two derelict movie theaters
that you can just go walk and throw rocks at.
It's awesome.
Things about she's co-creator,
Dwight Slappy lives there.
You can go hang out with him.
It's got a lot going for it.
It's got so much going for it.
So how about a Yahoo?
I'd love that, Griffin.
This one is sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Usman, who asks,
teaching internet, my uncle.
Hello, all.
Well, first, my English is not good,
but hope you can understand.
That's fine.
We'll get it.
Okay, my uncle wants to learn internet from me.
I'm using the internet since 2010,
and I have much knowledge about internet downloading
and searching, almost everything.
But I'm confused.
How can I teach him internet?
So I need your suggestion from where should I need to start?
How can I teach him internet?
Thanks.
I don't want to make it sound like we're laughing
at this person's message,
or the syntax of the message.
No, I guarantee that sounds better
than if I tried to write a message and say Spanish.
Yes, sure.
I'm laughing about like,
how do you really sit an old man down?
How do you sit your old uncle down and start?
Where do you start with the internet?
You have a clean slate experience
where the first thing you show them
will be the jumping off point for internet for them.
Because it's going to be like you sit them down
and they're like,
where do I put in the internet floppy disk?
And it's like, oh, Jesus.
Oh, my God.
I saved all my punch cards.
So we're literally at ground zero.
Okay.
How do you teach someone the internet?
Now, how do I save the internet when I'm done with it?
No, oh, Jesus.
But think of the power you have with like,
you have this lump of clay in front of you
and you can mold in their mind
their concept of the internet.
You could just take them to like three pictures of a cat
and a recipe for fried chicken
and say, and that's the internet.
That's it.
That's what all the fuss has been about.
That's all there is so far.
We're still waiting for people to put some more on there.
But so far, we're pretty happy with the start of it.
Anyways, no need for you to ever get on this again.
I imagine on the first day,
your pawpaw sits down at the computer
and you just laugh like, ha!
Yeah, you think you're ready for that?
No, no, stand up.
And then you throw a notepad and a pen and start there.
Start putting searches into that first
and then you'll be ready to ride the snake at some point.
Not now.
Yeah, I enjoy, actually, I'm coming back from a different place
because there is, we're laughing at this,
but there's certain knowledge that we possess about the internet
that goes beyond like, how do I find information?
How do I Google?
What is an email?
How do I say?
There's stuff that you need to know about sort of the landscape.
And I think really the only way to educate an old, old man about all that
is to just throw them into that deep Tumblr,
into a deep old Tumblr
and let them kind of dig their way out from there.
I'm talking about literally restraining them to a chair
and say like, you can only stand up and leave this room and use the potty
once you've found your way out of this like,
SpongeBob SquarePants rule 34 Tumblr collection.
Have fun, grandpa.
Thanks for fighting in the Korean War for me,
but you need to get the hell out of escape from Tumblr, I call it.
That's a good way to get that going, I think.
You heroically piloted a helicopter to evacuate Vietnam War vets
and that was a great thing you did.
Now it's time to see if you can escape from a different place,
which is to say that deep Tumblr.
Wait, hold on.
I really enjoy that you piloted a helicopter to evacuate Vietnam War vets.
Like someone's fighting in the Vietnam War,
they're like, help, stop, I'm a veteran.
Like, yeah, I know.
That's what they did back in the Vietnam War.
Okay, you know what I'm saying.
And to be fair, he didn't say evacuated Vietnam War vets from Vietnam.
Yeah.
Could have been somewhere else.
Could have been a building full of Vietnam War vets that caught on fire.
I also didn't say in 2008.
I think that's a good way to-
You evacuated all those Vietnam War vets even as they asked you to stop
because they were just in their houses.
Please, I'm fine here.
What if-
Thank you.
What if my thing though, they're at like an AARP party or whatever
and they're talking to their cohorts and their cohorts is like,
my grandson got me a Blackberry and I've been using it to be on the internet.
And then this Tumblr grandpa would just be like,
oh, let me show you this high res JPEG that I found of Patrick the starfish is hard cock.
And everyone's like, what are you doing?
And he's like, no, this is internet.
My grandson-
This is all it is.
My grandson locked me in a shower, an unused basement shower
and wouldn't let me leave until I sort of discovered what internet was.
And this is it, it's the starfish is hard cock.
And I'm better for it.
Yeah, I know a lot of stuff now.
Can you imagine being like 86 and your grandson's showing you the weirdest shit
he can find on the internet and you stumble across what happens to you
what has always been your thing.
And you didn't know about it till you were 86 and you found it on like Reddit
and you're like, oh, I've wasted so much time.
On your deathbed, just like flipping through the Blackberry,
your grandson just got you and you end up on that deep Tumblr
and it's like, here's my Tumblr blog.
And it's all just the art of Squidward and he's got six dicks.
And you're like, that's it.
That's my gem.
That's my fetish I found.
I found, fly me to heaven, Squidward's six cocks.
You're squiggins.
Using this new technology, the only way we can solve this murder
is to use your grandpa as a spirit medium.
Using this crystal orb, we'll be able to see the last thing
he saw with his eyes before his...
Oh my God, is this Squidward from the cartoon SpongeBob SquarePants?
Does he have six?
Does he have six hard cocks?
Can I get a count on these hard cocks?
One, two, three, four, five.
Oh, there's another.
Yeah, six.
What?
Oh no, now this is my thing too.
Oh no, it's like the ring.
It's like the ring.
Oh, Jesus.
It's Squidward's climbing out of the ball.
You know, there are six of you.
Oh God, no.
But you can't, if you're the one who did it though,
you cannot let your family discover what you have done.
Oh no.
So it's gonna be very awkward when your grandpa dies
and the first thing you do is grab his phone
and throw it in the toilet.
Listen, this is all very sad,
but right now I need to throw grandpa's phone in the toilet.
It's like, this goes beyond a history purge.
If there's a chance that a single one of these bits or bytes
remains in the cookie cache.
Did anyone teach you about the cloud?
Please, you have to tell me.
Did anyone teach you about the cloud?
Your grandpa, like he requested,
will now have his ashes scattered at sea.
I'm just gonna chuck his blackberry in there too,
just so he's-
Just to be safe.
Just to be safe, so he can have it in Davy Jones' locker.
Hey, Stevie, I found all these printed off things
in your grandfather's room.
He printed stuff off.
Damn it, old man.
Damn it.
One step ahead of me.
I know he just died, but I don't think I love him anymore.
He flew helicopters in NOM for you, I think.
For somebody.
But look at all these pictures of Squidward's rock hard six days.
That's my dad.
That's my dad did that.
It was my dad.
I don't have a dad anymore.
That's weird.
He's dead to me in so many ways now.
Yeah, I just kind of appeared.
I just kind of like showed up one day as a baby.
No dad, no dad involved.
No dad at all.
That's crazy.
I don't have a dad.
That's gonna do it for us.
Was that too provocative?
I get tweets pretty regularly from people who are like,
I was on the bus and my headphones came on jacked
and then Griffin yelled something about Squidward
from SpongeBob SquarePants' six hard, hard ding dongs.
And now I got fired from the bus because I was driving it.
I think it's fine.
Okay.
I think if you're, I think late in the podcast,
things are usually gonna get the most ribald then.
I also think-
I think you probably know that by now.
I also think people will find it really adorable
that when we tried to come up with the most upsetting thing
one might find on the internet,
the best we could do was like SpongeBob erotica.
And they probably said they're going,
well, that's not, let me send you guys some links.
Please don't send us those links.
Please don't take my innocence away.
Travis, you don't know how internet works.
Cause now we are going to get those links.
So we're done.
We're done.
With the podcast.
I hope you liked it.
We made it for you.
So that's, I mean, that's the hope.
And I wanted to say a quick thank you.
We received a bunch of things in the old PO box
that I mean, like I had to fill the trunk of my car
with gifts.
Hey, bring some of those to Boston, please.
Okay.
No, when you guys come here later on this year,
you can take them with you though.
Yeah, okay.
I'm saving it in a closet.
Erica, it makes her own candles
and she made themed candles for our shows,
which is really cool.
She calls them, this is a cute, fandals.
What's the big gulp one smell like?
Okay.
That's not one of them, but she has a shop on Etsy
called Wick Habit.
And you can check out some of her candles there.
All the ones she sent us smell great.
I'm saving them.
There's a rose buddies one that smells exactly like roses.
It's very uncanny.
But thanks to her.
Thank you to Matthew for sending me some Jimmy Buffett shoes
and thanks to Lynn for filming Jimmy Buffett saying hi to me.
That was very kind of him
and it made my father-in-law proud of me
for the first time in my life.
And also congratulations by the way,
because we won't record again till after this has happened.
Congratulations to Lynn on wrapping up his tenure in Hamilton.
His last performance is July 9th.
So congrats to him and what an accomplishment.
And also Blair sent us Dad Magazine,
which she edited and is a book called Dad Magazine.
So that's pretty great.
Thanks.
I want to say congratulations to you, Justin,
on your 10 year wedding anniversary, which is today.
Yeah.
The day we're recording the podcast.
Thank you so much.
Congratulations dude.
Thank you so much.
July 1st, it's been 10 years.
It's crazy.
I also want to say we're very, very excited.
We've got a guestbook coming up.
Yeah.
And it's been a while since the guestbook.
So just to remind you, we're going to have guests on.
You're going to submit questions specifically for that guest to answer.
That guest is going to be Patrick Rothfuss,
who is one of my favorite authors,
if not my favorite author,
author of the Kingkiller Chronicles.
And that's going to be,
we're recording just a few days after this episode.
So if you've got questions for Patrick Rothfuss.
Advice questions.
Remember, like you need advice from him.
Yeah.
Not just like trivia questions or something.
The next book's coming out.
Please don't fucking ask that.
It's not cool.
Ask about advice.
But yeah, send those in and make sure to put in the subject line
something like, you know, for Patrick Rothfuss.
And speaking of-
Make sure, oh, sorry.
Go ahead, Jeff.
Well, we also have our Boston show coming up.
And so we're going to need questions for that.
So make sure you put Boston live show in the subject line for those.
And just want to remind you to send your favorite fish tracks to
at Travis McElroy on Twitter.
Definitely.
Maybe we want to start with something from like Billy Breeze,
something real accessible like that.
But, you know, it's up to you all, whatever you think.
And Travis will review each track and let you know what he thinks about it.
Yeah.
And-
We're all very excited to hear his book report.
Two things real quick.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure.
Off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Fucking fantastic album.
If you're going on a summer road trip, driving down to the beach,
put that album on.
Good times.
Also, I can't remember if I mentioned this last week,
but I just opened up a PO box here in Austin.
It is PO box 66639, Austin, Texas 78766.
Yeah.
Just want to put that into the ecosystem.
Are we done?
I want to say check out all the other Amazing Maximum Fun shows.
There's lots of new ones to check out.
But I would like to take a second to specifically push two shows.
One, the show that I do with my wife, Schmaners,
that I am a big fan of.
The episode we did on pregnancy is one of my favorite things
I've ever recorded.
And just every week, I'm more and more impressed
with how wonderful my wife is at podcasting.
And also, the recent episode of Still Buffering,
where they had Lin Manuel Miranda on to talk about
like how to do theater in high school and as a teen
and community theater.
And it was wonderful.
They talked a lot about memories that I remember from growing up
in Huntington with the Smurls.
Lin talked about his years.
It's really wonderful.
It's super good.
I highly recommend it.
There are other shows on the Maximum Fun Network
that we are not a part of, though.
Like Getting Curious and Judge John Hodgman
and Jordan Jesse Goh and Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Throwing Shade.
Tons of great shows.
You can find them all at MaximumFun.org.
You can find all the podcasts that we do at McElroyShows.com.
We've been doing this post questions bit
for like 14 minutes now.
Let's kill it.
Let's put it.
Let's put it to bed.
Hit me, Griffin.
Got a final Yahoo is sent in by Aaron Keys again.
Thank you, Aaron Keys.
You deserve a nickname.
Just haven't come up with one yet.
We'll workshop it.
The Keys Master.
I think you described you said keister once.
And yes, I think Aaron tweeted that.
That was not good.
I know that.
That's why I've continued to try to come up.
I think Keys Master.
So I'm sticking with right now.
It's terrible.
OK, here we go.
Joe S. asks,
Does Seattle have culture, class, cuisine, opera,
all the stuff I see in Frasier?
Why are you Justin McElroy?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
