The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. Well me. I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy, and I'm your sweet baby brother
I'm a grown-up man, and I'm Griffin McElroy. Now. Why did you feel the need to specify that you're a grown man?
I just feel like it's sort of my thing this year and as I step into 2023 stepping into my adult power
It is into anytime. I post a picture of us when we were younger
Yeah, we'll talk about how different I look and and how much more mature Justin looks and people are like that
Griffin didn't even age. I'm like guys. He had look at the bags around his eyes
When they released the video for
Montaigne did the video for my life's better with you, and we were all in it
I don't read the comments on stuff, but that was somebody else's video
So I read the comments because I was curious and the one that I read that stuck with me really bad is like they all
Look so old. Yeah
You look old I love a picture you look at me right now
I don't know how my face has done this it does look like I've died my like
Van Dyke around my face, but my cheeks are completely gray, and they just like yeah, I look older shit
I don't know what's happening people are like you look more and more like your dad
I'm like yeah, my dad's old, and I don't know
I love
When people use us as a yardstick for how old they must be getting oh yeah, whoa if the macro is at this old
I must be old and it's like that's a valuable service. I can provide your
Guys, but BuzzFeed has made a cottage industry of that by showing you what what beans from even Stevens looks like today
Let me save you a few hundred clicks. He looks like an adult be
It looks like it's all beans grown adult beans a big adult energy this weekend boys. I went and saw the glass onion
I don't want to talk about that because there's so many spoilers, but it's very good
Why did you fucking mention it then because if it's if you like the first one see ya
There was 22 minutes of trailers and within those trailers boys. There's a trailer for a movie and
It got me pumped now. Don't look up. Don't look up anything about this movie. Okay done. I will tell you
Tell me so
This is a Gerard Butler vehicle. Okay, and he is a commercial some badass flicks
We're like he has to get out of prison and kill the press
he punches so many things in movies even when he's not supposed to and
He is a commercial airline pilot and they're about to take off and then some police show up, and they're like hey
We we're gonna do a prisoner extradition on your airplane
Which I don't I didn't know that was a surprise thing that you could drop on something like oh by the way
Yeah, and he's like what I'm not wild about that and like too bad
You are Butler's not up to you, and he's like what's this dude's deal?
And he's like ah he murdered somebody 15 years ago or whatever and he's like okay, so then they fly through an electrical storm
Yeah, and they end up crash landing in scary jungle part of a country and oh no like a cartel shows up or whatever and takes
All the passengers hostage, and then it's up to Gerard Butler and the escaped convict guy
The two of them have to work together to rescue everybody it's fucking cool travel. They play by their own rules
Yeah, and the name of the movie is plane
That's great, I can't be right yeah
Call plane. It's like if they may is that you've described like Die Hard, and then it's like this movie's called feet
Yep, this movie's building
This one's called Bruce
I'm I'm so excited about this is a new naming convention because I think we've had it before you know sometimes
You're like gladiator. I mean my man my man M night Shyamalan
I would say crush the movie title and game with his I believe his most recent feature film
Which was just called old yeah, and in this one
And that's I guess kind of to tie back into the intro of the podcast welcome to M night Shyamalans old, too
This but it's slower this time. Yeah, it's slow. We age one day for every day. Yeah
So instead of a child walk on a beach turn to a grandpa
It's like a 22 year old becomes a 35 year old over the course of 12 years
I just remember when I worked at a movie theater
I remember watching people come up and these people still to this day befuddle me people who come to the theater
And then stand before the posters and pick out which movie they're going to watch at that moment
And I remember people walking up to the Ewan McGregor film the island and deciding
Impulsively knowing nothing about this film. Yeah, that's what they were in the mood to watch that day. I like his face. Oh, yeah
Yeah, okay, and you escape sounds good. Let's do it and now I think if we can enter into an age of singular
Non-specific nouns. Yeah, it's just like what what's this movie's whole deal. It's mostly about a plane. Yeah, okay
I like planes
We could see plane or we could say boat or elevator
Which I want to watch or old or old back feet for feet
Oh before for with Justin long gotta get there for feet for long feet long feet
Justin long feet. They thought they could break me
They didn't know I was long feet
He ties the bandana around his head. Yeah, it's a short film cool. I saw Justin long one time. Yeah
I did too and we were at that thing
We were at the entertainment weekly thing and man, I wanted to go say hi to Justin long so bad
Yeah, my connection to Justin long is so tenuous. It is like it's too hot. It's two Hodgman's removed
it's like Audrey I know current Hodgman and
Hodgman of today new PC Hodgman and if you knew that Hodgman, that's
The moment I texted Hodgman I said we're in the same room as Justin long and Justin wants to go introduce himself based slowly on
The fact that they're both named Justin and he wrote back. He should do it
Oh
For all you know, that's Justin long's favorite thing in the world is to meet other justice. He's never met another one
Oh, yeah, like he knows about Bieber, but they're fans never met him
Yeah, and if you're wondering why I'm not better connected or more successful
I think you have a pretty succinct wrap-up in that little anecdote
I'm just saying if Travis Barker was at the same place. I was oh would you now Travis? No, maybe Travis Pastrana?
We have no way of knowing which Travis's but those are the only three or the band Travis Justin take us to another segment
We're just well, I'm happy to I was trying to look we were
Recording late, so I'm trying to find other areas. Thanks Trav. Thanks for these questions, buddy
Hey, you're welcome. Travis actually writes all the questions
We don't we haven't gotten an email in our inbox in like two and a half years probably because we don't mention it anymore
The hardest part is thinking of different cities and stuff that people can be from yeah
There's only so many cities and if you use one twice people are gonna be on to the other grift
Before we ask a question. Yeah, and I do want to do this. Yeah the question
Yeah, of course. Can I can we talk about the elf on the shelf for a second?
Yeah, is that like a way of saying like the elephant in the room? No, no, that would be that
TNT
Can I say that we did a face or a
Face time so our kids could play Pokemon together over the weekend
Which was delightful and Henry had never seen elf on the shelf before and when Charlie showed it to him
She was like yeah, he's pretty creepy. So like who's it for Justin?
Yeah, BB asked me if we could do up on the shelf this year and I said no
Alpha the shelf is just designed to horrify you into being good
And she goes, but Charlie has one.
And I was like, well, I can't speak to Justin's mind.
I don't know how it happened.
I think Mary got one first and the kids loved it.
So then we got one.
And the elf on the shelf, if you don't know,
the elf on the shelf is a toy that you buy
and you put him up on, or him,
they got all kinds of different ones, him or her.
Oh, woke culture, am I right?
Okay, so you hide the elf on the shelf
and the elf watches the kids
and then reports back to Santa every night.
Yeah, sure.
If the kids touch the elf, this is so important.
If the kids touch the elf, it loses its magic.
And dies?
And dies.
I mean.
It goes from being a magical fairy tale creature
that can teleport all over your house
and report on you to the government, definitely.
Or a lifeless, a corpse.
I mean, it is what it is.
Yeah, a corpse.
Basically a corpse.
Just like in Toy Story, they die all the time.
Yeah.
Humans are around.
Yeah, sure.
Justin, would you say that elf on the shelf
is the most commercially successful haunted doll
on the market today?
Wow, that's, wow, Trav.
That's a good question.
That's huge, actually.
That's huge for our brand.
But, and also, the other key thing about it is,
after it reports back to Santa,
it returns to a different spot in your house.
Homework.
As a parent, right, or guardian,
you now are the one, you have to.
Or home intruder.
Or home intruder, thank you.
Let me just, I know the kids can't touch this,
let me just zoop.
It's hard enough to keep the whole Santa thing going.
And that's like very ephemeral, right?
It's like, you know, Santa, everybody has a different.
This is like concrete evidence, proof of life.
This is magic that's happening every day.
And if you forget that, what I'm saying is,
I don't know why we had to increase the difficulty
of Santa faith with this like hard, concrete,
like complex mythology.
Because if the bottom falls out from the elf,
it's not a long walk to be like,
okay, so the Santa thing, tooth fairy, all of that stuff.
I don't understand why it had to be that way.
Yesterday, the elf on the shelf,
I had it hanging off a light fixture.
And then right in front of the kids.
You can't see, Justin, but it's so important to note,
he's hanging by his hands.
Important to note, he's hanging by his hands.
It's got Velcro on his hand.
I put Velcro on this thing's hands
so I can make it do all kinds of wild stuff.
Yeah.
So you do, you're complaining for the bit,
but you love it, right?
When I remember it, it's good.
When I don't remember, when it's 530 in the morning,
and I sit up and I'm like, fuck!
Then it's bad.
You just throw them in the washing machine.
Today, I jammed it behind the air fryer.
It took the kids 15 minutes.
That's awesome.
But yesterday, this doll fuckin' falls
right in front of the kids, onto the ground.
So now I'm looking at it like, well, fuck me.
And they're like, you can't touch it.
Like, I know I can't touch it.
And then the cat instantly is like, hell yeah,
I've been wanting to fuck you up for years.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is my day.
I'm gonna own this to you.
This is your day, bud, it's coming.
The cat's about to pounce.
And I'm like, I think, I get some,
I start looking for rubber gloves,
because I feel like I could maybe sell that.
Yeah.
But then Charlie's like, get the tongs.
Like, okay, tongs, that's even better.
So I get tongs and I pick up this.
Like a bird that has been dragged into the house.
Yep.
And I put it face down on a serving tray
up on top of the fridge.
And it's just lying there like,
we'll let her rest there.
It's fine.
I'm sure she'll get her magic back.
I'm sure the tongs were okay.
Last night, as I mentioned,
we forgot to move the elf,
because it was very out of sight, out of mind.
It was lying on top of a serving tray.
And Sydney's like, text me while I'm just out of the shower.
She's like, quick, I've got Charlie distracted.
You've got to move the elf.
Like, okay.
Okay, so I run.
And then I had this really brief moment where I was like,
I don't know what we're teaching our kids with the elf,
but this could be a teachable moment
that gets me having to do the elf forever.
So it's basically just like, that's a tough break, kids.
But that's what life is like sometimes, right?
That's like that sometimes.
So what did you do?
He air fried it.
I stuffed it behind the air fryer.
I stuffed it behind the air fryer.
Didn't use the tongs, used my bare hands.
Well, you broke the magic.
Could you not have sold like,
the elf spirit is still in there.
But if we scale the thing out,
he had, she had like an eight-story fall yesterday
onto her, onto her.
She has a long road to recovery ahead of her.
She's gonna be laid up on the fridge for a while,
which honestly, kids, is a bad behavior pass for you
for as long as they are convalescing.
You can do whatever you want and Clarice can't report.
Well, there's an animated series, it's absolute horseshit.
It's like a 22-minute movie of garbage.
And this one kid's like, I don't believe in this idiot.
He knocks it off a shelf.
And they do even increase the mythology
to now where he has to be flown by other elves
back to the North Pole and get bed rest.
To get resuscitated.
Wow.
It's so heinous.
We got that dog,
because I think somebody, some family member sent us
the dog, elf on a shelf has a dog too.
And it's a St. Bernard with a little keg around its neck,
but the keg contains Christmas cheer.
Sure.
And on Christmas Eve, a beam of light shoots out
of the dog's keg that has a heart on it.
And that goes to the North Pole to make Christmas happen.
Christmas would die.
Christmas would fade from the earth
if we stopped believing in it.
Which is cool, because then on Christmas Eve,
my son stays up to watch his stuffed animal dog
that comes with the book.
And it's like, a beam hasn't come out yet.
I'm pretty worried that Christmas
is not gonna come this year.
And it's like, man, what's the game?
Unless you have some sort of beam laser technology
that you can put inside of your dog dolls,
maybe don't build that into the mythos.
Dad tried to introduce-
But think about how much Hanukkah
could get to shine that year.
Oh wow.
If your house didn't come, Hanukkah would be
in your house, it could finally get center stage.
Dad tried to introduce elf on a shelf into our home
by getting my kids each one Bengals themed.
Oh, we got one of the, holy shit,
we got one of these too.
Thank you, we got it too.
And all I can think is like,
it's already a complicated enough mythos
without introducing, and also they love football.
They love one team, they have a preference.
Mine, the one that dad sent us,
ended up being the elf on the shelf in aisle five
of Goodwill, because that's where he went,
because no thank you, dad.
I don't wanna have to explain that.
Nope, no thank you.
I'm just saying I really pray that there is no magic
in the dolls, because I never remove them
from what must now be their coffins.
Except for me, if the doll is alive,
I've done the most kick-ass job ever hiding it
from my child, he'll never see it.
That's some other family's problem.
Okay, we're not gonna do one of those.
They can touch him all he wants.
I stuck a note on him that says,
this is my cross to bear, you touch this guy, go nuts,
I said.
I just discovered a large spider web in my hotel room.
It's too high to reach it by jumping,
and also I don't like killing spiders.
Would it be crossing some social boundary
to ask the front desk to send someone to kill it for me?
I'm staying here for a whole month,
and I think it's moving closer.
Help, brothers, big bad bug in Blythe.
Listen.
I don't know how spiders run in Blythe.
Like this.
Chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga.
Yeah, they make a fun sound like that.
You shouldn't kill spiders is what I'm supposed to say.
Whoa.
But they can be poisonous and very, very scary,
and we are so much bigger than they are.
It seems like if you would goosh it,
that stuff would come out.
That's my usual boundary for,
okay, you are big enough to deserve
some sort of primal dignity,
and I will usher you outside in a solo cup.
But if they don't goosh out when they explode,
is that even really alive?
Does it have feelings?
Griffin, I've both seen and read Charlotte's web.
They've got feelings.
Well, but Charlotte is big enough.
Charlotte's big enough that if you squished her,
stuff would come out.
So yes, that's a living creature right there,
and we have to respect that.
Look, can I ask you guys a judgment call?
Yeah.
Which of these do you think is more acceptable?
Calling the front desk and asking them to send someone up,
or going down to the front desk and saying like,
hey, there's a spider in my room,
if someone could go take care of that?
Neither one of those is great.
I think the best case scenario,
and the one that sort of gets you off scot-free,
is you call the front desk and say,
hello, it's me again.
I know I've called about a lot of bugs today,
but this one's a doozer.
I have a spider in my room, and that is scary to me.
What happens next, I'm your customer.
You tell me.
I'm scared of the spider in my room.
Yes.
Whatever happens, maybe you do something about it,
maybe you don't, but I'm an active Yelp power user.
I am always ready to burn your shit down.
Okay, I think it can't be the sole focus of the call.
Like if you said like, oh, could I get an extra pillow
and a couple of towels, and while they're in here,
there's a big scary spider, if they have time.
If they have time.
Just get it on a magazine and chuck it in the hallway.
I don't kill spiders, I don't kill a spider.
No, any one of them could create Spider-Man,
and I don't wanna take that away from the world.
May I?
You don't kill spiders, it's bad luck.
I don't extend this courtesy
to all living things, obviously.
If I see a stink bug in my house,
which I do every year for a couple months.
The same one?
No, oh no, certainly not,
because I'll smush those dead.
That makes the stink come out, Justin.
I love the stink.
That means one less stink bug.
I hate these guys, okay?
Wait, hold on, that doesn't,
the worst thing about the stink bug
is the stink they make.
You make the stink come out, and you're like,
ah, now it can't stink.
I'm actually, I'm with Justin on this one.
The worst part of the stink bug is their presence.
Yeah, it's the being a bug in the house.
Now, normally I'll try to chuck them outside,
because the kids don't like it,
but if I see one of the kids around,
they're big, tough guardians, I will send them to hell.
I won't do that for a spider.
Spider, that's part of the fun of spiders.
You gotta get it on a napkin, or a paper towel,
or something, and gotta get it outside.
Before it get on your hand.
If this helps you,
there's five or six other spiders in your room, guaranteed.
Not just one.
If this makes you feel any better,
and it probably shouldn't,
there are probably six or seven,
or eight or nine, or a dozen spiders in your room.
For sure.
That's just the life that you live.
The spider you can see, that's a good one.
Good, I got tabs on that one.
Don't worry about that spider.
He's out there, he's like, are we, is this okay?
I'm here, I know you can see me.
This is fine, right?
That's polite.
That's polite.
The other spiders, oh, they're nasty dogs.
They're everywhere.
They're underneath your bed, they're everywhere.
But the spider you can see, you don't need to kill him.
He's going about his business, he's fine.
Providing a service, as well.
Listen, I don't like them.
Famously, I do not care for spiders.
However, we need them.
They're good, they're good spiders.
They kill the genie mosquitoes.
So just move rooms.
That's the spider's room.
You walked in, somebody was already in that room,
and it's a spider.
You're in the wrong room.
Yeah, it's a spider.
The spider has to admit.
I wouldn't call somebody,
because they might not handle it ethically.
Yeah.
They would probably kill the spider.
They're probably not gonna go through the work
of scooping up the spider and then walking it
to the elevator.
No.
They won't apologize to the spider and say,
I know you were here first, I'm sorry about this.
What you gotta hope for, the best you can hope for,
is that they have one of those old-timey mail shoots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Have an incredible adventure, Jason Schwartzman-voiced spider.
Have a wonderful adventure.
Oh, he would do so good.
It looks like I've got mail.
And then Dunstan just picks him up and fucking eats him.
And then the baby's day out, eats Dunstan.
What a perfect film.
What an amazing, what an amazing idea.
And so culturally relevant.
It's not, but it's like,
what if a monkey got loose in a hotel mail room?
Yeah.
Rights itself, baby.
Sure, yeah.
And also Jason Alexander's there and he's befuddled.
He could not be more confused.
Hey, can we go to the wizard?
Yeah, I'd love that.
I wish we would.
Let's bow our heads in prayer.
This was sent in by Siobhan.
Thank you, Siobhan.
It is written by a bunch of authors, it seems like.
Wow, this one only has a 39% out of 100% of goodness.
So this may not be some of the wizard's best work.
38 co-authors, few too many cooks in the kitchen
on how to trash talk on Xbox Live.
I suppose this would work for PlayStation Live,
Nintendo Live.
No, Sony cronies respond to things differently.
Oh, is that true?
Yeah.
They're built different.
Yeah, built different.
Yeah, they probably don't call themselves Sony cronies
when they talk about how cool they are.
No, we do.
Oh, okay, you've taken that.
They prefer Sony cronies.
Yeah.
Well, it depends on if we're into
the Friendship is Magic universe or not.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is gonna flay the flesh off our bones.
Being good at a game is a sure way to own mad noobs.
Yep.
But if you didn't do so good or you just like to argue,
then trash talking can make the match funnier.
Well, I don't know about funnier.
Step, well, step zero.
Keep your grades up.
If your grades go too bad,
your parents will cancel your Xbox Live account
and then you can kiss Master Chief
on his helmet mouth goodbye.
He's never coming back.
Justin, did you put glasses on?
I was looking at another window in Chrome
and then when I looked back, you had glasses on.
Oh, I think I've always been there.
I think I've always had glasses.
No, these are my blue blockers.
I'm starting to feel a little bit of eye strain set in.
I'm old.
I'm starting to feel a little bit of co-opting
the glasses brand.
Yeah, man.
And the beer brand.
You know that for a while I was the glasses one
and Travis was the beards one and you were the nothing.
You had nothing on your face.
You were the nothing.
You consumed all of Neverending Story.
But now you have both of them.
So now it's glasses, beards guy, glasses, beards guy,
glasses, not Scruff.
Scruff.
Maybe the bad guy is you for not.
Having a beard?
Having a beard?
Okay, well, it looks weird and bad when I do it.
So I guess I didn't get those jeans.
But anyway, just something to think about.
Step one, be brave.
Who cares that you came in last place?
Yeah, trash talking after owning everyone in the room
gives you a clear advantage, but so what?
Brag about your kill death ratio
or point out someone for camping the whole time.
Cool.
Yeah, there you go.
Good work, you fucking scrubs.
No one's ever said kill death ratio
and you're not allowed to say that.
Yeah, you're not allowed to spell the whole thing out.
Nice work capturing the flag, you fucking idiots.
Yeah, you died 100 times.
You lost 15 points.
Like, yeah, I know, but you died a couple times too, idiot.
In the history of video games,
the best trash talking comes from a place of whining, right?
Of like, well, my controller's glitched.
You were using the turbo button.
I said no odd job.
That kind of thing.
My parents were yelling like so loud.
So loud I couldn't hear the sound of the gun
going bang, bang, bang.
The ratatouille that was piloting me
wasn't very good at this match.
Yeah, a lot of things.
I think this article also submits in
that most good online trash talking
comes from a place of real courage.
Be brave, who cares?
Don't be too loud.
Just because you want to tell someone how much they suck
doesn't mean you have to hog the sound waves.
That's a really powerful term for people in our profession.
Is this what Alien did this?
What is, who wrote this?
There's only so many sound waves
that the human ear can detect at any time.
That's the secret of music mixing,
mastering, production, all that stuff.
Don't use too much.
So you don't want to use too many of them
just by being like, you died twice, bleh!
And then making that long, sustained sort of
sick noise. You ever wonder
why we stopped at eight track?
That's it. That's all the tracks we got.
I would go one step further and say
if you really want to fuck with someone,
trash talking ASMR.
I think that would really fuck.
Oh, that's good.
I just want to let you know, psst, psst, psst,
that you're kind of a fucking noob.
And I'm just going to squat on your face
and squat and squat and squat and squat.
Fucked your dad.
And this is-
Griffin, I don't think he's ever watched an ASMR video.
He thinks it's Jimmy Stewart insulting-
Oh, well, I fucked your dad.
I'm going to cut your hair on this side.
That's the worst-
Master Chief is my best friend.
That was, that was among the worst Jimmy Stewart impressions
that have been done.
Don't hog the sound waves.
Let other people make their lame comeback
so you can spike it at them showing your true ownage.
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
Fuck yeah.
Point out someone.
If someone sat around and camped the whole time,
say something.
Most people, other people,
most likely other people are going to back you up
if they were really doing something wrong.
So this is an interesting form of trash talk.
Try to like,
hey, I know you're tempted to trash talk me,
but let's talk about Dylan.
Yeah.
You're a scrub and an idiot and I fucked your dad,
but I'm going to take a sort of moral position here.
Mom?
Say that,
say that Charter was kicking it behind his bush
this whole time.
He stayed in one place for like big portions of the game.
It's capture the flag.
Yeah, but he was, well, I don't know what you mean.
Well, he was just in the zones.
He had to capture the zones and then defend the zones.
Yeah, but he wasn't like running around like I was.
You died 700 times.
So do it for the laughs.
You could invent other jobs that you were doing
while they were doing the fighting
because the military is not just the shooting people.
That's interesting.
You could be like, I had KP.
I had to kill potatoes.
I couldn't help you today.
My KP ratio is off the charts.
If the commercials for army and Navy
and Marines recruitment have taught me anything,
the jobs in military are shooting ones, drones ones,
which they make seem like flying like a cool hobby plane,
which I appreciate.
And then the other one is you can build bridges
because they need bridges for industry
and for us to get those cool big drones up somewhere
to a takeoff pad.
I think there's also a job where like four people
look at a radar and then point at a bigger radar.
That's us.
That's us.
Don't get confused.
Now look, it's up there now.
I moved it up to the big screen.
Pretty cool, huh?
Where's our dot finder?
Right here, sir.
This is us right here.
That's us.
I'm gonna put a little arrow there so we don't forget.
Blow up every other dot.
Oh no.
Do it for the laughs.
As much as you wanna dominate someone,
make it funny because everyone likes
that one hilarious kid in the lobby.
That's true.
Everyone really likes when a bunch of ones are fighting
for that incredible honor is the best part
because then it's like I'm on Last Comic Standing
every day, every time I play COD and Halo
with my best friends.
Don't be obnoxious.
Don't be-
Sorry?
Don't be agnostic.
Don't be agnostic.
Christ is gonna get you there or he won't.
But don't fall in the middle.
Make a fucking choice.
You gotta decide.
If you're alone-
If there's one thing game lobbies love,
it's strong religious beliefs.
One way or the other.
One way or the other.
Either God's gonna help you get the Battle Royale
and take the crown in this big Fortnite match
or we're all alone and it's you
and it all comes down to you.
And one of those two extremes is the way you gotta go.
Avoid being obnoxious.
Don't whine and be annoying
because chances are you're the one
that's gonna get dominated.
This article's all over the fucking place, man.
This is what happens when you have like 28 different authors.
There's one author who's like, be obnoxious.
It's like, all right, no, don't, hey,
don't listen to what he said.
Don't actually listen to that one.
Make friends.
You don't have to friend request them,
but making some lobby friends is always good,
especially if a lobby fight breaks out.
You want them to have your back.
Lobby fight!
Oh shit, why is your collarbone broken?
Yeah, man, you know how it is, lobby fight.
Lobby fight.
Not friends on there.
I don't friend people.
It's serendipity.
I let them go.
I blow, I say, thanks for the teamwork.
Send them back into the breeze
if our paths cross again, it was meant to be.
What about, hey, guys, what about instead of trash talk,
we focus on some treasure talk and just say like,
hey, everybody did really good this match
and I appreciate it.
I've never gotten a compliment
while playing an online video game.
That would be huge for me.
Yes, I have also experienced that, Justin, as well.
Nice, nice kill, J, man.
But you want to hear the most effect,
I've only been affected by trash talk
once in my entire illustrious gaming career.
I was playing Gears of War online
and in Gears of War, to finish, this is gross.
This is yucky stuff, guys.
That iteration of it, you had to stomp on the enemy's head
to finish the fight.
They'd be downed, but then it's like in Fortnite,
somebody gets downed like this,
except you run over to them and have to smash their head.
But whoever smashes the head gets credit for the kill.
So this guy next to me, he shoots someone really dead,
but he doesn't run over as fast as I do
because I was close to the bite.
So I run over there and I squish his head.
And this guy says to me in the most disappointed
parent voice possible, you have to get your own kills, man.
Oh, no. Devastating.
And man, I did feel like trash.
That was some good trash talk.
I remember it 10 years later.
Yeah, man.
I felt like trash.
Wow.
It was, it was-
Did you leave?
Did you just turn, did you turn the Xbox off immediately?
I don't think I could have hung in the rest of the match.
I don't think I kept playing.
Like, I was like so, I think I probably shut it off.
But like, I remember that.
That's trash talk.
I mean, that's like-
Yeah.
That works out, that's deep.
That's going deep for trash talk
that I will still recount 10 years later.
Know when it's appropriate.
If no one is talking when you enter a lobby,
it's probably not a good idea to trash talk, okay?
It's my experience.
Someone's gotta start it.
Yeah, be careful what you say.
There are people who report trash talkers
if you use overly swear-filled language.
So trash talk all you want.
Just lay off the F bombs.
Yeah, use like really archaic-
I don't think that's, I don't think that's true.
I don't think they're policing that.
I don't.
I do not believe that fucking Master Chief
is like listening in like, he said fuck once.
That one is okay.
It's PG-13 rules.
That's PG-13 rules.
They can show all booth.
Be funny.
You don't have to trash on other people.
Didn't they already say be funny?
In most cases, you will find that the subject matter
is far away from video games.
In general, just don't talk about racist
or controversial subjects unless you are
in that sort of company.
Wow.
Hey, WikiHow.
Wow.
WikiHow.
WikiHow.
Holy shit, guys.
Read the room for bigotry
and then dive right in.
Listen, man, if everyone's being racist,
if everyone's having a racist old time,
you don't want to stand out as the not racist in the room.
Holy shit.
WikiHow.
WikiHow.
They will single you out for your unwillingness
to participate in the bigotry.
Do you think that this article
or this subsection of the article
will still be active by the next time we record?
Or will one of the 38 original authors be like,
I do not want my username on this one.
Boop.
Oh, boy.
One Q&A, why is my friend acting
like she does not want to be my friend anymore?
That is not your main to the subject.
What you did has certainly had nothing to do
with this article.
You fucked up IRL.
These are clinically proven ways to just have a funny time
on a Xbox Live platform.
And what's wrong with that?
A lot.
Yeah.
Ha ha!
It's better, it's better with you.
Hey, do you have an exciting idea for a website?
An idea that you want to share with your brothers
but then they make you wait on that idea
until after the break?
And you're so excited to share it
and then they're like, well, we gotta go make money first
so you have to wait.
Well, you don't have, I'd love to hear your idea
because I did promise that I'd listen to it,
but first, can I take just one more second
just to tell you about Squarespace first?
Completely underwired as note,
Squarespace is a website creation tool
and it's so much more than that,
but really you can use Squarespace
and all their incredible resources to make a website
even if you don't know anything about making a website.
And you know, like Travis, for example,
he's got this great idea he's gonna share with us soon.
You know my idea is so much as it's just like
a reinvigoration of our brand maybe.
And we'll get there, we'll get there for sure.
We'll get there, we'll get there, we'll get there,
but you know, it's not gonna take long
to make this website, Travis,
so you don't even need to worry about it
because they've got all these incredible templates
that are created by the best designers in the biz.
You pull these in and-
Did they get, wait, they got Jerry website?
They got Jerry website, the man for whom-
This dude definitely knows how to cyber.
Yeah.
And you can sell products.
Okay.
You can sell products with the Squarespace website
and they've got blogging tools.
You can share your photos, videos, recommendations.
Like it is a very powerful tool.
I've used it to make websites and now you can too,
even if you like me haven't edited since the WYSIWYG days.
Can I use it to share my Grinch fan art?
Is that your website idea?
It actually says, I'm looking at the Squarespace
terms of conditions and it says here that's forbidden,
only from Travis.
But it's only implied erotica.
Yeah, no, they said they hate it.
They said they hate it in the terms of condition.
They went explicit?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know if I could do that
to my hero of the Grinch.
Check out squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use offer code my brother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Sometimes we cross the finish line of an advertisement
and one of us is just sort of dragging the like
sort of whole riddled sack of the ad copy behind us
as it sort of just tumbles out the back.
Well, it's just like, imagine if you were watching
like a relay race and between like racer three and four
instead of a baton, they just handed them a dildo
and then they were like, oh, okay.
They just had to carry that across the finish line.
This is what they gave me, man, I don't know.
The grocery bags are torn and I'm just picking
the cans of peas up from the parking lot.
Yeah, and Justin's like, Justin's like,
don't worry guys, I got it.
And me and Travis are just leg wrestling in the grass.
You probably already have a favorite animal.
Maybe it's a powerful apex predator like the tiger
or a cute and cuddly panda.
And those are great, but have you considered something
a little more unconventional?
Could I perhaps interest you in the Greenland shark,
which can live for nearly 400 years
or maybe the jewel wasp who performs brain surgery
on cockroaches to control their minds.
On Just the Zoo of Us, we review animals
by giving them ratings out of 10
in the categories of effectiveness, ingenuity
and aesthetics.
Listen with friends and family of all ages
to find your new favorite animal with Just the Zoo of Us
on maximumfun.org or wherever you get podcasts.
Hello, I'm a stuffy Dowager Countess.
Travis?
I'm judging everybody's manners.
Oh no.
Schmaners isn't judgy, it's about teaching you
to be your best self and be a little more confident
when you enter social situations that you don't understand
and maybe also teach you a little bit about history
you didn't know or give you interesting things
to talk about at parties.
Yeah, like the secret life of Emily Post.
Or like why wristwatches are the way that they are.
We can talk about table manners from the Victorian era.
Sure, or what it's like to attend a Regency ball.
Yeah.
You can find all that and more
if you listen to Schmaners on Maximum Fun
or wherever your podcasts come from, I guess.
Manner Schmaners, get it?
Now, Travis, I believe that before we were so rudely
interrupted by this capitalist hellscape,
which we are in prison,
that you were about to play along at home.
I was about to play along at home,
but what I've done, and I worked really hard on that,
I took some time away from my family
during the holiday season.
Have you polished up this bit?
I love a lot of your bits, I can admit now,
because of lots of therapy.
Thank you.
But this one, I still don't know if it's there yet.
I have-
I think what's so energizing about this show-
I have two sets of questions.
We're able to workshop things as we do them.
I have two sets of questions.
Okay.
One set of questions is about Disneyland
or Disney theme parks.
Right.
One set of questions is about Pokemon.
We've done-
Griffin-
I think we've done this exactly-
Yes, I know, but this time I've carefully balanced it.
I've gone through, I focus tested these
to make sure they were balanced.
Griffin, I'll be asking you the Disney questions.
Justin, I'll be asking you the Pokemon questions.
We should call this the chuckle lab.
Okay, you ready?
When Travis has a bit, we'll call it the chuckle lab
and it's the experiment and we're all in it.
You're in it if you're listening.
We're all in it.
We're all scientists.
Griffin, in 2006, Disney regained the rights
to Oswald the Lucky Rabbit by trading NBC what?
One of the Huey, Dewey, Louie duck nephews.
No, I'm sorry.
They used to be Huey, Dewey, and Greg.
Yeah, got rid of him, checked him out
because he didn't rhyme.
It was the services of sports commentator, Owl Michaels.
Okay, that's wild.
That's really cool that they were able to do that.
Yes.
Who is that good for?
Who's ego does that boost?
I have to know.
Cause like on the one hand, it seems like, wow,
that's to trade a whole IP just for this one guy.
But then from Owl Michael's perspective, it's like,
I'm who?
I'm equal to what now?
Apparently Bob Iger-
I'm moving my beautiful family.
I'm moving my beautiful wife and three children
to Santa Clara, California, across the country.
So you could have Oswald the Lucky Rabbit
and put him in Epic Mickey?
Apparently the dude from ESPN, when they wanted Owl Michael,
called and it was like, hey, it's me from ABC.
We would like, Owl Michael's his contacts going.
And Bob Iger was like, cool, you got it.
But we want Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
And the dude from ESPN was like, who is that?
And Bob Iger said, time for you to do some research.
Awesome.
They probably could have just done it
and no one would have been like, hey, do we own that?
Justin, in the original Pokemon game,
the three-
Can I see the other ones?
The three starters to choose from were Trimander,
Bulbasaur, and what squirting turtle?
Fuck off Travis.
Squirtle.
Okay, that's one for Justin.
That's dog shit.
Okay, Griffin, Disney parks have been home
to a lot of famous rides.
These rides include Space Mountain, Haunted Mansion,
and a swashbuckling dark ride.
What was the name of the miniature railroad
in Walt Disney's backyard?
The Zephyr.
No, I'm sorry, it was Carrollwood Pacific Railroad.
He had a miniature railroad in his backyard.
Okay.
You think we're gonna be able to ride the train
at Disney World again soon?
It feels like it's coming up.
They finished the tunnel through Tron.
Justin, in the animated series, Pokemon trainer Ash Ketchum
was accompanied by his buddy Pikachu.
What was Pikachu's catchphrase on the show?
Pika P?
We'll accept that.
It was Pikachu, but we'll take it.
Yeah, okay.
I think that this sucks.
I think it sucks for a lot of reasons.
Griffin, arguably the most creative Disney Imagineer,
visionary Tony Baxter was born on what day?
Christmas.
No, I'm sorry, he was February 1st, 1947.
He had a hand in the creation of Star Tours,
Big Thunder Mountain.
Really Griffin?
The journey into imagination and many others,
including what would have been a Jules Verne themed land
called Discovery Land or Discovery Bay.
That's interesting, that's interesting.
Justin, name a Pokemon.
God.
You can do this.
Mr. Mime?
We'll accept that, yes, Mr. Mime.
That's three for three, Justin.
You kicked Griffin's ass.
Woo!
You don't have any more for me?
Because I feel like now I'm all out.
Justin, you sure know a lot about Pokemon.
I feel like I'm kind of a renaissance dude.
Like I know Pokemon and Disney, you know what I mean?
Griffin, you don't know shit.
That's like unnecessarily cruel.
I was trying to trash talk.
Here's the thing, here's the thing what sucks.
That Justin's questions were a lot easier than mine.
No, I worked very carefully to balance them out.
They were objectively much easier.
And last time we did it,
I feel like my questions were easier
and Justin's was harder.
And I'm wondering if maybe we need a fourth party
who can step in and do a little game balance
before the next time we do the segment.
Well, we don't have a fourth brother.
So I don't know how that would work.
Yeah, no, but dad just did just text us literally
this exact moment.
Does anybody want to learn Yooker?
I already fucking know Yooker.
We all already know Yooker, but regardless,
I think dad's our fourth brother.
Just from the text messages.
Sometimes we get texts from Dan
and it feels like we haven't spoken to him in six years.
No, okay, he is referencing the fact
that we were chatting about Marvel Snap.
It was a good goof.
Oh yeah, that is a great goof.
We're talking about Marvel Snap in that chat.
I'm actually quite good at Yooker already, fuck.
Dad plays a lot of Marvel Snap, y'all.
Travis plays a lot, dad plays a lot.
I play just a regular amount.
And I go on card dates with the babes.
Whoa, that's a big thing to admit,
you're philandering and you're cheating on your wife.
Oh babe, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
No, not me.
They're gonna find out about my babe-based card dates.
Griffin, turn off your camera.
Okay, okay.
And be quiet.
Hey guys, it's Justin and Travis
from the McElroy brothers.
God, I never thought we'd have to do this one.
It's so hard.
As you know, No Dude Wife guy, Griffin McElroy,
and our former brother has been,
Trav, how would you say it, I mean?
Revealed, has been unmasked.
Unmasked, unmasked.
God.
It's a real piece of shit.
He's been going on card dates with babes.
With babes, multiple babes.
Multiple babes.
Multiple card dates.
Probably multiple cards.
Oh, he's on one right now.
He's on right.
Hey guys, I just got, hold on guys.
I just drove my car into my third story window
and parked it.
Were you talking something about me?
I'm just doing normal shit.
Grocery store shit.
Griffin, Griffin, you still have a whole card date
with babe vibe around you.
I'm not on a card date with six babes right now.
Stop it.
Hey, it's multiple babes at the same time, Griffin?
That's not even fair to the babes.
Do they know about each other?
Even this bit makes me hugely,
deeply uncomfortable, hugely.
Take the glasses off.
Yeah, you did a costume change for this bit.
He did a costume change.
I mean, it's a great, don't get me wrong, man.
I don't regret the bit,
because I think it's pretty-
You look like Blue Beetle from DC Comics.
I think it's pretty funny.
I thought it was a pretty, post-game,
I thought it was a pretty funny bit.
It made me feel deeply uncomfortable while doing it.
You're still wearing the sunglasses.
They're prescriptions, so they're fine.
It's fine.
Hey.
I wanna munch.
Squad.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Welcome to Munch Squad,
Podcast within podcast,
profiling latest, greatest brand eating
at two, two, two, two scoops of news for you today.
One is KFC is giving the gift of $5 famous bowls
and limited edition holiday buckets.
Sorry, Starbucks, but the Colonel has his own thing.
It's chicken time for the holiday season.
KFC is debuting, I always get confused about it.
Debuting?
Debuting.
Debuting.
Debuting.
New bargains and buckets
to make it easier to enjoy all of your celebrations.
Whether you're looking to sneak away
for a quick bite to fuel your holiday shopping.
Hell yeah.
Sneak away from your family?
Is that what you mean?
You need a whole bucket of KFC.
You need a whole bucket of KFC.
They say sneak away from your family.
For a bucket of chicken.
To eat a bucket of chicken by yourself in private.
Yeah.
Just silent nodding to the other patrons like,
yeah, me too, buddy.
Yeah, I think that there was another box of decorations
in the garage and I missed it.
I gotta go look.
What are you talking about?
It's December 22nd.
I gotta just, I'll be back in about 15 minutes.
Hey, when I drove the kids to school this morning,
it smelled like, and there was a big empty bucket
of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Did you maybe eat a whole one of those
while sitting idling in the car
in the Target parking lot yesterday?
Raccoon must've gotten in the car again.
Raccoons, damn, they bring chicken into cars
and eat it and leave it.
Three-time Grammy-nominated rap superstar Jack Harlow
teams up with acclaimed comedian and entrepreneur Drewski
to promote the $5 deal.
Okay.
Based on a childhood memory of being in his dad's truck
and picking up a KFC in the drive-through,
the press release says picking up a KFC in the drive-through.
So I don't, he's got some serious towing capacity.
It's gotta be a Ram 1500, maybe even a 25.
It's got a Hemi.
This one's got a Hemi.
Picking up KFC in the drive-through,
Harlow's nostalgia for the famous bowl
transports him to an animated world of memories
of enjoying the iconic bowl.
How old is Jack Harlow?
Is this the, this is what I'm,
this kind of threw me, right?
Because has the famous bowl been a goof for long enough
that it went around?
Okay, Jack Harlow is only 24 years old.
So I can believe that he has nostalgia,
but how do you have nostalgia
for a thing that still exists?
I'm confused about that.
And is gross.
Also that.
Bigger question.
I just wanna point out,
Young Gravy is older than Jack Harlow.
So a little bit of mislabeling, more like Old Gravy.
My favorite part of the famous bowl
is the thick and gelatinous layer of Young Gravy.
Exactly.
Sprinkle on top of it.
Let's see if there's anything.
They have a new sharing is caring themed holiday bucket.
Here's the quote.
The holidays in KFC go hand in hand.
There's no better way to satisfy a craving
for comfort and connection
than by sharing a bucket of KFC
with family and friends.
There's no better way.
That's it.
Pinnacle.
Our holiday bucket with free cookies
and $5 famous bowls are two gifts
that are sure to feed the joyful moments
that surrounds this season.
The other thing I wanted to mention to you guys,
as long as I have you here,
if I could borrow a moment,
one more moment of your time is Panera Bakery Shakes.
And I'm gonna hold off on showing you the picture of these
because the picture is really important here
and maybe we'll upload it somewhere, certainly.
Or we won't.
They could see a national rollout in 2023
and the chain began to test them in Texas.
They're leveraging, Panera is leveraging core bakery items
and transforming its existing offerings
to capture younger audiences, drive visitation
and strengthen attachment across day parts.
Yeah, for sure.
Says the robot currently running Panera Bread.
Day parts?
On November 16th, Panera launched a test
in its Texas market of its first bakery shakes.
And then it says in parenthetical,
think frozen blended shakes.
Yeah.
That was.
Yeah, man, like a shake, like a shakery,
be a better name.
Panera may roll out this beverage item nationwide
during the warmer months of 2023.
This new frozen blended beverage platform
is the latest example of Panera expanding
into new menu offerings
after launching grain bowls in 2019
and flatbread pizzas in 2020.
And then I guess taking three years off
to pat themselves on the back
for how good things are going at Panera.
Now, this is the actual reason
I wanted to draw your attention here.
And let me see if I can.
Yeah, here we go.
I'm gonna zoom this in a little bit
so you have a better view.
So, huh.
So look at this for a second, guys.
Oh, it's a bit.
What you see, no, it's not a.
Well, but I mean, it's a bit.
Like when you go, like, you remember that time
we went to Junior's Cheesecake Place in New York
and it was like, this is a New York style milkshake.
And it had, much like the one on the right there,
a whole hunk of cheesecake on top.
But, yeah, but.
So if you're not looking at these right now,
it's a chocolate milkshake,
like a blended cookie milkshake, a strawberry milkshake.
Then stacked on top of the chocolate one
is two brownies with whipped cream.
And then there's another one that's two cookies
with pretzels in between them with whipped cream.
And then there's a third one that's strawberry.
But these are created.
Strawberry and cheesecake.
Strawberry cheesecake.
These are entirely created in Photoshop.
Look at the strawberry one.
There is a strawberry balancing
on top of another strawberry.
They've never done this.
They've never constructed one of these ever.
Now, Justin.
They have not made these.
Never.
This is a joke.
They have not made them.
Is it clear in the press release
whether or not the drinks actually come balanced
with these things on top?
Or is this just a representation?
You know what's so confusing to me, Trav?
If it's a representation,
then this art is like hugely misleading.
I mean, the art is not meant to say like, it's like this.
It's meant to say this will come on top of it.
For sure.
But it is also so clumsy and precarious
that this can't be it.
Also Photoshopped on here,
the Panera Bread labels on the cup.
About to point that out.
You guys didn't have those?
Yeah.
Andy?
I am scared to think of what any of these would look like.
What is going to slide across the counter to me
when I order one of these for me and each of my children is-
So you want me to moosh the cookies right in there?
You want me to moosh?
I know.
Careful.
Here's your drinks.
Oop, all six cookies fell down.
Like, yeah, man.
For sure.
Sometimes when we moosh them in there,
the drink tends to slurp right onto the counter
and the whole drink slurps out.
It's just messy cookies.
And then I got fired.
It's easier this way.
Take the milkshake in this hand
and hold out the other hand.
I'm just going to put the whole slice of cheesecake
right in there, pal.
Have fun.
Squish them together at the table
like you're making a guacamole.
It'll be $13.
Thank you.
This is good though.
Thanks, Panera.
You're always keeping it real.
Keeping it real.
We got time for another question or what's up?
Yeah, let's do it.
All right.
My friend just became a high school theater teacher
and we just went to the place
she directed with her students.
It was good.
And I told her I liked it,
but I feel like she was looking for more feedback,
but I still don't really know what the director does.
Even after she's explained it multiple times.
I know some of it is managing the kids.
So the best compliment I could come up with was
it seems like everyone was doing
what they were supposed to be doing.
Great.
What does a high school play director do
and how do I compliment them?
Okay, so hearing it.
Can I say as somebody who has directed multiple plays
with kids in it, you're not entirely wrong.
You're very close actually.
Have we all directed plays with children in them?
No.
Why would I ever?
Why would I ever?
I forgot Griffin hates the theater.
I would say that there's an equal chance
that they want a compliment, sure.
But also a chance to complain about the entire process
with another adult.
They want a chance to justify the failings
and blame it on the children.
I think you would actually be better served
if you could pick out who was the real stinker of there
and just be like, but can we talk about
newsy number three or whatever?
Cause that kid was fucking phoning it.
Guarantee they'd be like, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
The worst, worst kid.
A bad adult, I will ghost that far.
They will be a bad adult when they get older.
They're the worst.
That I think is like, hey, it seems like everyone was doing
what they're supposed to be doing.
Kids were having fun up there.
The story made sense.
That's a triumph when you have children delivering lines.
All good.
But a chance to be like, did you see her pirouette
in the second act?
That was the best I could get out of her.
I know.
Why would a director be in charge of that?
Because it's a high school production Griffin
and not fucking Broadway.
You don't think they have a choreographer?
Well, it might end up being like our high school productions
where there was like five different adults
all claiming to be equal parts in charge.
Which made for some real solid continuity
to the entire show.
Man, every children's theater show we ever did
felt pretty strict in terms of you can't just make shit up
and change the play whenever you want.
But all the high school shows we did were like,
have fucking fun, man.
I was just thinking about the other day,
our high school put on a production of Great Expectations
and the director, who I will not name,
the director of the show thought it would be a badass idea
if the main character of Great Expectations
after the show ends, and I think there's like a fire
and maybe the old lady dies, Miss Havisham, I don't know,
but thought it'd be badass
if before the main character walked off the stage,
before curtains drew,
looked at the audience and went, great expectations.
Just like toss that shit right there on the end.
In that way, great expectations.
Just like they do it in the book, though.
Have you read the book?
Well, because at first, the expectations, they're great.
And your expectations, they go down.
Realize in the middle of saying the title of the play
that you are now sad because of the events that unfolded.
That's a kick-ass note.
Thanks, director.
And that's double cool
because that director had that idea and then stuck to it.
And it's like, they heard the kid say it that way
and went, yes, control S, save.
To his credit, that the guy who was playing that role
didn't deliver that, did deliver the line
more in a mumbly way and every night got the same note
of like, hey, you're doing great
and it's a heavy load that you carry up there,
but do remember at the end,
that light is supposed to be delivered.
Great expectations.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Trav, what's all the stuff we gotta tell people?
Oh, thank you so much for asking, Justin.
Well, first and foremost,
we've got our Candle Nights live show.
It's virtual once more this year.
So you're gonna wanna get tickets for that.
What are you waiting for?
It's December 17th at 9 p.m. Eastern time.
Tickets go on sale.
They're on sale now, bit.ly slash Candle Nights
two zero two two Candle Nights 2022.
We got a lot of great guests
and all proceeds from that show
go to Benefit Harmony House,
a shelter in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia,
helping people experiencing homelessness.
We've got our Shrimp Angel Ornament,
our Bureau of Balanced Metal Ornaments
and the Candle Nights with a K ornament
designed by Bree Poulsen.
Proceeds from that ornament also go to Harmony House
and 10% of all merch proceeds from December
go to Harmony House.
So make sure you check all that out at macroemerge.com.
We also have some tour dates coming up in April
for the shows we had to reschedule
in San Jose and Denver.
April 27th, we're gonna be in San Jose
doing TAZ with Aabria Iyengar.
The day after, we're gonna stay in San Jose
and do my bim bam.
And then April 29th, we're gonna be in Denver
doing my bim bam.
All existing tickets will be honored for the new dates,
but you can still go get tickets at bit.ly slash McElroy Tours.
Correct.
That felt good.
It felt right.
Mask and proof of full vaccination
or negative COVID test within 72 hours of event start
will be required.
Did I already say that?
I don't remember, but now I've done and said it twice,
if so.
Thanks to Montaigne for the Use of Our Theme Song.
My life is better with you.
It's a jammer and a slammer,
and you should get the album making it
because it's one of my favorites of the whole dang year.
And also, the Adventure Zone graphic novel,
11th Hour, comes out February 21st, 2023.
Go to theadventurezonecomic.com to pre-order.
Listen, that was a lot of stuff.
It is a lot of stuff.
I think, who is it gonna be this time?
We gotta come up with something.
Yeah, I think Justin,
I feel like Justin has something important
to say to the audience.
It felt like it.
That was mine.
We gotta come up with something?
Gotta come up with something.
Is that a sort of general, like for everyone?
Just everybody like, we gotta come up with something.
So just like a general blue sky opportunity for humanity
to come up with something.
We gotta come up with something.
Yeah.
What does that mean to you?
That's the power of it, right?
It can mean anything.
No, it means probably one of two things.
I don't think there's that many interpretations
of what you just said.
Yeah, okay.
Agree to disagree.
My name is Justin McElroy.
My name is Travis McElroy.
My name is Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me,
and we gotta come up with something.
Hey, get your dad's gargoyles.
It's better with you.
Is it true?
It's better.
It's better with you.
My life.
My life is better with you.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artists owned.
Audience supported.
