The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, the podcast.
My name is Justin McElroy. Ring, ring, ring, ring. Sorry, let me get that. Yes, hello. Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. I would love to, Marty, but I'm busy recording a podcast. Yeah? Okay. Okay. Sorry.
This is your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. And this is your baby brother,
Griffin McElroy. Hey, guys, what are we doing here? What? What is this? Oh, sorry. I just got
a call from Marty Scorsese. Do you know? Oh, Marty. Do you know his work? He was just calling.
He wants to direct a gritty, like McElroy Brothers-based movie with a lot of intrigue
and betrayal. A lot of drug use. I was confused because me and legendary director Martin Scorsese,
and over my hours of hanging out with him, I did learn the proper right way to say his name.
I just call him El Scorcho. Thank you for correcting that pronunciation,
because suddenly that makes so much more sense as to why when you're ribbing him about some of his
badder movies, why you call him Martin Scorcheasy. It makes so much more sense to me now. Thank you.
Yeah. So me and Scor- I had Scorcho on the phone the other day. He's like,
Departed 2, are you in? And I was like, what's it all about? He's like, get this, Martin Sheen,
he's back. He's super dyed in the- Yeah, no, he's back. And this time, you're his little brother.
I don't even understand how chronologically, don't doubt the Scorch, he said to me, yelled it even.
Ring, ring, ring, ring. Hello? Jerry. Okay. Yeah, it's J-Man.
Yeah. These pretzels are making me thirsty. Okay. Great. Yeah. Yeah, just send him on over. Bye.
Who was that, Justin? So that was Jerry Seinfeld. He watched the first episode of our TV show,
and he is actually sending me all his Emmys in shame, he said. Oh, wow. He's embarrassed of his
TV show, and he doesn't want the Emmys anymore, and he's sending them to me. That is both nice
and humble of him. That's really sweet of him. He doesn't deserve them. He saw our comedy show,
and he says, oh, that's how you do it. I don't deserve all these. I don't deserve all these
Emmys. I'm going to give them back. Oh, hey, hold on one second. Oh, wow, a real phone ringtone.
Hold on. Hello? Hey, Joe. How's it going? Do you want to... Oh, today? I'm a little bit...
We could do lunch today. Pasta... You want to go to Pasta Garden?
I think it's Olive Garden. The name of the restaurant is Olive Garden, not Pasta Garden.
There's not a restaurant called Pasta Garden in Austin. That would be crazy if there's a
restaurant called Pasta Garden. You get that, right? It's Olive Garden. Okay, fine. I'll meet
you at the Pasta Garden. 1230? Fine. Okay, bye. That was Joe Pantaleano. He's in Austin,
and he was insistent the restaurant was called Pasta Garden. I didn't know what to tell him.
Jelly Pants.
Griffin, I'm sorry. That was so rude of me. I left the sound on, but I actually got a text
in the middle of that call from the Oscars committee, and they said that they were
retroactively giving me Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscar. They were going to take it away from him
for his Bear movie, and they're going to give it to me now so he still doesn't have an Oscar
anymore. The Bear Challenger, I believe was the title of it. From Bear Man. The Bear Man movie.
From Leo's ill-fated gritty Yogi Bear reboot.
I love fame. It's so good. Let's just say it. I love this stuff, man.
I can't get enough. I wish we weren't still under contract to do a thousand podcast episodes,
or I would just quit doing this show and focus on being famous all the time.
I mean, this podcast has been, I think, about as successful as the medium can get. Has it ever
secured me one ticket to paradise, by which I mean a 1230 lunch reservation at Pasta Garden with my
good friend Joe Pantaleano? No. Only television got me there. Only television got me across that
beautiful finish line.
There's just so much power that comes from being on a streaming internet comedy show.
You know what I mean? You don't get that from podcasts. You got to get on the old media,
like streaming internet comedy.
Has it changed things, though?
Has it changed things? That's what everybody's wanting to know.
That's a problem.
I'm recording this laying down on my polar bear skin rug, but I've always done that,
so that's not new.
It's like when Michael Jordan was playing basketball, wherever he did it before,
he did it, and then he did it, and people were like, whoa, and he was like, things have changed.
You know what I mean? He was the best basketball player, and as soon as people were crazy about
number 23, he was just like, things have changed for me, I think.
That's actually what most people-
Oh, shit.
Sorry, guys. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Hold on. MJ.
Oh, it's actually him.
Oh, yeah, dial him in. MJ. Hey. You want me to take... Oh, so I would be 23.
Oh, wow.
Okay, and the... Wow.
It's the call, Travis.
And, okay, so I'll be 23, and you're just going to give me all of your basketballs.
Oh, okay. I mean, just from the one episode, don't you want to wait to see the rest of the...
Okay. And, oh, yeah. Oh, well, the cover of Bad. So I'll be on the cover of all the copies of Bad
that they sell from now on, and you'll get stickers to put my face on.
Okay, so it's all MJs.
Okay.
Seems like it.
Whoa. Mahalia Jackson, you're on here to... Wow. Okay, so you're going to give me
your Grammys as well. So I'll be on the cover of Bad, I'll own Neverland Ranch,
I get all the basketballs, and I'm number 23. Just from the one ep... You guys don't want to wait to...
Okay. Sure. Yeah, for sure. Okay, thank you so much. That means a lot. Thanks.
Yeah, these pretzels are making me thirsty too. Yeah. Love that shit. Okay, bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Wow, Juice, that sounded like a pretty big call.
Just a lot of MJs giving me their honors and their awards and their recognitions.
Well, congratulations for all your... Ah, fucking shit. Hold on one second.
Hey, Bryce? I can't today, Bryce. I'm sorry. Bye. This is my friend, Bryce.
He wanted to get lunch, but obviously I'm spoken for, so...
This has never been more important that we help people.
Oh, sorry. Just one more call. Sorry. Yes, hello? Joseph Gordon Biden.
Oh, no. A life debt? Uh-huh. Follow me to the ends of the earth? Uh-huh. Like a Belvedere situation?
Okay. Can you start tomorrow? Cool. Cool, cool, cool. All right. I'll have Debra send over the
address. I'll see you then. Okay. Bye. Guys, you'll never believe who it was.
I can't guess. It was Barack Obama.
Whoa, weird. Okay.
Doing a character?
Yeah, he was using his nom de plume, Joseph Gordon Biden.
All right. I think it's time that we reveal that these have all been pranks that we have done so
far. Basically, everything you've heard up to this point, except my fucking rude friend,
Bryce calling me, somehow piercing through the do not disturb that I have said on my phone.
I don't know how you hacked into my shit to get the phone call through, but all the other stuff
has been just pranks, and we don't know these people. We hope you enjoyed all the
stuff we've done so far.
We would never do something like that on the TV show. We really save our really fully formed
great gags for our new medium of television.
Should we do... Please watch our TV show. It comes out on Thursday on CSO. Go get CSO on
whatever set top box you got. Go to CSO.com and check it out on Thursday.
And if you want to and you haven't yet, we have an episode of the show up now. You can see it on
YouTube. I put a link to it on McElroyShows.com, and you can watch a full episode now wherever
you are. So go enjoy that.
Sorry, by the way, sorry that the one that we put out has spiders in it. Apparently,
for some people, that's challenging. I've heard it's a challenging thing for some people. A lot
of people are not very pleased about that, and I am sorry for that.
It is the only episode with spiders in it, though. I can guarantee that.
Yes. Let's hit... Can we do some fucking advice, please?
My husband calls petting the dog, rubbing the dog's fur. How can I make him stop?
That's from Dogs Deserve Dignity in Michigan.
I don't know that this is like a full meaty question. So much as I just want to say to
the question asker's husband, I respect you. This idea of... This was probably one time
you meant to say, I'm going to go pet the dog, and you couldn't think of the word pet,
and you said, I'm going to go rub the dog's fur, and you fucking committed to it. And you're like,
this is me now. I'm a man who pets dogs, I rub dogs fur from now on. That's me for life.
I have to say, I think that the question asker said they call themselves Dogs Deserve Dignity
in Michigan. I would argue that this is a much more dignified way of referring to the practice.
Because by saying you're petting the dog, what you're saying inherently is like,
I'm petting my possession, I'm owning my possession, which is a pet.
I'm massaging my friend.
My friend has fur, just happens to have fur, and I'm rubbing it with my hand,
which is an equal appendage to a paw. We are all on equal playing field here.
I am going to go interact with the dog in an adult, consensual way.
I'm going to massage my friend's hairy body in a way that we will both enjoy very much.
And when you say it like that, it could be anyone at that point, you know what I mean?
That's not patronizing to the dog. I'm going to go rub my friend's hairy body. That's universal.
I'm feeding my friend some table trash, and I know some do not approve, but this is a personal
relationship between my friend and I, where I feed him trash from the table.
I'm watching my friend defecate in my yard.
My friend looks hungry, so I'm going to serve them up a tall bowl of stink cereal.
I'm just going to tie this rope around my friend's neck and walk him down the street.
It's for my friend, though, because he'll see a car and he'll be murdered by the car, by a person.
So the rope is for my friend.
Hi, thanks for seeing me on such short notice. I need you to express my friend's anal glands,
and I need you to express my friend's anal glands, and I need you to express my friend's
anal glands, and I need you to express my friend's anal glands, and I need you to do it in a mature,
consensual way, because it's too yucky for me personally, because we're friends,
and it would be overstepping the line.
And please don't make eye contact with my friend while you do it. He hates that.
My friend ate my fucking car keys, and so I'm not really sure what to do about that.
I was rubbing his hairy body, and I looked down, and my dang keys were gone.
Do you guys want a Yahoo? This is good. Just keep doing this. You're fine.
This one was sent in by Aaron Keys. Thank you, Aaron. It's by Yahoo Answers user AGLU, who asks,
should it be illegal to steal someone's kill on Call of Duty?
So I've just been playing some Call of Duty Black Ops 2 when this kid kept stealing my kills.
It was the same person over and over. Every time I went in for a kill,
this kid just ran in and took it. 11 assists I got. They should have been kills.
So I think you should be put in prison for stealing someone's kills in an FPS.
Remind me, which one is the Call of Duties?
It's the one with the soldier men, but they have future guns.
Gotcha. You know, the irony here is that it's illegal to steal someone's kill in a video game,
but in real life, if you're about to kill someone and somebody else kills them first,
that's suddenly illegal. You're now legal. You're off the hook.
Yeah, you're good to go.
Because you didn't actually do the kill, you know what I mean? It's ironic if you think about it.
But if you want to get all the, I don't know, duty points that you can use to buy new
weed emblems, weed skins for your gun to turn your character into just a big three-dimensional
sort of ganja guy, you can buy him for 3000 duty bucks, you're going to need to get those kills.
And this child is coming in and really just griefing him. And so can I put the kid in jail?
Actual jail, too. This person is talking about real-world physical
jail, not just Call of Duty jail.
No, this is interesting, Travis. You've just given...
Justin and I work in the video games industry.
So we know the people to talk to to make things happen.
We know the people to talk to to get these sorts of ideas going because
I think there should be a jail for every game. And not like you get banned and you can't play
the game. I think if you do too much bad stuff, maybe not stealing somebody's kill, but if you
call somebody mini epithets, then the next time you log in, your weed-shaped soldier man is just
in a cage. And there's a little timer there that's like one month, he's in the cage.
Like real time?
Real time one month.
Yeah, real time one month. And you can walk around in the cage and try to find a way out,
but there is no way out. You're in the cage.
Is there an opportunity, Griffin, there for a time off for good behavior thing
where they bring other people to the cage that you can talk to and say,
let me tell you why I'm in here and you shouldn't make fun of people online and be mean to them.
And maybe that shaves some time off of your sentence.
When you log on, the cage is also filled with orphans and there is a book there in the cage.
So if you read to them stories, read them The Lion, The Witch, The Wardrobe or whatever,
you can shave some time off your sentence.
And the orphans are real time.
You gotta really read it.
Real time, real orphans.
Plug in your microphone. I know. Dig it out. Gotta read orphans.
Listen, I have some advice for you, question asker.
Get good.
Oh yeah.
Just close the murder deal.
Yeah.
You opened the store of murdering and you didn't stick around to close up for the day.
There's probably a better metaphor there, but get good.
Yeah.
Scrub, just get good. Just close the deal.
If you would have given them one right in the old brain box,
they wouldn't have time to get stolen.
You know what I mean?
Can't steal a headshot.
Can't steal a noscope.
May I pitch a zag?
Yeah, sure.
Should we all get fucking MLG pro level Call of Duty gamers?
No, no, no.
Start a clan or something?
Question asker follows this kill stealer around and steals their kill stealings.
Like you have a sniper rifle right over their shoulder as they're pointing a sniper rifle.
They can't see you because they're looking down their sniper rifle and it's like,
oh, he's about, and I stole his kill steal.
Stole it back.
I'm the Robin Hood of Call of Duty.
Sort of.
Yeah, I steal the kill from the kill stealer.
Steal, fuck, got away from me.
What if everybody just waits for everybody else to initiate the fight?
There's only kill stealing and then nobody starts it.
It's like, oh, it's reservoir dogs.
Why don't we talk it out, you know?
Like maybe we just talk through it.
Whatever's going on between the red guys and the blue guys.
Maybe we just figure it out.
I like that.
It's like, hey, rather than kill stealing, let's just sit down and rap about this beef.
Let's wrap this beef up and sell it.
Check this out.
New Call of Duty game comes out next month
because I'm pretty sure them shits are coming out on a monthly basis now.
You pick it up.
You get it together with your friends.
You get all your stuff together.
You're four loco.
It's a time for a night full of shooting and hooting.
And you go in and you play a met round and you do okay.
You get like six kills.
Your friend Benny gets 14.
You're like, damn, Benny.
He's like, I just have it.
I just have it.
And then the match ends.
You're like, time to rack up my duty bucks and see how well I did.
And you and all of your teammates and everybody you played against are all in small jail cells.
And there's just like, I think there's just a guy that comes and walks through the jail,
like the warden.
And he's just like, what were you guys doing in there?
You can't just kill.
You can't just shoot and kill and hurt.
So what did you do?
Six kills?
That's fucking 14 to life.
So that's pretty, that's not great.
Benny.
Oh my God.
Benny actually come with me.
Benny, it's, we save this for only the most brutal monsters that rear their heads in this game.
But you need to come with me now, Benny.
Maybe you follow after this person steals your kill.
Just get right up in their face and scream.
What did you do?
That was a living person.
Yeah.
You can't just snuff.
I was just trying to scare him.
You can't just snuff out a human life like that, you animal.
And then follow them around for the rest of the game shouting that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's going to hurt their KD for sure.
Or at least hurt their feelings.
It's going to hurt their KD lying.
Read another one.
I work at a software company and we have a communal kitchen with shared dishes.
During the other day, during lunch the other day, sorry.
I caught a coworker lifting a plate to his face and licking it clean.
I had a full on panic attack in my head as I watched in horror as he continued unabated
in his quest to get every morsel of sauce off a plate that I could very well be using tomorrow.
My question is this.
Are you hiring because now I need a new job?
And that's from Clean Plate Club in Atlanta, Georgia.
Holy shit.
No, no.
Yes.
No.
What?
No.
What, Griffin?
What?
How could you?
I feel betrayed by you, Griffin.
Okay, fine.
But if you go to a fucking nice restaurant and you and you see how I did the accent there.
That's how you know how nice this restaurant was.
And you fucking get yourself a fucking etouffee.
Play the gumbo.
Gumbo.
Get yourself an etouffee.
And you finish the etouffee but you don't want to waste the good hard work done by the sauce doctor.
Then you fucking lick it all up good and then guess what?
You're going to put it in like a hot, steamy, soapy box.
And then all of your tongue stuff is just going to be gone in the soapy box.
Griffin, this person did not go to the Cajun kitchen.
This person fucking microwaved a Stover's lasagna and like-
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
I do know that because they were in the break room at work.
Like, this was not-
Okay, even so, Griffin, are you telling me it is your belief
that this work break room has a functioning sanitizing dishwasher in it
and not just a sink that people lazily rinse dishes in
and then immediately put back in the cabinet?
I don't know.
There's a lot of variables here.
But even if it was just you run hot soapy water over it, their tongue stuff is gone.
How are you guys this upset about this?
Because I know, Griffin.
And even worse, I sort of know.
Because if all the plates look the same, they're all bad now.
They're all-
What are you going to do?
You're going to fucking walk up to them and grab the plate
and fucking shatter it on the floor and be like,
I hope you enjoyed the sauce doctor's good work, but now-
Yes.
Okay.
We're glossing over the point that this is unacceptable workplace behavior.
There is also that.
You can't watch someone do that and then like,
I guess we're teaming up on the new project for the boss together.
And also I just watched you lick a plate clean like my friend who is a dog.
Like my hair friend.
Like my hairy friend.
So guys, close your eyes and just think of,
have you ever had something where the good stuff wasn't immediately fork accessible
and you had to go hair friend on the plate to get to receive the sauce doctor's blessing?
Then you mop it up with a bread, buddy, Griffin.
Crusty bread.
A nice crusty bread.
Okay.
So they just have sauce bread.
They have like a bowl of-
You plan ahead, Griffin.
You have to plan ahead.
If you know that you got a good sauce from the sauce doctor,
you got to bring a crusty bread, buddy, and plan the fuck ahead.
You can't just fucking like live in the moment and lick it clean.
Could you bring crusty bread to this person?
Say hey.
I use this.
I saw you licking the plate like a toddler.
Would you maybe enjoy a baguette?
For next time.
Can I maybe interest you in this for next time forever?
And also, can you go back and find the plates that you've ever licked in your life
and shatter them, please?
The only place that this is okay, work behavior.
This is all right work behavior.
If you work at someplace like Pixar,
where everything is just a little bit more cash, you know?
Everybody's just razor scootering around
and they've made their cubicles look like tiki huts.
And like, you know, they've got a ping pong table in the break room.
Okay.
Lick it clean.
Fine.
We're all in Hawaiian shirts anyways.
It's all higgledy-piggledy up in the air.
You nervously walk into John Lasseter's office
and he's, I don't know, he's in there eating himself a good plate of gumbo.
And you're like, hey, I've got a good pitch for a movie.
And he's like, oh, just one second.
And then he licks the plate clean because he's John Lasseter and he can do whatever.
It takes 15 minutes in complete silence.
Complete silence.
And he leaves one little scrap of the sauce doctor's blessing right there.
He's like, what?
Oh, yeah, it sounds good.
What are you talking about?
It's cats, but they are firefighters.
Yeah, sure, what the fuck ever.
We did airplanes as firefighters, so I don't see why not.
Anyway, come on over here.
And I guess if you want me to green light this,
why don't you get up on this sauce doctor's blessing with your dog tongue?
What did you say to me, John?
Lick this up with your doggy tongue
if you want me to make your cat firefighter movie.
You're a good hairy boy.
Why don't you lick the sauce doctor's blessing from this terrain?
But it's a trick.
It's a trick test.
You go over there, lick it.
But before you do, you realize that he has licked the sauce, the remaining sauce,
into the perfect shape of the next Nemo-esque hit character.
We're like, sauce boy.
And then that's all over bed spreads and lunch boxes.
Sauce boy everywhere.
Because he's John fucking Lasseter and he's a genius.
And you slurp up the sauce doctor's blessing right off this plate.
And John says, I could never make a movie with such a nasty boy.
And then he drives off in the bumper car he's been sitting in the whole time.
And he snapchatted you with doing it.
And he put it on his snapchat so now everybody's seeing it.
And you're ruined.
Damn it.
Got me again, John?
You'll put that on the gram, huh?
You make such, you make great movies, John.
But your Machiavellian plots in the workplace, they need to stop.
Hey, and also, John, for future reference, John, you kind of just fired me.
Yeah.
You're the boss of the thing.
Like, if you didn't like my work, please just fire me next time, John.
Oh, shit.
Sorry, guys.
Hold on one second.
It's OK.
Hello?
Oh, it's really John Lasseter.
Oh, you hacked our Skype call the whole, you were listening the whole time?
You do want to make the Cat Firefighter movie starring me and, OK.
I have a friend, Joe Panigliano, he's great.
He was in the Matrix.
Do you think we could get him?
We can get him in as Taz, Tabby, we'll figure out the name later, John.
But yeah, I'm very excited about this.
The Tabby Cabby.
The Tabby Cabby.
Pitch that.
Tabby Cabby?
He drives, sorry, what was that, Travis?
Give me a, Travis, I'm on the fucking phone with John Lasseter.
Give it to me now.
He's a tabby who drives a cab.
Tabby Cabby, he's in a cab and he drives around?
He's in a cab and he drives around?
I'm off the, I'm off the project.
OK, bye.
Damn it, Travis.
That was my one fucking chance.
We'll pitch it to DreamWorks, Griffin.
We'll pitch it to DreamWorks.
Sorry, guys.
Hold on one second.
Hold on one second, everybody.
Taz?
The real Taz?
Tasmanian Devil?
Oh, it's the cartoon Taz.
Justin, could you, could you put it on speaker so we can hear both sides?
Just put it on speaker quick.
I want to hear him.
Yeah, let me put it on speaker, hold on.
Well, that's uncalled for.
Yeah.
I wouldn't say we stole any of your jokes for the show.
When you and I were.
OK, well, that's, I mean, that's, that's racist.
You know, you know that that's.
No, I want to work this out with you, too.
Yeah, OK.
Let's find something.
How about instead of a protracted legal battle,
you and I find something that we can work together on soon?
Justin, Justin, Justin, pitch him.
Well, that sounds pretty good.
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
Thank you for calming down.
First off, thank you.
Travis, did you have something you want me to add to Tasmanian Devil?
Pitch him the cat firefighter movie with the tabby cabby.
Yeah, tabby cabby.
Give him tabby cabby.
Hey, I had a project where, you know, Lassie?
John Lasseter.
Yeah, Lassie.
So here's the pitch.
Tabby cabby is a cat that drives a cab and.
Reel him in, reel him in.
You know, there's an arc.
Of course, he goes to China and there's lots.
Give him the name.
We got Joey Pants attached.
And we got Joey Pants is in basically.
We, the ink is not spilled yet on that one, but.
Yeah, I thought it sounded pretty intriguing too.
The pretzels are making me.
Love that gag.
Anyway, Taz, I will talk to you so soon.
I'm doing the podcast.
I know still, believe it or not.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, bye.
Bye bye.
No, you hang up.
We don't hang up, we just go to money zone.
That sounds pretty good, Taz.
Let's all go together.
Can I tell you all about a thing that's very important?
Very close to me, literally.
And emotionally.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm talking about me undies.
Basically, my whole collection now is me undies.
Thank you me undies for sending me me undies to wear.
And even if you weren't sending me me undies, I'll be buying me undies because they are,
they're life changing.
They have changed as sort of how I even think about my zone.
They are seriously soft, feel good undies.
They deliver them right to your door made from sustainably sourced micromodal.
And it's a fabric three times softer than cotton.
And these are just luxurious pantaloons that you can wear.
And they come with fun designs and you can get what?
Joey pants.
Just we've been talking about Joey pants a lot.
So now I will never not be able to think about Joey underpants.
Okay, fine.
So me Joey's is offering you 20% off your first pair.
If you use their special URL, meundies.com slash my brother, you'll get 20% off your first pair.
Um, so go ahead.
Go revamp your whole underwear drawer.
You've earned it.
Zag on them in 2017.
Throw all your underwear away, but do it like before you've made this purchase.
And so like when you get the me undies in, it's like, uh, it's like a refreshing spring breeze.
Once again, that's meundies.com slash my brother, meundies.com slash my brother.
Get 20% off your first pair.
I would like to tell you about, uh, I would say at this point,
my brother, my brother and me favorite, um, pretty, pretty long term, uh, money zone buddy.
And here's the thing.
I'm trying to get fit.
It's a new year.
Zag, zag, zag, trying to lose a few LBs, but mostly just stay healthy.
And you know, sometimes you want to have a snack and you go to the pantry, you go to the fridge
and you know, you see that bag of chips or like a thing of cookies and you just start eating.
And when you're done, you don't feel good.
You might feel full, but you don't feel good.
Well, let me suggest nature box.
Nature box is the snack food you want, but it's not junk food.
It's food that you can eat.
It tastes great.
And you feel good after it's done.
So you're not just like eating, you know, dry styrofoam health chips or whatever.
You're having like actual snacks.
You're having some like dark chocolate nom noms.
You're having some, you know, some lentil rings, sweet, salty, spicy, whatever you want.
And right now you, and it's affordable, but right now you could save even more.
Nature box is offering our fans 50% off your first order.
When you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
It's naturebox.com slash my brother for 50% off your first order.
Go check it out.
Start snacking right today.
Juice, give me this personal message, please.
And I'm only making you do it because the from field that lists who the message is from,
there's like 40 names in there.
And I want, I just really want you to tackle it.
Okay.
This is a message for John Newell.
It's from Bellwick.
Nope.
I already fucked up first name.
Let me try again.
You just edit that out.
Nope.
This is a message for John Newell.
It's from Bellrick, Rulga, Resin, Cephalus, Claria, Vespidae, Achia, Callius, Garvin,
Gwendolyn, Alfgromir, and Bjorn.
If this message had popped up on adventure zone, like it'd be a pretty easy, like,
oh, this is a D and D group.
Um, which it, which it is, but it's also like the big, can you imagine if we did adventure
zone and there were 12 fucking people on the call each week?
This is so many adventurers.
It's a hell of a thing.
We're crossing time, planes, and storylines to congratulate you on officially becoming
a doctor of dungeoneering.
Um, we mean literature.
We pledge to keep derailing your meticulous storylines and fucking up your beautiful world
building with our cults, chaos cheese, crazy stealth roles, and quest for
immortality for many years to come.
We love you.
Um, congratulations, John.
Dr. John.
Dr. John from, from one, um, from one DM to the other.
Although again, like, this is a Herculean effort that you've done here.
Cause maybe they're doing, I've done this before where I had like a D and D league where
we had like 10 people and we would swap in whoever was available that night.
So we didn't have to like wait.
And then like we would just level people up accordingly when they would step in.
That'd be cool if I could do that with you guys.
Just replace us?
Well, just like if they have a bad week, it's like, well, let's just try out somebody else.
Let's give Rothfuss a chance.
Let's see what he does in there.
Uh, so congratulations, Dr. John.
Sounds like you were in the right place at the right time.
God, Justin.
Joe, may the force be with you, Sidon.
I've got a message for you and it's from Sarah Yarrowizard.
Uh, Gries, Gries.
Gries.
They, it says pronounced Gries right after Justin.
Gries.
Sarah Gries.
Gries almighty, Justin.
Surprise.
Happy new year, birthday, Valentine's Day, day we met.
Special fun day or second anniversary.
Whether it's January, February, April, November or December, I've got us covered.
Good.
After five years of friendship, I'm proud of the nerdy, loving, healthy relationship
we've built together.
I love you as much as I love hit points or Harry Potter.
It's HP.
Probably Harry Potter.
Probably Harry Potter.
I love you as much as I love Hewlett Packard and you love Star Wars combined.
Thank you for being you, Boo.
And so it's just a nice message.
There's nothing to really congratulate them on.
So birthday, I guess.
It seems like the month for the birthday.
So happy birthday, Joe.
I love you as much as I love Harvey Purvis, who is an accountant living in San Bernardino.
Thank you, Harvey.
I love you very much.
Hello, and welcome to PodPhone.
What type of podcast are you looking for?
You have chosen funny podcasts about bad movies.
Rated R.
May we recommend The Flophouse?
Three friends talk about bad movies and make each other and you laugh.
Rated R.
The Flophouse is playing at your ears.
If you download it right now or whenever.
Rated R.
To purchase tickets to The Flophouse.
You don't need to do that.
Just download it.
The Flophouse.
Rated R.
For nudity, I guess.
You guys want to get who?
Yeah.
Got a few good ones.
This one was sent in by, and I apologize for how bad I'm going to pronounce this,
but from Aulia Irham Waisessa, who, thank you, Aulia.
It's from Yahoo Answers User.
They are anonymous.
Let's call them.
Todd asks, would a toaster still work in a freezer?
Their subhead for this is, would this create cold toast, which is fucking stupid.
But the good question is there at the top.
You put a fucking toaster in a freezer, run the extension cord in there.
You put some good bread in there.
You click it down.
What even happens, right?
Because you say, if you think it would get hot, well, then the freezer hasn't done its job.
But if you say it gets cold, then the toaster hasn't done its job.
Let me say there is a factor here which makes this more of a brain puzzle to me.
Yeah.
If you immediately take the toaster, put it in the freezer, press the thing down,
I think like, yes, it's still going to work because the freezer has not had time.
But if you put the toaster in the freezer for say like 20, 30 minutes, then do it.
Yeah.
So like the coils, those toaster coils, they done cooled down.
And so it might come to room temperature.
So you might end up with room temperature bread because it's a timed thing.
Unless you have a toaster that operates on some kind of heat sensor.
I think it's a timed thing.
So you would end up with like the coils would reach room temperature,
but not necessarily hot enough to toast the bread.
Possibly, potentially.
I'm worried that-
You're just talking out of your ass though, Mr. Wizard.
Yeah, I'm worried in having this discussion we're ruining
the new season of Bill Nye the Science Guy that's coming out.
Like first, Bill's listening to this and he's like,
fuck, that was like first episode.
We're three quarters of the way through shooting.
I don't think you could, okay.
But you couldn't close the freezer all the way.
So you're gonna have-
I mean, it would seal around like a small thin enough cord.
Like it was that like that seal thing that is on freezers.
It would still seal around it.
I don't think that's a factor.
That's a fucking easy out, Justin.
You try to fucking like cheat your way out of this question.
What's gonna happen in there?
Because I think we're worried about whether or not the bread's gonna turn into toast.
I'm on some like, this is gonna be like we're inventing time travel.
Like we're on some like accidental weird science Steins Gate shit.
Like I'm worried that like it's gonna open up a black hole of temperature.
I just don't think it'll get as toasty.
Like it'll be less toasty toast, right?
Probably less toasty I would think.
Why does-
Like warmed through, but not as toasty.
Why does one of them win?
Is like, because in your mind you're saying the freezer beats the toaster.
Why?
I think freezer beats toaster.
It's bigger and it's been doing it for longer.
Like I've been keeping things frozen in here for years.
You cannot come into my house and try to toast things and expect it to fly.
It's not gonna fly with me.
I'll get colder if I have to.
Okay Justin, what about this?
Imagine if you will, we're gonna get into some, this is all mind puzzles and not real.
Keep that in mind.
I realize that we-
It's real to me, damn it.
Griffin, we're about to go on a flight of fancy.
Fuck it, buckle in.
Oh fucking shit.
All right, Ms. Frizzle, take me.
What if instead of toaster in freezer, we had a giant toaster that we put a freezer,
a smaller freezer in.
We started the toaster, would the freezer still keep things cold inside of it?
That's a fucking banger of a question, Travis.
Yes, because I posit that Justin is correct in a roundabout way, that if you put something
inside another thing, the bigger thing containing it will always be dominant because it is bigger
and containing the inner vessel.
And it's been in the game for longer.
I don't wanna discount Savvy.
I feel like if you put a toaster in a, okay, if you put a freezer in a giant toaster,
I feel like the freezer is still gonna get it done.
But every time you use the toaster, the freezer is gonna be like, what the fuck?
I just got it cold in here.
And you ruined everything again and you refreeze it, you're definitely gonna get some ice crystals.
That's gonna be a big problem.
But I feel like the freezer won't give up.
The freezer would never quit, always trying to get things cold again after the toaster
did its thing.
Is it possible that we get that cold, crunchy toast?
Is it possible that this is just a new fucking molecular gastronomy thing where it's like,
this toast isn't burned or cooked at all, but it's crunchy, but it's cold?
It's crunch like toast, but cold like ice cream.
If you toasted a toaster pastry, toaster strudel, it's got the hot filling and the
hot flaky crust, but then immediately did a quick dip in some liquid nitrogen,
would the inside remain molten hot while the outside was frozen?
I think so.
That would be a take.
I would jam on that.
I mean, I'd probably die because I think maybe the liquid nitrogen would be bad for my tum-tum.
This reminds me of the scene in the brave old toaster where the brave old toaster went
up to the freezer and was like, 1v1 me, motherfucker.
Can I do a different?
I didn't think that that yahoo was gonna have my new legs.
And I also feel this way about this one.
Can I do like a two for one?
Yeah, two for one sale.
This one was sent in by Rachel Rosen, game recognized game, Rachel Rosen.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by yahoo answers user J who asks, in Italian cuisine,
is it appropriate to mix two different types of pasta?
I had lunch at a recently opened restaurant in my area and one of the pasta dishes I saw
served to the table diagonally for me had both spaghetti and fessucine,
maybe tagliatelle in white sauce with clams.
I'm not sure what it's called.
First thing that came to mind was, wow, that's different.
But the more I think about it,
mixing two types of pasta together doesn't sound right at all.
To reiterate my question, in Italian cuisine,
is it appropriate to mix two different types of pasta?
I read this and I don't know how serious to talk about here,
but I also imagined spaghetti macaroni together,
just chilling together in a bowl with some sauce.
And I was like, hey, that's the most wack shit I think I've ever heard of in my entire life.
Yeah, good luck finding which fork to use.
Because do I use my macaroni fork or do I use my linguini fork?
I don't know.
There's also different techniques.
There's different pursuit techniques.
Yeah, for sure.
If you do the swirl, you know that big, silly swirl
that people like to do where they do a big, silly swirl
and then they put it on a spoon and eat it like that?
That's one way of doing it.
Like they made a Donald Duck style like, whoop, ow, whoop.
Like they made a pasta nest that they're gonna roost in for a bit.
You're not gonna get, you may get all macaroni, like singular.
I don't know what the singular of macaroni is,
but you might get one macaroni in there.
You know, I would like to be in the kitchen of this restaurant
where like the chef reached for the box of pasta or whatever
and was like, ooh, there's not enough of this dish.
And there was like a solid like five minute rushed,
heated but whispered conversation about like,
can we convince a customer that mixing two pastas is a thing
and not just because we ran out of this kind of pasta halfway through the dish?
It's like, yeah, I call this fettighetti, enjoy.
I love Guy Fettighetti.
I've been watching a lot of his stuff since we got cable.
Now, exception to this,
if we could somehow thread the most tender angel hair pasta
through the juiciest macaroni noodles.
Into a beautiful necklace.
Into a beautiful edible necklace
that we would serve to you on my, while I'm wearing it.
And you would have to, it's the-
On your friend's hairy body.
This is my naked brother Griffin.
I've coated him in chains.
Hello.
Thank you, Griffin.
Griffin, I did ask you not to speak.
Please, you'll move the noodles.
I've layered him much like chain mail, but it's noodle mail.
It's noodle mail armor where I've threaded lovingly,
threaded spaghetti through the macaroni noodles
and made him sort of an edible armor.
So now he's just sort of a noodle boy for you to enjoy.
Enjoy this noodle boy.
I am working on a jingle.
I don't have a tune yet, but it's coming along.
Noodles and noodles on this beautiful boy.
It's something like that.
Just one moment, I'm all plain.
I'm feeling a bit under the weather.
Time to get a visit from the sauce doctor.
And then the sauce doctor come and just dumps it on me.
And then I'm ready to go.
It's going to get messy, I say.
See, I love this because this is both fitting in the most upscale Italian restaurant
and also could double as like a Cirque du Soleil performance.
So it's like it's a performance art right there at your table.
People love that because sometimes it's a magician
or sometimes it's like a fun band who like walks around the restaurant place.
And sometimes it's a naked boy wearing macaroni mithril
and you just eat it off of him.
What's hard is, though, you know that eventually Griffin's going to get some job offers
from somebody else, maybe Pasta Garden or Marty Scorsese,
and he's going to have to quit and there's going to be a new boy.
And everybody's going to say, I really like the flavors different,
I think, off the new boy than the old one.
I prefer the old noodle boy.
I like noodle boy classic.
The old noodle boy Griffin had almost like a Parmesan grime.
So I guess I'm a little bit disappointed.
I'm so excited about this question.
Please.
The other day I was spending quality time with one of my best friends
when he mentioned that he was starting to cook breakfast for himself.
This was fine, but the way he said it struck me as odd.
Fuck, I've been frying eggs instead of just having cereal.
Yeah, but cereal is good, I replied.
I do like it.
Nothing beats a nice warm bowl of cereal.
I inquired further and ascertained that he has been microwaving the milk
for his normal breakfast cereal his entire life.
What?
Help.
Am I good?
Am I good? And that's from Toasty in Toledo.
I love that this person recognizes this is such a breach of trust
that they are curious if they are good.
They are good, if they are good by association.
The answer is no, obviously.
You are ruined.
What could you have be-
What?
Who did this to you?
Who hurt you back in the day?
Someone did this to you as a child.
I'll tell you who did it to them as a child.
Fucking Cocoa Weeds.
Cocoa Weeds did their dark things and they're like,
this is gonna be your jam.
It's like cereal, but hot.
It could also just be oatmeal, like oatmeal in general.
They're like, this is good, but what if checks?
No, nah, nah.
They do it with Grape Nuts.
People will sell you this on Grape Nuts where if you heat it up,
it's just, I mean, hi, is Justin here?
If you pour milk on Grape Nuts and heat it up, that's gruel.
That's gruel that you make at home.
It's not just sad.
It's just sad.
You're having Grape Nuts and it's time to spice it up for yourself.
Just sit down and eat it as quickly as you can
and move on with your day.
The reason that Grape Nuts tells you to do that
is because maybe you'll heat the milk up too much
and burn your tongue so bad that you don't realize
how fucking shitty Grape Nuts taste.
That's why they tell you to do that.
The fact that you are doing this to Cinnamon Toast Crunch
when I could eat the Cinnamon Toast Crunch with a cold milk
makes you so angry.
Do you know, this falls into a category,
it's a very slim category,
but a category of like breakfast
that then asks you to take one more step.
Like before Frosted Mini Wheats were mini
and it was just one giant wheat
that you yourself were supposed to break up.
Like, no, the process is pour milk, eat.
There is no other step in the middle of this.
Now that is still how shredded wheat is distributed.
Yes, I will, I will.
I hate it.
I agree with you.
Also, I think people eat shredded wheat hot.
I think that's another thing that people are doing.
I'd fuck with that.
I'd get down with that.
Yeah, I think so.
And I actually like the hot Grape Nuts too.
You have just added a second,
you have shred the wheat yourself and then heat it.
That's two more steps in what it's supposed to be a,
oh no, I've only got two minutes
before the carpool gets here.
Like milk cereal, done, out the door.
I think I could get behind this
under the shredded wheats clause.
But also if you worked at like,
if you were like a construction worker in Buffalo,
and like you showed up to the site
and they were like, hey, Denny, what are you eating today?
And you were like, I'm having some hot rings.
And they're like, hot rings?
What are those?
I heated up my Cheerio milk
and you slobber it out of the thing
on a cool blustery winter day.
I think that that would be acceptable.
Hot rings for a construction worker is acceptable in Buffalo,
but that's about, that's basically it.
Otherwise, I don't want to hear about your hot Cheerios.
That's sort of like the first time
I tried to make warm milk for myself
because I'd been sold that as a sleep aid.
And then I tried to drink it with my own mouth.
And it's absolutely repellent.
And the fact that you would bring something like that
into the blessed bond of cereal and cold milk
is honestly hugely offensive to me.
It's hugely offensive.
Can I read another question that makes me really happy?
And as we near the end of February,
the February question list will fall off.
And I just want to say this out loud.
I want to put this out in the world.
We don't even have to discuss it so much.
Yeah, secret the shit.
Today, as I was painting sets for the school play,
my drama teacher came in to get a can of paint
and spilled it all over the floor.
She then said, ugh, this makes me so mad I could bust a nut.
I think she thinks bust a nut
is an angry version of the phrase bust a gut.
It is?
I told her to never say that phrase ever again,
but she just laughed and took it as old people
like you shouldn't use slang.
My question is, how do I make my 60 year old teacher
never say bust a nut ever again
without having to explain to her what it means?
And that's from, and I still have to clean up the paint.
There's a typo in this.
And I believe the typo is when you said don't.
Yeah.
And instead, as much as humanly fucking possible,
get your 60 year old teacher to say bust a nut.
This woman is a walking story.
She is a walking story that she gifts to people
who are around when she does something that makes her angry
and she says the bad, wrong, very, very funny, good thing.
Assumedly, assumedly, she's using the wrong thing.
And it is very selfish of you to say,
I would like to be the last recipient of this story
because we might get another question.
We've probably gotten questions about this very person before.
You don't wanna be the person that brings that story to an end.
And you are also in a position where in the middle of class
you could get into a fake fight with somebody and yell,
one more word out of you
and I am gonna bust a nut in this place.
And your teacher would just be lolling.
Like your teacher would be loving it.
And everyone would look at you.
Miss Stevens is cool as shit.
She's just laughing this off.
Yeah.
I thought she'd give him a pink slip, but no dice.
She's loving it.
Maybe we should all talk about busting a nut.
And now it's a thing.
That's the thing is now you have the opportunity to like
the next time you get mad with a group of friends say,
this is making me so mad I could bust a nut.
And everyone says, excuse me, what?
Sorry?
And then you say, ah, okay, thank you for inquiring.
And then you tell them the story.
And now this is weird because you can travel back in time
to make this phrase make sense the way she's using it.
Because now you're gonna start this and in 20 years
people will be using bust a nut to describe how mad they are.
And she started that.
Are you suggesting this person could tort the fabric
of language around this person rather than correct them?
Inception.
This is inception to busting a nut.
So it all just comes back around.
You do this nut busting chuckle routine for like a month.
And like a month later in that drama class,
your friend Derek is like, man, I'm so frustrated over here.
I'm about to jizz.
And your teacher's like, Derek, leave principal's office now.
We don't use words like that.
No, no.
We don't say jizz in this class.
We don't say jizz.
You've made me so frustrated.
I'm about to seriously bust a nut right here.
What if you confronted your teacher
if I was like, Ms. Stevens, bust a nut means,
if she's like, I know exactly what it means.
Hilarious, right?
It's good, right?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Ms. Stevens is funny as fuck.
Oh, my God.
I can't wait to be 60 now.
I'm going to run this con on everybody.
Oh, she doesn't know.
Oh, I know.
Oh, I know.
Oh, I know.
I've always known.
I've always known.
Inception.
What a good teacher.
What a good time.
What a great teacher.
I remember-
What a great teacher.
Thank you for meeting me, President Obama.
I was wondering if you could call my favorite teacher.
It would be very, it would be very special to her.
If you could just give her-
Sure.
What kind of impact did she have on your life?
Well-
All right.
So check this shit out.
Okay.
Get Joey in here.
He's going to love this.
Whatever.
Joey's the one that convinced her.
Joey comes in, he's like, yeah, bust a nut means you're angry, right?
Joey.
Yeah, you got me.
I, by the way, I just want everybody to know,
I'm not going to die on this nut busting cross
to change the language, to contort around your teacher.
I will not give up busting nut.
No, it's an important phrase for what it means.
Justin, your obstinance is making me so angry I could bust a nut.
Don't stop.
Like, don't do it.
Because what you're going to do
is this will not extend beyond our community.
Yeah.
And we're just going to lose the ability to tell
whether people are angry or horny.
Yeah, that's true.
Or both.
Or both in some cases.
That's going to do it for us, I think.
Yeah, we're done.
That's the end of this podcast for this week.
All right, so this is our big pitch, okay?
If you like us at all, we've got a TV show coming out on CISO,
which is a comedy streaming service run by NBC.
At CISO.com is where you can sign up and what all.
But there is also an Apple TV app.
There's a Roku app.
There's a iOS app.
It is US only.
But if you could just go ahead and go watch our TV show,
it comes out February 23rd.
And we would really appreciate it.
We think you'll like it.
We also just, we have a ton of people on our Facebook group.
We have a spin-off Facebook page for specifics
about the TV show because not everybody can watch it yet.
We don't want to spoil anything or what have you.
So if you search for MBMBAM TV show,
I think it pops up there on the book.
So you can sign up for that if you want to talk about the show.
And just to clarify, because we made that TV show thing,
so if you try to post stuff about the TV show
on the regular podcast group, it's gonna get denied.
We want to make sure that we keep that-
Specific stuff.
Specific stuff about the episodes that are going up.
Maybe not more general things.
But I just also want to say,
the absolute fact of the matter is
we would not have had this opportunity
if it weren't for you all
over the past almost seven years,
spreading the word about the show,
listening to the show, reviewing the show, all that stuff.
And we really owe it to you
and we'll be forever indebted to you.
And we hope we made something that will delight you
because that was the absolute 100% only ideal
that we had in mind when we were making the show.
So thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
And just as a reminder, I also want to say the mods,
Rachel and Wes and Anthony and Lucy and Stormy,
who are mods on the podcast group
are also the mods on the TV show group.
And they're working really hard,
but it takes a while to sort through all the membership requests
because we want to make sure that we keep,
that we don't get spam accounts in there and everything.
And they also work really hard to sort through everybody's posts
and it can take a while.
And we've given them fairly specific guidelines
as far as like what kind of stuff should be approved
and what shouldn't.
So just know it can be, you might have to wait a while.
A post might get denied.
Yeah, please be patient with them.
Please be patient with them, they're working really, really hard
and it is a completely thankless job.
But we sure appreciate it.
Like we literally don't thank them.
Yeah, not at all.
I thank you all very much.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for using our theme song.
It's a part drop the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's also the theme song for the TV show.
I saw a lot of people like excited that we got to use it
for the TV show when the premiere episode came out.
And we were super excited too,
because like it would have been weird if I'm like,
and now I'm a bim bam bing bing bing bing bing bing bing.
Like some shitty song.
That was what I think a shitty song sounds like.
Although really it was kind of a banger.
Like it hadn't like a nice sort of-
That was good.
It wasn't bad.
Yeah.
It was polyphonic spree level right there.
So we have a live show in Austin in May.
Oh, geez.
May, what is it?
What day?
What are we doing?
I think 20th and 21st.
Is that right?
Yeah, that sounds right.
Nobody's really quite sure.
No one knows when.
But so May, I believe it's May 20th and 21st.
It is.
Saturday the 20th and Sunday the 21st.
And those tickets are going on sale this week.
You know, I know that-
Listen, you know, if they sell out, I know that sucks.
But just in case, make sure, you know,
know when it's going to happen.
Be ready for it.
Camp out on the website, I guess.
The link is going to be bit.ly forward slash Austin, M-B-M-B-A-M, 2017, 2-0-1-7.
And if you want to see Adventure Zone, that ticket link is going to be bit.ly slash Taz Austin, 2017.
It's not up yet.
I believe the tickets go on sale the 24th.
So let me get the exact time for you so I can let you know.
They're going to go on sale 10 a.m. Central Standard Time.
What is that?
No one knows what that is.
That's the time zone our brother lives in, that Austin exists in.
So it's like 11 a.m. regular human time?
It's normal here at normal time minus one.
They're going to go on sale Friday the 24th, 10 a.m. Central Time.
Bit.ly forward slash Austin, M-B-M-B-A-M, 2017.
It's going to be fun.
We're doing M-B-M-B-A-M and Adventure Zone, so it'll be a hoot.
So y'all want that final?
Hit me.
So I sent it by Paige Andrews Johnson.
Thank you, Paige.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Another anonymous, we'll call him Hieronymous, asks,
is it immature when a guy says penis power during sex?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dads.
Square on the lips.
We host the weekly comedy podcast One Bad Mother, we celebrate our moments of parenting genius,
as well as our failures.
Just like, we're going to have hot dogs.
And I'm like, no, we're having fun.
Everybody loves hot dogs.
And it just like smashes that thing right on my chest.
And then I'm just crying in the middle of like kids space while people are like literally
dancing with their children.
Parenting can be sad and painfully funny at the same time.
So join us each week as we admit that this is hard, but we're getting really good at it.
Find us at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
