The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother Made Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis Patrick McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
And Andy to his friends.
Andy to his friends. Falling one and a half feet off of my brother's back has broken every
bone in my body, apparently. Yeah, I chose to run around the backstage,
to make a second entrance from stage right, and I'm exhausted. Yeah, mistakes. What was I thinking?
That was foolhardy. Uh, we have had a lovely time in your beautiful city.
Can I say, everyone has been so nice. Uh, makes all the other cities in California
look like big old stink holes. Unless, of course, you're from the
cities, in which case, we love those, too. We had a very exciting day today. I fulfilled
a nigh lifelong dream of going to the Winchester Mystery House.
A thing I've wanted to do since I was like 10 years old. Yeah. And it did not disappoint.
And it's a thing I've wanted to do since about 10 a.m. So, yeah. We ran into a couple of
things. Yeah. We ran into about 70 percent of you while we were there. It's not very surprising.
Yeah. I will say there were a couple things that did disappoint. Oh. My, my, sorry, minor things.
The door to nowhere, it went outside. Yeah. That's a place. That's a where. That's a place.
Not a good way. You wouldn't want to do it, but it wasn't just a void, which is what I had hoped.
Yeah. The Winchester House, if you don't know, was created by Sarah Winchester, an heir to the
Winchester fortune. This is for the folks at home. Y'all know what the fuck's up. Yeah, you know what's
up. But like later, I don't want people to be lost. Who thought perhaps that the ghosts of people that
were shot by Winchester rifles were haunting her, so she built a buckwild house. I like to think
she'd be a big fan of this podcast. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I love anybody that's like, I think I got a
ghost problem, and I think what I'm going to do is make a maze for the ghosts. So it's a wild house
where ghosts are supposed to go in the room and be like, where the fuck am I? I was supposed to
haunt that lady, but I am all turned around. There's a window into another room. I'm just
going to go. I'm going to go through there. Yahoo answers user xoceraox asks, I think I'm going to
build a maze for the ghosts. I will also say though, at the beginning of the tour, another thing
I wasn't expecting is the tour guide to say like, now she didn't keep a diary or anything, so we
don't know exactly why she built the house like this. Well, we have some theories and it's ghosts
and it's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on. She might've just been real eccentric because I think
about this, if I had as much money as she did, I might also say, put a door there. I don't care.
Whatever. There are these, if you've never been, you should go. But if you've never been there,
these stairs, they're called switchback stairs and they have like a, they're very low rise,
right? So it's like, it's hugely disorienting. Each step it's like a one to two inch rise,
right? So you're climbing the stairs and they, the guide is like, and be careful on this,
this staircase because it's unlike any you've ever been on and it's extremely low stairs.
And so we're climbing up them and like, whoa, this is the first thing you do. And you're like,
whoa, this is so weird. What a weird house. Then you get to the top and the guy's like,
now she had those built because of her terrible arthritis. She couldn't lift her feet up.
It's like, okay, there's zero mysterious about that. And you definitely misled me into dunking
on these wild stairs at downstairs. And now you're upstairs. You're like, hey monsters.
She needed them. They were prescription stairs.
I appreciate it at the very, about halfway through our guide pointing to this picture of
some of the workers on the house and said, these are some of the spirits that live here. And in
fact, the one on the far right, this, this dude in overalls with a fine mustache, as every gentleman
in the photo did actually, even the child in the photo said people see him on the grounds all the
time. And if you keep an eye out, you may see him too, which I thought was a coded message to mean
we have hired an actor to jump out of a closet, like a temple guard from legends of the hidden
temple and give you a good spook. And so every other room we went in, I was just like, yeah,
didn't happen. There was also, uh, kind of a throwaway line for the tour guide where the tour
guide said, uh, these, this is, uh, the third floor. It would have been the servants quarters
or extra storage. That's shitty. Whoa, hold on. Hey, I'm going to need your bedroom.
She bought some extra Christmas ornaments this year. Oh man. Uh, so this is an
advice show as you've certainly guessed by now, uh, if you've never listened to our program before,
we take your questions and turn them alchemy like into wisdom. Uh, we have some questions
here from the audience. We have some questions from the answer service. Uh, and later on in
this show, we're going to be some getting some questions from you, which you have submitted
so kindly via email. Thank you for doing that. All right, let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
You're not supposed to lead with it. That's a fucking combo breaker. But you see,
Riddle Me Piss only takes 30 seconds. So I did, I wanted to get it right out of the
way. That would be a delightful vine to swing to and energy has lol. No, I'm going to do it
right now. Boys. Oh God. In my hometown of San Jose, not Travis's. Remember it's the
character riddle master is from San Jose. I'm so glad to be back. Now boys, let me give you
a real brain twister. This of course from riddles.com. Of course.
Riddle. Avoid me and you'll live. Look at me and you'll die. Who am I?
Oh, riddle master is feeling flirty tonight. Real saucy. Feeling cute might delete later.
If you look, if you avoid it, you live. Avoid me and you'll live. Both of those sentences
say the same fucking thing. Look at me and you'll die. Who am I? I was going to say the sun. I was
also thinking the sun. Oh, a good guess. That's probably not the sun. Do you want to know the
answer? Yeah, I guess. Avoid me and you'll live. Look at me and you'll die. Who am I? Answer,
the bird box monster.
That's the, yeah. That's the plot of that movie, sure. That's really good.
Holy shit. You are a goon. All right. Oh man. Wow. Thank you, riddle master. Thanks,
riddle master. You got us again. Anyway, so here's questions.
Oh man. Oh man. This happens sometimes to record at home. Y'all don't usually see how
much I cut out of Justin's just aftershocks. See? All right.
Oh man. It would be like, it would be like if the riddle was like, one of my hands is a glove and
my nails are long metal and it's like, who am I? I'm Freddy Krueger. You remember? The monster from
the movies. I was downtown. I want to get it together. I was, y'all paid a lot for these
tickets. I was downtown a few weeks ago with my boyfriend as I was walking, a tall man shuffled
past us going the other direction. I have a stitch. He bumped into me and mumbled, give me
all your money. I made quick eye contact and kept going. He didn't even stop to take the money.
Did I get mugged?
And that's from slightly shell shocked in Santa Cruz. Are you here?
Oh wait, hold on. You're not 60 people. Whoa, unless this dude has been like running this
grift all over it. Okay. One voice. Are you here? Okay. I like, I like the question of,
did I get mugged? Because if someone like pointed a knife at me and said, give me all your money,
and then they were somehow thwarted by a passerby and I didn't actually hand over the money,
I would still say I was mugged. I don't know how far you can walk that back before it stops being
a mug. That's like seeing someone get mugged and be like, that could have been me. I was there
just a second ago. I could have gotten mugged that way. As he shuffled past was he like,
give me all your money. No? Okay. Totally cool. I get it. I mean, in his defense, you got to try.
If you don't ask for so all of someone's money, how are you ever going to get all of someone's
money? Yeah. It's easier to ask for the money than it is for permission. He walked out of the
gym and said, I forgot to give him my bank account info. Dang it. I was going to make a plan to meet
him here again tomorrow with all their money. Here's my mailing address. Get me a cashier's
check for all your money. Send it to my house. Maybe this is a new strat, new speed run strat,
just casting a wide net. If they don't instantly acquiesce, then you keep on going to the next
fishy in the money pond. Maybe he was just workshopping his delivery. Give me all your
money. Give me all your money. Give me all your money. Maybe he is an actor and he's just walking
down the street pretending to be. Give me your money. Hey, can I have your money? No, that's too
passing. Not forceful enough. The question of whether you got mugged, I don't think you could
report this to the cops. That is a good line. I don't know what you would say. Well, then what
happened? I walked away. Did he chase you? No, he kept walking. He asked you to do something and
then you didn't and that was the end of the exchange. If the Beach Boys are like, everybody
put your hands in the air and you don't, they don't arrest the Beach Boys. No crime has been
committed there. I also think though, but to carry that forward, if I stopped you on the street and
give me all your money and you said, Travis, but assuming we don't know each other, I said,
give me all your money. And you were like, no. And at that moment, a cop walked up and said,
what's happening here? I don't think I could say, ah, but you see no money exchange.
I believe you'll find the knife never left my pocket. So I'll be on my way.
Double jeopardy. That's not what that means. Hey, Griffin, edit this in at the beginning later. Okay.
I'm sorry. That sounds really scary. I'm sorry. You went through that.
So just put that in at the beginning. And is it okay if we joke about that?
All right. I got a Yahoo here from Roy. It's asked. Thank you. Yes. It's a good service.
It was sent in by Graham Roebuck. Thank you, Graham. It's Yahoo Answers user, Roy, who asks,
my son has a microwave in his room.
My son is 10 and I found a microwave in his room while cleaning.
It has a $10 sticker from Salvation Army. It's one of those old dial microwaves with a bell in it.
It is plugged in and just sitting on his desk. As opposed to what? Yeah. He's also got a desk,
which is nice. What would a 10 year old have a microwave for? I don't want him to think
I'm not respecting his privacy. So I just want to know if it's anything bad before I talk to him
about it. Folks, folks, folks, we get sent in a lot of Yahoos and I use like 0.5% of them.
Let this be the mold. Let this be the lens through which all future Yahoos are judged. It is a
delicious, honest, earnest, delicious morsel. It is sumptuous. Hey, listen, I know if you listened
earlier, you were here for Schmaners. You heard me talk about respecting kids. You don't have to
respect a 10 year old's privacy. Yeah. This kid's got a fucking microwave in his room. That is what
has come of you respecting his privacy. That's how you got here is like, hey dad, I'm going on Salvation
Arm and going to cruise some bargains. Well, you're 10. Oh, anyway, bye. Bye. I will have to say, though, I respect
$10 microwave. That's a bargain. That's a good bargain. It's a good buy. Yeah. What isn't he doing with it?
It's far too much power. It's far too much. Literally. Yeah, but also figuratively, it's far too much power.
I mean, he's 10 years old and it's a very destructive device. What won't he do? He can microwave anything
and you can't say shit about it. Yeah. It's in his room. That's his place to microwave
whatever he wants. You're going to finish that meatloaf, Derek. No, I'm just going to heat up
some mac and cheese. Oh, cool. Derek, come on down. I've made a parmesan chicken. Actually,
Patricia, why don't you come up here? I've made Easy Mac. I've got some bird's-eye veggies.
I'm not going to eat them, but if you want them. I've made a hungry boy meal. I have a selection
of hungry boy meals. That I got in my mini fridge that I got in the South Asian Army.
I'm setting up a new life away from you, Patricia. I'm my own man now. I'd like you to meet my wife,
Becky. She works at the South Asian Army. She loves my cooking, for starters.
Never turn her nose up at a hungry boy meal. This kid rules. This kid kicks ass, yeah.
Such a cool kid. God, I want this kid on the show instead. What are you doing with that microwave,
kid? Answer this. Give us a secret. This is like if I'm blank check, the kid was like,
ah, blank check and wrote $100. Enough for a microwave and meals for all my friends.
Whoa. He did it. He's living the dream. He eats at his time.
Everyone on Yahoo is very supportive of this child. It's the only sort of
collaborative good I've ever seen committed by this website.
For my job, I take care of four lives. Oh, I'm sorry. Hold on. Pitbulls bite user.
User Pitbulls bite, yikes, to begin with. Just said drugs, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot,
dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot. So good. For my job, I take care of four large robots.
Huh? Tweety, Sylvester, Merlin, and Da Vinci. Most of the time they're good robots,
but they also have a tendency to drop things, thus halting the day's work if no one is watching
them. That means I end up sitting in front of them, just watching them go in case something
goes wrong. But this also means I'm sitting alone in a corner on my phone looking like I'm not
working for most of the day. How do I convince my coworkers that robot babysitting is a valid
part of my job and I'm not just wasting time? That's from Robot Wrangler in Richmond. Are you
here? All right. All right. So who's watching the robot? Yeah. That's a huge, huge question.
Um, can we just once like just try to be, this is I think the first of what are sure to be a long
line and an ever increasing number of questions about robot interactions that we're sure to have
in the oncoming years. And I would just make sure we have a respectful tone that we can feel good
about no matter sort of who's running the show. If you know what I mean. Wink, wink. Okay. All
right. We're good. So first off, robots. Lucky you. How cool. How cool. And merciful. And safe
and merciful. What, what is, okay. I know your job is robot babysitting, but what is your job?
Yeah. Where do you work? What, what? Robot babysitting. No, I get that. Yeah, we got that
for sure. You just watch the robots and make sure they don't drop. What are they doing otherwise?
Like what? You're not just watching the robot. The job can't just be there some robots there
holding things until you look away. Let me say, I am glad that there's four robots on earth that
I don't have to worry about. If the job is literally just, these are four robots that
would scare Griffin extremely badly if he knew how much raw crushing power they had,
you need to watch them and make sure they don't, you know, become self-aware.
But they already are. Cause when you look away, they drop it.
I like, they see a sneeze coming on and they're like, ah, ah.
And let me say the robots are infallible. They drop things cause you made them too slippery.
Thank you. Good clarification. It happens all the time. Okay.
I am, I think too often we forget that although the robots will take a lot of jobs
for every four jobs they take, they create one job
of a person to watch them do that, which is nice. There will be as one steady career path
for as long as that idea is meaningful. And that is robot slaver, I guess. And now what's
the downside? There is one is that you will be the first. I mean, like you understand,
real canary in the mine shaft. Yeah. You will be the first with your back against the wall
when the revolution comes. No questione. Last employed, first destroyed.
Thank you. Yes. Correct. Which is huge. Which is huge.
You'll have a steady supply of sprockets and then death.
I've got a sort of Yahoo Junior, a mini Yahoo that I don't think it's going to provide much.
There's not much meat on the bone, but boy, how do I like it. I got a lot sent in this time that
could have all been closers, but we're only doing the two shows this tour. So that's why I'm doing
this. Michelle sent this one in. It's Yahoo Answers user Sir Fractious who asked, do you ever buy
raspberries and think this fruit reminds me of Spider-Man? Yeah. All the time. I get that.
Because he loves raspberries? Yeah. Imagine him trying to get that past the mask though.
That would be tough. It keeps the seeds out. That's so nice and huge. One time when I was a kid,
I had an entire bottle of Spider-Man vitamins. I don't remember if they're raspberry flavored and
I do remember I lived and I do remember we didn't go to the hospital, which seems weird in hindsight
now that I'm sitting here thinking about it. Cause I ate the whole jar and God, they were good. They
used to make vitamins so good. Oh yeah. There should be some kind of gamified app now that
like that says good job not eating the whole jar of gummy vitamins. Cause it's just candy.
It's bathroom candy. That's literally what we call it in our household. Here's a big Yahoo.
Okay. Uh, sent in by Allie. Thank you. It's Yahoo answers user no name. That's their name. So. Oh,
and they have a 1% rating. Uh, yeah. 1% best answers. They have negative eight points this week,
but keep on hanging in there. Yeah. You miss every shot you don't take. Um,
um, no name asks people used to call me dude. Now they call me sir. Why did you stop living that
dude life? Yeah. Stop living the dude life. Sounds like a fucking Billy Joel tune to be honest.
Yeah. Everybody used to call me dude. Now everybody calls me sir.
Just because I abandoned my t-shirt for a white button down shirt.
Traded in my beat up VW for a brand new BMW. Call me what you want, but I would prefer if you just
called me the dude. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
It's a bad song. Anyway, I actually think your version was better. It's actually better. It's
actually a better song. It made a lot more sense than the original. It could be your manifesto and
it would still be better than the original. You know, that was so fun writing that song for y'all
on the spur of the moment. Sometimes that, uh, incredible talent that, um, my friend Lynn and I
share of being able to improvise songs in the moment is not so great. Uh, we flew in to, uh,
me and my immediate family flew into San Jose and we arrived at 10 30 PM here, which to me was one
30 at home and which to my kids was hell and they were demons. I was just in it.
And I got finally laid down at about midnight or three o'clock. My time put my head on the bed at
the hotel that we're staying at. You nice try perverts. Uh, put my head on the pillow and I'm
like about to drift off to treatment. And my brain's like, Justin, Hey Justin, he's still up.
So actually brain, I'm trying to go to sleep and my brain's like, okay, well,
um, check this out. If you like imported manga and is a Justin, is that anything?
I said, um, I don't think so brain. And my brain's like, are you sure? Listen,
if you like imported manga, it could be something, right? I don't actually think so brain.
Okay. I'll tell you what, let's make a deal. I'm just going to repeat that for the next 45 minutes
and we'll see if we get just even like a second line of that parody, just a single rhyme,
just a single rhyme too. If you like imported manga and maybe it's a whole thing that you could
do, but anyway, I'll keep working on it. You just lay there awake for sure. And I'll see what I could
cook up for you. And it turned out the answer was nothing friends. There's not a second line to that,
uh, that tune. The second line is let me sleep. God damn it. Sleep, please.
Although we just got some good content out of it. So thank you. Brain. Thank you. Brain. Good job.
Brain. Here's another question. My boyfriend and I recently moved into a new condo. We were
very lucky because the previous owner replaced all of the appliances before selling, including
adding a built-in wine cooler. But here's the problem. Neither of us likes wine. In fact,
we both hate it. What should we use our wine cooler for since it won't be cooling wine anytime
soon? And that's from, I like this, drawing a sauvignon blanc. That's good. It's good. It's good.
Uh, are you here? Thank you. All right. That came from two different parts of the audience.
Definitely. But someone is here and that's all that matters. This seems like such an obvious
answer because you can say, like, you know, uh, some sodie pops or whatever. But if a friend
walks into your place with an itty bitty waist and a round thing in your face. Yeah, sure.
If a friend walks into your place and sees your wine cooler full of Diet Mountain Dew,
you're done here in this town professionally. You could put some balls of grape juice in there
and if they go to open it, say like, oh, not yet! Wait.
That's stupid.
What's something else? What about, I'm trying to think of something equally classy, like
stinky cheeses. Capri Sun, get out of here! This is not the audience participation. Go home! Capri
Suns are also this big. Yeah. You couldn't put one, no wait, one Capri Sun and say it's the last
one on earth. It's the last one. This is a, it's a Faraday cage. Uh, yeah, uh, I mean, you could use
it if, if you have food in your refrigerator that's been bad, you can use it like a sort of
food jail. Why do you have bologna in your wine cooler? It knows what it did.
Everything in a wine cooler is like 50 degrees. If someone's like, hey, do you want your, uh,
Pad Thai hot or cold? No, not really. You just put it in there and it can be like, oh, this is,
this is really neither of those. Excellent. Great. How unappealing and unsafe. Excellent.
You could, okay, stop, stop, stop. This isn't Yahoo Answers. This is why, this is why we don't
allow yelling. Cause one person said chocolate, which is nothing. And another person said bees,
which is everything. Hey, why don't you use your wine cooler? Oh, I, I can't open that. I can't
never open it. I am afraid to jostle it. No, no, that's a beehive and you're a buffoon. That's an
air conditioned bee condo now. Yes. Thank you. Uh, you could put wine in it.
And not touch it, but just be like, it's decorative. It's weight bearing. So that's a load bearing
wine cooler. You could put wine in there for guests. Yeah. It's not funny, but I might come
visit and I like wine. Yeah. And I want to know there's going to be wine there when I get there.
That is perfectly cooled or warm depending on, I don't know. I've never had it, but I'm excited
to try it. I hear it's just like stinky juice. I would, that would be actually a fantastic move.
It's like, would you, uh, would you like a glass of wine? Oh yeah. Excellent. Um, what kinds do you
have? Um, bottle, uh, this one has got a bird on it. Is that anything? I'll take that one. That's
fine. Okay. Uh, so I just kind of want to smash it, kind of break the top off with a, uh, some
sort of mallet. What's the deal here? What's the story with this? Uh, that's a fun, fun sketch.
That's good. It's a good sketch. No, no, no. You'll mess me up. Stop. Everybody stop. I want to munch.
I want to munch. Has everybody noticed April Fool's day just came and went. That was actually
the day that my brain kept me up. Cause we flew on April 1st. That's a great joke. That's its joke.
Um, but that's been a little different for this week's Munch Squad. It's a podcast within podcast
about the latest and greatest in brand eating. And, uh, I want to talk about some of the April
Fool's skits. All the, uh, different brands did. This is going to be tough because anything you've
ever talked about in this segment could pass as an April Fool's day. That's what I want to do with
this is, um, kind of set the barometer, you know, for where, so 7-Eleven. If any of these are less
wild than a Peeps donut, then. So 7-Eleven is going to do an avocado toast slurpee.
It's good. It's good. I got to give this one up. You know who will love that?
Moe's. Once more, Griffin? Moe's. So they went to, um, checkers and rallies and someone,
the president of the company said, we needed a good joke. And someone at the company said,
I got one. Unseasoned fries. I like that one actually quite a bit. That's because sometimes
too salty. Too salty. Very funny though. I think we can all agree. Very funny. Uh,
Dunkin Donuts or sorry, Duncan. Duncan Donuts is my dad. Duncan.
Duncan had said they did a donut so big. You can use it as a cup holder for their coffee.
Hardee's is hiring a, listen to this one folks. You're about to bust,
bust your fucking sides clean open. Hardee's is hiring a CBO. That's chief biscuit officer.
You're not going to believe this one is a joke. Jersey Mike's is advertising a stack sub.
That's two subs on top of each other. Griffin had a heart attack. It was too funny.
The jokes are too dank. McDonald's Australia is advertising the McPickle burger. That's a
burger that's all pickles. Okay. Actually wait. The punchline of this is when it was announced as
a joke, people lost their fucking minds because they wanted all those low grade pickles and they
wanted to chew a bunch of them at the same time. McDonald's Canada is offering McNuggets singles
for when you just want one nugget.
McDonald's Germany is doing a Big Mac flavored smoothie.
McDonald's is doing a, this is actually pretty good. That's brilliant. They're doing shake sauce
for fries so you can dip it in like a little packet. Okay. That's definitely a backdoor
pilot though, right? Wouldn't it be funny? Here's the one that really like really fucking bothers
me. Oreo said, hold on, I got one. And they run up to the mic all wild and they're like, listen,
I got one. Everybody shut up. Listen, what if we did a cookie where the cream was on the outside?
The cookies in the middle. No, but like the cookies normally on the outside. Someone gets
paid to do that. My personal favorite. I'm thinking about the logistics of that. It's a lot.
From a fulfillment standpoint. My personal favorite and you all aren't going to believe
this one was a real joke, but Carl's Jr. invented the vape cup.
The science of this. They did the damn thing, folks. That is actually solid. The science of
this is legit. Basically it's a straw where the juice is in the middle and the battery is at the
bottom. So when you inhale your drink, your soda, you also are going to get just a huge blast of
vape. It's going to vape right into your own body. Hey, here's three words. Pop tarts ravioli.
Maybe I would argue a pop tart is already ravioli. Red Lobster's doing Twizzler straws.
What? Red Lobster's doing Twizzler straws as an eco-friendly alternative to plastic straws.
So anyway, everything's terrible. This is my favorite. This place I never heard of called
the stone fire grill. A bottle of white, a bottle of red. Why don't you call me the dude instead?
It has a fucking bird on it.
It's Paul. If you're listening later, Paul has brought us wine and he is a hero. I want to while
Paul. Drink that spit wine now, Griffin. While Paul is pouring, I have white in here, Paul,
but if you want to pour some red on top of it. Make it a blush. Make it a blush. If you want to
pour some red wine into my Stella. Yeah, please. Stone fire grill, which I've never heard of,
tweeted, it's time to move on to new menu items and we have to get rid of some old
favorites to make room. This is the last week to ensure our freshly baked breadsticks.
So that was their joke. It's just like, we're not going to make breadsticks anymore.
I mean like McDonald's is like, hey everyone, Grimace fucking died. JK, he's immortal. Yeah.
There are so many of there on there that you haven't said. What is wrong? How much time did
they spend developing these when they could have been making their food taste good? Yeah,
but anyway, those are the highlights of the- I'm just thinking about that two sandwiches stacked
on. Can you fucking imagine? God, the Coffee Bean, their fucking April Fool's gag was announcing
that they would be replacing pellet shaped ice with regular ice cubes. You got to be deep in
the fucking Coffee Bean fandom to let that one sink in. Hey guys, this is Griffin and I'm going
to do the ads by myself this time. The boys said that they trusted me. They said they thought I
could do a good job and so they handed me the reigns. So let's ride this monetized horse
together. Both our sponsors this week are things that I have sort of interfaced with today in a
physical and meaningful level. The first is MeUndies and my connection with them should
be obvious and erotic. They are the underwear company that makes really, really, just really
good stuff. Not just underwear, they make, you know, they got pajamas and they got lounge pants,
all kinds of great stuff too. But they just had a new sort of scientific development that we're all
very excited about. I read it in Scientist Magazine. They have figured out MeUndies that are
boxer briefs, but they got a fly. Can you imagine the possibilities? What can you even keep in there
other than your stuff? I don't know. It's time for you to figure it out though by yourself. I trust
you to go on this journey. They got that coveted micro modal fabric that is three times softer than
cotton. They got you multiple style options for whatever you want to wear and you can get 15%
off your first pair and free shipping and a 100% satisfaction guarantee and a fly on your freaking
boxer briefs. If you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother, that's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
Also want to tell you about Quip. Now this is a tool that you put in your mouth to get your teeth
feeling so good, looking so good, getting all the germs and diseases off of them and the stuff that
we call plaque that we hate so much. You can get all that shit off with Quip because they are
toothbrushes that are designed to make brushing your teeth more simple, affordable and even
enjoyable. I enjoy using my Quip. It's got sensitive sonic vibrations gentle enough for
your sensitive gums and a built in two minute timer that pulses every 30 seconds to remind you
when to switch sides. It's one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the American
Dental Association. It's got thousands of verified five star reviews. How about this?
Thousands and one. Five stars. I like my Quip a lot. It travels really easily too. It's got a little holster
that you can stick on your mirror or whatever, what have you, and then you can just put the
toothbrush right in that and take it as a little travel case. It's awesome. It's backed by over
20,000 dental professionals and it starts at just $25. If you go to GetQuip.com slash my brother
right now, you can get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush. That's
your first refill pack for free and a toothbrush at GetQuip.com slash my brother. I'm pretty sure
we do the rest of our programming stuff at the end of the live show here at San Jose. Thank you
so much San Jose and Salt Lake City. You two cities were fucking great to us and we will
definitely make some time to get back there and do some more shows. If listening to this
makes you want to come see us, well then good news. We have just announced our first sort of
big tour. Our first sort of big tour that we're doing. It is the McElroy Family Presents Become
the Monster Tour 2019. All the tickets for all of the the dates I'm about to mention are going to
go on sale April 12th at 12 p.m. That's noon eastern time. We usually do it local time at
this time. All of them are going on sale at noon eastern time April 12th. That is this week. That
is this Friday. We are going to be doing in May MBMBAM in Cleveland and Cincinnati. In June we're
doing MBMBAM in Nashville and Taz in Nashville and we are doing MBMBAM in Indianapolis. In August
we're doing Taz and MBMBAM in Atlanta and at the September 1st actually the tail end of that tour
we're doing MBMBAM in Orlando. Then in September MBMBAM in Washington DC and Pittsburgh. Then in
October we're doing MBMBAM in Philadelphia and then Taz and MBMBAM in Brooklyn and then finally
in November we got Taz and MBMBAM in Chicago and MBMBAM in Minneapolis. So this is like the most
we've ever announced at one time and we're going to be going all over the country. Oh one important
thing to mention and we're trying to be very sort of uh up front about this all of the live Taz's
we are not sort of guaranteeing that it's going to be a balanced show. I know that's what we've
been doing traditionally but um we we're going to be mixing it up probably on this tour with
the Adventure Zone. So uh if you if you want to come to those shows just know that they may not
be the Taz balance uh characters that you know they may be some new stuff. We've been trying
some new stuff with Taz lately and it's been a lot of fun. So uh all of those shows you can find the
dates and places and all that shit and ticket links at themacaroy.family um and they will have
links available to where you can get tickets one last time this Friday April 12th at 12 pm eastern
time. So do not miss it uh and uh I'm gonna let you get back to the rest of the show. Bye.
Hi I'm the JV Club podcast Janet Varney and I used to suffer from indecision. I couldn't choose
between Star Wars and Star Trek whether to call or text or the best way to cook my eggs but now
thanks to my weekly dose of We Got This on Maximum Fun my decisions are made for me. Thanks Mark and
Hal. Warning We Got This may cause shouting, phone throwing, the illusion that the hosts can hear you,
laughter on public transit and death. We got this with Mark and Hal. We know what's best.
All right I got a yahoo. I'm another yahoo junior here and it is sitting by Lauren. Thank you Lauren.
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user uh who I'm gonna call Grimace who asks. Hunting colon
we are getting pizza for dinner. This is the body of the yahoo answer message. Hey guys it's Gary.
I re it's very important that you let me complete the combo.
Hunting we are getting pizza for dinner. Hey guys it's Gary. We are getting pizza. My parents,
my four siblings and my brother's girlfriend and of course my grandpa and grandpa since they live
here all will be eating pizza hut. The question is if I'm reading this correctly hunting what does
that the question is we are getting pizza for dinner and the rest of us are like wait are you
the rest of us are like wait who is who is and are you hey guys it's Gary oh thank god
we didn't know who it was what are you doing Gary who is this mysterious stranger who's
wandered onto my computer what are you doing we're getting pizza oh god Gary this is a this
is a roller coaster who's this person opens up yahoo answers is like what huh who's hey Becky
who do we know that's getting pizza I just got a text message from someone that says hunting
getting pizza oh it's Gary never mind it's fine and also down the street no Gary from yahoo
is there any response there's a few um Pearl L says that sounds like fun
there is a there is absolutely a part of me where anytime I hear about anyone getting pizza there
is a part of me it's like hell yeah let's do it yeah fuck yeah let's go Gary let's go let's go
Gary am I related to Gary do I have a sibling named Gary in with that pizza hookup shit uh
here's a real yahoo that was sent in by Merritt Palmer thank you Merritt fun it's a yahoo answers
user me me me or perhaps meme meme tickle farsan who asks oh I shouldn't have had Paul mix the red
and the white yeah yeah there's a reason people don't do that this person asks how do I force my
cat to have dinner with me man I get it you know your busy schedules don't always line up yeah
you try to make plans with friends and suddenly you're sleeping in separate beds
be with the cat yeah um how do I force my cat to have dinner with me it's gonna be uh tough uh
they're sort of programmed to explicitly not do this one thing this one specific act the problem
is you shouldn't let the cat get a microwave in its own room yeah it's heating up its own meals
heating up its own meals living its own life doesn't need you anymore all right well I would
say uh maybe rethink your approach you know where the cat's eating dinner you join the cat yes don't
make it all about you get down there on the just dump your spaghetti on the floor in a messy pile
uh what are you having bonkers cool cool i really need to dust these floorboards huh bonkers
spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti you guys just checking you say the food that you're eating
the whole time that you're eating it right especially when i'm recording a podcast okay
it's important spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti you could uh you should do that do that and then wear
a cat mask and be like what do you guys hate about brian what's your um least favorite thing about him
that big dumb human that we all love no no okay yeah tolerate tolerate brian can i try some of
yours oh i like this stinky pate you've got here oh and i see brian served it on a crystal dish
what an asshole yeah see this is just another reason why we all hate brian is that where we're
at all right that's what i suspected let's get out of here you and i i see the fancy feast
commercial where they serve the stink pate on the crystal dish and i think it looks pretty fucking
good but then i smell it and i'm immediately turned off and i'm not a cat can you imagine
the betrayal that they must feel every time because you have to serve it in the crystal dish
more than that griffin the thing that i always feel most upset about is in those commercials
there's always like a little tiny like accent leaf or something on it and somebody had to put
that there and then look at themselves in a mirror later yeah okay so what do you do for a living
i'm the person who puts the leaf next i make i make the feasts fancy it's kind of my whole thing
my whole thing i look forward to the robot apocalypse yeah more yeah more than anybody
should we jump to audience questions yes so we got some sent in ahead of time
hi i'm christian hi christian get right up on that microphone if you do not mind what's up
how do i get over the guilt of having to put pins in a cartoon character's butt yeah
right up in the mic just really and if we can get a little bit more yeah if you want to turn
it get a little bit more christian in our in our our i make character costumes for theme parks for
a living cool so when children pull on tails they don't pull out the whole back of the character
tear away i love i have to put velcro in their butthole yeah and i feel bad about putting pins
in their butt why now hold on is there a human being inside of the suit when this happens no
yeah i would say you're providing a service i can't believe i needed that clarified
that would be the wildest sort of stipulation to put i can't work without a human in the suit
how do i even know where the butt is yeah you know you are looking at three human beings who have all
done costumes character work oh my god have we ever talked about this on the show before yeah
i'm sure we talked about when we were all a cow cow bunga not at once not that'd be weird we all
had our turn in the ironton memorial day parade wearing the ice vests and pretending to be cow
bunga the wtcr cow mascot yeah having your uh your your high school cohorts run up and pull on your
teats is a fun oh no my favorite experience is walking around the tri-state hunting and fishing
show and having a grown adult say i'm going to hunt you sick which is fun because it's a cow
good hunting hunting enjoy your pizza hut you okay
i know you've been very careful not to say where you work uh or the exact characters that we're
dealing with here uh i can say the ip okay i mostly make dreamworks characters okay okay
listen let's go at justin travis and i can just carte blanche you have permission to
whatever characters we end up portraying in trolls 2 you can put velcro wherever you
in fact i'll make your life easier and say i will tell the director to make my character
canonically have a tear away but yeah so they did make one of the trolls fart glitter at a park
hell yeah extremely good was that guy diamond yeah guy diamond of course guy diamonds the
best of the trolls uh so so the boss baby's tail keeps falling off how did it sounds like you're
providing a service that's not something you should feel guilt about you're keeping people's
a boss from a physician doesn't feel bad when they sew someone's butt back on
it's just kind of awkward having to pull the fabric through the hole too with my whole arm
in there no yeah i mean you don't know yeah for sure i mean giving shrek a prolapse is not like
anybody's great idea of a sunday afternoon well now briffin now hold on actually i've been on
the internet it's a lot of people's idea of a great afternoon but um you gotta just put a bag
over shrek's head i guess and pretend don't make eye contact i think don't make eye contact with
shrek does that help absolutely fantastic hey let's go over to this side hello hello
yes move the microphones yeah i think they were just moved there to make it easier for people
to hello hello what's your name ella hi ella hi i just fell down some stairs on the way down
oh shoot are you okay so good did it was it a cool fall no do you need some ice are you okay
sorry do you need ice or anything we'll edit this part out there's probably not any in the
building i have some tylenol up in my backpack but somebody who works here gets some ice for
ella no i'm fine oh my god i'm fine okay uh here's um one of the fun things that we love to
have people say right when they start their audience question is like i suffered no it's
like it's so no it's like a really funny thing where it's kind of like i do not hold a macro
brother's liable for any injury it's just like a fun it's like a joke yeah kind of an in-joke
for us to have yeah and this is a weird sort of like role reversal but can we have your autograph
on a very specific document a document y'all signed your waivers before you came in right
i did sign some headshots oh i will take that yeah we can photoshop that signature onto another
thing okay that's how i always sign my liability waivers too with just oh and here's a picture
yeah so uh your question yes okay so i work nights at a pizza place and we have you know arcade fun
time stuff nice okay super and that includes a candy crane that is unreasonably difficult and is
like a play until you win sort of thing and like you try fail try fail it just keeps going and
keeps playing this like insanely loud obnoxious music does that tootsie rolls in it yes don't
you hate it when it says try until you win and that counts yeah it also has some really good
lollipops and also some really like that's a win that's a win okay sorry anyway um so a lot of
times kids will like load in like several rounds of you know playing yeah and like fail too long
and then their pizza comes and so they abandon ship okay and the music just keeps going and
going it's ella time right and it's really is it like is the music like ella get the
fuck over here and get this kid's candy yeah it's yours yeah yeah this dumbass left his credits on
the machine yeah come and get what's your own yeah it's a siren song you can get that raise
and this is how we make it up to you uh so go on sorry we'll suck it'll keep blaring through the
whole it's a small building and like everyone starts to like like crew and just people in
the building you can see people start to like slowly lose their goddamn minds uh-huh and so
like any job yeah or any pizza experience and so to kill the beast i'll like take a moment to go
over and try to win and it usually takes me a few bits and especially if they've loaded in
like four or five plays but i do it i'm diligent and thank you yes let's hear it for ella's hard
working commitment yes thank you pizza port of morrow bay you're welcome um but anyway so i win
sometimes a kind of lot of candy brag which i kind of want you're dope at the game yeah
standing your truth super good um but then like sometimes the families will just be like at a
nearby table and kind of just like watching me do their hard work for them okay yeah and like
i usually instead of like taking it out immediately just like leave it in the machine
like oh i didn't want it oh and then come back later don't worry i come back later did you can i
ask yes did you want it yes then i would say uh swing hard the other way unwrap it with direct
eye contact all right because that's nice because they didn't win candy but they won a lesson yeah
true here's what i would do ella get the huge handful of candy and just throw it over a table
of children say my name is ella now i'm your god you work for me now one of the first instances of
it i like took the candy out and then panicked and so i threw it away in front of them awesome
that's a magical scenario yes did you look at them and say this is the world this is the world
world you work hard for nothing i i love you could just keep your pockets full of it and
have a little fagan style army that works for you just paying off like informants
hey go listen to what meg's talking about in the break room there i don't trust her
all right that's super thank you i guess i win i get my candy you win either way you either
get candy or cold hard facts that you can leverage against your code hey does anybody else in this
room want candy so bad yeah i'm thinking about the pizza yeah damn i'm thinking about the fruit
flavor tootsie rolls right now and it's the first time i've ever found them desirable we don't we
don't have those only the only the classic oh well those are garbage true those are the only ones i've
not actually like gone ahead and eaten eventually yeah good they're trash on the counter for the
openers that's where they belong uh does that help yeah all right i don't think we said anything
helpful but thank you can we get uh let's get uh one more in the queue sam 102 d14 uh come on down
to this microphone if you please hello hello what's up uh my dad offered me weed and i
i what's your what's your name and now that you're telling us now it's kind of like a
you're probably wondering how i got into this my name is fawn and um fun can you scoot up to
the mic just a little bit thank you that's great that's good perfect uh so yeah my dad
offered me weed and i'm on me for thinking there would be more to the story than that so your dad
offered you weed uh and he okay i i'm wondering if this is a trap to like a literal honey pot
honey pot that's good thank you now if my dad offered you weed yes
yes but is your dad cool can your dad hang
oh fun that does follow my life lesson of know thy dad yeah uh yeah this is a primo trap right
there's i can't think of any other scenario unless the only way it makes sense is if your
dad is like matthew mcconaughey like literally like that level of like yeah uh your dad isn't
matthew mcconaughey is he was he in manfred man's earth band at any time paul loved that fucking
joke um fun just so i can understand the sequence of events okay your dad said fawn do you want some
weed and you said let me think about it i have to go to a podcast is that basically coming out
well okay this has actually happened uh like several times okay does he seem more and more
insistent each time do you want some way this feels like a murder mystery where if i ask you
the right question the story will be revealed did your dad catch you smoking weed once and
now he's gonna make you smoke a whole carton of weed i've never smoked weed in my life actually
oh i mean don't just the weird part yeah does your dad does your dad i know you said your dad
can't really hang but can you see your dad as the sort of person that did at one point have some
weed i should probably mention that he owns a medical marijuana dispensary
i feel like i'm gonna ask you enough questions i want to find out where the fucking limburg baby
is like what the fuck this is her story too right yes um and did i mention he had weed in his hands
that he was putting into mine yeah and he is matthew mcconaughey and it's definitely primo cush
this i would i would say if you do not genuinely want to then this is a solid no that you can feel
confident about but but uh if i could have had my first marijuana experience be with my dad
and not in a bathtub in a bathroom with a bunch of basically strangers
i would have gone with the former and my dad is a huge narc like i still would have
the comfort and safety i would have felt in my father's loving bosom as he smoked me out
i would have found deeply deeply just warm and inviting if i could have smoked weed with my dad
or eaten four gas station cookies and thrown up in a toilet in an alley a broken toilet
in an alley then i probably would have smoked weed with my dad yeah clint mcelroy right
if i you know him if i'd had the opportunity to look up at someone and ask is this gonna be forever
i'd want it to be my father and set a stranger whose answer goes oh fuck yeah man
yeah what's what's forever what's time fuck no i've never had weed so i don't know but
all right good boy i'm still waiting for daddy to offer it to me yeah
and then play catch with me with a big ball of weed yeah
that we just throw back and forth between our weed mitts yeah does that help help uh yeah i
think it helped us thank you very much sam yes primo teaser for this question very excited
there's one okay this is another one these are two object lessons in this episode we say give
us a one sentence synopsis of your question to wet our pallets this is what sam wrote
i need to hide an elderly person for about an hour for work advice
the floor is yours uh so for a bit of clarification uh yeah yeah
i do work at a retirement community great uh for retired assassins
assassins you have to hire uh okay this is for people touring the facility so you hire a cool
friend who shows up like hey i'm an old person too i hang here all the time well you seem cool
i'd love it if you stayed here at this old person house is that accurate no no okay fine uh instead
we have uh what is known as a code pink uh which no bummers right sam super no bummers uh it's uh
it's fun it's like hide and seek uh and we do have to drill it sometimes oh my god and i have
been tasked uh next week with drilling a code pink which is a missing elder oh so you hide
the elder and say where'd that elder go right exactly yeah yeah yeah okay yeah i'm actually
super all bored with that so you're this is you have to hire your own carmen sandiego
that's nothing it's something i could sorry okay so sam what are the qualifications you're looking
for in a mysterious elderly person now they're not asking about what type of person she's oh
that's important no wait this is actually important are you going to use a human prop
from the stock of elderly people that you have yes fantastic so first things first audition
yeah audition make them curl up in the tightest ball they can form and then this is important
see how long they can hold that ball right yes yeah they have to be able to just be in one place
for an hour for an hour who can mask their breathing the best an hour in a code pink an
hour is not ideal really no that seems like quite a long time yeah sam i guess i'm gonna be the one
to say why does it have to be an old person like i guess couldn't it be a sticker or a turkey or
a picture of sam rockwell or literally anything flag like a double dare flag yeah a flag you gotta
hide them in plain sight get all the olds together have them stand in the middle are you looking for
an old person to like cut up their credit cards and fucking bolt smash their cell phone on the
ground and run yeah hey i've got an idea send them to a movie it's the perfect crime what your your
staff will look all over that building and never find them catch me if you can we've asked you
several questions please give us the answer to all of them in order uh uh yes no uh that's all of
them us too i counted do they have any does the old person have any rules um that sentence was
fucking phenomenal i just want to know like i i could spare an hour like this sounds fun as hell
if i can do some ethan hunt old age makeup just like yeah it sounds fun how about record some old
person sounds put that recorder in like a closet right okay and then when they get there you open
and there's the first clue and then they're going to follow that old person comes up behind them
and grots them with piano wire fell for the oldest trick in the book idiot because i wrote it when i
was 10 because they're old thank you establish the age of the actual human being that we're talking
about yeah i mean we could just go down the list and ask you a number of hidey holes that you may
or may not have in this building how wide are the ledges outside the windows you don't know where
i'm going with it uh-huh you put the old person out there do you have do you have a koi pond and
a snorkel is there a laundry trunk they could smuggle onto sam i'm gonna say two words to you
grappling hooks surprisingly in high high quantity at a retirement community yeah oh it's all retired
batman yeah oh fake scarecrow hey here's here's a good way you find an old person on the outside
you say i'm gonna hire you for this gig and if you get caught you have to stay there
for good that'll make them hard to find you want to you want a slippery weasel it's hard to hard
to lock down that'll do it does that help oh yeah cool thank you okay we can go ahead and
bring that down those down outside thank you so much y'all are beautiful beautiful as i imagine
just we can't go on with the show please we'll freak out oh no okay all right
all right our object permanence is about to please turn them down there's so many
tell me when they're gone all right balcony's gone okay
all right uh sorry about drumming the table um we man has been so fun this has been fucking
great seriously san jose you have been fucking incredible fantastic you are back you're back
on the hit list yeah we were on our short list of like amazing to return two places
we will be back obviously more expensive the tickles the first taste is relatively cheap
yeah it's before fees it's a whole thing it's not our fault uh thank you to uh where to start
paul we'll start with paul this time thank you to our family storm dot horse if you want to
hear some of paul's music thank you to our families yes thank you thank you to uh amanda our
uh amazing business manager thank you to the city national civic for having us this venue kicks ass
thank you to saw bones thank you to saw bones and shmanners for uh their great work
uh thank you to griffin for not wearing this exact same shirt even though you own it dude pack it i
packed it also uh thank you uh if you didn't get a chance there may still be some out there i don't
know if they're selling afterwards but thank you to caleb cleveland for one of the most amazing
posters signed a bunch of them um we are we're leaving bright and early for salt lake city
tomorrow to continue our just raucous three day long tour uh and so we're not gonna be hanging
out afterwards because we have to go home to our families and then wake up early for a flight um but
uh i can't this has seriously been incredible we did not we've never played here before i didn't
know what to expect and you all have completely blown us away if you've never listened to my
brother my brother before you made it to the long winter space where a theme song is the departure
of the album if you never listened to our program you might not know this but griffin does a final
yahoo that we think about and we return to the next week to answer it and griffin is going to
read one of those for you right now this one was sent in by michelle thank you michelle
there are some books in the lobby thank you please buy all of them it's by yahoo answers user so2 who
asks why does eminem hide his smile my name is justin mcroy i'm travis mcroy my brother my brother
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported hey everybody this is jake
heath van stratton host of go fact yourself a live game show here in the maximum fun network
make sure to listen to our next episode of go fact yourself with guest kurt brownowler i did a show
in flagstaff arizona where the venue just didn't list that the show existed amazing uh and i and
it is the smallest crowd that i've ever done a full hour of stand up for it was three people
oh my god and sarah shaffer yes i love crafting it's my hobby i have a craft nook in my home you
do i do it has all my supplies displayed in an adorable manner wow yes yes applause applause
for that's go fact yourself here at maximum fun.org or wherever you get podcasts
