The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Welcome, my brother, my brother, and me to an advice show for the modern era,
and we on that time creep. If by we on that time creep you mean that this episode is going to be
hurried and rushed because I overslept by exactly one Gregorian hour,
then yeah, that's an accurate thing to say. I actually sprung forward two days,
and I had to run back to catch this episode. I also don't understand how time works.
Or introductions, either of you, so that's a great.
I actually introduced myself, but I did it in the hour that we lost, so no one will ever hear it.
I wish that that's how it worked. I wish that literally it was just an hour of time
edited out of the universe. It was for me last night trying to go to bed,
and it's like, ah, two, that seems, oops, three, nope, bad, did it bad.
You know, any crimes you commit in the witching hour, which is what it's called,
you get away with, but then it comes back to haunt you in the reverse witching hour,
which you have to live over twice. So just keep that in mind.
Can we just stop it?
It's really fucking silly.
Completely made up bullshit, is that what you mean?
It really rams home the fact that time itself and our measurement of it is absolute horse shit.
Not just time, right? All measurements.
All measurements are made up.
All measurements. Money, fucking, it's a, you know, man, the man, right?
Like business and politics, and like, Wall Street's not looking out for me,
and my bank, no thank you. My bank, I don't want it.
You know what I'm talking about? Like, savings and loans.
Yeah, right, exactly.
I don't know what's going on.
The government man is taking your time away, and he eats it.
Is this Obama's fault? Is Obama hoarding my time?
Do you know where that hour you lose goes?
It goes straight to the 1%, and they go out on a yacht, and they spend all the poor people time.
That's like that Justin Timberlake movie where they have the time in their arm,
and when it runs out, they die.
Where they keep looking at their watches.
And then Justin Timberlake is like, I'm going to instill a change in this unfair world,
and he does it with the power of his song and dance.
No, you haven't seen it, have you?
I did not see the film.
It's called Time to Sing and Dance.
Man, his new album's not very good.
Welcome to our pop music review cast.
Welcome to a music show.
Did you guys introduce yourself? Did you say your names?
I'm still Travis.
I am now and will always be Travis.
This is an advice show, so let's-
I'm Griffin.
Let's do that.
We're brothers.
I'm in college and recently had my first one night stand.
We were both pretty drunk and pretty-
Stop it. Stop it. You creepo.
Dear Penthouse, I never thought it would happen to me.
I had sex with a girl.
It was great.
Pretty drunk and it was pretty clean.
Stop it. What is this yo-yo creepy voice?
Stop doing it.
One night only thing.
We parted without exchanging numbers or even adding each other on Facebook.
Problem is I'm going to a party in the next few weeks
and I know the girl will be there.
I really want to go because it's a good friend's party
and I don't want to miss it just to avoid her,
but I really don't want to act when I see her.
Do I just act like nothing happened?
Do I acknowledge it in some way?
How do I stop it from being awkward?
And that's from Awkward in Adelaide.
Awkward in Adelaide.
Imagine my surprise to find that casual sex among acquaintances
can cause complications.
What do you know?
Who could have seen this coming?
Did you not see the two films that were literally identical shot for shot
that came out in like the same week?
Friends with Benefits and then the other one that was like Friends with Benefits.
Mm-hmm. Acquaintances with Bonuses.
Friends with Dental, I think is what it is.
Yeah, this sucks.
Also, why do you think we would know?
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
Dear my Bim Bam, I don't know the proper way to polish all of my ivory.
I don't know either.
Regata Magazine.
I mean you...
Okay, I think that if you are cool,
it is safe to assume that this person is also cool.
There's no reason to attach or I think maybe you can project
some sort of emotional connection that this person had or didn't have.
Like I don't think you need to assume.
They wrote into an internet advice podcast though to add
this is how concerned they are when the cool ship sailed
and then was boarded by pirates and burned into the ocean.
No, I'm not saying that this person is aboard the SS Cool.
I'm saying that if they're worrying about it and if they're worrying about it,
they're assuming that the other person is more emotionally invested than they are.
And considering that they've made no effort to contact you,
maybe the dick wasn't that good for them.
Wow.
Justin.
So I guess what Justin's point is that you're really bad at sex.
Maybe the more pressing concern is that you have not had any repeat business
to the dick store.
Maybe is the thing that you should worry about.
Dear my bim-bam, there's this guy who did not give it to me right
and then I'm gonna see him at a party.
Do I tell him?
No, you don't.
Please don't tell that man.
You tell everyone else.
Tell everyone else and warn them that he's not gonna give you the dick right.
This seems...
This seems... I think that we foster a kind of a rapport with our community,
which usually, typically, it does not involve us making fun of their dicks.
Okay, fair enough.
You can get...
Your balls are weird.
Why don't you go to extremechains.com and get a bigger dick to put on your dick.
Just put it on top of it.
It's like a dick suit for your dick.
Like Dick Kighton.
Dick Kighton was the greatest college football coach this country has ever seen.
And I will take that to my grave.
Dick Kighton, I love you.
You're like a second father to me.
Go blue and orange.
I think what you definitely...
You definitely don't want to act like it didn't happen.
That's...
That seems awfully cruel to give her the,
oh, do I know you?
Like, that's bad.
That's what Dick Kighton would call shutting in the punt.
The problem with your unsatisfying lovemaking is that you did not shunt it in the punt.
That's what she was waiting for.
That's like her favorite thing.
It's 2013, man.
Everybody's shunting in the punt.
You just assume that there should be some punt shunting.
One with hope, right?
Between friends.
It's such an innocuous phrase until viewed through the lens of coitus.
I think that you...
I think that you should not worry about it.
You gotta be confident.
Cool and confident.
This person's giving you no reason.
If they were calling and, you know, there was some relationship that had ended here,
I could see it.
But like, you had casual one night stand sex and no one wanted to reach out afterwards.
Or maybe she was waiting for you too and she was heartbroken that you didn't.
There's really no way of knowing until you just go to the party and find out.
And maybe while you're there, ask her if the dick was good.
Just I'm saying, just ask.
Give her a comment card to fill out.
God.
I wanted to let you get back to the party, but if you could just take this brief survey.
Let me get my clipboard.
Bit of advice.
Bit of advice.
Give it on a scale of one to ten because one to five leaves so little room for specificity.
Because, you know, like there's such a big difference between a seven and an eight.
But if it's a five scale, I'm just saying that on your sex comment cards, make it one to ten people.
I actually use a 100 point scale.
So the convert the conversion over to Metacritic is more like it's more equal.
You know what I mean?
That is nice.
You have an opportunity.
You might be able to turn this into a two night stand.
And then how I met your mother.
And then you're married.
Now I know what you're thinking.
What is he thinking?
He's thinking, I thought this was a casual one night stand,
but it could be a casual like one thousand night stand.
Maybe you could just casually keep having sex and then casually
have kids together and casually grow old together.
Just keep it totally casually.
Get on each other's health insurance.
Casually die side by side like in the end of the notebook.
Where are you going to bury me?
I don't know.
I don't want to get tied down.
Make a big deal out of this.
I'm just dying next to you.
We're just getting we have two graves that happen to be adjacent.
It doesn't mean anything.
Listen, you're free to die next to somebody else too.
If you want.
I am too.
It's free.
It's open.
It's easy.
Breezy.
Beautiful.
Yes, absolutely.
How about this one?
It's sent by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
That was good.
You were in good form today.
Thanks.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Rose who asks.
Any ideas on how a dog should carry the rings for a simple beach wedding?
My fiancee and I are planning to have a simple beach wedding.
We love dogs and want our dog to be the ring bearer.
I'm just looking for ways she can carry the rings without using a pillow.
I really want to put the rings in a ball or something.
Has anyone heard or seen how a ball, stick, rope can be used for this purpose?
Any other creative ideas?
Thank you for your input.
How big are your dog's nipples?
Oh, good question.
Bad question.
The worst question.
The anti-question is what it is.
Have your dog eat the rings and then shit them out in front of you.
A little bit, everybody.
One second.
Don't look at her.
If you look at her, she won't do it.
I'm giving you a sneak preview of Hangover 3.
Just everybody relax.
This is total nonsense.
We love dogs and we love farcical sitcom scenarios.
There's just so many fucking variables.
You spent so much time, because I know, because I'm deep in the shit of planning this special
day, so much time and money, and then you're going to leave one of the more important
aspects of the ceremony completely to chance to your stupid ass dog.
Yep.
This is, like, Chase and I have had a couple different conversations about this.
We've opted out of Flower Girl.
We've opted out of, like, Ring Bear for this very reason.
When have you ever been to a wedding and seen either a dog or a child just seem super excited
to be participating?
Or when have you ever left a wedding where a child, or Christ forbid a dog, carries the
rings down the aisle and after the wedding you were like, man, that thing went off without
a hitch.
Right?
That was a ship.
That train was running right on time.
They were definitely not crying or peeing on anything.
They got those rings down to their intended target in a quick, efficient, and honestly
professional manner.
And their mother definitely didn't have to carry them down the aisle and make it seem
just like child torture.
Yeah, when have they even made it to the end of their job?
Even if they had done really shitty, I've never seen a child make it all the way down
the aisle.
They always have to, like, fucking lie down.
Take a nap right there.
And then you gotta wait for half an hour until they're done with their nap while everyone
stays really quiet.
It's not your wedding anymore.
It's Stevie's wedding.
It's Stevie's nap.
And then Stevie has to get married to the dog that's the ring bearer.
Yeah, you're having your wedding on the beach.
That in and of itself is already a high risk.
High seagull.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
A human being, it can close, they can retract their fingers over the rings when a seagull
comes up hunting.
A dog has no recourse.
A dog will just sit there.
That would be an epic battle.
Ring bearer dog versus flock of seagulls.
This is the biggest problem with dogs that we've dulled their instincts against seagulls
of protecting rings.
So you're saying you need to get a wolf to be your ring bearer.
When dog wolves, when wolves came over on the boat from Egypt, they were originally
bred to defend rings from avians, more pterodactyls in those days.
But that was the original use of dogs.
And we have just beaten that out of them with years of potty training and beatings.
So I think what you gotta do is you gotta double up.
You get a dog, ring bearer, and then you get a falcon security guard for the dog.
Okay.
And maybe the falcon can ride on the dog.
Maybe you wanna be, oh, it's gonna be hard to get that ring over that falconer's glove.
I guess if you use it in your offhand.
The priest has to do the falcon.
Okay.
Well, but then again, you're trying to get people out of the ceremony to the party as
quick as you can.
Well, see, then the falcon sets in on crowd control.
And you say, falcon, if anyone hesitates, go for the eyeballs.
If anyone gets up to, this is taking too long.
I'm saying, squee!
Okay.
Well, I guess I can-
God, if you could get a falcon attack somewhere into your wedding.
No, everyone would have to stop weddings.
We'd have to be like, well, and that was how weddings ended.
The end.
Because it would be, no one would ever be able to top a falcon attack at your wedding.
Plus, pay for the honeymoon with that America's Funniest Home Video dough.
Thanks, Tom Bergeron.
I don't think Tom Bergeron would endorse a video where a falcon attacked an old woman
in the face.
I don't think that's chuckle-worthy.
And now America's Serious Home Videos.
Everyone bow your head for a moment.
Oh, I would watch that show.
I would watch that too.
I would have to say that Man Sits Quietly in the Corner was the most serious video tonight.
$10,000.
You guys have not watched much AFV lately.
This show is so desperate for anyone, anyone to shoot video of anything.
When this show debuted, everyone's dad had a video camera the size of like a stationary
bicycle slung over their shoulder.
Everyone was filming everything.
Now, do you know how hard it is to do that show and just avoid thinking about YouTube
for 30 minutes?
Like to try to forget?
Which leads to awkward situations and Tom's like, hey everybody, have you seen this Star
Wars kid?
You're going to love the cut of this little kid's gym.
He's got a little pole.
He's like, it's Jedi.
There's $10,000 Star Wars kid.
I'm 30.
I am a lawyer.
Thank you.
I will use this for my startup.
It's called YouTube 2.
It's the next one.
If you don't have a ring bear, how do you do the rings?
I guess just the best man and the best woman?
Like just have them?
If I understand correctly, the ring bearers have not been actually carrying the rings
for a long time.
I think that they've got dummies.
Yeah, they got a dummy pillow.
Because it's usually like a little kid that you wouldn't trust with thousands of dollars.
But why?
This is a little kid that draws on the wall.
You're going to give him the only thing that makes you married?
Yeah, well, yeah, no, you're right.
That is the only.
Right?
That's it.
They're like power rings.
It's like the ring, it is like the one ring.
If it falls off, you're not married anymore.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Although, to be fair, if a baby ring bearer did take my rings and throw them into Mordor,
I think that I would have to honor that.
Oh, yeah.
I'd have to say, okay, baby.
Well, that's, you got me there.
That's a good one.
If the baby puts the ring on, you're married to the baby.
Yeah, it's a tricky situation.
It is.
Then the fuzz can get you.
You can argue entrapment, but if that baby put that ring on of his own free will,
you don't have a fucking leg.
Listen, I mean, it's the same if the dog puts the ring on.
I mean, you're dealing with a powder keg one way or the other.
Well, unless you're in, there are several states where that would be fine.
If a baby puts the one ring on, you're not finding that bastard ever again.
He's gone.
If you see a baby put the one ring on, you better open every bag of flour you can find
and just start throwing it in the air.
In the off chance that some of the flakes will land on his curls, so you can maybe see some
sort of silhouette.
Because if not, you will never find that baby again.
Babies don't want to be caught.
Baby's invisible now.
He's happy.
He's out there.
He's living life.
Precious.
So right now, I'm writing the script to Hollow Man 3.
It's sort of like Hollow Man, you know, Hollow Man with Kevin Bacon.
But what if instead of Kevin Bacon, we put some Baby's Day Out heat in there?
Okay.
So that's all I've got so far.
That's the start of the goof.
I've only got the one paragraph.
You've got a great elevator pitch.
Now you just need to flush it out.
Yeah, I've seen more scripts picked up on spec for less than that.
The good news is-
Son of the Mask was just like four words.
It was just like, mask, but with kids.
Following the adventures of an invisible baby would be a cost-effective movie, I think.
Well, you guys can't see this, but boy howdy.
It is hilarious.
This is a precarious situation.
All you see is the cookie jar just fell over.
But what you didn't see was the hour of antics leading up to it.
If you can get a baby to wrap itself in bandages and put on sunglasses,
like in memoirs of an invisible man, you might have a box office smash.
Or if you have an invisible baby walk into a lady's bathroom,
watch her take a shower like in Hollow Man, then you're an evil person.
In this movie that I'm also acting as cast director,
I gotta get Daniel Day-Lewis as the invisible bandit.
I think that you guys are trying to write a comedy,
and I'm writing the worst horror movie ever.
Yeah, because all my favorite comedies star Daniel Day-Lewis.
My left foot, my left-
My left giant foot.
My left can't stop laughing, too.
I didn't know how he would do playing Mo, Larry, and Curly,
but once they got all the computer effects in there,
you really could not tell that it was just him.
And I loved him in There Will Be Blood in Feces.
Yeah, because that is more serious.
You moved away from comedy.
You moved-
I'm laughing.
He was in Last of the Lolhekens.
Is that appropriate?
Is that a thing we can do?
I think that the sequel to There Will Be Blood
would just be called Milkshakes.
It's just him, and he's been acquitted for the murder
that takes place at the end of There Will Be Blood.
He's been acquitted, and he opens up his own milkshake stand
and gets in all kinds of milkshakes.
But then a rival milkshake stand opens across the street,
and they have to have a dance-off.
And then he burns it the fuck down and kills the guy's kid.
Two stars.
Two stars.
Would not watch again.
Let's do another question here.
When I met my girlfriend a few years back,
I inherited a load of her friends, most of whom are cool.
There are two in particular who we've especially-
sorry, who we're especially close to.
We see them regularly,
and they are awesome people to hang out with.
The trouble is that they both insist on calling me
by my surname all the time, which really pisses me off.
I don't think my surname is particularly odd,
so it's not like it's embarrassing to be called in public,
but it's still not how I like to be addressed.
They even write it on birthday cards, which is really bizarre.
And I've never introduced myself by just my surname,
and no one else insists on calling me by it,
so I don't know where this comes from.
Am I wrong for getting so annoyed at this?
How do I tell them to stop it without coming across
like a massive dick and upsetting two of my best friends?
And that's from Miss Nomar in Manchester.
I don't get it.
To me, I think calling somebody by their surname
is like the ultimate endearment ever.
You know, in college, I would say like half of our friends
were just called by their surnames.
Yeah.
Like I had so many friends that were just-
I knew them as that, like I was known as McElroy.
It was really weird when I'd come home from school
and people would call me Travis.
It really kind of threw me off for four years.
I don't see anything wrong with it.
Well, but he doesn't like it.
I mean, it's irrelevant.
He doesn't dig on it.
But it sounds like a personal problem,
because once you have a name, you know,
once you become like,
ah, it's Nut Chuckles, then like you're Nut Chuckles,
and there's nothing you can do to reverse that.
I don't know why you'd be called Nut Chuckles.
Pardon, are you saying his last name is Nut Chuckles?
No, I'm saying like, that's a nickname.
But like, regardless, if your name is Carl,
and people call you Carl, you can't be like,
guys, I'd actually prefer to be called by my surname,
which is Nut Chuckles.
Well, I'm fucking confusing the whole thing.
Once you introduce the idea, I think that once you say,
like, I don't like that name, I like this other name,
you've either A, like absolutely,
if it was me, you would have absolutely submitted that
from now until the end of time,
that is what you will be referred to.
Or two, it's gonna be this weird thing,
where they'll call you Nut Chuckles,
and then, oh, I'm sorry, Daniel.
Right.
It's gonna be awkward.
Daniel Day-Lewis.
Daniel Day-Lewis Nut Chuckles is the thing.
The time to bring this up was a million times ago
when they first said it.
Yeah.
Yeah, because now it's like,
why, I've been doing this for years.
Right?
I've been calling you Nut Chuckles for years,
and now I'm just a dick.
You've gotta just one day, out of nowhere, just snap.
Stop it!
Stop it, no!
Just stop!
Start the sentence with, for the last time.
And they're like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And you're like, I have told you guys a million times.
You haven't told us any, any times!
It is David, it has always been David,
it will always be David.
I would say that if they're not doing it maliciously,
if there's nothing, like if you didn't ask them not to,
and they keep doing it,
in any way getting upset about it or saying something,
it's just gonna make them feel awful.
It's gonna make them feel bad.
It's not gonna be worth it.
Just suck it up.
You can get used to anything, trust me.
Whether it's being called, not chuckles,
or the butt, or anything.
You can get used to anything.
Those are your two examples?
Not chuckles or the butt?
I don't think, are you saying you can get used
to being called the butt,
or were you saying something far more?
No, you can just get used to the butt.
You get used to that stuff.
Oh, okay.
You get used to the butt.
You get used to the butt.
Take it from me, ladies, and so inclined gentlemen,
you get used to the butt.
You get used to the butt.
And some dogs.
And some dogs.
And some dogs.
And chairs.
Do you guys want to go to the Money Zone?
Yeah.
Trav, you got this message here.
Who's it for?
It's from my dear friend, Andrew Mead.
I didn't know you two were so close.
Oh, super tight.
Who's the message from, though?
That's the real question.
Oh, it's from some jokers, Michael Pertil and Tyron Bicknell.
I don't know who they are,
but they claim to know my dear friend, Andrew Mead.
Sound like they on some Game of Thrones shit with those names.
I like that.
Yeah, which, are you House Bicknell or House Pertil?
Dear Endazzle, I'm assuming that's their nickname for Andrew.
I don't call him that.
Happy birthday.
Good luck in the new year.
May your lightsaber always ignite to full strength
so you can open her blast doors.
You're a true match tonight, Ty and Mike.
Is the lightsaber his dick?
Good one, Trav.
I think you really pieced that one together.
Good job, Columbo.
Thank you.
One more thing.
Is the lightsaber your dick?
Yeah.
Ma'am, if I may.
If I may.
One more thing, ma'am.
One more thing.
Well, the blaster was her vagina.
End of episode.
Get that man out of here.
That's the shortest best friend I'm sorry.
I just wanna, let's talk more about her vagina.
Get out of here, Columbo.
Jesus, my mother is dying over it.
No, I just wanna, what was it about the lightsaber dick again?
I wear a trenchcoat.
What did you expect?
I'm so close.
Look at this eye.
I have both moral and physiological reservations about this happy birthday message.
Because it's never been my experience, I don't wanna get too blue, but he's saying that you're boner.
I hope that, first of all, this is a public radio kind of thing.
So like there's a lot of people listening.
You just hope that your friend can get his dick hard enough to give you a boner.
Hard enough to get inside of a vagina.
And you made it worse.
I think the greatest sin is you made us complicit in that.
That's what I think really stings here.
You made us complicit in wishing your friend's dick hard.
It is a breach of trust.
Yes, Travis, that's correct.
Speaking of getting your dick hard to get inside of a vagina.
That was, by the way, possibly the most fluid transition.
Except for this thing that I'm saying right now.
That was the most fluid transition.
Until we acknowledged it.
It was pretty sweet.
You can head over to ExtremeStrengths.com and get yourself a penis pump kit.
You can put it on your wiener and then it goes suck, suck, suck, suck, suck.
And it gets you some penis gains.
And some Chris gains.
And some performance.
The penis pump, you can program it to play Chris gains.
To scare your boner away forever.
You'll sit there so confused.
Why does he have a soul patch?
Why does he have a soul patch?
This motherfucker looks exactly like Garth Brooks.
Ah, my dick's gone.
My dick ran away.
Bye, dick.
See ya, dick.
They have so many pleasure tools for you.
We need to decide on a new coupon code.
I know, what's the new coupon code?
Our last coupon code.
By the way, guys, we love you.
Don't fucking leak this shit.
Because we leaked, somebody leaked midlist to coupon sites.
And now we gotta start over with a new coupon code.
And we're gonna forget and keep saying midlist.
And everyone's gonna be sad.
And listen, leaking is a serious issue.
Yeah.
So let me recommend a butt plug.
Available.
Sydney said that I couldn't use Pontifex.
Yeah.
Well, she's a good Catholic.
How?
So it doesn't make any sense.
Just pick a word now, Justin.
Look around the room.
Pick a word that has nothing to do with the show.
Jumbo condoms.
I'm just looking around the room.
Man in the corner.
My good friend Dana Carvey.
Did you guys know I'm good friends with Dana Carvey?
It's not a big deal.
I don't like talking about it.
But I am really good friends with Dana Carvey.
Sports car keys.
Peebo Bryson.
He's here.
Sex trophies.
Mel Brooks.
Melva toast.
Melva toast.
So just type in the coupon code Melva toast.
You get 20% off all of your bread goods.
Okay.
I got a great.
I got the coupon code.
You ready for this?
Yes.
Garfield.
How about sexy Garfield?
Use a coupon code sexy Garfield.
All one word.
All one word.
Wait, what is actually the coupon code?
Sexy Garfield.
Okay.
Use the coupon code sexy Garfield.
And you're going to save 20%.
All one word.
You're going to save 20% on all your, I don't know, whatever weird thing you buy.
You can save 20% on it.
No matter how weird you are, you still like to save money.
And that's what you're going to do at Extreme Machinists.com.
It's an adult superstore.
Get there.
Use the coupon code sexy Garfield and save yourself 20%.
Let's move on.
Hey, everybody.
My name is Dave Shamka.
And I'm Graham Clark.
And we are the hosts of a show called Stop Podcasting Yourself,
right here on the Maximumfun.org network.
We're the first ever Canadian podcast to win a Canadian comedy award for best podcast.
I think we went with that too early.
I think we seem braggy.
It's a weekly comedy show, a very easygoing chat between Dave, myself, guests.
We'll talk about things that we've overheard during the week and also Hulk Hogan.
Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Head over to Maximumfun.org to download an episode today.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, I do.
This Yahoo was sent in by John Davis.
No, it wasn't.
It was.
Big fan of the show.
Big fan of the show.
Please don't use sexy Garfields.
I can't believe that just happened.
Is John Davis the Garfield guy?
Yeah.
Of course he is.
Jim Davis.
Jim Davis.
Yeah, that's right.
Jim Davis is the Garfield.
His friends call him John.
Okay.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Lord Donald Farnsworth who asks,
what do you dislike most about people who don't own horses?
I am also including people who lease horses.
For me, it is that they are always trying to get into the horse scene
when they clearly don't belong there.
These horse poseurs.
I think what I really love about this question is the pretension.
Yeah.
Yeah, to say if you lease a horse, your bond with that particular equestrian
is not as strong as somebody who wholesale owns that motherfucker.
And that's my biggest problem is you don't understand horse love.
I also didn't know you could lease living beings.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, of course.
Man, I got a sweet down payment on a cat.
Couple more months, I'm gonna own that baby.
Few more payments.
Yeah, I just hope the repo man doesn't come to-
You know what I'm saying?
Man, you don't make the payments on your cat, I gotta take your cat.
No, but I was gonna make it, I was so glad.
I'm sorry, Mr. Whiskers is coming with us.
Unless you can answer these three trivia questions.
I'm sorry, what repo reality shows are you watching?
Have you not seen repo quiz?
What's that fucking show called?
It's an actual show where they're like,
we're gonna take your car unless you can answer these three questions.
Is it repo games?
Is it repo games? Is that right?
No, that's the slice of the lemon movie.
Guys, what do you dislike most about people who don't own horses?
The smell.
Of them?
I guess.
They don't smell like the leathery oil of a horse's back?
I'm just saying that they don't look like they've been riding a horse all day.
I hate that.
If you're gonna buy a horse, you need to-
You know what I hate?
I hate those short boots that people who don't own horses wear.
Get some long boots, you know, with spurs.
Yeah.
I hate how they never yell like, yeah!
Or kachoms.
Or a sippy-ed up.
Zip it up, horsey.
Let's do this horse friend.
Can we not kickstart a horse?
Guys.
Are you saying that-
Guys, hold on.
Are you talking about revving up the engine?
We gotta get out of here.
And that's the sound of it idling.
Jon Bon Jovi, I'm not making a shitty metaphor between a horse and a motorcycle.
What I'm saying to you is-
Wait, he wasn't riding an actual steel horse?
Oh my god.
That would make it the fucking best song.
On my cybernetic horse!
I ride the wastelands with my katana.
With my vibra sword.
And my emerald visor.
I smoke a pack of nano stems.
Oh my god.
Oh, Jon.
Somebody write that, baby.
I've seen a million faces and I process them for fuel for my metal horse.
I'm a cowboy.
I sell water at a great profit.
The land is not a myth.
So, no.
We've talked about kickstarting a European tour before.
We've talked about kickstarting a trip to London and Scotland and all that stuff.
And I don't know if enough people would want to kickstart for that to happen.
But I do know that if we made a kickstarter to buy a horse that would be owned by us,
the MBM nation, I think people would really get on board with this.
Hold up, hold up, hold up.
So you're not just talking about a horse that you and Travis and I would share.
You were talking about everybody throw down a fiver on this horse.
And then based on the different reward tiers,
you would get a minute or two on our collective horse.
Well, no, no, no, no.
So like the world would own this horse.
It would belong to all of us.
But really, us.
So like specifically, us.
Like any good kickstarter, it would give people the feeling of being invested
without actually the chance of any sort of return on that investment.
But if you pay in at the highest level, you get the choicest cuts of meat.
Once the horse is dead, you will, of course, get like a $20 donation.
Or maybe you could get a hooves.
And there is no sweeter meat than the meat of a horse
that we have been aging beneath us for decades.
I just think that I would really love it if we owned a horse
and then just had like a series of photos of like the horse listening to our podcast.
The horse chilling out on a beanbag chair.
But never like ridden.
The horse inevitably and quickly dying.
Because what the fuck do we know?
Because we fed it like, you know, red stripe.
You like greasy cups?
Ah, fuck.
We need a second kickstarter.
I gave him a bunch of red vines and now he's dead.
Launch the sequel to our first kickstarter.
And it's called Oops, We Did It Again.
Oops, We Gave Our Horse Diabetes.
And Diarrhea.
Diabetes Horse 2013.
I want to give him-
That was his name.
I want to give a horse red vines.
I bet he'd love them.
I bet he would like them.
And then I bet he would diarrhea.
Diarrhea is hard.
The horse might wrap this carrot in red vines and bacon.
You are welcome.
Enjoy this culinary treat.
Justin, you were saying how hard, how hard with this horse diarrhea?
I feel like you were, you know, there was more to that thought.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt the quantification of how hard the horse with diarrhea.
I think we would not be popular amongst other horse owners.
I feel like we would not fit into whatever sort of socioeconomic circle that is.
We would be like Rodney Dangerfield in Caddyshack.
Yes, exactly.
Or Rodney Dangerfield in anything.
We would be the animal house in like the yacht race of the boat that we built ourselves.
Diabetes horse?
Your horse diarrhea-ed on my horse and now I lost all the contests ever.
We would get in there first and, guys, clear something up for us.
We know none of you are the actual dean, but we do have to thwart someone.
So whichever one of you is closest to the dean, just let us know so we can thwart them, please.
I just assume everybody who owns a horse has been the dean of some institution in their lives.
And we roll up in our big sunglasses and sweatshirts and red vines.
The twist of the story is that rather than having a scrappy horse that ends up
showing up all the rich guy horses, ours will actually die.
Listen, man, maybe we know just a little bit more than you about horses.
Also, we're going to have to back out of the big race because our horse is dead.
Uh-oh, that can only mean one thing, us in a horse costume winning the race at the end.
Oh!
Who saw this coming?
Wait for it.
And then we have to build a cybernetic horse to win the race.
On a horse made of brothers I ride!
Guys, I don't want to, you know, I don't want to break your spirit, but horses are very fast.
Then the odds of you running faster than a horse in a horse costume are...
Low.
Given what you're forgetting, is we want it the most.
Haven't you seen the end of Cool Runnings?
It'll dis-
Right?
Oh, the movie ends with us carrying the horse on our shoulders over the finish line.
You can finish diabetes, Doug!
I believe in you!
That horse is dead.
That horse has been dead for 30 minutes.
Get up!
Get off Diabetes Horse 2013!
I got red vines waiting for you!
The revenge of the nerds guys who run in and start plugging electrodes into him like,
don't worry, we'll fix him with science!
You won't.
You won't.
You can't.
How about another question?
How that guy be, guys?
Good.
I'm in my first year of teaching high school.
I told my girlfriend that I looked up some of my students on Facebook.
She thought this was really creepy.
It's not like I read all their wall posts or look through their pictures.
I basically just looked at their profile picture and moved on to the next student.
And she agreed that it wouldn't be weird to do this if I had started a new job and looked
at the profiles of my co-workers, but still thought it was creepy to do to students.
Is she right?
That's from creeping in Cali?
There's a question mark there to leave it open to interpretation whether or not the
person is actually creepy.
Is it open to interpretation?
Because it seems like the answers are pretty cut and dry, yeah.
Yeah.
It's pretty creepy.
Imagine it this way.
If one of your students was in the room with you, or Jesus was in the room, or a co-worker
was in the room, would you squeeze on the Facebook profiles of your students?
I imagine you would not.
Yeah.
I have a hard enough time looking at Facebook profiles of people I know and not feeling
weird.
Yeah.
I also imagine that when I was...
I guess I was in high school right before Facebook.
Facebook sort of came up while I was in high school, but it didn't really permeate my school.
My teachers had been like, hey, Griffin, it seems like you had a really great time at
that party.
And by party, I mean youth group, probably.
That would weird me the fuck out.
I would not dig on that.
Hey, Griffin, I also really like fallout boy.
High five.
All right.
All right, teach.
Would have been reliant K at that point.
Griffin, I also think Jesus rocks.
High five.
Griffin, I too am lino.
Let's...
Reliant K deep cut for a reliant K joke everybody can enjoy.
Man, don't do this thing.
Don't do this thing.
This just stinks.
I feel like you're throwing off the balance.
But then again, maybe not.
You watch a Good Will Hunting.
You watch a Good Will Hunting.
Or you watch a Stand and Deliver.
Or you watch that other one.
Here Comes the Boom.
You watch that Here Comes the Boom with Kevin Smith.
What happened with Kevin James, you dumbass?
Kevin James versus Kevin Smith is the last fight.
Last fight.
It's just like two pieces of ham just swinging together.
We decide to see Here Comes the Boom.
Someone was making this choice.
Paul Blart, I get it.
I've got to see that.
He's like, it's ridiculous.
His name is so funny it sounds like fart.
Like, I'm with you guys.
I'm with you on that.
But listen, back to my point.
Okay, back to your point.
Where's Blart too?
You watch these films.
These teachers, they know their fucking students so much.
And they use that shit.
Okay, all right, here we go.
Finding Forrester, right?
Which is the unofficial sequel to Good Will Hunting.
Finding Forrester.
Sean Connery had a hard time connecting with his youth.
You know what I mean?
Trying to teach him how to write, trying to express.
So he learns some terms of phrase that he would use
when he was playing basketball.
Like, you're the man now, dog.
And punch the keys for God's sakes.
Both of which are catch phrases that they would use
with his friends.
You know what I mean?
He connected with him.
He formed an honest, earnest connection.
And then he taught him how to punch the keys for God's sakes.
I am so, do you know how close you're the man now, dog,
was to slipping off of my mind table for like forever?
And you have just saved me from that terrible fate
because that is flooding back to me now.
And it is really funny that he said that.
It is really great.
It is quite possibly the funniest line in cinematic history.
It is hard to top.
You're the man now, dog.
You're the man now, dog.
You're the man now, dog.
You're the man now, dog.
Isn't that what you say?
Can we make another Highlander before he dies, please?
Please, I'll give anything.
Just make a dozen more things.
But that connection is what I'm saying.
And Facebook can facilitate that.
You can sit down with somebody and be like,
yeah, I know, Evanescence, let's talk about your math.
And then they're more receptive to your math advice.
Griffin, watch like any special on Lifetime or 60 Minutes
or True Investigations, whatever,
the stories that involve teachers and students
that begin with, and then the two connected on Facebook,
never end with like, and she got an A.
Well, that's the thing.
They can never know.
And that makes it creepier, I confess.
But they can never know that they got an A.
And never know that you know about their Evanescence love
because you creeped on their soc.
It sounds like you're saying to lean into it.
I'm saying either run the fuck away
or lean into it on the sneaky creep.
Regardless, you tell your girlfriend,
like, you're right, it is creepy, I'm gonna stop.
And then you do it in secret
because you gotta make those Finding Forrester connections.
It's so important.
Honey, you don't understand.
I gotta shape them.
I gotta shape them.
These are my children.
These are my babies.
I gotta, they're like my little eggs.
I don't know why it went from like a Sean Connery impression
to like a Nicolas Cage impression.
Man, that movie would've been so, so, so, so much better
with Nicolas Cage in it.
Oh my God, it's not even close
to how much better that movie would've been.
Man now, dog.
Hey, hey, man.
Hey, which one of your men is the dog?
And also Tim Allen is there as the shaggy dog.
There is the shaggy dog.
Oh God, I wanna write this movie, an invisible baby.
So Tim Allen's the shaggy dog.
John Travolta is there as old dogs.
And they're all riding robot horses.
DDL, DDL's in the mix, or is he?
Because he's an invisible baby.
Nick Cage is there and he's a teacher
who's probably cocaine addled.
That's a subtext I feel like that runs through,
runs underneath like the sewer system
of every film that Nicolas Cage is in.
And the movie's called Bad Lieutenant,
but now he's also a teacher.
From now on, I think instead of saying
Hollywood is out of ideas,
people should just start saying
Hollywood doesn't listen to my bim bam.
Because it's like we have opened wide our blast doors
waiting for your lightsabers of cinematic ingenuity
to tear us wide open.
Oh God.
Oh Jesus.
That's gonna stay with me.
That imagery.
It is like a spicy hot dog.
And the taste of it will linger.
Oh wait, what?
Oh, what?
Yeah.
Wait, did you just have a seizure?
I was wondering if you meant like Hollywood's dick
was like a spicy hot dog or like...
Hollywood's dick is a spicy hot dog.
That's a spicy meatball.
You guys know that one?
Time to make the donuts.
Do they want to add?
We got it.
Cut, print, that's a wrap.
That's a wrap.
That's a great podcast that everyone can enjoy.
You are getting Adele, right?
Dude, you just met Adele.
Dude, you got Adele tickets.
Dude, you're Adele.
Adele, and I really enjoyed that song, Skyfall.
The Skymall.
Stop, end, stop it, end it.
There you go, Weird Al.
Cut it.
You are welcome.
I know that you are constantly on the lookout for your ideas.
Skymall, welcome.
Hollywood doesn't listen to Bim Bam.
Weird Al doesn't listen to Bim Bam.
We're opening the doors for you.
It's all there.
Just come pick these lilies.
This has been my brother, My Brother and Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
We hope you've enjoyed whatever that was.
We are here every Monday, usually.
And we really appreciate people tweeting about the show,
like Jan Villarosa, Emily Nancy Jean, Mark Payne,
Bat Manson, David Meowie, Shane Element, Tickerburn.
Sorry, what?
Tickerburn?
I don't know.
Is it just all consonants?
Owen McBride, yes.
Owen McBride, Platt, Raymond News.
Oliver Platt.
Oliver Platt, in my dreams.
So thank you to everybody who's tweeting.
If you do tweet about the show, throw in a link to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's my Bim Bam.
When is that sequel coming?
I feel like it's really brewing.
It's getting close.
If only it were up to us.
I know.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, which is It's a Departure,
which is off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's just, you know, you ever listen to the radio
and you're like, this isn't my rock and roll.
This is your rock and roll.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
It's rock and roll for equestrian fanatics like ourselves and like you.
It says that in the liner notes.
Also, it is such an exciting time over at Max Fun headquarters.
We just added two new shows to the Max Fun lineup.
One Bad Mother with Theresa Thorn and the Dave Hill podcasting incident.
It's epic.
So check it out.
I'm so thrilled that we are linked even tangentially to Dave Hill.
I think he's hysterical.
Do you guys want a final?
Yeah.
Lay it on us, big man.
You're the man now, dog.
Oh, you beat me to it.
Damn you.
You're the man now, dog.
Wait, damn it.
Make these fucking donuts, Griffin.
Come on.
It is past daylight savings time to make the donuts.
Griffin, where's the beef?
That was so good.
Who's the beef?
Who's the man now, dog?
I'm stuck.
We have to pay so many licensing fees.
Darlene, we have to talk about this podcast you recommended to me.
I did not enjoy it.
They talked about earning horses with Dragon Relay.
I am going to come to your houses and eat your fucking computers.
I'm going to eat your fucking computers nut by bolt.
Time to make the computers.
This one is sent in by Ira Ray.
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Alice Chaos, who asks, Goofus or Gallant?
Who is hotter?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
