The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Starting next month to my friends and I will be moving into a new house together
Each of us will have our own bedroom, but there's an extra medium-sized room downstairs
No one will be using the room has no egress window
So we don't want to make it into a bedroom got some code issues there dig it
But we're at a loss for what we should do with it
I was hoping the brothers could come give us ideas about what we could do with this extra space any thoughts
That's from many problem in Minneapolis
P.s. For what it's worth. We're all guys
hot guys
Sincerely Chad Braden blaze a
Blizz three and blaze three hot bros Blizz blaze and blunts
Just kidding two losses the goofy one. Yeah, the goofy, but it's still super fucking kind of gorgeous. Great work blunts
Blunts he's Austrian guys. I didn't know I
I didn't know egress windows were a thing because when the first apartment we lived in in the 13th story
Which is great just for starters just in terms of fiery luck
We made Eric sleep in that one room that didn't have any windows in it. I
Think once you're on the 13th floor Griffin, you don't have to worry about egress windows
Yeah, I don't think that's gonna do you much good at that point. So how about this?
lock the door to said room after filling it with like like
Child's bedroom furniture that you've covered in dust and cobwebs
You're just leaving a little surprise for the next person that tries to remodel this place every time your friends come up
We go. Oh, I want a tour of your house. Yeah. This is the kitchen. Here's the living room our bedrooms upstairs
What's in that room? We don't go in we don't go in that go in there not since the boat accident
Can you to make this the longest and best con Travis? You just took that idea to ten?
I'm about to take it just a little bit farther to 11
Can you wallpaper over the door to that room?
Cuz then nobody's gonna then nobody's gonna find it for 40 goddamn years and it's gonna have a level of authenticity
At that point that I think is just in the center of the room copy of Jumanji. Oh
The movie
That's great, that's real great that's too funny
That can be where you smoke all your pot
That's always important
Drug room just drug group. This is our drug room
The laziest panic room
Just go in there
Close the door you do. This is tricky because I've worked from home for a long time
And in a couple of places including like the house that I I now own with my wife
one of the bedrooms is where I sleep and the other one is where I work because it's my office and it's like I
Get two rooms. That doesn't really seem fair
It doesn't really seem like an equitable
Situation you could trade off and say like Monday Wednesday Friday
The room can be whatever guy a once but then Tuesday Thursday Saturday
It's whatever guy be once and then Sunday
You share it free-for-all party room if you guys had an extra room in the houses you live in now
What would you do with it yoga studio? Did you say yogurt studio because then maybe
Yeah, it's where I paint yogurt
I
think
Gosh, I don't know. We just did like a big purge of all our our stuff
We had one extra room and that that was for the kids
So I guess I don't have any extra rooms anymore. Now. I don't know what I would do with it. Maybe like
just a
more storage
Man, I'd really shot the cannon in doors with that one. Here's what I would do
Okay
I'd put a bunch of newspaper clippings and pictures of people around town on the wall
All right, and then with thumbtacks and pieces of stress
All of them absolutely with like with some people's faces
Yeah, that's like what does it all mean where the money go? What what happened with the case, you know, just all over it
That's just there for people to walk into and go what what is and like I I've almost got it
I've almost got it. It's it's it's right there on the tip of my tongue
I've almost solved it and then usher them out of the room. So basically Travis you want an all-purpose goof room
Yeah, I want like a room of requirement that every time you open the door. It's a different punchline to a joke. Sure
Okay, and a team of people that changes it out betwixt the goofs. Okay, and they live there
Can we just please have a bedroom here, please? You call us in here. No, you can't this is our all-purpose goof room
We will sleep on the inflatable mattress in the dining room
Cuz that's I mean we gotta have our goofs
Oh
We're human
not goof
Human humans good. I have to goof humans got a goof always be goofing. That's us
I work on a history ship. No ghosts. Sorry not to be fair. Doesn't it does a historic ship not a
History ship we're going back to 1512
What's up in 1512? Nothing. It sucks hop on the boat
Here comes the time doc
Shit we missed the time to pay your fees to disembark. We missed the time doc now. It's 1314
It gets worse as you go back
Now we're gonna charge you all a premium for the smallpox vaccine
That's how they get you on history timeship how they extort you on the history ship. I work on a historic ship
No ghosts. Sorry prove that and also that you can see and that have made them their presence. No
Yeah, I mean, let's let's qualify a little bit. They're all
I also live in one of the staterooms that used to be officers quarters
The deal is that I live here for free as long as I agree to be the after-hours
Security guard the problem is I have a hard time kicking people off who snuck on late at night
I'm not a naturally intimidating person
I'm a young early 20s woman usually very cheerful sort of plump and I like nearly everyone I meet
What are some things I can do to scare trespassers?
So they'll get lost without putting up a fight and that's from scarcely scary sailor your last sentence
Your last sentence is answered by your first one. Yes
You have a thousand times. Yes, you have to pretend a ghost you gotta ghost them. You have to ghost them
Yes, all you have to do walk up in like, oh like a old-timey dress and say like have you seen my child?
God Travis you just put a chill up my spine. Yeah, right a ghostly GMVM chillers. Who have you seen my husband?
The lifeboats
Tropic chillers, I'm
I'm cold. I ate some bad shrimp at the buffet. Oh, no, I've had the norovirus for three days
I don't have any fluid in my body or my bowels
I
booped everywhere
The porter lost my trunk. That's not ectoplasm. It's my crushing diarrhea
Again, oh no, I've gotta go bye
I
What if you
What if you are too good is my worry and they stab you because they don't know how ghosts work and they bust you
No, and they know they call the Ghostbusters. Here's my question. Okay, you're a very convincing ghost
Yeah, all right, the Ghostbusters show up to bust you. Mm-hmm. You tell them. Oh, sorry
I understand confusion
I'm a human pretending to be a ghost. Yeah ghost catfishing. I'm ghost fishing
They say haha ghost
Oldest trick in the book. You don't think slime are trying that shit. We've tried this one
We've seen this one many many times before you are a ghost busting makes me feel good add it up
and and those proton beams those uh
Those don't just like make you twirl around and when and sparks shoot off of you
Those will lathe you in half, okay
So we can all agree that there is a circumstance in which the Ghostbusters have accidentally murdered people almost
certainly almost break into the bus busting HQ late at night and and
Winston's jumpy. He's like, whoa, who's that? And then he opens his bedroom door blast. Oops. Oops. Sorry
I know why would you jump on just Winston who is my favorite ghost? Yeah. Yeah, Justin. You want to explain that?
Well, why I just I thought he might be near the front door
Makes I don't know what cuz he was the last Ghostbusters. So he
Is bad. Yeah, she is bad
Everybody else wants to be on the second floor above them so they can use the pole, you know
And they know immediately when they fucked up to right because you kill you kill the woman and then she's just there again
But in a different form now
You do need to bust that because she she has been murdered in a horrible manner
And then it just goes down in the books as a pre-emptive busting. Yeah
That's a good point Travis. It's a causal busting
Not premeditated not premeditated
accidental causal busting
So we hope you you know what? You don't need to scare people off. Just be cool. Listen, honest to God
I've never snuck into anything ever
But I can imagine that if I snuck onto something and somebody with a flashlight period were to say hey get off
I'd be like, oh, yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. You guys cursing a lot is good too. That one's on me
I'm not supposed to be here and I recognize that I am a dork. Yeah, it seems weird that people wouldn't just like
Leave I don't know. I would be so frightened. I hear anyone who tries to argue like no, I'm I'm supposed to be here
I'm on the list
I'm on the historic boat list if you could take a look eyes. Just think you throw a good throaty curse at them and
They're gone. So what's more scary if somebody shines a flashlight on you in a place?
You're not supposed to be he's like hey get out of here. Like hey get the fuck out of here. You're gone
You've been out. You're done. I'll eat your fucking eyeballs. Oh, they hired a Frankenstein. Yeah
Yeah, no noise that scary could come but they captured they took the history shit back in time to win Frankenstein was
And they captured him 1991
When Frankenstein had that hit song I'm too sexy for my shirt, right?
That's how you know, that's how you know your child in the 90s. You remember when Frankenstein was alive
It's one reason to know if you were a child in the 90s Frankenstein killed your sister. I
I will say that
Kicking it at Cheesecake Factory on Sunday morning
The day of the morning of my brother's wedding, which was kind of a weird experience for me
I was the most dressed up anyone's ever been inside a Cheesecake Factory ever
Felt a little bit out of place a little bit fish out of water
Was that before after I made you drive back to my house to get my special Travis made us get his special wedding night underwear
And I had to look at them. I had to get them. I had to get them from the underwear spot
Where he kept all of the things and I had to get it and I touched them to yeah
They acknowledge that they I had to I had to okay. Here's the order. I learned about them
I said that's terrible. Then I learned that I would have to retrieve touch. No feel believe hold grasp
acknowledge
become
Embrace absorb and now you guys are doing that at home. They were silky as fuck
No, they were silky and they were black and they were black just a little bit sheer just a little bit sheer
So I just felt just like I'm a little bit dead now. I acknowledged that they existed
I had to touch my balls women thought about Travis thought about Travis's balls how they would feel inside of them
I had to acknowledge the moment where Travis decided to get special wedding underwear then go to a store
Possibly with his bride-to-be had to think had to learn a lot about
Impulse by it was a lot more of an impulse by where I looked and I said, you know
That's gonna feel real good to learn a lot about Teresa that I didn't know and the things that she prefers there
around there
Terrific best wedding ever here. Let me rewrite all of my best man speech because I have new fucking subjects
I need to address
I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna go pop up music behind the behind the music for a minute. Don't say pop-up
Pop up video behind the music. I bought the wedding underpants not for a sexy bent
But because I knew the silky smooth material would prevent any chafing day of which I didn't want to deal with as I'm walking down
the aisle
The decision to buy special sexy wedding underwear may have been an impulse by
The the decision to send your brother to go get your special wedding
And it was malicious
It was a combination of because I knew that if I didn't I would think about it all day because that's the way my brain
Works like how well my rather I think about it all day and then to all life
It was funny to me to make Griffin. Yeah, it sure was I guess
Your kids in here man, you said whoever you want to go get your special wedding underwear
But now it's it's kind of nice because for the times like when we get sick or one of us is ill and we move
The TV into the bedroom. It really does become an anchor
No
Yeah
Keeps you in bed or brings you to bed early and you don't really do a lot of shit at least in the living room
You do more stuff like I can work on the computer while the TV is on or I feel like at least I'm sitting up
Or walking with a terrifying. Well, I mean what if the darkness creeps up on you while you're in your bedroom?
And you're trying to get dressed. Like what do you do then? I
Sing a little song to myself about how lucky I am to be alive
God I'm not dead because the world would be empty without me. Okay
Usually kind of then devolves from there into how awesome about how great you are. Yeah, sure sure boy
I think we're all pretty lucky Travis is still kicking. I just assume everyone sings a song like that. Thank you
God for Travis
Where would I be with the Sun in the sky and the stars at night who guides me home on the chop?
He sees thank Jesus for Travis Travis is Jesus and they just kind of
Thank you Travis for Travis is all-seeing power. Thank you Travis for Travis
People don't write enough hymns about themselves
But up to the first stands of him
341 thank Travis for Travis and Travis is Travis our hearts are all Travis and brains are Travis to
Third stanza. I need some thank Travis for Travis propaganda posters
You know Travis I I feel like there's been this narrative
Among some of our listenership that you don't get the respect that you deserve on this show
So like I'm all about like I don't know canonizing you
I also I also want to point out one of the reasons that happens is I don't really need it
I take care of that on my own. Yeah, the other thing is like that it is a little bit of that on Travis goes quite
A long way. That's a visit Travis McElroy calm
McElroy needs
In a moment of weakness and lacking insight from the brothers wise I agreed to let my nephew move into my basement
He's in a band. He pays no rent eats all our food leaves messes and generally acts like a 14 year old
How can I get him to pack up his bags and move away? That's from Carl the grumpy old man in Lincoln, Nebraska
Is he 14 years old?
That's a really good question. I don't understand how all this lines up
Okay, there's a if he's 32
Yeah, there's a much different question than if he's like 19, you know
It's so rare that you get to do something nice for somebody like this
You you could I could connive a few ways for you to get rid of them, you know, like
I mean, there's fake ghosts fake haunting races. That's easy
Light them gas light home
That's just every day remove one article of something from their room and put it like in storage or move it to an apartment
There's gonna be a really long-term plan, but like just one sock, you know on Monday and then like a
CD on Tuesday and just slowly move them out of the house
Can you start an even louder band on the top floor?
Do you know I mean like he thinks if he's rocking all day and night on
his his strat
Then maybe you buy an even bigger Marshall stack point that towards the ground and just start like laying down some like kidney stone
Rattling bass riffs. Oh, I love this and if whatever their band is called you call your band that but bigger, right?
So if his band is perfect death, it's like we're perfect dirt death. Er, er
More perfect death and then you get incredibly popular you buy him his own house
Behind your house. Oh, no, I have to entourage this shit. Why would you want it?
If you went to all the trouble of buying him another house
You don't get him the money to buy another plot of land so you can only build him a small doll house in your butt
She still love him. You don't want to be you love him
You don't want to be too far away, but you will have you will have a witch cast a spell on him to make him
Little enough to live in a dollhouse
This is this is called the candor is what is that we have you put him in a bottle city that you keep in your den
Why have you not told him to stop being a dipshit?
Yeah, life has to tell you that you know the guy who owns your house gets to tell you that I'm pretty sure
Like our dad always told us when we were being idiots
You're his dad now because you own his hat you in the house, right?
Like any sitcom in which like a non direct family member or friend moves in
You you now are responsible for them like a parent. That's what the Matthews did for Cory. I'm sorry, Sean
Cory was their son or like in in
Step by step. I believe it was Cody and then flash you got
Like your child fresh Prince of Bel-Air him. There you go. You've got you're the uncle Phil to his fresh Prince of Bel-Air
How to uncle fill him with your love, but you kind of want to have a girl sound says to me like you want to DJ
Jazzy Jeff
That's what you okay, this is the conversation you sit down say you need to make a decision right now
Are you gonna be my fresh Prince of Bel-Air? Are you going to be my DJ Jazzy Jeff?
I'm I can if he doesn't get the reference out. He goes he's obviously a Jeff. This is what I'm saying
It is
Will Smith the I think fresh will was his name just will in the show. Yes. Yeah some bullshit
He couldn't it was well, it was Williams William any um, that was his name
William any um
Represented a pretty tremendous that you go back and watch that show pretty tremendous amount of character growth. Mm-hmm
Oh throughout the run of fresh Prince DJ Jazzy Jeff was was almost belligerently stagnant
Well, did we figure he was thrown on his head several times, right?
So, I mean I there definitely is a physiological element to it. I'm just saying that DJ
Just jazz is Jeff
dishes by the end
And the series finale like we're going to go to college now and he was like
I just want to party all night long and then he puts on line where she's all night long because he's like fucking stuck
You know, I mean, right? Yes now he has no opportunity for he has nothing
Also, did he ever DJ on that show fucking once ever and ever?
I don't think so. I believe he did
There is a an episode in which will rent out the house for a music video and I believe
DJ Jazzy Jeff sneaks in and he's doing a little mixing on the old one and twos. That's fun. That's a fun
That's a fun episode how frustrating must it be to be a genuine like actual musical artist
But for a generation of white people you are that guy that got thrown out of the house
like no, I have like a whole career before this you got
And before we get right in I just remembered that I believe it was not will that rented out the house
He was trying to stop it from happening. In fact Carlton rented out the house. That seems not like Carlton
Now was that was that the same episode? Was that the same episode where Carlton bought a gun?
Yeah, that was a real good one that was Carlton's like Breaking Bad the entire series in one episode for him the best episode
I think is the one where will has to convince Carlton that racism exists. Did you guys?
He was driving slowly and he got pulled over and he thought it's because he was driving so slowly and well, so there's like no
Racism exists and it blows Carlton's mind because he's never experienced it before in his life
No, that's like a that's not like a fun. That's not like a laugh a minute episode. It goes like really hard
It's actually pretty they go fucking hard on that show. We give that show
I'm just saying that we goof we goof about that show because it's called Fresh Prince of Bel Air and there's a character on it
Called DJ Jazzy Jeff. They tackle some fucking heady heady subjects
There's an amazing episode in which will goes off about like his dad leave it. Oh, yeah, they'll rock you to your very core. I
Have a problem with speaking up. I
Frequently have to repeat myself and people often tell me that I talk too quietly
When I increase the volume, it feels like I'm yelling or that my voice takes on an unpleasant or harsh tone
What can I do to make sure that I'm being heard without feeling as though I'm shouting in people's faces. That's from whispering in Wisconsin
I know that problem. No, you don't know. No, no. No, here's the thing
surprising to most
while I am very loud and verbose when like telling a story or a joke or entertaining people are ordering food at a
Restaurant or but here's the thing half the time
I mumble out my order or half the time is I want to ask somebody a question. I don't like
Annunciate I say a really quiet and kind of humbly and it's either one of those two is I'm either super loud or like really
Awkward and quiet and mumbly and Teresa calls me on this all the time and it's like there is no middle ground for me
Yeah, you never sound normal. Yeah, no never not really. I'm surprised you you have found a
Fair amount of success. I would say in this audio only medium while I have my phone turned down to 1%
Yeah, and even now like even that when you said percent you're popping your plosives you're shouting
You don't even know that you're shouting right now, but the people listening like is he mad at me?
I think this is not a fun podcast as an experience for me
Travis is basically three quarters of the way to an SNL character, right? Correct. I
Mean, it looks like Chris Catan. That's not fair Travis. I'm sorry. I said that no
You got a whole beer going on. He can't grow a beard. Yeah, take back a tan not since the fire
Just talk a little louder. You guys don't need us for these. No, here's the thing. No, here's the thing
I think there's an I can infer a problem here and I think the problem is not that they're jumping from like
Quiet to loud. It's that when he speaks at a normal volume or she speaks at a normal volume. They feel loud
which I think that that point is more of a self-confidence about either your speaking voice because you feel like it's harsh and
Unpleasant or you feel like you're yelling and being boisterous
I think that it comes from an inherent fear of voicing your opinions and saying what you need
Let me help you out here. Your problem is that you're you're yelling from your your head
You need it. Where's your power? A lot of people ask me that Justin. Where's my power in my vagina? Okay
It's it's down deep in your diaphragm. That's where you got to push the sound from right now
You can't see it, but I've got
several leather restraints wrapped around my stomach to help me
Remember to always be pushing air out of my diaphragm. I literally have no room to exhale
I'm waiting until after the show to exhale right wait to exhale. I'm waiting to exhale, right?
Oh, they're also there for sex stuff. There are sex stuff related adjacent their sex adjacent. I would say yeah sex adjacent
It's amazing. Those two things don't have to be mutually exclusive
It can both be good for your support and for your sex stuff
This helps me talk good in public and also the chafing does things
vis-a-vis boners
You know sex stuff that is a good point though
Cuz you learn in theater the ability to like support and not yell
Well, you're gonna react and you can be confident without like yelling to the back of the theater
So I think that's it. Just support yourself with air feel confident what you say
Let me uh, let me let me perform a quick demonstration
Terrific. I can't wait for this
This is me speaking with my normal voice
But you can hear all of this sound is coming from my mouth and my neck
Your neck meat that makes the sound my neck meat is filtering the sound waves out through what?
Scientists call this the shout hole your your moist
Your moist cords are slapping together like two fish just throwing together at a fish market
So this is just my normal. This is all with without any other support. Yeah
Justin I'm in the back of the theater. I'm in the back of the theater and I'm hearing every word of that
Diaphragm have an accent. It's just from the sound being pushed out
Oh, that's painful, yeah
It hurts act that's why they pay them so much
It's not easy
Hey everyone, it's Griffin and I'm here to tell you about some stuff important stuff like zip recruiter, you know how they do jobs
Well, no, you have the job zip recruiters the one that finds the people for the jobs
Or maybe you're the people looking for the jobs and you can find the jobs
Is it anyway zip recruiter you can find the perfect candidate for you for you for your business?
They got this thing called invite to apply where you look at some folks and you're like, ooh
they got the skills that I need for
To synergies for two synergies and you send them a little like friend request basically and they're like, oh hell
yeah, and then they get the job and
And and and then you you know, you guys you guys do good business together
They they're just they're so great at helping you fulfill those holes in your heart and your business roster
And they have a great website that lets you do all that. So see for yourself. Go to zip recruiter.com slash
My bro Ther that's my brother to try zip recruiter for free. That's zip recruiter.com slash my brother
Speaking of business and websites. I also am here to tell you about Squarespace
Squarespace is the place that lets you build the beautiful websites to do whatever the heck you want it to do
You can showcase your work on these websites. You can sell products and services of all kinds
You can promote your physical or online businesses and more. What's saying more? I don't know
Flash games. I don't even know if you can even do flash on the internet still but if so
I you can probably make a game where
Like stick men have very violent fights to each other
You got beautiful customizable templates. Those haven't gone away and they were created by some real schmuck
Nobody's just kidding world-class designers made them. Everything is optimized for mobile right out of the box
They got analytics to help you grow in real time. And hey, they got free and secure hosting
So no, you know red-pilled matrix dudes are gonna jack in your shit
So go to Squarespace comm slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save
10% off your first purchase of a website or domain Squarespace build it
beautiful a couple of announcements we got a pin on the month and the pin on the month is for work of fart and
That one that one slipped through my dragnet usually, you know
If there's a piece of merch coming down the pipe that I'm like, that's this isn't fancy elegant like adult way like adult kit
Um, then I will you know, I have veto power but this one I was you know
I was playing a lot of Final Fantasy 14
I was busy and I didn't even see it and then I looked on our website and said work of fart right there
And I went to I went to Travis and I went to Sarah our merch designer and I was like, hey
What what's up and they were like, it's it's really funny and then I looked at it and you know what they were right
And so then I learned a little something about myself and guess what work of fart the pin it
sales for that benefit one tree planted which is dedicated to making it easier for
Individuals and businesses to give back to the environment create a healthier climate protect biodiversity and help reforestation efforts around the world
And I'm sure they're stoked that
Travis's ongoing fart joke is helping to put trees in the world
man
Life has gotten so complicated. Hasn't it? We also have pixel art stickers of our faces
You can buy them individually or you can buy them all as a set and if you buy them individually
We will know and we'll know which ones get the least sales and then that bad brother is gonna feel pretty bad about themselves
So just get this set, please
And hey, we got the new music video from montaigne for our new theme song
My life is better with you. You can find it at bit.ly slash montaigne my bim-bam. That's M. O. N. T. A. I
G. N. E. M. B. M. B. A. M. That came out on Friday. It's so good
We're really we're really happy with it. Oh and the whole song is out there now, too
You've only heard the first verse and I guess the ending but there's a middle part that you're just gonna go wild for
That's it. Enjoy the rest of them the bros better. We'll be back with a new episode next week until then
Arrivederci
From the internationally acclaimed creators of who shot you comes the movie podcast
Maximum film starring producer and film festival programmer Drea Clark as a woman bound by passion
I saw this eight months ago on the festival circuit and I loved it film critic Alonzo de Rolde as a man
Corrupted by greed why watch one home or Christmas movie when I can watch seven and comedian if you waddyway as a man
Protecting a love that society simply won't accept
I think Pacific Rim is a perfect movie and if you can't accept that I want you out of my life from the makers of
The movie podcast who shot you comes maximum film. That's right
We changed the name of our show to maximum film, but don't worry
We're still a movie review show that isn't just a bunch of straight white dudes
So tune into maximum film at maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
You
How about a yahoo hit me so I'm standing by drew Davenport, thank you drew
Test by yahoo answers user DS who asks best battle ever
Takes place in the same area that Goku fought Vegeta the first time
So not not their final battle. We're talking about the first
Right way the first one the premier Goku V Vegeta where we're not the first time Goku fought fajita
Okay, got it. Go ahead
so this is in the religion and spirituality section, so we're talking about Jeremiah the
The prophet the weeping prophet, you know him
You might know him from Kings
50 foot robot Jeremiah with laser eyes and the mobility of eight ten
Ability to fly but only for three minutes before a charge up of five minutes low-class shields and five rockets
machine gun 200 bullets a mag one minute reload time and unlimited mags
versus uh-huh
75 foot Alan Rickman with tentacles for arms and beefy legs mobility of
Five out of ten and mid-class shields machine gun fire from suckers and tentacles
Reload and mag size the same as above unlimited mags and mouth laser equivalent to three eye lasers
Added bonus that he can jump two hundred feet higher than Jeremiah can fly
But can also smash the ground with the power of three missiles, but can only do it twice or his shields will break
Jesus such a good question. It's a really tough one. You got Jeremiah in one corner author of first and second Kings
Wait, is it possible that by Jeremiah they mean Jeremy Irons? No, they mean Jeremiah
creator of that joint hit lamentations
Because I would love to see a battle between giant Jeremy Irons. No, no Alan Rickman
I don't get the connection between Jeremiah and Alan Rickman. This person needed to put this question somewhere
Religion and spirituality I imagine is a pretty good place for like getting answers on your Yahoo mysteries
So he had to get some Bible shit in there somewhere. We got Jeremiah. Do you need the stats again 50 feet Jeremiah?
He's eight out of ten speed. That's pretty fast
He can fly but only for three minutes to charge up for five. So it's not like an unlimited thing Alan Rickman can't fly
He does have tentacle machine-gun arms. He can't jump super high though
And when he pounds the ground it has the strength of three missiles can't do that more than twice
So or his shields will break though. Can they call him thing? I know about Jeremiah. Mm-hmm
It's that he was a bullfrog don't know. Come on, and he was a good friend of Justin start talking
I think that the can they call it can they call in?
Reinforcements can Jeremiah call in another biblical prophet can Jeremiah call in like
Matthew or mark or Luke and Alan Rickman can call it. I don't know like
Jason Isaac Janine Garofalo. Hello, Jason Isaac's join me
Take one of my tentacle arms dislodge it from my body and use it to defend yourself
So your problem with this question is that there's not enough specificity and the powers that have been allotted to Jeremiah the biblical
Prophet and Alan Rickman who was right?
I'm saying they are they still human or is this like a mecha like Voltron? I think we might be looking at an Ultraman scenario
so robotic cyber Alan Rickman, I think in this situation Jeremiah is
Is Ultraman and I think Alan Rickman might be the the kaiju
Gotcha. I'm gonna have to go Alan Rickman every time
He it does work. He has a significant height advantage
He's slower and that's I think the only thing that Jeremiah has going from that extra three points of speed
It's gonna fucking count on the battle, but he can he can jump and hit the ground with the power of three missiles
That's true. But Jeremiah has five rockets. So you throw you throw Alan Rickman in the air?
You're basically like skeet shooting at that point
Yeah, and you think you think Alan Rickman's about to win but then Jeremiah finds the locket that Alan Rickman bought for his secretary in
His coat pocket and he gets so pissed. He gets fucking
Angry, and then he turns around it turns the whole battle around and Jeremiah brings him down
Then Jeremiah reaches behind between his shoulder blades and pulls the gun that he had duct-taped there and shoots Alan Rickman
Well, he didn't do that out the window. Oh, he did do that. No. Yeah, you're right
Um, no, that was in Lamentations that was in Lamentations 5-6. Yippee-ki-yay. Holy father. Got one a yahoo answer. Yeah, I'm into that. This yahoo answer was sent in by Alan Black. Thank you Alan Black. A very prolific contributor. So that's about yahoo answer's user SlickNinja360 who asks? Should be good. Should be pretty good. Would it?
Be illegal to go into the middle of a forest and build a maze forcing people to traverse it upon entry.
I guess yeah, I guess that's pretty good. Upon entry the entrance would close it would have spikes on the walls tops
To keep them from escaping.
I was also thinking of having booby traps and things like that
Once they find the exit they could leave.
I don't know about illegal, but logistically it seems like an issue. Yeah, you're gonna have to have some fucking. Is it a motorized gate or like a magical that grows over when they walk through? It's gonna be a fucking pan's labyrinth magic moss.
I will say if we can't fix gun laws, but we have been thorough enough to figure out our forest maze laws. I might be very disappointed in our nation.
If you if if you own the land, and this is troubling because I'm agreeing with the top yahoo response to this
But if you own the land you can build a maze wherever the fuck you want. I don't know that you can corral people into it.
That's where you run into. You can leave a trail of peppermints. There's no guarantee.
This is the beautiful thing about it. If you force people to do it highly illegal. Yeah, if you offer people the opportunity to do it, highly profitable.
Yeah, I can't like I just bought a house and I feel like I have total agency over it.
I do not think I can invite friends in and then lock the door and then swallow the key and say I will let you out as soon as you solve my puzzle of flesh.
And then I would show them my flesh puzzle. Here's the funny thing about luring.
Is the flesh puzzle your genitals? That's my balls. I would bet that 80 to 90 percent of the people in this room if you stumbled upon what you were guaranteed to be a solvable forest maze.
That would lock you in and you would you would fucking die if you couldn't solve it.
If? That's a big if Griffin. How many of you would say? All right. Yeah, I'll tackle this bitch.
This is everything I've ever trained for. Everybody raise your hand. If you stumbled upon a pan's labyrinth.
This is serious. You would not. OK, there's a lot of people raising their hands.
You would risk your life. All those years of playing Professor Layton games are finally going to pay off.
You're going to solve this shit. What what would lure you into? OK, what would lure me into a forest maze?
The seeing the opening of a fucking forest maze. Right. You got it. What if it's risk your life, though?
I don't want you know what? The fourth verse of Tim McGraw's Live Like You Were Dying directly references.
I went into every forest maze I saw. I think. I heard a pan flute beckoning me in.
But there was gold doubloons at the end. Spite traps weren't scaring me away.
Have you ever heard that song? Have you ever heard the song? I'm not great with melodies.
That's actually I was singing the harmony. I thought someone would join in.
Dear brothers, ice cream trucks never pass where I live, ever. Oh, so sorry.
This is a problem. All right. Ice truck ice cream trucks never pass where I live, ever.
Today, I heard one outside and I booked it out the door. He was driving away from me, but I finally caught up with him.
Well done. Good work. When those things don't drive especially fast, but still kudos to you, I suppose.
Faster than human land speed. I guess. You earned your dilly bar. When I bought my ice. How old am I?
When I bought my ice cream, the ice cream guy just gave me this incredulous face and seemed to be annoyed
that a 20-ish year old would be so excited. You know your age, right? I'm guessing.
Yeah, but I was left on a doorstep. It's good storytelling. He's not like forcing omnipotence
and omniscience onto the ice cream truck driver. Would be so excited about an ice cream truck.
Am I too old to be excited about ice cream trucks or was the ice cream guy just a downer?
And that's from vexed in Ventura question for you audience. Vexed in Ventura, are you here?
Hey, welcome. If you're an ice cream driver and it's 2014 and you're in LA, how good is business
that you can fucking get judgy on people? I don't know. It feels like you should go,
do you want anything else? Yeah, please. Also, can you think of anything else cold that I could sell
because I'm dying here. Let's do a quick poll of the audience. This is interesting. In the last,
let's say three months, has anybody seen an ice cream truck that was stationary and selling its
product to anybody? Just a quick show of hands, stationary. Okay, more than I thought. Better
question. I'll be the first to admit that I fucked up with my judgment. I haven't seen a stationary
ice cream every time it's just like slowly crawling at five miles an hour. It's like anybody.
And I'm not talking, by the way, I want to clarify, I'm not talking about a food truck.
No, no, no. You know what I'm talking about. Ice cream. I'm not talking about our keys and all
like, it's got avocados in it. And that's what you sound like food truck drivers, I guess.
I don't know what the ice cream truck environment is like here, but I know what it's like in
Cincinnati. When you see said ice cream trucks, is the paint peeling and the pictures faded and
it looks like they just killed- And sometimes they've got like Pikachu on it and it's like,
hey guys, um, let me just like call Nintendo real quick. Yeah, you didn't like go through
the right fucking channels to get fucking Pikachu to sell your iced wares.
I would, I would feel uncomfortable and only because I would be so worried that I would come
up from vector A and sort of like in my periphery out of nowhere would be a kid on vector B and we
would arrive at the same time. And you would force the issue like- I was here first. You know,
I was here first, right? Hold on. We got, sorry gents, we got one push pop left. Looks like you're
gonna have to wrestle for it. Sweet. You're really little and I'm really big. You just want to give
it to me? I would grab their head and just push it below the window so the guy couldn't see them
until I was done purchasing my novelties. Have you guys noticed that the only people on fucking
earth that call them novelties at the grocery store? They used to confuse the hell out of me
when I was a kid. What's a novel- just say ice cream shit. We all know what you're talking about.
You don't have to get fucking fancy, Kroger. So you guys want a yahoo? Absolutely. So yahoo was,
um, so yahoo was sent in by a man named Drew Davenport, a legend one might say. Thank you,
Drew. It's by yahoo answer's user Pineapple Lifesaver who asks, why do so many people buy
Lunchables? You could put your own together for a lot cheaper. Just put some meat, cheese,
and crackers in a Gladware container. Uh, well fucking thanks, Einstein. Update, it's not cheaper
though for the tiny handful of food that you get even at one dollar. They're using the cheapest
quality of ingredients. Buying some cheap turkey, American singles, and Ritz Saltines will give you
the same amount of 10 or more Lunchables for half the cost. Holy shit, that can't possibly be right.
All right, first off, blasphemy. They're saying 10 or more Lunchables for half the cost. We're
talking about 20 fucking homemade Lunchables per Lunchable proper. That's a lot of margin.
Has anyone ever bought a Lunchable thinking, I am, I'm a thrifty consumer. This is-
Yeah, you're not, you are neither a thrifty, you're not fiscally smart. You are not making
a good nutritional decision. You are basically just saying, I, I'm a piece of shit.
Well, that's one of two things. Either you're saying like, I'm a piece of shit, or you're
saying like, you know what, I'm going to little kid treat myself. Hey, eight year old Travis who
only wanted Lunchables all the time, but his mom packed him like actual sandwiches and apples and
stuff because she cared for him. But at the time he would look around the other kids who ate
Lunchables and think what fun lives are they leaving? If only I was more of a Lunchables
type kid, but I wasn't. So maybe 25 year old Travis buys eight year old Travis a Lunchable
and sends it back to him through his tummy.
We've got to go back.
Can an adult not just enjoy a motherfucking Lunchable though without those auspices?
You guys are throwing a lot of shade at Lunchables right now. I knew we,
I knew we love horses on this podcast, but I did not know we love high horses quite so much.
But are Lunchables not the same? Like I put them in the same category as, uh, the Hot Pocket.
The Toaster Strudel.
Yeah, that's a fucked up Venn diagram you just weaved.
A Hot Pocket's a lot of work. You gotta push the buttons and, and a lot of fiddling.
A Lunchable, you have to construct your own. They don't just hand you a package.
That's customizable. Kids love that.
Let's, um, we're getting away from the fucking heart of the matter. Um, and I want to get us
back to it. And now, okay, if you want to fucking time travel, I'm eight years old.
I roll up to school. I bust out a Gladware DIY. It's a, it's a Lunchaboo.
You've written Lunchable on it, but you spelled it differently to avoid copyright.
Griffin, what the fuck is that?
It's, it's a, it's a Munchable.
It's a what?
A Munchable? Dad, my dad made it for me and he said it's just as good. And what do you-
Stop it! I'm literally gonna cry. I'm literally gonna get too sad.
What are you all eating?
Uh, we're eating Lunchables that, uh, they're brand name Lunchables that our
rich parents got us at the store. What was yours called?
Munchables?
What's in it?
Um, looks like some, looks like I got some oyster crackers and a nice note.
It seems, what seems to be a hair.
Uh, it looks like a hair.
I'm, this is one of my, this is one of my new dad Jerry's hairs.
It seems the container smells like salami because it used to have salami in it.
That's how we got it. We can't afford to buy Gladware either.
We're just reusing the old containers.
Can you, is this a, can I rock Munchables in the modern workplace?
If I roll up and I have a fucking Gladware container and I've written Munchables on there
in a Sharpie and maybe some of the letters are backwards, uh, just to like really drive it home
and, uh, I'm just like Jerry from accounting walks in and he's like, what are you eating there?
I say, oh, Munchables. Uh, and I, yeah, I prefer a fucking snack cracker tower.
And I eat it from top down like a T-Rex. Uh, am I okay?
Am I good?
I think, I think, I think if you, if I got to watch you do that,
just like a huge stack of crackers and cheese and meat, and then just deep
throw it, just put your head at the top of it until it's all gone.
Munchables, what these are Munchables. Yeah, I'll make you some. I'll bring some in tomorrow.
The weird thing is, it's like a, the sadness is greater than the sum of its parts.
Cause if you just brought in like a container with crackers,
a separate container with cheese slices, a separate container.
But that's not weird to me, but you put it all in the same container and transport it that way.
And it's like a hundred percent sadder.
Of course context is important in this situation.
If I eat crackers and then in another room, I eat some lunch meat, it's not going to be a thing.
But if I try to give it my own DIY fucking Pinterest branding, then we have a situation all right.
This is an interesting question for you about Lunchables.
If you go to a party, let's say where there are crackers and cheese and little pieces of meat,
I don't think there's a number of those things that you would eat at which point you would say,
well, I've had lunch now. Did you have lunch? Yes, I did.
I grazed here and now I've had lunch.
You guys are limiting your scope to the fucking snack cracker Lunchable box set.
There was a lot more variety in there for our dirty North American Bento boxes,
essentially is what we're talking about.
I don't know if you guys ever sampled the pizza, which was pizza but cold.
I have very clear memories of watching an adjacent rich kid eat the pizza Lunchable
and being physically repulsed at the idea of eating all of it cold.
And they would call it pizza and it turned my stomach even more.
Let me take you down the Oubliette to even further just peer into the past.
Just peer into the darkness with me and we'll talk about the definition of the word soft taco
because Lunchables also had that that game wasn't especially on point because you had a round thing.
It was the pizza crust.
It was the fucking pizza crust.
And then they had a cold, essentially giant ketchup packet.
But instead of ketchup, it was ground meat question mark.
I don't know how you would meet was a meat was in quotation marks.
It was also an acronym.
It was as bad news bears.
I don't know how you would recreate that for the Munchables brand,
but I think that there is a lot of opportunity in there.
We could probably get some vegan free option vegan free gluten free.
No vegan vegan I think all lunchables are inherently vegan free.
Anyway, this person has a great point.
I'm going to take this to Shark Tank.
Thank you.
Griffin hit me.
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by me.
Think about it.
Drew Davenport.
Yeah, it's in the arts and humanities section.
It's asked by Moniz who asked who was John Candy?
What did he do?
Why is he important?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis.
I'm good for McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
It's better with you.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
