The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Well, howdy, everybody. Welcome to my brother, my brother, and me. It's an advice show for the
modern era. We're just pleased as punch to have you here. I am Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy. I think I know what's going on. It is so great to have you guys on the show,
just to be doing this podcast with you. Oh, I'm feeling, feeling pretty fine. Oh, God. Oh, God.
Justin's biting me. I'm just doing just dandy too. I'm finer than frogs hair split four ways.
Sand it down too, I should hope. Sand them right down. I just flew in from downstairs,
and boy am I, well, you know how that old chestnut goes. Oh, I see. You've caught the dad real hard.
I'm just a father. I come at comedy from my own unique perspective, colored by my life with my
wife and my beautiful baby daughter. I'm just a where dad, because Justin passed his
foul darkness into me, vis-a-vis fluid transaction. Boys, what's on the docket today? I hope we can
try to keep it clean. We're going to probably talk about dicks. Dicks and balls. Well, that seems like
old version of my brother, my brother and me. I'm not sure. Do you want to play catch?
That would be better. I think we could probably split the difference. With dicks and balls.
No, we could probably land somewhere in the billing vol territory. Okay. Yeah. He gets a
little colorful from time to time, but at the end of the day, you know, you're going to get off this
roller coaster and you're going to have all your limbs attached. You know what I mean? My brother,
my brother and me is just about three guys shooting the shoot and talking about what
grinds their gears. You're going to laugh a little, you're going to learn a little,
and you're going to learn a lot. My brother, my brother and me gives its own unique approach to
comedy. It's from a Christian family perspective, but a little bit skewed. Thanks for buying our
audio cassette at the Christian family bookstore. Or your local Zondervans.
You can also listen to our totally clean hockey comedy podcast,
HE Double Hockey Sticks. Thank you for listening to both programs.
Justin, you back? I am back. All right, let's do the show.
Sorry, the little one had to, uh, had a poopsie. You know how that is,
is late night food. Can you watch your fucking language? Okay, straight up, I haven't, I haven't
slept. Do you think that is going to be a lot of, you think that that is just a goofy thing people
say? And I got irritated because it was the thing that everybody was saying. Everyone,
ah, catch up on your sleep. I hope you, you cannot, you cannot put enough hours in the bank.
First off, sleep doesn't work like that. Anyway, you cannot put enough hours in the bank for a
human that knows nothing about time or, or darkness or anything and how that will infringe on your
life. Yeah. From one of those things, like you think like this is surely as tired as I could
possibly get. And then you proceed to get more tired. And then no matter how tired you get,
there's nothing, there's nothing you can do. It's not like, no, I'm so sleepy. So I'm going to sleep
now. Baby, I heard that over there, but I'm sleeping now and I will catch you in a few.
The best, the, probably the, the thing that makes me happiest so far is that the baby has really
good timing. It has good comedic timing. By which I mean, I'll get up fucking stumbling around,
stumble over the changing table, change your wiper little tushy,
feed her. Mom will feed her and then we'll sit, we'll get her all fed. Then we'll put her in her,
she has a baby straight jacket. She sleeps in and we'll get her that. We'll lull her to sleep
and I'll gingerly lay her down bomb squad style. Just not want to trip any wires. It's going to
wake her back up. I'll sneak back over to my side of the bed. I'll get in my, my snugly,
snugly pre-kid position for how I would sleep when I still slept. And then I'll just hear from across
the room. A huge, massive, massive screaming dump. And you know what the best part about the dump is?
The best part about the dump is the baby will dump and then not cry, but fucking stare at me like,
what's up? What's up now old man? Are you going to leave me here with my little week old tushy?
My three week old tushy? Are you, are you man enough to just sleep there while my little baby
tushy sits in poopy? Are you man enough or are you going to come over here and pick me up?
The most horrifying thing I think that you've told me about this situation and it's a, it's an
enormous list. Um, and I'm sorry, by the way, that I just referred to the beautiful human life you
created as a situation. But let's, uh, move on. Um, the horrifying thing you told me is that
that baby's poop, when that zone gets stimulated, and one way to stimulate that zone is to clean
the poop off of it. Yeah. Babies are hilarious. That's a real, like, um, yeah, that's, that's a,
you're playing with fire. Anytime you clean a baby's butt, you're playing fire. The baby's
gonna be like, oh man, I forgot I had a butt. Thank you. Thank you. What was the thing that I
did with- Thank you, poorly gentleman. What was the thing I did with my butt? Oh, that's right.
That's it. Should we do- Do you mind if I put this in your hand? Should we do advice now? That's a
good place for it. Yeah. I love that we joked about doing the thing and then we did the thing.
Well, I mean, yeah. I mean, that's the fucking McElroy way. It's a slice of life. That's what
we do here on My Brother and My Brother. Tragedy, tragedy plus, tragedy plus this podcast equals
comedy. Yes. Cause that's, that's my life right now. Nah, she's great. It's fine. I actually would
say in this circumstance, poop in your hand, plus me not being you equals very, very funny.
Fair enough. All right. Let's, uh, we still help people on the show. Sometimes. Sometimes we play
fucking Dungeons and Dragons. Yeah. Uh, sometimes we do Griffin. Um, but, uh, right now we're helping
people. So let's do this. Thank you by the way, for, for continuing to put the show together in
my absence, Griffin and Travis. I really appreciate it. You're welcome. Just don't do this again.
Yeah. I won't. Not for, uh, for nine months at least. My girlfriend and I recently went to a
movie. Okay. Wanting good seats, we went to a row in the middle of the auditorium and selected seats
in the middle of the row. As soon as we sat down, a girl in the seats behind us very loudly said,
seriously? I glanced back a minute later and saw that she had moved a few seats to her left
so that she wasn't directly behind us. Are we good? Or did we commit a film viewer faux pas by
sitting in front of her? To our credit, it was stadium seating and neither one of us are very
tall. That's from naive in North Dakota. Interesting. Um, yeah, because are we talking
about sight lines or sight lines? The issue, or is this the issue that you went to what sounds
like a relatively empty movie theater and decided to sit, um, you didn't leave a buffers, uh, uh,
because proximity is an issue. Proximity is an issue there, but I would say, here's the thing.
That's her issue and not yours. I think, I know you walk into a movie theater. If someone sits
too close to you and you want to move the onus is on you at that point. I don't think I don't know
about that. If it's otherwise empty and someone sits directly in front of me, that's going to
feel intentional to me. No, I'm going to tell you it's intentional if it's directly beside.
No, I know in front works too. And, and, but here's the thing I, in a trillion years, in a,
in a bajillion years, I could be at the midnight opening of the last Harry Potter movie, which I
don't know if you guys knew this is my most anticipated and also greatest film of all time.
And for some miraculous reason, the theater was empty except for myself. And then somebody walked
in and sat in front of me. I wouldn't fucking say anything. I wouldn't cause you're trying to
get whisked. Yeah. And like saying that is going to impact both my experience, their experience,
the experience of everybody who has to be a part of the fact that I just made it super uncomfortable.
Is it possible that she was not referring to you sitting down, but some other factor that
had just become impaired? Like she just realized did you, did you let out, did you let out a huge
maybe she just sat down and found that the chair she was sitting in was full of farts.
The foam had absorbed the fart of a two hour previous movie. Okay. So maybe you sat down and
almost at that exact same instant, she put her hand on her armrest. Oh my God. There's jelly
all over it. Seriously? Justin's been here. Who ordered that pricey movie theater jelly only to
leave it on the armrest. The trick is you bring your own in a little Ziploc bag. Travis. That's
how you get past it. They charge like six 50 for some jelly. People like you, they're ruining the
jelly industry. They're just had to say, you know, you go to the Alamo draft house, they bring you
craft brew jelly during the movie. You don't have to get up and cause like you you'll finish
jelly and like, I fuck, I can crush one of those tubs in like 20 minutes maybe. And then what am I
going to do? Get up and do that maybe six times, seven times, depending on the length of the film.
If I, if it was during fucking boyhood, we're talking about like 12 jam jars. I, I have to
admit, I don't think it was a huge faux pas, but I do think that it is, it feels a little bit
inconsiderate to sit directly in front of somebody when, when you have a lot of other. But I do,
I do understand though, like if they picked middle seats and you picked middle seats,
but maybe leave a row if possible, everybody wants to sit in the middle, especially in a
big stadium seating, like IMAX kind of thing, but maybe leave a row, a row between you if possible.
But that's okay. But that's not how space works. Like obviously the ideal like position is like
row four or five in the direct center, right? And then the next best one is like the row behind that
or in front of that in the same exact position. But then it's a, there's diminishing returns.
You get too close. What am I fucking even seeing? Is that, is that, you know, Bradley Cooper's nose?
No, it's a house. It's a raccoon. It's a raccoon. God damn this movie's transportative.
Did you guys, did you guys remember, did you ever like when you were, you know, a teenager
going on some dates, did you ever encounter a thing where like you'd sit and be by yourself
and then either like it was always older people or like, you know, like wanting to sit close to
you, like, I know what you guys are going to get up to, not on my watch.
And I want to, or, or explicitly on my watch, only on my watch.
I always got it. Like they were just trying to like ruin whatever, you know, necking I was
planning for that evening. But maybe they were just going like, no, go, go on.
Wait, you're telling me that, uh, old people tried to ruin something for me, Travis?
I don't know. That doesn't sound like their MO.
I think your mistake was being that the same movie that an old person would want to go see.
Well, that's the thing is if you're like 15 or 16, that is your, like, you're going to see
the toy story too. And guess what? So are super old people because they know there's not going
to be any violence or boobs in it. I have a, a theater etiquette question for
you guys. And I want to know if I'm making too big a deal out of this. I, uh, the, my,
my like theater pet peeve that, I mean, obviously the, the obvious stuff, you know, talking during
Godzilla and, and things like that, that drives me crazy. But, uh, people who continue their
conversations once the trailers have begun, is that not, is that a DMZ or is that like,
is that still a safe zone for chatting? Because some of us like trailers more than movies.
A lot of times they're like short movies because I don't, I, I don't know if you guys know,
I'm a dad now. I don't get to the theater a lot. So a lot of times trailers are going to be the
closest I'm going to get to seeing that movie. So basically you're in, you're ruining the movie for
me. Here's, I actually have a rule of thumb about this. If the movie theater lowers the lights to
the same level that it's at for the movies, you lower your volume to the same level you would for
a movie. If they take the lights to half, you can continue your conversation at half volume.
Are you saying that in case of technical error that brings the house lights to full mid film,
you will just start shouting. Have you ever been in a movie theater and they brought the
lights up to full? Has everyone just stayed quiet? No, everyone goes, Hey, whoa. Travis actually
follows that. I don't know if you noticed this, Justin, but Travis follows that rule
with just his everyday sort of life. So like during the intimate times, maybe in the bedroom,
he's like, Oh, what do you, I can't understand what you're saying to me. Are you trying to be
intimate? Turn the lights up. My pee pee is ready. Well, turning down a little bit,
maybe in the middle, Travis is basically photo sensitive at a baseball game at night with all
the lights like blasting those fucking Friday night lights. Forget about it. Forget about it.
He is the loudest thing in the universe. You guys want Yahoo? Absolutely. Yahoo was, um,
so who was sent in by a man named Drew Davenport, a legend one might say. Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Pineapple Lifesaver, who asks, why do so many people buy Lunchables?
You could put your own together for a lot cheaper. Just put some meat, cheese and crackers in a
Gladware container. Well, fucking thanks, Einstein. It's an update. It's not cheaper though for the
tiny handful of food that you get even at $1. They're using the cheapest quality of ingredients,
buying some cheap turkey, American singles and Ritz saltines will give you the same amount of
10 or more Lunchables for half the cost. Holy shit. That can't possibly be right.
All right. First off, last for me. They're saying 10 or more Lunchables for half the
cost. We're talking about 20 fucking homemade Lunchables per Lunchable proper.
That's a lot of margin. Has anyone ever bought a Lunchable thinking, I am, I'm a thrifty consumer.
This is, yeah, you're not, you are neither a thrifty, you're not fiscally smart. You are
not making a good nutritional decision. You are basically just saying, I, I'm a piece of shit.
Well, I just want to do things. Either you're saying like, I'm a piece of shit, or you're
saying like, you know what? I'm going to little kid treat myself. Hey, eight year old Travis,
who only wanted Lunchables all the time, but his mom packed him like actual sandwiches and apples
and stuff because she cared for him. But at the time he would look around the other kids who ate
Lunchables and think, what fun lives are they leaving? If only I was more of a Lunchables type
kid, but I wasn't. So maybe 25 year old Travis buys eight year old Travis a Lunchable and sends
it back to him through his tummy. We've got to go back. Can an adult not just enjoy a motherfucking
Lunchable though, without those auspices? You guys are throwing a lot of shade at Lunchables right
now. I knew we, I knew we love horses on this podcast, but I did not know we love high horses
quite so much. But are Lunchables not the same? Like I put them in the same category as, uh,
the Hot Pocket. The Toaster Strudel. Yeah, that's a fucked up Venn diagram you just weaved. A Hot
Pocket's a lot of work. You gotta push the buttons and, and a lot of fiddling. A Lunchable,
you have to construct your own. They don't just hand you a package. That's customizable. Kids
love that. Let's um, we're getting away from the fucking heart of the matter. Um, and I want to
get us back to it. And now, okay, if you want to fucking time travel, I'm eight years old. I roll
up to school. I bust out a Gladware. DIY. It's a, it's a Lunchable. You've written Lunchable on it,
but you spelled it differently to avoid copyright. Griffin, what the fuck is that? It's, it's a,
it's a Munchable. It's a what? A Munchable? Dad, my dad made it for me and he said it's just as
good. And what are you? I'm literally gonna cry. I'm literally gonna. What are you all eating?
Uh, we're eating Lunchables that, uh, their brand name Lunchables that our rich parents got us at
the store. What was yours called? Munchables. What's in it? Um, looks like some, looks like
I got some oyster crackers and a nice note. What seems to be a hair. It looks like a hair. I'm,
this is one of my, this is one of my new dad Jerry's hairs. The container smells like salami
because it used to have salami in it. That's how we got it. We can't afford to buy Gladware either.
We're just reusing the old containers. Have you guys ever noticed with Gladware when you store
like a, maybe like a tomato sauce or a base product in it for an extended period of time
and then you wash it and it's still that color? Yeah. What is happening there? What is the
porousness of the material? I think it is photosynthesis. Is that, is that osmosing
through the, through the plastic? Can you, is this a, can I rock Munchables in the modern workplace?
If I roll up and I have a fucking Gladware container and I've written Munchables on there
in a Sharpie and maybe some of the letters are backwards, uh, just to like really drive it home
and, uh, I'm just like, Jerry from accounting walks in and he's like, what are you eating there?
I say, oh, Munchables. Uh, and that. Wait, hold on. That voice worked for the eight-year-old.
Yeah. I prepare a fucking snack cracker tower and I eat it from the top down like a T-Rex. Uh,
am I okay? Am I good? I think, I think, I think if you, if I got to watch you do that,
just make a huge stack of crackers and cheese and meat and then just deep throw it. Just put your
head at the top and just keep jamming until it's all gone. Munchables. These, what, these are
Munchables. Yeah, I'll make you some. I'll bring some in tomorrow. The weird thing is it's like a,
the sadness is greater than the sum of its parts because if you just brought in like a container
with crackers, a separate container with cheese slices, a separate container. But that's not weird
to me, but you put it all in the same container and transport it that way and it's like a hundred
percent sadder. Of course, context is important in this situation. If I eat crackers and then
in another room I eat some lunch meat, it's not going to be a thing. But if I try to give it my
own DIY fucking Pinterest branding, then we have a situation, all right? I, this is an interesting
question for you about Lunchables. If you go to a party, let's say, where there are crackers and
cheese and little pieces of meat, I don't think there's a number of those things that you would
eat at which point you would say, well, I've had lunch now. Me? Did you have lunch? Yes, I did.
You guys are limiting your scope to the fucking snack cracker Lunchable box set. There was a lot
more variety in there for our dirty North American bento boxes, essentially is what we're talking
about. I don't know if you guys ever sampled the pizza, which was pizza but cold. I have very clear
memories of watching an adjacent rich kid eat the pizza Lunchable and being physically repulsed at
the idea of eating cold, all of it cold. And they would call it pizza and it turned my stomach even
more. Let me take you down the Oubliette to even further just peer into the darkness with me and
we'll talk about the definition of the word soft taco because Lunchables also had that gain. It
wasn't especially on point because you had a round thing. It was the pizza crust. It was the fucking
pizza crust. And then they had a cold, essentially giant ketchup packet, but instead of ketchup,
it was ground meat question mark. I don't know how you would meet was a meat was in quotation
marks. It was also an acronym. It was as bad news bears. I don't know how you would recreate that
for the Munchables brand, but I think that there is a lot of opportunity in there. We could probably
get some vegan free option, vegan free, gluten free, no vegan. I think all Lunchables are inherently
vegan free. Anyway, this person has a great point. I'm going to take this to Shark Tank. Thank you,
Yahoo. A few years ago, I took the plunge and moved to Reykjavik, Iceland. It's a beautiful
country and its popularity as a vacation destination has been growing over the past few
years. There are frequently cruise ships docked here, which discharged a few hundred tourists
every few days. Man, I hope this question is about a grift. I haven't finished it yet, but
when I walk through the city, I encounter lots of said tourists taking photos.
My question is, what's the acceptable social norm when you encounter someone taking a photo
and you're passively through their field of vision? Should I wait for the person to take the photo,
continue on my way, regardless of whether or not it would ruin the shot? Any advice you could
offer me? Much appreciated. That's from In Frame in Iceland. That's beautiful. I'd love to get up
there sometime. I was just watching The Simpsons about that. The travelogue of The Simpsons.
Do they get the Aurora Boreanus up there? The David Boreanus? That was in the episode of The
Simpsons, so I'm hoping so. I say keep on keeping on. I think JKL, I think just keep living and just
keep walking. If they get you in the shot, then they have actually gotten some fucking local
wildlife in the picture. Yeah, I think you go one step further. I think you don't just
walk through. You get in the shot. You pose. You act like, look at this! Give it kind of a thing
like they asked you to be in the picture, or even better, they were like, hey, Steve, get over here.
I'm going to take a picture of you. Then you just kind of pose and gesture towards the mountains.
I think it loses some of the magic if they have to ask for it. Then it's not candid. I think maybe
you carry around a giant swordfish with you, a really big swordfish that maybe has a little bit
of ice still on it. Whenever you see somebody taking a picture, you scurry over there as fast
as you can, and you hold that swordfish over your head proudly, and you make like a jovial laughing
face. It's like, look at this, I caught this local swordfisherman mid-catch. How happy is he? God,
I wish I was that happy anymore, Diane. That's how memories are made. I think it's all about
your angle. If you're behind the person, then you're local color. If you're in front, in the
foreground, you're messing up the focus. You're making yourself, I mean, you're basically turning
it into an album cover for you. That's such a good question. Are these people taking photos of the
scenery, or are they taking pictures of people? Because if it's of people, I'm way less likely
to keep going. But if it's just taking a picture of a beautiful building they found or a lovely
landscape, yeah, I'm just going to keep walking. I think the problem, though, with your guys'
two lines of logic is that you're thinking about the feelings and desires of the picture-taker,
and not my own feelings and desires, to become either an internet meme of like swordfish Iceland
man, or maybe a local legend vis-a-vis the mothman. Only I'd be swordfish man, and I would
I would carry with me portents of terrible destruction. So like you would hold the
swordfish, but like maybe have your back to the camera and just the last minute turn and look
back. Just like half a face and a swordfish. And it's like he's in every photo. He's in every photo
that's been taken in Reykjavik today. How did that happen? Oh, it's just like on, oh what's that show
with the kid from the Dawson's Creek, and then it's the fringe, it's the fringe, and there's the
bald man. He's in all the photos, and he's holding a swordfish. It's also Dawson's Creek. There was a
season where there was just a guy just, and he had a swordfish, and he was in every shot of the show.
Did you guys know the observer, which Travis refers, is from Huntington, West Virginia?
Well, you just think that because he's fucking all over the place. He's everywhere. He's everywhere.
Did you watch the show? Yeah, I mean I watched the show. I'm just saying he's from Huntington.
Did you get the symbolism of the swordfish? I saw swordfish. Keep going. Keep going with it.
Keep going deeper. That's all. It was inoffensive, I'd say. Some of the hacking was a little harder
to buy, specifically the Hugh Jackman hacking. Specifically all of it. Hugh Jackman. Don't buy it.
Keep going. I don't have it. What do you want me to say, Travis?
Johnson-Wolter was in it. Read another question.
I wish Johnson-Wolter got more work. There, I said it. My wife is terrified of round fish.
Uh-oh. We like to be outside. See what I mean?
I love adventuring in the water. Okay, stop right there.
Pump the brakes, chief. I love adventuring in the water, but anytime we leave the shore,
my- Are you a pirate? Like just the beach. Okay. My wife freaks out because there might be round
fish near her. Apparently flat fish are fine. She agrees it's an irrational fear, but just-
Let me just finish this. She agrees it's an irrational fear, but just today she ran crying
to the shore because a four-inch trout swam by her. I'm sure that's something she wanted
the internet to know. Great job, sir. I don't want to give up my aquatic activities,
but I don't know how to help her get over her fear. N-B-N-B-A-M. What do I do? And that's from
ichthyophobicintribe. God damn, Justin.
Nailed it.
You just said that word fucking- Even like sleep battle.
Just like saying your words is not like your best thing,
and that's the hardest word I've ever seen, and you did 100% right.
Also, you said Reykjavik really good.
You did a great job.
Great job.
Thanks. Apparently what I've been missing all these years? A reason to live.
Yep. So-
Who knew?
Round fish. Is that-
Round fish? Okay, what are we talking about?
Is it everything but a stingray? Because bad news bears, that's the scariest fish that exists.
No, what's the one that's the one that stays on the floor of the ocean,
but it's just like it has the eye on both sides? Perch?
I mean like, is it like how Nemo's are flat and like fish like that,
like that don't have a lot of girth?
And then there's like the sea man, and he's got the face and he's all round.
No, Travis.
Nobody. Nobody's afraid of sea man. Everybody loves sea man.
So kind.
Okay, so the one thing that is weird about this is that I'm assuming if it's trout,
aren't trout just exclusively freshwater fish?
Yeah.
Am I incorrect here?
We have no way of proving that. Probably not.
There's probably one trout that swam in the ocean was like,
I'll kick it here. And then they had-
I get way more worried about like aquatic life when I'm in like a lake or a river.
Above the ocean? More than the ocean? Really?
Yeah. I just find it much more, I think in the ocean it's just, I don't know.
I get a much more like under the sea kind of vibe.
And I guess when I'm in freshwater, I get more of like a opening of true blood.
Okay. So is it possible-
A big old catfish swimming around through the reefs.
You're assuming that the fish in the ocean are just like,
we live in the biggest fucking body of water.
There's fucking rules.
And fish in a lake are like, God damn those ocean.
Our shit is like one, one trillionth of one percent of ocean.
Cool. Glad we're here.
Right.
Would love to catch a plane and what's that? No fish planes.
Yeah. I guess that makes sense.
Oh, my body would die in the ocean. That sounds fair.
Thanks fish Jesus.
I'm real confused. If your wife is so afraid of fish,
why, why is she continually putting herself in a position
to be the only place where fish are?
Well, it sounds like she's doing that to please.
Well, why not canoe? Why not perhaps get a pontoon boat?
Because then you're just like above the thing that you're afraid of.
And they'll jump into the boat. You see that shit.
You watch videos of like surfers like surfing
and then like a stingray jumps through them.
It's like, hey, great job catching that wave.
You have a stingray shaped hole in you now.
Can we focus? I think that, you know, a fear of fish, that's fine.
I have a fear of mice. People have fears.
My friend John Mahaffey is afraid of spiders so much.
I think he pooped his pants when he saw some.
Okay. People are afraid of things.
Again, this is the episode where people say things about people
that they don't want said about them on internet.
What I am more concerned about is this guy is apparently so...
We have two references to his aquatic pursuits.
He loves adventuring in the water
and he doesn't want to give up his aquatic activity.
What is he doing that this is such an inconvenience
that he would come to us over this?
Everybody gets one pretty much.
And this is this guy's one.
What is he doing in the water that is so sacred
that he can't give it up for his lady?
Aquatic activities. Very, very suspect.
You know what you could do, right?
You could go to a pool.
I used to, when I was a kid, I would sometimes get into the deep end of a pool
and I would have the thought, what if there was a shark in here?
And then over the next few minutes of being in the deep end,
that thought would gradually congeal to, fuck me.
There is a shark in here.
So if you're wondering if people are born with anxiety or they develop it,
I think you have your answer now.
So Justin, the fact that you could see through the water didn't do anything?
Don't matter. Don't matter. He was behind me.
He's avoiding me.
He's made of glass.
Glass shark. Glass shark.
Glass shark love fat kid.
That's one thing about glass shark you gotta know.
Glass shark, he loved a fat kid.
You stay out the water, fat kid.
Glass shark coming for you.
He get you down there by deep water.
That dark water, fat kid.
No go.
Glass shark come to that dark water.
Get you fat kid.
You swim around and you bite your trunks right off, you tubby little fish.
You swim all you want, flop and flap around. Glass shark gonna come.
Glass shark behind you, fat kid.
You gotta swim.
Swim faster.
Pretend there's a corn dog at the end of the pool.
Get out that dark water.
That dark water and glass shark coming for you, fat kid.
He make you a snack.
He make you a snack.
He eat your brother.
He don't care.
He glass shark.
He in that bad dark water.
Swim on over here.
Why don't you cool off a little lemonade, wave that glass shark, move on down the next pond.
Get that next fat kid.
Don't let him get you.
You seem all right though.
Oh, fucking glass shark.
And a friendship is formed that lasts the ages.
Oh my god, glass shark.
By the way, that guy wasn't black.
He was from Louisiana.
Oh, sure.
We all got that.
Just wanted to clarify.
Should we go to the money zone?
Okay.
This week's episode is brought to you by Prosper.
Just the idea that you can have money.
Enjoy.
The idea of being prosperous.
It's brought to you by positive visualization.
Focus on the word prosper.
No, what if you knew that 72 hours from now you would have $35,000?
What would you do?
Coke bender.
Coke bender.
You pay off your credit cards, start a business, whatever you want to do.
Prosper is the place you can go for a low fixed rate loan.
Now, listen.
This is not the kind of thing that you typically come to us for.
We get that.
You're already coming to us for this kind of thing.
We know you're someone who likes to take chances.
Okay.
Prosper is the high tech answer to personal loans.
They got a peer to peer lending process.
They don't charge a bunch of fees.
They don't raise interest rates.
And you'll never ever, this is the best part.
You'll never set foot in a bank.
Listen, like anyone who's ever looked for a loan before.
It's like a sweaty, awful process.
You know what I mean?
Even if you know you have good credit and you know you're in a good place,
there's something about sitting down in the bank and having someone sit across from you
while they go through every inch of your life in front of you and judge whether or not you're
a good bet to give money to.
So why not do it over the computer and not have to face that kind of judgment?
You know?
No sweat required.
No sweating.
But here is, if you think about it like any kind of funding site, this allows you to say,
I need a loan for, you know, maybe you're doing a big cross-country trip or you need to,
you know, fix the stairs on your house.
Something like that.
Something that you need a loan for and you plan to pay back.
When you go to Prosper, you say, this is what I need the loan for.
And then people throughout the world can give you that loan.
And then, and when you pay back your loan, you're paying back them.
So there's no bank involved.
It's other people are giving you the money you need and then you're paying that back.
And if you get a loan through Prosper and you tell them the brothers McElroy sent me,
you can get a $50 visa prepaid card when you get that loan.
Just go to prosper.com slash my brother.
And you can actually get your, you can check your rate like instantly and it won't affect
your credit score.
So you can see, you know, sort of where you can get in at by going to prosper.com slash
my brother.
It's all one word.
Travis, you have to read this legal stuff or else all three of us will go to jail.
And you know, if you have any questions about it, there are other restrictions apply.
You got to see the site for program and visa prepaid card details.
All personal loans are made by web bank, a Utah chartered industrial bank.
It's a member of FDIC, equal housing lender.
So just go check it out for all the details.
This is like a real ass thing.
This is just like some funny website.
You can tell it's a real ass thing because there was text we legally had to read or else
we'd all go to jail together.
Go check it out.
That legal text.
You know what?
When you're getting your prosper loan, I have a great idea.
When you're getting prosper loan, maybe cut yourself off just a little bit extra.
Maybe just slide a few extra bucks in there.
So you can go to naturebox.com and get yourself some food also.
Maybe you need a loan for snacks.
I need a snack loan.
You're not going to need a snack loan with these snacks because these are affordable.
They're healthy.
They're delicious.
There's no trans fat.
There's no high fructose corn syrup.
Some of the snacks are low in sugar and don't have gluten and they'll ship to you for free.
You go to naturebox.com slash my brother and you pick out the snacks that look good to you.
Are you guys rocking anything new?
I haven't got a new box in a while.
The peanut butter nom noms are very good.
I'm actually on them.
We got a coffee coated popcorn.
Oh, that sounds amazing.
Amazing.
I'm on a fog cleanse actually.
That's where you just...
Oh, thanks for asking.
It's where you just eat fog.
You just eat fog, whether it's like natural.
I mean, obviously the natural stuff is the best.
If it's a foggy day outside, you just go outside.
But otherwise you're going to need like one of those fogger machines that they use for like
Easter pageants when they roll away the stone and it's like, whoa.
Oh, but once you finish your fog cleanse, go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
You're going to get 50% off of your first month's box and delivery is always free.
So you don't have to worry about it.
I'm telling you, every week it seems like more and more people are saying like,
I finally tried it.
Thanks.
It's wonderful.
So what the hell are you waiting for?
What are you even doing?
I got a message for Steven from Tacoma who says a happy birthday because you couldn't wait and
opened all of your presents before your actual birthday.
I went ahead and bought another one and hid it.
Here's your clue.
This one isn't in my office or in a closet.
Good luck.
And hopefully you don't find it before they read this message.
If you do, you owe me like a whole dollar.
I'm confused is I thought for a second that this was the present and that they hid it
inside our fucking brains and voices.
Oh my God.
That's the best place to hide something.
I think total recall.
I got to say, Steven.
Do you need to slow your fucking roll for like a minute?
Do you not know how presents work?
They are a representation of how thoughtful I am about like how much I know about you.
And if you look that shit up ahead of time, you ruin it.
You ruin it.
And I'm just, I'm just going to throw this out in the day and age of Amazon and everything
getting shipped to you.
If you're within like two weeks of your birthday and you get a package, don't just tear into
it like an animal.
Clearly, clearly it's a birthday present, you fool.
Yeah.
Savor the flavor.
Yeah, savor the flavor.
It's from me, but really it's for me.
Speaking of which, Griffin, one quick break.
Griffin, I wanted to thank you because right before this podcast, my wife and I enjoyed
the chicken pot pie that you bought for us and it was off the charts.
We sent you that shit like mouth sloppingly delicious.
Three weeks ago.
Yeah.
We were in the hospital for a little while and it's kind of hard to get home to cook
a pot.
I'm saying, but it was, it was still cool.
I'm saying get pie.
It's in the freezer.
Okay.
It's fine.
It was absolutely delicious.
I'm not going to mention who, who made the pie initially because pay me.
Yeah.
But, but yeah, it was delicious.
I wanted to thank you for that.
Well, thank Rachel.
I didn't, I didn't get, I didn't get you a pie.
I didn't.
Technically.
You got me lots of stuff.
I got to tell you, I technically, I technically did also not get you a pie.
My wife, my very thoughtful wife did.
It was, it was really good.
Okay, enough of that bullshit.
Here's the greatest money zone spot we've ever had.
Oh Jesus.
Who is this message for?
It's for present day, Chris.
And who is this message from?
From past Chris.
Hey me, how's it going?
You're probably stressed at work when they're reading this.
So I hope this cheers you up.
Speaking of work, did you get a new job yet?
What about your gender stuff?
No rush.
But have you figured out any of that?
Is the cat still peeing on the rug?
I bet he is.
That PB boy can't be stopped.
All the best, you.
And when asked what date he wanted, he said, surprise me.
Oh shit.
See, this is how you hide a fucking present.
Fucking Chris hid a fucking present from himself.
And he gave me the joy of giving it to him.
I'm going to throw that out.
I'm not going to jump to conclusions.
Yeah.
But it's the greatest thing.
All I can picture is that Chris hit enter in the keyboard
and then erase this memory.
Just somehow there's like a eternal sunshine
on the spotless mind was gone.
This is solving a sustainability problem
that we've had for so long now, which
is that if everybody on Earth buys a money zone spot
for somebody else on Earth, we are
halving the number of money zone spots
we could ultimately get if everybody just bought them
for their own fucking selves.
And then that's a direct ROI.
Travis says that this is the best money zone message ever.
Is this best better than thanks for vibing
and keeping it tight?
Hit me up.
I'm on my mobile.
OK.
OK.
That wins for best content.
This wins for best concept.
Conceptual.
By the way, if you have not yet been in my brother,
my brother, me appreciation group on Facebook,
get there, get approved, and see the illustration
that Lucas Williams created for thanks for vibing
and keeping it tight if you need me, hit me up on my mobile.
It's a baby talking into a cell phone.
The baby's in it.
It's pretty good stuff.
The application process is, I'm not going to lie to you guys,
it's pretty strenuous.
I check how many groups you're in.
I see if you're in any bullshit groups,
and then I say, yeah, OK, you can come in.
If you post shitty memes, or listen to my podcast,
or degrading photographs, no thanks.
We don't need you here.
We don't need your services.
Or try to sell jeans.
Or try to sell jeans or sunglasses.
A lot of people on there seem to sell jeans.
Just come to the group and start selling jeans.
If you're made of cyber bits, you are not welcome here.
No thanks.
No robits.
I have a Yahoo answer.
Do you guys want it?
Wait, before we go on, if you would
like to buy a Money Zone spot for someone you know.
Or yourself.
Yep.
Just go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron,
and they're going to set you up for all that birthday messages.
And if you have a website or a product
that you want us to talk about and tell people to go check out,
just go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
This is episode like 215.
We've been with Max Fun since like episode 38.
And I still get emails every week, like six or seven,
that say, how do I get a Money Zone spot?
Well, that's only because we're fucking terrible
at telling people how to do anything.
So I'm going to make sure I say it again.
Maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron.
Thank you.
I love you.
Hi.
My name's Dave.
And my name's Graham.
Now, what do we have to do to put you
in a brand new podcast today?
Yeah.
What, do you want me to drink bleach?
I'll do it.
Yeah, Dave will drink bleach.
If that's what it takes to get you to listen to,
stop podcasting yourself on maximumfun.org.
Don't make Dave drink bleach.
Just listen to the show.
He will, but don't make him.
Stop podcasting yourself.
Here's a Yahoo answer that was sent in by Alan Black.
Thank you, Alan Black.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sass, who asks,
is there a traffic ticket for sexting?
Hypothetical question.
That's it.
It's hypothetical.
It's fucking hypothetical until it's not anymore,
until it's manifest.
I'm confused by the parameters.
Are they saying if someone sees you sexting
while in a car in general?
Yeah.
Or is it like while driving?
Because I feel like that falls under a different category.
It varies from state to state, right?
Could be if you're texting in your car no matter what.
Yeah, you're fucked.
If the car is at a stoplight, you're fine.
Just don't move while you're texting or sexting.
There was a whole 15 minute spot on Car Talk
about not sexting while you drive.
Is there fucking really?
You could tell me not to move while sexting.
You might as well tell the sun to stop shining.
Yeah.
I got to move till I find the exact right angle.
I'm going to find my light.
I'm going to find my angles.
Going to model H2T.
That is head to toe.
I'm going to I'm going to booch.
I'm going to smize.
I can't sext.
You're going to take a picture of my dick?
No, do not do that.
I'll take a picture of my dick and balls.
No, no, no.
You're not going to do that.
You're not going to do that.
Sexting I don't think involves dicks or balls.
Okay, so maybe I'm just going to text like
I'm going to use my wiener so good on you.
So good.
You're going to really enjoy it.
This is pretty hot so far.
I think you're going to thoroughly have a good time.
Your comment card is going to be all fives.
You're really going to enjoy it.
Oh, God, a police officer pulls you over.
Excuse me, sir.
Were you texting while driving?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I just, you know, I, I am too busy and like this message
couldn't wait the four minutes that it was going to take for me
to get to fucking super America.
So I am sorry.
I was texting while driving.
I will take that ticket now.
Hold on a second.
Can I ask the subject matter of the text message of the SMS?
Yes, it was, it was of a medical nature.
Okay.
I mean, as you go a little bit deeper.
Was it about how good my wiener is?
It was about how great my wiener is.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I have to take you to double jail.
You know, there's a new campaign to, but when you get into a car
to text your friend hashtag X and to let them know you're driving.
Hey, just to let everyone on my contact list know.
Meemaw, Meeps, Peepaw, Peepums.
Everybody.
My hashtag X.
My old landlord's wife.
When I lived in Chicago.
Do need you to know it's just hold off for just like 15 minutes
till I get to the super America.
Couldn't you just not look at your phone?
Are you kidding?
Have you met a 14 year old?
No.
A 14 year old who's driving and sexting.
And he's drunk.
Yeah.
And he's drunk and high.
We're in a blindfold.
This kid is reckless.
He's probably high.
He's got a knife in his mouth.
He's got a knife in his mouth and he's high because he lives in Boulder, Colorado.
And he doesn't vote.
He just complains about how it turns out afterwards.
Motherfuckers never voted.
And he's always high and he's driving and he's a danger to us.
What's that in the back seat?
It's a monkey.
Wait, what?
Where are we?
There's a monkey in the back seat.
Wait, is the monkey supposed to represent danger or awesome?
Just the kid's back of the bone.
Oh, maybe it's a helper monkey because the kid has no sense of judgment.
Okay.
The monkey's in the back going, I don't know about this kid.
I don't know, Robbie.
Maybe take the knife out of your mouth.
Robbie, you should pull over.
You should get on high.
You should put the knife down.
And you need to text your dad, your mom, and everyone you know, hashtag X.
And maybe don't talk about your dick and balls when you talk to that nice girl.
Well, nobody should fucking be sexting.
You don't need me to fucking magic decision monkey to tell you to do that.
Or a comedy podcast.
Here's the more you know PSA.
Don't send pictures of your privates to anyone or descriptions of your privates.
That link, that's worse in a lot of ways, depending on how good you are at writing.
Justin, go ahead with the next question.
I work in a call center.
Part of our job is asking the client if there's anything else we can do for them before hanging
up.
Maybe four or five times a day, someone will say, yeah, the winning Powerball numbers.
What?
That's crazy.
Do you work at like a fortune telling place?
I don't think you delivered it correctly.
Let me try.
Okay.
Yeah, the winning Powerball numbers.
Okay, that's funnier.
That is better, actually.
That is funnier.
I know they're trying to be funny and nice, and I don't begrudge them.
But after hearing that same joke, and there are actually four sets of quotation marks
around joke, infinity times, I'm incapable of polite laughter and sit there like a weeping
angel looking into a mirror.
Are there any funny responses that you could help me add to my repertoire so that I don't
feel like a humorless ass five times a day?
Is there anything I can do to associate this terrible joke with a good one and make it
funny?
And that's from Fake Laugh Failure in Philadelphia.
Here we go.
Do you want it?
First, let me say one thing.
You only need one response.
Really.
I mean, you can have more in your quiver, but the person's not going to know.
They're not going to know.
They're not going to talk to Steven like, did you talk to that customer service person?
Yeah, what'd they say to you?
I did my great job.
Fuck.
Quick question.
Do you want it to be funny to them or funny to you?
You're trying to re-yuck a yuckster?
No, no, no.
I'm saying like-
I think Travis is pointing out one of the sort of, one of the facts of growing up is
that you tend to, you learn to treasure jokes that aren't exactly funny, but are serviceable
and make sense and can get you out of a conversation.
Because I'm going to tell you, here's the thing.
As someone who's worked customer service and had to deal with these people at work,
they're not trying to be funny.
They're using this like a fill in the blank, drop it in so they feel like they've had
some kind of interaction with you.
This is like a thing they say when they can't think of something to say, like, how you doing?
You know, oh, weather, huh?
You know what I mean?
This is just a filler thing.
You are trying to normalize the behavior of fucking space aliens, Travis, because the
normal thing that you say when someone says, can I help you with anything?
When someone says, can I help you with anything else is no.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Great service.
You don't even say that last part.
You don't even say no.
Thank you.
You say bye and you hang up the fucking phone.
Sometimes you say bye because you're talking to a human automaton.
Is the transaction over?
Can I can I detect that you were trying to wrap this conversation up?
I'm going to save us both a lot of time and just end.
Just cut the line.
All right.
All right.
Let's think of some not funny.
Okay.
But serviceable answers.
Let me throw one out just to get things started.
There's a three in there somewhere.
That's all I'm allowed to say.
I like that.
Let me throw this out.
Travis, I swear to God, if you say, I'm going to start taxing you.
There'll be a tax.
You're going to get a bill.
Where's this bill come from?
Try this one on for size.
Oh, fuck.
Put this in your pipe and smirk it.
Okay.
Okay, Justin, you give me the Powerball line.
Nothing on my sleeve this time for sure.
Why'd you try that?
Okay, Justin, give me the Powerball line.
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
Well, I'd love to, but I'd get fired.
Wow.
That fucking gave me the douchiest chills.
Fuck.
Okay, wait, hold on.
Try it.
Can I try one out?
You both did one.
Let me try one.
Okay.
Travis, you do the prompt for me this time.
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
69.
You make a vigorous blow job.
Okay, Justin, give me a line again.
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
Six, 17, 23, 38, six, five.
Oh God.
What just happened?
And then you hang up the phone.
Travis, give me the line.
Okay.
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
36, 24, 33.
Maybe she's Sir Mixalot's girlfriend.
Kids, Justin, give it to me.
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
Sir, I have a lot of people to get through today.
Do you need anything or don't you?
Yeah.
The winning Powerball numbers.
Please.
I need some escape.
I need an escape hatch for this life.
This prison life that I've constructed for myself around myself.
My family and I are so destitute.
I've been out of work for six months.
That's why I called the Butterball hotline.
It sounds like I'm hanging on by a thread here.
Sounds like you're in dire straits.
So 69.
I'll get you out a lot of workplace pickles.
Get you out a lot of workplaces.
Yeah, that too.
Get fired.
Let's end the show.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're done.
Hey, thank you all so much for listening to My Brother, My Brother, Me.
I sure missed doing this with my brothers.
And I miss seeing all you all and hanging out with you all.
And I'm certainly glad to be back.
So thank you for listening to our show again.
Thank you to people tweeting about our show like Kyle Starr, Peter Alan Boyle, Rich Wilson,
Todd Hauser, Steve, JB, Paul Briner, David Lasky, Rocket Man, Sam Dean, Lynn Bravo Alpha,
Rocket Man again, Mia, Dan Hendrickson, so many others.
We're at NBNBAM on Twitter.
So you can just follow us there and tweet at us using the NBNBAM hashtag.
That'd be great.
And thanks for all the nice feedback about the Adventure Zone.
Yep.
D&D episode.
We're out.
We're fit.
We had a lot of people asking if we're going to release the rest of it.
Like that was all that we've played.
But we are figuring out what doing more of that looks like in a podcast.
Not this podcast.
But maybe another one.
Speaking of other podcasts, if you enjoyed this podcast and you haven't listened to the
other Maximum podcast, you are cool.
There's tons of them.
I'm not going to try to list all of them because there's way too many.
But I just saw on Twitter that Lady2Lady just recorded an episode with French Stewart.
Oh, don't tell people that because then they're going to try and fucking shame us
because we were horrible to French Stewart.
We were not.
It was all in fun.
It was all-
It was not in fun or in jest.
We were fucking horrible to French Stewart.
In our defense, those were in the days when we couldn't imagine anyone would ever listen
to our show.
Correct.
That was not as long ago as I think you guys think it was.
That was like 199.
I'm sorry, French Stewart.
We're fucking growing.
We're learning that when we say things about human beings, sometimes those human beings
can ostensibly hear what we say and it hurts them.
It would hurt me.
So go check out the other Maximum podcast.
Yeah, please do.
They're really great.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us.
We love you guys.
Yeah, I really-
It's a constant joy.
I want to thank John Roderick, too, and The Long Winters, as long as we're thanking people
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a great album.
I was listening to it on the record player earlier today.
I played it backwards and I heard John Roderick's dark regards.
You guys want the final yahoo?
Yeah, hit me.
This final yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
It's a yeah, Drew.
Uh, this yahoo user, Steven, asks,
What is the best moisture of all to use for lovemaking?
Oh, golly.
I'm Justin McElroy.
And I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, everybody.
I'm Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
Every Tuesday, we bring you Sawbones, a marital tour
of Misguided Medicine, a show about all the dumb, weird,
terrible ways that we've tried to fix each other over the years.
You know, some light summer listening.
Maybe you want to hear about yogurt enemas
or why we tried to eat mummies for a while
or why drinking cholera diarrhea sounded like a good idea.
That and so much more is waiting for you every Tuesday
right here on the Maximum Fun Network
with Sawbones, a marital tour of Misguided Medicine.
