Hello Maximum Fun Convention. Ladies and gentlemen, it's 10 a.m. on a Sunday, the funny hour. The
best weekend of your life is ending. You got three hours of sleep last night and you have
a double hangover. Who's ready to laugh? Let's chuckle up, people. Let's do this. Chuckle
up and deal. How was everybody's fancy dress party? You're just cheering. We need answers.
Yeah, I need specifics. Everyone shout a detail all at once. Everyone looks so wonderful.
Sexy? Did anybody get any camp strange? If not, it's not too late. We have bathrooms
all over the place. It's a very open show. It's a very permissive environment. Just keep
it down. Unless we stop being funny and then distract away. So we, no intimidation or anything,
but we're the last thing that happens at Max Fun Con. The good news is we haven't seen
anybody who's way funnier than us for the past 48 hours. But one of the things we learned
from watching some of the shows we've seen, like great shows like Riff Tracks, Jordan
Jessica, the stand up show last night, and Susan Lee, everybody married, usually people
like buy me some time. Listen, we have a long show to get through. There's still a notepad
up here that says pussy on it, by the way. Cool, cool. One of the things that we learned
while we were watching some of these other shows is that preparation is so important.
So I realized we should have done some. So I made, in conjunction with the boys, I made
this presentation about some of the things that we should have prepared. By the way,
Max is my brother, my brother and me live, face to face five, the fifth element, which
is laughing. And I'm your little brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your sweet, sweet baby
brother, Griffin McElroy. So presentation. First thing that I should, that we should
have prepared, a PowerPoint. No one uses this at all. And you're tech savvy. Sure, sure.
That's what that means. I got these with the PowerPoint Linda class that I took online.
So that's thing number one, a PowerPoint. Lots of the shows had those, and we should
have done one because it looked great. A second thing, breaks. This is important because this
is a long show, and Jordan and Jesse left for a while. That would have been good. I
had no idea we could do that. Didn't know that was an option. Yeah, did not know that
was an option to do a cinematic entertainment. That's a great idea. Like 10 minutes. You
want to be funny. That would be like sweet, sweet water. If somebody on your podcast,
and unlikely cases, they have irritable bowels. Yeah. Unlikely case if you're on a podcast,
not nobody up here. Yeah. Maybe traveling upsets your little guy. Tell me. It's actually
the it's, it's the, it's the height up here on the mountain here at the fucking throat
of the world. It's the, the air is really, is that the correct term? Throat of the world
high schools, right? These kids are going to school in Game of Thrones. Musical interludes.
This is good because people always like those. And again, it gives the people of an irritable
bowel a chance to, not a lot of time, but. If Jordan and Jesse go didn't go long enough,
Ashcon could have just kept repeating the chorus for like another 20 minutes and they
would have been fine. I have no, we have no such padding. If any of you know any songs,
you want to like hop up and don't do that. Don't do that. It's our, this is our fucking
time. It's our time. Speaking of this being our fucking time, famous guests. Okay. Usually
that's hard because they have to come to the place you're at. We literally could have spun
around three times and gone, you. We could have put honey on our hands and caught three
guests. Now here's the thing. Here's the trick though. Here's the important, important bit
about this. We talked about this one. We just didn't want to share the attention. It's like
to be, let's be honest, the funniest person in a room and for 48 hours you have to watch
other. Thank you, ladies. A little less uproarious next time. Others know that this morning I
might have accidentally when talking to Cameron Esposito referred to myself as the funniest
person in the room. It's one of those things that pops out of your head and immediately
go, Oh, I'm a douche. And then it's at max. You're lucky if you're the funniest person
in your jacket. So we didn't want to share the attention. We also, if we fail so, so
miserably, we don't want to drag anybody else down. Exactly. Speaking of failing miserably,
the last thing we should have prepared is jokes. Many people had jokes written. It was
like a theme. It was a theme of preparing funny things to say. So if it doesn't pan
out like that, we didn't know that was part of the rules. That was not in our packet that
we could prepare jokes ahead of time. So instead we're just going to do what we normally do
and take your queries and turn them alchemy like into wisdom as well as answer some questions
from the horrible, horrible people on the Yahoo Answers service. You guys want a Yahoo
right now? Yeah. Ready? Guys, it's not to you. It's to us. No, but hey, do you want
a Yahoo? This Yahoo was sent in by Steve Lewis. Thank you, Steve. It's by Yahoo Answers user
Bob123. Bob4562003. Cool, cool. 2000 other two guys. Bob and then all those numbers asks,
I often fantasize about my wife transforming into the She-Hulk. Is there any real way to
make this happen? I had a dream about her transforming into the She-Hulk and was wondering
if there is any scientific way to make her really transform into a She-Hulk or a She-Hulk
like creature. It would be amazing to watch her turn green, grow huge muscles and watches
her body burst through her clothes. I will pay any amount. I know a foolproof way to
make that happen. Leave the toilet seat up. That's the kind of caliber of joke you get
here at Maximum Fun Con. We've been prepping for this and I've done that joke three times
and it has not worked any time and yet I persist. I'm like Lawrence of Arabia. I'm really glad
that this gentleman, Bob, asking this question clarifies that money is no object. Yeah. That's
a weird cross-section. How rare is it for somebody to be obscenely rich that money truly
is no object. I'm a billionaire playboy. They also have a creepy She-Hulk finish. I just
like the idea that the only thing that's been holding this back from being scientifically
possible is the cost. Sure. It comes down to you're going to need your wife's consent.
That's number one, guys. Don't try to push this through. It's going to take years of
cross-fit training to really rip and blast. That's a very slow transformation. I think
this guy is very clear about wanting her to go from 90-pound weakling to 200-pound muscle
beast that can tear apart his house. You're also going to have to get her green, which
is I guess paint, I guess is the best way to do that. I would assume so. I've never
performed this act. This is not my... It's great though because once you get her there,
you can act out your She-Hulk fantasies or your Blanca fantasies. Sure. I guess Jolly
Green Giant is a... That's one. You could have her not paint her body green and then
she could just be Lou Ferrigno. I'm sure there's some people who would enjoy that. He's a very
nice man. Yeah. And my wife already doesn't listen. What's that mean? In the show? It's
Lou Ferrigno. Oh no. Oh no. Stupid. All the best jokes you have to tell people why it's
funny. There's a comedy scene. This is a wannabe comedian convention, right? There's your first
lesson. The best punchlines have to be explained. Cross-ditch it somewhere. Did I put vodka
in this? No. I have some actual questions that people have actually asked us. People
who listen to the show, not just randos on Yahoo Answers. Don't you judge me. Oh no.
Griffin's laugh. Who brought the dork? Sorry, everyone. Can someone run to the kitchen just
real quick and get some... Just run to the kitchen real quick. Can anyone take off his
shirt and just... Does anyone have a Swiffer wet jet? Just an old t-shirt. Have you had
a mishap? I'll use the pussy paper. By which I mean the paper that says pussy on it and
not something else. Just blot it up with that. I always imagine that if something goes wrong
with these things, you can say it in that voice and something will happen. It's our
fifth show and this is the first thing that's gone wrong. I think that's okay. Yeah. So
anyway, questions from actual real people. First question. My fiance and I are getting
married on September 1st and we're having a bit of dilemma on our hands. We want a kid's
free wedding, but we don't know how to nicely tell family members to leave their youngsters
at home. We don't want to beat around the bush or be blunt. The last thing we want is...
Okay. The last thing we want... That means contrary thing. The last thing we want is
for a bunch of children to show up because we were too vague. Whether this is accomplished
by indication on our invitations or through another method, I leave it in your hands.
Chris from Burlington. Quick note, I have made it very clear you should leave nothing
in our hands. That's a bad place to leave a thing. Yeah. We have those big clumsy like
linny hands and we'll just pet it to death. Thanks, Demetri. Demetri got that, everyone.
It's from a book, you guys. I thought you guys were nerds. So here's thing one, clown
at the door, I think is going to be... Just put station a clown right there. No kid's
going to come through that threshold. You kidding me? But then you're going to need
an extra storage facility to scare the frightened children. Oh yeah. Like a corral, you mean?
Yeah, yeah. Something the clown can drive them into. Yeah. Yeah. Move along. Move along,
Skyler. That's a kid's name, right, Skyler? Jesus. Jesus. Help us, Jesus. Is it possible,
could you maybe put on the wedding invitation, the normal stuff, Max and Susie are getting
married this Sunday at the church. It's going to be real cool. I hope they have more notice
than this Sunday. Sunday, Sunday, Sunday. Max and Lindsey are going to holy matrimony.
It's pretty last minute, but we don't really like each other all that much. But on the
invitation, can you also include, we'll have fish or chicken if you want that, and it's
going to be real beautiful. And also we both just found out we're sterile. Wait a minute.
And if you bring your kids, it's going to be a constant reminder as you walk down the
aisle. Why would you think they would mention that they're sterile if not for a goof? Right.
So they're mentioning it so that everyone else will feel really bad about bringing their
children. About bringing their children. That's correct. But thank you for joining us at our
day of holy matrimony. Yeah. Right. We're glad you could be here. What is the problem?
What do kids do? Is it they spill pudding? Is that the problem? That's it. We're going
to have a giant pudding fountain at our wedding, and we're really worried about these kids
getting into it. Although I don't think a kid could take the reality of a chocolate
fountain, which is very popular at weddings now. If you say a kid, show a kid like, it's
infinite. Maybe that's it. Just let them melt down at the door. Get some smelling salts.
Would this necessitate the adoption of a flower man? Just like walking down the aisle like,
hey, what's up? Petals. Petals. Or unless you can build a Vicky. Build a small wonder
Vicky to be your flower girl. Topical. We're hitting all the big pop culture hits. Oh man.
Next up, Turner and Hooch. Don't miss those goofs.
Here's a Yahoo answer. It's sent in by Christian Vezina. Thank you, Christian. It's by Yahoo
answers user Ross, who asks, getting my dog medical marijuana. Help. Stick with it. It
starts off kind of sad, but okay. Okay. My dog has a sore and it won't heal. My dog may
have cancer. I looked up dog sores, not healing, and that is a sign of cancer. All right. Still
going. I need to get my dog THC to help fight off the possible cancer and help with the
pain from the sore. I am on probation, so I can't fail my drug test. The weed is strictly
for my dog. It will be her first time. Should I buy swag or some good weed? I don't know
if I should get her super stoned being her first time. And that's from teach the dog
to smoke. Can I take a quick medical timeout before we get too deep into this? I'm just
going to ask my wife, Sydney, do you smoke people with cancer? You smoke weed. Are they
sitting at the party? Are you good? Um, is it because it has cancer fighting agents or
is it to distract from the fact you have cancer? Shit. Really? What? Okay. So the guy is confused
about dogs don't know anything. They don't have to be distracted from the depression.
One day they go to sleep. Nevermind. I'm not gonna talk about, I'm not going to talk about
dogs dying this show. Tune in next week. The thorniness of this situation, uh, is that
first of all, it's, it's totally contrived. You're obviously, you're obviously trying
to get some weed for yourself in a very perplexingly roundabout way. No, I would like to be at that
probation hearing. Listen, it's secondhand. My dog has cancer. You asshole. I was getting
my dog wicked high. Who feels bad now? He doesn't have thumbs. He can't hold the bong
and the hot dogs. That's the problem. That's just it though. The dog, if you can't fail
your drug test, you're going to have to teach the dog how to smoke weed and teach them how
to hold it together. You're going to have to teach the dog to smoke weed in another
room by itself so that you don't get the sweet, sweet wafting. Listen, my nanny can't work
a DVD player. How's my dog supposed to start fear and loving in Las Vegas? I love that.
I love the mental image of like your dog becoming like a shitty college roommate, like hangs
out and smokes weed in his room all day. Like, Hey man, you want some? Like, you know I'm
on probation. If you want to listen to some Incubus, it's going to be real cool. You know
I'm on probation. I can't listen to Incubus. Is that a weed band? Incubus? Is it still
a band? Wow. Not a lot of Incubus fans. Maybe the wrong demographic here. I want to take
everybody inside the joke for a second. I just, I just, I was up here and I decided
to make that joke about fear and loathing in Las Vegas and I had a good 10 or 15 second
panic attack where I was thinking to myself, please don't say the one where Nick Cage
drinks himself to death and please don't say the one where Nick Cage jumps out of an airplane
dressed as Elvis. Please say the right movie that has Vegas in it. So I'm glad it panned
out and if it, if that was wrong, please don't tell me. I'll never realize it. It was right
by the way. It was a good thing. You did a good goof. Thanks. That was the best goof.
It was a BTR goof, but at least I didn't. No, that was like A plus. Why are we drinking
screwdrivers? I mean, I'm very appreciative for the screwdrivers because it gives daddy
his courage, but I already have so much acid in my stomach from the past 48 hours. I think
the thing is we're gonna, we're gonna go mimosas and we didn't have the prep to get it together.
We were too lazy to make mimosas. We got an open stove. Liza Minnelli makes mimosas and
we can't be bothered. She's still out there. And she's fucking lazy? What are you saying
about Liza Minnelli? No, she's a hell of a performer. You should, and you should see
those gams. Fuck you. Listen, day in, day out at the Palms Casino. She's doing a show
there and it is, she does all the hits. She even does a touching tribute to her mom. There's
a hologram of Judy Garland. There's some weird phenomena of laughter happening. It's a big
hologram audience. It makes perfect sense. Guys, real quick, I want to talk about Comedy
Bang Bang. It's a new TV show that starts this Friday at 10, 9 central on IFC. It's a half
hour comedy show hosted by Scott Aukerman, who is hilarious, with guests like Amy Poehler.
This Friday, it's got Zach Galifianakis who discusses what would happen if dogs could talk.
Tune in. Hey, so, uh, uh, uh, we have a question asked from somebody who is here and they can
feel free to raise their hand if they like. We're not. If you're ashamed to be a part
of this, I understand. I don't mind. It's about, it's about butt sores. I don't, I don't know.
I'm sorry. I was going to say, no, it's not about butt sores. I'm sorry. It's about being
on, Griffin had to excuse himself from the podcast for a minute. It's about being on
job hunt. Does anyone want to claim it? Okay. It is you. Okay. Hey, you got it right. Um,
so Lindsay asks, I'm currently on the job hunt and it is the worst. I graduated with
BFA in theater design and technology a few years ago and although I really love it, I
felt the stability of a more traditional job. The only non theater job experience I have
is one of a brief customer service gig. So my resume is pretty sparse. At this point
I'm down for anything more or less. What should I do? That's from Lindsay. Um, do you know
anything about making PowerPoint presentations and booking famous people? I'm making people
not like nervous in front of other people. Yeah. Reminding us to take our pepsi. Yeah.
Slapping drinks out of our hand the night before we perform. You have to be funny in
eight hours. Uh, so when you say theater designs, it's pretty broad. Where was it like lights
costume? Hey guys, I happen to know a little bit about theater. All right. That's, this
should make for great. It happens to be my profession. Lighting. Ah, that sucks. What's
your point? A computer can do that nowadays. Learn, learn to build things. Computers can't
do that yet. Yet. What if she learned to build the computers? What do you know about computers?
I've had a computer thing or like a snake. You're learning about pythons. Well, if you
know pythons, since Jack Hanna would love to have you come on. We actually need a new
Python lady, which isn't a job so much as it's a title. It's very, it's very, it's very
close to a Carney. Um, the Python lady. But, uh, listen, I didn't appreciate how much you
guys laughed at us for not knowing about Python. This is the wrong, but I guess when I did
a Skyrim goof earlier that a Python would probably fucking guys. Tough crowd. This is
awesome. So let me pull it back in. You're the one I turned to to reel it back in. I'll
be the anchor of this team once more. Um, so anything, it's not a theater job. So like
every other job. Yeah. Can you travel back in time and retroactively study a different
profession? I guess it's like literally anything else. I mean, they're probably human beings.
The only thing that human beings, I watched a documentary on Netflix about eyeballs. You
don't see like people, you see the light refracting off of the people. So you are responsible
for all human sight. So like any other thing, any other job depends on lighting. So I guess
just say that to an employer at Arby's. And so Mr. CEO, this ends my presentation on eyeballs.
I will look. It's eyeballs colon. Please hire me. I will look for my first paycheck. Uh,
so have we helped you? Uh, are you rich and famous out? We, we, uh, you can do this. This
is easy. It takes literally nothing. It takes literally no degrees that qualifies to do
this. Um, so that didn't go over well. Yeah. Jesus. You could all do it right now. That's
who wants to trade out. I will tag you in. I would love to just catch like a 20 minute
power nap to be completely honest. Uh, this Yahoo answer was sent in by Krista Whelan.
Thank you Krista. It's by Yahoo answers user Alphonse who asks, would you attend church
more if they served pizza for communion ceremony? Only if it was bagel bites. Yeah. I would
go for the pizza alone. The heck with their dead guy gods and their mythologies. I would
be good just long enough for the pizza and beer. It's a little, was that you or the,
no, no, no. I, you know, you know where my heart is. It's with both Jesus and pizza,
which is why I could be so, so down with this idea. I think this is the kind of reinvention
that the modern church needs. Right. Well then why stop there? If you're going to do
like pizza for the community, why not make like a, instead of the wine, some Josta. Yeah.
Six people know what Josta is. Josta! With Guarana. I think, I think it's, I think it's
definitely time to turn up the heat because all we've had for a while is churches trying
to lure young people in with like, check it out. We got acoustic guitars now. Did you
see? Um, I think we need to make churches as, as. Like what? Like give me some, what
are some innovations? What's going to make it. When I say rad church, what do you think?
Like a right. What if it was a righteous church and we could say righteous both in the Jeezy
way and then like the surfboard way, like first United Methodist righteous church. Give
me some, what's at the righteous church? What can I entertain? You can have like, uh, you
can have bagel bites instead of communion, Josta instead of wine. Um, what? Skyrim. Skyrim.
Sure. You can have kids love. Skyrim in place of what? Like the Bible? Or like it's one
in and one out kind of thing. You can't just add it. You can have a, you can have a water
slide that goes into the basically you want to make a church as though it's run by the
kid from blank check. What if God had a million dollars? What if God were a call kid and he
had a million dollars? What wouldn't he do? No, no, no, no. Oh, it looks like I ran over
God's bike. Here's a million dollars. Thanks, Carla Gugino. Hey, by the way, what if God
had a Carla Gugino? Uh, the movie Blank Check if you haven't seen it has a love affair between
a 10 year old kid and Carla Gugino. It's a pretty messed up movie. Scott, there's a lot
of blank check fans. I'm learning so much about like three people in this audience.
Yeah. Um, so another question here from a, a, a, a listener of ours. I have a friend
who will be getting a puppy soon. She is excited. I would like her friends and family. She would
like her friends and family to attend a puppy shower. We're ready Quetzalcoatl. Come get
us a puppy shower. I'll a baby shower. It's so wicked. Not a baby shower. Yeah. The extent
to which it's not a baby shower. Come on guys, I'm having a taco shower. I'm going to make
a taco and then I'm going to eat it. Come bring me gifts. Guess the flavor. That's right.
It's taco. The best part came with taco showers. Um, so it's a baby shower and they says in
parentheses, gifts are expected. I refuse to participate in this and all puppy themed
events. I anticipate invites to fur further puppy at birthdays, graduations and wedding
parties. Wait, what? We have a hard time pushing through gay marriage, but puppy marriage is
totally cool. As long as it's between a girl puppy and a guy puppy. Um, God damn it. How
can I decline politely? And when she asked, explain my decision without hurting her feelings
or telling her she's crazy. And that's from pup P kicker. Um, that's a little, that's
taking a little too far. It's a little too much. Uh, I kind of feel like if someone gives
you an invitation to a puppy shower, it is actually an invitation to end your relationship
with them to, to, to discontinue your association. Like, Hey, this is your out. Uh, you're not
just explain it to them. Like, no, no, that's dumb. You're a stupid person. What kind of
friend are you? If you don't let them know when they're doing or know the war, you wouldn't
come to my taco shower and you expect me to roll up to your puppy shower. This, this thing
is the worst thing that you're doing and I'm your friend. So I'm going to tell you, that's
really your only two options. Either you discontinue the relationship, which listen, that's where
I'm leaning, but I don't have, you know, I, you know, your friend didn't save me and I'm,
I don't know what it was that is keeping the two of you tied together. It's very easy for
me from my position here at the throat of the world to tell you to end this relationship.
Um, additional details. My friend once saved my life. Yeah, right. Uh, yeah, that makes
it adds up. You either have to, you either have to end the relationship or talk your
friend out of this. It's the worst. You get a puppy and it's like, just go with, like,
just be at my house now. You're a puppy. Can I, can I throw some, some ideas, spaghetti
against the wall and we'll see if it sticks. Yes. There's my idea. Spaghetti out. Just
picture in your mind's eye, uh, a puppy in like a Justin's graduation robe. And I like
tell me that you couldn't, you couldn't get down with that. Okay. All right. I could go
that far, but I think once we get to like puppy gift registries, I think I would probably
have to back out. Puppy funerals. I know I'm not. You were all on board when we're against
the birthday. If we're going to create something, you're all in favor of the funeral, right?
You're right. If we're formal, if we're like, if we're building these codified ceremonies
for puppy events, it will be fucked up not to do funerals for you. I told Griffin that
we couldn't pull it back from ending a question about we're going to try everything about
puppy caskets and how tiny and adorable they would be. Go on. Think about it. And you're
laughing. The casket would have four saddles on it so that four smaller puppies could carry
it. Hey guys. Yeah. I'd like to slow it down for a minute from time to time. Whenever I
decide that the crowd is special enough, I like to create a little something for them.
So I've written, fuck this. Oh, God damn it. So I've written a mad lib. He's written a
sad lib. It's a sad lib. Don't let him ever try to convince you otherwise. I've written
a mad lib. Yeah, actually he wrote a jumble of words and you all made it sad. And everybody
here, they contributed words. And it's because you people are also special to me and I love
you so much. You do a sad lib voice when you're trying to get into it. I'm trying to be as
pathetic as possible so people won't beat me up. Mission accomplished. So I made you
this thing from my heart. Okay, now if you're not that familiar with that show, here's a
few things you should know about this bit. It's not funny. We stopped doing it. We stopped
doing it. You know why? It's not funny. I made it because I care about you all. It's
just that you're so special to me. And I made so many friends this weekend and I feel like
this is a safe place where people can just be themselves and we don't have to be afraid.
And so I decided it's a page and a half long, but it's from my heart. And I'd like you all
to join me on this rollercoaster. I'm on Facebook on my computer while you do this. Okay. Your
girlfriend's gonna write on Facebook about how good it is while I do it. He's gonna live
Facebook my mad lib. I wish I could poke this bit to death. I am. I don't actually want
to be sitting here and be associated. Okay. They don't want to be swept into the glow
because I love you so much. I love you all. I love you all so much. So this is a special
thing that I've written for you, my friends. And so he goes a little something like this
and it's, it's all about Max Fun Con because you guys are so special to me. Each and every
one of you. I am. And it goes a little something like this. Um, and basically how mad live
works. And so if anybody needs to know, we'll talk about it afterwards. I'll tell you all
about it. Um, it was a scrumptious and salty day at Max Fun Con. The tuba had risen and
all the dinosaurs were chirping. Jesse looked down from his library on high and watched
all the cats attending the conference as they began flying one another. He smiled to himself
flyingly. Now I want to take a short break from the narrative here to thank the person
that gave me both of those words. When suddenly David Reese punched into the room, sir, the
bears are fisting the horse. Are you laughing with me or at me? And the unicorn has already
slept. And if we don't exsanguinate the shoehorn soon, then this whole place could push. But
Jim, but Jesse simply macerated and placed his and placed his elbow on David Reese's
spleen. Don't you worry. He traipsed. It's all going according to diving board. And if
anyone would like a copy of that, it'll be available in my book coming out soon. There's
orange juice everywhere. Who did this? I hope it's available in your obituary. He doesn't
mean it. I mean, he doesn't know how to express himself. That's exactly. No, I said exactly
what I'm saying. Hey, do you want to I heard you guys laughing. Please don't do that. Next
time, like when you're here at Max Fun Con 2015 and you're having to hear one of these
again, like you're saying they're going to skip three years because of how terrible that
was. No comedy can grow here anymore. There really is nothing worse than choking at the
throat of the world. Maybe the elevation has something to do with the reason why people
were laughing because the oxygen, they're so oxygen deprived. They can laugh at anything.
These are the same people who thought dead puppies was hysterical. I mean, I worked that
into like a, you know, if I didn't know better, you don't. This Yahoo answer was sent in by
phallic, which isn't spelled the dirty way. I was asked by Yahoo answers user V who asks,
how do you eat a hot pocket? Additional details. I always get burned frowny face. Now the top
answer on this one was let it cool down. Oh, yeah. Much easier. That would be much better
than what I do, but I need the hot pocket right now. I'm so hungry. Uh, Griffin, I have
a method. Oh, good. This is legit. And you guys can cool it with your tears. I don't
need hot pockets. I lean pockets cause I'm an adult. Just the worst. See, it's a, it's
a pro method. You'd buy a corner off and then you buy it another corner. By the way, when
I'm done explaining this, can I get a round of applause? If anybody else imagined here,
this also, you buy two quarters off and then you blow in one and create a steam chair.
Do not celebrate his hot pocket ocarina alone. Can you open face a hot pocket? Is that, I
don't know that there are, maybe you could food process it and then put it in like another
thing. I don't judge him. You don't know him. You laughed at Travis' dumb thing. I know.
I use every part of the hot pocket. The best bits are left on the sleeve after you microwave
and not a lot of people know this. The first step with any hot pocket is you shear the
crust off to get to the filling inside. Sure, sure. You get the hot pocket rind off. I think
the saddest thing that I've done with a hot pocket. Oh God. This will be great. I think
the second saddest thing I've done with a hot pocket is, uh, sometimes I'll decide I'm
going to have a hot pocket and you know what that decision feels like, but then I'll put
it in the oven. I know I'm going to be hungry in 30 minutes. I'm going to take the time
and really make this hot pocket right. That is no joke. The fucking saddest thing I've
ever heard. Cause you could put anything else in that oven. Cause what you're doing is cooking.
That is cooking. That is what cooking is. You got, you have, I do. I put a little, um,
Parmesan on there. You fucking, you fucking chop and screw the hot pocket. No, this is
the second saddest thing I've ever done with a hot pocket. Not the first. I always get
burned. Three people over here knew what that was. How long do you guys cook hot pockets?
Two 15. Two 15? That's what it says on the foil. No, Sydney does two 15. I do one 50.
I like a little al dente. You like a little pink. You like a medium rare. You like your
hot pocket bleeding. Which is good. Cause that's pretty much what they do no matter
what. Al dente of course is French for sloppy. I like that. I like that. That cheese to just
sort of glop out. I don't like it all piping hot. What you're describing is the hot pockets
natural state of being. I'll eat them raw. I don't care. Hey, wait, like, like a hot
pocket you find raw in nature? Yeah. That's how, that's how the devil tempted Eve. Plucked
a hot pocket off the knowledge tree. The tree of the knowledge of yourself. Tree of the
knowledge of how desperately alone all of us are. My wife and I are expecting our first
child soon and we're torn over names if we have a baby boy. I don't remember adding this
question to the list. Well, we both like some names now, but my wife has suggested naming
our child Griffin. She's in love with the name and wants it to be, wants it even more
after listening to some of your fantastic podcasts. My question is, can my baby live
up to the supreme awesomeness that is the name? Signed from Griffin. Sincerely Griffin.
My concern is him falling short of the stratospheric level that MBMB AM's Griffin has set. I guess
Blake Griffin, he's a good basketball man. Uh, Peter Griffin, uh, please advise. That's
from perplexed, almost parent. Do you know how everybody thinks their kids the best?
Do you know how little anticipation you have to have your kids back? I hope he's as good
as that podcaster I like. He could be anything between here and here. Yeah, right. In this
narrow range of kid. I think that this is a availed plea for me to, uh, take this person's
child under my wing to train them. Not like, I thought you meant like for protective services.
Do you mean like, you mean like more of a rumple still skin situation where you show
up? I have not read it. I have not read the story, but you spend some stuff into stuff
and then you take the baby. Wait, what was the end game in rumble still skin? There is
no end game. It actually doesn't. He flies away on a spoon. It was mother goose's final,
uh, her unfinished. She didn't finish before she died. Mother goose died, everybody. How's
your Sunday? Match fun condo was good till the end. I'm saying I could be, I could give
this person artisanal Griffin training. Okay. You make the artisanal Griffin. I can show
not how to make an artisanal Griffin, how to be, how to just, I just love the thick
crust on the Griffin. It's so fresh. Oh, you can really taste the basil in the Griffin.
I can train them in the proper formula of hazelnut, like coffee mate to coffee to get
a fresh brew every morning. That's my only, that's my only fucking skill. Now you all
know the secret. Griffin, what you were describing is raising a child. Like you teach it the
things that you know, so it knows those things. Like, is that what you're saying? Like you
write raising a child. Like how long do you anticipate this process? Day game? I honestly,
I don't know that much shit. So maybe like a week and a half. Guys, I just got the latest
allure magazine and it is entirely dedicated to Snooki's vagina. Not again. It's called
Snooki puss. It's called allure, the Snooki puss fall issue. Why do they keep doing that?
I wish modern magazines would cater to my tastes. Like what? Like old buttons? Oh, with
the alley oop. With the commercial alley oop is Travis McElroy reading things off the internet
page that he has in front of him. Like Justin, would you say that you are more of a kooky
aunt or a cranky uncle? Kooky aunt. In terms of magazine consumption. I'm a hide the kids
uncle. Well, if you go to Penelope popsicle.com, you can get a magazine subscription from the
past for the modern magazine reader. Basically what it is, is say for this month instead
of giving, getting a magazine from June 2012. The Snooki puss issue. The Snooki puss issue.
I hate you for making me say those words. You would get a June issue from some bygone
year in the past. So it's a pretty cool idea. And you just go to Penelope popsicle.com.
And included with each one's mailing is an exciting envelope of ephemera, which I think
is ectoplasm. I'm not 100% sure. It's dead people's hair. So I look forward to that.
They get the dead people and they take a hair from them and they put them in envelopes and
send them out for good. Every month. For omens. And now here's our jingle. Wait, oom bop pa
oom bop, oom bop pa oom bop. Penelope popsicle. New magazines are bullshit. You gotta get
those old magazines. They don't talk about vaginas of Snooki. There's a key change.
Of Snooki. Penelope popsicle.com.
Hi I'm Justin McElroy here for Extreme Restraints. I'm talking to my wife Sydney. Sydney, have
you gotten the distinct impression that things have gotten, you know, a little dull in the
bedroom? Well, I didn't want to say anything. Well, it's okay. I'm saying it for you. Sharing
is caring. Well, now that you mention it. Well, great news. I bought a plug to put in
your butt. I know what you're saying. Where did you get one of that size and contour?
Well, I got one at ExtremeRestraints.com. I use the coupon code MIDDLIST and got a 20%
off of my entire purchase area if you can believe it. How did you know that's just what
I wanted? Well, there's one thing I know. It's how to check a wish list that you hide
in your copy of Fifty Shades of Grey. So go to ExtremeRestraints.com and find things like
a giant tub of lube or a cage for your wiener. You know how you're always saying you'd like
to put my wiener in a cage? Well, I wasn't going to share that with everyone, but yeah.
It's too late. This is the internet and now everyone knows, but I got this cage. Look.
I'll unzip my pants and you can look at it. That's the most beautiful penis cage I've
ever seen. That's what marriage is all about. ExtremeRestraints.com. Thanks, guys. Go to
ExtremeRestraints.com and use the coupon code MIDDLIST to save 20%. There's another bit
we do on this show sometimes, but we stopped doing it because it, again... Not very good.
Not very good. Not a good bit, but lots of people demanded its return. So ladies and
gentlemen... That's not how we intro this bit, though. Hey guys, what day is it? You
didn't answer my fucking question. According to my MacBook, it's Sunday, June 3rd, 2012.
Is it really June already? Where does the time go? This slow march towards death. This
is our first episode. We are releasing this, right? This isn't just a special... Let's
see how it goes. All right. This episode is our first episode in the month of June, so
let's observe a few... I'll call them words of warning for monthly observances for the
month of June from the website BrownieLocks.com. No joke, I should have prepared this one.
Let's see. It is... Oh, God. Celibacy Awareness Month. I don't think anyone's not aware that
they're celibate. I don't think a moment goes by. Okay. Show of hands. Show of hands. No,
don't play. No, please don't. This show is depressing enough already. I'm just kidding.
I think all of you are getting it. Black Music Month. I'm sorry. Black Music Month. Jesus
Christ. It's International Surf Music Month. June is Turkey Lovers Month. It is... I think
Jeff just guessed, if I remember correctly, from the message board. It is Potty Training
Awareness Month. Okay, let's go with that. Okay. Potty Training Awareness Month. That's
the month that you make everybody terribly aware that you are in fact potty trained.
That's where you, when you meet someone on the street, say, oh yeah, I've got like a
wall of grape stickers every time. Don't even worry about it. I make the bad guys go in
the hole. It's not even a big deal. My daddy showed me where my pee pee goes. Oh, my boom
booms? Totally on lockdown. Don't worry about my boomers. They're going down the tubes.
There's a special chair that my daddy showed me where to sit to do my thing. That chair
goes on top of my daddy's toilet. He says it's only for big boys. So how are you enjoying
Max Fun Con? Okay, show of hands. How many of you are potty trained? Who up in this piece
is potty trained? Not a lot. There's like a third of the audience is like, I don't,
I don't know. I'm like, I feel like I'm close enough to master it, but I don't want to lie.
What if there's a test? What if there's a test? Oh, really? Poop in the toilet. Come
on, big boy. Show of proof time. This isn't just a podcast. It's a test of will. Potty
training awareness. Who is not aware that that is an important thing that has to happen?
That's sort of like taking your kid out of the hot car awareness. Like, yeah, you should
do that. Kids are real soft. Guys, you've got to jump in here because I'll talk about
it. What else is there to talk about in potty training awareness? Goof bit run. I'll come
up with something. If you let me dangle here long enough. Potty training. Oh no. I just
got it. Welcome. We can make people aware of the profession of a potty, professional
potty trainer. With a chair and a whip. You got to control the potty stuff now. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I tried to back out halfway through. Sometimes British people call shoes trainers.
Is there a joke in that? Let's discuss. Let's sit here for 10 minutes and think about it.
See if we had a movie right now we'd play. Like here's a movie. We're going to go workshop
some potty groups like we should have done this morning, like I said. It's okay. I came
up with one. It's my potty and I'll cry if I want to. Deal with that knowledge that I
said that and you paid a bunch of money to hear me say it. I just did the math and that
joke cost you $10 to hear. For those listening at home, I just gave a big thumbs up. What
did we do? What did we do? Oh, it's your turn. Let's do a regular question. Okay. You like
that flow? Love it. We'll edit that out. You like that flow? Potty training awareness.
Thank you. We're back. Back on top. I like to sit quietly for 10 minutes. Potty training
awareness. Oh my God. My boyfriend and I are engaged and getting married in the fall. The
issue, I hate the word fiance. Something about it sounds pretentious and like when a college
student freshly back from semester abroad in Italy refuses to pronounce bruschetta as
an English word, but insists on saying bruschetta with a Mario accent. You could do better than
that. Let me try again. This is really bad jerking off though. I'm just tapping it. I'm
just swinging it back and forth. Oh, I was misreading the motion. He can't finish if
you're laughing. Potty training awareness. For those of you at home, he's still doing
it. He's making a vigorous jerk off motion with his hands. It's like a figure eight at
this point. It's a wild elliptical jerk. It's a mobile strip of hand job. I really appreciate
that you guys are still laughing at. The reason I'm still doing it is because I know there's
one person in this audience who's like, I don't get it. I'm waiting for it to click.
I know it's ridiculous, but the word fiance is to me what damp, moist, and other pet pee
words are to others. Can you suggest some other words to refer to my boyfriend until
September? Thanks for your help. Words to refer to your fiance. Forever boyfriend. What
about Beyonce? That would make me feel pretty good. This is my Beyonce, Trevor. He liked
it so he put a ring on it. Yeah. What about calling him your maybe husband? Because let's
be honest, you're not there yet. There's a lot of things that can happen. There's a lot
of track left on this. Griffin, tell me everything you know about planning a wedding. Oh fuck,
you got to get flowers, cake. You got to say yes to the dress. You got to say yes to the
dress. You got a cake boss. You got a flower wars. You got a bucks for tux, which is a
new show on TLC. You got a preacher fight. You got a what? Preacher fight at the righteous
church. At righteous church? Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, preacher fight at righteous church.
Two men in the club are tearing it all off. There's flower boy charm school. Okay. You
know there's no such thing as a flower boy, right? Flower man charm school. That was almost
a really nice callback. Um, fuck. I don't like that word either. I don't think. Cause
every time I see it on paper, I read it as finance. It's like fiance, but with a, there's
like an N. I think I get it. That's just not, it didn't really hit me. It doesn't land.
Sometimes two words. They look similar with like one or two letters. Not every joke's
for everybody. There was that one guy who didn't like it when I did the thing with my
hand for so long. That's okay. Nothing to feel ashamed of. Can you just call him by
his name? Yeah. This is my Steve. Do you mean this is my Steve Steve? This is my Steve Steve.
Oh, because you know what the double names is forever. What if, uh, what if he has a
terrible name like Gordon and then you just don't. What's wrong with Gordon? I said it
and I can do it. He's my Gordon Gordon. It instantly makes you sound like an idiot. As
opposed to if it was a double of a normal name. Right. Not most names you can get away
with saying twice if that sounded too weird. Uh, this Yahoo answer, uh, was sent to my
Earl Parsons. Thank you Earl. It's by Yahoo answer user Dr. Terry genius. Who asked, how
do I ask my dad to stop kissing me on the lips?
You guys jumped to a conclusion. You haven't even heard the background. I am 22 years old.
He keeps wanting to kiss me. I don't want to kiss him on the lips anymore. How do I
ask him to stop? Hey, can you just, Dan, can you stop that? Let's wrap. There's only, there's
only one surefire way. And that's to grow a beard. That's, that's why our dad could
kick in that door any minute and come smooth to Justin and I on the mouth and try. What's
it? Travis and not proud of you. I heard what he did. Look to your left. Look to your right.
One of these people has a beard and their parents are apparently not proud of them.
It's like a shame, shame carpet that you wear on your face. Daddy, please. It's like a science
to me. It's just that I could shave. No, no, daddy's allowed. Yeah. This is a daddy freeze.
You could shave that into your beard. No daddies allow. And then go to a job interview. Literally
anywhere on the planet. Hello. I only know about lighting and it says this on my face.
Am I good? Do I have a kind of a job now? Lindsay doesn't have a beard for those of
you at home. And if she did, it would, she would be too tasteful not to carve anything
into it except her basketball jersey number. You have to get a third party involved in
this at this point, right? For if you're 22, you've certainly hinted to your father that
you're not interested. Are you saying it's time for litigation? I'm saying it's time
during a fire. In the final episode of Perry Mason. Uh, Perry Mason was a show about a
joke. Let me try again. Crash Bandicoot. Where's the joke? Just a word that people knew. Surefire
words. Yeah. In this episode of cherry pop tarts. Are we cool? Um, you just ask, right?
It's just as simple as asking. Yeah. And then you bring it up. Unless it's not. Can you
please stop? No, no, no. Unfortunately, I just simply cannot stop doing that. Have you,
have you seen those, those, uh, I love it. I love talking, talking meat, your talk flesh
right here. Oh, I, some of you didn't grow up in West Virginia. That's what we call mouths
in West Virginia. Not yet, but I'm trying to get it going. Um, Oh God. How many more
yahoo's do you have Griffin? I have just the one. Okay. Uh, let me ask this question. I
got a friend of mine on Facebook asks, what is the girl equivalent of a bromance? I had
always figured that girls had the lockdown on hetero BFFs since the beginning of pajama
parties and group bathroom visits and that there really isn't any trendy word for it.
But I don't want to dismiss the question before I asked the smartest guys I know. Oh God damn.
And then I emailed you guys. Yeah, right. They didn't respond to me. Thanks for nothing.
Miss busters. What do you guys, what do you guys think? God damn. Sometimes I read a question.
It's like two out of three of us are going to say something really bad and we're going
to get in trouble. Okay. So I'll go ahead and say my, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but
I want to say there's no rush. Uh, I'll save it. Okay. May I think they probably just call,
they just could say friends. Women are fucking adults. This is my, this is my friend. Janine.
I like her. We go to the, no, what's the thing that we go to the righteous church together.
We totally shred the Bible and make room for Skyro. This is taking forever. So many pages.
There's nothing. Oh God. I think I, is it possible that just like a bros before hoes.
Don't say that. Rather than O braids before O Hayes. Okay. Thank you. Cause everyone here
is an idiot. I took Maria Bamford's pig Latin class. I know what you're saying. I wouldn't
have yesterday, but now I know. Is it possible that bromance is not a term that anyone actually
like self is self-referential? I don't know. I've never heard it in the wild. Yeah. Like
no one's ever said that this is Jim. We're having a bromance. We are currently engaged
in a bromance. Right. Cause it's a, it's a weird noun. If you could say like we're bro
dating, that would be fine. We're bro talking. I don't want to come in, but he seems nice.
He seems bro nice. He seems bro nice. And he did take me to a bro dinner. So, and then
a Brodio. Can we just, can we just stop using that word? Can people just be friends? Cause
it's 2012. Is that okay? Like, can we just be all ladies? What do you call your friends?
What do you call no friends? You guys have friends? No one here. Jesus. Sisterwise. Sisterwise.
I like that. Now that does mean something else. It seems familiar. That seems familiar.
But I, I, yeah, why not? I, wow. That TV show is much different than I thought it was. I
have misunderstood. Sister buddies. It's just, it's just Cody and like four lady buds just
hanging out. Yeah. They live in the same house. They're lady buds. That's what they do. They're
all friends. That's actually what they have to tell the law. That's what they have to
tell Johnny. We're lady buds. Back off. Don't worry about it. Lady buds is actually not
bad. It's kind of close to the hit Jonathan Brandis film lady bugs. Yeah. It's some Jonathan
Brandis fans out here. Oh shit. Jonathan Brandis is here. Oh fuck. Okay. Now people at home
run back the tape and count off the seconds. Jonathan Brandis at 1001. You now know the
exact speed at which Griffin's brain computates facts. Sequest. Sequest. Oh no. His little
librarian was just toddling through the show. Stop the world. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh no. Is
it almost over? Oh, oh Darwin. Um, DSV. That's the only room on the planet that that works.
Guys, I would be remiss if I did not tell you about Bunk. It is a television show also on
IFC this Friday at 10 30 right after comedy bang bang. It is a game show for improv comics who
perform crude stunts I imagine for inane prizes. It's got categories like whose crotch is hotter,
shame that puppy, give that bitch some arms, and un-stamp the tramp. This ain't your dad's comedy.
That was my own tagline. Do we want to do that thing that we talked about doing?
How much time? We got time? We got a little bit of time. You guys got anywhere to go? You actually do.
Sorry to break it to you. If you haven't checked out yet, please leave the room and go check out
now. We're gonna try to do a thing. Oh god. I'm so terrified. Seriously, this is our fifth live
show. We've never tried to do this thing before. We're gonna take live questions from the audience.
Wait, bro. Now hold on. Please, please wait. We're gonna. It's gotta disclaim some things. Okay.
If you bum anybody out, I will savage you. That's my job. Email us if you have those.
We're not good at that shit, but if you have a problem like that, email us. This
probably isn't the best. Let's run through what we've hit so far. Puppy kicking. Keep that in mind.
Justin needs some courage. And I don't know. Just nothing. I don't know. Who's got a question?
And I want a real question. If you try to find our job, we want to split attention.
We would have had some professionals up here. Oh my God. I'm so yes. Head on over to the mic and
we'll try to answer your question. We get some humming. Can we get the Jeopardy music from
everyone in the audience? No. Oh Jesus. The power I wield is amazing. Sounds like the Jeopardy
funeral dirge. Please introduce yourself. Hi, I'm Holly. Hi, Holly. Hello, Holly. Holly,
do you understand that no matter what we say, you shouldn't do any of it? I've heard the show.
Okay. How can we help? So we recently got a fourth cat. Okay. Just to round it out.
And people told us it was a mistake. We were like, well, if we have three cats, four cats,
it's not a big deal. And now you want to renege on the cat. Well, the problem is it's not the
fact that she is the fourth cat. She sucks. Yeah. I'm amazed that your logic is 50% of cats suck.
Right. But we had three really good cats. And so we were like, oh, let's get another cat.
Pushed her luck. Yeah. That's the thing. The law of averages beat us, but bit us in the ass.
And now your cat bites you in the ass. Right. I think she would if given the opportunity.
Right. How long have you had the cat? Uh, maybe like two months now. Now,
how close do you live to the railroad? Justin? Wait, he would have meant hobo cat.
This is actually, this is actually a joke that's been made in the house before where
we're going to pack her a little bindle. A little grease paint beard.
Is that Incredible Hulk walking away music? Perfect. What's the cat's name?
It's Margo. Oh man, that even sounds like an asshole.
She's named after Margo Tenenbaum from the Royal Tenenbaums. She kind of sucked too.
You can actually, you can train cats. Right. Like asshole in what way?
She, well, she's, she doesn't really like, she likes me. She doesn't like anybody else in the
house. She tends to sort of like hiss if you come near her. She, um, she poops places. Well,
all cats poop. You didn't let me finish. She poops places she's not supposed to poop.
On the ceiling? What? How many litter boxes do you have?
Uh, we have to have five cause you have to have one for each cat plus one.
What? Hold on. What? Yeah. No, that's the thing. You have to have one for each cat
plus an extra. For those of you at home, there are way too many people in this audience
nodding knowingly. Oh yeah, sure. She's exactly right. You got to have an extra cat shit box.
What is it? Okay. We're going to need you to firm up your question. Are you asking
how to guilt-free get rid of this cat? Well, I mean, we don't want to like,
you know, we're not going to like take her out, but like, you're not going to hire Tom Barringer.
Not Tom Barringer playing a part of something. Here's the problem. Here's the problem is that
we can't give her away to people that we know because they know we've talked about the cat.
You can't use Craigslist because a Craigslist user will turn them into a hat.
Actually, I don't even think you can get rid of pets on Craigslist. I think you can if you like,
if you're selling a microwave. Yeah. I've got a cat shaped microwave. Yeah. Yeah.
I have a Felix the cat toaster. Sell her as a magical cat.
I don't know any details on that plan. I'll have to workshop it with you later,
but magical cat is the way to go, I think. This cat talked once.
It said, fuck you. I'm not going to lie, this cat sucks. Do you care enough about this cat
that you want to keep it and try to work through these issues? We are cat counselors.
We feel bad because she's not very old. We're thinking maybe she'll chill out,
but then again, I'm tired of cleaning up cat poo. Yeah, and you'll have another 20 years.
My favorite line in the Tim McGraw song Live Like You're Dying is get rid of your cats if
there are dicks to you. You shouldn't have to live another day with this cat. This is
the symbiotic relationship. It's not an asshole. You give it dry food. It's a pretty simple contract.
The cat's got to do one thing, not be a dick. Not be a dick. And your cat is violating your
sacred trust. I think, oh good, he looks at the audience judging their reactions. I think
you should try to work through it. I think just get a little extra love. You know what? Sometimes
that's a cry for help. Maybe your cat's just hurting inside. Yeah. Maybe it needs a papoose
to ride in. Maybe some- No, you can't picture that? Okay. You can picture a graduating puppy,
but not a cat papoose. Not a cat papoose? You guys are so close. Dr. Pussy's prescription is
some extra- No, but like the cat. My cat, some extra TLC. Let him watch TLC. Let him watch TLC.
Thank you. Say yes to that. Thank you. That went fucking great. Okay. Who else has one?
All right. Right next to the mic there. You understand the terms of use, right? You understand
if you mess this up, I will savage you. Again, I can't make this clear enough. Go ahead. Don't
blow it. Don't blow it. Everyone's watching. This is being recorded. Hi. Hi. Hello. What you got?
Bring it. Let's dance. Step up. Step up three podcast. What are you into? Do you like to step
up movies? Where did we switch to seduction? I missed the turn. You look like you work out.
Yay. Do you like the shins? Sorry. What's your question? Okay. What's the question?
I have a friend. He's kind of a messy guy. It's the same space. Just say it to you.
I'm going to very much assure you that this is not me. He's kind of a chubby guy. He doesn't
keep great care of himself, but he's very nice. But the issue is that he doesn't seem to wash his
socks ever. So he'll come over to someone's house, take off his shoes, and then it just smells like
all hell broke loose. Okay. What is the nicest way to bring this up to him and tell him to wash his
socks? I'm sorry. What was your, we didn't catch your name? Oh, Patrick Foy. Patrick, you got to
wash his socks. A little trust exercise we used to play back at the commune. Wash socks? What the
fuck are you talking about? I don't know. It petered out at the end. Yeah, it petered out in
the middle. Let me say potty training runs. Come on. Have you considered that it's his shoes
and not the socks? Yeah, that makes a big difference in the context of the question.
He can't wash his shoes. It goes from being lazy to unfortunate. The reason I know it's
his socks and not his shoes is that he takes off his shoes at the door, but the smell follows him.
Okay. All right. Got to cut off his feet. That doesn't fix anything. The feet are still in the
room. What did you help? For those watching at home, I just did something funny. Why the
fuck is your friend taking his shoes off? Do you live in a dojo? He likes to get comfortable,
I guess. I don't know. Then he can buy some fucking comfortable. You can buy some Crocs.
Actually, no, those are porous. He needs to buy some comfortable shoes. No, you need to buy him
some comfy shoes. Yeah. That's a fucking great solution. What about slippers? That would be
great. Say, hey- Those still aren't going to hold the funk in like you want them to. Duct tape
slippers. I haven't flushed that out. Yeah. I would say buy him some slippers. Then when he says,
he can't get mad at you because you will tell him when you give him, your feet smell so bad
and I hate it and here are these slippers I got you. I got them at JCPenney if they don't fit.
Here's a gift receipt. Receipts in the bag. I have the real receipt, but I don't want you to know
how much I spent on them. If you return them, I guess you'll, damn it. Damn it. This plan is flawed.
Give receipts fucking suck. Why did you ask? I'm sorry. You asked about gift receipts, right?
What to do with them? How to get your gift receipt? It's easy. You just got to tell him
first that you got to push the button beforehand. Trust me, I work at Sears. You can't go back.
You have to do it beforehand to print it out with the receipt. Thank you. Next question.
Thank you so much, Patrick. Thanks, Patrick. All right. I think we got time for one more.
Maybe one more. Yeah, we got one right here. The gentleman in the max fun con t-shirt.
Hit me, Jake. I don't understand exactly what we need from you, right?
I don't know if I understand many things, but okay. You're the one, aren't you?
Okay, go ahead. My name is Jacob.
Jukub, I think? Jukub. Hit me. Hit me. So I got a roommate last year and then when we signed a
year-long lease. Did you have a roommate shower? Okay, so go ahead. That's when you have a shower
with your roommate. Then yes. Let the man finish. He was my friend beforehand and after a year of
it, it's getting a little tenuous and now I'm getting to like two months left on the lease
and I have made secretive plans with another friend to go be roommates with that person.
This is very America's Next Top Model. Thank you, ma'am.
I still haven't really told him this. I was planning. I was like,
after Max Fun Con, that's whenever I'll tell him. You'll come home with a new field of self-worth.
Absolutely. I don't want to live with you no more.
I made a whole new network of friends. I don't need you.
This is such a great opportunity, Jukub. You've got to do the midnight move out.
He's got to wake up the next day and it'll be like a scene from Taken.
The whole room is destroyed and he's looking for clues.
Listen to me, whoever took Jukub. I have a very particular set of skills.
Skills are making me a nightmare. I can make a delicious hot pocket.
He says my feet smell bad, but I don't believe it.
I'm not the best at dishwashing. Do you guys live together?
Because trust me, he's not going to be broken up about it.
Can you describe without going into too much detail?
Do like eight words. Whichever is funnier.
What's he do that's so off-putting? Oh, I just found out he was kind of racist.
So I knew something a little tenuous.
This might be terrible, but I kind of assume a lot of white people,
especially white people whose last names are Thurmond, which is what his last name is.
He is actually a relative of Strom Thurmond.
Now who's racist, Jukub? Against Thurmond.
I always assume they're a little bit racist, but he's just kind of bad about it.
He used to be in such a nice neighborhood until the comments moved in.
He just throws her around a lot. So yeah, we watch NBA basketball and he'll
just say off-putting things, you know, and be like, oh, black people just making...
Oh, he'll reference black people? Oh, look, some black people.
Fuck this guy. Midnight move out.
I think the best thing for you to do is wait till midnight
on the whatever, the end of the month or whatever, and just put all your stuff in a truck.
Be very quiet. And make him wake up to an empty house.
Is there any way you can do that and also make him help you move?
Like hypnotism tapes while he sleeves or something?
Say, listen, I got a fucking great plan. Slip and slide through my bedroom.
There's only one thing I need to make this happen. Help me move to apartment on 10th street.
I think that if he is really, you know, that bad, then part of your job as a parting gift is to have
a post-mortem on the living. All right, I'm going to be moving out.
Oh, today, by the way. But before I do, let's run through some things.
You got to debrief him. You should know.
I mean, it is an opportunity for growth. It's not really your responsibility.
You've had to deal with the guy for this long. So it couldn't hurt to mention it to him.
I'm like, hey, you're kind of racist. And nobody likes that. So I'm moving.
I have another friend. So I hope that helps.
Midnight Nubat is what I'm going with.
All right.
See, at first I was going to say you got to tell him I had a time, but fuck that guy.
Yeah, fuck out.
He sucks.
Thank you, Jacob.
Just playing this episode of the podcast. Fuck you, man. You suck. You racist.
Fuck you fucking racist. Jacob's out.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
I won't do that.
Sorry, guys. This is my second screwdriver.
So let's stop the show.
Do you have any more questions?
I think we can, we can, hold on, hold on a second.
I'll be here with you people. How's it going?
So I learned a lot. I had to open my class.
What's the deal, ladies and dudes?
You can stop.
Okay.
Yeah. So, Justin.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to start the podcast.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been my brother, my brother and me.
And if I show up for the modern era.
Why are you so sad?
I'm just sad because everything's ending, you know?
Like this is the last thing that happens.
But we wanted to send you off in style.
As you know, we end every episode with a Yahoo answer.
This is so apropos because we are the final Yahoo answer of Max Funcom.
Wow, that's deep.
So if anything, this is a tribute to our final answer.
It's a tribute to ourselves.
It's a tribute to everything.
Seriously, thanks.
Should we? Yeah.
Because we're just going to fucking thanks for letting us be here.
Thank you to Jesse and everybody for setting this up.
This is, this is the coolest fucking thing ever.
And like a year and a half ago before we joined,
we went to the dinner on Thursday and I had people try to,
well, I went to the dinner because I'm prompt
and a good employee of Max Fun.
And I had people try to explain to me what the conference was going to be like.
And for those of you at home that did not attend the conference,
no explanation can do it justice of how amazing it is to be in a place
filled with 200 people that are pretty much exactly like you.
Just best friends.
Yeah, it's amazing and a great environment.
So if you weren't able to make it out this year
and you felt bad about it, that's good.
You should feel bad about it.
It's a weird school of parenting you're going with, but I'm into it.
I feel, I dig it.
So we thought for our final goodbye to you guys,
we would read several Yahoo Answers.
These final Yahoo Answers were sent in by Vanessa Williams.
This is orange juice, not pee on my pants.
Why is Bruce Willis bald?
It turns out that guy in Miami who was eating the other guy's face was a conservative.
No surprise there.
How much does a pyramid cost?
If you're in a car crash with a girl,
is it still okay to ask her to the prom when her legs heal?
My son didn't eat his potato salad.
Is he gay?
How am I sure that I'm the real mom of my kid?
Think about it.
Is Kelly Clarkson a virgin?
Does anybody still use this term in everyday conversation?
Well, now, during sexual intercourse, do you put the balls in?
Is it okay to defrost chicken in a pool?
Still, I feel interest for Indian moms.
I want to talk to them.
Is there anyone to share my exact feelings, please?
Are there dogs in the new Batman movie?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Kevin McElroy.
Remember, remember, let me kiss your dad's small lips.
James, where are you?
Come back, everyone.
Thank you very, very much.
