The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and my brother and me, an advice show for the modern
era. Around these parts they call me Justin McElroy. I'm your oldest brother. I'm your
middle-est brother, and people know me as Travis McElroy, for as far as they know.
Oh, and I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. You might know my Deep Web username
as Bitcoin Skrillex Dog Boner 420... 4206969. Boys, I wanted to talk to you guys about something
that is a new sort of concern, a new interest, a new worldview that I've only sort of recently
adopted, but it has become basically instantly very, very important to me, basically all consuming.
Because I don't know about how you guys feel, but like I've been looking at the success of our
show and just the millions that we're making off of it, and I'm thinking about like,
I'm trying to think about like what we've given back, just like not with the money, like the
money's fucking ours, obviously, but like... They'll get their cut with the estate tax.
Right. I think you mean the Barack Hussein Obama's death tax.
You know, a lot of people forget about the Hussein.
A lot of people do, and I think it's important. Anyway, there's a concern that I want to talk
about, and I think it's like a way that the three of us can really channel our power and use it for
good, use our broad reach for good. I want to talk to you about a Twitter user who tweeted at me
a little over one hour ago, and this Twitter user's handle is BubbleJug1. Okay. Uh-huh. Now,
you may remember BubbleJug as being the... I'm going to put quotes, big heavy quotes, bold,
all caps quotes, candy made by Nestle, part of the Hubba Bubba franchise, and it was bubble gum
that came in a powdered form in a little nasty jug. Oh my God, I remember that nasty jug. Yeah, I remember that skank
jug. You remember that skanky jug full of that basically gum dirt that you would put in your
mouth and then keep it there like a chore until gum happened. Uh-huh. It was like space age,
the dipping dots of gum. Yeah, it was certainly dipping because it was gum-based snus, and it was
as delicious as that sounds. I would love to sing for you the ballad of BubbleJug, this Twitter user
who has at this moment five tweets, and the five tweets starts off just sort of a shot across the
fucking America's bow. It is time for the global community to finally put their minds toward a goal
worthy of our genius. Hubba Bubba, bring back BubbleJug. Just like putting that out there, and
then in a separate tweet, hashtags, bring back BubbleJug and jug life. So they know exactly
what they're doing here. By the way, if you take this segment as you're going to fucking make a
revive Tastation's Twitter account and start haranguing, this is a once in a lifetime lightning
in a bottle. This was a perfect series of tweets. Griffin, can I recommend a name for the movement
or for the group that's in the movement? I mean, jug life is already very good, but go ahead.
BubbleJuggalos? It's very, very good also. Also very good. Damn it. So a little over an hour ago,
I got a tweet from BubbleJug. It said, as a true visionary DM and father of digital monsters,
you should get behind our movement to bring back BubbleJug, hashtag jug life. That's great.
Wait, so is BubbleJug no number taken? Is there already an app BubbleJug, so they had to be
BubbleJug one? I mean, Nestle probably has it locked down so that somebody doesn't
misrepresent the brand because they'll never bring it back. It's an egg. BubbleJug's an egg.
Is it tweeting like mean things that like- Nope, nothing.
Women in the games industry? No. Take this fucking bazooka, Joe.
BubbleJug has one, has two other tweets, and these tweets are to two other people,
and they are, I'm honored to be like among this sort of assembly of people that BubbleJug one
thinks is capable of getting this brand, just breathing the sweet creative breath of life
back into the lungs of the BubbleJug brand, because that list, according to BubbleJug one,
is myself and then Sean Puffy Combs. Right.
And then, of course, Lil Wayne, the Lillest of Waynes.
Have the three of you gotten together for your G8 summit this year yet,
or is that happening like in the- We just call ourselves the three Gs,
and you know that. They call it the GR8 summit. It's great.
And they're getting the jug up and running. I mean, this has certainly moved up my- Oh,
Justin, I see you've gone ahead and followed BubbleJug one.
No fucking question. Absolutely, Griffin. One thing that I like about BubbleJug,
and it's hard to pick just one, but what I like about it is you think about the four
first tweets as like a volume one of this Twitter account.
All these happened on May 24th. Yeah.
These, the first four. They said, okay,
I'm bringing back BubbleJug. Great start. Here's some hashtags for the movement. Cool.
And they said, I'm going to get the global community to put their minds to this.
I got to get some attention. Who are some people I know that can help bring back BubbleJug?
Well, Lil Wayne, got it. Okay, Puff Daddy, I'm out. That's it.
Those are the two that I can come up with. Hopefully I'll come up with somebody else soon.
Five days later. What about Griffin? Yeah, got to get Griffin on board.
First of all, BubbleJug one, I appreciate your enthusiasm. I'm considering your offer.
I'd love to leave a legacy. I've been listening to a lot of Hamilton,
and that's basically what this is about. Sure. You want something that's going to outlive you.
My sweet, sweet, dusty gum. Your BubbleJuggery.
I would love to read the product details on the candystore.com website.
Untwist the cap to access the candy gum hidden inside. Pour them in your hand
or directly into your mouth to taste deliciously sweet bubble gum flavor.
BubbleJugs are very different from pieces or sticks of gum. Each contains a powder candy.
When chewed, the candy turns into bubble gum. It's almost like having two confections in one.
Eat my asshole, candystore website.
If you first, okay, if I put the dust in my mouth and just thinking about that is like,
like I'm getting like shaky thinking about that sensation of the dust going into the mouth.
The dust, that's the worst part. Once you get, it should say that on the candy store website,
you're going to put the dust in your mouth, but eventually gum will be there where it wasn't.
And like, it's not, it is an imperfect gum delivery mechanism because essentially what
we're talking about is I'm using my mouth to cook the gum up. My mouth is,
my mouth is a little gummy oven. Your mouth, your mouth is the kiln
from which this gum will be fused. I'm Jim Nestle. Lately,
we've noticed that a lot of the sweep-ins left on the old gum making floor have just been going
to waste. Well, I said enough of that. Here's what we do at BubbleJug HQ.
We sweep up all these gum leave-ins. We put them into a jug and then you make the gum.
The jugs-
This is a task we endeavor on together.
The jug's the thing, isn't it?
It is.
Because they couldn't just, they couldn't just make a little bag.
We just sell Ziploc bags full of bubble dust.
Yeah, that would be, that's not, that's not great. So whoever thought of like,
this is the worst idea for anything to ever go into your mouth ever, but somebody was like,
well, if we put it in a fucking jug and we call it BubbleJug and we don't advertise-
Do you think they have the jugs from something else?
They're like, well, we had all these jugs because we were going to do like just
jugs full of chocolate syrup, but like nobody wanted to buy that.
Nobody wanted that because it sounds bad. BubbleJug1, your cause is true.
Your cause is righteous.
So good.
I want you to hang in there. Maybe, and this is just like, I'm not like an expert.
I think like the change.org petitions are like that whole sort of idea is just,
that's not really how the stuff works, but I will say that start, just one good starting
point is to maybe tweet this at the people who made the terrible gum to begin with.
Yeah.
Because they might have the, they are the ones who have their hand
on the assembly line switch to reactivate the bubble gum protocols.
They might be like the guy from the Rockafire Explosion documentary where they're just like
sitting on a warehouse full of BubbleJugs and they don't know what to do with them
because they don't think there's any demand for it. Exactly.
This is, this looks like fleshy sand. This looks like, this looks like what came out of
the mummy in the movie, The Mummy, when he opened his mouth.
It's what's left over if you bake clay face.
If you baked clay face, when you punch a fucking putty right in the old Z
and they disintegrate, they turn into BubbleJug. Fuck this candy.
I hope when you, when you die, you go, when you go to those pearly gates in St. Peter's
there, he's got a pie chart and he makes you go excruciatingly wedge by wedge through how
you spent your life minutes. And with this person, he's going to get to a slice where
he's like, now we come to my tastiest slice of all. This is where you spent your life
minutes making a Twitter account to bring back BubbleJug.
And I gotta tell you, me and the man upstairs, just everybody, we're really big fans of this.
This is, when we made you from like clay and dust and BubbleJug, the one thing we hoped
you guys would really do is invent BubbleJug, cancel BubbleJug, and then try to bring BubbleJug
back.
That was your 40 days in the wilderness was the time without BubbleJug.
Okay. Just, I want to move on cause we've been talking for 10 minutes about it. Long
dead candy. But the day they shut down, the day they flipped the switch on the BubbleJug
factory and then they were like, and everybody left and everybody was sad. There was somebody
left over who had destroyed, had to destroy all the BubbleJug. And you tell me how they
accomplished that. How do you destroy that? Which has been so utterly decimated. And this
is basically gum that has been humiliated.
That was actually what they used in Are You Afraid of the Dark to get the flare ups in
the fire. Not a lot of people know that.
That was powdered coffee creamer.
Well shit.
Okay. Let's do a show.
Here's our first question. This is an advice show, by the way. We take your questions and
turn them Alchemy-like into wisdom. I have a bat flying around my apartment. I've locked
myself in my room, but I need to leave it eventually for work and shit. I figured in
your infinite wisdom, that's pretty sad commentary on our audience that this question
I actually thought that they needed to clarify why they would need to leave their apartment
ever. I figured in your infinite wisdom, you'd be able to tell me how to get, how to rid
my apartment of this befangled nightbird. Please help. That's from Not A Bat Girl.
It's actually befanged nightbird, but I love the term befangled.
That's the way you got all these new, all these new gadget bats, all these new befangled
bats everywhere.
The one time I've had a bat in the house, our dad dressed up like a horseshit Batman
in a windbreaker and a balaclava and like goggles and-
A tennis racket?
Tennis racket.
I thought it was a broom. It might have been a tennis racket.
I think it was dual wielding.
It was dual wielding.
Yeah, that was his spec in college.
He was swinging wildly at this thing, and I don't know if you guys remember what happened
next, but our very old cat Sasha, who was basically on our very last legs at this point, leapt
vertical two feet off the couch, snatched that motherfucker out of the air, and brought
it to its final reward, and the cat took care of it.
So that would be my one first advice would be like to go the Fred Penner route, old lady
swallowed a bat or swallowed a cat to get the bat.
Well, none of us swallowed Sasha after-
Your apartment would swallow a cat that would swallow the bat is what I'm saying.
Now I might get rabies from it is what I know, one thing about it, one problem.
If you think about it, the bat's not very big, and your apartment is probably relatively
large compared to the bat.
Maybe you just have a new shitty roommate.
I've had worse roommates than that.
You know, that's how they measure the square footage.
They don't use that to measure spaces anymore.
It's just if you get on Zillow, it's like this home is 350,000 bats.
It's measured in cubats.
Travis, that's almost a Pokemon.
Better than this.
I'm not.
It's true.
It's a good point.
Thank you.
How do you get rid of a bat?
I really enjoy-
Ask the Joker.
Jesus.
I'm doing a Walker Walker thing, but you can't-
Yeah.
I really enjoy the idea that this person is just huddled in a corner waiting for this
podcast episode to drop, praying that we don't go late for Memorial Day.
Please help love a skeleton.
So hungry.
The bat's not going to hurt you, but that doesn't matter.
I know that the big, big mouse that lives in my garage isn't going to hurt me, but I
am still very afraid of him or her.
Travis, are you a mouse guy?
No.
I love Mouse Hunt with Nathan Lane.
I have a theory that everybody breaks down into mice or spider guys.
Like you're a spider guy or you're a mouse guy or mouse lady or a spider lady.
I vote no on to all.
See, I don't-
Spiders are like not- I don't even- Spiders, I don't trip with spiders.
Like that is- That's fine.
I'll put them on.
I'll get a sheet of construction paper, scoot them onto it, take them out to freedom outside.
That does not bother me.
Mice can fuck right off.
See, for me, I'm just like a- I'm a not a small furry thing that suddenly comes out
of nowhere and moves inhumanly.
So like-
Mice.
Your mice, your spiders, your bats, snakes, lizards?
No problem.
Got nothing.
Borrowers.
No problem. Got nothing.
Borrowers.
Borrowborables.
I watched a giant groundhog out in my yard and I was watching him sort of with novelty
at first because it was like, damn.
Fuck yeah.
That's awesome.
Look at that big groundhog.
Never seen one of these.
This is amazing.
I'm looking at a groundhog.
And then I had a moment where I was like, goddammit, it's a big rat.
And I fucking flipped.
Can you imagine if Justin saw a capybara in the wild?
Holy shit.
Well, he would be fine because he wouldn't get a second alone with that capybara if I
was around.
Don't bother me.
Don't bother me at all to see rodentia in their natural habitat, which is to say not
in my home.
I do not care to see-
Like, I don't care if squirrels are cruising around outside getting those acorns and nuts.
That's fine.
I just don't want it in my home.
You like them when they're doing hard work and preparation.
Every one of God's creatures in their place.
That's all I'm saying.
How do you get rid of a bat?
Here, we've been fucking dancing around this issue and I think I've got it.
You just make a little trail of bananas out the front door and this is a good piece of-
This is like going to be the new-
This is going to be the new pack your bags and move away because there's so many problems
you can solve with just a big trail of bananas.
But going out the front door, you got a roommate you don't like, just banana trap them.
Griffin, I'm sorry, but you're being short-sighted because you're just as likely to draw in a
chimpanzee.
You made a fat landing strip out of bananas.
I was trying to get rid of a bat and I got eight more bats.
Now I got nine bats.
And a monkey.
And a monkey.
A chimpanzee came in.
I've got that scene from Ace Ventura where everything comes out of everywhere.
We got two Dunstons and a fucking- and a Kirk Cameron in here, man.
It's rough stuff.
Kirk Cameron loves bananas.
Now, I would have to say that monkey would temporarily fix your problem because there's
no way a monkey's going to be called a bat cruising his nanas.
I can't get off my nanas.
I would rather have a monkey too because it's easier to keep track of.
It's less likely that I lose sight of a monkey.
But if you do lose sight of that monkey, it's a risk reward scenario.
You lose sight of the bat, then you just have the constant dread of like-
There's a bat somewhere and I don't know.
But if you lose sight of a monkey, it's like, oh my god, this is it.
But that's why I have the motivational poster that says never lose sight of the monkey.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
I'd love that.
I have a lot of really good ones.
Thank you to everybody who sent in Yahoo's.
If you wouldn't mind, if you could just sort of fucking flood me with your Yahoo's because
we got live shows coming up this weekend.
Yeah, same for regular questions, please.
Yeah, just send those to-
What do we prefer?
My bim bam at maximumfun.org?
Yes, that's fine.
Yeah, I certainly appreciate the help.
All my Yahoo warriors.
This one was sent in by CJ Sights Brown.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Love I who asks,
The backward, misunderstandable line of Work It by Missy Elliott.
I tried a lot to understand.
Listen carefully about the lines in this song, which Missy sings in backwards,
but I wasn't able to understand a thing and all the lyrics website has wrong lyrics.
What does she say when she sings?
Is it worth it?
Let me work it.
I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Question mark, question mark, question mark, question mark, question mark.
Can I just say how fucking bold it is to be like, I don't know what it is,
but I know that these lyric sites are wrong.
Yeah, well, yeah.
Can anyone, and then if you've got a big elephant noise,
is that the radio edit or is that in the proper dirty cut?
Is it like hog?
If you've got a big, if you've got a big ding-a-ling,
let me search it to find out how hard I gotta work you.
Question mark, question mark.
Can anyone fill out the question mark lines, please?
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Excuse me, Miss Elliott.
Are you proposing that based on the size of my wiener,
you have to work me harder or less?
I don't want to get too blue,
but Miss Elliott, that's simply not how it works.
How big is it?
Clear all, clear my schedule.
He's got a huge, he's got a, he's got a sizable Dumbo.
This is going to take all afternoon.
I actually don't know what is the inverse.
The bigger, the harder, the smaller, the, I don't know, Miss Elliott.
I do not know.
Now, off the top of your head,
do you guys actually know the answer to this?
I mean, it's something, it's whatever the song is in reverse,
but that's not fun.
I think we should give the actual, like, we should actually answer it.
Well, I think maybe we save it until after we do the jokes.
I like to establish the walls.
Okay, and then you let us joke inside of them.
But this is Justin, it would be like a choose your own adventure
in which you said, do you want to go in the cave?
If you do, by the way, you'll die.
Um, I just want to, like, I want to say that this question,
reading it has made me realize that I, when I sing along with this song,
I definitely sing something there.
Like my mouth definitely makes sounds when I'm in the car
and I'm fucking bumping work it.
My mouth, my lyrics are, it's your flippin nippets ran at them.
Yeah.
That's okay.
That's about right, right?
It's yours flippy nippy flam lam yipple is what I do.
It's yours flippy nippy flam lam yipple is what I do.
And so like-
Mine's more like I have a mouth full of peanut butter.
If I were to transcribe that, I'm a lucky individual for several reasons,
but mostly because one of my friends never like stopped the CD
and said, say that again, say that dumb shit.
You just said, it's yours flippy nippy flam lam yipple.
What do you even think you're doing, Griffin?
Words have meetings, actions have consequences.
This is from the same person though, and indeed the same track
that invented basically the phrase badonkadonk and just said it
and just trusted that everybody else would catch up to her level.
Like come on my level.
I'm calling it the badonkadonk now.
Why don't I call my penis my flam lam yipple?
Why didn't that catch on?
I think that that's my favorite thing about any like rap R&B music
is that context is so wonderful that oftentimes people will say stuff
that's like I've never heard.
It's like Shakespeare.
They've never heard the word before, but I definitely know what they meant.
Betwixt my flam lam yipples.
Mine treasure.
I don't think this question has much more legs.
Just wanted to bring it up.
It's an unsolved mystery.
That's a good one.
What do you guys want to do next?
We could talk more about-
I wanna munch squad!
Oh, fucking all right.
I wanna munch squad!
Can we just, have we tracked-
I want to munch squad!
Munch squad!
Have we tracked the engagement on munch squad?
Cause like, listen, I'm a fan of munch squad, Justin.
The food, the jokes, it's great.
It's hilarious.
Me and my kids, they love it.
I just want to make sure that when we introduce a new segment
and maybe this can be what I bring to munch squad
is I just want to make sure we've got the metrics
and we're tracking it and we're responsive.
I definitely, most of this right now, just tweet about munch squad.
I haven't really gotten anybody tweet-
What I was kind of hoping for, people would be like,
here's a candidate for the squad.
And I'd be like, you mean the munch squad?
It's a little early to be shortening it.
It took me a long time to call it.
Shouldn't it be munch punch?
No.
No, that's a cereal.
Get the fuck out of here.
See, that's why I'm here.
If you called it munch a bunch,
this is gonna be dead on the vine.
Cause munch is the cereal thing.
I'm confused.
So when I'm confused by something, I hate it.
Okay, everybody hop in the car.
Okay.
With me.
We're gonna drive on down route 10,
go past the new Huntington high school.
We're gonna turn right here, past the marathon.
And if you see the Arby's, you've gone too far
cause we're pulling into Wendy's.
Oh God.
I thought we were going to Bob Evans there for a second.
I got worried.
No, no, no.
That's over in kinetic park to the left.
We going to the world's last Ponderosa?
No, that's over on route 60, Travis.
Come on.
Oh, sorry.
We're going to Wendy's for a new treat
called the limited edition bacon mozzarella burger.
Now what, as you know, on Munch Squad,
we're not really interested with the feedback on a product.
We're kind of more interested in what the experts
who create these products have to say.
So I, here I got two,
I got two paragraphs for the press release.
This just dropped May 24th.
So this is like hot off the presses, off the PR news wire.
And they cook them on the same grill
as those delicious Wendy's burgers.
This is literally, these two are verbatim.
Wendy's just shocked fans by dropping its previously,
I know.
What the fuck is this?
Wendy's just-
Oh no, no Wendy's.
No, not like this.
Just shocked its fans by dropping
its previously unannounced limited edition
bacon mozzarella burger.
You're not Beyonce.
This is not Lemonade.
Video experience on HBO.
What is sure to be a chop topper, chart topper
on its long list of hits.
A chomp topper.
A chomp topper.
All those hits.
This is gonna fly straight up the iTunes burger charts.
I'm gonna tell you guys about the burger
and then we'll get a quote from Kurt Cain,
Wendy's chief concept and marketing officer.
The masterpiece plays tribute to Wendy's biggest
and most classic stars like thick cut applewoods
with bacon and fresh, never frozen North American beef.
Quick side note, just for legal reasons,
should be noted that fresh beef is available
in the contiguous U.S. and Canada.
So sorry about your luck, Hawaii and Alaska.
You're getting that old shit.
However, Wendy's bacon-
That aged beef.
That aged beef, classic aged, always frozen.
However, Wendy's bacon mozzarella burger
puts a new spin on things by collaborating
with flavors such as creamy.
What?
What?
You know, that creamy flavor.
With creamy sweet notes of natural mozzarella cheese.
Mozzarella.
This harmonizes a sliced red onions, spring mix
and a garlic Parmesan cheese spread all tied together.
I know what you're thinking.
Man, I really like the cheese on this burger.
Can we get a cheese spread on here too?
Indeed you can.
All tied together with toasted garlic brioche bun.
The burger redefines the genre we all thought we knew
and this hit is only available for a limited time.
So in the two things, first thing
is that in the like marketing of this product
there's some key art here
that is supposed to advertise this product.
And for some reason, continuing with this
frankly insane theme that they've created
they have made the key art for this product
look like a CD case.
This CD case actually has-
Okay, so then this has to be,
like the language that they've used
has to be like a Beyonce lemonade goof, right?
Oh God, yes.
So Travis, I've sent you a link to this product.
If you could just dip right in there
and give me some of the track list.
I fucking absolutely can't.
I disassociate-
Do not Justin, please let us not jump ahead
from the taste bud advisory
delicious ingredients indicator on the CD
just to let you know just in case.
Track number one.
Track number one is what, Travis?
Good buns, hon.
Parentheses, intro, parentheses.
Performed by garlic brioche bun
and written by That's Soft Taste.
Hit it, hit it, hit it, garlic brioche bun.
Is this that new That's Soft Taste track?
Is this Sia?
No, it's That's Soft Taste.
Track number two, Travis, what is it?
Spread it on.
Performed by garlic parmesan cheese spread
written by The Condiments.
Now I would like to point out
it's just occurred to me that this is like
and now that's what I call music
a burger compilation CD
because these are all different artists and writers.
The third is Tears of Joy
performed by Red Onion written by Mother Nature.
Show me fucking like a painting of Mother Gaia
floating over a Wendy's like,
oh yes, y'all heard my mixtape?
It is fire.
Travis, what's that fourth track?
So Fresh and So Green.
Somebody spent a long time designing this CD thing.
I, Garen, fucking tee you.
We are the only people to ever do a deep dive
into the track list of this burger.
Yeah, whoever wrote this is like,
nobody's fucking reading this shit.
I just want to get out of here, it's Friday.
A Gooey performed by mozzarella cheese
and written by All Natural.
Oh, Justin, you skipped That Oven Lovin,
a terrifying, terrifying term.
Now, is that the one performed by Applewood Smoked Bacon?
I love their shit.
Written by The Thick Cuts?
It is.
Yeah, The Thick Cuts.
Track number seven is We Can't Freeze, We Won't Freeze.
Performed by North American Beef.
Written by 100% Fresh Never Frozen.
And then there is, just in this fucking-
Hell, they're on some outcast shit.
They definitely do have the asterisk there
to reiterate that 100% Fresh Never Frozen Beef
is only available in the contiguous U.S. and Canada.
Just super want to make it super duper clear.
Even on this dumb ass track list,
they definitely, Alaska and Hawaii are still fucked.
And then, yeah, so what you don't see on here
is there's the three BurgerTime,
just the skits that they do in there,
just like break things up,
add a little bit of narrative to this evening.
Yeah, some fun.
They got Chris Tucker to come out
and just like do some skits with them.
And there's a Good Buns outro,
but it was also written by That Soft Taste,
kind of aping his own shit.
Here's the quote from Kurt Kane,
the bacon mozzarella is a cheeseburger lover's dream.
From the first bite, this combination of fresh beef
and oven-cooked bacon paired with melty mozzarella
and garlic Parmesan cheese spread
creates a deliciously unforgettable burger.
Kurt's work here is a little underwhelming.
I'd like him to get with the whole pastiche.
Hey, Kurt, can I talk to you real quick?
Do you have a second?
Yeah, what is it, Dave?
I read your quote.
It's lovely.
It's great.
It's great, we're kind of doing a whole like,
we're dropping the, it's like a Beyonce thing,
like with the album and the thing.
Could you fucking get on board for one second, Kurt?
Kurt's original quote was like,
I didn't want to do any of this.
It's a fucking burger with cheese and bacon on it.
Is your mind blown, America?
You've got what now?
Reinventing the genre.
They are, in fact, they say it.
They say they're doing that.
They're doing that, they say it.
Hi, this is McDonald talking to help you.
Hi, I just wanted to tell you,
I need you to take all the burgers
that you've already made in there
and put them in the fucking garbage can
because Wendy's just blew up the fucking game.
You never even thought about putting bacon
and cheese on your burger.
But we do this, goodbye.
Hey, it's Ronald, it's Ron, shut it all down.
Shut it all down, we're fucking idiots.
Throw it out with the bubble jug, set it on fire.
We're done with all the dumb ass burgers we were making.
What were we thinking?
I'm so embarrassed.
Someone made this.
It does look good though.
I mean, it looks like an all right burger.
I think maybe for, this was very good PR, obviously.
Sure, it got us talking.
I feel like the first episode of Munch Squad
really got me into the idea of foods
that would definitely kill a dog or a child
if they got their hands on it.
And I don't think this burger would do the job
as much as a fried chicken taco would.
Although I don't know, there is a lot of mozzarella on here.
There's a lot of mozzarella in the sauce on there too.
It's like a lot of levels.
Is that how it is groundbreaking?
When you're coming up with a mozzarella based recipe,
is there a number that represents
how much fresh mootz goes on it?
And then that number, the scale is like one to six.
And then Wendy's like, we need a new burger.
And it's like, well, what if we just took the mootz scale
and just like threw it the fuck away
and we did like 15 or 16?
They're like, that would change the game.
Cause I am looking on this and it is a gooey baby.
That's the ninth track.
I went to Wendy's Facebook page
to see if I could find some more information
about this fucking jam.
And it's literally all yoga videos.
I don't really know what they're doing.
It's just pictures that their fans have posted
and it's just their skeletal bodies
after they ate one of these
and were probably just completely destroyed
by how mind blowing.
Oh my God, they've done it.
I'm gonna call Wendy's right now and congratulate them.
Okay, so let's hear what he said.
You know what pairs really well
with a Wendy's mozzarella burger?
No, Trav, I'm not quite sure.
Neither do I, Justin, cause it's groundbreaking.
I've never had it.
But you know who does?
What?
What goes well with 13 pounds of mozzarella?
I'll tell you who does know.
Club W.
They pair shit with shit.
All the, mostly wine.
I don't think they're pairing other stuff.
But maybe they do.
Maybe in their free time on the off hours
they're just pairing stuff with stuff.
They're like, you know what hand towels
go with what combat boots?
Club W knows.
They're just nose arcing their way
through all of existence.
They're just, they ship every character
they see on every television show.
And they ship every, they're like,
I don't know, like Converse All Stars
pair great with a compound bow.
I don't know if they do it, not me.
And how do they do that?
Well, you would think like a wine club,
a wine shipment thing.
They must ask me like, do you like Rose?
Do you like Chardonnay?
What kind of kind of wine?
No, what they do is it's genius.
They have a very simple questionnaire.
Stuff like, do you prefer chocolate or vanilla?
That kind of thing.
Do you like salty?
Do you like sweet?
And through that, they're able to determine
your preferences and make recommendations for wine.
Then that wine is shipped to you.
And this is like fancy looking,
incredibly like classy shit
that makes you look like you know what you're doing.
Even though, let's be honest, you do not.
And they come with cards that like tell you
all about the wine, what it pairs with,
when it's a good time to drink it.
So you can memorize all that.
And then when your friends come over,
you're like, hey, do you like that wine?
I know it's really great with this chicken mark pizza.
I know.
And then you can act like you knew it
off the top of your head.
And it's relatively affordable.
Justin, please tell them how affordable
and wonderful it is.
Or right now, Club W is offering our listeners
$20 off your first order when you go
to clubw.com slash my brother.
Again, go to clubw.com slash my brother
and get 20% off your first order right now.
And Club W will actually pay for shipping.
They're shipping beloved characters.
They're also shipping wine, and they'll pay for it
on orders of four bottles or more.
That address, again, is clubw.com slash my brother.
Just real quick, I went down a Google hole
because I brought up shipping.
And I just couldn't, I like it.
For some reason, I had this flash thought in my head
of is there like a Tumblr community of people
who ship Frasier characters?
And the answer is there isn't, there's not.
I don't believe you, Griffin.
You don't believe me that there isn't?
I mean, there is one now, because I just like,
I feel like I just breathed it into existence.
But just like, I searched, I actually searched
Frasier shipping Niles slash G.
I would do Niles and Ross.
Like, I just feel like there was something there.
You know?
Who's Ross?
Do you mean Ross, idiot?
No, Ross, you fucking idiot.
No, I mean Ross from friends.
I just felt like there was something.
Do you remember the famous Frasier friends
crossover episode?
Nationwide obsession was whether or not Ross from friends
and Frasier were gonna fuck.
And the producers of the shows were like,
this is never happening.
Why are you people so obsessed with this?
I'm not even sure they're on the same network.
The episode was 15 seconds long, a wormhole opened up
and sucked them both into a single room.
And then Ross walked up to Frasier and he just went,
I don't want to fuck you.
And then bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow.
And put in side belt theme.
I don't want to fuck you either.
I want to tell you about some underwear
I'm wearing right now.
They are me undies and you just can't stop thinking about.
Hi, is this people magazine?
Yes, it is.
Hi, this is David Crane, creator of friends.
Could you do me a favor and please stop putting pictures
of Ross from our show and Frasier on the cover of your magazine
with a big question mark and pictures of kisses
because it's not happening.
I'm really, I'm over it.
We're all really over it.
It's not happening.
I don't know how this got started.
It's never happening.
Hi, it's me, David Angel.
Could you keep putting creator of Frasier,
could you keep putting those pictures on?
Is doing gangbusters for our ratings.
Thank you so much.
That's explains everybody's watching Frasier
because they kept watching for Ross to show up and fuck him.
Everyone's favorite friend, Ross, is he going to be on here?
It's the new will they, won't they, can they?
Because of the dimensions.
Well, because they're two men, Justin.
You're unfucking believable.
I have a sponsor here.
It's me undies.
And it's underwear I'm literally wearing right now
because they're the most comfortable,
most wonderful underwear in the universe.
They are soft.
They breathe real nice.
I was on a plane today.
I try to wear them on a plane whenever I can
because they just like, they don't bunch up and get all yucky.
It's made from a sustainably sourced modal fabric
that's twice as soft as cotton.
Just nothing can describe how good they feel.
Me undies is dedicated to providing
the world's most comfortable underwear.
If you don't have your first pair of me undies, they're free.
No questions asked.
Me undies has dozens of styles and limited edition prints
to help you make a statement with your underwear,
whether anyone can see them or not.
Shipping is free in the US and Canada.
You can save up to eight bucks a pair
with the me undies subscription plan.
Get the subscription or a single pair.
Get 20% off your first order
if you just go to meundies.com slash my brother.
Again, that's meundies.com slash my brother.
20% off your first order.
They're really, really great.
I guarantee you, you will not regret
getting these underwear and putting them on your body.
I have got a jumbo charm message
and it's for Mike and Allie or Mallie,
as I like to call them.
And it's from Chris.
And Chris says, to my dearest friends,
you have been my closest friends for over 10 years now.
And I want to congratulate you on your nuptials
with the help of the dulcet tones of the McElroy brothers.
From our times in Peterborough at PR 13,
was that like their training camp?
To Toronto and everywhere else,
thank you for being a friend
and for letting me be a part of your lives
and your wedding.
That sounds nice.
What is PR 13, you guys?
It's definitely some sort of secret underground laboratory.
Maybe a public school, probably?
No, no, it's definitely-
Then it would be called like
the Alexander Hamilton School for the Gifted.
Okay, that's true, probably true.
I think they were developing the Andromeda strain.
And fucking, you ever look up in the sky
and you see those white like straight lines up there?
Those are called chemtrails, you guys.
And they're no joke.
They're serious business.
What do they do?
Exactly, what do they do?
I think Chris, Mike, and Allie owe us an explanation.
What are you hiding?
What are you hiding, Chris, Mike, and Allie?
And what aren't you hiding?
I've got a message here for Cade and it's from Grace.
And Grace says to Cade,
happy birthday, wishing you a steady flow of creative energy
and drive this year.
Thank you for being a wonderful partner and housemate
and for introducing me to the McElroy family of products.
I love you and so does the cat,
to whatever extent a cat can feel love.
So not very much.
I like that.
I like that they said that like as much as the cat can,
it is, like we're not gonna say that the cat's not feeling love.
We just don't know what level of love the cat might be feeling.
They need a flow of creative energy and drive.
We're gonna give them that blockbuster million dollar idea right now.
Griffin, say any word, go.
Jungle?
Now Justin, say a word.
Please say two.
No, okay, Jungle Bungle's very good, damn it.
Okay, Jungle Bungle pants, go.
Oh no, you shouldn't have added the pants to it.
Jungle Bungle was perfect, Travis.
Jungle Bungle's great.
But then we don't each get to say a word.
You can't take my ability to say a word.
Travis, listen, just put an exclamation point there.
Okay, yeah, Jungle Bungle 2.
The sequel to Jungle to Jungle,
which I know it's fucking confusing, guys, Hollywood.
Because the two was already in there.
What the fuck, Jungle to Jungle?
Jungle Bungle exclamation point three.
The second Jungle to Jungle movie starring Tim Allen again.
Oh, I got a message for you, the listener.
And it's about the Useless Majors,
which is a scripted narrative podcast
following a group of recent college graduates
who, after an accident involving radioactive diplomas,
receive superpowers based on their majors.
That's a fucking good idea for a thing.
It's a great fucking premise.
I'll just, Kate, take that, do that one.
As evil forces conspire to take over the world,
our heroes have found themselves working at the mall
with the help of robots, which is ghosts of US presidents
and other crazy characters.
Can our heroes save the day?
That's good, that puts suspense right in there.
And you could subscribe to the Useless Majors podcast
on iTunes, or you can go to uselessmajors.com
and you can subscribe there.
And it looks like they're on their ninth episode over there,
so it's not too late to catch up and go do it.
Go for it, check it out, the Useless Majors.
What would my superpower be, journalism-ing?
You'd be able to find the truth in all things.
Oh, fuck, that would be good.
Yeah.
But also I would wear shorts but suit tops
and I would be kind of a jag.
I have a drama degrees, or an acting and directing degree,
so my superpower would be to live in my parents' house
for a few months, just so I can figure some things out.
Yep.
You'd be like Rogue, because you'd get
a different superpower eventually.
Your superpower as an acting major would be,
you eventually would change to a different superpower.
Is the superpower to have another superpower
but keep telling people about the superpower you used to do?
For free now?
You're like Phoenix, you're like Jean Grey,
you transform at some point.
I summon ice crystals from thin air now,
kind of just for me, at a more personal level.
In the community?
I got out in the community, I kind of got out
of the rat race with that power.
By which I mean fighting the race of rat men
that I used to battle, but I wasn't making any money off of it.
You know, you know that whole thing.
You know, you know how it goes.
I recently achieved a pretty major adult milestone,
moving into my first apartment.
I'm lucky enough to have a job that allows me to live alone,
and that has been, quite possibly,
the greatest thing that has ever happened to me.
The only problem is my mother, who lives in the same city
and wants me to give her a key.
Ooh, I have no real reason to say no.
The landlord said I could make as many copies as I want,
and I don't have a roommate whose privacy I must preserve,
but I really want to say no.
I feel like in giving my mother a key,
I'll be losing some of my newfound independence.
Does this make me a terrible daughter?
Should I give her a key and suck it up?
Or if I say no, how do I say no?
Help from Caitlin, huh?
The implication, I think, if you give your mom a key,
I mean, the implication of that is like,
I at any point want you there when I am not, right?
I mean, that's-
Yeah.
Not necessarily, no.
Well, not to rush it, but I feel like Caitlin,
like, you need to achieve a second adult milestone,
and that is to be direct with a parent.
Yeah.
And like, if you give her a key,
you have to say like, I'm giving you this,
but this is for emergencies only.
It's not like you're gonna fucking get home from work
and go to open up a cold soda and be like,
oh no, my mom came over and drank it all.
Like, I don't think that's what's gonna,
she'll probably call, you know?
I don't know, Griffin,
because I would feel like if that was the case,
Caitlin wouldn't be worried about it.
The very fact that Caitlin felt the need to like,
write in and ask us about it,
implies to me that there's at least some doubt in her mind
that her mom will not understand the boundaries
and will see it as like an extension of the house
that they lived in together.
The fact that you, yeah,
I guess the fact that you like have to think about this,
like you gotta, a door is a good boundary,
a locked door has a good boundary,
but there's better ones you can establish
sort of in the immaterial space in your relationship.
And those are also very important boundaries,
but don't lock those up, I've been Dr. Phil.
I think that's why saying something on lines of like,
this is for emergencies only,
and then if she abuses that, you can say,
I told you that that's an invasion of my privacy, mob,
like I told you that this was for emergencies only,
please don't abuse it.
But if you aren't direct up front,
you don't have any case later, you know what I mean?
You have to say like, I'm giving you this,
but like, it's for emergencies only, okay?
This is silly though, this is silly though.
Cause like, if you're worried about your mom
like just dropping in, she doesn't really need a key,
cause your mom is an international jewel thief
and cat burglar.
No, she'll just like come over,
it's like knock on the door and he'd be like,
no, I don't want you to come in.
Like that's not how-
That's an excellent point.
Yeah, the key is not the thing.
If your fear is in doing it,
just like you giving her a key is somehow giving up.
So let me tell you someone who's lived
in a lot of apartments,
I'm always glad when someone has an extra key.
When I lose my key or lock myself out
or I need someone to like go take care of something
when I'm like out of town.
My mother-in-law didn't have a key to our house for a while
and then when we needed her to feed our cats,
cause we got a flight canceled or something,
she ended up having to shove turkey slices
through the mail slot,
which is not great for cats.
She never stopped.
She's still doing it to this day.
You've ruined the idea of the mailman to your cat.
Every time your cat hears the mail come in,
it's like, oh boy, another turkey delivery for me.
Oh hell yeah.
I have a fucking good answer to this, you guys.
You ready?
Yes.
You're gonna love this.
Fake key.
Jesus, give her a key that doesn't work in the lock
and then if she tries to break into your house
when you don't want her there,
she'll have to say to you,
hey, that key didn't work
cause I was trying to break into your house.
You'll never hear about it.
If she tries to get in at a time
when like you really wish she could get in,
you can just say like, Dunk, I'm sorry.
I guess it was like-
I didn't test it before I gave it to you.
Yeah, I should have tested it before I gave it to you.
I'll know for next time.
Looks like Home Depot really wanged it on this one.
Oh well, too bad my cat is dead.
This was a bad prank on myself and my cat.
Sorry, cat.
Do you guys wanna Yahoo?
Sure.
We crushed that one.
We deserve a little treat.
This one's for us.
You gotta do one for them and one for you.
That's the Hollywood way.
Rachel Rosings sent this one,
a game recognized game, thank you, Rachel.
It's an obvious troll
so I wanna just blow through it and get to a good one
but it's from Yahoo Answers user, Mr. Brightside
who asks, how many calories are in a 2016 Silverado HD pickup truck?
And I included it because the answer is so good.
It's from Gabe who says,
this is my favorite question of all time.
Answer, enough.
This one was sent in by Lindsay Waterman though.
Thank you, Lindsay.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Sarah, who asks,
what is the cutest way to cuss?
We are really gonna earn that explicit tag with this segment,
I feel like.
Put the kids to bed.
It's about to get blue.
Oh, bubble jugs.
Dude, she had the choicest bubble jugs.
Did you check out the bubble jugs on her?
I respect them.
So fucking juicy, dude.
Wait, are you suggesting that that Pauly D voice
is the cutest way to cuss?
Let me try again.
I was trying to do baby Pauly D.
Yeah, do more baby less Pauly D.
Yo, dude, she had the biggest bubble jugs.
I loved them.
It's to me, baby Pauly D.
Jim tan laundry nap.
GTLN, ta ta for now.
I love Tigger.
I made boom boom in my diapy.
Look at the jugs.
I made a boom boom.
I love breastfeeding for a lot of reasons.
Why don't you guys come over and make some menace throne
and then blend it up?
I ain't got teeth.
Don't leave me in the hot tub.
I'm a baby.
Gotta love me.
Not the mama, please.
Please, God, I hope so.
I forgot the question.
What's the cutest way to cuss?
Like a baby version of a jolly Jersey Shore character.
This is tough because are we talking like non cuss word,
cuss words, or are we talking like,
oh, fuck, like what's the cutest way to deliver a cuss word
or what's the cutest non cuss word, cuss word?
Let me just blast through some of these answers
because Terrence J's future girlfriend says
there is an acute way to cuss
because cussing is not attractive.
Wrong.
Oh, shit.
Wrong.
These are ugly words.
But when someone can really stick the landing
on a good curse word, aren't you like,
good curse word, aren't you like, damn,
I felt that from over here.
When my baby drops a popsicle on the ground,
she looks at it and she gives it
the perfect amount of breathing room
and then just says, shit.
That might actually be it.
It's actually like a really cute way of cussing
because like, I don't care.
Like, I don't care if she cusses, she's a baby.
She'll just drop it on the ground and look at it and go,
oh, shit.
I don't like, no, I will say, I will say,
I don't like, I will say, I don't like when I get on Facebook
and I see a little video and the parents are like,
obviously like, they've developed this sort of
Pavlovian response in their kids
to make them say the word fuck for candy
or something like that.
And it's like, I can tell what you're doing there
and it's like, great, that's gonna be great viral content.
But that's not, I don't like that.
I don't think I like that.
Fuck.
Get it?
You said fuck.
I did get it, but I don't like it.
I like that ugly word.
I do like that ugly word.
But you gotta use it responsibly.
My problem with children and cussing
is that I think the exact age
at which I will probably need to teach my daughter
restraint in profanity
is the exact age where she'll look me fucking dead in the eye
and say, you make your living saying dick into a microphone.
Get out of my fucking face, old man.
What?
I was just thinking about this.
And this is weird.
Nobody really says the word bastard anymore.
Saying it, saying it feels weird.
When I say it, I feel like Christopher Guest's character
in Waiting for Guffman.
You're bastard people.
You're just bastard.
You're bastard people.
There's no, there's nobody said,
like there's other words that have substituted that.
Like, I like piece, you're a piece of shit.
I think part of what has ruined it is Game of Thrones
because bastard, we are reminded,
has a very literal meaning.
It has a very literal meaning
that that show uses quite literally.
Like it's not a generic,
it has been reclaimed by real bastards.
Everyone say it, say it.
Bastard.
Bastard.
Bastard.
It sounds, maybe it's got turd in it.
I don't know what it is, but it sounds, it's,
maybe we bring, this week it's all bastards and bubble jugs.
That's what we're bringing back.
It's getting really worried.
We weren't gonna have an episode title in there, but.
Bastards and bubble jugs.
Bastard.
What do you guys think?
Time for another question or whatever you want to do.
Yeah, one of my coworkers recently invited me
to celebrate her impending,
actually, you know what, before I read this,
Travis, what's the best one that we haven't done yet?
That one.
Okay, one of my coworkers recently invited me
to celebrate her impending marriage with a day at the spa.
This would be fine, except that this particular spa
requires all patrons to be completely naked at all times.
Oh, nice.
Oh, nice.
So fucking choice.
I see all these boobies walk around.
I'm like, mm, lunch.
Get out in bubble jugs.
Get them bubble jugs out, mommy.
Are you my mommy?
By the way, I meant to ask.
I'm so scared.
I'm so scared.
All the lights are so bright.
Other people.
Loud noises.
Loud noises.
My mommy went around a corner and she stopped existing.
Yo.
Yo.
Yo.
Other people attending this get together
include our boss and her husband and my coworker's fiance
who is in his 70s.
My coworker and I are both in our late 20s.
I want to support my friend, but I
can live without exposing my business to all and sundry.
Is there a way to make this less awkward?
If I don't go, do I risk being alienated at work
because I'm the only one who hasn't seen everybody's junk?
Okay, wait.
Okay, any advice to be appreciated?
That's from can I at least get a towel in New York?
I was so ready to tell this person, like, just don't go.
Like, you're an adult and you don't want to go be naked with everybody.
But then they made the point that what if everyone's standing around the office
on the following Monday having a good laugh and you're like,
hey, what are you guys laughing about?
And they're like, you wouldn't understand.
You didn't see Todd's penis.
Todd's penis becomes the office.
End joke.
Yo, Todd, how's that weird ball?
You got me again.
Wait, what's up with this ball?
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry.
You really had to be there and see Todd's ball.
What the fuck's wrong with you asking a question like that?
I'll see Todd's ball now.
No, it was the context.
Todd, get your ball out right now.
I'm sick of you guys holding Todd's ball over my head.
He's very flexible.
I'll give you that.
And you're all very strong to lift Todd's ball the way up there.
It's there, but then I turn around and he's covered it and I'm sick of it.
Thank you, Susan, for coming to your annual review.
Boy, it's been kind of a weird year, huh?
Thick, thick document this year, huh, Susan?
Kind of a weird one, huh?
Kind of wacky.
It just seems like it's a back and forth of HR complaints.
You and Todd, Todd and you.
It's just, it seems endless.
You need to let go of this whole Todd's weird ball thing.
Can you put like, what is it?
We put this one into arbitration and they have actually sided with you.
Todd, get that nut out.
I need to know it's a telltale ball.
I need to know that it's driving me crazy.
I wonder if when these people are back at the office and if it's just them in a meeting,
do you think it crosses their mind?
Like, why are we wearing clothes?
Why are we wasting our time here?
We should-
It's super casual Friday.
This is super duper casual Friday.
First, I mean, the good advice that's going to help get you through this is just like,
close your eyes, repeat after me.
I'm just hot tubbing in the Japanese style.
They don't let you cover up your ding-dong over there.
And you don't know, it's weird to be in a place where you don't understand the language
and you know just the baseline of the cultural norms and then you are also put in the situations
where there's just everybody, it is just a brain convention.
You know what I mean?
You know what, Griffin?
You have changed my mind because I choked at the beginning that you should just not go.
But like, it's not like you've been invited to an Eyes Wide Shut orgy.
Like everyone's just going to be naked.
It's going to be okay.
Maybe you should just go and expand your perception of like humanity and like the human body.
No, the human body is beautiful.
But I'm not, I get that like some people are uncomfortable with this.
Truth be told, I was wicked, very wholly uncomfortable with the wholeness of my being.
I just thought I'd try it because I was in Japan.
I don't think I would do it if I was just like in some spa in New York state.
But I think if you get that in that mindset, it might help out.
Yeah, but yeah, that's what I'm saying.
It's like, I don't think it's going to hurt you.
It's the co-workers that is the bad thing.
I don't think it's the being nude around other people like, fuck that, whatever.
It's the being around the co-workers.
I'm thinking about it now with my co-workers.
Like that's going to be an uncomfy Monday, isn't it?
Like if I was Garfield, I would hate that Monday extra.
What if it's like the biggest team building exercise though?
Like you think like, oh, this is going to be so uncomfortable Monday,
but actually Monday is the first time you finally have the confidence to like
tell Derek that you don't like when he listens to NPR in the morning
because you're just trying to like warm up and have some coffee
and he's like blasting car talk or whatever.
I take that back because car talk is amazing,
but maybe it's the first time that you feel comfortable saying something
because you've seen his butthole.
Just because you've seen Derek's butthole, you can finally be like,
ah, fuck car talk.
Oh God, that feels good.
Derek, your butthole gave me the confidence to do it.
Thanks for getting that bad boy out.
We've got nothing left to hide from each other, Derek.
I hate car talk.
Nobody hates car talk.
Nobody hates car talk.
It's so good.
I don't, I don't, I don't know what to tell you.
Cause like I, this sounds, I'm, I would get in any spa.
Anytime I'm offered a spa trip, I take it every time.
I treat myself.
I don't know if I've talked to you guys about this.
I treat myself to a massage every month.
I found a little massage place nearby.
It does them pretty cheap.
Get an hour deep, deep tissue every month.
Just do a little something.
It's like, it's like the, the detective guy from Twin Peaks said in that one scene,
you gotta do something for yourself every day.
And for me, it's every once a month and I get a massage.
So treat yourself to that.
Enjoy the experience, the luxury of that.
But I do get, I don't know how you get past the fact that you're going to see
your boss's 70 year old balls.
I'll tell you, I think this is the question you got to ask yourself.
Are you okay with 70 year old balls?
Are you sitting there thinking, I would go, but I'm afraid it's uncomfortable.
Or are you thinking I have 100,000% zero interest in going?
Like, yeah.
Yeah.
If it's just like, you know what?
I would go, but I'm afraid it's going to be uncomfortable.
You should go.
If you're like, I, I do not want to go at all.
You have complete autonomy over your life.
Do not go to that thing.
It's not, it's going to, you've just pitched a scenario
where there's a chance it won't be uncomfortable.
And to me, I just like to play that scene out
where you come out of the dressing room nude in the spa zone
and everyone's just like, yeah, cool.
Everybody sees your boss and they're like, I love how old it is down there.
I like how mature and wizened it is.
Greg, I've never seen one like that before.
Neat.
Have a seat next to me.
You did great with your testicles.
Neat balls, Greg.
Those testicles are besticles.
Sit on down.
But be careful.
But be careful.
You don't want to belvedere yourself.
At 70, the leading causes of trauma is falling.
Just like, oh, it's just falling down.
But the other one is belvedering.
I'd like for you both to read these pamphlets.
I don't know what it is and I'm afraid to ask.
The worst part is at that age, if you sit on a roll, it'll just pop.
Like an overripe grape.
Just like, and you'll hear that noise, you'll know.
And then it'll definitely be awkward.
Then it'll be super awkward.
This pamphlet is called Streaks on the Epididymis.
And it's important you read it cover to cover.
The life you save might be your own.
So this has been our podcast, My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you had fun.
Got the little checklist here.
I'm checking Epididymis off it.
Said that on the show.
OK, here we go.
Guess what?
We're coming this weekend to New York and DC.
Tickets to that are sold out.
But if you're coming to those shows,
get fucking ready to get weird because it's going to be fun.
But guess what?
Even more.
Guess what?
Even more.
Got more shows.
What?
July the 15th and 16th, the three of us
are going to be performing in Boston at the Wilbur Theater
because Boston asked for it.
So we're making it happen.
Now, Justin.
Rest of the country, I get it.
The rest of the country, I get it.
Like, I know that we're kind of sticking to the Upper East
Coast a little bit here.
But we've never done Boston before, like, ever.
And the demand there is very enthusiastic.
And so we're just going to, like, knock it out,
give Boston the best night of their lives,
two nights of their lives.
But the coolest part about this is the Saturday,
which is the 16th, right?
Look at the calendar here.
Make sure I'm saying this right.
All right, on the 15th and 16th, the 16th,
we are going to be performing My Brother, My Brother,
and Me at the Wilbur Theater.
Yeah, it's this one.
And Travis, what's the link if people
want to buy tickets to that?
That is bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M Boston.
All lowercase.
They will go on sale very soon.
They will go on sale.
Wednesday at noon Eastern.
And that's going to be at the Wilbur Theater in Boston.
Those tickets will go on sale, what do we say, just now?
Wednesday, noon Eastern.
So Wednesday, June 1st, noon Eastern time.
And those are going, okay, let me put it this way.
Our show in New York was at a slightly larger venue
and it sold out in two hours.
So please, or like three hours, please don't sleep on that.
Please, if you want tickets, just buy them.
And come, because it's going to be fun.
Now here's the crazier part.
The day before that, on Friday,
we're doing our first ever publicly attendable live episode
of the Adventure Zone.
We did one at LA PodFest that was only available
if you were attending PodFest.
It was crazy.
It was a crazy good time.
And now we're opening it up to everyone in Boston
and the surrounding area.
My Brother, My Brother, Me is fun,
but the Adventure Zone is going to be a vicious cycle.
It's going to be a visual spectacle.
There are costumes.
That's all I'm saying.
There are costumes and props.
And there's a very good chance that our dad will be there
because he's like in it.
And there's a great chance I'm going to be like,
super nervous.
You don't want to miss that.
And if you have any interest in that,
if you're like, it can't,
like I cannot foresee live Adventure Zones
being ever being something that we do a lot.
So like, if you can get there, please get there
because there will not be a lot of opportunities
in like all of your life.
It's a really hard,
it's a very, very difficult show to do live.
Super duper hard.
So we don't do them that often.
I'm excited to do this one though.
I've got a great idea for it.
And those tickets are available at bit.ly forward slash
Taz Boston.
That was a hint.
That was a hint by the way,
about what the episode will be about.
I see.
We're also working on a deal.
So each of those, the tickets are,
I believe $26 total or $26.
And we're doing the plus one thing again.
So one of those dollars will be donated
to a charitable cause.
It's called Branches.
It's a domestic violence shelter here in Huntington.
We're working on a deal where you can get tickets
to both shows for $40 total,
but there will be a limited amount of those.
I think 250 total.
You can get the combo tickets at bit.ly forward slash
Boston Combo all lowercase.
And like I said, there's a limited amount of those.
You can still buy tickets to both
even after those have sold out.
But if you're looking to maybe capitalize
on the fact that we're doing two shows
in the same town back to back,
you're gonna wanna move on those combo tickets
pretty quickly.
Now the Boston Combo is also my favorite sexual act.
And let me describe to you what goes into it.
I'd rather we didn't.
Thanks to John Rogers and the Long Winders
for the use of the theme song
instead of departure off the album,
put in the days to Ben.
Like we said earlier,
we've got those live shows coming up this weekend.
So please send in Yahoo's and questions
and label them DC and NYC in the subject line.
And we're gonna have audience questions,
live audience questions.
So start thinking about what those questions are gonna be.
One rule of course, no bummers.
Yeah.
Also just keep in mind just to get it out there.
We always intend on doing meet and greets,
but now we're traveling with like a basically
two year old child and my pregnant wife.
And so I can't guarantee that everyone will be
in a physical shape to do a meet and greet.
So if we do not, I so, so apologize.
I just want to get it out there
that there is a possibility that we do not,
but we're definitely gonna try to.
Yeah, we're trying to be as like,
I really, I want, like I want to,
but we have basically become
the fucking traveling Wilberries at this point.
Like it is such a giant normal family affair.
And yeah.
Especially since both shows will be three shows in one.
Yeah.
It'll probably go a little bit later than normal.
And I just can't guarantee that we'll be able
to stick around for hours and hours afterwards.
We'll try to holler.
I don't want to poo poo it.
Do you guys want this final yahoo though?
Hell yeah.
Oh, I want to say one thing before we go.
Check out all the other Max Fun shows,
including a brand new show.
If you like the TV show, Adam Ruins Everything,
or the web series, Adam Ruins Everything,
Max Fun is now host to the Adam Ruins Everything podcast.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah.
So basically they take, you know,
so for example, they did an episode
about like transit and cars.
So in that, Adam gets to talk to an expert
for like three minutes on the TV show.
Well, so for the podcast,
he gets back in touch with that expert
and they talk about like transit for like an hour
so that he really gets to pick the brain of an expert
and it's on Max Fun.
So check it out.
That's very exciting.
All right, final yahoo.
This one was sent in by Erin Keys.
Thank you, Erin Keys.
It's by, seriously, start thinking about a nickname.
Getting a lot of Erin Keys action.
She, Erin Keys tweeted that she hated the term keister.
So that one's not going to stick.
Okay. That's out.
Key master.
Keep on, just keep on cranking away on it.
Great, great.
Keeper, Keysper.
Keysper the friendly ghost.
Okay.
Keysper Sutherland.
The fuck are we doing here?
Yahoo Answers user Sweeney Todd asked this one.
Sweeney Todd asked, how creative is Kid Rock?
I'm Justin McElroy
and the bacon mozzarella burger is available in Wendy's now.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Happy Memorial Day.
I'm Griffin McElroy, 420 blaze it.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Kiss your dance ground lips.
Hey, girls, do you want to say hey, I want to?
