The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Guys, the government is shut down.
Scrapping it together. Against all odds.
Gum and twine over here. Sticking it together with gum and twine.
This is the worst conditions under which we have ever recorded
My Brother, My Brother. Let's break it down.
This is the daddy I made you an ashtray episode.
You thought that we weren't going to have an episode. Maybe it would have been better if we
didn't, but we got hungry mouths to feed. All right. So condition one.
Condition one. My Macintosh computer made by Apple Corporation is dead. I am recording on a
personal computer made by Bill Gates himself. I'm assuming it is college days because it doesn't
have anything. Bill Gates sent Justin an email said, listen, Justin, I understand you need to
scrap together a butt quality episode. I understand that this is something you need to do. So have
this Tandy 12 for free. This is the 12th Tandy to roll off the line. I tried to install Java and
a guy came by and poured coffee into my lap. It is the worst computer anyone's ever used.
I am recording at work at the Cincinnati Shakespeare Company in the ladies dressing room.
I am Skyping through my phone, according onto my computer,
and you may from time to time hear them recorded rehearsing of mice and men in the background.
I am technically at work right now. So that's my that's my cross to bear.
Oh, also, I just got married. So that's really slowing me down.
We should back up and explain that Travis just got married.
And let's just say we were a little presumptive in the amount of free time we thought we'd have
during Travis's wedding, I guess. Yeah, I guess we had made plans to like
ditch all our family and friends and then just like mid ceremony. Like there's there's the
homily. There's the charge, a couple of songs, the wine ceremony, duck out for a quick record sesh
and then the vows. Yeah, fully, fully like graduate style, fending the family off as we
as we run away down the aisles and we did. But the episode wasn't that funny. So we scrapped it.
Yeah, it was mostly Travis crying like a little bitch. Travis, do you want to? Sorry, should we?
Let's keep painting a picture of this wedding. Travis, do you want to talk about how many like
little bitch tears you cried out? I cried three. No, it was more than three.
It was just three. I was I was the best man standing standing at riding shotgun in the cockpit.
I only recall three. He had me carry special tissues for him. And during several times during
the wedding, he turned to me like, I'm sorry, I'm such a pussy. No, I had a really bad nosebleed.
Yeah. And I needed the tissues. So I didn't get a beautiful dress with water. My eyes were bleeding
because I was crying so hard like a pussy. Oh, oh, oh, I forgot to mention one of the things.
I'm using a Battlefield 3 keyboard on my personal computer. And this is literally what it sounds
like. Are you ready for this? Jesus, you sound like a hacker on CSI. That is literally enhance,
enhance. This is literally what it sounds like. So taking them back to the good old days,
the rock band microphone days. I used to like those days because I could hold the microphone
like sim bad. And you know, if I had a good line, I could literally drop it here. If I drop it,
you know, I got to go back to Amazon and buy a new one these days. So this is an advice show for
the modern era where we help young people and old people, I assume, from time to time, navigate the
rocky waters of life. And let's let's get into that right now. When my husband and I watch our
favorite serial dramas, I prefer to let things unfold without trying too hard to guess what's
going to happen next. My husband is the type who likes to guess what's going to happen out loud.
And he's often right. His correct guesses include some key points in the season two finale Boardwalk
Empire and the series finale of Breaking Bad moments that would have been pretty jaw dropping
to a passive viewer like myself. Had he not already predicted what was going to happen.
I asked him to quit sharing his spoilers with me and keep quiet till the show's over. He said
they're not technically spoilers since he doesn't know what's going to happen. He's just guessing.
Um, there's more to this question, but I think we get the gist. That's from passive
versus predictive in Portland. The thing is, there's two different ways he could be doing
that. Like Teresa does this, but it's usually just out of fear and tension where she says,
like, oh, he's not going to die. You see, he's not, they're not going to kill him. Are they
versus they're going to kill him? It's these are still spoilers. I think if you guess something
correctly in the past and it turns out to be true, you spoiled it. You did spoil it.
Oh, I mean, I agree either way because it's usually like I, I always hate it when you're
watching something you've already seen with someone who hasn't. And you can remember it
being this huge reveal moment. And then that person being like, ah, he's going to fall down
the stairs and you're like, what? Um, just watch it. I have a, I have an alternative to suggest,
uh, for you to suggest to your husband. It was a cool move that I pulled once when, uh,
some friends and I were watching the, uh, one of the mini season premieres of 24. Uh, I didn't
watch that program. This is a baller move on your part. This is a baller move. I, I, uh, I
had a feeling and I got a little scrap of paper and I folded it. I wrote a note on it and I folded
it and I, uh, just showed everybody the note and I put it down on the table. And then, uh, again,
here comes the spoilers if you haven't watched. And then, uh, when this incredible moment happened,
I took out my scrap of paper that said, president Palmer will be assassinated before the first
commercial break. And then he was, and then you dropped it on the table, like the fucking finale
of rounders. I checked my style out. I think you actually said, check my style out. Check this
style. Check this dope style I have. I mean, but the other end to that choose your own adventure
is that you lay down and then you just slowly reach out and pick it back up and eat it.
Or you just slowly slip it into my mouth. You just fucking like take it home and it like sits
on your dresser for a while. And every once in a while you look at it and just think about what a
stupid idiot you are. Like what I went through all that fucking trouble. That is a, that's a
baller play, Justin. I'm not going to lie, but if it doesn't pan out, that's a, that's a cross you
have to bear for the rest of your life. Like knowing that you spent the time to you, you put
in even like a little stamp on the envelope, which seems excessive to me. That'll make him count it
though. Like he has to be really sure before he opens his pen. Oh, that's true. Right. Yeah. His
pen's gotta be his pen mouth to be absolutely concretely sure that this is what is going to
happen in the series. Uh, which, which might help to stave off his, uh, his spoiling. Our dad used
to be the worst, the worst or the best. Well, dad would like subconsciously spoil something where
he wouldn't say anything. He would just go, ah, okay. Wait, hold on. What, what is it? He was
like, no, just watch. I think I know. I think I just watch. And, and, and that was another level
because we could never prove or disprove the correctness of his theory. He might have just
been doing that. Yeah. That might just be a dad move that dads can pull. I see what's happening.
Okay. I think you should just keep your mouth shut. Just enjoy it together. Just enjoy the
moments together. And then afterwards he can say, that's what I thought was going to happen in my
brain, but I didn't say anything about it out of courtesy. My dad will still text me like during
Doctor Who. He's like, I know it's, I know what's happening. Like, okay. All right. You live in
another state now. You can't keep doing this to me. I'm my own man. I have a wife and a home. I'm
a grown adult. Stop terrorizing me. Y'all want a yahoo? Yeah. It sounds like to us, just see,
it probably sounds fine when you're listening this at home. It sounds to us like Travis is
being held in a Russian prison. It sounds like they gave him a payphone to call his brothers.
That is actually what we're doing for our honeymoon. It's a whole experience that you
can sign up for and you spend a week in a gulag. Travis actually was a founding member of Pussy
Riot. He thought that he was signing up for some sort of rad party. But no, he was actually in a
feminist punk band. Do you guys want a yahoo? I asked you this and you said yes. This yahoo was
sent in by Drew Davenport. Thanks Drew. It's by yahoo answers user Miana who asks, what can you
do while you're pregnant to make baby be born with a head full of hair? That's it. Eat a lot of hair.
Next question. I think that's pretty good. I think if you can eat a lot of hair and some sort of
bonding agent, that is a tricky needle to thread because you're going to need something that's
going to make it through your gully works without stopping the shit up, but it still has to be
cohesive enough to bond the hair together into some sort of fetus wig. The terrible risk that
you're running there is that your baby will see it and it comes in with all the other food you're
eating. And this is a stupid baby things like, oh, this is food. Oh, I was going the other way
where you end up with some, some food on their head or he has a taste for hair. He just loves
to eat hair. It's all osmosis down there in the, in the early months of the formation of the feti,
right? It's all osmo osmotic, right? All osmosis Jones, all of these, if this fucking osmosis Jones
that's growing inside of you, it's just a big bag of translucent cells and shit. Anything can pass
through there. You gotta be careful. If you eat a Frito and it goes down the wrong pipe, that baby
is going to come out with Frito hands. Cause it's just, your tummy doesn't know what's up. It doesn't
know where to put things. By the way, Tim Burton, I don't know why you thought that Edwards is
their hands needed a follow-up, but Ricky Frito hands is not, is not in keeping with you. I'll
always remember he was totally crunchtastic. It's the best, it's the best Christmas ever.
Um, you can probably just eat a bunch of hair and then nature finds a way, you know,
he'll figure things out in there. What about this? Ch-ch-ch-chia. What is,
you just said a slogan of a thing. Ch-ch-ch-chia. It's the pottery that grows.
Yeah. We know what it is clearly, but how does this, how is it?
You're going to need to swallow. I think it was like mud with some seeds in it.
And then with your like belly hands, smooth it onto the baby's head with your, so you're a
little bit unclear just about the basic mechanics. You got the belly hands in there and that's what
puts the baby together. Travis has a fundamental misunderstanding of gully works.
They put it together like in a factory and that's what, that's what daddy told me.
You're saying that every woman's uterus contains a set of hands, like the tunnel in the labyrinth
that Jennifer Connelly falls down through and then the hands push the baby down,
but while the baby is in there, they put the parts together. That's why, that's why the
dude says push and then the hands all push it. This is a horrifying, I, I never. Happy Halloween.
That's the spooky twist of pregnancy. I never want anybody to be pregnant again now. No. Yeah.
That's that. That's the plot line to story, uh, children of men.
And all the hands like, fuck it. Yeah. Fuck it. We're done. We're on strike.
They all got game boy body case and they did stop working. Is there a way that you can copulate?
Cause from what I understand, life's life obviously starts at inception. I mean conception
life started with when the movie inception was made. Life starts with conception.
Or that was all amoebas and sun. More like life starts at deception.
And yeah, not trying to, trying to get my money or something. I don't know. Uh, there's, there's,
I think that there's a way to like chop and screw and get the kind of baby that you want to get
while you are, um, chopping and screwing. If you know what I mean, I think that it's like,
you know how they say like, wait till there's a full moon and then have sex
upside down on a couch while saying ABCs with the Wolfman with a Wolfman. And then that's how you,
um, you know, that's how you have a strong baby. I think there's probably a method of copulation
that you can exercise, uh, to make sure that you got a her suit child. You gotta have,
you gotta do it, uh, whilst on a treadmill and eating a plate full of angel hair pasta, no sauce.
That's quite the balancing act. Does it, can it be on like, do you want a hairy baby or not?
That's how I prep for marathons. It can't be the same procedure.
Mm-hmm. Oh, be careful. Be careful. You might get pregnant with a hairy baby.
Man. Pregnancy is the weirdest. Once you're pregnant, it's probably too late to be Italian,
isn't it? Because I think that that seems to be a pretty good method.
I think, uh, by the point that you are conceived not by Italian people that shipped unsailed.
This was my fear. I was afraid you were going to say that.
I don't think- But I had to take a shot.
I don't think there's a way to remix it in the post.
We'll fix it. It's white? Eh.
Don't worry about it. Fix it in post.
Don't worry about it.
Guys, I've been dating my boyfriend for about six months now. He came to me with a predicament.
He wants to recreate his image, mainly his wardrobe, to look more adult as he prepares
to graduate college in May. He is a relatively skinny guy, and the clothes he wears right now
are too big on him and make him look a lot younger. He asked for my help, but here's my
worry. I know exactly the look I want him to have. Kind of a Joseph Gordon-Levitt vibe,
but don't- Yeah, yeah, you and me both, sister. Come on.
Yeah, yeah. If you figure that one out, let me know. Uh, how do I help with this new wardrobe
without seeming pushy and aggressive, and, like, I really hate what he wears now. How
could I get on that JGL grind? That's from Baggy in Boston.
I mean, I have a- I have a real answer.
Go ahead, Travis.
Oh, great.
Here's my real answer. So what you need to do is, uh, to plug a video clip. He was just
on, uh, Jimmy Kimmel. No, he was on Jimmy Fallon.
No, he was on Jimmy Johns.
He was on- He was at a Jimmy Johns, and Travis saw him.
He was on Jimmy Neutron. Boy, genius.
He was on Jimmy Durante's Show from Heaven.
Oh, this is fun.
The talk show from heaven.
But he- So he was on, uh, Jimmy Fallon, and they did, like, a, uh, lip sync off. Show
him that clip, and while you're watching that clip, say, like, God, that's a bea- That's
an awesome jacket.
Yeah.
And just, like, start- And just do that every time you see things like that.
Man, look at those jean- Look at those jean shorts, because he's wearing jean shorts.
He was wearing jorts. And just, like, subtly plant things like that, you know, and any
time you see something- Rather than go, you should buy that jacket, say, like, oh, that's
a- that's a rockin' jacket.
Oh, what a great guy.
I think that would look really good on you.
Don't you want to be him?
Well, maybe don't take it that far.
Travis has brought us a response to this question from an alternate dimension where any man
ever has picked up on subtext or contextual clues.
No, no, no, because what I- That's never occurred.
Because what I'm saying is you're planting it in his subconscious so that when he goes
shopping and he sees a jacket like that, he's gonna go, ah, I like that jacket.
He is not going to go out looking for that jacket.
I- No, absolutely not, Travis.
I'm sorry.
Maybe we have different methods of shopping.
When I go into a men's clothing store, I'm running around like Dorothy when those trees
are throwing apples at her, okay?
I'm just- My-
Any- anything I can get a grip on, I'm reaching through the darkness, screaming at the top
of my lungs, hoping against hope that I can find solid ground where I'm not gonna get
any more- My entire emo is not, um,
WWJGLD.
It is, god damn, I hope I don't embarrass myself in here.
Let's just find- let's just find the things.
I'll go to Old Navy, I'll take in ten shirts, because one of them will fit, and then
I'll very hurriedly and embarrassedly just toss the other nine on the put away table,
the this is your problem now table, and then- and then skirt my way on out of there.
And even that one- even that one's not gonna fit.
It'll work on the sleeves, definitely not in the neck and chest area.
And that is why, with that lack of self-confidence, you guys will never be married.
Well, that's not true for Justin and almost certainly not true for me.
Alright.
I'm just saying, some of us- some of us are a bit too chesty and necky to be a JGL.
Well, that- I mean, that's the thing.
I would love to dress like JGL, but, like, frankly, I got this, like, barrel chest and
a start of a beer gut.
Like, I can't pull that off.
I'm gonna look like a fucking sausage that's broken through its casing.
Yeah.
Trouser look like a carnival barker.
He can't- he can't do it.
Not again.
It'll look like a Joseph Gordon Levitt that is busted through its casing.
It's- it's horrible.
We have another failed clone, sir.
Oh, God.
We left him in the pan too long.
God.
That's the problem with artisanal Joseph Gordon Levitt, you know?
It sure- it looks great.
It looks rusting, but it's always bursting through its casing as soon as it hits the front.
The sage-crusted potatoes come out really, really well, but the- the JGL, I don't know.
Unless you're using a thick casing, uh, some-
It all depends on how- how thick was your JGL grind.
Yeah, yeah.
If it's- if it's too fine, then it's like you're eating JGL putty.
Too coarse, and it's like a crunchy JGL putty.
You gotta split the uprights.
This is why JGL success late in life is- is a great indicator that nobody knows anything.
Nobody knows a goddamn thing.
If you've been watching Third Rock from the Sun and looked at that little bastard and thought,
he is gifted.
He is going places.
He's not gonna fall into the chasm where we keep all the other Jody Sweetens and the like.
Like, he's gonna bust right out and be his own man.
I wouldn't know.
I wouldn't-
Chuck him in the Sweeten furnace.
Just throw him in there.
Make sure his casing doesn't pop.
But wait a second.
Look through the window.
He's untouched.
It is Shadrach, Meshach, Avednego, and JGL.
I saw a fourth figure in the flames.
Was it an angel?
Kind of.
Kind of.
Did you see 500 Days of Summer?
He dances like one.
Dances like a fucking angel.
Dresses like one.
Sings like one.
My wife loves Josie- Who doesn't?
Everyone loves him.
He's my perfect little sausage boy.
So good.
I wish they hadn't janked up his face in the looper.
In a looper, yeah.
That should be a war crime.
Yeah.
Those people should- You wanted to talk about somebody who should be thrown in a gulag.
It's the people who messed up- Here's the thing.
If I might bitch about looper for one moment, I've never seen a movie in which an actor
played a younger version of an older actor that's also in the film and been bothered
by the fact that they didn't look alike.
Not how it worked.
It looked more like they had put him and Bruce Willis into what will our baby look like generator
and then aged him 25 years.
I think that JGL's look is so on point that Bruce Willis should have had to got reconstructive
surgery to look more like JGL.
Permanent JGL overhaul.
I would have preferred that instead of making JGL look like a JGL BW hybrid in looper, if
they had just made him look completely like old school Bruno, like when he was recording
music, you know what I mean?
Back in the Hudson Hawk era.
Hudson Hawk era fucking pot jazz BW when it was-
Can we just like Photoshop in just like CGI in Hudson Hawk into looper in place of JGL
and then maybe just also like CGI in like JGL just over in the corner crossing his arms
and shaking his head.
Yeah, I bet originally they made JGL look like music slash Hudson Hawk era Bruce Willi,
but he just couldn't help but jam with himself.
Like every time he saw me, he's like, we gotta jam.
Come on.
Gotta kill you, but that'll kill me.
You're right.
Hold this saxophone.
Let's jam.
Let's just jam.
My yearly get together with some of my old friends is coming up.
I'm excited to see them again, but one thing is different.
One of them has a kid since the last time we saw them.
I absolutely detest holding babies, but I'm sure the child will be passed around at some
point.
Is there any way to decline without making the moment awkward or should I just suck it
up and play along pretending I'm not screaming on the inside?
That's from Indisposed in Indiana.
Just tell them legally you're not allowed to be within 300 yards of a child.
Yeah, that'll go really, really well.
I think that'll keep her from being awkward.
You want to talk about being afraid of popping something outside of its casing.
Can babies, what can you do during copulation to give your baby thicker, firmer skin?
I feel like I can see through every baby I hold.
I want to really build up my baby's chitin.
Yeah, I don't think that's too much to ask a baby shell.
A strong exoskeleton.
Here's what you do.
In the kitchen, you keep a tray of jelly.
When the baby starts being passed around, you run into the kitchen, dip your hands in
the jelly and say something like, just cooking up some jelly things.
I'm doing something in here.
Doing something in here and then rush out when it's your turn and say, ah.
Would love to.
Love to hold the baby.
Got jelly on my hands though.
Can't at the moment because of the jelly.
Does it have to be jelly?
Because I feel like there's a myriad of things that if you had on your hands, the parents
would not want you to.
If you got jelly in a baby's crevices, do you know how long you'd have to work to get
all that gunk out?
You know how many folds they have?
Justin, you're forgetting something though.
This baby's probably already going to have quite a bit of jelly on it.
This baby's already going to have a preternatural layer of self jelly that the parents are going
to be like, I don't worry about it.
It's just, you know, you're just going to add.
We'll hose them down in the back.
Yeah, we have, we hose them every 10 minutes.
So like, go ahead and get that jelly on there.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
It'll make it easier actually to see the other jelly that's already on this kid.
If you just go ahead and jelly them up.
Like plot candy basically.
What if you bring them like a baby shower kind of present and you're like, hey, I got
this for you.
It's a baby suit of armor.
Are you worried about hurting the baby?
Is that the problem?
Or are you just like, ew.
I think it's, who doesn't love holding beautiful babies?
It's an embarrassment thing.
How are you even supposed to hold?
How do you hold a baby, Justin?
Let me critique it.
How do you hold a baby?
Fireman's carry.
By their heel, I'm going to dip them in a lake and give them a blessing.
See, there's no right way to do it because there's only one right.
There's, there's one right way to hold a baby, but that way over your shoulder, like a
continental soldier.
No, no, no.
You scoop, you scoop them and you, you scoop them right in the, your loving crevice of
your arms.
Right.
And you have to support the head or it falls off.
If you do that to a stranger baby though, it feels like you're trying to steal.
It looks like you're trying to steal it.
Right.
And when you hold it like that, it looks like you're trying to, to, to supersede the parents
and become the new parent.
And that's way too forward.
Oh, okay.
I've got an idea and it'll, it'll force you to hold the baby, but for the shortest amount
of time possible, hold the baby and then go right into the Heisman.
I guarantee those parents will take that baby back from you.
Travis, I feel like you're being a little devil may care with this baby's life.
Heisman.
Yeah.
Little reckless.
I like the jelly idea.
I feel like there's something you could have on your hands at all times that would preclude,
but like, what are babies vulnerabilities?
Like what are babies weak to?
Everything.
Maybe have some like raccoons on your hands.
Okay.
If you could cut your hands in raccoons, I think you'd be out of baby duty.
Oh, bad schools.
Have bad schools on your hands.
Can you cover yourself in bad schools?
Can you get another baby?
Let's say this is my baby and I'm bonding.
So I don't want to mess up the bonding.
Get another baby that has like tattoos and is smoking a cigarette.
And then the parents would be like, well, I don't want my baby around that baby.
A tougher baby.
You should be able to rent a tougher baby for a day.
I'm really nervous to hold babies.
I'm right there with, yeah, I really am.
I super am.
It really is.
I still don't think I've mastered the hold yet.
It's the same way I feel self-conscious when using chopsticks.
It's the same way I feel when using baby.
You just need to hold the baby a couple of times.
You know, you're not going to get better at it if you don't try.
Yeah.
Yeah, no one has babies in Austin though.
Because like I've said before, it's a nation of-
The humidity.
Of 18 year olds.
Also, yeah, nobody wants to get up on all these swamp balls.
They're floating around down here.
Do you want to make love?
I don't know.
Oh, hey guys, I have to get paid.
I want to tell everybody about Warby Parker.
He's a friend of ours that we've talked about a few times.
And I've seen many of you getting into his wares.
So if you haven't gotten on board yet,
these are contemporary eyeglasses that are extremely affordable and fashion forward.
These are not your daddy's glasses.
These are prescription glasses that start at $95 including prescription lenses.
Including prescription lenses.
It's written twice here.
I don't think I'm supposed to say it twice.
But I said it again with emphasis.
Travis probably pasted it bad.
All the glasses have anti-reflective and anti-glare coating at no additional cost.
So here's the best thing.
When you call him and you say, hey, I want five pairs of glasses.
They're going to bring them to you.
Warby's going to get into the Warby mobile.
He's going to drive down to your house with a suitcase.
He'll be like, psst.
The Warby machine.
The Warby machine.
He's going to come to your house.
He's going to let you try on these five pairs of glasses.
Show your family and friends.
Don't worry.
He'll wait.
He'll just sit there.
But he will not eat your food.
He won't hold your baby.
He's not a friend of the family.
He's a glasses salesman.
If Warby's too busy to visit you, he will ship them out.
You get to hang on to him.
Pick the glasses or I guess just the one pair you want.
Then you send the rest back.
Normally they get there within 10 business days.
But we got a promo code.
My brother.
You use it checkout and you're going to get them faster.
So there's that.
So that's fantastic.
And here's the best part.
Well, not the best part, but a good part for every pair of glasses they sell.
They distribute a pair of glasses to someone in need.
Fantastic.
Fantastic you can get non-prescription Polaroid sunglasses from 95 bucks.
Polaroid sunglasses.
Polaroid sunglasses that don't exist.
You can get those for like a million because they're not real.
And then polarized sunglasses from 150 dollars.
Visit warbyparker.com slash my brother to select your five home try on frames.
When you're ready to purchase.
Enter promo code my brother at your final checkout.
Get your prescription glasses, sunglasses or reading glasses at warbyparker.com slash.
My you guys know me.
I fucking love my Randy Jacksons.
I fucking love these things.
They have been allowing me to see in crystal clear HD vision for a super long time.
I'm ready to throw these motherfuckers in the street.
Yeah, all thanks to the pressure provided by Warby Parker.
Trav, you've been married now for a few days.
How you been spending your time with your new bride?
We've been watching Hulu Plus like non-stop.
Bullshit.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, that's a great segue, Trav.
Tell me about it.
Well, Hulu Plus, you watch all your favorite shows anytime, anywhere.
So whether you're sitting in front of, you know, your Xbox or you're in your hotel room
the night after your wedding making love, you can watch Hulu Plus anywhere.
Oh my God.
It all streams in HD, right?
That's what I've heard.
That is correct.
And Hulu Plus has a lot of your favorite shows like Saturday Night Live Community and Family Guy.
You can also check out.
There's an original program like The Awesomes from SNL Seth Meyers and Moon Boy,
which stars Chris Haddad from Bridesmaids.
They also have, you know, not just TV shows.
They have films on there too.
And it's only $7.99 a month and you can stream.
That's ridiculous.
I know.
Like, how are they possibly making money?
Except for the fact that I guess you don't use it up by watching the TV show.
So that's actually a non-profit actually.
So they're not making money.
It's just everybody should be seeing Parks and Rec.
So it's like a government-provided service.
I'm amazed that they're keeping it afloat despite the government shutdown.
Here's better news.
You can try it free for two weeks when you go to huluplus.com slash my brother.
That's a special offer just for you guys.
Huluplus.com slash my brother.
Please use that URL so they know that we are all powerful.
And, you know, any website you go to just end up with slash my brother
because you never know.
Maybe we got a bonus for you.
It's hard to say.
Guys, I got a message for Zoe from Alden who says,
happy birthday to the best sister and one of my best friends.
Sorry it's a little late.
My bad.
Her birthday was September 25th.
God damn, Alden.
Dangest by a mile.
Of course, part of that is because we're recording so late, but hey.
Thank you for introducing me to MBMBAM,
by which I mean playing it in the car until I gave in and started downloading
and listening to it myself.
Now, it's a favorite podcast of mine.
Here's to another great year.
I love you.
Man, I love when people do advertisements and they advertise us in the advertisements.
It's like double.
Yeah, that's gonna help build our brand.
Double good for us.
No kidding.
That's really great.
Thank you to Zoe for being so considerate and helping to spread the word
about our podcast to people who listen to our podcast.
That's a free plug.
Hey, you know what I like to make my plugs out of?
What's that?
Cow manure!
Farm wisdom!
Farm wisdom!
Sounds awful.
Call and meet your Uncle Jake at the lake farm wisdom.
I wish Jake would stop hanging out in places only that rhyme with him.
So I was like, you want to go to Pizza Hut, Uncle Jake?
He's like, no, can't.
I'll meet you at Cookie Break where they fix your breaks.
So I don't want to go there.
Not cookies?
So wait, at Cookie Break, they fix your breaks?
They don't prepare cookies?
I said Cookie Break.
Cookie Break.
I thought you said Cookie Break.
Man, I wish I could have a conversation with Justin
without him hearing ghost cookie words.
Travis, are you okay?
I am.
It sounds like you're at the bottom of the ocean
and you're trying to bury your microphone in the silt.
It sounds terrible over there.
Do you guys want to hear some farm bullshit?
Yeah, sure.
We were told that this is farm bullshit
and think of it like Yahoo Answers version of farm wisdom.
These are all actual superstitious suggestions for farmers
from the Canadian edition of the Farmer's Almanac.
Oh my God.
Never thank a person for giving you a plant or it will die.
In fact, the best way to ensure that plant slips will thrive is to steal them.
Wow, man.
This is the official Canadian Farmer's Almanac?
It is endorsing larceny?
Peppers should only be planted by a violent tempered person,
a redheaded person, or a person in a bad mood.
I don't think there's anyone in the world
who's not in a bad mood when they're doing chores.
Travis, what is going on?
Flax will grow tall if you show it your buttocks.
Flax.
Okay, come on.
No, this is true.
Flax is fucking nasty.
Flax will trick you too.
Flax will be like, hey, I dropped some flax seed over there
for you to harvest.
It's on the ground behind me.
Why don't you go ahead and pick that up?
Why don't you go ahead and pick that up, girl?
Now this I have problems with.
To cure a founder in a horse,
cut three locks of hair from your private parts,
place them between the halves of an apple or potato,
and feed it to the horse.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
So Canadian farmers are basically witches?
Is that what we're getting at here?
And their plants are perverts.
This is why I just have never been able to endorse the practice
of eating Canadian produce.
Because they're all sex-
And they're all full of pubes!
Stop!
You have two apples in your hand.
You're like, um, looks like my horse needs a snack.
What is that, founder?
Let me just shove some pubes up in there.
Wait, shit.
Which apple did I put the pubes in?
Do I cut the red wire or the blue wire?
God, you work so hard to build a relationship with your horse.
Can you imagine the risking that bond,
that eternal like interdimensional bond
by feeding it your own pubes?
Maybe your horse is like, hey, I've got founder.
I don't- I still don't know what that is.
Ah, man, I've got a real bad case of founder.
Hey, Mike?
Hey, Mike, can I ask a favor?
Make us some of that bush.
Mike, I got a weird question for you, buddy.
I know we got a bond, and I don't want to overstep my horse bounds,
but make us- why don't you shave off a couple little sprigs?
Make it a couple sprigs of your zone.
Can you imagine?
Let me paint the horror story for you.
This is the situation that everybody wants to think about.
It's three o'clock in the morning.
What's that?
Is that- hey, hey, Doug, did I- were you asleep?
Hey, sorry, Doug.
Listen, uh, my founder's really-
Really bad over here.
And, uh, really-
Walgreens is already closed.
They had no bush at Walgreens.
They were closed, and I just- I need to get a quick gnaw on your sprigs.
Now, Mike, I can't help it.
This looks like head hair, and I appreciate it,
but I feel like you're trying to dupe me, Mike.
Doug.
Doug Mike.
Mike Doug.
Mike Doug.
I thought we were boys.
Thought we were boys.
Couldn't spare a couple pubos, huh?
I'll watch you in the shower.
I know what you got going on down there.
You got bush to spare, dog.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I mean-
You got bush for days.
Tuck some of them sprigs in a tater.
Hi, welcome to Denny's.
Would you like to try our new sprigs in a tater?
No.
Welcome to Guy Fieri's Restaurant.
Guy Fieri's Restaurant.
Restaurant.
Try our sprigs in a tater.
Hey, what's up with these little hairs?
They're high lit on the end.
They're high lit on the end.
They've got goggles wrapped around them.
Yeah, that's how you know.
That's how you know it's authentic.
Authentic Fieri cuisine.
I'm Cameron Esposito, the host of Wham Bam Pow.
This is an action and sci-fi movie podcast on MaximumFun.org.
Talk about punching.
We talk about car chases.
We talk about arms.
Muscles that are on arms.
And every week I'm joined by panelist Rhea Butcher.
That's me.
And of course also Ricky Carmona.
Oh, I'm all up in it.
That's what's up.
The Afro Spokesman.
We are gonna give you all of the jokes and all of the happiness
and all of the information that you need to watch action
and sci-fi films to the fullest.
Find it at MaximumFun.org or you can subscribe on iTunes.
I have been married for four years and my wife complained to me today
that I don't tell her she is pretty anymore.
I don't like saying the word pretty and I can't say beautiful
without sounding sarcastic.
What can I say to make my wife...
What can I say to my wife to convince her I still find her attractive?
That's from Still Sexy in Salt Lake.
Hey, you need to start saying pretty.
Just get over it.
How's that?
Actions speak louder than words.
So the action you have to do is saying these embarrassing words
to let your wife know how.
No, because it's true.
You're so pretty.
I don't know.
It doesn't sound good.
And I feel what they're saying.
Like, you look so beautiful.
I feel like a character in the room when I say that word.
Yeah, but the thing is, it ain't about you, dawg.
Like, I feel stupid saying this.
Well, okay.
Like, throughout time, that's like 60% of people in romantic stuff.
Watch.
Like, you do it because she wants you to.
Here's what you do.
You gotta watch the season premiere of any season of The Bachelorette
and listen to the adjectives that these fools drop.
They are-
They're gonna have so many different ones.
They are out of control.
Surprisingly, no.
There's only like two or three alternatives,
but they drop them every other sentence.
You look so stunning.
Doesn't she look stunning?
Look at how stunning she is.
Look at how stunting she is.
She's doing all kinds of sweet tricks.
Look how stunted she is.
She could be like 5'6", 5'7".
Look at her little nubby arms.
Look how stunned she is.
She's just sitting there, mouth agape.
She's just lying there on the floor
because she tried to steal a cop car.
That was a terrible idea.
Look how stumped she is.
That was a great riddle, I told her.
Look at how stumpled she is.
That's a word I just made up
because I'm afraid to say pretty.
Just say pretty.
Move on with your life.
Say pretty.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes.
This Yahoo was sent in by Alan Black.
Thank you, Alan Black.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Andre who asks,
Nipples tweaked.
Why are guys tweaking my pecs?
Every since I've been working out,
I've developed a lot of chest and pectoral development.
Guys at the gym are tweaking my nipples
and I'm confused as to what that means.
Does it mean keep up the good work or something else?
Oh, he's probably got a sign taped to his back.
I've seen this before.
Tweak them.
Tweak them, please.
Tweak them.
Tweak them, I think.
If I don't have,
I haven't developed my chest and pectoral development much.
When you do that, like do your nipples get like super beefy?
I bet they could.
I bet that's an outcome.
There's probably that, you know, in all those muscle magazines.
I bet that's one of the articles.
Hey, Sam.
Sam, I just want to say your pecs are rocking
and your nips are super inviting.
Your nips are like, they're round like a pepperoncini.
They are winking at me.
You know what I mean?
The actual tipple is like plump, like a pencil eraser.
I guess what I'm saying is daddy likes.
I guess daddy likes.
I have to find out what's up.
I have to.
Do you mind if I just get it?
Like I've been trying to develop my own pectoral development
and like, but my nipples are just doing nothing.
And what's fucked up is that my pecs are getting so big
and so ripped, like two big juicy flank steaks.
My nipples are the same size that they were six years ago.
They're these little like nothing nubbins.
You know what I mean?
They look like little beady chameleon eyes on the tips.
But I'm looking at yours.
I'm looking at yours.
So you know what I see?
Yours like Mount Everest.
Perfect.
Perfect nipples.
Like Olympus rising above the Serengeti.
Am I right?
Mm hmm. Are you showing your nipples enough butt?
Because I think that that could really help to encourage their growth.
What are you talking about?
Who planted your nipples?
Were they redheaded and angry?
Show the nipples your buttocks.
If you can figure out how to show your nipples your own buttocks,
I think that you well, I don't know how your strength training is going,
but your flexibility training is out of control.
I think I need to go ahead and take the biggest loser off my DVR subscriptions.
I do not think I can watch this show anymore in good conscience.
All right, here's the thing.
Yahoo question is asking.
Your problem was the first time one of these dudes tweaked your nipples.
Why didn't you react strongly?
That is that is the unanswered question of this.
You don't want to make it.
You don't want to make a scene.
Well, but it seems like you just went, hmm, you're going to journal about this.
Listen, this is going to sound weird,
but the next time Craig walks by, you have to tweak his nipples.
The expression on his face is absolutely out of control.
It looks like he's eating a sour warhead.
Um, how about another Yahoo since we're in?
Yeah, rapid fire.
Um, this Yahoo was sent in by Ashley Burghardt.
Thanks, Ashley.
It's by Yahoo answers user Jared, who asks,
do people not realize McDonald's is not the only restaurant?
Burger King, Wendy's, Taco Bell are all across the street.
They were all dead on a night there was a home football game
and a car show you McDonald's had a long line and drive through
and standing room only in the lobby.
We had customers angry because they had to wait longer
than they wanted for their food.
Knowing how busy we were and short staffed.
There's those other restaurants.
Plus the car show and football game had concessions.
I want a McDonald's like a register clerk that chastises you for eating there.
Wow, really?
You couldn't have gotten some tacos at the game?
Oh, wow.
Okay.
With the Panera across the street, you're here, huh?
Huh?
Interesting.
Huh?
More than that.
I want to see, like, maybe there's a, like, his boss is like roaming Yahoo answers
and comes across this question.
It's like, Hey, Craig, Craig, I saw your post.
Um, do you not want us to hit goal this month?
Travis, I'm a small business owner.
So if you could just not capsize my investment, that would be fantastic.
This Ma and Pa McDonald's.
I've been trying to get it off the ground my entire life and I don't need you.
I don't need you sabotaging.
We have worked so hard to get here.
Build brand awareness and recognition.
Do you remember when we went through the whole litigation because we wanted to be
McDonald's with an extra in and they wouldn't let us?
Do you remember how angry everyone was when we didn't have hamburgers on the menu?
Remember our struggles that we've had to overcome?
We had those seasonal bratwurst for a while and I said, Hey, what if we make this the whole thing?
And we became McDonald's Bratwurst Depot and, and God, who knew that McDonald's was so litigious
to its own branches.
Folks, thank you so much for hanging out with us this week.
We hope you've had as much fun as we have.
Uh, I do want to let everybody know that, uh, Griffin brought me back toys from Japan
and included on them in those toys was this button that I could press to make this happen.
And it's a, it's a button that makes a Japanese man talk.
I'm sorry.
I didn't make it.
Better use of that during the program.
I'm going to try to do, but I mean, if the problem was that it's not particularly funny.
Griffin do the thing where you thank the guy for this stuff.
I want to thank John Roderick and the long winters.
I've been thanking him for every episode for maybe a hundred episodes.
So I can't believe Justin can't remember his name.
Um, but, but I John Roderick and the long winters.
Who's he?
I don't think you Ron Jodrick.
I want to thank John Tartrick and the long winters.
I know the band name.
God damn my aphasia, uh, for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Uh, it's a great band, great album.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Like Lindsay, Sarah Ingram, Holly L.
Peacock, Ben Sherman, Michael Collins, Corinne McShane, Schmoe Z, uh, dead.
Yell corpse Edo.
I don't think that's her actual name.
Uh, but, uh, thank you to everyone spreading the word.
Thanks for the short kind of weird, maybe a bit unpolished ep.
Now that all the weddings and traveling are done for like two fucking months.
This is a bonus.
This is a bonus episode.
I didn't know this was going to happen.
Uh, yeah, thanks for, thanks for sticking by us thick and thin.
We'll get it together.
We just got to stop getting married for like a second.
If we could just go one month without a wedding, that would be ideal.
Just want to remind everybody, uh, to, uh, stop by Hulu Plus.
You can binge on thousands of hit shows anytime, anywhere.
Get an extended free trial of Hulu Plus when you go to huluplus.com slash my brother.
That's huluplus.com slash my brother.
Check them out.
They're really supportive of our show.
We love them.
Thank you.
Thank you, Hulu.
Um, this final Yahoo answer was sent in by TN Probst.
Thanks TN.
It's by Yahoo answers user Hannah Kirkup.
Who asks using her real name?
I have diarrhea.
Should I go to college?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
