The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
made an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
You know what that alarm sound means on my phone? Pony time!
It's pony time, everybody. Welcome to the pony time segment of My Brother, My Brother and Me.
This is the first time that we've properly called it that, although if you think about it,
we've done pony time maybe 700 times in the 303 episodes we've done this show. Pony time is a
special time of year where we talk about all the exciting horse races and the winners and just like
what's new, what's happening in the whole pony industry. Obviously, the Kentucky Derby, which
is what I call it, it's like a fun little pet name for it, has happened. And then of course,
the Preakness wrapped up last week. I like to call it the Freakness. Okay.
Because I'm really excited about it. I get really freaked out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then of course,
I think the Churchill Downs. I said of course, but I don't actually know. I think the Churchill
Downs are today. There's no part of the pony time segment where I fact check stuff, and maybe we'll
organically get to that point. But let's talk about the horses and what's going on. Nyquist,
very, very exciting. I'm looking at the Kentucky Derby results here. Looks like Nyquist pulled off
a commanding win. One and one quarters lengths ahead of Exaggerator, who I think we can all
agree is a piece of shit. Yeah, he's fucking exaggerated. Nyquist sounds like it should be
a sleepy horse. Because it sounds like Nyquil? Yeah. Well, it's actually a very, very fast horse
is the thing. Very awake and fast. No, no. I mean, maybe it's an ironic thing like when you call a
big guy tiny. I don't know if it's fast horses are getting so popular in these races now. Yeah.
It definitely seems to be the trend. Back in my day, everyone used to just have slow artisanal
horses. Yeah. Looks like, and of course, following them close behind four and a half horse lengths
behind. By the way, that's a wonderful measurement. Can I use that for other things? And I just bought
a new mattress. I wish I had thought to be like, I'm looking for one that's like three quarters
horse length. It's kind of fun if you think about the fact that like those people also know about
feet. Yeah. Like they all know about it. They know what they are. It's definitely some like cubit
shit, right? Where it's just like, oh, it's the length of my arm. Like, well, what about his arm?
Oh, it's the length of his arm too. Oh, okay. Some disappointing finishes in the Kentucky Derby,
like Gunrunner, Mohamed, Sudden Breaking News, Brody's Cause. Brody's Cause is
probably the best horse I've ever heard. Brody's Cause is more woven necklaces for everyone.
There's Danzing Candy, not Dancing Candy, Oscar nominated, Majesto. Majesto is probably-
Sounds like the one that we made up. Yeah. If there's one that we-
Well, no, if we were to make one up, it would be like Mama's Exquisite Soup Recipe.
That's true. That would be my horse. Majesto sounds like the horse couldn't decide between
being a racer and being a magician. Let me just hop over to the previous results,
see if Nyquist is still on that Triple Crown run and know that piece of shit exaggerator
snuck in like a thief in the night, took it away. Nyquist got beat by a horse named Cherry Wine
too. Nyquist finished third, Cherry Wine came in second. Cherry Wine didn't even fucking fight.
Not fight, race. Well, it's kind of a fight. Didn't even fight in the Kentucky Derby. And
at that point, it's like, why are you- If you're not even going to go for the Triple Crown,
why the fuck are you here? I got the single crown. Go the fuck ho- I want to race and I
kept the horse from getting the Triple Crown. Good job. You're a fucking troll at this point.
Like let him, let him approach glory. Wait, Griffin, in your opinion, what's better?
A Triple Crown earned or a Triple Crown given? Both are better than a Triple Crown stolen,
which is what Cherry Wine did. And it's technically what Exaggerator did. Exaggerator,
you lost the first race, dog. It's time to fucking get out of the race because you're not going to
win the Triple Crown. Are you suggesting that if, if any horse that wins, like if a horse
wins the first one, any horse that beats that horse after that is just like- A usurper to the
third crown. Being a real dick. To the Triple Crown. Real dick in a crown blocker. Some
disappointing finishes in the pregnants I'd like to go down, like Uncle Lino, Fellowship, Awesome
Speed. All very good. Oh, that's like, that's painful, isn't it? To name a horse Awesome Speed
and have it not finish. Yeah. In the top what, like three? Fucking dude finish ninth. It's okay,
Speed. I'm actually, we've revised the horse's name in light of recent events. That was just
called disappointment. I do want to talk about the, there were two very disappointing finishes
in the Preakness and those were the two horses that were destroyed because they died. They died
during the Preakness. There were two horses- At least one of them destroyed itself, right?
It, both were destroyed and I don't want to joke about it too much because it's very, very, very
sad. Again, that verb is not, it's, the verb is joyous. Yeah. But the act- It's triumphant,
I would say. It's a triumphant, yeah. But like, the thing it describes is very, very sad but
that's kind of a weird, kind of a weird ending to a sports event.
Like, how was the Broncos game? Well, they lost and Peyton Manning died.
In it, during it. How was it? How was, how was it? Oh, it was okay. Tony Romo,
he fucking died. He threw so hard that his body ripped in half. He threw so hard,
his heart just stopped and he died right, like literally right there on the 50 and then his team
fucking lost. Couldn't even win one for the Romo. He died. I know that they pay really close
attention to the genetics of a horse before they breed them. Yeah. Do you think that question comes
up like, so will it be fast? Yeah. Yeah. Very, very fast. So fast. Will it be like a beautiful
chestnut brown color? Oh, fuck yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. Definitely. Is there any chance of
it just like racing really, like, you know how it's gonna run really fast? Any chance of it dying
because of the speed at which it runs? I bet that the answer to that question is always this,
well, there's always a chance. I mean, God could just take it. You know what I mean? That's what it
is. God, God, the horses ran too fast and beautiful and God's like, not, not on the ground anymore.
Time to race amongst the clouds. You're pulling my chariot now. Yeah. Now the saddest part is,
uh, one of the horses that died, broke, broke its leg. Very, very sad. Was destroyed. It was a
Promethea, four-year-old Philly, died on the, died on the track. Very, very sad. The other one,
and this is even sadder, just died after winning a race, after winning a race, just like trotting
on back to the stall, died just instantly standing up. That horse's name was Homeboy Chris.
Can we fucking please, like, that's- Can we not spare the ones with the most beautiful names?
Is that not- I also, I guess I say it is a tragedy that Homeboy Chris fell in the line of duty. It's
sad when any, it's sad when any horse dies. Yes. But Homeboy Chris did win, which adds a little
bit of an epic spin to like, you win your race and then like, back in your stall, you know,
you close your eyes. Like that, there's a little bit of like, beauty to that. John Henry kind of-
Yeah. Yeah, right? Beat the steam engine and then, yeah. I've seen a lot of controversy. There's
been a lot, I've been following all the horse bloids and there's been a lot of controversy
that the Pimlico race course where the Preakness is hosted had a muddy track situation. That might
be why Nyquist didn't perform as well as everybody was expecting, but it also might be why two of the
athletes died. How have you done the- Tell me about the choices you made while making the turf.
They were apparently pretty bad choices because two of the athletes died. I also read at one point
that the problem might be that like, the horse, at least one of them, already had a bunch of injuries
and they just drugged it up real good so it could race good. Like, who's in charge of this shit?
Is there not somebody who's going, wait, what did you do? Oh, hold on. Yeah, no, wait, what did you
do? Get the fuck out. What's the other horse besides Homeboy Chris? It doesn't matter.
Yeah, I just needed a name. Prometea. Prometea. Do you think there's a part, like, as sad as it is
to lose Homeboy Chris, and I'm like, I'm still talking about it, nobody else, if Prometea is
watching from beyond the beyond, there's got to be a little bit of relief on Prometea's part.
Like, oh, thank god. I did not want to be the only horse that died at this thing because that would
be a hot topic. And now, like, two died, it's like, maybe not our fault? Yeah, and at least now Prometea
has the comfort of being, like, forever, like, a statistic. Like, well, there's one Preakness,
two horses, same day. Same day. Like, that- Yeah. Doesn't that- This has got to be the worst
Preakness, right? It requires definitely some, like, some kind of restructuring to your race program
when two of the contestants die. I'm not sure what the criteria is for judging the success or failure
of a Preakness organizer. I'm pretty sure two horses going on to meet their eternal reward
is probably a demerit or two. We need to- If your fucking Preakness has a KD ratio,
you fucked up, dog. If it were any other competition, like, how did the evening of
Jeopardy go? Well, bad news. Two of the contestants dropped dead. Oh, well, we probably need to look at
the buzzers or whatever because something's gone horribly wrong. Like, they were giving this guy
the job description. They said, okay, listen, it's an easy gig. All you have to do is make a big circle
that beautiful horses can run around on. And then the guy's, like, out the door and, like,
as he's getting this car, they're like, oh, and don't let any of them die on it. What? Don't-
No, listen, come back. Don't let your horses die on the circle. Okay, bye. Bye. Sounds good. Checks
in the mail. It's the exciting- I put a bunch of holes in there. Goodbye. It's an exciting thing
about horse racing, though, right? Because there can only be one winner, and there can only be one
triple crown winner, and sometimes there's lots of zero triple crown winners, and the rest of the
horses are losers. But then below that is a whole other strata of, like, super losers. I super lost
the Preakness. I lost the Preakness arguably the most one can lose at any endeavor. Now, listen,
I hope that nobody gets the wrong impression that thinks we think it's funny when horses die. No,
it's the saddest thing ever. If you were watching- That would fuck you up if you were watching that.
No way. I can't imagine. And we are respectful of it. I think I personally purchased the meat
of Homeboy Chris to share with my family. No. Friends and family. No. No. Somebody should eat
them, don't you think? Yeah. Like, very Dothraki, right? It is Dothraki. I mean, like, not the other
horses. That seems weird. That's messed up. But maybe Homeboy Chris was the stallion that will
mount the world or whatever and needs to be consumed by a child. I can't. It's been a long
time since I read it. Listen, let's get to the advice. We wasted like fucking 10 minutes talking
about that. That's what happens when you get us going on horses. Can we stop killing horses?
Can we please just stop? Can we reign that in maybe a little bit? Also, side note, when the one
that broke its leg broke its leg, it threw its rider and broke his collarbone. Let's look at
this whole thing again, huh? Let's take it back to the start. If you're going to be humanist pieces,
a shit about all this, then fine. There is a human cost, one collarbone. Now, of course,
when that person broke their collarbone, I don't think anybody walked up to them and swiftly
executed them. I don't think whoever was riding that pony was destroyed as well. I think they can
still, like, use their other arm to eat a hot dog, which they probably did later that day because
more is expected of them than just riding a horse. There's a more sort of cohesive human experience
there beyond the track, and we didn't afford that opportunity to homeboy Chris. If anyone's
listening and your horse breaks a leg and you're like, well, I'll take care of it. I'll fix that
horse. I will sea biscuit the shit out of that horse. Just call me. Okay, okay. Now it's time
for advice. I do want a horse, by the way, like legit. I've been thinking about it. But, like,
one that has a leg that doesn't work so it can just, like, chill in my office and just, like,
lay around. Right? Yeah. I got a significant couch in here. Yeah. All right. Tonight my boyfriend
took me out for dinner at the OG after a long day at work. Ugh, always goes down good. It was lovely
until we just hung out while we were trying to eat to tell us her life story. What? I went from
acknowledging response to one-word answers to a laugh, a hmm, finally just nodding my head and
hoping that each time she walked away it would be the last. She would finish the sentence,
walk two steps, and step back to say more. Oh my god. We gasped about being late for a movie,
paid, and booked out of there. Only the leftovers in the parking lot. How can we avoid this
situation? Slash, what do I do to make it end? Slash, am I doomed to live an OG-less life?
Please help ravenous Rebecca. There's a lot of variables here. I don't know if you were actually
late for a movie or if you were just, like... Sounds like a scam. Yeah, sounds like maybe you're just
dropping a line on it. Um, I don't think that this is... I don't think that this is necessarily
so bad of a thing for a person to do. Like, talk to you and make a... We get so many questions
coming coming from the other end of, like, uh... Well, we get less of them now because I think we've
made our stance pretty clear of, like, I want to know more about this person working in a service
industry, so how can I, like, talk to them? How can I... How can I become friends or, uh, how can I
date this person who I know who works in the service industry? It's rare that we get it coming
the other way where it's like this person in the service industry is coming on a little strong,
but, like, I don't necessarily think... I know you came there to eat and you probably want to,
like, eat and hang out. That's the... Griffin, that's the problem is there's three periods
to a meal at a restaurant. Before your food, during your food, and after your food. And before
and after, they can talk to me all they want, but once the food is there and I'm supposed to actively
be engaging my talking hole with food, don't talk to me. Like... This is absolutely untenable. I...
This is absolutely... Like, I'm sorry, there's no... Okay, I have a daughter. She'll be two in August,
okay? If I am at dinner with my wife, it is through some herculean schedule arranging,
like, Jedi mind shit where I've, like, tricked somebody into, like, caring for my child and I've
tricked my wife into thinking that it's okay for her to leave our child. And, like, it has been
quite a day, let me tell you. And if you decide that, like, in this brief 90 minutes that I get
to actually speak with my wife, that you would just like to pull up a chair and regale us...
Do a little dinner theater?
Yeah, do a little fucking masquerade to go along with my breadsticks.
And for the rest of the meal, I shall be Samuel Clivens. Enjoy!
Enjoy doing my one-man show, How's the Zeppeli? I don't think... I don't think if a person puts
themselves out there in the way that this... It sounds like this... This waitress put themselves
out there. I don't think it's cool to, like, take steps to shut that down necessarily,
but I totally understand what you guys are saying. And, like, the happiest moment in anyone's life
is not their, you know, when their wedding or their birth of their first child or
whatever. It's when you see that tray of food coming. Oh, and you count the plates,
and you count the number of people at your table, and you say, these numbers are the same.
The number of plates equals the number of people. I've cracked the code, and here it comes.
I've cracked the Piscetti code, and then the Piscetti gets there, and you eat it all up,
and it makes you so happy.
Yeah, it's good to order things with visual signifiers. Like, if there's a menu item that
has a large flag in it, I'll always get that, because then I know it's covered.
So I understand. I do. I think it's a... Yeah, it's a tricky situation, but I'll never feel it.
The problem is that it's never okay to be like,
and our interaction is done now. Please go away, waitress. Like, I get it.
Yeah, because that's what ding-dong ass people do.
Yeah, but like...
But the Piscetti, no, the point is a great point, Justin.
There's no... You're a food prisoner.
Yeah.
Like, it's not like you can say, listen, this has been so fun, but from now on,
I'm just gonna go get my own refills. Is there a key or something to the soda machine that I need?
Okay, thanks. All right, I'm just gonna do my own thing.
Because like, it would be very nice, actually, now that I say that out loud,
if like both parties had that option. Like, you as a server should be able to say like,
listen, this is the pits. You are just the most disreputable human being.
Here's the key to the soda machine.
Yeah.
Are you good? Cool.
So like a Lyft driver or Uber system where like the waitstaff gets to rate you,
you get to rate the waitstaff, and then the next time you come in, they're like,
no, he's got like four stars. Like, no, I'm not waiting on him.
Like, you can wait on him because you're new.
I like the four star metric that you came up with there,
because a four star metric intimates that like most of the time it's fine,
but there was one or two times where it was not fine. And I want to know that story.
Because it was just not fine enough.
It was super not fine.
That they're down to four out of five, but not so not fine that they're like banned from the restaurant.
It's like 10 fives and then like two ones. And it's like, hey, two ones, come here.
Tell me what the fuck's going on before I sit down in that seat.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
I just super quick just to actually give me an answer.
There's fucking no solution. That's the worst thing I've ever heard.
The good news is that eventually it's done and you can like go back again
and like hope that that person's not working or go somewhere else.
The good news is you're not trapped there for all eternity and you can eventually like leave.
Okay, I'm gonna come down other side of this.
You have no idea what kind of day that person's had.
Maybe they just need to rap about some stuff.
Yeah, but Griffin, this is a customer interaction.
It's Piscetti time.
The point that it's Piscetti time is not going to go away.
I get your point, but this is not like, oh, they were a little bit short with me.
Like I'm here to eat a meal with the person I'm with, not to act as your therapist for the day.
And I usually come down on that side of like, you don't know their life,
but like your job is to leave them alone and let them enjoy their meal
and come back when they need you.
Like that's the basis of your job.
Not to sit there and be like, and let me tell you a little bit more about me.
Like you're not, you don't need bedside manner as a waiter.
Oh, I totally agree.
I totally agree.
Could just be having kind of a hard day though.
Okay, how about this Yahoo!
That everybody's-
Yeah, this one was sent in by Rebecca Usich.
I'm gonna say Usich.
Thank you, Rebecca.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
Let's call them Carly G.
Cause that's lower on the list.
Thank you Car-
Thank you for your bravery.
Carly G asks, chicken soup for boys?
I was wondering if there were any chicken soup books aimed at boys, 14s.
Oh, I thought you meant like literal soup.
Special, yeah.
Mama's-
It's like a whole joke.
Mama's exquisite soup recipe.
Chicken soup just filled with like Hot Wheels cars.
I had a whole joke that instead of chicken and noodles,
it was chicken and doodles.
All right, all right.
Yeah, I'm gonna take that to Shark Tank
and see if I can get any investors.
For my money, it seems like boys, boy teens.
Boy teens.
Boy teens are why other people need those fucking chicken soup books.
Teen boys create the chicken soup market.
Please help me book, I've dealt with boy teens all fucking day.
The boy teens are like the common cold that has necessitated the soup.
As a publisher or author of the chicken soup books,
which I don't know if those books have authors
or if they just like take a bunch of shit out of Reader's Digest
and then they get somebody to chop and screw it.
I always assumed they were the first tentative experiments of a rogue AI.
Okay, yeah.
I always just assumed they had one
and then they just like control F, search doll, replace pronouns
and just like, well, let's change that to a he and done.
Because you would think my chicken soup for boys would be like,
don't put your fucking finger up there.
Don't scratch and don't tug on that.
Don't fucking, just fucking stop.
But the thing is, that book's too effective.
The whole chicken soup for blank economy
is gonna just collapse around me.
You know, the chicken soup for the boy teen soul
could just be one page with one sentence and it just says,
put it away.
You put it the fuck away, dog.
And that could apply to every situation.
I was a boy teen, put it away.
Just put that away.
Just put it away.
Physically.
Whether that means your attitude or your wiener.
Mentally, spiritually, put that thing away.
I feel like that's such a powerful concept, Travis.
I feel like we could start, we could incorporate that into more of our,
just put it away.
Put it away.
Just don't anymore.
Do you guys want to know a quick, very true thing?
I'm gonna guess just based on sort of your whole role here in the organization
that you have Googled the chicken soup series
and you have an interesting factoid
about maybe the number of books that there are in this series.
No, not about that.
It's about the chicken soup for the soul brand large breed adult dog food.
What?
What?
Because food is more than just nutrition.
It's also about comfort, love, and appreciation.
Here's a fucking dog food with the chicken soup for the soul brand on it.
Chicken soup for the soul brand dog food.
You can't do that.
You can't have two different foodstuffs in the name of a product.
It can't be like, what's up?
This is Hamburger Helper's kid wine.
What?
Yeah, it's wine for kids, but it's made by Hamburger Helper.
What?
They're just-
Somewhere there was a board meeting or some kind of product pitch meeting
where someone went, yeah, sure, sure.
Because I'm like digging deep in Amazon
and there's some really, really good chicken soup for the soul books
that we're very much into.
But the weird thing about the dog food
is that you would think there would be some sort of in between licensing
that got them to that point.
But no, as near as I can figure, they made every book
and they haven't made it.
They're like, anybody come up with any other books?
What about chicken soup with the prisoner soul?
Nope, we did that one already.
What about chicken soup for the soul, a book of miracles?
Nope, it exists.
What about chicken soup with the soul?
I can't believe my dog did that.
Nope, it exists.
Who is that book for?
Okay, have we stopped making these for a specific audience?
They're getting like super duper specific.
What haven't we done, guys?
There's chicken soup for Travis Patrick McElroy's soul,
which I don't own.
Maybe, what if we did dog food?
Have we done napkins?
There is a game, there's a chicken soup for the game
and I bet it's fucking fun and shit.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not called chicken soup for the game, is it?
No, it's called chicken soup for the soul,
count your blessings, the game.
With an attitude of gratitude.
If it was from the number one best-selling series
as if there was any fucking doubt.
I thought it was chicken soup for the game
all about like how to seduce women.
Okay, part of me is just-
Mystery presents chicken soup for the game.
I'm disappointed to learn
that it's not called chicken soup for the game
because if they started to follow that naming convention,
they could literally sell anything
like chicken soup for the bowling ball.
It's a line of high quality bowling balls.
What's it have to do with chicken soup?
Fuck you.
Is the chicken soup for the soul brand dog food
chicken soup flavored?
I think it's just the books that nobody buys.
Like, oh, nobody really bought chicken soup
for the boy grandpa.
So let's just chunk those up
and make some puppies eat them.
This is our new product chicken soup for the hamster cage.
Hey guys?
Yeah, Juice?
Can I just shoot a quick review?
Yeah, yeah, hand me-
Chicken soup for the soul board game.
Yeah, I would love to see-
This one comes to us from Seattle Mist.
We thought this game sounded like good wholesome fun,
but it constantly references pop culture,
which is annoying.
There are lots of people who pay little
or no attention to that kind of thing.
So unless you're really hip, in quotes,
on all the current fads, celebrities, and lifestyles,
you want to pass on this game.
We've tweaked the questions before to suit our family,
but it took a lot of tweaking
and now it sits on the shelf.
Okay, hey, who wants to come over
and play grandmom and peep pops fucking bootleg chicken soup
for the soul 2 rowdy XXX edition
with no references to pop culture?
What's grandma's favorite book?
The notebook?
No, no pop culture.
It's the Bible.
Idiot.
It's the idea of, they're talking about,
it's a shame because it could be a great game.
The idea of looking on the bright side of things is great.
That's why we bought the game.
One of our sons tends to be an Eeyore.
Well, yeah, he's got parents making bootleg chicken soup
for the soul 4 games.
I'd say he has reason to be depressed.
Dear parents, might I watch anything, even PBS?
I'll take 321 contacted this way.
No, we're going to play chicken soup
for the soul our edition again.
But there's only three questions.
And all of them are, why are you sad?
Listen, we tried to play that chicken soup
for the soul board game.
It was so worldly and very secular.
It was a very secular worldly game
and we had to make our own bootleg version of it.
We're proud to present a new line of products
called potato soup for your spirit.
It's a whole new thing, different from that other,
let's call it what it is, shit.
What are you, firefighter?
Don't read that chicken soup book.
It's full of shit.
Potato soup for spirits, what the doctor calls for.
We don't reference anything in potato soup for the spirit,
except potato soup, which is referenced quite a bit.
They made dog food before chicken soup.
Yeah, well, what are they fucking gonna call it?
Justin, chicken soup for the chicken soup for the soul?
Chicken soup for the tummy.
Well, what if the chicken, okay, I gotta say.
What if the chicken soup for the tummy's soul?
Like what, does my tummy have a soul?
If you've been making a line of books and products
and dog food and bowling balls for like 200 years
called chicken soup for the boy grandpa
and then you release chicken soup
and it's not the best fucking chicken soup
that's ever slipped betwixt these lips.
Like, I think it probably discredits the rest of your,
like, I eat that soup and it's just okay
and I think like, well, maybe I don't need to know
what this book says about my firefighter soul.
It turns out they don't know shit about chicken soup.
Yeah, they don't have any idea.
They don't know what's fucking good for me.
It's all carrots, what?
This is just a can of carrots.
Do you think, is there a law preventing me
from reading chicken soup for the firefighter soul
or chicken soup for the grandma's soul?
Groups that I will never, I'm more likely
to become a grandma than a firefighter
but like, am I allowed to read the books not designed for me
or is there some sort of security like eye scanner or RFID?
You're allowed to read it
but they're just full of so much slang and jargon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like they've got, firefighters have like 18 different word
for like the embers that land on your nose.
But no word for snow.
But no word for snow, kind of weird.
Think about it.
And the grandma one is just like a lot
of like long since retired racist words
for really, well, any race, the whole rainbow of races.
The whole spectrum.
My dad just got the iPhone six plus, a large phone
and has been calling it his cocaine tray
in public and in private.
When I bring it up, he smiles and says,
oh, am I embarrassing you?
What do?
That's from Cocaine Confusing California.
God, that's so good.
That's really good, dude.
Your dad is awesome.
Yeah.
It's so good.
Have you considered starting a Dungeons
and Dragons podcast with him?
That's so good.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Am I embarrassing you?
I mean, confusing more than anything, dad
but chase your bliss, go for it.
It's a solid joke, milk it.
When he says, here's the way to get him to stop.
Next time he calls this cocaine tray, just nod
and be like, nice.
Nice, dude.
Nice, dude.
And then you take out your phone,
do a line of blow off of it.
While making intense eye contact with him.
Yeah.
And you say, you want to bump old man?
We'll go line for line.
Is that a thing people do?
Like you go shot for shot.
Is that a thing people do with Coke?
Only I've got to challenge each other
to like Coke races.
Yeah, it's like Lady and the Tramp
where they start on opposite ends of a line
and then they come together and they're nose kissing.
Don't nose kiss your dad.
Let's go to the buddy zone.
Justin, can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
How are you sleeping?
Not actually.
Cool, cool.
Thanks baby.
My wife, as you know, and maybe the internet doesn't know,
but is pregnant and so she has not been sleeping.
Congratulations.
Oh, I forgot to tell you guys, sorry.
But so she's been sleeping infrequently
as pregnant ladies are like to do.
And I can tell you something,
we've got that Casper mattress
and I am not disturbed when she gets up
and isn't able to sleep immediately.
Okay, so then you just went a different direction.
What?
I thought you were maybe gonna say
like the Casper mattress is so great
that it can lull my otherwise bothered pregnant wife
directly to slumber town.
I really haven't asked her about it,
but like I've been continuing to sleep great.
Oh like, yeah.
Straight through the night.
No amount of her tossing and turning
and wailing and gnashing of teeth
can disturb my slumber on a Casper mattress.
Casper mattress is incredible.
They send it straight to your door
and they, through whatever black magic they've done,
they're able to keep costs down
to the point where it almost seems unbelievable.
You can get a twin size mattress for as low as $500,
a king size mattress for only $950,
which is an amazing, amazing deal.
The mattresses are incredible.
They're incredibly comfortable.
I mean, since we got ours,
we've been sleeping better than ever before.
And it has a risk-free trial and return policy,
which means you can sleep on it for a hundred days.
And if you don't like it, you just return it.
And they're made in America,
which if you only want to sleep on American things,
you've done it.
What's the special offer you ask?
That's a good question.
Justin, what is the special offer?
What's the special offer, Trav?
Let me tell you.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were asking me, but I just asked you.
Yeah, I know.
I'm with you.
Okay.
NBA listeners can get $50 towards any mattress purchase
if they go to Casper.com slash my brother.
And use promo code mybrother on one word
at checkout terms and conditions apply.
Go do that.
That's Casper.com slash my brother,
and then use promo code mybrother at checkout.
You gotta do them both.
Can I talk to you guys about Harry's?
Yeah, you don't need to.
I'm like a big fan, but go ahead.
I've never shaved before in my life, but-
Clearly.
So please, please tell me something.
Anything.
Free me from this beard prison.
You haven't heard of Harry's.
That's because you are a Harry,
like from Harry in the Hinder sentences.
Guys, they should call it not Harry's.
Holy shit, Travis.
It's so fucking good, dude.
Thank you.
I just shit my pants.
Thank you.
Shit your pants good.
That's a shit.
That's a shit.
That's a shit my pants good joke.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Put it up on the board.
Thanks, guys.
So what is it?
It's a place where you-
I was gonna talk about it, but this is all fine.
This ad is going great.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
It's the shaving thing.
We're supported in part this week by harrys.com.
You gotta ask yourself, hey, why are razors,
why do they cost $140 per razor?
And they're locked inside of like
Magneto's fucking mind prison.
And why are they so sharp?
And why are they so fucking sharp?
No, razors that you buy in the store are a piece of shit.
They're so overpriced that people are more likely to steal them.
If you make a razor cost as much as a television,
yeah, people are gonna steal those shits
because it's way smaller than a television.
Crime of the century, easy crime.
It's like, it's the copper wire of hygiene products.
Harry's fixes all of that.
They're good quality, German engineered,
five blade cartridges.
Get a close, comfy shave, quality guaranteed.
You get a full refund if you're not happy with the shave.
And then the price, it's factory direct.
You cut out, you say, get the fuck out of here, Walgreens.
You say, get the fuck out of here, Dwayne Reddy.
Is it Reddy or Reed?
No one's quite sure who that is named after.
But anyway, you say, get the fuck out of here, Dwayne whoever.
Because these razors-
Dwayne the Rock Johnson?
Well, no, I would never say that to him.
These razors from here, if they get in here, Dwayne and shave me.
I want a full body shave from Dwayne the Rock Johnson.
Not asking too much.
I don't think that's asking too much at all.
So they sell their blades at half the price of the leading brand.
They have a Truman starter set.
It's a great option for new customers.
It's an amazing deal for just 15 bucks.
You get a razor handle, moisturizing shave cream,
and three of Harry's five blade German engineered razors.
Harry's will give you five bucks off.
Just because you're a listener of our show,
if you go to harrys.com and use the promo code,
MYBROTHER, all one word.
That's H-A-R-R-Y-S.com.
And use the promo code, MYBROTHER.
Get that cool, cool set for five bucks off.
I've got a message for Steve Prittis.
It's from Beth, AKA Amp.
Awesome.
Amp.
Happy birthday to the only one who managed to melt
this once icy heart with cuddles and kisses
and the occasional cup of tea.
Love you always, Steve, my perfect boyfriend,
partner, and future husband, heart, sign.
From your cheesy girlfriend slash wife, Beth.
It's like a time traveling message in there, isn't it?
What are you talking about?
Well, because she says that Steve is her boyfriend,
and then she identifies herself as both girlfriend and wife,
as though she has become unstuck in time
and exists in both the present and the future
when they are married.
The time traveler's wife.
Maybe this is when they first meet.
This is the first time Steve has heard of Beth.
Oh, fuck yeah, the lake house.
Maybe this is when they move in together.
This is when they move into the lake house.
This is when they move into the lake house,
and they're like, I'm gonna go check out the bathroom.
Whoa, I'm in caveman times.
Get me the fuck out of here, Sandra Bullock.
I'm trying, but I just can't get Ziggy to answer me.
Happy birthday, Steve.
I'm not talking about fucking quantum leap again.
I got a message for Avital from Rishi,
and it says, the Tron won't accommodate my entire LJ entry,
wrote, so I quote, I saw him on stage
and he was singing out to heaven.
I swear, arms outstretched, so out piece of themself,
just so free, I started crying.
You, Avital Isaacs, wrote that
about Chris Martin at your Coldplay concert.
I'm laughing already, and it was all yellow, you lunatic.
That's amazing.
Oh, fuck me.
This is all time.
This is all time.
Do you guys want to read it?
I feel bad that I got to read it.
This is so fucking savage.
Okay, wait, we each get to do, hold on, line readings.
Okay, go ahead.
Go ahead, Travis.
I saw him on stage and he was singing out to heaven.
I swear, arms outstretched, so at peace with himself,
just so free, I started crying.
This is the meanest thing anybody's ever done on this show.
It's like the meanest thing that anybody's ever done,
but it's like, it's bulletproof.
It's so fucking good.
It's Teflon.
Like, you can't, what are you going to do?
Say you didn't write that on the live journal, you did.
You did put it on the live journal.
It's right there.
By the way, I'm sorry to hear that our Jumbotron 3000
cannot accept your full LJ entry, mbnbam at maximumfun.org
or Justin at teengoogle.com
if you want to just shoot that over my way
and I can enjoy it in its entirety.
Hi, are you a fan of Star Trek The Next Generation?
Well, that's weird because it's a corny show,
but my friends Ben Harrison and Adam Pranica
do a lovely podcast about it.
It's called The Greatest Generation
and it's on maximumfun.org.
I thought that this podcast was a bad idea,
but I was wrong.
Please listen to The Greatest Generation
on maximumfun.org.
Um, do you guys want to Yahoo?
No, because it's time for the hottest new feature
that is on my brother, my brother and me
and it's called Munch Squad.
I want to rock!
Fear has gripped my heart with its long icy hand.
You know how, okay, so Munch Squad is a new feature
on my brother, my brother and me hosted by Justin Marker.
You know how like you're always hearing
about great new fast food items.
Oh, fuck.
But you find out about them from somebody else, right?
Well, no longer because on my brother, my brother and me,
I'm going to be bringing you the latest
and greatest from fast food
and it's going to be direct from the people making them.
I'm not interested in what some YouTube commoner thinks
of the hottest fast food items.
I want to take it straight from the professionals
who are paid to know about this stuff.
Okay.
So I'm going to be bringing you the dirt,
the scoop, direct scoop
and probably there will be scoops of dirt
at least a few of these items, I would imagine.
I just want to get ahead of this
and I want to say you didn't tell us
about this ahead of time.
Correct.
Any crunching or munching you do into your microphone.
I'm not eating it.
This is literally just PR.
That's all I'm bringing you is the direct feed
from the companies making the product.
Oh my God, so you're not even eating the food.
I'm not going to get my fucking bite.
I'm not an expert like these people.
I'm not paid to know what's good
and what's bad in the world of fast food.
So during this segment,
you're just going to read PR bursts.
I'm going to read it with my own sort of like twisted spin,
which means yes, I'm just going to read it
with no editorialization whatsoever.
All right.
This first item, you're going to...
This has been sort of like...
Can we guess who the company is?
I imagine it will be pretty evident
if they talk about like...
Yeah, you will know this one.
I'm still going to guess, go for it.
Okay.
This is just a game for me.
If it says like so much cheese, you'll come.
It's like, oh, TGI Fridays.
The first one up is called the Naked Crispy Chicken Taco.
Okay.
It started getting tested in September.
Some people started showing up there.
BuzzFeed says that this is a Tex-Mex chain,
which is literally the height of generosity.
Yeah.
I mean, it's talk about.
This is a food business.
It's a food business.
It's a food repository.
This is a Tex-Mex adjacent restaurant.
So what's the Naked Crispy Chicken Taco?
Well, it's like a taco.
Hey, can I say something?
Bad fucking start.
Bad fucking start, but...
You know what, taco is a fucking thing.
What taco?
Okay.
Hold that image in your mind, but get ready to spin it.
It's like a taco, except instead of a crispy corn shell,
they have a very thin filet of fried chicken.
No.
And that is making up the shell of the...
Yeah.
That is the item which we were talking about today.
Just for you guys, if you're at home,
you can feel free to Google this,
but I went ahead and just dropped you guys
in a little image there in your Skype window.
You can check that out.
It is a very thin filet of fried chicken.
I hate every pixel of this fucking image you just sent me.
So let's hear about it from the experts, okay?
You don't want to hear about it from me, okay?
And they're just...
When is this going to happen?
Kat Garcia Taco Bell's senior manager of marketing says,
we're just planning what's the right...
We're just playing around.
We're just having fun.
We're just playing around, man.
Even we don't know when this is going to come out.
Yeah.
It got its start when Taco Bell's senior director of innovation,
you'll remember, fired for that position in disgrace in 2012.
Heather Mothershaw, who imagined a taco shell made from chicken Milanese.
One night when she was super duper, duper, duper high and drunk.
Simultaneously.
So this is a quote from chief marketing officer Marissa Thalberg.
I'm so, so sorry.
Please, God, forgive me.
Think of all the crazy firsts that have existed in time and civilization.
Dare we say-
Light bulb, flight, chicken taco.
Dare we say even the creation of the wheel probably-
No!
Go fucking home.
Go home.
Well, they did make the wheel out of a thin filet of fried chicken.
That's a really good thing.
So this has become a passion project of Steve Gomez,
Taco Bell's manager of product development.
He literally says it's a passion project, which like...
You think that's code for fetish?
Hey buddy, your passion fucking sucks.
Garcia said he was worried that consumers might think it's weird,
fair food or it's jester-y is his word.
I'm worried that the consumers might have the final thought
on this mortal coil of this is like fair food before they promptly die.
And he said, when you explain to someone,
they create a visualization in their mind.
But then you put it in front of them and you're like, try it.
And then it's like, okay, I get it.
I'm looking at a fucking Business Insider article about this taco.
And I think the way that Business Insider got tipped off
is this tweet from Twitter user Jock, J-A-W-K.
And it's a picture image of this fucking accident.
And the tweet says,
Yo Taco Bell, I found a location that had a taco shell made out of chicken.
It was so good.
Any more info on this?
So just to like walk through this person's day, they went to Taco Bell
and they're like, hey, welcome to Taco Bell.
What would you like?
Oh, by the way, I don't know if you're interested,
but we do have this essentially forbidden menu item.
You've never, I guarantee you've never had it before.
It's just like, we're having some fun with,
I imagine like the opening scene in Gremlins where it's like,
I don't really feel like a quesalupa or a taco or a burrito today.
Like, well, that's all we have.
Unless you want to try this like crazy shit,
unless you want to try this crazy garbage that'll death you.
That'll definitely kill your heart.
I like that he's asking for more info.
What fucking context do you need, my dude?
It's a fucking fried chicken taco.
My tweet to Taco Bell would have been like,
of course I ordered, like, of course I ordered this
because I'm like the beginning of Gremlins,
like my curiosity was piqued.
And I just want to know, like, here's the store number.
Send all these people to fucking jail.
And I just want to know,
will you be responsible for taking care of my family when I'm dead?
Yeah.
Certainly this franchise has gone rogue.
Yeah.
This is a rogue Taco Bell that must be put down.
At Taco Bell, they must be stopped at all costs.
Just want you to know, your employees have done this.
There's no punishment harsh enough,
so I really need you to think outside the bun.
Time to call in your treaties with the Burger King and put a stop to this.
I want to read you guys the fucking quote of the thing, the whole thing.
And this is from Garcia again.
We're back to Garcia.
I just love it so much.
Taco Bell has found in the test that the vegetables somehow managed to give the meaty,
deep fried chalupa a, quote, health halo in the eyes of consumers.
Quote, we were getting feedback like it's so healthy.
It's so fresh, said Garcia.
That really surprised us because it's fried chicken.
That's his quote.
That's Garcia's quote.
That really surprised us because it's fried chicken.
Do you think that it really surprised us
is not like how healthy people thought it were,
but like how easy everyone was to fool into eating?
Yeah, like every fucking time we think that we've crossed the Rubicon,
America's like, hey, there's another Rubicon up ahead.
Let's keep going.
When we debuted the chicken bad taco at some slug stores,
we expected to be run out of town on a rail.
But here we are, the mayors of Flavortown.
We don't know what's going on.
We were really surprised.
I would be surprised if the people who ate this experiment
knew there were vegetables in it.
Because I feel like it's a very human response,
certainly an American response to when I see fried chicken,
I have this like almost predatory like response of just like,
I need to put that in my throat like as fast as I possibly can.
And if there are vegetables in the way of that goal,
I will, of course, eat them.
But it's just like the path there.
It means to an end.
I would eat this.
So that's your much squatter for today.
I will consume this thing.
Well, of course, we're going to.
That's the thing, right?
Okay.
They said that every, Gomez says,
every year the benchmark gets higher and higher
for new big taco innovation ideas, says Gomez.
Is big taco capitalized?
I want to know who's fucking problem
that particular arms race is, Taco Bell.
Like that's your, that's on you.
You're in a race with yourself.
Yeah, we got Taco Cabana down here,
but they don't like, they would have to just be like,
it's a gun.
It's a fucking gun that shoots a taco into your tummy.
Del Taco, which is just one step away
from just calling themselves Bell Taco is like,
they're just happy to be considered
in the same like taco store discussion as the Taco Bell.
I don't know that anyone else is like,
we made a taco out of chocolate.
Like nobody's doing that.
Sorry, are you talking about a Choco Taco?
Well, I said it and then I immediately regretted it
because I knew a Choco Taco was a thing.
Let's see, we put taco meat inside
of a live alligator's mouth.
And now you consume the whole thing in one bite.
You fucking French the gator.
French this meat out of this alligator's mouth.
We call it a Croco Taco.
We call it a Bayou Blaster.
I want to hear you another Yahoo.
Okay, I got this one and it's from Morgan Davey.
Thank you, Morgan.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Bill who asks,
Bill launched his account on April 30th, 2016.
Just fucking wanted to get in before Yahoo goes away forever.
Did you guys see somebody in the Facebook group
or somebody emailed us that like got some scuttlebutt
from people like on Yahoo who were just like,
oh yeah, Yahoo Answers like we will get rid
of that shit as quick as we possibly can.
Oh really?
I'm saying it's not looking good.
Anyway, Bill asks, does space weed exist
in the Star Wars canon?
Fuck yeah.
Oh God.
Good question.
I want to hear about that.
Space Dojo.
The person most likely to really just like get bait.
Yeah.
Yoda, right?
Dude, Dago Bong.
Dago Bong is very good.
Good.
That's why Darth Vader sounded like that.
He's just hot boxing that mask.
Darth Vapor.
Darth Vapor.
Smoke instead of Snoke.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh.
All right.
Yo Dank?
Well, I feel like we already did Yoda.
Do you?
Chewbonga.
Chewbonga?
Oh yeah.
Bong Solo?
Is that two?
I feel like maybe we should do less of the Bong
and maybe we should start telling jokes.
Yeah.
A joke would be good.
By the way, if my fucking-
This is me for the rest of the show.
Go on.
If my Twitter replies turn into a fucking Star Wars weed wasteland,
I swear to God I'll do the whole service.
I would delete my account.
You'll come up and you'll find an egg in my place.
I do not need that in my life right now.
Do you guys think when Lynn wrote the song,
wrote the music for that one scene of Force Awakens,
he had to ask questions about the canon of it
to really nail the song?
And one of those questions had to be like,
all right, we're in a good time party spot.
People are definitely blazing on some space weed, right?
And JJ Abrams was like,
of course.
Yeah, dude.
Of course they are.
You've just blown my mind, Griffin,
because the fact of the matter is,
with how much extended universe there is in this canon,
there's definitely a scene of somebody smoking some kind of space opium.
Well, there's the death sticks, right?
Is that a thing?
I believe you, Griffin.
You could have said literally anything.
Somebody tries to sell one to Obi Kenobi.
That's what I call him.
I just cut the wan out because I'm a busy guy.
What about spice?
Isn't that a thing?
Spice in Star Wars?
Probably.
Guys, you're getting fucking way off track.
Of course there's drugs in the Star Wars universe.
Of course there are.
Han Solo is a fucking smuggler.
Like, why do you think that job exists if he's not, like, peddling?
Smuggler waffles.
And everybody looks at Han Solo and he's like,
oh, what a fun time guy.
And I don't want-
He's a drug runner.
He's fucking-
Yeah, he's like, hey, it's me, Han Solo.
Dashing rogue.
Anyway, here's some crack.
Now, hold on.
He's not the dealer, Griffin.
He's just the-
He's the mule.
Yeah.
Hey, thanks, sir.
Hey, welcome to Kid Planet.
Thanks.
This is my luggage.
All right, come on in.
Thanks.
Step, walk, walk, walk, walk.
Hey, here's that crack for Kid Planet.
Yeah, get that out there.
Get that out there.
Where's my-
Where's my money?
We'll get you the crack as soon as Chewbacca shits it out later.
It's all ballooned up there.
Yeah.
Every time that Han Solo flakes on the rebellion,
you have to remember that he is doing it to go trance for crack.
Yeah, he's dead.
He's back and he saved us as we attacked the Death Star.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it.
Kid Planet.
I got to go.
Oh, it's Ice Planet Hoff.
We haven't seen Luke in a while.
I'm going to go out looking for him.
And I'm going to go just drop off a few little crack nugs.
I also got to go poach some wampa.
You know, he was stoked when he heard it was the Ice Planet.
He gets up there.
He's like, well, this is not what I expected at all.
This is a much more literal take on that concept than I sort of expected.
Yeah, I bet he smuggled some really dope shit, though.
Oh, no.
Yeah, he smuggled robots and like fucking war heroes.
And like he had those monsters in the worst scene in the new movie.
But then like, then there was-
How very much he drew a line anywhere.
No, God, no.
He's got to get to work where he can.
It's definitely a competitive field.
If somebody wants him to take crack to Kid Planet, like-
Here's the thing.
The thing that's crazier is when the new movie starts.
Hustle's in the new movie, by the way.
When the new movie starts, he's back on his grind.
Yeah, no.
He's in there hunting and you know he's moving that good stuff.
Yeah.
I got a shipment of Ewok gallbladders here.
Keep it down.
Keep it down.
Keep it down.
Shit's illegal on this planet.
You smoke, though.
Legal everywhere.
Enjoy.
I got to go deliver some crack.
You smoke some of that.
Oh, man.
Why do you think those old guys are so happy all the fucking time?
It's because their livers produce crack.
That's where it comes from.
Folks, that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening.
We have a few things that we just want to run through.
If you're going to be at our live shows in early June in DC and New York,
sadly, they're sold out if you don't already have tickets.
But if you do have tickets, you're going to be there.
Please send us questions to address at the show.
Send in questions with DC Live Show or NYC Live Show in the subject line.
All caps.
We make sure to see it.
If you're planning on asking us a question at the show,
don't not send in a question because of that.
Because honestly, we only get to three or four audience questions,
and we always have tons of people waiting.
So go ahead and send in your questions, and we'll answer them during the show.
You all right?
You get exhausted?
I just thought you guys would pick it up and say something.
You did great.
You didn't leave any breaks.
I was waiting for the end of your pain to sigh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, that's it.
I just did an interview on Uproxx.
That was really fun.
Yeah, that was cool, Travis.
That made me feel like you're a big deal.
It's nice to feel like a big deal for once.
You can check that out.
I'll tweet it, or you can just search like Uproxx with two X's and Travis McElroy.
And it comes up.
It was a lovely interview with David Pemberton.
It was really good.
So there's a bunch of other shows on the Max Fun Network.
If you like this show, I guarantee you there will be at least one other show on the network.
Probably like eight other shows on the network, though, that you'll really enjoy.
I'm talking about shows like the Beef and Dairy Network.
I'm talking about shows like Throwing Shade.
I'm talking about shows like Jordan Jesse Go and Judge John Hodgman and Stop Podcasting Yourself.
There's a ton of really good shows.
If you want to hear us do more shows, go to McElroyShows.com.
We've got a bunch of other podcasts like The Adventure Zone.
We're about to start a new arc on The Adventure Zone.
I would say it's actually a good time to get on because we're about to start a new arc.
But I feel like at this point, you should probably start at the beginning or else you'll be lost.
But I also want to plug Rose Buddies, which is the bachelor themed show that I do with my wife,
Rachel.
I'm very, very proud of this show.
I love doing it so much.
And a new season of The Bachelor starts tonight.
It's actually The Bachelor, right?
Inspired by you, Griffin.
I got a group together.
You're fucking kidding.
And we're doing the draft and everything.
Yeah, we have.
So our last episode was a preview of this upcoming season.
And then Rules for How We Do Our Fantasy League.
It's so much fun.
Yeah, that was our most recent episode.
So you could listen to that today and be ready for the episode tonight.
And then listen all season while we talk about it.
Anyway, that's one of the shows.
There's many, many other ones.
I also wanted to plug one of my shows that's not on any network, a little independent show
called Interrobang with Travis and Tybee, where we talk about things that are frustrating us,
so maybe frustrating you.
And it's a very honest, heartfelt, scary, scary show to make.
And I really love doing it.
And it's a great show.
And people seem to like it.
And I'd love for you to check it out.
You can go to interrobangcast.com and check it out.
Also, Justin and I are doing a series of Monster Factory videos.
If you've never watched Monster Factory, it's videos that me and Justin do for Polygon where
we make ugly, ugly, not ugly, they're beautiful characters in games that allow you to do so.
And then challenging, challenging characters.
Let me just fuck games up.
And then Totino's friend of the family at this point, Totino's, who sponsored the McElroy
family, Totino's Fun Hour here on my Bim Bam, has sponsored a three episode run of Monster
Factory episodes, which we are conducting in Second Life.
The second of those three episodes goes up today.
And holy fucking shit, it turned out so good, Justin.
Oh, really?
Is it good?
It's a good old episode.
Yeah, so yeah, go check out Monster Factory.
You can find it on YouTube.
You can find it on Polygon's YouTube channel.
You can just search Monster Factory and you'll find it there.
You can also go to McElroyShows.com.
Everything's there, including our contact and our Twitters and Facebook, everything.
Thanks to John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really, really great album.
Get started listening to it now.
It'll get pumped for the summer months.
I know it's a band called The Long Winters, but you can listen to it for all seasons.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us?
Oh, hell yeah, I do.
This one's sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
Aaron might need a nickname soon.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Bruce.
The Keyster.
The Keyster.
That's terrible.
We'll come up with something better.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, and this is all caps, so I am going to shout it.
I apologize.
Bruce!
And then Bruce's question is also in all caps, so I'm going to have to shout it as well.
I apologize.
Bruce's question is...
Is this Yahoo email support?
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, everybody.
I'm Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sidney McElroy.
Every Tuesday, we bring you Sawbones, a marital tour of Misguided Medicine, a show about all
the dumb, weird, terrible ways that we've tried to fix each other over the years.
You know, some light summer listening.
Maybe you want to hear about yogurt enemas or why we tried to eat mummies for a while
or why drinking cholera diarrhea sounded like a good idea.
That and so much more is waiting for you every Tuesday right here on the Maximum Fun Network
with Sawbones, a marital tour of Misguided Medicine.
