The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
the mean advice show for the imaginary. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy. And my name is Griffin McElroy,
the youngest of the three brothers. The lips, the teeth,
the tip of the tongue. The lips, the teeps,
the teeps of the tea. I'm so excited to be here,
because I've been dying to ask somebody a question about Game of Thrones,
and I think you guys watched it, right? Oh, yeah.
I actually, you know I'm very vocal on Facebook about how I don't watch it because of,
you know, I don't like, I don't go so much for fantasy except for the fantasies of babes I have
when I lift so much weights at the gym that I fall asleep.
You can ask me any question, Travis, and the answer is gonna be,
we the fans have had enough. Okay, well, I stopped watching about,
I think it was like halfway through season three.
Oh. Two and a half seasons too much,
according to we the fans. So I need you to catch me up on what
happened, but I don't want you to spoil anything for anybody who is going to watch it.
So if you could just get me from about the middle of season three to the end of the series
without spoiling anything for the people at home, that would be great.
Right, just sort of broad strokes. Yeah, just broad stroke it for me.
Okay, well, I'll tell you this much, Trav. Uh-huh.
For a song of ice and fire, there sure wasn't very much singing being done.
Okay, that's why. Let me write that. I'll slow down. I have to write it down.
There were like 80 episodes or something in this piece of shit,
and as far as I can remember, there was only like one scene with singing in it.
So George, don't call it what you're gonna call it.
I would disagree with you there, because you didn't call it songs of ice and fire.
You said there was one scene with singing. Ah, fuck, you're right. Fuck, you got me.
All right, idiots, here's the thing. Ed Sheeran in it.
And he didn't sing, which is like his whole thing.
Drummer from Coldplay in it. He was in it?
Sigur Ros from Friends. Uh-huh.
He's in it. Ross from Friends is in it?
Sigur Ros from Friends. Are these problems for you?
I've sort of lost the plot on where you're approaching it.
Chris Stapleton is a country singer. He in it. Okay.
Is that making you mad, though? Aaron Rodgers in it.
So we the fans, do we like that or do we not like that?
We the fans are fed up and we've had enough.
This is my petition. It's an audio petition.
Now, several hundred episodes in the making.
It is an audio petition that I am submitting for Game of Thrones.
To what? Do it again. To do the whole show again.
To do it again. Like a reboot or just start all over?
Yes, start all over with a fresh take. Some of the things
will be the same. The cool shit. Okay, so keep the good stuff.
If you remember during my extensive, extensive sardonic
recap podcast, Lame of Thrones, and then in every episode
in the, I call it the roundup, at the end of every episode,
okay, there was one fucking cool shit thing.
Those are the things that should remain the same.
All of the things should change. Yeah, there were like three times
throughout the series where a dude's skull just got fully fucking crushed
by a big man's hands. So super cut that shit together.
That's the series for all the skull crushing.
As I said earlier, I've been out of touch with the fans for a while now.
Yeah, we the fans miss you, by the way. Oh, I'll come back.
Is it that you the fans want it to be sillier or?
Hell yeah, and fucking sexier, and more ads. That's the main fucking problem.
I can't even get up to use this shitter because this shit doesn't take a break.
Oh, I thought you meant like native advertising.
Obviously, I love these dragons as much as I love flaming hot Cheetos.
They for sure already have the native advertising thing covered in real
as Game of Thrones. So let's, I'll delete that joke.
The circle gets the square. There's a little two on the nose for my taste.
What do you mean? There's a scene in Game of Thrones where they're driving
a Ford truck across the icy wasteland?
Well, no, the Starbucks cup was very funny.
It wasn't from Starbucks. We the fans thought it was from Starbucks,
and then we the fans learned it's from a local coffee shop.
And also my queen, Dany, doesn't drink it. She drinks herbal tea.
She gets to be in the reboot, but doing more cool shit.
And she didn't have no powers. She couldn't get burned up by dragons,
and she had dragons, and that's good. But she's gonna have powers in the new one.
Bad ass. Which ones? Bad ass, dude.
Uh, fucking lasers, invis, psychic blasts, plasma blades.
Yes. All of them, dude. She's got all the powers.
Yeah, she can give the powers to other people, healing factor.
All right, let's get some, let's put some ink on the fucking page now, okay?
Because episode one, these two brothers, sister, they're boinking big time.
I would change that, by the way. I would make them not related.
Yeah, that's shit nasty. Get that shit right out.
But I think it would be a lot more approachable
if they were just like friends who were bonus.
It was so fucking gross that the people, and so lazy and sloppy,
that the people what done wrote the book, George, I think the guy's name is,
he didn't even realize that the same people he had screwing
when the little boy went to the window to enjoy it,
the same people he had screwing were also the brother and sister from earlier.
Are you kidding me? Yeah, that was just sloppy writing.
My sympathies to the careers of the TV show,
because they had to abide by that garbage, it's like so embarrassing.
I would also, in order, if I were going to rewrite the show,
along with making it sillier, I would make all the sex that happens in it
way more consensual. Yeah, for sure.
That's so fucking badass. That part's badass.
So they're boinking on this tower, right?
And they're boinking and they're not related.
They're just like friends, but they shouldn't be boinking
because they have other things going on.
They're late for a dinner date and they're boinking
and people are waiting for them because they were supposed to meet a couple.
Exactly, exactly, exactly.
So the boy grappling hooks up the tower and gets up in the window
and is enjoying it. And he's like, cool, cool, cool.
I'm a boy. I'm a little boy. I've never seen this.
And then one of the couple goes over and kicks the boy so hard
he goes flying out of the tower. Keep that, keep that for sure.
And for that scene, we're actually going to just use the 300 kick.
Yes. The kick that they do in 300.
So we'll just like literally take that footage.
Every character in the first episode, every character is given a coin.
Yes. And they can use the coin eight times
to do a 300 kick. Yes.
And they get no more. Yeah.
We'll have to make those eight kicks last for the entirety of the series.
Yeah. Can they trade them to each other
for goods and services? They can trade them to each other
like in John Wick. They can trade.
If you use up all your Spartan kicks, maybe you could babysit for your nephew
and he'll give you one of his Spartan kicks.
But those are the rules. I have one other small change.
The boy goes falling in and you're like, oh no, he's dead.
But then he comes up. He's on the roof of the DeLorean.
Pretty badass. I love that. I love that.
I was going to say Batman, but maybe Batman's driving the DeLorean.
Yeah. With my queen and our queen, the fan's queen,
Daenerys. Yes. And also, I don't know,
maybe Captain America's there. Maybe- Stop it.
Now you're making jokes. Now you're making jokes at me.
Okay. Let's just go back to where Batman was driving the DeLorean
and he pulls up and Bran, I think that's the name of the kid,
Branflakes opens the door of the DeLorean.
But this time he doesn't hit, he doesn't hit what's his face
in that face. Like he just says like, hey,
you accidentally kicked me off the tower. I could have died.
Yeah. And they're like, oh god, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry. You know how I get when I boink.
Yeah. When I boink, I'm just flailing everywhere. Legs akimbo.
They waited a really long time to put dragons in it.
So I'm going to have dragons in it from the beginning,
except they can talk and use ice lances. Oh, cool.
Yeah. And I think there's only like three dragons.
I would make there be like 500, 600 maybe, maybe more.
500, 600 dragons. And they reproduce
at an uncontrollable rate. Yes.
Yes. All the dragons are always pregnant in this one.
Yeah. And they have to be hunted
to keep the population down. That's right.
And I'd like to introduce a thing where in the big throne room
in the Red Keep, which we're going to find a way cooler name
for something like Bloodcastle Storm Mountain.
Battlegetten. Battlegetten.
What? Battlegetten.
Battlegetten. Battlegetten.
Battlegetten. Is the name of the castle?
Battlegetten. Okay.
The castle's called Battlegetten. And then in the throne room,
there's going to be like 16 thrones. And we'll have the cool,
I guess we'll have the sword one, but that shit's play.
But they'll be on caster wheels and you'll, the king,
whatever gets to like push them and whoever wants to fight him
can like push the, and then if your throne gets knocked over
or falls down the stairs, then it's out.
Oh, I like that. I love that.
Maybe we make the throne a little more comfortable.
There will be a plush throne for sensitive bottoms.
I also, and this is a little note,
but I'd have the snake man beat the big rock man
in that one fight.
I didn't like that the snake man lost to the big rock man.
But the drive his head got crushed in such a cool way.
That's the one bad ass thing about this fucking show.
Oh shit, you're right.
The fucking cool thing that we will have.
Oh no, you're right.
This one's got 16 thrones, but at the beginning,
there's 17 people. And then after every round,
they remove one of the thrones.
That's an important game mechanic. Yeah.
And if you, again, if you fall down the stairs
and that you'd get our shoulder out.
If singer Ross plays and then eventually they stop playing,
it could take anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours.
But when they stop playing,
everybody tries to get into a throne.
And then they, whoever doesn't have one is eliminated by blood.
Yes. I love this.
It's good, right?
It's unlike, I guess we the people just need,
and we the fans need, if HBO would just sign off on it
or respond to our emails and tweets and tumblers and stuff.
Oh, sorry, one more tiny note.
I was gonna say more wolves, but what if they're all wolves?
What if they all have the ability?
I thought, oh, there's a separate coin.
There's a second coin.
There's a second coin.
Yes, there's a second coin that allows you to transform
into a werewolf 17 times.
Yes.
And you can all, that's all you get for the whole TV show.
Yes.
So don't burn one as a joke unless it's gonna be hysterical.
Yeah, if it's a really good joke, maybe.
If it's so funny.
Also, I would like to be a character in it.
I would not like to play a character in it.
Let me be clear.
I, Travis McElroy, would like to be a character in it.
Joe Mangiello plays Travis McElroy in Game of Thrones II.
They back.
I wanna make a cameo.
I wouldn't mind squashing Ed Sheeran's melon.
Hey, listen to this.
Hey, listen to this.
Here's your poster right here.
Here's the poster.
There's 500 to 600 dragons.
Ed Sheeran, Sigur Ros, Aaron Rodgers, all in armor, loving it.
The one guy is beating the other guy.
But on the other side of the poster,
it goes the way it did originally.
So both of those are depicted.
Just side by side?
In the series, both outcomes are depicted.
Choose your own adventure.
Yeah, both of them happen.
It's a little bit for everyone.
Yeah, both of them happen in it.
And they all win.
And everybody wins in this one.
And in this one, and then at the bottom of the poster, it says,
let the games begin, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, again.
It's good, right?
Let the games again, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, again.
Yes.
Fuck.
Yes.
It's back.
Let's do a question.
Yeah, I love that.
Thank you, Griffin.
I'm sorry I got a little lost.
I'm in the doctor's office waiting room.
They just called my name, but someone else got up and went back.
Oh, man.
I can't imagine that.
Now it's been 20 minutes, and I'm the only one left in the waiting room,
except an old woman who was parked by the nurse's door to yell at everyone
who goes in before her, you don't look sick.
Do I go tell them they made a mistake?
What if they're just busy?
How long do I wait before I become the same as this old woman?
I live here now, I suppose.
That's from Darned and Diver.
This feels like a piece of paper you find crammed
between two stones in the doctor's office.
Yeah.
That's so hard because it's really hard living in a society,
we can all accept that, it's a common theme of our program,
but it's especially hard when it just, it very clearly broke down on everyone.
Yes.
We can all agree that it broke down, and I don't know how you get out of that.
When it's hard to admit to another person in the machine,
like, hey, the machine's broke, and there's no recompense for that.
There's no way out of it.
This fear that I will infer here that you're feeling,
because I have felt this many times, this fear of like walking up and say,
oh, I think there's been a mistake.
I think I was, and they're like, no, there's no mistake.
You'll be back soon.
Just sit back down.
100%.
Oh, God, there's no doubt in my mind that it's 100% verbatim tone and everything.
They would sound like my brother.
That's how sure I am that that is the exact response you would get.
Just sit down.
We're going to call you in a minute, and you're like, oh, no, I have to go.
Because it's the doctor, right?
If the doctor's like, we just let anybody back there,
no matter what name we call, whatever, it's all bullshit.
What else are they making up, right?
What else are they just pulling out of their asses?
Because you would think that if they called your name,
if it was like Dan and somebody else went back and they weren't Dan,
that that mistake would be found out pretty quickly.
Are they getting all your fungus medicine?
What if there's none left for you?
Because they're eating it for fuel.
They're eating all your fungus medicine and smuggling it out in their bellies.
Now, let me say this.
The other side of this, too, is also a bonger.
That if someone calls Dan and someone's like,
well, I'm Jim, but yeah, you know what?
I'm going.
I'm Jim, but I'm in a hurry.
I'm Jim in a hurry.
Flip side, there are worse places to live now.
There are worse places to live.
If you have a whoopsie, uh-oh, you're very close to somebody
who can patch that right up for you, I hope.
And all the highlights, magazines you can read.
All the highlights you can read.
There's the goldfish, probably.
And then you have all those beads that you can push around on the little pipes.
Gosh, those are freaking fun.
The hospital Sid works at has killer bacon.
Yeah.
And apparently, you have a new friend in a, sounds like very judgmental old woman.
Yeah, let's get there.
Let's get there.
Let's get to her.
Okay, what is she doing?
You don't look sick.
That sucks.
Well, it might be a compliment.
It might be like, hey, I want you to know you probably feel really bad right now.
And oh, thank God you came in to take care of yourself.
I, listen, I appreciate it.
I'm sure all your loved ones appreciate it.
I want you to know, in case you were worried about it, you don't look sick.
You look, you're not showing it.
You look great.
You look great.
I hope you get better.
Because I understand that sometimes illness is invisible.
And I hope, I'm glad you've taken care of yourself.
This old woman is great.
Yeah, she's good.
I have to, yeah, I'm with Trav.
This one kicks ass.
Did you think that maybe she was a bad egg maybe for a little bit?
When you originally thought about it wrong, did you think that maybe she was kind of a bad egg?
Yeah, like the pigeon lady in Home Alone 2.
You can't just start talking about Home Alone.
But I'm just saying, like when you first,
because Kevin first sees her and he's like, oh no, she's a bad end.
But then by the end, it's like, oh no, she's actually very sweet.
Right, at the end when she kills two men by throwing a bird seed at them.
Have a question from Yahoo.
I love that Gryff.
Here's one sent in by Graham.
Roboc, thanks, Graham.
It's a non, it's, no, I'm sorry.
It's Yahoo Answers user Sebastian.
Sebastian asks, how to make boiled eggs smell bad quickly for school.
Huh, whoa.
I have to take care of a boiled egg for a week and I broke it.
So now I'm trying to make another one and it needs to smell bad so it's more believable.
Why?
For school.
No, I understand, but is the question asker saying because I've had it for a week,
it should smell like a week old boiled egg?
Yes.
Yes, Travis.
Yes, Travis.
I'm just wanting to make sure.
I didn't even think that part was particularly complex or nuanced.
But that would imply that this question asker is afraid that when they turn in this fake
boiled egg, this faux boiled egg, that the teacher is going to smell it.
Yeah, your teacher is going to get that egg and be like, oh, that's fine.
You can put it in the trash.
Good work keeping it not cracked.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless the teacher is a nasty.
Oh.
Give me that stink.
Would you name your son?
Yeah, it's Kenneth.
Give me that stink, Kenneth.
Give me that stinky egg.
This one doesn't stink at all.
No points.
You know, now that Griffin said it, I cannot think of another reason that a teacher would
think assigning you to take care of an egg for a week is anything.
Yeah, you can bury that shit in a hole in your yard and then dig him up one week later.
Here he is safe and sound probably.
I had to do it.
Yes, but what did it prove, Justin?
It proved that I was ready to be a father.
It is not.
Can I say that is the object of the lesson, right?
It's hard to be a parent.
Here's an egg to take care of.
Can you imagine how hard this would be?
One of the two things is going to happen.
One is the kid's going to do a pretty good job and be like, I'm ready to be a dad.
I'm a very responsible 15-year-old.
That egg looks beautiful.
I'm ready to be a dad.
That's one option.
The other one is, like, the other problem with this is it is nothing like that.
It's nothing like it.
Because I can take an egg home and put it in my sock drawer, grab it a week later, and
turn it in and be like, yeah, I took it everywhere.
I took care of it.
But I can't do that with BB.
Can't do it with him.
Well, on the inverse, you could have a kid who drops their boiled egg and it explodes
when it hits the ground.
And then, you know, a few years later, somebody's like, you ever think about having kids?
And it's like, well, no, because I know if I did have one, I would drop it.
It would explode as soon as it hit the ground.
So maybe if a kid wouldn't explode, we probably shouldn't drop them.
Maybe taking care of an egg is harder than taking care of a baby.
Okay, because babies can recover from a drop or two.
Yeah, I'm saying my baby is surprisingly tougher than an egg.
There is also the problem of like, if you get really hungry while you're watching your
child, it's probably not going to occur to you to scarf it.
It probably won't think to scarf the child.
And if you do, you face way stronger punishment than just like an F.
So I guess while you're handing it to them, do a quick burp or fart right on it.
Here's what I would do.
I would put it in vinegar overnight.
The acid of the vinegar is going to break down some of the shell.
That's why we use vinegar when we're helping to color eggs, because they break down some
of the proteins in the shell.
So put it into vinegar.
It's going to break down some of the shell, and it's going to absorb some of that vinegar
smell, and it's going to have a real gnarly stink on it, like a real rough stink.
Are you worried that that might go the other way, though?
That when you turn it, it's like, hey, I'm glad you, I guess, kept your baby alive, quote unquote.
But also, why your baby stinks so bad?
If you have a stinky egg, that's out of your control.
That's true.
Take it up with the chicken, my man.
I don't know what to tell you.
Ask the chicken's stinky ass why it makes such bad eggs.
I'm just playing with the cards I was dealt, chief.
Yeah, this is the chicken's ass, not mine.
It's your nasty assignment, Devin.
I'll see you Fortnite later.
I can't, please, it's Mr. Pearson.
I will see you on Fortnite later, but please, it is Mr. Pearson at school.
Fuck off, Devin.
Okay, you're the boss.
Another option is you can rub the egg up against your mama's feet.
You just got scorch mode.
Boom.
About three years ago, a colleague and I created a presentation for some high school students on
behalf of the college where I work.
The presentation involved handing out little pieces of dark chocolate.
My then boss, who had a company credit card, bought the chocolate.
We ended up with a lot left over, but I kept it in my office in case we ever did the presentation
again.
Well, now it's 2019 and I still have a bag of chocolate in my office that realistically
is never going to be used.
Neither my boss nor the other person involved in the project works here anymore, so no one
else even knows they exist.
The chocolates, when unwrapped, have a thin dusty whiteness to suggest they are past their
prime.
I eat them occasionally, should I stop and save them for a future use that might never
come?
That's from the cocoa monster in Canada.
Holy shit.
I love that when you say, should I stop, the reason is to save them for some future use
and not that they're over three years old.
That they're molting.
That white dust, before anybody tweets it, I believe it's called bloom.
And it's a thing that if you see it on there, it means you're not going to be able to temper
that chocolate.
It's not going to melt right.
It's not going to temper well.
But I don't think it means that it's bad.
I mean, I bet it has a bad taste of it.
The flavor to it, I mean, it seems like that part would be bad.
And it seems like, I don't know what role the chocolate played in the presentation.
Again, a vital piece of context.
People, you have to tell us these things.
We can't just guess.
But I assume the chocolate was meant to be a positive, right?
The chocolate in the presentation is a net reward, I would assume, and not a negative.
Oh, you got it wrong.
Eat this old ass dusty chocolate.
Eat this old fucking baseball card chocolate.
This foul chocolate.
I do like this ambition scenario, though, where you surreptitiously scarf all the chocolate.
And then six months from now, your new boss is like, I remember
when I traded over this job with the old boss.
They handed me a file folder that had very important information.
And on one piece of paper was just written, you know,
Susan has the chocolate in case we ever do the presentation again.
I know it's been four years, but Susan,
I assume you still have that chocolate like a responsible employee.
And then you have to deal with the ramifications of Laura Scott.
Yeah, I think that unless someone tells me, this is for my life.
Unless someone specifically says to me, don't throw this away.
I'm trying to throw shit away constantly all the time.
I think it's completely valid, this idea that you would say like,
oh, I threw that shit away years ago.
What are you talking about?
That's nonsense that you think I would still have that.
No way.
Yeah, your office is in a chocolate storage company, is it?
Oh, wait.
Unless it is shit.
Okay, so now we have a hustle on our hands.
People are going to walk in there and be impressed about how long
you've kept your chocolate in there.
And they're going to be like, well, now I know a safe place to keep my chocolate.
And they turn it over to you.
And then all of a sudden, snack fest.
And you know what?
Maybe that's how you get that big raise you've been angling for.
It's when your boss comes in and is like,
we're probably going to have to spend money to buy chocolate again
because we're doing that.
Ah, what a waste.
And you're like, no, actually.
Step inside my fudge-o-matorium, why don't you?
Like Dr. Fratorium's fudge-o-matorium.
Step inside.
Lick the walls, there's choco stains all over.
I see there's choco stains pretty much all over.
Can't give them a fun brand name.
It's pretty bad, the fudge stains.
Guys, bad news.
I ate all my boss's chocolate and I don't have the money to buy new stuff.
Oh, let's buy some chocolate.
If we're going to buy chocolate, we need money, let's go buy some.
Bad news, criminals.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Hey, all you criminals listening, I know you're like,
I can look at McElroy.family and click on tours
and see when Travis is going to be out of town.
But bad news for you because I have ring
and it's going to let me know if you try to break into my house
and then you're going to prison.
Yeah, also, I'm Judge Dredd.
It's also important to note.
And I've got a big dog and a little dog,
but mostly the big dog is what matters here in this context.
Because here's the thing-
I'm better than a dog, I'm just offended.
Because I was like, I'm Judge Dredd and I protect my brothers.
And you're like, but I've got a dog.
But I have a dog.
No, in addition to brother Judge Dredd, brother Dredd.
Now I have a big dog.
Anyways, ring helps you stay connected to your home
anywhere in the world thanks to HD video
and two-way audio features on ring devices.
It's one of my favorite things if I'm somewhere
and there's like someone rings my doorbell,
which is a ring doorbell,
or just like somebody walks up in my door,
not only do I get a notification from my phone that says,
hey, someone's at the door,
but it also gives me a chance to see who came up
even if I miss the notification,
even if I miss the ringing of the doorbell.
And I can talk, it's a two-way communication.
I can say like, oh, you can just leave that at the door
or like, no, thank you or whatever.
It's a great way to answer the door
even when you're not at home.
I am a huge fan of it.
I highly recommend it.
Like I said, I have two.
I have one on my front door and one on my back door.
One in his Parisian villa and Dredd's all over that one too.
So don't even fucking think about it.
Yeah, I'm one of my Zeppelin.
And if you want to check it out as a listener,
we have a special offer for you
on a ring starter kit available right now.
With a video doorbell and motion activated floodlight cam,
the starter kit has everything you need
to start building a ring of security around your home.
Just go to ring.com, that's R-I-N-G,.com slash my brother.
That's ring.com slash my brother.
Stitch Fix is the clothes one
and they have decided to support us again.
And so I get clothes from Stitch Fix.
I get lots of them.
Yeah, there it is.
I get lots of them and they come in a box
and they have a special person who has an eye out for me.
And they're in the box.
They're in the box.
They pick out my clothes
and then they ship themselves like a normal would do.
And then I get the clothes and I try them on
and if I like it, then I can keep it
and they'll charge me whatever for it.
And if I don't like it, just put it right back in the bag
and then send that back free of charge.
No, it is no skin off my nose when Stitch Fix sends me the clothes.
And so I think you should do it too
because I enjoy doing this a lot.
Every time I get a little box,
it's like a little opportunity for a fashion statement,
a personal change maybe.
And also I don't do laundry that often.
So it's like, yes, this will get me through Friday.
So that's very cool too.
So I want you to get started today
at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you'll get an extra 25% off
when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother.
One more time, in case you didn't pay attention just now,
pay attention this time, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Welcome back to Fireside Chat on KMAX.
With me in studio to take your calls
is the dopest duo on the West Coast,
Oliver Wong and Morgan Rhodes.
Go ahead, caller.
Hey, I'm looking for a music podcast
that's insightful and thoughtful
but like also helps me discover artists
and albums that I've never heard of.
Yeah, man, sounds like you need to listen to Heat Rocks.
Every week, myself and I'm Morgan Rhodes
and my co-host here, Oliver Wong,
talk to influential guests about a canonical album
that has changed their lives.
Guests like Moby, Open Mike Eagle,
talk about albums by Prince, Joni Mitchell,
and so much more.
Yo, what's that show called again?
Heat Rocks, deep dives into hot records.
Every Thursday on Maximum Fun.
Y'all want a...
Hold on, computer's being weirdly slow for a second.
Okay, I think it's better now.
Da, da, da, da, da, da.
Da, da, da, da, da, da.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
D, da, da, da, da, da.
I wanna munch.
Squad...
Da, da, da, da, da, da.
I wanna munch.
Squad.
Da, da, da, da, da.
Bweh, bweh, bweh.
There's hope for the Munch Squad still.
I thought it was winding down
but then I remembered that, you know,
it's not just about current players
in the fast-casual market.
We've got new people lining up to join every single,
well not day.
That's ridiculous.
That would be so shitty.
Can you imagine?
Here's a quick fact.
A Carl Jr. slash Hardee's Western Bacon Cheeseburger
is sold every 1.13 seconds.
Oh wow.
That's a Munch Squad quick fact for you.
About once a second they sell one of these bad boys.
They did some fries about it.
You can Google it.
This isn't about them.
This is about Earl of Sandwich,
a fast casual restaurant franchise.
That was a wild way of saying that.
I'll never be able to say that again.
Franchise, co-founded by a...
What?
Co-founded by a direct descendant
of the actual Earl of Sandwich.
Oh man, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's in his blood.
This restaurant, this new restaurant,
is a part of the more than five acre Fast Eddie's campus
on Eagle Road, which already includes a Chevron gas station,
a convenience store, a car wash, and a lube shop.
The entire complex is owned and operated
by local entrepreneurs Steve and Tracy Eddie,
who previously built and sold a chain
of fuel and convenience stores in the Treasure Valley.
This is in Idaho, by the way.
If none of this is making sense to you,
it's because it's like it's all in Idaho.
Here's a quote.
We wanted to find a restaurant concept unlike any other
in the area, and Earl of Sandwich fit the bill.
Earl of Sandwich appeals to the modern consumer.
Those who believe that sandwiches
are more than a convenience food,
they should be carefully crafted and thoroughly enjoyed.
Weird, says Steve. And what?
Thoroughly enjoyed.
We are thrilled to add Earl of Sandwich to our facility
and are confident it will become the sandwich of choice
for everyone in the community.
Hey, so just so I can get this hunk of shit straight,
they said that they said,
they said they wanted to think of an idea
that no one had ever done.
And Michael, oh, we're revolutioning the idea
of a quick service restaurant.
So we went with sandwiches.
Sandwiches made by a fucking king, Travis.
Sandwiches made by literal, actual royalty.
I've eaten at Lord Quiznos.
This is one of the wildest paragraphs
in the Much Quite history.
The Earl of Sandwich concept revolves around the story
of John Montague, the fourth Earl of Sandwich.
He was a British nobleman, an avid gambler
who, not wanting to leave the cart table to eat,
asked for a serving of roast beef
to be placed between two slices of bread
so he could eat with his hands.
Thus, the sandwich was born in 1762.
Some 242 years later, Lord John Montague,
the 11th Earl of Sandwich and direct descendant
of the inventor of the sandwich,
partnered with Robert Earl, not an Earl, but Robert Earl.
Robert Earl of Earl of Sandwich.
Earl, who is the founder and CEO of Planet Hollywood,
to reclaim and reinvent the greatest of all quick food.
So you think for like 242 years,
everyone in this dude's fucking family is like,
can we not talk about sandwiches?
We did it one time, we made up a snack,
and that's our whole fucking thing.
And then this guy's like,
but this guy was like,
maybe we're gonna go ahead and just capitalize on this
because it seems to be the best thing that we got going.
I think the play here, you open this one in Idaho,
it's not very successful, but you have a claim
to the yeasted throne in the sense that fucking,
you invented the sandwich.
So sorry, Subway, sorry, Quizno, sorry, Jimmy John.
Your ass is mine now.
There's no more sandwiches for you because I made them.
Well, my great, great granddaddy made them.
But still, that's copyright infringement, I think.
Ooh.
Right?
Ooh, yeah, nobody else can make sandwiches.
You can't call them this anymore.
Bread boats, I don't know.
They'd find some way, wouldn't they?
Subway would be like, we're serving them
in between two butt cheeks.
Get on over to Subway now, baby.
Do you think that when-
Do you eat ass?
It's a $5 ass.
Come on, $5 foot ass, get in it.
Do you think when John Montague showed up at this chain-
Sorry, Lord John Montague?
Lord John Montague, the 11th Earl of Sandwich,
showed up at this chain.
He was like, uh-huh, good, good.
The Earl's Club, I love that.
The original 1762 with roasted beef.
They say roasted beef.
Fuck off.
French dip, very good.
The holiday turkey.
Does this one have cornbread stuffing on it?
Excellent.
A delicious sandwich.
You've done my family pr-
Wait.
Wait a minute, is that?
Is that a quinoa chicken salad?
What, a salad with, what is this, quinoa?
I think it's quinoa.
It's a salad, just a regular,
and he just starts flipping like bowls of salad
out of the ground.
Is this, what's this over here?
Pepperoni pizza bread?
Macaroni and cheese?
No, get it all out.
All of it.
It is not, but it's two slices.
I cannot eat it with my hands.
Chips and potatoes.
Get it out.
Maybe perhaps the chipped potatoes
will return two slices of bread.
This potato salad claims to be salad,
but it has no bearing.
I'm just saying this all looks really good
and I'm pretty hungry right now.
I did kind of like that holiday turkey
with the cornbread stuffing.
Yeah, sounds promising.
This all looks really good.
How about a Yahoo?
Yep.
This one was sent in by, also by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answers user.
I'm going to call Beverly.
Asks, how can I talk my dad into letting me have
a 175 gallon aquarium?
I don't know how big that is.
I don't know how big that is.
You know how when you're a kid,
you had like a gallon of water
and you like poured it into like a pool or a bathtub
and it was fucking nothing?
Like I don't know how big 175 gallons is.
Can you guys, can we Google it?
It feels like that's important.
Because here's the thing.
Oh, you don't want to do that.
Okay.
To Griffin's point, if I picture 175 gallon jugs of water,
I would look at it and be like,
wow, that's a lot of water, right?
But I do have a strong suspicion
that if you showed me one container
that could contain 175 gallons,
I'd be like, that's not nearly as big
as I thought it would be.
I'll tell you boys, I'll tell you.
175 liquid gallons is 23.3941 cubic feet.
Now, how fucking big is that?
I don't know how big that is.
I don't know how big that is.
Okay, I just Googled it.
It's 100%, 100% coffin-sized.
Exactly on the nose, this is coffin-sized.
Okay.
And it even auto-filled.
As I typed it up, I Googled, I typed 175 space G
and it was like Alan fish tank.
So this is a big, well, it depends.
I've seen bigger fish tanks.
At the aquarium, they have the one
that's just like bigger than my freaking house, man.
Not for home use, you haven't.
You have not seen one for home use
that's bigger than this bad boy.
I guess it's a pretty big one.
This feels like something that you would need to have
at a restaurant so kids could look at it
while you waited for your chair.
Or alternatively, we're trying to convince the dad, right?
We're trying to get daddy on board.
To get daddy on board, you can say,
yeah, it's a big fish tank,
but we keep fresh seafood in there.
And then you, every day, can be like, that one.
Every day. That one.
Every day. I'll eat this one.
Also, think of how versatile it is.
Yes, yes, you can put fish in it, of course.
Yes, you could also perhaps put a reptile in there,
maybe even an amphibian,
but you could also store your clothes in it.
You could keep all your loose change in it.
You could just buy a whole bunch of boxes of cereal
and dump it all in there with milk
and have it be like a big cereal trough for a party.
Oh, that's cool.
You could fill it up with mustard and a single flag
and let Double Dare kids rummage around in there.
Yes, yeah.
There's so many things.
Like, think about, tell your dad this.
Say, dad, think about all the stupid shit you've bought
that only does one thing and it was really expensive.
You dumb asshole.
You dumb piece of shit.
Like you're a pacemaker.
Right.
And what do you even do with it?
You know?
There's one thing. I can't even play with it.
It doesn't even do Tamagotchis.
But I could fill this fish tank with Tamagotchis, dad.
Just try to stop me. Think about that, dad.
I could sleep in this fish tank.
I'm gonna sleep in my fish tank, dad.
This is, you're not just buying me a fish tank.
You're buying me a new bed.
Come on, dad, grow up.
Get a fish tank, finally.
I think climbing inside the aquarium
and refusing to come out is one way to make your dad buy it.
That's a good way to make your dad buy anything.
You go in the aquarium store,
and you're like, I want this one.
And he says, that is 175 too many gallons.
And then you say, oh, okay.
And you climb inside.
And then you say, checkmate.
Because he's gotta buy it.
You're in it.
No, he's gotta buy it.
His son's in it.
He can't just leave you there.
That's against the rules.
Now it is important.
You can never get out of it.
Cause when you do, he'll immediately return it.
No, he won't.
It's 175 fucking gallon fish tank.
Like he's gonna wanna get that outside of his house again.
It's gonna be tough enough to do it
with a big boy inside of it.
Okay, well then let's say you can't get out of it
until he's gotten it home.
Yeah.
Can you find a mattress that would fit it?
Probably.
Cause then it would be like kind of a fun bed,
novelty bed.
And you could just at night,
at every night you take the water out.
That's a bad idea.
No, no, no, keep going.
Now that I'm running through all the p's and q's.
No, you just dump all the water out,
put the fish in a jug.
You put your mattress in there.
You sleep in there.
That's space saving.
It's a value.
It's not a good idea.
You could get this and say,
daddy, let's just put one little fish in it.
And think of what a great treat that will be for him.
Daddy, I wanna get this big one
so we can put one fish inside
and that fish is gonna be so lucky.
And then we owe it to the earth to do that for,
it's all, you can't save the world by yourself,
but you can make the, you know, a good situation
for just one fish.
That's pretty good.
I like that.
Alternatively, you could open up a fish fighting ring
in your house and say, daddy,
we'll get 10% of the pot every time, so.
Okay.
Now you think about it.
Your dad says he wants to,
he won't get you a 175 gallon tank.
Okay, dad, you win this one.
Will you get me a 10 gallon tank?
Oh, yeah, of course.
It's no problem.
And then a few weeks later,
just say like, hey, dad,
I need a 10 gallon fish tank.
That's still really, you said it was fine, right?
That's fine?
And your dad's like, yeah, it's fine, go ahead.
Repeat 17 and a half times.
Then all of a sudden you've got 10,
no, wait, you've got 17 and a half 10 gallon fish tanks
and your dad feels like an asshole
because he's paying for all these like pumps
and decorations and things.
He could save a lot of dough
just doing it the right way the first time.
If you do the job the right way the first time.
And he's had to take you to the hospital a few times
because of how you've tried to smash
all these fish tanks together to make one big fish tank.
And there's been cuts.
Your dad feels like the jerk.
Who's someone your dad respects
absolutely, entirely, completely?
Mr. Bean.
Mr. Bean.
You say-
Oh, wait, were you talking about my dad?
Yeah, okay.
This guy's dad.
My dad.
If your dad is our dad,
then you go to the aquarium store with your dad
and you just kind of almost say like offhandedly,
like, oh yeah, I heard Mr. Bean talking about
on entertainment tonight
that if you're going to get a fish tank,
the only fish tank you want to get
is a 175 gallon fish tank.
Yeah, my dad, yeah, you know, dad,
I heard this is the kind of tank that Travis Tritt owns.
There you go.
There it is.
Travis Tritt owns this exact model.
Fuck it, all right, fuck it, man.
Get Travis Tritt to just like walk by you, behind you.
Look at, that's a badass fish tank, man.
That's a great tank right there.
Yeah, that's a good tank.
That's the kind of tank I got.
That's a good tank for a great price.
And I want to thank you again
for shopping Travis Tritt's Aquariums and more.
Yo, come on back anytime.
You're welcome.
And nobody's going to give you a better deal than Travis.
That's what's on the side.
Hey, thanks for shopping at Tritt and quit it.
He's done.
Grab yourself a fish tank and then get on out.
I've Tritt tanks.
I'd fill that shit up with mustard, I would.
I often do.
And let some kids double down around in there.
Double dare did him.
It's always a great day to be alive here
at Travis Tritt's Aquariums and stuff.
Okay, anyways, please move on.
Travis Tritt's Fish and Shits.
Hey folks, this is Travis Tritt for Travis Tritt's
Fish and Shits.
I just want to remind you that we are working every day
to obtain the license that we need to sell fish
directly to you, the consumer.
We're just weeks to months away.
Our lawyers assure us from getting those special permits
that will allow us to sell the finest quality fish
at the finest quality prices.
And please, please do not confuse this location
with Travis Tritt's Fish and Chips.
That is across town.
Both are mine and both were poorly planned.
Thank you.
Now weirdly-
I work at one during the morning and one during the night
and I won't answer any more questions about that.
Thank you.
That's getting personal, folks.
And yes, I still find time to make music.
Don't be an asshole about it.
And I balance work and family.
Okay, can we please move on?
Ask me about my love of fish, both retail and dining.
Everyone wants to know about the fish.
Nobody asked me about the and shits.
That's fine.
I got CD players in here too, but that's fine.
I guess you just want to talk about this.
Got back some Gatorade brand gum.
It's been inspired for five years.
Nobody asked me about it.
Yeah, let's talk about these fucking stupid fish, I guess.
Tim Conway passed.
I would love to talk about this complete set
of Dorphe and Jeff's tapes that I got,
but I can't sell them.
I guess I can't.
I guess I can't.
Everybody wants to talk about the fish
that I can't legally sell.
God's wettest and worst animal.
God, I hate fish.
What have I done?
What have I done?
I should have thought this through.
How about one last question?
Recently, a friend and I popped into a liquor store
on our way to do some thrift shopping.
Once inside, we noticed that they had a wine tasting label,
sorry, table, and we decided to spend a few extra minutes
tasting some vine.
That's when we noticed the number seven on the table
and looked around to see at least six other
wine tasting tables scattered around the store.
Y'all, each table had six wines available to sample
and everything else is free.
My question is, what is the appropriate etiquette here?
What, are we supposed to drink 42 wine samples?
Or is there a more strategic and classy way
to handle this offering?
That's for more loads of options.
What would you do, Griffin?
What I would do?
Yeah.
I would go around, I would smell all 42 of these little cups
and I mean, huff them deep.
And on the 42nd one, I accidentally snort some up my nose
and I would start coughing and have to leave
because I got embarrassed.
Okay, that's what Griffin would do.
Justin, what would you do?
Let me say, let me say, that's not what I wanna do.
That's just what would happen.
That's just what happened.
If I went, I would want to drink all of them
because they were there, but then I would assume
that I'd pick the first one up and another,
like maybe a human being who worked there
or a human being who knew the process better than me
would say out loud, that's not what you're supposed to do
and I would melt into the floor.
Yeah, like Alex Mack, sure.
Right, right.
You know, I love one.
I think maybe just pick one of the different varietals
that you wanna try, like just the cabs
and then just sample the cabs
and then everyone will understand that,
say I'm just looking for high test cabs.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just your best cabs and then once you've tried them all,
maybe you're kinda like, hey, listen,
I've been thinking a lot about it
and I think I'm more of a short name man now.
So I would like to try your shards, see how they're doing.
And then you can just go brand by brand, varietal by varietal.
That's cool, yeah.
And then you can step outside and shit your pants
and I don't know that we should necessarily endorse
that course of action.
No, I don't think binge drinking is a good,
do you see anything that's vaguely bucket shaped?
Is there anything that looks like a bucket?
Because that's supposed to be spit in that.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be spit in that.
You're not supposed to be getting a day drunk
going to the liquor store, I'm pretty sure.
I think you're supposed to,
if you don't drink the right one,
you turn old and turn into ash and bones and stuff.
Yes, that's probably true.
So that's important.
You're gonna have to mix four of them to solve a riddle.
Like feel like-
Yeah, you're trying to,
you got a five gallon jug and a three gallon jug.
Right, yes, yes, yes, yes.
And a 175 gallon fish tank.
I mean, I would just go to the back of the store,
grab a sixer or a bud and say like,
this is my wine.
And then I'd walk out of the store without paying.
I think maybe if I owned this liquor store,
I would set this up with like 42 free samples of wine.
And when someone walked through, I'd be like,
yes, it's all free.
And it's 42 samples of wine.
One of the 42 is poisoned.
Oh, that's a bad idea.
Okay, but then statistically, if you want-
Less than nothing, that one.
If you want a bunch of free wine,
cool, listen, that's fine.
But you have to ask me about each one
before you drink it.
Oh, oh, okay.
So if you don't ask about the one that's poison,
then you're the asshole.
They'll tell you, right.
You could test all of them and be like,
okay, I've found my favorite one.
And then fucking like Ellen comes out
and she's like, this is a big social prank.
They're all the same wine.
And this is proof about how fucking fake America is.
And then you're like, Ellen, your brand has changed
a little bit.
Maybe Griffin should have thought of somebody else to,
and she's like, I know it's strange for me to put America
and sort of their habits and beliefs on blast,
but everybody's got their noses in their phones all the time
and everybody's taking pictures of their food on Instagram
and all this wine is the same.
So now you're a dumb idiot and-
And I'm gonna dance.
I'm going to dance on out of the store
and you have to watch me.
I'm gonna dance and pray for the destruction of America,
which is a garbage country that I hate now.
Thank you for me, Ellen.
I'm gonna pray for your downfall.
Your gods have become dust under me, Ellen.
Also, Jennifer Lawrence is in this box.
She's gonna jump out and scare you, but why even bother?
Why even fucking bother?
Stay in there, Jennifer.
America was a mistake.
I'm Ellen DeGeneres.
It's time to dance.
Happy Independence Day, everybody.
This is-
The worm-filled carcass of liberty
is my next guest and your guest
for your and your grandchildren's lives.
Anyways, here's a kid who can yodel or whatever the fuck.
Here's a kid who can yodel
about the downfall of imperialism.
And our musical guest is, once again,
for the 70th time in a row, it's Rise Against.
Get out here, guys.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We have a website.
By the way, if you wanna keep up on everything
related to our family, you can go to McElroy.family.
It's a website we made in partnership with Vox Media.
You can see new episodes of our podcast,
new merchandise, all of it is all there waiting for you.
Bean juice mugs, they're there.
Merchandise, you got it.
Tours, yeah, they're listed there.
McElroy.family is your one, stop, shop, pop.
That's for my dad.
Oh, okay.
Also, speaking of tours, just wanna say thank you
to everybody who came out for Cincinnati and Cleveland.
They were both a hell of a show.
We had a great time. Wow.
What?
It was great. We slayed is what you're...
No, no, no, the audience was great.
We were mediocre, but the audience was great.
And now we're very excited.
Next is Indianapolis and Nashville.
And I think there's some tickets left for that.
McElroy.family, click on tours.
Yeah, come on out.
I wanna say thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good album, very good song,
very good person, very good time
that you're gonna have listening to it.
And also thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org,
check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Switchblade, Sisters,
and Story Break, and Beef and Dairy Network,
and a whole lot more, all at MaximumFun.org.
It's time for a last question.
Griffin, do you have one for me?
Sure, I got one here.
It was sent in by Sid.
Thank you, Sid.
It's an anonymous Yansers user.
Yansers is a really powerful name for this.
I like Yansers a lot.
So this is sent in by Yansers user.
Well, they're anonymous, so I'm gonna call them...
Gregorans asks,
yahoo, it says that.
Yahoo, if some tell me there is a new moon,
what happened to the previous moon?
Whoa, my name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother,
May Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips.
["My Brother, My Brother, May Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips"]
["My Brother, My Brother, May Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips"]
["My Brother, My Brother, May Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips"]
