The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Mean Advice,
show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
And he has just got to finish this Sudoku.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Six. It was six. It was six was the last one. Hello, everyone. Like the Chilean Miners,
we've reemerged here in Nashville. We've been slumbering in your sewers since 2017,
October 2017 at the Teapack, and now we are back here at the beautiful Ryman.
What an honor it is to finally put this venue on the map.
With our twisted brand of comedy. With our own sick brand of comedy.
You know, a lot of great performers have performed on this stage before,
the Adventure Zone. If you took the last seven days of, like if nothing else,
like if history started the last seven days of the Ryman, it would be, oh yeah,
I know that theater. That's where the Adventure Zone and the Wu-Tang Clan and my brother,
my brother and me played. I know the Ryman, obviously.
And while we've been in town, we've been enjoying a lot of your local culture.
We were looking for a lunch spot yesterday. We almost went to Kid Rock's Honky Tonk Rock
and Roll Steakhouse. And I pitched really hard for Keith Urban's Flapjack Depot.
Where the Flapjacks never end. Right.
We looked a lot at Iron & Wine's High Iron Wine, which sounded disgusting, frankly.
It's like, it is blood. It is blood.
We almost thought it would be Keith's, I love this taco truck.
I love this empty building, four lease. I love this offer on the four empty building.
Toby Keith's, I loved that bar and grill. I love this now defunct bar and grill.
I love this future paintball course. But of course we ended up at Jimmy Buffett's
Margaritaville. Sorry. It has been, we've had a beautiful time here. A lovely show last night.
Everybody was so loud. Thank you. In much the same way that you are loud. In fact,
you remind me of them. Have you met them? You would like them.
I had a lovely encounter last night with a couple of listeners who came up and were very kind,
telling us how much our show had meant to them. It was very sweet and we really appreciated it.
Some hugs were exchanged. And then just as we were finishing. And our good hugs too.
Not like the lazy hugs that we say for our family. No, yeah. Good hugs that we give listeners.
Not those high school reunion hugs. And then I felt a grab on my arm, which is a little forward,
but I thought, you know what? I'm Justin McElroy. I've always got time for a listener.
So I spun around and there was a middle-aged woman there. And she looked at me and she said,
Hey, I saw you at Margaritaville. And then walked away. Walked away.
Now, I know, I know. Are you wondering? Was it an angel? Yes, it was an angel. Sent to tell
Justin a message. One of Jimmy's little parakeets that he sends out to watch over his followers.
And to keep the rumors coming. Right. Anyway, as you've certainly guessed by now,
this is an advice show. Any people who've never heard of us before in the audience?
Oh, good. Good. Okay, good. That will save us a lot of time. We can be weird. Okay. Here's our
first question. And we shouldn't be doing this question because it sets a terrible precedent.
It's an advice show. We want advice, questions, requests for advice. Do not follow this person's
example. They snuck in. We will never include it again. When we weren't looking. But then we read
it and we thought we should at least take a crack. The question is this. What if Godzilla was nice?
It almost felt like Yahoo Answers had crawled out of our TV screen like the ring and taken
over our real Gmail inbox where supposedly real human beings send us digital letters.
Here's what I really like about this question. The reason I included it in the question list
is they could have asked, what if Godzilla was good? Which I feel like is a question that has
been answered by movies and TV shows and cartoons and comic books before. But what if Godzilla was
nice? Sure. What if Godzilla was polite? He's not good. He's not bad. He's just nice.
When the tiger eats up the zebra, I don't think the tiger's not being nice. That's just what
Godzilla does. He does a big stomp on Tokyo. Think about this. How many times in your life,
walking around, have you maybe stepped on an anthill by accident? Now who's the Godzilla?
You're all the Godzilla. Yeah, but if you think about it, no one's gonna watch that behavior and
be like, nice. That was a nice thing to do that you did. You don't know how many times in the
movie between Godzilla's looking down, Godzilla's thinking, oh man, I feel so bad. I feel terrible
about this, but I have to. I'm trying to get to Panera bread. I'm just so hungry and Travis
doesn't know what I eat. I've got all this medicine for the hospital. I'm a Lyft driver
and I got to go pick somebody up. My bones cure diabetes and no one knows. Please drink of my marrow.
I'm offering myself up to you. I'm offering you shade. Why are you so mad? It is a tourist
attraction too. A lot of cities would love that kind of heat. Come to the only city where Godzilla
is. If you had just treated it with a little bit of kindness and consideration, it could have been
a mutual beneficial partnership. Just make him a chair big enough that he can stop walking around.
Make Godzilla a big chair. Leave big footprint sized holes in your city design. Yes, thank you.
Or submit over those bad boys you got a swimming pool going. Nice. That's fun. Who wouldn't love
that? What if he was nice though? What if he was nice? I feel like he'd still mess things up,
but not on purpose. We try to be nice and we mess things up. Not destroying a metropolitan area,
mind you. Yes, but metaphorically speaking. I think about this every time I walk into
say a china shop or some place that sells figurines. I immediately put my hands behind
my back because I don't want to just Godzilla around, but I still might. There's a toy story
take Henry too that has a whole big section of ceramic Russian nesting dolls. Every time I walk
in that section, I'm like, oh, I'm going to fuck this up so bad. I don't know why. Like,
I don't normally reflexively crump, but I feel like I'm about to just start crumping.
Can I do a Yahoo answer from the Yahoo answer server?
This one was sent in by Teresa. Thank you, Teresa. It's Yahoo answers user. My wife.
My wife. It's from Caleb Fax. Yahoo answers user Caleb Fax. Caleb Fax? That sounds like
somebody you'd see on a placemat. Hey, I'm Caleb Fax. Do you know clouds are made of rain?
It's true. I'm Caleb Bad Fax. I'm Caleb Fax. We have mac and cheese and grilled cheese.
I'm Caleb Fax. Did you know that turtles are just frogs with a big shell on?
What are they hiding? Did you know wolves are just mean dogs? It's me, Caleb Fax. It's F-A-X,
Caleb Fax. We also have grapes. Caleb asks, what should I do if random bread appeared in my bird
feeder? Some bread appeared in my bird feeder outside. It might not sound weird, but I live
in the forest, so it's creepy AF. None of my family members, so it means someone's walking
around my house. What should I do? Update, no. I mean like a giant piece of bread that barely
fits in the feeder. Hey, y'all, I'm scrolling through all the responses to this question.
There's not one that's like, do you mean a small piece of bread, Caleb? So I don't know who the
fuck Caleb's talking to with his... Yeah, honey, look, it's just way too big to have gone in.
Did you do it? No. Son? No. Fuck. First of all, when it's in the forest,
the whole forest is a bird feeder. That's a good point. We have systems in place for that.
Sure. It is obvious to me what has happened here. The birds are now taking care of Caleb.
Ground child, you have fed and nurtured us for long enough, ground child.
We now shall sustain you. We have taken advantage of your kindness for too long.
Suck of this bread, ground child, and let it be known, there is peace between the
sky people and the ground children. Our war has ended. Henceforth, let us attack each other no
more. Eat no more of the flesh of the chicken. Let it be known, the sky people and ground children
have made peace. No more shall we poop on your cars. No more shall you eat of our brethren.
Caleb, spread the word to the other ground children. And they too shall have bread to
sup upon. The sky people seek war no more. Suck of this grain, Caleb.
We shall teach you the ways of the skies, Caleb. Come be a wind master with us.
Together we shall kill the raccoons. Let us bring down the raccoons, Caleb. Let their
chests and japes no more echo through the forest, Caleb. Bring us your sticks and vomit and we will
make you a home. We have seen the bow and arrow that your sister Katie has. Let us rid ourselves
of the raccoons. Please get rid of the force field in your walls. Open thine abode. Let
peace be made. You can live in our houses and we'll live in yours. Teach us of the toilet.
We all know birds are just jealous. Place your shame on a toilet like us, Caleb.
Another option is that they're hoping that you're gonna come out one day and be like,
do I put bread in the bird feeder? I guess I do. And they're like, yes, it fucking works. I told
you guys it's gonna fucking work. Got them. That's a good idea. Why am I wasting so much money on
bird seed? They probably hate these seeds. My mom has been carrying around a dead butterfly for years,
literal years. And it has even moved through two different houses. It's lived on different
live plants and insists that it is okay behavior. Now this person didn't reiterate that that was
their mom, but I'm assuming it's not the dead butterfly insisting that it is okay behavior.
But how should I handle this? That's from a dead butterfly in Nashville. Are you here?
Hello. All right. Sound pretty lively to me.
Yowzers. This first hit me as my mom has a butterfly pinned to some cork board,
which is some people's thing. And that's cool. That's fine. But it's not because
your mother's putting it on plants and that's the wildest shit ever. Essentially, it has just
occurred to me the possibility that the butterfly was on a plant, the plant died, and your mom got
rid of the plant, but just the other dead thing. That's favoritism is what that is. That is true
because lots of people have like butterflies pinned to walls or apparently on plants. But if
you started with saying like, hey, that's a corpse. Maybe they would reconsider because if you did
that with, I don't know, any other animal, other thing. Oh no, but people do that with deer. Oh,
wow. What if God was one of us? Maybe we're the aliens. It's just it. What strikes me is when I
beef it up, I'm pretty sure I'll turn into bones. What happens to a butterfly after it beefs it?
Does it got bones? Probably not. What were you going to say, Justin?
We inherited a lot of decorations from Sydney's grandparents, but a lot of them weren't
their decorations. It's like stuff that had been left at their house by their kids. And
a lot of things in our house, we have no earthly idea where it came from. You don't know the
provenance. Yes, exactly. So in our bathroom, there is a cork board with a glass frame thing.
And there's like 10 butterflies stuck to it and not pinned to it. Not just stuck. They didn't get
trapped there and they couldn't escape. Certainly this semantic distinction is worth doing here on
stage. But three, not three weeks ago, Charlie was brushing her teeth and she looked at me and she's
like, sorry, sorry to brag. My kid brushes her teeth. Dad of the year over here. She was brushing
and she was brushing her teeth. She said, Dad, what's that? And I said, it's a bunch of dead
butterflies. And she said, why do we have that? And I had to answer her honestly and say,
I don't know, honey. It's just always been in the bathroom there. And it was in the bathroom at the
old house and we put it in the bathroom box and then the bathroom box came in the new house. And
then we unloaded the things from that box and hung the dead butterflies on the wall again. So here we
are with the dead butterflies on the wall. I have, it's as if we hung it there. There is an implication
of saying like, this is what our family believes in. This is what we're into. These dead butterflies,
that's where they belong. Around this house, you better stay caterpillars. Now, J-Man, that was
three weeks ago. Yeah. It's very important. Oh yeah. It's still there. Okay. Sure. Absolutely.
Well, where would I put it? In the trash. Thanks butterflies. At what point in answering the
question to Charlie did you realize like, well, I can't lie about what this is. She's four and a
half. It was actually like, I was pretty tired. Being a parent lying takes energy. Sure. Telling
him the truth is the easy way out. Travis, you have five seconds. Come up with a lie. Well,
that's fake butterflies. That's a pretty good lie. That's a wild thing to put in your house.
Better than some corpses. Whatever. Disagree. Hard disagree. Here is another Yahoo. This one,
this one was sent in by Michael. Thanks, Michael. It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I'm
going to call Diane. With four I's. Diane. And an umlaut on the A. And the N.
Is it unacceptable to eat lasagna with your hands at home? At home. Not at a restaurant. At home.
I was eating lasagna with my hands in my aunt's house. So not your fucking home, but okay.
This is how I eat when I'm in my own house. I never use utensils. But in the restaurant
I do use fork and spoon. For lasagna. Yeah. Like an arcade claw machine.
My aunt saw me and got mad at me and was like, is that how you eat in the restaurant?
Use your fork. When technically I wasn't even in the restaurant and I was in her house.
Did I only further infuriate her because I just showed up at her house as an unexpected visitor?
Much, much like lasagna, this one's got layers.
So, wait, is that the end? Did you need more? I love that right there at the very end you get
this like twist of like, so is my aunt mad at me because of the eating with my hands thing
because I broke into her house to eat her leftover lasagna. I threw one of her flower pots through
the kitchen window, climbed in and started having a lasagna sandwich, which is what I call it.
And also she's not my aunt. She's just a stranger. She's my stranger. What's the big deal?
You're welcome. I didn't go to your utensils. Yeah, good point. Now open the safe.
The problem is if you don't eat with your hands, how do you shuffle the lasagna together
and make one big stack? And then you have double-sized lasagna. Yeah, sure, sure. That's
great. Then you unhinge your jaw, slurp it up and you eat it in one bite. You go get the the
Jenga box out of the closet and use the little shelf to stack them. Yeah, yes. Hey, what do you
use the spoon for? This is a good question. In the consumption process of lasagna, where's the spoon
come into play? I guess I'll be the asshole and point out that your aunt's house is just a
restaurant where the selection is bad and the prices are good. Right. How's the service? Service
seems a little surly, honestly, especially if you don't have a reservation. Zero stars on Yelp,
Aunt Kathy. I don't have to throw a brick through the Olive Garden door in order to go eat my
uncooked fettuccine. I mean, I do, but I don't have to. I'm adding a tag to your house, Aunt Kathy.
It says bad for kids because I'm a kid and I love lasagna and you're making this bad for me. You're
35, Derek. Stop coming over and eating my lasagna. Have you seen how I eat lasagna? I'm a kid at heart.
Still have a joy? Joy of my spirit? Yeah. Watch this. Tell me you don't get a little laugh out of it.
Come on, Aunt Kathy.
It's the worst. I've been running the numbers in my head and I'm happy to report it's the worst
food to eat with your hands. There's no world in which that is acceptable to eat with your hands.
Soup, yes, of course. No, actually, you know what? You're fucking wrong. It's lasagna.
Because here's the problem. Here's what I've just realized. If you use your fingers to strain
your soup, then you have a meal of broth and fixins. You just separated them out.
The problem with eating lasagna with your hands is lasagna is a tray bake, so either at some
point a utensil was used or you grabbed a meatball of fucking noodles and sauce and cheese and shit.
Use your fucking five finger exploding heart technique to just like...
They can use a utensil in the serving of it. This isn't a religious issue.
But then you can't make an argument of like, I didn't want to dirty a utensil. You already did.
But you're dirtying a second utensil. I'm on this person's side now. You guys have flipped me.
Now I'm mad. Now I'm really steamed. Well, if you're gonna use the spatula,
just keep using the spatula. It's just a big spoon if you think about it.
A big flat spoon. Why don't you use that spoon to keep digging your grave, guys?
Because you fucked up. I want to be on this person's side, but I know if they're doing
lasagna sandwiches, you know that they're doing tortellini brass knuckles. And that's no good.
My husband and I were once at one of our favorite burger joints for dinner and halfway through our
meal, a couple was seated next to us. We could tell it was a first date. Okay. But then we
noticed the guy still had a price tag hanging off the armpit of his shirt. My man. Wanting
to be a good citizen, what would have been the best way to remove the tag for him?
Now, Shannon B., I don't want to put you on, I'm assuming the B stands for blast,
which is what I'm about to put you on. I don't think if I can get ahead of this, removing the
tag for him is going to be your best path forward. Are you here, Shannon? All right. All right.
Nashville, can I say very restrained wooing? We normally get like 30 woos when we ask people here.
Somebody who wants a taste of the limelight. Laser-like focus. I also just realized that the
context of your question is, if this exact scenario happens again, what do I do? At which point,
I don't know, maybe write a book about your life and how you got to this point. What choices you've
made? Oh, you got so many options is the good answer. The good news, you can- Tickle check.
Tickle check is also great. Tickle check. If they laugh, say like- 2019, we don't tickle check
people anymore. All right. Tickle check is out. What is in is you get a couple knives,
hold on, and you go to their table and you start doing a little hibachi cooking preparation on it.
And then while you're doing your tricks with the egg and the onion volcano, you just real quick,
they won't even notice. Okay. So I'm going to walk you. Go ahead. We're going to head on out
to the end of this little one-act drama you've created. I'm sorry, officer. I didn't mean to
stab him in the thorax. I was trying to surreptitiously remove a tag from his shirt and
then I plunged a knife into his chest and ended his young life. Now open your mouth and catch this
shrimp. Good job. Hey Justin, I'm just joking. Hey Justin, I'm just being a little stinker.
That's good, but I want Shannon to have actual advice because Shannon's planning on being in
this exact scenario again and so far your your suggestions to Shannon have not been strong.
Okay, uh, maybe you say like, Stephen, you jerk! And then punch him in the armpit, grab the tag.
So wait, hold on. Let him finish. It's not as bad. And then you say, oh, I'm sorry, I thought you
were Stephen. He knows what he did. And then maybe as you walk by, just lean in and whisper,
I got the tag. I got you. Now what? Okay. Now poke holes in that rock solid logic. Pay it forward.
I also shall put H&M. I thought of a funny thing you could lean in and whisper. Um, I almost
punched you, but I didn't because it's 2019 and I'm a human being and you've got a tag on your
shirt you should surreptitiously remove. I'm pretty sure Travis was being a stinker though.
Yeah, let me check. You didn't even, let me check the clock. Oh yeah, it's joke time. No, no, no,
you did not, uh, let the record show you did not poke your finger into your dimple as you were
saying it. So you were not being a little stinker. You punch him in the armpit.
Can, can you just goosh a lot of ketchup onto him? How is this your best idea so far?
This is the best one so far. And then when he goes to the bathroom, stab him, right? Is this stab him?
Now I'm a stinker. Now I'm a little stinker.
No, then you say you have a tag on your, on your armpit. You should get it off.
Go around and say you're taking up a collection for the needy and you're taking up a collection
of price tags. And do they have any? And then they'll say no. And you say, are you sure?
Can you check? Cause we feel like you might. I have another one, but Justin's not going to
like it again. You slip outside. You pull on a balaclava over your head. You go back in finger
in your coat pocket. Say, listen up, I'm a very specific robber looking for extremely new shirts
and all know which are the new ones.
His because of the tag and then the, but that would, that's not good. Cause then you take
a shirt and also you're robbing him. Maybe just start loudly discussing with your husband. I
believe start a loudly discussing with your husband at how cool it is when people have
armpit tags. Oh yeah. People, when they leave the price tags in their armpit,
isn't that the coolest. And okay. Now this is going to take some pre-discussion for your husband
to buy into it. He pulls a balaclava over his face and he says, let's do this honey bunny. And then
you, I have a Yahoo here and this one was sent in by Emma Cant. Thank you, Emma. Crushing it.
It's from another anonymous Yahoo answers user. This one's from a pay this and they ask,
how do I get a dog without my parents knowing I want a mini Corgi. We already have a dog.
So I know how to look after one. I am 14 update, Google mini Corgi. It's not a breed,
but it's bred to be a bit smaller update too. I can also spot signs of diseases and problem.
Our oldest cat is 16. I spotted leg problems before anyone else and hip problems.
My little brother, for those at home, my little brother just punched me while flossing.
And now you fucking know.
So those last two things are qualifications, I guess, for the child spotted the cat diseases
with the leg and the hip problems. How can we help them get a hip problem in a 16 year old cat? You
want a medal? Nice work, Eagle Eye. Yeah, good spot. Oh, maybe. Wait, how many is a mini Corgi?
Well, this is going to be adorable, but probably not like, you know,
Oh, not small enough to put in your pocket? No, you can't slide this thing into your
Trapper Keeper. Yeah, I understand my suggestion. Go to your parents, say I have a very important
thing to tell you and I want you to respect my decision. This is my adopted son, Robert,
and he's very, he's very furry, but he is dressed like a little boy. And he's my son. And I've
adopted him. And I know I'm young, but this is the right choice for me. I've adopted this small boy.
Could you? Hey, Justin, I don't think that would work.
I don't think that that was reasonable.
Yeah, but you're not going to go to fucking prison for it. Worst case scenario in
mine is you don't get to keep the dog. Maybe replace the 16 year old cat with the dog
and convince your parent that it's still the cat. Yes. Because they're not paying close enough
attention to notice the leg and hip problem. Maybe you can slide it by them. You know,
you know, that's the cat. I don't think it is, but I've never really made attention to the cat before.
Our cat, Mr. Fluffers died, but was reincarnated in this beautiful dog. That's still our cat.
It's just a different shell. It's like you motherfuckers haven't even seen Fluke.
It's like you don't even think dogs have a purpose.
Shit, I hope you guys have seen Fluke and a dog's purpose.
That's 12 people. Shit. Hey everybody, this is Griffin. Real quick, I want to tell you about
our sponsors this week. My mouth is really dry and I don't have a drink in my office. So let's
just get through this one together. Please show some, you know, some sympathies for my current
struggle that I'm going through vis-a-vis the very dry mouth. I don't need a wet mouth though
to tell you about Squarespace because it's a mouth-watering experience using Squarespace to
make a website. They got all these tools that you can use that just make all your stuff look really
good and really functional and you make a website that showcases your work or promotes your online
or physical business or promotes an upcoming event you got coming up. They got beautiful
customizable templates created by world-class designers. They got e-commerce functionality. They
got just everything optimized for you from mobile right out of the box. They got analytics. They got
customer support. They're just 24-7. That's all day, all week, all year baby. And yeah, we've used
it a couple times to make a couple websites and it's very very useful and helpful and really slick.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother. You can get a free trial and when you're ready to launch
your website use the offer code mybrother all one word and you will save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or domain. Also my brother my brother me is brought to you in part by Audible this week.
Listening makes us smarter, more connected people. It makes us better partners, parents, and leaders
and there's no better place to start listening than Audible. They have so much stuff. Holy shit.
If you are a member of Audible, you get a lot of stuff for your membership. You get three titles
every month. One audiobook plus two Audible originals that you can't hear anywhere else.
Members also have unlimited access to more than 100 audio-guided fitness and meditation programs.
They offer free and easy audiobook exchanges and the credits you get can roll over for a year
and you got a library that you keep forever even if you cancel your membership. It is it's a really
really good way to listen to like pretty much whatever makes sound. So if you've never used
it and if you are curious about it you can start listening with a 30-day Audible trial and you'll
get your first audiobook plus two Audible originals for free. So visit audible.com slash brother or
text brother to 500-500. Thank you everybody who came out to the live show in Nashville and
Indianapolis. In Nashville we played at the Ryman if you're not familiar that's where Grand Ole
Opry is and that was a pretty wild experience and we were very grateful to those who came out and
to the Ryman for having us. Real quick the audio during the audience sections gets a little bit
dicey. Everything is still like totally listenable but we get picked up in the audience mics in a way
that that kind of sounds a little bit weird so just wanted to give you a heads up about that.
And yeah we are all you know recovering from the tour. We will be back next week though with a new
episode of my Bim Bam so we'll talk to you then. Hey MaxFun listeners have you been listening to
MaxFun for a while and you've just been wondering where's the new Flat Earth podcast to keep hearing
about? Well here it is. We give you all the facts on NASA's lies and how we know that the Earth is
actually flat. Just kidding. This is Oh No Ross and Carrie and we join fringe religious groups,
we undergo alternative medical treatments. And we hang out with people like 9-11 Truth
ers, Flat Earthers. We find out why do people believe strange things. We join them and we tell
you all about it. We have a lot of fun, we make a lot of friends. Yeah we do. We joined the Mormons,
we joined the Scientologists, we got acupunctured, we got fire cupped, we got ear candled, we've done
it all and we're gonna keep doing it all. Why don't you check out Oh No Ross and Carrie at MaximumFun.org
I work at a bank and a new guy just started training in our branch for two months.
He also works part-time in a liquor store nearby. Around the time he started training I mentioned
to him I've been looking for a bottle of specific Game of Thrones whiskey for a watch party I had
been planning. If it was the finale it sounds like you needed it right? I mean just re-shoot
the last two seasons right? The other day he came in very excited and told me he got his boss to
order the very expensive whiskey for me and I can come in and buy it next week. Now that Game of
Thrones is over I'm not throwing these parties anymore and I drink so rarely that it isn't worth
it to me to buy an $80 bottle of whiskey for myself. How do I tell him I'm not interested
anymore? Am I required to purchase this whiskey or since he will only be at our branch training
for another month can I just ignore it? Oh that's a long time to go. That's from Boozless Banker.
Are you here? Holy shit was that Tuvian throat singing? What was that? I heard one high voice
going and then I heard another voice going. That was fucking awesome.
Uh yeesh you could just wait for another dragon centric television show to work its way into
America's hearts. Listen that's got to be the thing everyone has to be scrambling to pitch
dragon content and someone somewhere is saying these words so he's a by the book cop and she's
a dragon. Yes. If we can have fucking Frankenstein cop I do not see why we can't have dragon cop. I've
just pitched dragon cop and I would watch the fuck out of it. So are you gonna drive or am I?
Oh right you're a dragon. Time has proven you would watch literally anything.
Yes replace dragon with the devil and I'm already watching that show and loving the hell out of it.
Travis? So you haven't seen Fluke or A Dog's Purpose but you'll watch Lucifer.
On Netflix now you gotta watch it. I was wrong about Nashville. Griffin and I were talking about
how we had a hard time getting to sleep last night and Travis said uh not me I went home
had some leftovers and uh went right to sleep. Well I watched two episodes of Lucifer. It's like
what? That's not going straight to sleep. I can't put it down Justin. You don't. It's so good.
Hello everybody and welcome to Munch Squad. It's a podcast within a podcast.
I want to thank whoever brought me this official Dairy Queen Happy Tastes Good
shirt. I need complete silence before I ask are you here? Jesus calm holy shit. Thank you I really
appreciate it. I also like how everyone keeps scaring Griffin. That means a lot to me. Munch
Squad is a podcast within a podcast that profiles the latest and greatest in quick service dining.
That Justin keeps threatening we'll die soon and then he keeps doing it. It's on its last legs.
This is its farewell to earth. It has a million last legs. Like a millipede. Um KFC launches first
exclusive drink with guess. Mountain Dew. I heard Mountain Dew. Someone said Chick-fil-a and that
would be the most fucking bogus thing. KFC announces it's partnering with Chick-fil-a
for Chick-fil-a to make a drink for them. I love that. It's lemonade.
You're gonna think I'm having some sort of episode
and I assure you I'm not. I'm just literally reading a press release released to the press
by Kentucky Fried Chicken. Mountain Dew and KFC are partnering to electrify their beverage lineup
with sweet lightning. A refreshment lit up with a punch of peach and a touch of honey flavors. It's
available exclusively at KFC restaurants nationwide by July 1st. Dew is fixing up a true to its roots
soda that will brighten each and every one of your taste buds. Now here's where things get a little
weird. Hold on wait. It didn't get weird at Dew is fixing up just like Pa used to make.
Yeehaw. On the mountain. How did this come to be? Money. Well it's obviously money and uh they're
owned by the same company. That's the other thing. They're owned by the same company. How did this
come to be? Meet Sweet. He's the Mountain Dew pitch man who is. Do you know the official way
you write Mountain Dew by the way? The official legal way of writing Mountain Dew is capital
m-t-n-d-e-w as the official name of Mountain Dew. The Mountain Dew pitchman who is sweet,
smooth and lightning fast enough to become a mainstay at KFC where the food is finger looking
good. How did it go down? With a glass of with a glass is always full swagger. Sweet strolls into
Colonel Sanders office with his southern charm. Holy shit. And wins him over quicker than a bowl
of lightning could strike. Fuck you. No Justin I'm saying to you my brother. It's not me it's
Tipsy Pete the tail spinner. The Colonel and Sweet shook on it. So wait right now you're saying that
this. Can I read my fucking fan section? This is about the same. This is some this is some legit a03
shit for sure. The Colonel and Sweet shook on it agreeing Sweet Lightning would not be served
in any other restaurant and one sweet deal was struck. Mountain Dew Sweet Lightning is the first
exclusive beverage to be offered at KFC. For Dew this is only the second time the brand has partnered
with a quick service restaurant. Been around the block huh? I can dig it. The first being the hugely
successful Baja Blast. Of course. That's my munchies. I knew you were out there. Baja Blast
at Taco Bell uh a nearly decade and a half ago. Wow time flies when you're measuring it by the
amount of time that Baja Blast has been available. Here's a quote from from Sweet. Oh god. No it's
not from Sweet. I wish. Like KFC MTN DEW is inspired by bold ideas and flavors making this an
authentic relationship from the start. Now just take a fucking second. Just take a fucking second
about words. Can we take a second about words and how we just use the words an authentic relationship
from the start to describe how two brands one of them a grease peddler and the other one selling
like soda meth and how they got together to do peach syrup and they're like this is off this
is authenticity. We are fucking. This is this is real. To come together on an exclusive product
product Sweet Lightning is a thrill and we look forward to delighting our customers taste buds
and pushing the envelope on creativity. You made a peach drink. You made a peach drink like
Da Vinci before us. Sweet Lightning was developed in partnership with the food and beverage innovation
experts at KFC and Mountain Dew to create the perfect pairing for KFC's original recipe fried
chicken. Don't eat it with with the crisp stuff. Don't eat with the hot stuff. This is perfectly
prepared to be a perfect pairing with the original recipe. Original recipe. They've left us hanging
this whole time. Original recipe. You know how it's been missing something. The original recipe is a
KFC brand staple and the innovation experts for each brand wanted to create a beverage that is
unique as the fried chicken it was created to complement. At some point somebody went into
somebody's boss's office and the boss said um this needs to be 700 words. I don't care what words are
in it but it does need to reach 700 words. There are no press sites at all that cover this stuff.
It's only for Justin so we gotta give him some runway. What I love about this is they started
this story saying listen how did this happen? It's not our fault. Sweet showed up and talked to
Colonel Sanders and they did it and then later in their own goddamn press release said our innovators
here made it happen. So what's the real story KFC and Mountain Dew? Was it Sweet and Colonel
Sanders or was it your innovators? And I won't rest till I get to the truth. Hi I'm Travis
McElroy cup reporter. Now you think about it if you think if you boil this down to practicality
this is an entire press release to announce the fact that around the country Americans are going
to walk up to a soda fountain look at the choices and go sweet ugh no ugh I'll have Pepsi. I'll be
having a diet Pepsi today. None of that for me. Can I is there and this may be asking too much
but is there an image of Sweet lightning? Oh because like is this an MC scat cat situation
where the I have a picture of Sweet that I'm going to show to our friends here in Nashville.
He does not look like what I thought he's going to look like.
He's a handsome yellow suit. Yellow devil. He's the world's most caffeinated man. He looks like
Satan if Satan were a yellow mustard suit instead of the usual he looks like Lucifer basically. Yeah
but if Lucifer were made of piss. Yeah hi I'm pissifer. No it's not piss it's pre-piss it's
Mountain Dew. That is their slogan. It's piss ingredients. This will be piss in a while.
Mountain Dew. Anyway that's much fun. Uh should we do audience questions? Yes. All right so we
picked some audience questions out you've sent them in in advance and we appreciate it. Thank
you Paul with some nice refreshing water. Thank you Paul from Paul and Storm.
Yes let's start here. Hi hello. Hi. What's your name? Coe. Hi Coe. Uh your question please. Um
I have to walk to class every day. Yes. Uh fourth of a mile um and I have asthma and I have to use
an inhaler. Right. And I was wondering how do I use my inhaler in a way that the other students
think I look cool? Yeah. When you let me ask you this because this is going to be very instructive
when you blow it out how much cotton are you blowing? Very important. Like could you do
like a pirate ship? Only if I blow it out immediately but I need that medicine.
Well how cool do you want to look? Come on come on. Maybe when you finish this look somebody say
it's weed or write weed on it. Just write the word weed on it.
Just say bong bong. This is my cool portable bong.
How long can you hold it? Like hit it and then just keep them waiting and eventually be like
this is the coolest thing I've ever seen. Their lungs are going to be so open. I have to hold it
for 10 seconds. 10 minutes. Like David Blaine. Hi I'm going to do a new mantra today. Uh I'm
having a hard time breathing. It's just a lot of pollen in the air. 10 minutes. Put it on the clock.
Wait please come back. It's way longer in the pool. What are you uh can you if somebody catches
you doing it can you do like an animal house and just pop the whole thing in your mouth?
Yeah I can. It's that small. That's good. Maybe pass it around because you know what's cool?
Sharing. Yeah. By the way if you need advice on how to fit things that are about that big in your
mouth uh can you spin it around like a fucking cowboy gun? Oh yeah a holster. Oh you could do
a whole like and like well 10 seconds still 10 you hold it for 10 seconds but like the fastest 10
seconds anyone's ever seen right? It's a fixed measurement of time. Well so why not and you know
Einstein believes that if you inhaled in space it puts you backwards.
Does that help? It does thank you. Thank you.
Let's go right over here to a microphone I'd like to think of is Housewright.
Hi. Hi. Hello. What's your name? Charlie. Hi Charlie. What's your question? Okay so last year
I was bit by a snake in my backyard uh while I was taking out the trash. Was it one of the
cool snakes or one of the snakes you wicked don't want to get bit by? I mean it was it was like a
garter snake but it was like four feet long. I think Griffin was asking about the poisonousness
and not necessarily the length. It was not poison. Okay good that's a good start. Unless it was and
you're invincible. Oh shit. Unsnakable. So do you need help finding and killing this thing or what's
up? Is this a vengeance thing? You need to hire us because it's like five thousand dollars and we got a handle.
I'll kill any snake you all want and this goes for everybody five thousand dollars I'll kill any snake.
I'll go to I'll go into a zoo and kill a snake for five thousand dollars.
Well Charlie what? Well I'm afraid of snakes now but it's been a year and my parents are
still saying I have to take out the trash despite the fact we've seen more snakes in the backyard.
For the past year are you still taking out or are you pulling a Sarah Cynthia Sylvia style and just
leaving it let it pile up? I've been able to do it but with like extreme caution. Sure you just
chuck it out the back door. Have you thought about some kind of leg armor? That's good plate
mail solves most problems. Is it are your parents making you do it because they want you to like
face your fear because they're just really lazy? Um both. Yeah yeah yeah is there is there a chore
maybe they hate doing that you could barter with them? Like that's what I've been trying to
consider. Hey why do you have so many fucking snakes in your backyard? My my house borders
like a forest which is near a river so. My house borders a forest I have yet not seen hide more
hair nor scale with one snake. To be fair if you saw the hair of a snake it's probably the end of
the world and that's Quetzalcoatl. Yeah. Uh I mean they say lightning doesn't strike the same leg
twice. No wait in your universe a snake would go to bite Charlie and the snake would be like
it is a lot. I mean if you think about it the story you just told us was not super wild.
If you ended the story with in any way that's happened three times now it would be wild. So
if you just run the numbers you probably won't get bit again. I'm pretty sure that's how statistics
work. Unless you do. Charlie let me let you into a secret that parents won't tell you and I realized
this recently Justin and I were talking about this earlier. Uh so I have a two and a half year old
and I've come to the realization that the number of times I've said like hey don't open that door
or hey it's time to sit down and my kid just goes no. And I suddenly have the overwhelming
realization I have no power over her. So the next time your parents are like take out the trash just
go no. No. They'll be upset don't get me wrong they'll be upset. They'll take away your Nintendo
for sure. Or next time they ask you to take out the trash you say okay hold on one second and
you bite them in the leg really hard. Does that help? Yes. Excellent there we go. Hello. Hi. Hi
what's your name? Sam. Hi Sam. You can bend that mic down and get right up on it. Hello oh we
messed it up. It was a mistake. Oh no. And that's it welcome to our prank show my brother my brother
and me. Hi. Hi Sam. Sorry I messed up the email like four times. Oh no it's fine what's your
question? Uh so a few like last year we were gifted some birds for our Christmas gift. I suspect the
person didn't want them but anyway so they were more a gift from my brother. Okay. Uh but he goes
to school so I was entrusted with the birds and a so and so happened to the birds and one of them
died. Stop stop stop. You cannot sew. I saw like three people in the audience go whoa whoa whoa.
I need you to get right up on that mic and say what happened to these birds.
I don't know. You don't know Sam you know. You know. Look in your heart. Say what happened to
the birds. Unburden yourself here at the Ryman. We had two birds. One for me and one for him.
Okay so you each had your own bird and you know we're gonna get to the part where one of them
died so maybe we should skip there. I don't even know which one died TBH. Um I hate these birds.
I did not kill them. I suspect they were old because when you get a bird from the pet store
you don't know how old it is. You count the rings and then. The fact that you felt the need to say
I did not kill it. Relatively sure. Anyways that's not the point. Hold on. Yeah I held it
underwater for a long time but. And this harsh words can kill a bird. Okay we haven't gotten
the question yet. So it happened two times. Okay. No no no. So with the first bird we
replaced it with a bird that looked exactly the same. And didn't tell him. And then it
happened again and we replaced the bird but I sent my dad to get the other bird and the bird
that he brought back looked nothing like the other bird. Good job dad. Like 100% nothing like the
other bird and I was like well I can I guess maybe convince him that it molted funny maybe
and it just looks like that now. Is your brother here? He is. Okay. He's also. Question answered.
He already knew though. He already knew. I had to come clean and I had to tell him but now he
doesn't trust me. Yeah. Yeah I stabbed the guy trying to get a tag off his shirt and now he
doesn't trust me. I don't trust you. I did it because I thought he would be very very sad. My
brother is my best friend. I thought he would be very very sad if I told him that his bird
passed away and I couldn't get anybody else to do it and I didn't want to do it so. Sam I want
you to know as somebody with a four year old daughter who has in the past two years bought
seven fish and only had to come up with two names. I'm on your side. But your daughter's four and my
brother's 25. I mean the animals are still dead Sam. They sure are. I mean there's there's some
point that you're making that I can't connect the dots on but I think mine's pretty clear that I'm
trying to say I'm on your side. Thank you. You do need to get ones that look similar though because
that's a rookie. That's where the second name comes in. Princess Aurora has to be pink
and you can get another pink fish that's fine. If you get a blue one though
he's gonna know it's not Princess Aurora. Okay trust me on this one.
That's why we have Belle and daughter of Belle. That's convenient. Yeah yeah we all want to leave
something behind in this world. It's a legacy. Maybe next time just say your bird moved.
The bird moved away got a job out of state. If your family is going to be so bad at doing the
Indiana Jones pedestal switch with these birds you need to buy so many fucking birds that your
brother can't even keep track of how many birds. I was a hundred percent invested in being like
60 years old and when the other bird died like sneaking into his house and like replacing the
bird like I was in for the long haul. I was gonna do that but then it ended up that my dad dropped
the ball or the bird and then we just had to get a different bird. Got it and you know what
most of the time you drop a bird it's probably fine. Birds they fly. They're very resilient.
Oh I dropped the bird and I dropped it up. And also it was a 10-story building so that was a
mistake on my part. To be fair the bird owed Sam's dad a lot of money. Yes. The feet aren't so happy
now are they? The juice is running. Does that help Sam? I reckon. It's fair that's as much as we
deserve. Thank you Sam. Hello. Hey what's up? Hey guys. Hey Zach. Zach. Hey. Hey. What's your
question? I mean I know what it is and it's amazing but I'm excited to hear it from you.
So I was at TPAC two years ago and I asked you guys how I need to get my dad to not think it's
cool for his grandfather name to be Tarzan. Yes. So he still wants that to be a thing. Yeah. So I
have two nephews and now my wife is pregnant so I think this is a much more pressing matter now.
Now it affects you. Now you got skin in the game. Yeah. So please help me. Yeah. And to be clear
we didn't help you last time. No. I just want to get the stakes. So since then you say he wants it
to be a thing. Has it been a thing up till now? Okay and even more skin in the game is a great
segue because he got a tattoo of Tarzan. Hey bad news it's a thing. Yeah. Your dad is Tarzan now.
He made it a thing. Oh god yes. It's over bud. I need a fucking cigarette. It's over bud.
If I had a month to plan maybe but this no. Here I kind of help you. It's Tarzan and it's a thing.
Okay hold on all right let's let's go through all of our options because maybe we weren't thorough
enough last time. I thought we had this fucking squared away but uh. Yeah I thought we made it
pretty clear to your dad that he couldn't be Tarzan. I actually think we were on board with
it last time. What was our advice last time? Well I think I think it was Griffin that said just
to have the kids just yell Tarzan a lot in public places and maybe it'll be embarrassing enough.
Well it's that backfired huh? Yeah. He just loved it. He he lived it up. He's he's literally doubled
down. Oh maybe see if you can get the kids to start saying Tarzan. Yeah. Now that now he he's
like oh they must have my tattoo. Wait does the tattoo say the word Tarzan on it? No it's like.
We got options. Yeah yeah yeah. Can he just say like well my grandpa name is Papa like a normal
one and this is just a generic. This is just Brendan Fraser. This is a swinging jungle man.
My grandpa name is George like George of the Jungle that's who's on my tattoo. Is your
dad's name George? No. Damn damn. Give us something. Is it Brendan Fraser? It's not. Is your dad Brendan
Fraser? Fuck. No. That would have been cool for a lot of reasons. Zach you're not leaving us many
options pal. I know. Do you have any other grandpas you could use? Do you have any backup grandpas?
Yeah this one's this one's done with. This one's cached. This one's all used up. You know when you
get food from like like DoorDash or something like that you can leave special instructions
in there. You can say like you have to say that they're his grandpa and they have a normal grandpa
name like Jim Jam or something like that. This is your new grandpa. He brings us pizza from the
dominoes. Griffin's suggesting a grandpa escort service and I'm very into it. In the sheer economy
grandpas are the next big thing. I'm not using my grandpa all the time and now you can.
Now warning my dad calls himself peeps so.
Yeah. I don't know why you should have gone. If we didn't do it you probably should have asked
a different podcast. You don't go to a second opinion from the same doctor two years later.
You know you get a different smarter doctor. Your butt's still weird. I don't know man.
You go ask Mark Marin or my favorite murder. How to fix your dad problems.
Hey so what we can do is. Okay yes you give us a fight. Thank you. So I guess my counter here is
when you guys are doing a show in two years at Bridgestone I'll just ask the same question.
Just keep us in the loop. Yeah this is the new 7 up. And for the love of God next time
Zach please do bring your dad. Yes. Okay you can lower their lights and bring back up the
Justin lights as I think of them. Thank you. Interesting. Hey everybody. Hey everyone. We've
had a lot of fun here. But you know what's not fun? Stabbing people in restaurants. Hi I'm Justin
Mackerel. Now this has been you all have been so fun. Yeah thank you all so much. What a great fun
city. What an amazing like fun group of people you all have been. Thank you so much. Also you
also last night at the adventure zone did the arena stomp. Which I don't think I've heard like
anywhere else. I know. Okay but stop it's a lot. It's a lot. This building's so old please stop.
Thank you. Old and beautiful. I cannot fucking believe that we got to play the Ryman twice.
This is the best life-changing dream come true. Absolutely wild. I want to say a huge thank you
to Paul of Paul and Storm. Thank you Paul. Who ate some of my drunken beef noodle before I could
tonight. Neat. Wait you know what Paul? He got in there first ate four bites looked at me and said
good news it's not poisoned and then left. That's a good tour manager right there. Good guy. Good
nude. Also want to say thank you to our daddy. Thanks dad. Thanks to Evan Palmer for the poster
designs. Those are in the lobby. Those are only gonna be on sale. Thank you to Sawbones and
Schmaners. Thank you. Maximum Fun thank you for having us on the network and John Roderick in
the long winter she's ready to set apart drop the album put in the days to come. Thank you. So real
quick so we're traveling with our families and we got to get out really early tomorrow to head
to Indianapolis. So we're not going to be able to hang out after the show. We rented this is fun.
This is the first time we've ever gotten a bus because there's like 50 of us now. And I flew
into Nashville but they came up from from Appalachia and I have just. I came from Cincinnati. That's
basically Appalachia. I literally backstage tonight just learned there are of course bathrooms
on the tour bus. You're not allowed to poop in them. There's a sign on the door that says don't
poop here in a bathroom. I'm sure you'll be hearing a lot about that at our live show we record
tomorrow night in Indianapolis. Yeah. But thank you so much. You've been amazing. Every week on
my brother me Griffin asks a Yahoo question at the end of the show that we think about and talk
about and then return to next week with some of our answers to it. Have you prepared one? Sure.
This is a one that was sent in also by Emma can't crushing it. Thank you. It's Yahoo Answers. It's
an anonymous Yahoo Answers user. Their name is Jim Jam and they asks they asks they asks
how to get frosted tips like my boy Guy Ferrari. My name is Justin. I'm Travis.
Maximum fun.org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned. Listener supported.
Dead Pilot Society brings you exclusive readings of comedy pilots that were never made featuring
actors like Patton Oswalt. So the vampire from the future sleeps in the dude's studio during the day
and they hunt monsters at night. It's Blade meets the Odd Couple.
Adam Scott and Jane Levy. Come on, Cory. She's too serious. Too business. See, she doesn't know the
hokey pokey. She'll learn what it's all about. Busy Phillips and Dave Koechner. Baby, this is
family. My Uncle Tell who showed his wiener to Cinderella at Disneyland is family. Do you want
him staying with us? He did stay with us for three months and he was a delight. A new pilot every
month. Only on Dead Pilot Society for maximum fun.
