The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Hello everybody and
Welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle is brother Steve Johnson. No, wait
What was that April Fool's?
You got me so yeah, it was me Travis the whole time guys. Okay. Yeah, let me try one and what's up you dumb buttholes
It's me Griffin April Fool's Day now. Oh, okay Griffin. Is that right?
I didn't give you the briefing ahead of time, but I would like us
We're recording this the day before April Fool's Day
It will come out after April Fool's Day, of course
But we can keep the spirit in our hearts all year long
I would like to try to focus on April Fool's jokes that everyone can smile and chuckle at where there's no
there's no but but that's but that's the jet like that's the like I would never I would never be like what's up fucking
ugly numb nuts dirt dirt bag numb nuts assholes shrimp dick
assholes
Gass holes April Fool's Day. I would never guys I would listen to me. I would never
Ever say something like that and that's the joke of it. Hey Griffin
Can I tell you my problem with that run? You just went on wasn't so much the offensive language as I couldn't tell where the
Punctuation was in it and what what nouns went with what verbs and what?
Was shrimp dick asshole one?
Idea or is that sort of one?
Incredible private part. Oh, it's one amazing private
The Ouroboros the shrimp dick itself. It's like a shrimp cloaca. Yeah, it does a lot of stuff. It's a it wears many hats
Justin do you want to try an April Fool's? It doesn't matter cuz I didn't mean it cuz I would never say anything like yeah
But for a second Griffin, there's a second there where I thought you did mean
Mark of a great April Fool's joke. Okay, Justin. Hey, should we um, should we try to prank dad?
I don't know. He's what would be a good prank on dad? We can tell him what do we call him?
Yeah
It's doctor
You know that tests that you had done and it's like it doesn't matter with that because he probably
I'm not on board with it so far. But reel me in. Okay, we did it. We have to do it again deeper. Oh
What do you know? I'll like the test has to go be deeper
He had done we're gonna do it again, but like more and harder and deeper so we can make him so then it's not like he's unhealthy
Right. We can be like, hey, it's me your doctor
The results are looking great. We don't want you to fret at all about that, but you do need to come in and let us
Do it deeper just so we can be a hundo
We just need a good deal we need to push harder and it's gonna be wider this time
Right. It's gonna be a much bigger instrument say that a bigger deeper instrument now
I don't I don't know how to break it to you guys, but our dad's kind of a big nerd
Yeah, okay, maybe we could call him and be like, hey
It's your doctor and we did the test and we've never seen anything like it before you've got the mutant gene my friend
No, he's not gonna believe that no
Like hey, it's it's me
You know Larry McMurtry or something, you know, hey true believer, it's me Stan Lee. Oh, that's good. That's good
Yeah, I faked my death so that I could live in in anonymity
But I'm ready to give over my comic fortune to you if you can answer me this one question
What spider-man's real name and then then also be like and also you need to go back to the doctor because they gotta go deeper
They gotta go deeper and more and more of it with a wider instrument
true believer true
Celsius Celsius. I
That's funny. Yeah, he's got a heart. Yeah, he's got enough going on
Maybe we could have dad prank Justin
Well, I'm here we could have like dad called Justin like hey, it's your doctor and you know that tests
We gotta go deeper, but now I think juice will see that one coming only but only
because
First off. I'm a virile young man who never needs any sort of medical. I've never been to the doctor. Yeah. Yeah, I don't uh, and
But but more than that like I just I'm here
Did you just second-guess calling yourself a virile man a virile young man?
Or did you become afraid that your wife might overhear you saying that you've never been to the doctor and talking about I don't need
It out of the doctor because I was questioning I I
I can we just talk can we said jokes out of the room first? Yeah
Because I'm about to get vulnerable with you guys. Okay, now you're where you need a test of some sort
No, I'm gonna get vulnerable with you guys. And I don't know what I was pausing there to think was if
Virile like I've had a vasectomy that's and I don't know if virile is specifically about your jizzies
They're not right. You're saying you're saying you could nut
If it weren't for the elective you've decided not to nut
Essentially is what you've that I think is like true virility is
Deciding not to the power not to know. No, I still not it's just oh, look at this braggart over here
It's all right big man. We get it
Completely clear. Yeah, I mean like water sand. Oh, no the other side. Yeah, like what kind of a sex me did I have?
Huh? They must not if you're not sure if you're not blasting water with every jizz
Go ahead juice. You're not blasting water with every jizz and you did not have a vasectomy. They lied to you
They gave you something else. Yeah
Yeah, but I don't know. Can you still be virile if you're they still in there if it don't work?
That's what I'm saying. It's in there and it could come out. You've just decided to make it not
Hey, it's like, you know, Willy Wonka closed his factory, but it's still popular
You know what? I mean, he's still a millionaire. Even though people aren't going in or out. I
Didn't I don't even stop to think about what's going on with all the little boys in there
They're just kind of in there forever, huh? Yeah absorbs. Oh, man
Yeah, well that or it's just your balls are getting bigger and bigger. It's both
I mean, that's the thing it gets reabsorbed to create more mass
Right
This is a bad conversation that I hate April fools April fools
We knew it was bad. We would never talk about these huge balls huge. Yeah, I can't believe you bought it
It would say that sit here and talk about how their balls are as big as the swing of Tiger Woods come on
Come on, everyone. Come on April fools. I
I recently left my job and as a departing gift my old employer had given me a
$100 gift card to a local Canadian coffee slash donut shop. I mean, that's a lot
It's Tim Hortons, but that's a lot a hundred dollars at Tim Hortons a lot of Tim Hortons. It's probably Bieber
This is probably from Bieber
The only reason that happens is because your boss your boss was like you need to make a good impression at your new job
Donuts for everybody. I'm giving you a leg up. Here you go. It was sent to me via email
The only thing is that it was sent to my work email and I hadn't realized this until now
Which is a problem because it has been almost a month since I left that job. Is that money gone now?
What do I do? That's from cardless in Canada. Oh boy. Oh
That's a toughy. This is not enough people talk about right?
But how much how like in a year, right?
Retail places have to be like crossing their fingers every time a gift card is bought. It's like, please lose it
free money
Now wait a minute who is in this example Travis who is thinking that because it's not the cashier who's like no
It's like mr. Sears or like, you know, the lady Macy's, you know
Like oh, it's the people who it's the it's the people who run it. Professor Katzouk's exactly. Thank you
Jeremy journeys
Yeah, I
Want to I want to open a store next to it by the way called destination and people are like it's not about that
Right because I want to help journeys good. That's really fucking good
Okay, do you think this is Canadian
Like money or American like comedian. What's the Canadian dollar trading for juice? It's 80 80
To our our dollars. So that's so easy. That's like a really easy conversion
I hope they keep it locked right there at that night. Yeah, lock it right in and that's easy to do
So I think everybody should just lock it into everything equals $1 by the way, cuz I can't do god
That would be so much easier. So confused because they say it's a local Canadian coffee shop
It's like do you mean it's a local Tim Hort?
Like why would you say local and Canadian your friendly neighborhood Tim Tim? Maybe Jim Hortons?
No, it was like in are they in Canada or not? That's all I'm trying to figure out. I think so
Let's just assume it. Okay, so $80
No, but we don't know how much coffee costs. Let's just call it. That's what I'm working on right now
I'm working on that for you. You're
Googling how much how this math could not possibly be so important that it would require you
I can't I don't think we can have here's the thing. It isn't $80
You have to let go of that. We have to figure out what the conversation. Okay, do you understand?
Yes, is it worth 30 coffees is what you're saying? That's what I'm that's all I'm saying. Yeah, probably not
Is yes it is
Because we have to assume
Right that there was enough goodwill
Built up over the you worked hard enough and did a good enough job that when you left your boss gave you a hundred dollar
gift card
All right, it's you you got us
We got to stop because they're not bringing the question is not can I bring this Canadian gift card to America?
And then have the value of our currency judged against your own
Can I mule some doughnuts across you know with international lines in Canada?
It does he is you can I hoop some Tim bits?
in Canada a does he is gonna cost you
899 right. Okay. Now, I don't know if they do taxes over there or what but let's just assume they actually give you money back
Let's assume that it's ten dozen doughnuts. Okay, that's a hundred and twenty doughnuts
I'm sure now if you think about that if you can contextualize this question now now
It's something you can talk about because now you're talking about
Somewhere in the bowels of the Internet are a hundred and twenty doughnuts just for you
It's like one doughnut a day for a third of a year like that. I don't do actually more math
Okay, I'm so I am I hating this I am actively mad at the question asker for the amount of math that they have brought
It's just like to be fair Griffin. Sorry Griffin Justin if I may the question asker didn't ask us to do this math
Justin has voluntarily assigned
They gave us one number and Justin right turned into the fucking number muncher
$120 120 doughnuts. Yeah trapped in my email. Here's okay. Don't do this. Don't do it
but
What don't reach out to get back in the email? Oh what you're about know what you could do is go to
Whatever the story is. Let's say Tim Horton's order the stuff and then when they're like time to pay then you say
well, I had a gift card, but I lost it and
Then at this point
Tim Horton's is the needles Tim Horton's is let's just say pot committed because the chances are they've already started boxing the doughnuts
Right, they've already punched it into the computer, right?
Okay, but if you walk up to whoever's by the cash register and the first thing you say is is there a way to figure out?
I had this gift card, but I lost it and I have zero information about it
Nothing's happening here. Nothing's happening here. You the Tim Horton's employees would rather
Let you watch and look on in horror as they shoved doughnut by doughnut into the garbage disposal
One of them give them to you for free. Like there's no way that this plan will work. I
I it is channel. I'm not saying give them to you for free
I'm saying once their pot committed now they have to look at now they have to get in the computers and figure it out
Yeah, we're gonna have to like hack the matrix and figure out where no
1950 where they have like a little tiny box with index cards with each individual customers name
It's also not 1950 where any business cares about any individual experience
Period like yeah, they don't care. They don't care
They would rather pull out a bucket of dirty mop water and shove all your
And then you tweet about it once and they're like, sorry you had a back
No one care like they don't care how it goes for you they wouldn't even do the gift card with the tweet
They're just be like, oh that sucks. Sorry. We love a chance to make this right? Yeah
Come in and they're like, oh good. I'm glad you're here. We've got all your mom
Can you DM us with more details of the experience and you're like, yeah
You dumped them all my donuts in the dirty mop water and you like I'm so sorry. I hate that for you
Oh, that's so bad. What did you do?
Call your impression of Tim Horton
Yeah, I'll be that's so weird that they did that that is not company policy we actually have signs telling
We're gonna definitely look into this this actually sounds like a franchisee issue
So yeah, I'm going to improve our our training on that front
I mean the problem with this is if you reach out to the you can't reach out to the boss. Why not be okay?
Run it through like imagine it to you if an employee or that you like enough to do this gift card, right?
Yeah, if an employee reached out to you and they're like, hey, I don't want to be like rude or anything
But I couldn't I can't access that gift card
You got me because I don't have access to that email address anymore
What can you do and if they can't they're gonna feel so stupid? Yeah
God idiot, they're gonna feel so stupid about sending it to your work email
That they might end up feeling obligated to get you another hundred dollar gift card
like yeah, so that is what I would do in that scenario because I would feel like such a guilt cuz it's a
Person I mean it's a purse and you're not gonna feel good about that
There you won't feel good about you are assuming that they would not because you because you would not feel good about that
Right. I'm just saying that that is a solution. It is perhaps the most direct solution. Is it the most
High road solution. No, no, of course not. But I would also argue that within a month
The chance that your boss has some kind of receipt for the transaction right that they could like contact
Contact Tim Horton's customer service
What did you just giggle at just the idea of like calling Tim Horton's customer service like just hey
My boss I fucked up real good. I bought a hundred dollar gift card for the employee. Please help Tim Horton's
I just like that idea. There's a gaping hole in our donation a real
There's a real gaper here that we're missing out on and that is
the the
reason for your departure
From the job the the the quality of your departure from the business that you are no longer employed at
You don't get a hundred dollar gift card is an implication that it was
amicable
That's a good point. Yeah, I've never been like yeah get the fuck out
But also real quick before you go take this with you. I just want you to know this is this is $100 of doughnut hush money
Unless unless
The boss knew that you would not be able to access
These non fungible donut tokens and so then it's sort of an empty gesture, right?
Oh, I'm gonna give you a million bajillion dollars in
Donut money and it's gonna be waiting for you in your work email and then immediately when you get off the phone
They call IT and just like get the shut it down fucking shut it down
Start the timer. I want their email closed before they're off the premises
I think you can I think email them and just get your fucking doughnuts
Why don't you why don't you go to Tim Horton? Just just go to their website and just like talk to him
person to person
Just tell us to talk to and we don't do that anymore
Thank you. We don't
contact
Website people anymore to say hey, yeah, you know human to human
Human person what can you do? What can I do? And hey after this you want to see a movie and hang out?
Let's become real-life buds and they'll feel good for helping you get
120 doughnuts. Yeah, and like ten of those donuts are yours my friend
That's a finder's fee and they'll say I wouldn't eat that with my worst enemy's dog's mouth. I know it's been in the mop water
I'm from mop water. Did they come to not water? It's wilts to base to return
Do you guys think it's weird? Yes, that Tim Horton's doesn't have a possessive apostrophe
So the actual name of the actual business is just plural Tim Horton
Just like many Tim Horton's lined up Tim's ready to serve you and every one of these is me
eat up my doughnuts
So I hope that helped
Hey, do you want to go talk to the wizard about what they have for you today? I want him to come to us. We're
Off to see the wizard the magical wizard of cloud here. He is a wizard was just like Chris sewed-out
Remember now from bridesmaids. Yeah, really turned in a great performance Chris. So don't
He was in the IT crowd
Yeah
This one I think you guys are gonna really need for to get through this
This April's Day because it is how to get your little brother to stop bugging you. Thank you
I've been I've been wondering about this for
35 years
And Justin for 38 38. Yeah, Tori sent this and thank you Tori
So you can choose your friends, but you can't choose your family a younger brother can be a pain
And now hold on I've watched the fast the furious franchise. You can definitely choose your family
Well, that's a good point trap. Yeah, so really a pointer. Yeah, man family. It's just blood
No, it's it's oil
car
Oil is the blood of cars a lot of cars and brake fluid, which is the sweat of cars
No, it's the jizzies. Okay drink up this oil for it is my blood
I look at that white when she wiper fluid is my spit what what is what body fluid is Corona?
It's Corona's what interrupted the filming of fast furious 10. That's where the current
Okay, so hey so here's how to get your little brother to stop bugging you when he's being a real shithead
Okay, step one give your brother some attention
The first one is give
Quit give him what he wants what he wants. Well, okay. I mean it would be cool if you guys actually listen and took
Okay, sorry, you're right
Go ahead. I'm giving you attention. It does if I want I need it. I'm so
Okay, so set aside sibling time if your brother is always pestering you while you're hanging out with your friends or chilling in your room
then then
Try scheduling a special time to do something with him. Yeah, like once a week record a podcast together
There you go. That should keep him
Satisfied. Yeah, I don't think I don't think they were talking about that
It's like fun stuff
You could plan a specific time each week to do something fun with your brother such as Saturday afternoon when you have free time
I asked him like Thursday mornings at like 10 a.m. Oh, you know what Griffin we have our weekly meeting on Mondays
That's fun, right? That is fun. We do adventure zone, you know now pretty regularly
Yeah, that's fun. Yeah, it's it is it is pretty fun
But you could also do Saturday afternoons. You could ask me what's fun to do and we could come up with an idea together
Okay, Saturday afternoon. What do you want to do?
Probably be asleep. Okay, but that's not really a group activity. Well, we can take naps
Simultaneously separately. I mean they got some suggestions here
You might even begin a weekly tradition such as going bowling or watching a movie together on Friday nights
What are you guys up to this Friday night?
Do you want to watch a bowling movie like alley cat strike or I wouldn't fucking love to watch any cat strike
Introduce him to friends. Maybe your brother nags you to hang out all the time because he doesn't have friends
Well, I mean this one's not true
clearly
Maybe he's shy and has a hard time meeting people if he has friends. He'll be less likely to pester you
So if your friend has a younger brother about the same age as yours plan to do something together so that they can meet
Never set me up with your friends as brothers. None of my friends is have brothers
Yeah, that's a good point. I mean like if you think about it, right think about all my best friends Griffin
Yeah, no brothers there. All right. Well, how about this one? You guys should be able to do this one set aside a hobby
Suggest a hobby. I mean don't set aside one. That's not what it says. It says suggest a hobby
so
No, I'm already obviously doing that help your brother find other interests than bugging you hobbies that your brother can do by himself
Will be the best one to suggest I can't podcast by myself. You all know this you couldn't mod game boys by yourself
You can make candy that habit was too expensive and also I welded my flesh to a copy of Pokemon silver
Are we still talking about the game boy or about candy?
I'm talking about the game boy. Okay, and candy is also very dangerous
So again, I would need a non-dangerous one
Or else you could really Johnny Tremaine yourself with some like hard candy very nearly did very nearly did. Yes
Griffin you could get into cosplay. Will you just let him do his bit? I'm trying to help one way
He is trying to help me and in fact because I care about Griffin Justin
Hey guys teach me a sport
Oh, okay. That's a big ask. Maybe I try mirror when you and I tried to learn cricket
Yeah, that went pretty good
Maybe your brother really wants it me. Sorry
I'm gonna start just maybe I really want to hang out at the skate park
But I don't know how to do any tricks if you spend more time with me showing me how to practice
I will be more confident and going to the skate park by myself
I will likely meet other kids who skate and make friends on my own now Griffin. Here's the deal
I will make you I do not know how to skateboard or or skate very well in general
I will watch videos on it and I will learn the
Theoreticals and then I will stand on the ground and coach you on the board at the skate park
That's not what I'm looking for. I want to spend time with you. I'll be with you or teach me a sport
I don't have enough money for a skateboard or basketball sneakers. So you could help me earn some extra cash
Now wait, hold on pay your brother to stop him bugging. It was basically this for instance. If yeah if dad
Offers to pay us for cleaning the garage
As he is wanted to do
Offer to help me do this extra chore, but don't demand any of the money. That would be cool guys. That would be cool. Like
Yeah, I mean this is a problem is like you're giving your brother what he wants
Yeah
Yeah
like I need I have other things that I want to do in my life and I don't want to do these if I had
Time for my brother. I would be giving time to my brother. That's not help it. This is not helpful and just as a small
Diversion from this every time I have to clean my garage
I finish and I call our dad and I'm like, hey 20 bucks, please and he's like, what are you talking about?
And I'm like, I clean my garage pay me and he's like, that's not how it works. You're 38 now
And it's your garage and I'm like you set up an unfair standard sir. Yeah, that's right
That's trying to imbue in you an entrepreneurial spirit
But basically he just set up a Pavlovian response that when I do a chore dad you should have to pay me
So that does actually say here offer a reward or bribe
So it says here loan me your iPod or let me pick the television show
What?
That we're watching together
And I'm doing it
You guys never let me you guys never let me watch the stuff. I want to watch. What do you want to watch? Yeah
Really super violent anime like okay really really very okay done. Yeah, we'll watch no no
No guys, don't just agree to it that fast. You have no fucking idea how gnarly this anime is so violent like Avatar
Like Yu-Gi-Oh or
Because there's fights in those like like a little more intense like perfect blue you want to go back to the like twice
Classic twice what avatar does you will barf whoa you'll barf when you see it
I'm talking about vampires like making people I made you that special fan made avatar cut super cut
Yeah, just to fight them and then and Justin added some like red slashes on the screen
Yeah, you added your own blood to avatar, which I thought was super cool
That was protect your space and your belongings help your brother understand help me understand
It's possible me doesn't understand why privacy and personal space is a big deal
Begin by talking to me and explaining why it bothers you that I go through your things every night when you guys are asleep
Hold on
Hold on. I don't take anything. I just go I just go through it just to make sure you guys
Just a sniff or two it's not even a big deal. Yeah, so explain to me why that's bad
Cuz I don't know actually yeah, I don't think there is actually a good reason listen
If someone's gonna go through my house at night one with sleep
I'd rather it be Griffin because if Griffin's there then I know if somebody else comes in
Griffin's gonna be like bark at them and be like this is my territory
I go through the stuff yeah, or I could tell them where all the best stuff is so that they can get it like
Why would you do that?
Well if someone's gonna burglarize your house don't you want them to just get in do the damn thing and get out
I don't want to have to interface with then why did I let you come in my house and go through my stuff Griffin if
You're not gonna call dibs when a burglar shows up. I'm gonna help the burglar go fast
Yeah, no, I understand that that's my that's the issue. I don't sound like you do oh boy
You know you could if your brother annoys you and bugs you all the time you could do what I've done
Which is spend a long time many decades making yourself have like a weird sense of humor
And kind of like what I don't is that funny. I don't get what that is and like you're a little bit weird
And maybe give yourself like a weird voice
That's gonna be hard to listen to for a long time, and then eventually your little brother's like you know what?
You know I'm good. I'm just gonna go over here. I'm good. I'm gonna move to Texas
You know something like that, so you're saying that you gave yourself. I'm confused what you just said
This whole Travis that you guys know is a construction because Griffin was so annoying when he was like three years old
Oh, I can't and I was like this stuff. I was so fucking cool when I was
Can you even do your real voice? Oh let me see?
Hey everybody, how's it going? It's not that different. It's me. It's me Travis. It's me
Steven Johnson
Real it's me the real Steven Johnson
Now you're Steven Johnson, not Steve Johnson. Okay. I'm Steven Johnson. I'm over here riding my motorcycle
And I'm doing fucking cool-ass flip. Yeah, I would bother the shit out of Steven Johnson would not get a moment
All I do is watch R-rated movies and drink
Some fucking heavy ass amber ale. Steve Johnson, do you like super violent anime? I love super, are you kidding me?
The more violent the better. I mean once where people- Can I have a request that Steven Johnson hang out for the rest of the episode?
I'm done with Travis. I'm gonna bug the shit out of Steve, he knows. This actually feels way more comfortable. Oh fuck yeah, dudes
Let me take a sip off this cool bourbon, hold on
Wait, is the bourbon, like, some way, like, temperature cold or is it like- It's got sunglasses. I can't believe I'm gonna ask that square
I thought you were cool
He's right, he's necking me and I'm loving it. Yeah
Take away the temptation if possible. That's essentially what Steven did do
Ask your parents for a lock. Travis did lock, or I guess Steven Johnson locked himself away
To make- It was so dark in there, you guys. In a Travis prison. Where have you been, Steve?
Mostly hiding behind Travis's eyes watching Supernatural
Can you imagine being in prison and forced to watch Supernatural and not say, oh we're starting Lucifer now, great. Oh great, my favorite
No, actually Lucifer is pretty good. Don't knock it, you guys, if you haven't watched it, Tom Ellis delivers
It feels like Travis's, that was a real Travis thing to say
No, it's fucking cool as shit. He's the devil, guys
Oh, that is cool. Yeah, good point. You haven't fucking thought about it. He's the fucking devil. That's really badass
That's cool. Yeah, dude
Yeah, as opposed to Supernatural, where it's just a cool older brother hanging out with his little nerdy brother who won't leave him alone
Fucking sucks. Yeah, I really related to that. Yeah
Can we- there's a next tip here that's really- Oh my god, is he still talking?
Hey, Steve, you don't have to be rude about it because you're gonna feel actually pretty guilty when I do this next one
Uh-huh. Think about the reason your brother me hugs you or bugs you, it says bugs you
I thought it said hugs you because in the image it does look like the little boys hugging the man
So I will actually keep it my wrong
Interpretation and I want you guys to think about why I hug you. To get your stink all over me. To pick my wallet
Yeah, that's right
Yeah, it's both of them. Talk it out
Talk to me when I try to hug you and you don't want it and you're wearing a badge on your shirt
That says CEO on it. Hold on. Wait, I have to read this. No, it's a phase
You don't want to behave in a way that could damage your future relationship with me
It might not seem like it now, but when you get older, I might just turn into your close friend
So this is you in your CEO shirt and you're thinking about the time that I tried to hug you
Wait, it's a CEO shirt? Well, sorry, no- Can I get an image, Griffin?
Yeah, let me let me do a screen. I know that's not the most conducive to to audio. No, but it's confusing
It's a good image. This seems
This seems worthy of posting on Sushi after
Okay, so okay
imagine a man
Okay, imagine
There's a man
Who is writing on paper and his brother is reaching from behind him and choking him
But it's more of a hug
Sorry, I walked away for a long time to go get some jerky, but I'm back now
Yeah, whoever that smaller person is is gonna kill that bigger. Yeah, he's choking that but then there's another man
Like so that image is vignetted and then there's another man in front of that image
it's the same man from earlier, but he's a man now and
And he's wearing a shirt like a button-down shirt with a tie and where you would expect there to be like a name tag
And at a retail
Store, there's just a tag that says CEO in huge letters and then underneath the CEO
It says chief executive officer, which is great because it's like hi. I'm in charge here. Hey, wait, what does CEO mean?
Well, let me explain these. Okay, real quick
Travis is back here. Um, okay two things. Maybe the person's name is CEO. You don't know
Because it says chief executive. That might be a coincidence Justin. Oh to clarify it's clear
I'm a CEO well because before he was the chief executive offer he had to have a different thing there
But also you can tell by the eyebrows and forehead wrinkles of the memory person
He's very surprised by what is happening. This person has snuck up on him to do whatever dastardly deed
They're planning on this man's neck. This is not like a like, hey, I would like to hug you brother
This was like whoa. Oh my god, like yeah, this is a problem
He also looks younger as the CEO and he does
Yeah, he's Benjamin buttoning. I do want to the rest of this isn't as
As as great or useful I think for any of us but the last tip in this article says be a role model
To me I am going I am probably hugging you so much because I want to be like you
Even if I'm being mean to you the fact that I'm paying attention to you
It all proves that I want to be around you do the right thing and show him
how to handle difficult situations with grace and then one day I will thank you and then there is a there's a
Preacher pretty choice JPEG with this one too. I think we can maybe post this one on so she too because it makes for a
good pairing
with the other one
Yeah, there it is
That guy was hiding behind
The vignette in the first one like the memory faded and he was like, yeah, that's right guys
This one is the exact same man with the CEO name tag
But instead of the memory behind him now, it's a very similar looking man in an ill-fitting shirt
Yeah, what appears to be a piece of torn-off tinfoil that he has written CEO in sure
He's about the talented mr. Ripley his ass
Yeah, I just fuck around with you guys cuz I want to be a CEO too one day like you guys are uh-huh
I'm not exactly sure what the org chart looks like for our shit now Justin and I are co-ceos. That is true
That's it. And I just want to be that and Griffins are jester
Okay
Dance for me Griffin. Okay, that feels actually like a pretty important role
Business that we have created for us. You know, I know you're funny. Yeah, right Travis. I'm the funny one
And you guys are the business boys. That's fine. I'll wear that badge
The seat the gesture badge the gesture we wear the CEO badges. Yeah
Let's uh, let's take a break and I just want to know if you guys feel like you learned anything
Yeah, girlfriend. I'm gonna completely treat you differently now. I'm not
Oh, that's my I like my treat you worse. Yeah. Whoa. Why?
Well, cuz I kind of miss Steven Johnson
I'm being honest now that we know now that we know what Travis could be if it weren't for my incessant hugging worse
Yeah by comparison
My kids wake up in the morning my kids
the only thing these kids want
Croissant toast and the only place that I know where to get it is from imperfect foods. So it doesn't matter
about all the food waste they're gonna save saving time on grocery shopping the fact they're gonna send you
beautiful produce that is not quite perfect for store shelves
But it's gonna be just ideal for your dinner table
It's fresh and delicious and they deliver it to your home with sustainable groceries that embrace the natural imperfections in food
None of that matters
Because they have croissant toast and you have to buy it from them or your kids won't love you anymore
Yeah, so that's where I'm at. See go to imperfect foods calm. Yeah, see if they deliver in your area
You're gonna get a big box of beautiful produce. You can choose the stuff you get you can let them pick stuff for you
You can tell them what you like and don't like it's all it's all great
You can personalize your weekly grocery order with fresh seasonal produce pantry staples like croissant toast that make your kids love you
They got some really yummy snacks. Oh my gosh some snacks in there and delish
And they deliver weekly by neighborhood, which is a unique model that produces
25 to 75 percent fewer emissions than individual trips the grocery store
Right now imperfect foods is offering our listeners 20% off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods calm and use promo
code my brother again
20% off your first four orders. That's up to an $80 value at
at imperfect foods calm offer code when you use promo code
my brother
I'm not sure if you have to use this business or your kids won't love you is the most ringing investment at this point
I have to and it doesn't matter if it's the best commercial. It's the truth and I am nothing
Okay, if not like Charlie Sheen before me, I am speaking truth to the wow
I don't wait wait what power you want to be?
What these advertisers who think they control us they paid us just they paid us to say yeah
They think that they and we're supposed to dance like permits. No, thank you. No, we have the dance like pumice
Said puppet you most certainly did not my best I'll compromise and say you said puppets
Do the other ad the other one Squarespace they give you they give they put the power in your hands
to for once of
The internet and so you can make a website
That looks beautiful
it can grow your brand or your business and it's gonna be beautiful and
You can sell products and services or blog or just like whatever the fuck
Hey, guys guys, hold on. Hold on. Yeah, please
It was going really good Squarespace wouldn't want me to say this
What if you use Squarespace to make a website that helped people design websites? Oh, Jesus Christ. Can you imagine?
Here's my Squarespace website and I'm gonna charge you more than Squarespace charges, you know
Or I ain't to build a website on my website. Never gonna see that come. Yeah, I'm
I'm doing it from in the inside. That's good. That's really a good tip. We're not
We're not gonna get paid for this not because they'll be mad at us, but because they're not gonna have any money
New better
Anyway, and they'll try to shut you down. They're like he's rerouted it through too many conduit. Yeah, we can't find him
so
Yeah, he used too many different ports and aliases. This is great. We should talk about Squarespace. I call their services
Okay, so you can use they got customizable galleries display images and videos in unique ways. I'll have a guy here the storefront
You can pop up on SEO and just like crush it
They've got
hybridized
Storage streaming solutions. Mm-hmm. That's not really on there. So you're gonna try
Damn it. I already wrote it down. Yeah, see that's and I don't have my erasers a nub. I can't they got JPEG twos
They've got turbo GIFs
So I want you to go to Squarespace comm slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code
My brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain, but don't try to make
Squarespace like products or they'll you will it just says we'll get your ass
We'll get your ass
That's why
I've never seen a threat in the ad copy before God knows I have
I guess all ad copy is a threat of if you don't say these things you will not be paid for the advertisement
That's just a sort of like that threats always looming
Hey, were you a reader as a kid maybe you read a lot of fantasy novels or horse girl books
We know how it is, but now you're an adult and you miss reading. You're so busy
You can't figure out how to get back into books. We're reading glasses and we're here to help
Yeah, we'll give you advice to figure out what books you love or learn to stop reading books. You don't even like
We're really big proponents of dumping that book dump that book
But most importantly we'll help you fall back in love with reading reading glasses every Thursday on maximum fun
Congratulations, you've won a ticket to attend an exclusive opportunity in a relaxing environment with two lovers
Wow, well, this sounds like a sort of proposition of sorts, but really it's an ad for our podcast
It's wonderful. It's a show we do here on maximum fun where we talk about things that we like and things that we're into
I'm Rachel McElroy and you just heard Griffin McElroy and we are excited for you to join us as we talk about
movies and music and books things like sneezing or
the idea of rain
Can you get news or information you can use
Absolutely, you cannot because we're here to talk to you about pumpernickel bread. You can find new episodes on Wednesdays. So catch catch the wave
How about another question, okay my father Clint McElroy what won't let us get sorry my father
Won't let us get chickens despite myself my mother and the rest of our family desperately wanting to raise some we have the funds
The space a big yard in the suburbs and the chicken loving attitude. There is no reason
He should be saying no and yet here we are brothers
What can I do to convince my father to let us own some hens?
That's from clueless as to why we're cluck less in Metro, Detroit doing hens or chickens
Go on
It's that Mike I have asked my question
Question hens are chicken, but okay. That's what I asked a hen is a Griffin a hens a chicken
No, not all hens are chickens
Because you know, there are P hens to go with peacocks
And so there are different kinds of hens for sure
But I think we can infer from the question Griffin that they want some chicken hens. What about a rooster?
No, you don't want a rooster. No, they're gonna wake you up
Okay, so you're definitely not getting it you chickens for Christmas Griffin because you don't know anything
Rock a doodle. Come on, man. There's no egg. I understand. Can I can I take your dad's side?
Yeah, sorry, but you came to three days. Yep. I'm gonna take your dad's side
You are living like right now. You're living your best chicken free life
There will come a time when the chickens are pecking at your hand and they didn't lay eggs and they hate you and it stinks
like
so little but the smell they make is
Unimaginable and you're gonna be cleaning up dookie from these chickens and you're gonna be like God
I wish I'd listen to my dad
Cuz I hate I miss the days before I had to wake up at 6 a.m
To feed these stinky vermin and like don't just don't do that. Like don't do that
I have been I've been a kid and I've been a dad and let me tell you from both sides of the scenario
every
Every not dad person will say in the household. Don't worry
I'll be the one to take care of them
but I'm telling you right now if
This decision is enough that one person in the house
ie your dad is saying no and that's enough to veto it then I'm going to infer that that is because your dad is
The person in the house who responsibility falls to and no one else does it?
Wow himself and he knows that he's not gonna watch and let these chickens just die
Yeah, just go to seed, you know, right while his family ignores them
And so your dad is like, you know, the answer is no because I know you
I'm in love with the chickens. I love the chickens. He won't be able to
Take their eggs. Yeah, it's you or the chickens, you know, I can't care for that many beings all at once
it's you or the chicken I think and
And chickens isn't like a weird high. It's not like I'd like to learn to play guitar. Oh, I ended up not liking guitar
Let's put the guitar in the closet. You can't put chickens in the closet. No, you can't put chickens in the closet
They're living beings. I mean, they'd probably be okay for a little bit, right?
I mean depends on how big the closet is like a coop is
You know a closet is a coop without an exit and that's bedding and food and water. That's really that's beautiful
Yeah, I think whoever works on chickens most gets to eat the eggs
Can we at least agree on that? Yeah. Yeah, you earn it
okay, that's all I had to add to the question is like
Tell your dad like don't worry. I'll work on the chickens or else I won't eat eat up the eggs
I don't get to eat up the eggs if I don't work on the chickens. So you have nothing to be scared about is there a
a you know, like a bag of flour
Equivalent that you could be like I'm gonna get a test chicken to prove to you
that I can be responsible for this chicken and
That chicken will not be I don't know what that is because an egg is more on the nose
What's more low stakes than a chicken right? Uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh. You could get let's see what's what's a bird you could get that if all else fails would definitely take care of itself
That doesn't exist pigeon birds are famously kind of weak needy
Yeah, I feel like a pit like vultures, right? Oh
You get a vulture to show your dad how good you would be at taking care of a chicken. Yeah
Yeah, I don't think if there's anything wrong with having a vulture at your house
And I will say this right now if if my family
Started being insisted on chicken and I was like no and they're like, what about a hawk? I back. Hell. Yeah, like that's yeah
Yeah, that's a bird of prey. Try like you're not gonna love you're not gonna you are not gonna love that
Are you telling me that I Travis McRoy?
Would not enjoy having a hawk land on my outstretched arm and gaze
Upon the neighborhood with me as people walked around like doing their thing or whatever as I and the hawk both, okay
Yeah, that's a beautiful dream that you have
Uh-huh as opposed to the hawk like eating your balls through your pants because it's a bird of prey
And you have you have not I'm wearing a codpiece Griffin
Did you not hear me say that the hawk would land on my outstretched arm?
Do you think I'm doing that without a codpiece? Come on, that's hawk raisin 101
Read a book. Did you refer to your penis as a hawk raisin?
What does that even mean? No, it's my balls my balls are hawk raisin. Okay
Cuz they're all dried out from the vasectomy
All right
Let's be cool here and say like here's how you can convince your dad to take care of these
Chickens for you when you get it and don't take good care of it name it after your dad dad, Jr. Oh, that's good
Yeah, yeah, this is my this is my chicken Bryson. Isn't your dad? Yes
It's a beautiful tribute Bryson senior is also a good way to go like
Junior put like this is my dad's dad a chicken. That's cool
Yeah, name it after your dad's dad and then it'll be like well, I can't get rid of dad. You know, you know, I bet okay
This is a like I bet you can foster a chicken
Wow, that's cool. I bet you can have a foster chicken that you don't have to be long-term responsible for
but you could have the experience of owning a chicken until someone else adopts that chicken and
Then you go back to the chicken-free household how boy howdy though that the interview process
You will fall in love with this chicken the interview process
Required to make sure that this person is not like a secret man-wolf. Do you know what I mean? Like? Oh, yeah
Question one you're not a fox, right? Well, why would you even huh?
That's not a no
I'm offended you would even ask see how my tail is twitching in an offended way now. Wait a minute. Wait, hold on
Anyway, I'd like you to meet my wife
What did you just
Wait, are you a fox married to a wolf? Yes. We're very progressive
No, but in my example the
What wait, hold on in mine
Yeah, one of the people was a fox and then you said awoo, and I was like, okay, so that's a wolf
I mean, what were you think that the Fox could make that noise if it was no a fox goes
You know that I love that fucking song
There's don't get chickens just fucking do Valley and a dozen chickens in there virtual chickens
I don't know. I don't know that you want. Oh giga pain
Head on over to backyard chickens calm and head on over the forums and read some of the horror stories in there
You don't want this. You don't want this life. Can you read this something? Are you there right now?
Yeah, okay, cuz there's no way you would have pulled that website without actively being on it
I could see Charlie or I was asking for chickens and Justin has done this research previously
Yeah, I mean just to give you like the top form third right now is I killed my rooster today
It broke me Wow. So like why did they do that? Doesn't seem like you should have done that
Do you want to know why sort of for its incredible eggs?
Today it's a rooster. Oh, and why would you kill it to get the eggs? They're not all inside there
They were stuck not coming out
They needed they needed they only lay one egg a day, but I needed two and I knew that
Hey, no rooster. The eggs are not coming out of this rooster. I'm gonna have to go in there and get them
Yeah, so roosters are illegal with this person lives. So where do more chickens come from then?
I'm not gonna read this story. This is a personal story for so but they have like there's threads on here where people just update
This is so sweet. They have threads on here where people just update like here's what's going on with my flock and that
Fluffy butt acres has its own
Fluffy butt acres
Has a forum thread and you can enjoy it all. All you need to do is make a little time to read all
8,000
714 pages
pages I
Thought you were gonna say posts
page
There's eight
Thousand
Seven hundred and fourteen pages of discussion about fluffy butt acres
Is it a real is this a real thing or is this like a blazeball sort of situation?
No, I mean that would be act actually amazing
But no, it's not that it's just
8 people follow the drama. So like I killed my rooster was like the capper of
That's not on fluff. Okay, I was gonna say roosters are not illegal in fluffy butt acres
but like
Geez
Are you lost in the sauce a little bit right now, but oh my god guys. I got it. I got a pull
I
Want to be free free
I want to break free
Free
Hello, welcome to much squad. It's weird
Munch squad used as a flotation device. Yes. I have pulled the lever. Yeah, I've pulled the the the strap and I'm
Hurtling towards the surface and hopefully a lifeboat will pass by and scoop
Munch squad bins if you go a little too fast out of chickens
There's not really one the Munch squad for both of us jack
The lifeboat to pick me up will be piloted by Warren Buffett because our first story is about Dairy Queen
adq is
Coming with the biggest menu rollout in 20 years. They've got him. It's time for
stack burgers what
It's time for stack burgers like two patties
They're stack burgers because it's like these burgers are like a stack of things
What a stack of things is a stack of wait, so yeah
there's a usually like bread on the bottom of the stack and then they have like toppings and meat and
Cheese and bacon and stuff and then there's usually bread on the top of the stack. Oh
a vertical a vertical burger a
horizontal vertiburger
Yeah, like it's things are stacked on top of each other like a bun is at the top of the bottom
And then the toppings are between the bun hats
That's really interesting because it's so messy when they put all the burger stuff out in a row instead of a column
Yeah, and I also I never know in that scenario. Am I supposed to assemble something with this?
Do I eat it piecemeal like wait, where do I start? You don't want to be?
You don't want to be some sort of glue, right? It's just sort of flaunt right? Yeah
I'm way better than a large pile burger too. I don't care for those loose pile burgers
Our hot food menu served at DQ Grill and Chill restaurants is
key to our business goal to become a balanced leader in both food and
Treat items. So what they're saying here is that like, you know how
The only time anyone has ever seen a burger at Dairy Queen is when they're looking at the menu
They're like, oh weird. They have burgers here too. I'll have to never try that
Anyway, can I have a Butterfinger Blizzard now?
How dare you besmirch the chicken basket are just as good as the cool treats Justin and I know I know listen
You know, I fucks with the chicken basket
They got gravy in there? You can't get that anywhere else
We know that means innovating and expanding our everyday food offerings and the new signature stack burgers go beyond
Typical cheeseburgers that you find at Quick Service. Okay, here you go
What Troy Bader is saying here and admitting tacitly is like much like the Dairy Queen on Fifth Avenue
You could be waiting there for like 30 minutes
Even if you're just trying to get a Sierra Miss after Taekwondo class, you know, it takes forever
It's not quick service slow service
They got five varieties that are gonna keep fans coming back for more
They're created as an everyday offering to defeat burger boredom
Wow, these signature stack burger menu comes in five flavor varieties in the US
Yeah, they got one pound one third pound doubles and one half pound triples and they got a bun and B
Sure, and I mean I could tell you what the burgers are, but honestly, it's just like
Who they're taking a victory lap? Yeah for making up burgers and not side-to-side burgers is what it seems like instead
I want to step over here real quick to memory lane
to remind everybody of the one time when we went on tour and it was Riley's birthday and Riley was with us and we passed
My a Dairy Queen we went there to get
Lunch and we're like, we'll get a cake because it's Riley's birthday
So we got an ice cream cake and when you take them right out the freezer, they are boulders. They are solid stone
Yeah, and so we had to ask for a knife from the people we had the way metal one
Yeah real a real knife which was a fun ask to be like hey
give me like a real ass kitchen knife employee and then we had small slices of cake and had oh
Oh, let's say seven eighths of a cake left and at one point
We tried to give it back to the employees to say you can eat that again
It's not a refund seven eighths refund
We said this is for you and the crew to eat if you want it and they looked at us rightfully
So like we were monsters. Yeah, we don't want that back. What are you talking about?
You know, we have access to any of this stuff whenever we want right like
It's not a gift. It's a burden. It was why and then I think we walked around to
Like the two other tables of people that were there and said do you want any of this cake?
It was one of our lowest moments as a family and had to be her most special birthday ever
We know our fans are looking for cheeseburgers that offer big flavor and premium ingredients that keep them coming back for more
So what they're saying is daredevil fans are looking for burgers that they get
Fucking yeah, I can't stop thinking. Yeah, the signature stack burgers meet that craving
I have one other very quick story to tell you about Subway brand
No
Subway brand is expanding into consumer goods categories. What like yes
Okay, so they want new and exciting ways for fans to engage with the brand across multiple retail channels
so I mean
Bioworld merchandising is gonna make a wide range of apparel and accessories. That's wild
to me, but I
guess
Subway on it. You are more than welcome to do so. It's the next one that I have a problem with
Um, uh, Zuru is making collectible toys, huh? Now I can only think of one character from the Subway
That would be a collectible toy and I don't think you want that heat I don't
You know what? No, I don't believe so. I don't think you want the bad man
No, I will say this the bat the bad big pet man. No, no, no, but if you could
reignite the 90s
fervor for
Non-human characters with abs and do some like different like Subway sandwiches
Anthropomorphize with abs and like different or different sandwich related weapons. Forget about it. I'm going wild. Call me
They call me Subway. I'm a I'm oh my god, dude. I'm so into that. Are you kidding?
What kind of what kind of animal I mean, there's a sub there's a guy submarine that they try. Oh, yeah, my dear
And they have like some like salami, you know
My name's tomato I hang out with them. I'm okay. Whoa, that's cool
yeah, but long fill and I
Got a big day. I'm
popular with
I'm popular with the teens for some reason that I can't quite figure out
Glam light is a business that is it is promoting they're doing
food inspired makeup and accessories and
And the last one is this is the one I'm actually more excited about world tech toys is
Doing a role-playing Subway restaurant set out where kids can serve their favorite Subway sandwiches and serve them to friends
God, my kids are fucking
Then you got me so excited because I thought you're gonna say a Subway role-playing game like a Subway RPG
Pin and paper fuck that would be out of this world. I'd be out of this world. So so keep an eye out for Subway
Products hitting store shelves and keep an eye out for us the McElroy brothers
We could be anywhere
Yeah, our 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour. It could be anywhere
But where it is is in st. Louis Kansas City in Minneapolis on April 20th 21st and 22nd now listen
We got us and the 23rd is taxed by the way, but who gives a shit about
We got us a prom
Background photo printed so that we're gonna dress fancy or at least I am I don't speak for Justin
I have laces on my shoes. Okay, and so if you want to dress fancy and take you some
Fancy takes flight prom photos at our live shows. It's definitely going to be the best we could do
But it'll be there and it'll be fun and it'll be like a whole thing so go check out those dates bit.ly
Macroy tours should I rent one tuxedo and then ride that thing till the wheels fall off?
Yeah, just so that by the end of the year. I am wearing just this rotten these rotten vestments. Mm-hmm
Yeah, smell would be so you guys would make me sit at my own table on stage just because this the scent of this tuxedo
Would be so unpalatable
That would be amazing
Also important to note mask and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is required
We got a lot more stops over there. Go check it out bit.ly slash Macroy tours
Our dad has written a children's book called Goldie's guide to grandchilding that comes out May 10th pre-order that at link tree
Slash Goldie's guide. That's link tr.ee slash Goldie's guide
There's some events that we're gonna be at to the you see come out. Yeah
Over at the merch store. We got the
Schmaners poster that I think is super cute
I feel like schmaners or if you just like super cute things or if you just like Teresa and I but not specifically
Schmaners, you should check it out
also
10% of all merch sales this month will go to the transgender Law Center
Which employs a variety of community driven strategies to keep transgender and gender non-conforming people alive thriving and fighting for liberation
So go check that out Macroy merch calm. Thanks to Montaigne for these for a theme song. My life is better with you
um, it's a it's a party track for the ages and it's gonna get the it's gonna get the groove going at
Whatever sort of social event you're at and people are gonna just gonna start grinding
It's also a good way if like if you love your friend and you want to tell them but like you're uncomfortable using words like love
Just put that on in the car and then sit silently staring at them until the songs down every time she says yeah
So they get it. Yeah, you okay. Great. You get it. Okay, cool Griffin. What was your final impression this?
I mean you could tell me what you want. I feel like it's better when I do that because I can
Vader I'm Griffin McElroy. This is my brother my brother me kissing your dad's square on the lips
It's better, it's better with you
This is true, it's better, it's better with you
My life, it's better with you
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
