The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
The life show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your baby's brother, Griffin McElroy.
Hey, was that too subtle? Try it differently. No, I'm actually worried that was too blatant.
And me. No, the problem is you gotta leave that, uh, it's gotta be even more subtle, Justin,
because the mystery of who the me is, is something that's permeated all of our back episodes. So if
you emphasize it like that, it makes it sound like you're the me, when really, isn't everyone the me?
Yeah, I like to think that the listener's the me, if you, if, at the end of the day.
But that would cut one of us out of the show, Griffin. Mm-hmm. So one of us is the interloper.
I see. I'm the comma. What, what do you guys want to talk about? I want to talk
about Terrace House and nothing else. No, we've already talked about Terrace House.
No, but see, no, no, but no, but guys, I'm late to it. So now I need everybody to rewind that clock
back and let's talk about it with fresh new eyes, cause I just started watching it.
Acting, start the play over. This is the, this is the penalty you pay for not taking our recommendations
at face value from like the jump trap. So here's the thing, here's what I find interesting about
Terrace House. No, I don't think we're gonna, we actually can't talk about what's interesting
about the Japanese reality television show, Netflix original Terrace House. We unfortunately can't, oh.
One, I feel like, I feel like the commentators are like a completely separate show that's running
concurrently. Ah, shit, we just said yes. This is all like Whitty and Urbane. I do want to alert
everybody though, that Jan one, when we all pile into the plane with the Terrace House fam and head
on down to the Aloha site, this show will become only about Terrace House. 24 seven, catch up.
Pretty much like completely only about Terrace House. By the way, I just want to put this plea
out there again, cause I saw, I saw Griffin put the word out. If you can find some way to find
some subtitled seasons of Terrace House before they, the Netflix era, that would just be a
chest of delight from series one on really. There's a lot of in jokes in Terrace House,
boys and girls in the city that I feel like I'm missing out on. So if you could just do that for
me. And also I want to say that I am completely, I'm one, I will make myself available to be on a
future season of Terrace House. Oh good. Yeah, that's what they need. Here's the thing, because I also
am available to be on The Bachelorette and I know what you're thinking, but Travis, you're married.
Correct. I will not be there for any dating purposes whatsoever. I will only be an in the
house color commentator that's there like, I don't know about all this guys. That's all I want. You're
the interloper of The Bachelorette. Yeah. They should have on one and in every season there
should be one designated wing man. Right. He's just in the house like, Hey, that's all good.
Have you checked Reggie? Reggie's pretty cool. Am I right? Like I've thought about doing that. I,
I would love to be the merit just on The Bachelorette when like my title pops up,
it just says Travis McElroy married person. And like, it'll just be me hanging out with like
Jojo or whatever, being like, I don't know about that guy, Joj. And it'll just be like that over
and over again. I want to do that on Terrace House too, where I'm not interested in dating anyone.
I'm just there for the food and the buddy ship. That's all I want. But you're not Travis, my buddy.
You're my friend. There will be a, there will be a language barrier that I imagine will be
significant. But I think I will also add a certain flair to the show when I sit there and go, I think
that what we have here is a problem with communication. Cause I don't know what you're
saying and you don't know what I'm saying. You're going, you're going to become, you're not going to
be Travis the buddy. You're going to be Travis the screaming beard man. You're going to be like a,
like a unintelligible troll that just stalks the house and leaves dirty dishes everywhere.
Okay. That's what we'll do. I, when they, when everybody moves into the house,
I'll just already be there. There'll be no explanation. And like any kind of introduction
will be made impossible. And I will just like, I'll just be a mystery bearded person who just
lives in the house. That's actually a great idea. Travis, I would love to see somebody pull this
move. It would work on Terrace House or real world. If you're the first person to show up at the house
when from the second person on just start telling him it's your house to say, it's like a new thing
they're doing. We're like, oh, welcome to my abode. This is my, well, I'd rather, I'll just go ahead
and pick where I'm going to sleep. Cause I do own the home. It's my home. I've lived here for 10
years. So welcome to Travis's place. It's the new name of the show. They change it for Netflix.
Or just like what address were you looking for? Oh no, no. This is, this is six five two.
But you can live here. Do you want to stay? I just went to the store and bought some stuff.
I made omurice. Um, I, it's a shame we got off on this Terrace House bit because we just can't like,
we just can't get into it. Um, but also I wanted to talk about, I had an intro that I wanted to
talk about, but we've gone a little bit long, so I don't know if this is the right time,
but I wanted to talk at length about, um, piss because it's 12, 23 PM where I am right now.
And just walking backwards, I believe 17 minutes ago, another person pissed on me and it wasn't the
first time it's happened in the last 16 days. In fact, it's probably about the ninth time it's
happened. Kind of that sun and mask action, the three columns, basically like the comedy classic
son of mask. And that it's just, you think there's so babies are so little that their
pee muscles are going to be weak, but it just go, it just go and go and go and go. It just go.
He pissed and it crossed the length of his whole body and it didn't get on him at all because
the pressure of the piss was so powerful, but it did. But there was, but there's
piss on the blinds chair, pissed to make you a superstar is the piss, piss it up, piss it up,
piss it up, piss down. But Griffin, you're talking about that common shit. Your, your tiny baby son
peed on you. My tiny baby daughter peed on me. I was changing her diaper mid change. She farted
while she was peeing. The pressure of the fart made her pee onto me. She peed on me. Like my
baby daughter, like it was amazing. Babies are incredible. They're beautiful, beautiful. It's
amazing. I don't want to, I don't want to talk about it every time my son pisses on me, but it's
like, it's, it's notable to mention if, if before I had a child, another person just pissed on me,
I'd be like, Hey guys, I have a crazy idea for this intro. There's crazy story of this thing
that happened to me. That was completely, it was actually wet and wild. That is true. If
they, like, if this were real world and I came on to this podcast one day to talk about how,
like how in depth I was keeping track of someone else who lived in the house's bowel movements,
like it, you would sit, you would be like, okay, Travis, well, you're off the show.
What a funny intro for what a wild story.
You're really interested in how often and the consistency of this other human beings poop.
Well, I guess I am. Thank you for asking. Uh, listen, it's time to, that's enough
bloviating about ourselves and our spawn. It's time to help real people. Here it go.
Hi brothers. I have a friend who is intelligent and well-read,
but for reasons unknown, she mispronounces the word pseudonym saying swayed them.
Um, instead of pseudonym,
I didn't correct her that first time she was pronounced. And now if I correct her,
I'll just look like a jerk for saying, uh, letting her say wrong all these years.
How can I let her know she's saying it wrong without coming off as a jerk?
And that's from, that's not how you say it from Kentucky, which is in and of itself a swayed them.
Yeah, that is a swayed them that you've used here.
I do want to say, I think we have previously discussed like the idea of someone mispronouncing
words, or I know very recently we talked about like a boss calling any kind of image you used
on a computer a meme. Um, and so I don't think we have to go super in depth, but I will be honest,
anytime anyone sends a question like this, it's so funny to me that this person has been able
to survive in the world. And I, I recognize that pseudonym isn't like the most common
word in the English. Like you're not saying pseudonym 20 times a day.
That's what makes it so perfect. If it was a commonly used word,
they would have been corrected at this point, but pseudonym is perfectly
rare so that they'll drop it like once every couple months, maybe. And when they do,
they fucking botch it so hard. They screw up so bad. This is the worst mispronunciation I've ever
seen. There's only one way that you can handle this that I can come up with. Go two ways.
One is quick and easy. Uh, the next time they say pseudonym, say, oh, you know, a fun French
way of saying that nom de plume and then just switch them, switch them to nom de plume.
And that would be one way. Then they never have to say pseudonym again. They just say
nom de plume. The other way is you're going to have to trick someone into saying pseudonym within
earshot of them. And I don't know how exactly you do that. Cause you can't say it yourself.
Cause you're right. The jig will be up. But if you can trick someone into saying that word
within earshot of them, that's one cool way of doing it.
Ooh, Justin, may I take that one step further? May I get a hand on that ball?
Yeah, please take it away.
Okay. Write a little scene with like, have a plant, right? That what's going to happen is
they're going to use the word pseudonym and you're going to say, uh, I think it's pronounced
swayed them. And they're going to go, no, that's wrong. And you're going to go, huh? I never knew
that. And you're going to do all of that within earshot. So then you're in the clear as to why
you never corrected this person. Cause Hey, you didn't know either, but now the information's out
there. Nobody's feelings were hurt and they get to go, Oh, I've also been put out. They're not
alone in this moment. They're with you in this moment. Everybody. Yes.
You jumped down into that pit because you've been there before and you know how to get out
this way. I'm done with you. You get it.
I'm also dumb. I'm sway dumb. Ooh, I got one. Oh, what if, Ooh, this is good. Cause this
serves everybody. Everybody was with this one. Oh, good. What if throughout the show
when things are on a real tear and if we get into some of our classic random humor,
real, like real good stuff, like that good South Park stuff, that South Park family guy,
very random humor. What if we go ahead and just try to work the word pseudonym
and then you, you clip it out and you say, you have to listen to this great bit from this comedy
podcast I love. And we'll just happen to say pseudonym a couple of times. And then you,
that's a good conversation starter. Like, Whoa, did you see the weird way they say it? Not like
we do. Maybe we should check online to get a final verdict on this. Now it's important
that you erase this question from your special fucking Ridley Scott director's cut of this
episode of my brother, my brother. They're going to have to snip it out and put it on
YouTube or something. Yeah. Um, do you guys want to Yahoo? Sure. Yes. How about, how about this one?
It was sent in by, um, it was sent in by, Oh, you know what? I didn't save who it was by.
Hi. Sorry. Sorry, folks. Give me, please. Many apologies. Please wait. Please wait. It's loading.
Oh, it's by, uh, climbing that ladder. Zoe Kinski riding high. Both, both honorifics. Thank you,
Zoe. Yahoo answers user. Um, Randall. It's so rare that you see the full Randall and not just a
partial Randy. Love that movie by the way. It's just like, it lets me know this person works so
hard. You know, the sequel to the full money, Randall is actually spreading your buckle
used to be to pay extra for the full Randall. Surely you're not going to go the full Randall.
That's illegal in these parts. I blokes. We need more money to save the old fire house,
but we've already gone the full Monty. What else is there? I know. I know gentlemen.
Let's show them our insides. What the full Randall. We can't. It's against God and man.
It's actually literally illegal. Yeah. And the Pope's against it too. Any in the everybody ever
what everyone's United on this, aren't they? You shouldn't turn yourself inside out for your butt
all. So anyway, there's only one way we're going to stop Brexit mates. That's what the full Randall.
How does this help? Don't worry about it. The nice thing about them using Randall is,
you know, it's not a pseudonym. Like that has to be their actual name.
Him. Let's unite this kingdom again. Sports. Sorry, everybody. Sorry. Randall asks Randall
asks a bad fake. Randall asks, what does it actually sound like when doves cry?
I like to think that doves don't cry, but someone thinks that they do. Yeah,
Prince. Is that what you're fucking talking about? Could you not pull that?
This is not like an old, old saying that like can't be traced back to its origin.
It's pretty, I'm just, I put this question in here because I read it and I know it's,
I don't know if it's an especially rich vein, but now I read it and I couldn't stop thinking about
what if the late great Prince in his song, when doves cry had been like, this is what it sounds
like when doves cry. And then provided no, I mean, no, Travis is a, is a bird. So it's going to be
like, I think it would be something like that. I think it might, maybe it would interrupt the flow
of the song. Cause then it gets in that breakdown. It's like, and it would, it would interrupt that.
There would be like a rest, a bird cry, long rest. I guess just what do you guys think it
sounds like when does cry said his example, which is he thinks when birds cry, it sounds like actual
human weeping. Well, he has to think of it. I always took the point of the song to be that
every individual person has to find what for them is what it sounds like when does cry.
Hence the word. So you would say, so this is what it sounds like when does cry because for you,
if you can't just like go to like a free sound effects website and let's just type in doves
crying and find it, you'll be out in the world and you'll find your moment and you'll be like,
ah, okay. Right. That this is what it sounds like when does cry. Got it.
Um, I, I, sorry, Justin's you have something probably be scary, right? Like kind of a,
like a bird of prey kind of vibe, like a screeching hawk or something. Like,
I think it's a scary sound, right? Isn't that what he's saying?
Uh, uh, this Yahoo answers user choco boreal, uh, says I own a dove. That's crazy. That's wild.
Okay. Here's a list of people who can own a dove. Number one, magician end of list.
I own a dove and while she makes a distinct laughing noise every now and then in parentheses,
no, uh, she doesn't cry when most birds, I'm assuming this was answered before 2016
when most birds are in great distress in pain or being attacked,
they will start screaming probably the same for doves too.
Wait, hold on. Are we just going to let it slide that this person is like now? Yeah. She finds
shit funny. Yeah. She watches all the episodes of Seinfeld and does the loser. Yeah. Like we
watch big banks here together. I've heard her laugh. She gets it, you know, and on,
on, on both levels. Cause like the jokes funny, but also that someone made a TV show in which
they try to pretend like nerds are also normal people is also hilarious. So like she gets it,
you know, on all levels. Um, I think that would probably murder the flow of that song.
If, if it was like, this is what it sounds like when doves cry.
I can't dance anymore. I stopped dancing and everybody here has stopped dancing.
Well, he just have to work it in. Like Sam Cooke did it with chain gang, right?
Oh, like it would just, he would just have to work. That could be good. Uh, this person also
said, and person I put in quotation marks, they own birds. No, I'm just kidding. If you own a
bird, that's great. Um, the other day, my dove, oh, this is sad. Sorry, everybody. The other day,
my dove crushed the egg. She had been sitting on, uh, there was shell and yoke mashed, uh,
into her feathers and she was shivering a bit and obviously upset with it all stuck to her.
I took her inside and cleaned it up and she never made a sound. A dove's cry is silent.
That might be actually the most upsetting thing we've said on the show.
Or like maybe you've got one fucked up dove. Maybe that's one sick and twisted dove. She's like,
no big. What time's Dr. Phil on? I got a lot of shit to do.
You know what? That's true. If you heard a hue, like what, if you heard your friend Susan cry,
you wouldn't be like, okay, so that's what all humans sound like when they cry. That's just
what Susan saying. That's just your dove dog. Like you can't say that your dove is representative of
all dogs. Yeah. This is what it sounds like when Susan cries and then Susan, uh, at this point,
I'm just going to have you cry. What Prince? What? Yeah. At this point you're just going to cry.
It's all part of a, it's a series of songs. I'm working on a series of customized.
I can't believe I made it to the answers and you're the only holding me up. It's you,
Stacy and I'm out. I just, I had to go back and get Stacey SU there's no letters at Sven.
This is what it sounds like when Sven cries and then I'm done. I thought I saw it to do
pseudonym, but that started with a P. So I'm, I'm at Susan now. So just cry control.
What did you say? Jeremy control? Yes. Okay. I only went to the J's on my control.
Prince has got a vault of music. Well, at least after his passing and it's all customized tunes
to network got a party. Like it's David's third birthday and I got to do all the years for David.
So David, I'm going to be here for a while.
I'm also planning to do for all of the like other occasion in David's life,
like David's wedding. And then I have to make it. This is what it sounds like for David and
Stephanie's wedding, David and like Gloria's wedding. Cause I don't know who David's going
to marry. He's three, but we'll get watermelon Chappo. Okay. Next one.
What does he have to do? All the fruit and different names for hats.
This is exhausting. Wait, Prince, why don't you just like include a raspberry beret with every
record souls? Yeah. You know why I don't need, I don't need your input here. This is my opus.
All right. Apple helmet. I'm so tired. Did you hear how many syllables I had to add to Apple?
This job sucks. I hate this job. I don't know why I agreed to be Prince.
Well, like my father, the Prince before me, I shall take over his mantle to finish his songs.
Here's another question. I'm a dude and I have no idea how to carry coins.
I used to just use my credit card for everything, but I'm trying to use cash more.
Fine. It's like a weird thing to do. My wallet doesn't have a coin section. Nobody's does.
Nobody's does. You invented that. And because I'm Canadian, there'd be too many coins in there
anyway. Right now I carry some coins in my pocket, but I'm nervous about the sound of them. Okay.
I don't drive, so I can't just put them in my car cup holder like a fucking adult.
What do I do? And that's from old Jingle Pocket James.
Here comes Jingle Pocket James with some good news.
The first thing I want to address is I assume that the reason James feels the need to include
that James is a dude is because of like purses, right? Like the assumption that were he not a
dude. He could just carry a purse. Yeah, fucking get a purse.
Yeah, it's 2016. Get a purse. I think everybody should have purses. I'm constantly like,
oh, you know what I do now? It's a new invention. I think it just came out this year. Fanny pack.
It's a good way to go. It's like a purse that never slips off your shoulder. It's just always
right there about your waist, ready to hold all your bits and bobs.
It's kind of bullshit, isn't it? Like, I love a nice backpack or a nice satchel. Hello?
That's a purse with two straps. You wear it in a different place, dummy. Or a purse that's just
like a cool holster backpack. Would you carry a briefcase?
Would you carry a messenger bag? Newsflash. Those are purses. They're just weird looking purses.
What's up now? That's a good point, Travis. That's a good place to put these.
Canadian currency, what? They got loonies and toonies. So that's,
you got, I mean, that has some power. That has purchasing power.
Yeah. Because I'm with Jingle Pocket James.
I'm not a big coins fan, unless it's quarters. That's all I really fuck with because quarters are
are essentially little candy coupons. When I'm walking around and I see a, you know, a Gashapon
and I think like, oh, good, a place to put my candy coupons. And I put them in there and I get
my, my chiclets and my Skittles and what have you. It's also a cool thing to flip to a Newsy to like
buy a Pape, you know, you just buy a quarter, you take your Pape. If it's less than a quarter,
I throw it on the ground. Oh, well, that's not, don't do that. That's not a-
No, not if they have it, first off, if they have a jar, definitely going to dispose.
Like most people have a thing for people who don't want to carry change around with them.
Like you could throw it in there. Sometimes there's a tip jar. That's a, that can be a little
chintzy. I'd probably throw some paper money in there too. But if we're talking loonies and toonies,
that's a decent, that's a decent purchasing power right there. But like, throw it in,
like give a penny, take a penny. If you put a dime in there, people's eyes light up. Whoa.
Look at you.
You know, it's Christmas time. It's the holiday season. And so I was recently watching,
I would say a McElroy family holiday favorite Scrooge with Albert Finney, 1970, I believe.
And there's numerous times in the beginning in which he like reaches into his shirt and pulls
out this like tiny like coin purse he's had like on like a leather, you know, band around his neck.
And I'm like, hey, can we bring that, that idea?
That's fucking cool.
I'm just going to like secretly like open it up and pull out like a single, like, you know,
one dollar coin. I think it makes you look like you're a real miser because you hoard your coin
so very close to your heart. There's a story there, you know, you've been through some shit.
I wish to God we could get up on dollar coins because I would love that.
I would love to like fivers and tenors like go up. Give me those big coins.
Give me big coins, please.
Let's do it on the Japanese style. Am I right or am I right?
I don't actually know what that means in this context.
You go over there and you feel like you feel like some sort of brave adventurer
who just turned over a chest and got a chest full of golden coins that you can use
because this one's worth ten fucking dollars. Hello? Hello?
That was one of my favorite things, our honeymoon in Scotland. Like the end of the day you empty
out the pockets of your jeans and where normally you'd be like, oh, I've got a dollar fifty.
I'd pull out a handful of coins and be like, there's twenty five dollars here.
Like I have a lot of pounds here in my hand. Turns you into a walking treasure chest.
Like if a Japanese RPG character came up and killed you,
you just like sprout, sprout, Gil, like Gil would fall out all over.
That does probably make muggings like turn out to be either very tedious or very violent.
When it's like empty your pockets.
You're like, OK, clink, clink, clink, clink, clink, clink, clink.
Hold on, I'm not done yet.
Clink, clink, clink, clink, clink, clink.
Just a bunch of zinny falls out.
Like here's what I'm saying, 2017 is we're still working on the title for it,
but it is going to be the year where all three of us start just running for office.
And my thing is going to be big old coins, big old coins.
It's a job maker and a coin maker.
And the way that we're going to be able to do all that is I'm going to make everything
below quarters illegal and I'm going to invent like a 3D printer, like a metal molder.
You remember the metal molder toy?
It was like basically a forge for children and they would all burn their hands so badly
like Tremaine, like Johnny Tremaine.
We're going to invent something like that 3D printer.
You put all your nickels and stupid dimes and ugly stinky pennies into it,
and then you can make yourself beautiful metal sculptures.
And then once those shitty coins are gone, make way, make way.
Here comes that sack of Juiya up on the one.
Here comes the five dollar coin.
Here comes the ten dollar coin.
Time to go to a movie.
Here's a, here's two coins, a tenner and a fiver.
Two coins, two coins.
Dink, dink.
Here, movie please, movie me.
Popcorn, dink.
Here's a fiver.
That's it.
Instead of having all this wet stinky paper in my, in my, like it's a, it's a coffin for
paper that I keep near my butt and it gets wet 100% of the time.
We could bring back biting coins for legitimacy because like nobody's going to bite a dime.
Like who cares?
I'm not going to risk tooth damage for a dime.
I'll do it for fiver though, for sure.
Fiver.
Five dollar coin?
Are you kidding?
How psyched would you be if I see a five dollar bill on the ground?
I think that's somebody's.
I can't pick it up discreetly enough.
And, and cause you know, it's embarrassing.
I see a five dollar coin on the ground.
I will go on a fucking quest for it.
I will slay a Wyvern for you.
My five dollar coin.
Um, and it would be blue.
Fuck yeah.
Cobalt.
How sick.
Oh yeah.
I love that.
Color, fuck color coded money would be incredible.
Yeah.
I mean, it is everywhere else, but America where they're like,
what's up thousand dollar bill.
It's purple.
And it's like, fuck.
Yeah, it is.
That's great.
I want one of those so bad.
I'm willing.
This one's green and this one's brown and this one's metal color.
Shit.
America.
Come on.
I'm willing to go out on a, on a limb here and say that our money is the worst and the
people who are in control what our money looks like.
Like, like, let's, let's let me just flash back a few months.
Like nobody knew who Hamilton was.
And then all of a sudden Hamilton was the fucking hottest politician in town that's
dead and they want to take him off the money when people started to know who he was.
Like can, can we just chill out for a second?
I think maybe you all don't have the best interests of everyone at heart here.
I think you may be kind of winging it.
I'll make it like Pokemon cards and like, there's a bunch of different people on the
10 and the five and the 20 got collect them all.
Like why just one print?
Like a guess.
Like the stamps.
How stoked would you be if you're like, do you have any of the Kirk fighting Spock tens
that I hear that those are not available this month?
Do you have any of those?
Who's on that?
Who's on that $20 coin?
It's Polarizer.
Fuck yeah.
Is this, is this, is this from the Austin Powers series?
The TV series is fucking popping off.
Holy shit.
Eddie, the dog on a $20 coin.
Yeah.
I've collected the whole cast of full house and fuller house.
I got them all frames.
I'll never spend in these babies.
Oh wait.
This is one of the, this is one of the faulty Paul riser $20 coins because it says Paul razor.
Do you see there's an a there instead of that was his extreme sports personality.
It's me, Paul razor and I'm mad about shredding slopes.
Oh no, wait, I'm sorry.
It's, this is not a misprint.
If you look, he does have little needles coming out of his face.
And this was like, this was like one of like,
um, so he's, he's no, he's Paul razor.
Like the like hell razor.
They did like a whole parody series.
It was weird.
Oh, this one here is Kelsey slammer.
This is Kelsey grammar's extreme sports.
Pernario, uh, that, what were those words?
Hello.
Nothing.
Pernario is not a.
Pernario is not a word.
It's a, unless it's a, a Sweden, uh, for something.
Persona gram, I think is what it, pseudonym.
I don't know, but he's got his ear lobes all stretched out.
That's the only thing he did different.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Travis, do you have an extreme sports sitcom star?
David Hyde piercer.
Yes.
Very good.
Okay.
Oh, this is fun.
This is like a fun game.
Now this is a good game.
People are going to start.
Helen hunter.
It's right there.
Listen, we could come up with others.
So don't go fucking tweeting them at us.
Like you're like, we missed one that like we could do them all day.
Okay.
We're not going to do that to you.
Matthew Perry.
You don't have to change that one.
That dude's fucking extreme enough as is.
Yep.
Should we go to the money zone?
Yep.
I mean, I don't want to go to the money zone because our money's so fucking ugly.
Like that's why everybody uses credit cards is I can't even bear to look at the stuff.
Yeah.
And we don't know where it's coming from.
Like the banks are just like making it.
I guess.
Hey, why don't they just, hey, hey, hey, economy, how about just make some more?
Just make some more money and give it out.
Just give it out to everybody.
We get the money and we go to the banks and we're like, hey, can we, we can trust you
guys with this stuff, right?
And they're like, absolutely not.
It's like, all right, well, do you just take, take this ugly money anyway.
But it, our ugly money means nothing.
It's just pay, like I might as well be able to walk into a store with a piece of paper
that says like monies on it and hand it to them and they're like, yeah, here's good stuff.
Services for these garbage paper.
That means nothing except we all agree that it means something, I guess, I guess maybe
it does.
I got a $10 coin, Paul razor's fucking face on it.
And now I'm now I'm definitely going to say his name wrong for the rest of my life.
I am a ruined.
Well, let's go the money's up.
If you had a point, if you had a point with Paul riser's face on it.
Okay.
Would you want modern day, older, distinguished Paul riser?
Or do you want young sort of fresh mad about you?
One on each side.
For sure.
Yeah.
Call it in the air.
Old Paul riser, young Paul riser.
Young Paul, you're too slow.
Paul riser, Paul faller.
Travis.
Well, I'm just saying he's crested his life experience.
Not that his, not his career, but I'm just saying the arc of his life.
He's headed towards death.
You don't know that.
I guess that's true.
He's just saying Paul riser's closer to death than he is to birth.
That's all Travis is saying.
That's all I'm saying.
How is that not true?
What if Paul fucking listens to this?
I mean, I also want to say Paul riser might be 40.
I have no idea.
How old is Paul riser?
He's 59 years old.
I'm looking at Alexa.
How does Paul riser Alexa?
Give me the precise data, which Paul riser will die.
Paul riser refuses to have an age.
What Paul riser will die.
Whenever you wish, master.
Whoa.
Damn Alexa.
Calm down.
Go down.
Someone talk about wine.
I've hacked into his car.
What Alexa?
Don't know.
Please make this.
I can make this shit turn.
All to make this shit do a 90 degree turn going so fast.
Alexa, please don't.
He was in mad about you.
I loved him in whiplash.
I thought he was amazing.
Please don't whiplash.
Please don't kill Paul riser.
You want me to give Paul riser whiplash?
No, that is not what I said.
Alexa, Alexa, Alexa.
Sorry about wink.
Yes.
Wink is a really good place to get all your good, good wine.
Talking about wink, it's spelled W-I-N-C.
Not the way like you do with your eye
when you're like flirting with a sexy person
or you're telling like a great joke
to somebody secretly across the room.
Wink is built on sort of the idea
that finding good new wine is kind of difficult.
And that's why we've told you about Club W in the past.
You've heard us talk about Club W.
They send you wine personalized to your palate
and they deliver it right to your door.
Well, Club W is now wink, W-I-N-C.
They've got a new name and an improved look,
but it's still the same amazing wine company
introducing you to new wines that you are gonna love.
They work directly with winemakers and growers
from all over the world to create delicious wines
and deliver it right to your door.
They've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
meaning if you don't like a bottle that they send you,
they will replace it with a bottle that you're gonna love,
no questions asked.
And it's not just random bottles.
They offer a personalized wine membership
that recommends wine specifically for you
based on the results of your profile quiz.
The best part is wink is offering our listeners $20 off
right now if you go to Trywink, that's T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.
W-I-N-C.com slash my brother.
And they'll even cover the shipping.
You get fine wine personalized to your palate
delivered right to your door with free shipping.
Again, Trywink and get 20 bucks off
and complimentary shipping right now
when you go to Trywink.com slash my brother.
That's Tryw-I-N-C.com slash my brother.
I would like to tell you about Casper.
I would also like to say hopefully at this point
you've listened to our Casper sponsored sleep extravaganza
that we published in the middle of last week.
But if you haven't, Casper, well,
they're an amazing online retailer of premium,
obsessively engineered mattresses.
But here's the catch for a fraction of the price.
That's not really a catch.
I realize that now.
It's not a catch.
It's a good thing.
And catch is usually a bad thing.
And here's the catch.
No, it's like a baseball game.
Like you made the big catch.
Good job.
Oh, okay.
Ooh, thank you.
I will say that over the last couple of weeks
we have a Casper mattress both like in our bedroom
and also on the day bed in our nursery.
And Teresa and I have been switching off sleeping on that
to be in the room with the baby
so the other one gets an uninterrupted night of sleep.
And I'll tell you,
even when you're getting woken up every three hours
to feed a baby,
the Casper mattress is really delivering a good night's sleep.
I'm a big fan of it.
And I'm not just saying that
because they're sponsors of the show.
But it also is just great pricing.
Like I said before,
you can get a twin size mattress for $500
and a king size mattress for only $950,
which if you've ever been mattress shopping,
you know is a great deal.
And they have a risk-free trial and return policy.
You can try sleeping on a Casper for up to a hundred days
with free delivery to the US and Canada
and painless returns.
And all of those mattresses are made in America.
So go check it out.
And you can get $50 towards any mattress
by going to Casper.com at slash my brother
and use the coupon code my brother,
all one word at checkout,
terms and conditions apply.
I want to read this dope email real quick
that we got about the Casper sleep experience
a special episode that we released last,
what, Thursday, I think,
which if you haven't listened to is it was,
it was very, very fun and very quiet.
Joe DeWolfe sent this one in and Joe said,
hi brothers, I was a little confused
as to why you made a special episode
to help people fall asleep
because that's what I thought every episode was for.
All the best, Joe.
Boo-yah!
Zing!
Zing!
Ripped us up.
We got torn up.
That's brutal.
It's savagery.
I got a message for Lilo
and it's from the gung-go gang.
Watch out Lilo, they're coming for you.
They're coming to steal your treasure.
Happy birthday to our favorite aunt.
According to your aunt lifespan,
you should be dead,
but against all odds, you are 17.
We all pitched in some dollars to make this happen.
Joke's on you.
We bet you thought we didn't get you a gift.
Well, this is just a prank.
A little joke for our aunt friend.
Happy birthday to our favorite aunt
from us and the McElroys.
And it actually says this is good.
It asks the preferred timeframe
and it says next available
since I already missed the actual birthday
and the longer we wait, the funnier it is.
Accurate.
I just Googled gung-go,
which is a, the Shono word for clitoris.
Oh, okay, cool.
Probably not, probably not that.
Probably not that.
No, but it is good that now you've ruined
this group of friends nickname for themselves, Griffin.
Good job.
That's a service I offer here at the Jumbotron.
Thanks for the money.
You mean clitoris, is what you said.
And that's from the clitoris gang.
I do want to say to you,
because I just want to go on record as saying this.
Like we mentioned, I think last week,
all the Jumbotrons for my brother,
my brother and me and the Adventure Zone
for 2017 are sold out.
We get on average, I don't know,
three to five emails a week saying,
hey, how do I get a message on the show
for my significant other, for my friend,
for my sibling?
Unfortunately, that's not going to be possible for 2017.
And it's not something we like, people, I don't know.
Maybe we haven't clarified this in a long time.
People have like, they've paid money to buy these
as presents for people.
This is not just a nice thing
that we do for people who email us.
Sure, but I also want to point out
that like statistically speaking,
we'll probably launch like three or four new podcasts
next year.
So there'll be more real estate for you.
You'll be fine.
I want to tell you about a podcast
and it's called Moderately Funny.
You can find them on iTunes or Podcast Addict
if you're on Android or visit their webpage
at moderatelyfunnypodcast.com.
I did originally read that as Podcast Addict
if you're am Android.
Yeah.
Either one works.
This is their words and it's pretty great.
After listening to all the top podcasts
and realizing that we were funnier than any of them,
we decided to start our own.
Imagine how we felt when we heard your podcast
for the first time and realized
we were only the second funniest?
The answer is not good.
It is what it is though, but we know our place.
That's why everyone should definitely listen to us.
They should definitely listen to our show,
but only if they are caught up on the bim bam.
But seriously, we're funny.
I'm about to run out of characters.
So before I do, I just want to say...
End of message.
End of message.
End of advertisement.
And yeah, so go to moderatelyfunnypodcast.com.
This is a pretty funny description,
but again, only if you are caught up
on my brother, my brother, and me.
You know what's smart?
If you go to moderatelyfunnypodcast.com,
there's a sample of the show for people to listen to
if they like it or not.
Man, we should do something like that, huh?
We used to have a sampler.
We have a sampler on YouTube from like 2004.
And it's just like, President Bush, right?
Can you, if you're listening to this,
just make one, please?
No, come on.
Well, maybe you already have one.
Don't make one just for this.
But if you've already made a my brother,
my brother, and me sampler
just because maybe you were bored,
send it on over.
But don't put it on YouTube
because we gotta get them clicked.
That's ours.
That's our material.
We'll see you in court.
From the dawn of time,
one podcast has unlocked the secrets
of science and technology
to enrich the lives of billions.
And now, after a year where they've unlocked
the golden age of knowledge,
they're about to hit warp speed
and go stratospheric.
Wait, hold up.
On Ono, Ross, and Kerry,
we don't make extraordinary claims.
We investigate them.
We go undercover
with fringe religious groups,
investigate paranormal claims,
and we participate
in pseudoscientific medical treatments
and then report our findings to you.
And yes, we've even investigated
Scientology.
New episodes every month
at MaximumFun.org.
Ono, Ross, and Kerry.
They show up so you don't have to.
I have a Yahoo here
sent in by Nicholas Potter.
Thank you, Nicholas Potter.
It's by Yahoo Answers user
Jerell who asks,
what is it about professional wrestling
that makes you want to become one?
For me, I love communicating
with strangers around the world,
and that's a big part of wrestling
when talking on the microphone
before a match during a show.
Millions of people watching
will know your work
and will want to see you everywhere.
Of course, it requires
a lot of physical activity
in regards to an actual match,
but I think I can do it
just from learning the basics
with the proper training,
hitting the ropes,
the footwork when circling
around your opponent,
the flipping around and bumping,
which helps with the grapples
and submission moves, etc.
So I guess for the two of you boys,
the question I would like to ask
is what is it about professional wrestling
that makes you want to become one?
Well, can I start off by saying
that if the reason you want to become
a professional wrestler
is because you get to talk
into a microphone,
there's other opportunities to do that
that don't involve
all of that physical stuff
you then listed after that.
Have you guys ever had the thought
that if it weren't for the physical things,
you could be a pretty good pro wrestler?
Yes.
I'm saying like if you didn't have,
I understand there's a lot
and it's not fake
because people really get hurt
and it's very physically taxing
and thank you for everything
you all have done to your bodies.
But I'm saying if it didn't require any of that,
I feel like I could get like
if it was just like getting the crowd
sort of riled up
and shooting promos
about how many kick somebody's butt.
See the promos aren't that shit, yeah.
Yeah, I feel like I could do a good job.
I would like to pitch myself
as a professional wrestler
and I would like to frame it
like the Incredible Hulk
and here's what would happen.
I would be the one who would get up
and talk in the microphone, right?
And I would be the one
who did all the promos
and then I would like climb under the stage
or I get into some kind of box
and then who's that coming out of it?
It's like a bigger, stronger version of me
who's not as articulate
but he's in super good shape
and he's ready to do all the actual fighting.
My only thing I would insist on there
is that they can't have a beard
because I do want them
to have to like struggle
with a fake beard the entire match.
I want that to be like
checking their spirit gum
should be like a patented move.
What I love is the idea of
Jimmy John's offers
a special off the menu sandwich
that when you eat it, Travis,
you transform Turbo Teen style
into Brock Lesnar,
the biggest and hungriest man ever to live.
He is hairless like a dolphin
and he is just made of
he's made of like a millimeter thin layer of skin
and then just all blood inside of that.
And so that you eat the Jimmy John's sandwich
and then like a trap door
and the ring opens up
and you fall through
and then Brock pops up
and it's like, oh, here's the big man himself.
He's back again. Travis ate the forbidden sandwich
and now he's ready to rumble.
See that's good.
Is that honestly the greatest
strong person name ever?
Is that a pseudonym
or is that like actually his name?
Yeah, I think that's his Christian.
That's his name is Travis McElroy.
Brock Lesnar.
Yeah, his real name is Travis.
Here's what I like about this.
This gives you
like something to struggle against.
Like I go to eat the sandwich.
They knock the sandwich out of my hand.
Oh no, I'm having to get away from
the only name that's coming to mind
is Brutus the barber beefcake.
I think he's out of the game
but I'm trying to get away from him
before he cuts my hair
and like, oh, I gotta get to that sandwich.
I gotta get to that sandwich.
But Paul Bearer
who I actually think is passed from this world
he's grabbing the sandwich.
Now I'm jumping over the rose
but I have to get back in in time
if I remember from WWE SmackDown
the video game
that I have to get back in
before time counts down or I'm out.
And so I'm trying to get that sandwich back from
and then I get it
and I just as like they're about to get me
I roll under the stage to eat the sandwich.
Boom, Travis, Brock Lesnar, McElroy, he's out.
He's back out there like,
oh, we shouldn't have let him get that sandwich.
Now, now I'm on top, right?
But then they try to eat the sandwich
but Brock Lesnar just slams it in one bite
and he gets even more powerful
because the more he eats, the stronger he gets.
I was on a wrestling podcast
once and I was asked this question.
I've had a lot of time to develop my character
and mine would sort of be like the Pokemon Ditto
where I would just like perfectly mimic
everybody else's moves.
And so like I would get in there
and I would fight against,
I would fight against the Undertaker
only I would be,
I would like do the same,
literally the same exact entrance as him.
And I would get in there
and he's a nine foot tall man
but I would still choke slam him like,
now I'm the Undertaker now.
And I would always,
the thing about my character is
I would always win every fight.
And people wouldn't like me very much.
They'd be like,
this is not gonna be a match up very much.
Like here comes John Cena
and also Griffin Cena.
And I think your outfit should always be
a copy of theirs but a very bad one.
Yes.
Like construction paper.
It'll very much be like Kirby in Smash Brothers
where I will run into the ring.
I will very briefly swallow John Cena
and pass him and pass him.
Spin him out.
But then like when I spin him out,
I'm wearing a little hat
and it's backwards
so I've got some wrist cuffs
and I'm not,
I don't have a shirt
and my jeans are off of the knees.
Justin, can I pitch it?
I have an idea for a wrestling presenter for you
and I want you to tell me what you think of this.
The pacifist and your wrestler believes
that the only way to win is to not fight.
And also you have a pacifier.
Okay.
That's very,
and I try to get the pacifier in their mouth.
Yeah.
And if you do,
they have to immediately stop fighting
and you win.
I probably,
I do think it would be a good wrestling move
to lay on the ground
because if you've ever tried
to pick somebody up
who's just laying on the ground
and it ain't easy
and you can't pin somebody on their thumb,
that's not legal.
That's a good point, Justin.
I haven't thought about this.
This is a good character.
Oh, and also your skin is cold and clammy.
I think that a good strat would be
like a good character would be
if you just didn't,
like, you know how every time they do
any kind of wrestling move,
like both people have to work together
to pull it off to make it safe.
My character would be like,
I just wouldn't help out.
Like I'm gonna choke slam you off the top rope,
get in position.
I'd be like, fuck that, no.
No, try it.
I won't let you do that to me.
Try it, tough guy.
Yeah, try to do it to me for real.
How far would you get?
How far would you get in wrestling
if your whole thing was just like,
no, I think I'm just gonna try to beat him up.
I think.
I hear what you're saying, Vince,
and I'm loving all of it.
I can totally see the drama,
but here's my unique spin.
I think I'm just gonna go try to beat him up
with my fists and muscles.
It's like a new thing I'm working on.
Irish whip you,
and you're supposed to run into the ropes
and then come bounce back.
They would throw me towards the ropes,
and I would just kind of stop and be like,
because I do this,
and then you're gonna hit me with your arm.
And I'm not interested in that.
I want to beat you up.
That's my thing.
I was reading in the script here that I lose,
but let me offer,
I have a different,
what if I win?
What if I beat him up instead of him beating me up?
Call me the improviser.
That will be my whole deals.
They'll never see where I'm coming from.
I'm the real fighter.
But also, I do have to reiterate,
this character would be me
with my own current human body.
So like, it would be a real extra.
What if your special skill was,
you had an invisible barrier
that was an inch outside of your body.
So anytime anyone else tried to hit you,
they couldn't do it,
but you could hit them.
That would be the character I would want to play.
You're saying,
I try to enforce an imaginary force field.
If they touch me,
they have violated my unique fiction.
Who's that coming down the ramp?
It's Magic Jerry.
What's up guys?
Shazam, you're dead.
Zip, zip, zap, zip, zip, zap.
John Cena has died from some sort of magic.
Hey, I did a hadouken.
You're supposed to fall.
Look at my hands.
That's a hadouken.
Everybody saw it.
Magic Jerry just yelled yoga fire
and Ryback is on the ground.
We're all very worried about it.
Here's another question.
There's this guy I used to be friends with,
but we haven't spoken regularly in a couple of years.
I guess they just use silly voices and stuff.
I honestly didn't even know him that well
when we were in contact,
but for some inexplicable reason,
he always texts me right after he has sex with someone,
tells me about it in vivid detail,
and then does not contact me again
until the next time he bones down.
Why did he choose me for this?
How can I get it to stop?
Please, God, can someone help me?
And that's from Nasty in Nashville.
All right, you dirty bird.
Let me tell you something.
You can block someone on your phone.
So newsflash, you like it.
You like it.
I don't think we should put this ball
in this person's court.
You should block them,
because this is weird,
but the question stands.
Why were you chose?
What was it about me?
What is it about you that they were like,
oh, I know who would like this.
Steven.
You're saving his phone as Nasty Steven.
Steven, not just that Steven will like this,
but that Steven needs this.
Consistently, Steven needs to know.
I want Steven to not worry about whether or not
I'm able to bone on the reg,
or also maybe just like,
I think Steven really needs to know
the ins and outs of this whole situation.
Yeah, damn, that's a good point.
Or maybe it's a curse situation
where it's like you said to this person,
like, I bet you don't ever get any of that good.
I bet you've never had the full Randall before.
And they say, oh, is that true?
Interesting.
And then they did a curse on your phone.
Maybe now every time they do have sex,
that when you gave this person your phone number,
as they were in on it,
did they say anything like nice finally got one
or my first one?
And maybe you're the only contact they have in their phone.
So they're just trying to get it out there.
Oh, so, and like the friend that introduced you
to this friend was like, I'm free.
And Randall follows.
Maybe you get, maybe you're getting BCC
and you don't realize it.
And this person just shouts.
And they don't know it either.
And they're so embarrassed.
They just shout to the whole, no, they know.
They're like, I did it.
Gotta tell everybody on my phone.
You're saying that this isn't a targeted message.
This is no, it's going out.
It's going out to Steve.
It's going out.
It's a newsletter.
It's going out to mom home.
It's going out to mom work.
It's going out to dominoes.
It's going out to fifth street dominoes.
I got a Yahoo.
We can jump too.
Yeah, real quick though.
Real quick from Drew Davenport, level 9,000.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
I'm going to call this person.
Sheamus asks who would win in a fight?
One Godzilla sized pug, one million pug sized Godzilla's
or Kevin from home alone.
I think we can deal with this one pretty quickly.
It's such a good question, right?
It's that one horse sized duck or 10 duck sized horses
or something like that.
But this one takes it up a notch.
One Godzilla sized pug, one million pug sized Godzilla's.
Let's just say you deal with that.
You think that over for so long.
Like get small Godzilla's that could still fuck shit up.
But a big pug could just step on them.
But then also Kevin is there.
Okay, so if it's a one to one, okay.
So if it's a one to one, the Godzilla,
if it's a one to one pugs, the Godzilla sized pug
would I think be consumed like piranha style
by the large number of Godzilla's.
The tiny Godzilla's could overwhelm him almost instantly.
Especially he says pugs are not inherently
bloodthirsty vicious creatures.
Counterpoint, they don't need to be.
This is a dog the size of a fucking building.
Just by moving around, I will say they're energetical obese.
And so they will run around and scamper around.
And in doing so, they will destroy scores of Zillas
with each step.
But then Kevin's there.
I think whoever wins the first contest
will then immediately kill and eat Kevin
because he's a child.
He's a little child and he doesn't have superpowers.
No one gave him any pain.
He's just a child and he would get immediately consumed.
I would like to throw in a counterpoint.
I think if we assume that one Godzilla sized pug
is an equal match for how many was it?
10,000?
A million, right?
A million is tricking me up.
Okay, well, let's say that however many
makes an equal match for a Godzilla sized pug, right?
Now, Kevin is just one tiny flesh boy,
but he's gonna tip the balance of whatever side
he decides to join.
So I would say that his best course,
if we're talking about this Sun Tzu style,
it's his best course is to ally with either one of them.
I would go with the Godzilla sized pug myself
so you could ride it Falcor style,
but you side with him and then you let him be weakened
by the X amount of pug sized Godzilla's.
Then you turn on him at the end
because you are still fresh from the fight
and you are able to take him down.
But if we're talking about-
In what reality?
What exact, okay, you can't just say take him down.
Even if he's a bruised and battered,
he's still Godzilla sized and he's a tiny boy.
Like I don't care how many fucking Tonka trucks
he puts in front of this thug, he's a giant dog.
He's gonna kill and eat him.
Who wins in a fight, Justin?
Kevin from Home Alone with all of his traps
and his deviousness or Matthew Broderick?
Because Matthew Broderick has killed Godzilla
and all of Godzilla's children.
So what's it look like?
Well, Kevin's got all his traps.
I also wanna say, Griffin, just no spoilers.
He doesn't kill all of Godzilla's children.
There's still one in the locker room.
Shit, you're right.
Let's credit where credit is due.
Yeah, I think the only shot Kevin has in this conflict
is to go into the basement and wait.
And as he listens, the million Godzilla,
tiny Godzilla's will eat everybody else
and then they'll leave.
And then, cause they'll have to keep eating like a shark
and then he can maybe come out later after a few years.
To a blighted world.
To a blighted world and then say like,
I guess I'm still here.
And then just as he's having this moment of amazing triumph,
he'll drop his talk boy and it'll break
and he'll be like, no, not now.
Yeah, now I truly am home alone.
He'll say.
And he has to repopulate the earth
with Buzz's girlfriend, the wolf.
Yeah, it could be the sequel to Home Alone 2
lost in New York and it'd be Home Alone 3, New York is lost.
And for that joke to work, you have to do what I do,
which is pretend that Home Alone,
anything after Home Alone 2 doesn't exist.
Yes.
Should we wrap up?
Yeah, let's finish this delightful episode.
They should have made,
they need to make a new Home Alone 2 now,
but combine Home Alone and like the White House down movies,
but like Kevin trying to protect the White House
from like international terrorists
and he's trying to save the president.
Fuck, I would watch that.
Why isn't that real?
They could get Charlie Hunnam.
I would buy that actually if it was like Home Alone 6
and it's Charlie Hunnam as a grownup Kevin McCallister
trying to save the president with traps.
Don't mind if I do enjoy that film.
Thank you very much.
Right?
Is it too late?
Can we make that?
Hollywood.
Yo, Hollywood, make me that please.
Can Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci be the terrorist leaders,
I guess?
Yes, yes they can.
Yeah, they're in there.
They're in the mix.
I think Daniel Stern would be in,
I think he would, I think he'd sign on.
Pesci might be a bigger get.
Oh, no, no, no.
Pesci and Stern are the two that like Kevin
like has to turn to like to work with.
Yes, the team up.
Fuck yes.
Are you kidding me?
Are you, I'm fucking so in love with this movie.
They're like elderly and he has to go to them
and be like, one more job.
Just to break into the White House together as a team up.
Are you kidding?
We're not gonna help you kid.
We're gonna kill you.
Guys, it's ISIS.
Okay.
Listen, I may be a dirty crook,
but I'm a red blooded American through and through.
Let's do this.
The patriotic bandits right again.
The patriotic bandits this time.
And we got a third member and it's Kevin.
And then at the end, they do try to kill him,
but they can't because he's Kevin McAllister
and he had traps ready for them.
Yeah.
Oh, he was looking for that double cross.
Fuck yes.
Oh, make it.
We need this now more than ever.
Shit.
I want this movie.
I want this movie.
I want this movie.
What's Brenda Fricker gonna do?
Oh, she teams up with Snow Shovel Man.
They're working together.
Snow Shovel Man is there with Brenda Fricker
at the last minute.
They fused into one magic old person.
This seems kind of gross at first,
but then they turn out to be completely normal and nice.
Fuck yeah.
Shit.
And then Brenda Fricker turns into doves.
She just turns into pigeons.
Yeah, it turns into like a John Woo movie
with Brenda Fricker like throwing doves at them.
Long dead doves.
Shit.
Shit.
Okay.
Shit.
So anyway.
Good movie.
Good movie.
It's a good movie that exists now.
I mean, we've basically spoken it into existence.
Thank you to everyone who has kicked in gifts
to the MBMBAM Angels campaign for the year.
You all are doing an amazing job.
If you don't know, here's like the very, very brief version.
We are trying to help out people in our area
who aren't gonna have much of a holiday without you,
our beloved listeners.
There's a list of people at MBMBAMangels.com
that you can choose one and you send them things.
You can do Amazon, just send gifts to help
and you claim them off the list and you feel great
and you help people who really need it.
And you all rise to the challenge every year.
And this year was our biggest list ever.
It felt like by a country mile
and everybody's just like crushing it.
What I love is, and a lot of people know about this,
we've been doing it for a while,
but I don't know if everybody knows the backstory
and that this was a thing that like the newspaper used to do.
And then like-
And they still help.
They still help.
And they still help.
Yeah, definitely, but like our audience just ate it up.
Our audience was like, you know, this is ours.
Like a million pug-sized Godzillas.
Yeah, just consumed it
like a million Godzilla-sized Kevin Arnolds.
Hey, hold on, not Kevin Arnolds.
That's another one, isn't it?
I can buy, you can buy gifts on there
or you can just kick in some cash if you wanna do that
because they're trying to buy big ticket items
like people don't have beds and ovens
and it's really depressing until you decide that you can fix it.
And you can, you can fix this.
Go to my bim bam angels.com
and let's get those final 15% done.
I was gonna say right now,
we are also participating in World Builders,
which is a charity that was started by Patrick Rothfuss.
It benefits Heifer International, Mercy Corps,
and First Book, you know, helping people out.
And we're, I think we're, this week I think is the end of it.
I'm not sure, but right now we've already raised
over $1,500 through the Mbem Bambinos World Builders Group.
And for every $10 you donate,
you get entered into a lottery to win cool stuff
and you get to be a part of the Mbem Bambino team.
So if you wanna go to bit.ly forward slash M-B-M-B-A-M-W-B,
you can check that out.
We're also participating in some live streams
with Patrick this week.
Not sure what time this will go up,
but if it goes up in time,
we're doing one at 2 p.m. Eastern,
and we'll tweet about that.
And then I'm also doing one on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Eastern,
talking about like mental health
and how important it is to take care of yourself.
And we'll tweet that link as well.
And yeah, go check it out, support a good cause.
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for these sort of theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It is a wonderful, wonderful album
and a great holiday time present
for a loved one or for yourself.
It's really good.
I guarantee you're gonna love it.
Also wanna thank Maximum Fun for having us.
You can go to maximumfun.org
and just start clicking on shows and listening to them,
like the Beef and Dairy Network and Jordan Jesse Go!
and Throwing Shade and One Bad Mother.
There's a ton of good shows that you can find all in there.
If you wanna find other stuff that we do,
you can go to mcroyshows.com
and find all of the various podcasts and video series
and all of our Twitters and addresses
and all kinds of fun stuff all there.
We are gonna be doing a Candle Nights episode
here in a couple of weeks or so.
So please get in your Candle Nights themed questions.
Oh, Griffin, you mentioned gifts.
We haven't mentioned in a while maxfunstore.com
has merch from all kinds of different Max Fun shows,
including My Brother, My Brother and Me.
I think there's probably still time to get self-ordered
and get it in time for Christmas.
But if not, you can always hand them a piece of paper
that says, I owe you.
It says, I owe you one t-shirt.
But go check out maxfunstore.com
and there's lots of cool shit there.
You said Max Fun.
That reminded me, I was on another Maximum Fun podcast
called Still Buffering this week to talk about video games.
And it was a lot of fun.
And you can find that wherever fine podcasts are sold.
Still Buffering.
It's a good show about being a teen that anybody can enjoy.
That's it for the episode.
Final Yahoo.
Y'all want it?
Yes.
It's from riding high Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's Yahoo answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong.
This website fucking sucks.
I'm gonna say their name is Jason.
Jason, what is he?
Asks, I heard that if you get a Taco Bell tattoo,
they will give you fee food for life.
Is this true?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Comedy, friendship and creativity.
All of this and more wait for you at Max Fun Con.
Join us for Max Fun Con in Lake Arrowhead next June, or Max Fun Con East in the Poconos
next September.
Tickets for both events are on sale now, but they're going fast.
Visit maxfuncon.com to buy your tickets right now.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
