The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother mean advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy.
Are you ready for more football? I'm ready for twice the amount of
football I currently consume, which would still determined night of the week party.
It's some night and the balls are hot. Don't touch the balls cause you'll burn your hands.
We have a bunch of some announcers to be determined. They're going to get it kickstarted
or maybe like handoff started. We don't know. We haven't finished out the rules yet.
There may not even be a ball this time. It's football of the mind XFL.
You probably guess we're starting an XFL team.
And you've everybody's been asking us to do this even before Vince came out and made his
definitely real announcement about the thing that's definitely definitely going to happen,
which is the XFL. Very exciting new football proposition where a catch is a catch and you
can't ever protest for any reason ever. And it's very I mean to me both those is yeah. Vince,
I definitely get it. I don't get it as somebody who got in early with the XFL with our new the
next XFL, the XXFL. We have gotten like first out. The first thing we had to figure out was,
of course, the team. What are they? Yeah, I'm pushing for the Milton somethings.
Oh, I thought you literally meant like what species are we going to put on the field?
OK, you mean does XFL it's yeah. Trav brings up a good point. Could be anything out there.
Bunch of frogs. They're all pumas. Yeah, they're all the name of the team is the Jaguars.
And people are not going to they're going to there's going to be a lot of dissonance there.
And as long as this thing's just a big old stinking middle finger to the NFL,
we may as well just make it the Jacksonville Jaguars again. OK, fucking come at us because
it's a different thing. Bortles, because that's the thing about the XFL. It's it's literally no
rules, no rights. Well, there's one. Travis, I do have to stop you right there because there's one
very important rule. What's that? And that is you can never express your dissatisfaction with
anything for any reason ever. Or else Vince will come to his house, to your house even.
You'll come to Vince's house. That's how he does it. And he'll unhinge his jaw and he'll eat you.
Oh, OK. The rule is and then we have a list of some. Where did I put my list of
rules? Oh, here it is. Here it is. So the first rule of the XFL obviously is if you kneel during
the anthem, you have to eat an entire airplane tire. And that is stringent. I will agree.
Draconian. I might argue. Draconian. The penalty actually goes up. So the second time you kneel
during the anthem, you are going to have to consume an entire landing gear. And if you're
particularly frustrated and you feel compelled to kneel by the end of the season, I mean,
you could be eating an entire airplane. Well, this is why I've actually heard some owners and players
already planning that how they're going to work around this is they're going to kneel once, eat
the tire, but never get up. Yeah. Yeah. Just do all the football from sort of the from a sort of
prone kneeling position. Yeah. And listen, it's tough, but if you get like knee pads with wheels
on them, call them kneelies. And then, yeah, we can definitely market that to the eight people
who are going to watch this. Hey, Vince, you dumb asshole. Do you realize the fucking delicious
Footloose-esque situation you are setting? Now, no, this is a sports with no protesting. You hear
the first fucking guy that gets down on the knee is going. It is going to be so much more powerful.
You big, dumb asshole. What are you like fucking Babe Ruth calling his shot? But Babe Ruth just
held up the middle finger to everybody. I've got this idea for a new football league that will
generate the most powerful political statement ever created by sport. What the fuck? Are you
out of your fucking mind, Vince? You can't ever. Like, I'll never experience the thrilling level
of dancing in an area where dancing has been forbidden, because that would just be the best,
funnest dance that you could do, I think. And that is the situation that he has developed here,
where it's like, protests? Well, no, not here. That's the best protest you can do,
is when they tell you you can't. That's actually how protesting works. That's how it works, dog.
Jesus, Vince. Vince. It's just disgusting, man. It's just no way. The towns that had one before,
right? You're not going to fool them once, et cetera, et cetera. So it's going to be all second
stringer towns, right? Or third string towns. Because I guess the first string has NFL,
and the second string had the XFL the first time. So now you're down to third tier towns. And that's
not to besmirch the good name of Milton, but if this thing tanks, I didn't want Huntington all
tied up with it. We did have our own arena football team, the Huntington- The River City
Locomotives. The River City Locomotives. Thank you, Griffin. Great team. Lots of fumbles.
Just number the stars that it's about that may fumble. I was actually in an and for the River
City Locomotives when they were looking for a new mascot. And my thing was, I just strode around the
stage going choo-choo, choo-choo. And if I remember how the ad went, I got the job. So if you can get
that on YouTube somewhere, just please let me know. And if I remember correctly, I think our dad owned
1% of the River City. He was the emcee of the River City Locomotives, which meant we got free soda,
which if we do get the XFL team, the Milton big lads going, then I'm hoping that that is a benefit
that will continue, because then I will be full-throated support of this new, exciting,
not going to happen- Well, unfortunately, you have to do full-throated support. Like, that's the problem.
It's like, so we're probably not going to do that team. I don't think we should probably support that.
I mean, I could try out. I mean, they're going to need eight teams of 40 people each. That's what?
Like 800 people. And I think I stand a pretty good shot. Never could make the Comac Middle School
basketball team, but I actually think I stand a better chance of getting in on this new football
league. And then my friend Stone Cold Steve Austin's going to come in and be like,
you can't escape me, Vincent. Crush a high life. And then crush Vincent's skull right there in front
of God and everyone. And then we'll be the new kings of football. And you'll kneel, but to us,
me and my friend Austin, which is what I call him, even though it's his last name.
So anyway. So what do you guys think about the new Fall Out Boy album? I think it's really good.
Yeah. Okay. Let's do a question. Every year, a local theater has a 24-hour Groundhog Day marathon.
If you stay through the entire 24 hours, 12 screenings, you win movie passes for a year.
I'm planning on going this year and by God, I'm getting those movie passes. How do you suggest I
pass the time, other than bringing my 3DS with Pokemon Ultra Moon and headphones to listen to
my Bim Bam? I'm going with one friend, so we're also thinking about bringing cards slash board
games and any suggestions are welcome. That's from Bed Sores with Bill Murray. I got a pretty good
thing you could do. Yeah, I have a super good suggestion. You could watch one of the best
movies ever made. Yeah, you could just kind of tune into the giant screen in front of you and
watch the best movie ever, is what you might do. Because here's what you get. You get an amazing
one to see. I would love to see Groundhog Day in theaters. But also, maybe by that 24th hour,
that 12th viewing, you have realized whole new theories and nuances about this film.
Yeah. It's a wild film. If you read some of the stuff that was cut from Groundhog Day,
it is wild. It supposedly encapsulates, I think I read 10,000 years.
So there's not a canonical length of time. There's not, but as originally written,
it was like 10,000 years. There's also originally a curse that a scorned ex placed on Bill Murray's.
You can find out all about this on Chuck's podcast, Movie Crush I was on, where I talked
about this, my favorite movie of all time. I would not do this for anything because this
really is my favorite movie ever. And I do worry that watching it 12 times in one day
would make it not my favorite movie ever. And I do not want that to be stripped away.
Can I pitch to you? I had an idea the other day about if I were going to make a Groundhog Day-esque
movie. Something that I cannot think of because the whole live the same day over again is not
solely contained to Groundhog Day. Let me just say this real quick. Let me
preface this by saying we are on a really good streak right now of you not pitching movies
that is not going to get made on a podcast. It's been like 90 episodes or so.
Someone should make this movie. I don't know if I'm going to make it, but somebody should
make this movie because I don't think it's ever been done before. A Groundhog Day,
same day over again kind of thing, but everyone is aware of it. It's not just one person.
Everyone wakes up going, again? Because I think it would get really apocalyptic really fast.
Very like Caligulin-like. No, yeah, it would turn into a big old bone
pile. How about this idea for a movie? It's a Groundhog Day, but a man lives every second
over again, and so he's just like, fuck shit up, no, crap, fuck, no, shit up, it's happening again,
Andy McDowell, I fuck you, and I realize that this whole time I've been so selfish.
I don't know why he became a robot there close to the end, but that was a good two minutes of
the podcast that we don't have to worry about. That's gone now. And two minutes of your life
listening at home, so sorry about that. One thing that would be fun is, you know how Bill
Murray lives the same day over and over again in that movie and he starts to learn things so he
seems like he can predict the future because he doesn't before they happen? You could see if you
watch it enough, you might be able to start beating Bill to some of them so it makes him
look like the clown because you said the lady was going to drop the dishes before the lady
dropped the dishes, but also before Bill Murray said the lady was going to drop the dishes.
What if in Groundhog Day Chris Elliott is also reliving the same day over and again because he
can't say that to Bill Murray because he doesn't know that Bill Murray's living the same day over
again. Good point. What if everyone is independently in Groundhog Day living the same day over again?
Chris Elliott is living the same day over again, but he's just rolling with it.
Yeah, he's loving it.
This day was as fine as any of my other days. This is as good a day as any to just sort of
kick it in. I think that I'll go ahead and just live in this day for a while. That's fine. You
know, one thing you could do is if you watch it enough, I bet you could figure out which scenes
are Bill Murray's butt double and which scenes are just actually Bill Murray because it's hard
with the lighting in some of the scenes, some of the extended sex scenes, to figure out which one
is Bill Murray and which one is his butt double. Lorenzo music.
Oh, I thought you said that, but I had a different joke, so I was wondering if I could do mine.
Live the joke over again.
Okay, we do the joke over again. It's confusing. It's actually a lot of times Brian Doyle-Murray
because they said, like, we need a brother's butt. Like, you know how in my butt scenes in
the Bim Bam shows, sometimes we just swap out one. Well, Justin's butt. Travis has the enormous
tattoo.
Well, that's why we just rotate butts. Griffin does it for Justin. Justin does it for me,
and I do it for Griffin. It's hard to keep him in mind, you know?
And in the scenes where Brian Doyle-Murray's butt is, because he plays the mayor, if memory serves,
Bill would step in and be like, don't worry. Take a load off, Brian.
I like Griffin's joke because it doesn't require an in-depth knowledge of voice actors that have
played roles originated by Bill Murray. So I love that part of it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. See, that was so deep I didn't even get it.
So it's kind of funny because Lorenzo music played Peter Vinkman in the Ghostbusters cartoon,
and then Lorenzo music did the voice of Garfield, and then Bill Murray in the TV show,
but then after that, Bill Murray did the voice of Garfield in the movie.
And then finally Bill Murray was free, and he could leave that cave.
He'd been trapped in by Lorenzo music.
Trav, do you want to do one?
Yeah, do you want to try a joke about a butt?
Oh, okay. About Bill Murray's butt?
Yeah, about his hiney.
Yeah, it gets confusing because sometimes it's Bill Murray, but sometimes it's Garfield.
Yeah, so if you see a big furry orange butt.
Now that one kind of built off of what I did.
Well, but if I had done mine first, it would have seemed like yours built off of mine,
so who's to say?
That's a very good point, but I think yours would have seemed like the ravings of a madman.
Yeah, is there a way to combine all three of our jokes into something that it's even remotely,
like even a little bit funny?
Yeah, so maybe if we just say all the names at the same time,
and it's sort of a choose your own adventure.
Isn't it fun that in Brian Doyle Murray's name, Doyle just really stands out in there?
Because if he was just Brian Murray, it's like, oh, that could be anyone.
But Brian Doyle Murray, now we've got-
He probably did it intentionally to like make the differentiation clear, right?
I have to assume.
How about a yeah?
Yeah, give me another question.
This one was sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Chaz Van Bloom.
Nope, Chaz Van Blom, even better, asks,
how deep inside an apple is the most nutrition?
Enjoying a freshly cut Washington state apple.
And they put the R marked on it for a trademark.
Mm-hmm.
I don't think Washington state-
Washington state brand apples from Oregon.
How if different nutritional value is the, if, so wait, you've offered me a choice here.
So I'm gonna go with, if different is the nutritional value is the peel depth to the
center where the seeds sit, does the flesh of the apple go into varying ranges with changing
nutritional levels getting higher toward the seeds?
Remembering earth science slash AG classes, do vegetables, onions, beets, et cetera, have
this same nutritional range that varies as by how deep the veggie is cut.
You're eating an apple.
Mm-hmm.
Certainly you've cut it up because worms.
And you're eating the apple, where's this, where's that pocket of those dank nutrients at?
Because a lot of people look at the apple and say, I get that.
That's the skin, that's the flesh, it's really fucked up, that's what we call those two things.
And then there's the core with the seeds, which people eat only as YouTube-like challenges.
But is there other sort of zones in the apple that are best for you?
Like striation, like the strata of apple, that as you move down through, the crust, the core.
You bind into the apple and you hit the vitamin pocket, and it expels a gaseous cloud of vitamins
that you breathe in and you're stronger.
We'll get the obvious out of the way first, it ain't the seeds, because those contain
a chemical that's transformed into cyanide in your stomach.
Though admittedly, not enough to do you.
Not enough to do you any damage.
You would have to eat something like a million apples.
No, between 150 and a few thousand should do it, actually.
A lot, a lot of apples.
A lot, a lot.
How am I supposed to eat all these apples?
Aren't my crash bandicoot?
I thought those were mangoes.
Shh, they're a wump of fruit.
It's fine, though.
Not everybody knows as much about crash bandicoot as I do.
So don't eat the seeds, because cyanide, not good.
There's probably some good stuff in there, too.
It's not just, if you pour a bunch of cyanide in the ground, an apple tree doesn't climb
out of it.
But I need to clarify for everybody, the vitamins are in the seeds, okay?
Like, not those.
Here's where I'm coming from.
I look at an apple and I say, I obviously want the vitamins out of this, because that's
how I look at all food.
I look at a pizza, I say, there's probably not many vitamins in here, but I'll figure
out where these motherfuckers are.
I look at an apple and I say, this is going to be a lot of work if I do a vitamin excavation
looking for the vitamins in here.
I want to get in, I want to get that vitamin pocket, and I want to get out.
Where's that thing hiding?
Where is that little bubble hiding?
In the seeds.
Well, shoot, Trav.
That's about as deep in the apple as it gets, I think.
Well, yeah, but the apple has to protect itself.
Now, here's the thing, Justin, to your point.
It is not the seeds that contain the vitamin.
It is the pockets that contain the seeds, contains the vitamins.
Oh, so I jammed my tongue in there, in one of those seed holes, and now all of a sudden
I just got 10% stronger.
Oh, yeah, so strong.
It's possible.
Think about it.
I would think that it would want to keep the nutrients close to its center for its apple
babies, the seeds.
Yeah.
So you have to assume that the good stuff is towards the center, but not the center itself.
And the apple's fine.
Is there something in the stem that we should be eating?
I don't know about that.
I'm wanting to get to the stem next, because there's something going on there, isn't there?
Because nobody's eating that.
We'll talk about the stem, and then we'll talk about the apple butthole on the other side.
Maybe let's talk about eating the apple's ass.
This is all that people are talking about these days.
Is eating the apple's ass.
The apple ass challenge.
Well, specifically just eating ass, and I'm wondering if it's because they're really
talking about getting it at the apple bottom.
Yeah.
The one part we never think about, the apple butthole.
Yes.
I've learned that the less you like a food, the better it is for you.
And I really don't like eating the stem.
So I have to assume that motherfucker's just packed with vitamins and nutrients.
And protein.
I would like to go on record right now and say I would like to label from now on everyone,
everyone in the world, because everyone in the world listens to this show.
Right.
From now on, I would like to refer to the apple asshole as the applejack.
Let's just establish that that's what an applejack is.
Okay.
So you want to call the butthole the applejack.
Yeah.
And now is this going to be, I know the answer already, but are people going to start referring
to their own buttholes as an applejack?
Yeah.
I mean, that is how language evolves.
It starts with the apples, it goes to the humans.
That's how it's always been.
Yeah.
Now I feel like I need to step in here because it's contractually obligated.
And if I don't, I will hear about it.
One time I ate a banana funny.
I don't literally know anything else to say about it.
But if I didn't say that, then I would get tweets, how you not talk about the banana
you ate funny.
And I know-
One time Griffin ate a banana funny.
And I already mentioned mango too, so I'm cool.
Yeah, so Justin, you got any stuff for your brand that you need to sort of dump in here?
Or else-
Regarding sort of like brands and fruits.
Yeah, have you ever said anything funny about apples or fruit or eating ass or anything?
I mean, there was the one man show about how much I like grapes.
And if I remember correctly, it was called I Love Grapes because I wanted to get it out.
Well, if I remember the working title was Grape Expectations.
And I thought that that was a real chuckle.
I really love that one.
If I remember correctly, though, the full title was Grape Expectations bracket eating ass.
Yeah.
Well, the director of that, Boz, he thought that I-
Sorry, you're Lerman though.
Or Justin.
Skaggs, Skaggs.
He thought that people would be confused about if it was completely about grapes
or some about grapes and some about Charles Dickens.
So he thought that it was just like, I love grapes.
Because Charles Dickens loved eating ass.
Yeah, he also tried to get me to make Lito shuffle the intro, outro,
and sort of all throughout underneath very quiet.
And I said, Boz, I love the tune.
It may be too much of the Lito shuffle.
Now, is that a song that Boz Skaggs did?
Yeah, you gotta tell us.
Oh, man, it's a heat rock trap.
You should look it up after we're done here.
You've probably heard it before you didn't realize it was called that.
Anyway, I need some advice.
Two years ago, my husband and I bought a house.
Congratulations.
The neighbors are very nice, but they have a hearse parked in the driveway.
Initially, we didn't really mind the hearse.
However, it has not started in two years,
and it is attracting unwanted attention, gawkers, weirdos.
And some of the neighbors-
Unwanted from you, question asker.
Guaranteed not from her son.
They may be dying for it.
Several other neighbors are trying to sell their houses
and have complained about the hearse.
Before you ask, yes, there is a coffin in the back.
Oh, shit.
Our neighbor loves this thing.
He has it parked in the middle of his driveway.
He is unable to park either his family's nice, drivable new cars
in the driveway because of this horseless death carriage.
How do we ask him to move his beloved mortician mobile
up the driveway outside?
Frequent listeners.
That's their name.
That's from frequent listeners.
P.S. The plot thickens.
He has started playing an organ very late at night,
but only on Sundays.
What the fuck?
No, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
What's the thing?
Give me the thing,
because I would love a thing to cling to right now.
This person is leaning into this, like, persona, right?
And so any complaining you do,
or like, this is off-putting, people are staring.
That's what they want.
You need to play up how, like, how, like, kind of blah it is.
Like, ah, a hearse in the driveway.
Yeah, no, all over town now.
Like, it has to not be-
You also have to buy a hearse with a coffin in the back
and park it.
You've got to make having a hearse seem like,
you know, having like a funny shaped mailbox.
You know?
Everybody's got one.
Everyone's got one.
Oh, a hearse.
That's cute.
Yeah, I was just reading in Vogue
about how everyone's got a hearse.
You know what I mean?
Something like, oh, this is so normal now.
Does, real quick, does everybody have a funny shaped mailbox?
I thought it was just me.
I got one that looks like an Applejack.
And you got to kind of blast it right in there.
Yeah.
So other possibility, lazy vampire.
I'll get to it.
You got to get that fucking coffin in the house.
We bought it, along with the hearse, to transport it.
And I'm sleepy.
I haven't got a wink in a long time.
I need somewhere to post up.
Maybe that's for when he's fighting with his vampire husband.
You know what?
I'm going to sleep in the car.
Yeah.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
Oh, wait.
Hold on.
I got to wait.
Sun setting.
But in like five minutes.
In five minutes, I'm going to storm right out of here.
There's definitely not a body in there, right?
Definitely not.
No, I mean, legally speaking.
That would be a crime.
Yeah, it's a criminal crime, I guess.
Could you get one of those, you know how Domino's pizza delivery drivers have like the big sign
on top?
Could you get one of those and permanently affix it to the top of the hearse when he's
not looking?
Of Domino's?
Like get a Domino's pizza delivery sign and affix it to the top of the hearse permanently.
Because that, I think, is going to mute.
That is something anybody would like to have in their neighborhood, because that's hilarious.
So wait, you're telling me?
Yeah.
We're probably going to be selling our house here in the next few months or so.
You're telling me if I go over to my neighbor's house and permanently affix a Domino's pizza
sort of beacon on top of their car.
Yeah, yep.
It will drive up the property value of every other house on the street because everybody
wants to live next to the Domino's pizza car because then they think, boy, if I order Domino's,
it'll be here in like four seconds.
No, I think they'll think they want to.
They don't want to live next to a Domino's pizza delivery car.
They want to live next to the pizza hearse because, yes, that's amazing.
That's how you get on Atlas Obscura right there.
Thank you, Travis.
Yes, absolutely.
Oh, you got to go see the pizza hearse.
So we didn't talk about organ.
The organ bit is something.
On Sundays.
Well, there's a very vital piece of information missing, which is what kind of music is he
playing?
Is it like scary family opera music or is he just doing like covers?
Maybe he's doing a soundtrack for his family watching the football game that evening.
They watch the silent.
They got the silent reel and he has to play along.
They got a silent TV and he plays along to sort of in company and then every once in a while
he'll write what he thinks the announcers are saying on a card and hold it up in front
of the screen.
You did football bad.
Minus 10 feet.
I mean, you got to park them somewhere.
I think we can all agree on that.
Hearse has got to go somewhere that you don't just build a hearse every time you got to
do a funeral.
And it doesn't sound like he's it starts necessarily like it's not working.
It sounds like to me, right?
It's like malfunctioned.
You brought up that he's got it parked in the middle of the driveway so the other cars
can't get in the driveway.
But I would not, I think, want to confront this reminder.
This is grim reminder every time I had to hop in the ride to head to target in the life
whip, you know what I don't want to get in my living whip and look over into the death
whip every time I every time I had to go to the, you know, get my waxing done.
And that's fair because they also like it would be I actually think weirder if you parked
the cars there just because contextually that would be weird because then you're not setting
the hearse apart as like, look at this oddity I have parked in my driveway.
Then it just becomes like another car I have.
And that's far weirder to me if it was like, there's my Subaru, there's my Toyota, and
there's my death car.
What's the brand of the death car?
Is it like a really is it just like a long extended cab Hyundai Elantra?
Like, it's got to have a brand, right?
Is it like Ford?
Is it like Ford Ford Ford built Ford tough.
It's the Ford boat to cross the river stick.
The last ride you'll ever need Ford.
That's a very good question.
Who's making these dang things?
Who's making these things?
I don't want to know.
Don't tweet at me.
Yeah, please don't let me know.
Please don't.
Please don't tweet about hearses.
I will.
I do want to say this.
I'm assuming there was not a picture attached to this travel.
It was not.
No.
People if you're gonna if you're in a situation like this where it would be very easy to please
just go ahead and snap a pic and you know, let us know if it could be publicly serviced
or not.
The answer is almost always probably no.
But go ahead and include that pic.
That's sort of get a better like just send a pic because I feel differently.
I feel differently about this if it's like a rusted out Hulk versus like a shining beautiful
sleek black brand new looking take real good care of right.
That's the case.
Exhibit has gotten his hands on this hearse.
Maybe your neighbors planning to do like ghost tours at some point.
They just haven't really gotten their shit together enough to figure out where the ghosts
are because that's one of the important things.
You don't want to be telling a bunch of cockamamie tales about the locales of ghosts.
You want to make sure you know where they are so it's a legit tour because the critics
will come and they'll tear you apart if it's ghost free locations, you know?
Yeah and I mean it's probably definitely a grave robber.
Should we do a money zone?
Well I real quick can I tell a hearse related Travis anecdote very quickly?
Oh I love your Travis anecdote and especially about hearse.
In 10th grade we were assigned a writing assignment that was like what would you do after high
school if you suddenly had a bunch of money and we had to write like where the money would
come from and what it would be and I was super into the idea of monster hunting at the time.
So that's what I said I would do- I remember this fucking report you wrote.
I would get a hearse and I'd put a motorcycle in the back in case I need the motorcycle
and the hearse, I don't know- Definitely not legal.
Probably not legal.
No definitely not legal but I guess in my head I was picturing the motorcycle ejecting
out the back of the hearse whenever I needed it.
The hearse immediately veering off the road and exploding because nobody's driving.
But now I have my motorcycle and everything's fine and I wrote about like going to the Winchester
house and finding out no in fact it wasn't haunted but there were vampires there.
Anyways so I turned this in and the teacher was like well I can't fault the writing but
this was supposed to be like in real life what would you do?
And I think I wrote that I would have gotten the money from my family dying in a very mysterious
way.
So I was also hunting that and she was like- Glad we got uh glad we got to be involved
Trav there.
Yeah glad we got in there in the margins and in the text crawl at the beginning of the
film.
Well Nessie survived the Scottish Terrier and she traveled with me to help me hunt ghosts
and you know in retrospect uh I actually think that is what I would have done uh had I uh
you know not gone on to college and if my family had all died mysteriously and given
me thousands of dollars.
Oh sorry to disappoint you there Trav.
Sorry I'm still thinking.
Yeah sorry bud.
Well you know you all really let me down.
That teacher Eric Kripke took your shit, made supernatural, made like a billion dollars.
Yeah I don't want to talk about it.
Yeah I know.
They're always trying.
They're always trying to get you and Eric got you good on this one.
I keep giving away these movie ideas, TV show ideas.
Yeah.
Griffin um Griffin mentioned supernatural so I've got to delete my Twitter account real
quick.
In the interim let's go to the money zone.
Well I get home from a hard day at the office and what do I see as I pull into my driveway?
A large box.
Oh a hearse?
I don't remember.
Coffin.
I don't remember I don't remember ordering anything.
I tear it open.
Not the way you're supposed to open it just like start ripping into it because I'm so
curious.
You know what's in there?
Beautiful bouquet from uh Pro Flowers.
Oh okay.
Is this a real story or sort of a dream quest you're going on?
No this is a true story that happened to me and I thought boy somebody must love me very
much I felt so special.
I did read the card and it's like we're excited about the ad campaign it's like well that's
sweet but you all do have a lot of flowers so it's not like you're hurting for them but
I did appreciate the gesture.
There were some berries in there too but if you want to make a big uh impression on somebody
why not try Pro Flowers it's the perfect way.
Pro Flowers thought inside the box so you can too.
Your flowers are boxed fresh and delivered fast so that they will last surprisingly longer
seven days at least.
I gotta say the ones I got were about a week ago uh if not more and they're looking great
and you know the cool thing about Pro Flowers when they show up it's really it's really
easy and not annoying to get it like looking great you just there's a vase included you
tear off the plastic wrapping.
A vase skags.
A vase skags you tear off the plastic wrapping um you slide it in they got some uh flower
food in there throw some water in and you're you're cooking you got some great looking
flowers and right now our listeners can send a bouquet to their valentine or anybody for
any reason at all and save 20% off their purchase of $29 or more to get your 20% off of a purchase
of $29 or more go to proflowers.com today and use the code MYBROTHER in these special
codes box at checkout that's proflowers.com and the code MYBROTHER can i tell y'all about
bowl and branch listen yeah i don't need permission i'm just gonna do it um okay i
okay then you're not allowed to uh do it oh okay because we legally we have to we do
we took their money i do listen sincerely um i love bowl and branch you know for a long
time i would like go shopping for like towels or sheets you know bedding stuff and think
how do i know how do i know what's good and what's not and what's comfortable and here's
what i like how many how many us presidents sleep on these sheets right i don't know here's
what i love about ball and branch they don't worry about like thread count or anything
like that because what if you just use shitty threads cool i put a lot of shitty threads
in here awesome but ball and branch instead focuses on really high quality material so
you don't have to worry about thread count it's just super comfortable they're uh like
flannel sheets it's one of the best decisions i've ever made it is the most comfortable
like my favorite napping sheets you know um and listen luxury sheets can be super expensive
in stores like up to a thousand dollars for sheets but ball and branch sheets are far
more affordable get a whole set for just a couple hundred bucks i guarantee it's the
most comfortable like kind of nice to slip in bed feeling you'll ever have and their
towels are great uh i'm a big fan how i get these how i get these bad boys well you go
to bowl and branch.com today and you'll get fifty dollars off of your first set of sheets
plus free shipping in the u.s when you use promo code my brother all one word that's
fifty dollars off plus free u.s shipping right now at bowlandbranch.com it's b-o-l-l and
branch.com promo code my brother all one word bowl and branch.com promo code my brother
hey i want to tell you all about odd and ends are you tired of fantasy that takes itself
too seriously how do you feel about conflict solved with compassion instead of punching
what's your favorite kind of city if you answered yes love them and ones that float in the sky
have i got a series for you odd and ends is the ongoing story of a retired hero seeking
meaning in a simpler life set in a city populated by a hilarious and diverse cast of characters
check it out at odd and ends and that's o-d-d-n the letter n e-n-d-s oddandends.com where
new chapters posted every dang wednesday and as we all know the dang wednesday follows
the lunar cycle no it's every wednesday they just decided to put a cuss in here because
i guess they thought it was our brand and it makes me want to rethink some stuff if
i'm being honest but anyway check out oddandends.com and go read the weekly chapters they put up
there i got a message it's for hannah and it's from kai happy early belated birthday
dr ebony darkness dementia raven way esquire i love and appreciate you so much and forever
grateful to you for you introducing me to the entire mcelroy family of entertainment
i bet aaron and addy are pretty grateful too here's hoping 2018 is less of a dumpster fire
than the previous two years much love sir loss yeah i mean we got the xfl this year
so so far so good i would say yeah now technically that doesn't start till 2020 so i'm willing
to not put that on the debt of 2018 it's like we got two years of like christmas eve just
waiting for that first kickoff or whatever they decide to do they could do a jump ball
they're gonna do a t-shirt cannon with footballs and it won't happen so that's the other thing
it will not happen this is from krista and rob and it's for seb we love you you're an
amazing friend certified good boy and the best half orc prince we've had the honor of
rolling with to fix griffin's unfortunate missed opportunity to say that salty salty
word on taz it's sebastian seaman pronounced like that you know winky face also sebastian
seaman will be on my brother my brother and me too there it's can't ah oh no no now you
said it and what's my brother my brother me too i don't know it's the next podcast we're
gonna do it's been it's been announced by this other person uh it's the sequel to my
brother my brother and me and you're gonna love it we got like eight more brothers we've
been hiding we've been holding out on you for the brothers hi there i'm film critic
april wolf and host of the maximum fun podcast switchblade sisters do you love genre films
do you love female filmmakers do you love discussions on craft if your answer is yes
you'll love switchblade sisters every episode i invite one female filmmaker on and we talk
in depth about their fave genre film and how it influenced their own work so we're talking
horror action sci-fi fantasy bizarro and exploitation cinema mothers lock up your sons because the
switchblade sisters are coming for you available at maximum fun org or wherever you find your
podcasts i have a yahoo here and i wish we would have done it right after the last question
um but it was sent in by level 9 000 yadru drew a drew java port thank you drew it's
from yahoo answers use her anonymous which is good because they're about to do a crime
but we'll call him raj asks if someone behaves like a vampire uh-huh and i think they might
really be a vampire uh-huh then am i allowed to break into the house whoa to see if it
sleeps in a coffin legal protections around trespassers are for humans and not vampires
right i also want to hold a mirror in front of it to see if it has they keep using it
that seems yeah let's go with they yeah i also want to hold a mirror in front to see
if they have a reflection and might only feel doing a safe doing so whilst they are asleep
um okay let's so what are we trying to ascertain here is this if someone i i think my neighbors
are vampire because they have a fucking hearse in the front yard with a coffin in it am i
legally allowed to break into their house just to see if there's a coffin in there that
a second coffin that they sleep in when they're not fighting with their husband i can i can
answer this for you right now griffin okay okay yeah let's take the on out of undead
and just say your neighbor dies are you allowed to then break into their house no still a
crime well hold on hold on if you suspect they've died oh get in to save them yeah well
save them save them with like some real late but clutch cpr if we're in a world where vampires
exist why can i not do some sort of spell yeah okay um so first of all travis was this
a factor in your report that you did in high school which god please tell me you had to
read that in front of the class please tell me other people our teacher was a very kind
understanding very discreet yeah um this is a high risk high whatever the opposite of
a reward is risk i guess it's a high risk high risk sort of situation because you kick
in the door and either they're all there and they're like when they're eating like a you
know they're eating a salad and you're like oh that's not a vampire dracula never get
caught dead eating lettuce and that's a fun joke even that in of itself because he is
technically dead and then you would go to jail for probably a bit um and actually i
don't know if you just kick in the door is is it still breaking and entering if you just
sort of break but don't enter well here okay but there's another side of this right would
they press charges because if this person is really trying to live that vampire lifestyle
and you're like sorry i thought you were a vampire wouldn't they be a little flattered
when they'd be a little bit like thank you very much now please leave what if you just
there's easier ways to ascertain this i've griffin mentioned salad knock on the door
asked to borrow a cup of lettuce and and if they have that in their house by weight don't
i wait well you have to because are you packing the lettuce in the cup all right you know
what i mean like but you can't give someone a cup of lettuce by weight well i believe
a cup weighs a pound a cup of lettuce weighs a pound okay that's what that's what out in
brown would tell you is that what out in brown person who knows what the fuck lettuce is
would tell me about the weight of lettuce like when they say you know which weighs more
you know a ton of bricks or a ton of lettuce you know they both weigh a ton yeah that's
irrelevant to what i'm saying now if you're making the argument that we in america should
switch to uh using weight measurements for baking specifically i would completely agree
with you it's really criminal that our recipes by and large are delivered to us in the imperfect
system of uh uh sort of like volume measurements i think that that's a very bad way to bake
and whenever possible i prefer to bake by weight because it's much more precise but
a cup of lettuce does not weigh a pound packed it tight enough i think you could yeah you
could make it weigh a pound you think you could pack lettuce tight enough to make it
weigh a pound in a cup yeah okay well so it vampires uh-huh yeah there's a lot of different
things you can do here obviously ask them to come outside in the daylight you can throw
a garlic at them but that in and of itself i think might be a different crime what if
you just made them like a casserole like yes hey welcome to the neighborhood what are you
talking about i've lived here for 10 years yes sorry but i never brought you this garlicky
lasagna well you wouldn't say that would you you wouldn't say garlicky lasagna would you
say that trev well no you would probably just give them lasagna and then check in to see
if they ate and you put like a pound of garlic in there that assumes that anyone human or
a non-human living or undead would eat a casserole baked by a stranger yeah because no never
not thank you so much for this charming gift dump dump it out so the other thing you can
do is go over and say like i just finished this um this magazine this issue of mother
jones do you want to read it and if they say yes not vampire because vampires staunch conservative
and and so that i'm not saying that all of your like staunch conservative neighbors are
vampires but i'm saying probably about half of them are if you can break in and check
their internet history and you see a lot of judge report and info wars on there you might
be dealing with a vampire you might be a vampire finish the thought finish it now if you suspect
that your neighbor is a no i want the accent i want the accent i want three you might be
a vampire if okay delivered in the style of jeff if you're a fan of the xfl you might
be a vampire yeah you're definitely a vampire they're catering to all night games or else
ticket sales are going to be a real problem there two more if you're hers has a papa john's
light on top of it you might be a vampire thank you jeff wolfworthy one more please
give me trab i'm leaning on you on this one i'm i'm pulling out second if you go to church
every sunday even though it burns your skin off you might be does that work is that a
thing well that's something it's kind of a fun one yeah yeah that's a good one i like
that one because i could tell that joke at church and i'm always looking for new jokes
to tell at church i'm gonna work on that one it's hard to come up with funny stuff when
you can't you know cuss or so much anything and griffin's church jokes are great because
they're delivered during the sermon and sort of over it yeah so as yeah outside of it on
a megaphone when he feels like the sermon is in a lull like he's reading a bible verse
or something and like yeah we've all got the bible man thanks yeah it's the time the big
pastors up there and would say something you know like you know the disciple paul and his
letter to the and then just from the audience which is what you call the crowd at a church
you would just hear if you don't finish your garlic lasagna and then i get kicked out again
which you probably don't even realize they will do they'll do that to you if you become
a nuisance you didn't finish the joke so i don't actually know the punchline now you
only started the joke so what would be sort of the rest of it um you might be a redneck
well now that's the other that's jeff foxworthy not jeff wolfworthy no i know but i would
do this justin because it's like a werewolf thing or just because wolf is like fox the
wolf is like fox and also dracula's can change into wolves so that's kind of in the children
of the night listen to the children of the night what beautiful music they make if the
beautiful music your children of the night make is all country western you might be a
vampire now that's good let's go more specific if the beautiful music your children of the
night make is all hank williams senior tunes you might be a vampire hey now what is a man
a miserable pile of secrets but enough have at you might be if your coffin has a big number
three etched in the side you might be a vampire how dare you how dare you justin there's probably
more of these yeah yeah i mean we could probably do a lot but would anybody enjoy it or listen
to it has anyone enjoyed anything we've done so far and i don't just mean in this episode
i mean like in our lives since april 10th 2010 it's impossible to say how about another
question i would love that here it comes i'm currently attending cosmetology school and
i have been for several months now astronauts unfortunately what no unfortunately only
today i've been told our school's graduation ceremony tradition each student on their graduation
day gets to pick a song to come out to in front of everyone and they are seated at the
front of the class and complimented by your teachers and peers it's actually quite lovely
my problem is this i've been cheated out of three months to decide on a song three months
in and they're just now telling me i must choose a song to encapsulate my entire being
a song that will be the soundtrack of my arrival to the professional world a song of glory
of the literal blood sweat and tears i've given to graduate brothers how do i pick the
one perfect song that will escort me into the cold embrace of adulthood pump up the
rest of my class for graduation and will represent the essence of me this is the most important
decision of my life also due to an incident that no one will fucking tell me about no
one is allowed to choose party rock anthem thank you thank you for ruling that out bewildered
and beauty school and thank you also for not including any relevant details about yourself
whatsoever that we could use because that definitely does make it easier um well let's
work backwards let's memento this one what happened with party rock right does that one
have foul lyrics in it that maybe they it came on and all the cool professors were like
nice but then there's a part where lmfao is like you know talking about the their apple
jacks or something like that and people are like uh it's crude this this is a big school
i'm i'm currently reviewing um the the tune on genius lyrics which is it seems like they
should have another dough name yeah yeah this is one of my uh just weird facts that i know
about sports and it's not even really directly about sports but there is a cincinnati reds
player i don't even know if he still plays but he was the third baseman his name was
scott rollin um and you know baseball players get to pick their own walkout music when they
walk up to uh to take you know they're at bat and so scott rollin just let his daughter
pick and so like she always picked like justin bieber and like taylor swift and stuff and
that was just like his walkout music and i just think that like that's the best that's
just really fun to me and i just really enjoyed that fact and i wanted to share it with everybody
yeah it's not funny but it's you know nice yeah you can tell that joke at church you
know i could definitely get in front of the crowd during the sermon and do that one it's
kind of a bummer that i can never release an album because the best name for an album
sorry for party rocking is already taken it's already been done and it's nice that they
understand that they have made a mistake wouldn't it be i think it would be better though if
that album wasn't by lmfao it's just like listen i travis mcgraw on behalf of all music
apologize for party rocking all right what's the song what's the song this is interesting
because like you could pick a song that encapsulates you or you could pick pick like an aspirational
song like a song that i like don't stop me now you know is a song of like this is me
this is the me i want to be i mean that's a good answer that's a good answer but it's
not the best answer okay i think i mean you get up there and you do don't stop me now
but just do that one if we say nothing else that is better just do that one because that
is a very good one i think that's going to get the crowd very psyched what's the best
answer though what if you do the graduation song you know the pomp and circumstance okay
i thought you meant as we go either one is fine it's something to placate those fascist
teachers up on our teachers our national treasure a fascist up on stage and then what's that
record scratch and then what's the weather you hear from coming from the crowd party
rock is in the house tonight it's an acapella version you've worked with the entire school
to do the entire thing so what the fuck are they gonna do kick you out no you already
got that piece of paper actually wait till you get the piece of paper yeah because once
that happens that's a legally binding you graduated and now you can't take that from
you no uh you get that and then that's the record scratch noise and that's how they make
it and then coming from the crowd is party rock in the house tonight everybody's gonna
have a good time and you kind of do like stop like you're like wave like putting your hands
like please no i'm not allowed and they're and they're like we're sorry for party rocking
and and then you like join in and then the teachers are like why did we ban this fucking
tune yeah because we're into it and then you start dancing you're dancing and the small
town priest is like oh you know what this is actually flying yeah he takes off his vestments
and you know he's wearing like you know hot pants and a rave shirt and he's like ready
he's ready to go and then it could be a big food fight oh that would be so great and you're
all just doing each other's hair and getting ready to blast off into space and then red
foo and sky blue stand up and they're like hi this is over yeah we're back and they do
a sequel to the song right there still sorry for party rock yes and listen we can't apologize
enough for party rock okay and this one's gonna be even more contrite can i tell you
something i'm looking at the lyrics of party rock anthem there's very little apology happening
here yeah they're not even sorry for party rocking really yeah so it seems like they're
kind of celebrating it and if they really wanted me to believe their bullshit apology
they would have a little little something in here this is like there is an entire song
oh called sorry for party rocking which i think might be better more palatable in terms
of apologies okay i'm looking at the lyrics of this one they do actually say sorry for
party rocking actually a lot in this one so it's a difference on a lot of that i'm looking
at it they say it about 32 times so that's a good song as far as i can tell just look
because it gets the message across yeah that they did it bad so that could work uh bang
a rang by skrillex bang a ring but you can't come out to the drop yeah yeah and that takes
a little while uh it takes a while to get there you have to be done before the drop
so it's just like oh oh go go go go is there a song that has the drop at the beginning
of it and that might be the antithesis of it but i would love it if you know skrillex
was like i got a new song here comes wow and then it's like whoa thank you i didn't have
to wait at all you just sort of hit me up front with that and it's weird you didn't
really build up a lot of anticipation and then everything that came after that was actually
pretty disappointing um it's just down to is there a song that has the drop at the very
end of it that's just like for like four and a half minutes and it's like and that's the
end of the song and it's like oh man i don't know if that would be satisfying either griffin
i don't think edm is sort of your future what about a song that's all drops and so it opens
up and it's like wow hey i'm onto something because i felt that made me want to fucking
graduate that that's everybody's favorite part you know so you just have the drop oops
oops all drops the new lmfao album they're back they're back and it's more lmfao is back
but sadly we have to depart this is the end of the episode thank you so much for listening
um fun news our tv show uh if you can call something that was six episodes long a tv
show which i do our tv show is now available on itunes and google play in the america's
here in in the us not the america's just this one it was already in canada and i'm actually
not by mexico but anyway uh here in america uh you can get it on itunes google play the
day it went up because you all are so sweet um it went to number one on the itunes charts
for tv shows so thank you for doing that we should mention that that's fucking wild to
me by the way you are buck wild we should mention though that uh we we we're not great
with contracts so we don't actually make any money when you buy it so don't come to us
like oh like i helped align your pockets by buying this show i already watched because
like we don't actually make anything off it but we're super happy that people are buying
it we got a nice deal they gave us 30 they gave us 30 each they say go make a tv show
and one of those big oversized spirally lollipops which was nice we did each get a very big
lolly and 30 which we're looking back maybe not the best one and i can't use that 30 to
buy more lollies yeah we're uh we're actually gonna uh as soon as this is done it might
be up when you're listening to this um i will we put it in the feed do you think does that
make sense that probably be a good place for it because everybody can watch it now pretty
much like uh we're gonna put in the feed we'll have a commentary track for the second episode
of the show that you can watch alongside of it i think we're gonna record with our buddy
jd amato who uh directed and ran our our program so that'll be fun so you can listen to that
along with the episode if you would like to do so uh but you can get that on itunes it's
also if you would prefer available for free in the us on verve vrv.co you can find it
there for free um i also want to say so i mentioned on the last episode i'm doing this
uh secret society show cincinnati underground society show uh friday march 30th uh at 8
pm here in cincinnati um the ticket link is live now you can go to bit.ly slash cuss
march c-u-s-s march uh tickets are 15 um and i'm bringing in five guests um and any money
that's left over after that i'm gonna take 50 of it and donate it to a local charity
and the other 50 percent is going to go to keep doing the show so i'm not doing this
to raise money or to make money for myself at all i'm doing it uh to raise some money
for an organization and then to kind of keep the show going um but if you would like to
go ahead and get your tickets to that you can do so at bit.ly slash cuss march i'm sure
the nra is just gonna love getting that big check in the mail trap it's um what an odd
choice i got i'm not a vampire good point uh i also want to remind you all if you do
a comedy charity show to raise money for the nra and you have fangs you might just be a
vampire so you can add anything if you like the cereal cinnamon toast crunch and your
fangs turn into a bat you might be a vampire uh we're making a graphic novel of the adventure
zone if you don't already know you can find out more about it at the adventures in the
comic.com there's a dog if you never watch if you never watched the adventure zone or
listen to it it is an audio program primarily if you're gonna listen to it thank you uh
you can uh we just put out a new trailer for it that we commissioned this week and search
for the adventure zone trailer on youtube and it'll pop up there and if you want to
give it a shot you know go just just try it try it out i think you'll like it it's a good
show if you don't want to listen to all 69 nice episodes uh of the original arc we're
doing a new one right now uh called amnesty that's uh it's sort of a justin go you deleted
already right your twitter oh yeah i don't have much it's kind of supernatural-esque
it's set in west virginia and it's we're having a lot of fun with it um thanks to maximum
fun for having us on the network you can go to maximum fun.org check out all the great
shows there uh we also have all our shows and videos up at mcelroy shows.com and thanks
to john roger in the long winters for the use of our theme song is a departure off the
album putting the days to bed very very very good album so that's so we're done right yeah
you want that final give it to me so i'm gonna send in by merit palmer thank you merit it's
another anonymous yahoo user i'm gonna call him purpose asks is squidward a christian
oh shit my name is justin mcelroy i'm travis mcelroy i'm griffin mcelroy this has been
my brother my brother and me kiss your dad's square on the lips
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported hi i'm this and i'm
teresa and we host one bad mother a comedy podcast about parenting whether you are a
parent or just know kids exist in the world join us each week as we honestly share what
it's like to be a parent turns out it isn't what we thought it would be for example stickers
on car windows it's no longer about what type of monster would let that happen and more
like realizing you are that monster so join us each week as we judge less laugh more and
remind you that you are doing a great job download one bad mother on maximum fun.org
or apple podcasts and yes there will be swears.
