The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Cory, Penga, the whole gang has gathered here for this, the 18th anniversary of Boy Meets World
special edition of My Brother, My Brother, and Me. Name me one other character from Boy Meets World.
Mr. Feeney. Sean. Travis, name me 12. Eric. The dad. The mom. Mr. Turner. Four. Minkus. Five.
Oh, deep cut. Thank you. I can't remember Sean's brother. I think his name was Sean's brother.
Yes, it's Sean's brother. Brotherly love. Brotherly love. Joey. Clarissa.
Whole gang. Phoebe. Phoebe. Blossom. Monica was there. Family ties. Cory Feldman. What the fuck,
guys? 18 years. We're celebrating. We've got confetti. We've got large pictures of Ben Savage
pasted all over our walls. What an unfitting name for that gentleman, don't you think? Ben Savage?
Yeah. Yeah, he's about the least fat guy that I know. Yeah, his name should be like Stephen Huggs.
Did you ever see the episode, there was a special episode where his brother Fred Savage was on the
show, and for some reason they decided the best thing to do with his brother was to make him a
teacher that sexually harassed Topanga and have Cory throw him through a door. Yeah, I remember
that. I remember watching that going, that was your play? Like you couldn't have them be like cousins
or something cool and fun? Like he threw his brother through a door? Shit got Savage. Yeah.
Have you seen that new ABC sitcom, Shit Got Savage? You got Ben Savage. You got Rory Savage.
You got Adam Savage from Mythbusters. Yeah, and they just fucking wail on each
other for a half hour every week. It's a weird show. It's not very good.
No, it's not a good show. This is a good show though. It's My Brother, My Brother, Me,
and the Advice Show. It's not starting out good. I thought it was pretty good. It's My Brother,
My Brother, Me, and the Advice Show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm the Ben Savage of the family, Griffin McElroy.
He's the youngest, right? I think he's the littlest one, yeah.
Let's get right to the questions. I'm ready to just dig in this week.
I want a big mouthful of questions. Oh, the imagery. Hey, just put your questions in my
mouth real quick. Just put it right there. My molars are going to grind away on your queries.
My pre-wife and I are getting married. I like that. Yeah, me too. My pre-wife and I are getting
married in a smaller venue for our very special day. The only problem is that people seem to
think they could bring a guest to the wedding, even though only their name was on the invitation.
We do not have enough space or alcohol for this nonsense. How should we drop the news?
That's from no randos in North Carolina. I think what's important to note is that you can't be
surprised that people think they can bring a guest, because they think that that is the norm.
Well, I think that's become the norm, so I think you have to state.
Is it too late to put on the invitations plus zero? Plus negative one. Don't even blame yourself.
I think in this case, if you didn't clarify on the invitation, I think if this is the situation,
invite yourself in. You've got to reach out to those people. You've got to call them or email
them or probably email. And that's nice and impersonal to say, hey, no, I wasn't clear.
They made this bed. They have to sit on laps at the church when it's time to go. I'm assuming
you're getting married at a church. Otherwise, it doesn't count. And so they got a lap it.
That's all. That's the choice. That's the business. Is this a situation in which they should kind of
maybe expect it when they tell someone like, hey, you can't bring your S.O., then that person might
not come? I honestly, it is assumed if you invite someone and they're married or in a couple even,
like they're going to bring someone else. Like that's just the price of doing business.
Come celebrate our special bond alone. We want you to think about what you don't have at the moment
and what we do. We don't want anybody's love distracting from our love. Yeah, it's like you
can't wear white and you can't hold hands at a wedding because it's not your time. It's not
your desperately alone. You could just announce that your wedding is standing room only. We're
packed. We're sold out. Yeah, it's a crazy wedding. This is Bieber's wedding. Bieber and Kim Kardashian
got married. I never thought it would work between the two of them. And you know, there's something
there. It's magical. I'll tell you what there is between them. And that's about two and a half feet
of height room. He would have to climb her like shadow of the Colossus to please her.
Like a midget changing a light bulb in a lamp post. It would be a weird scene. All kinds of
shenanigans. All kinds of things going on in that relationship. Where's that reality TV show
of that non-existent relationship? How about a Hollywood? Yeah, you got to assume people are
going to bring in guests. Like I, there are a lot of things that if they said you can come,
but your wife can't like, I probably wouldn't come. Like that's kind of just shitty. I'm sorry
to be the one to break this to you, but this is why you plan on like, you don't count on
300 lonely hearts coming to your shindig. Um, well they probably, they probably did take into
account. I mean, you, you remember how meticulous it was planning, uh, who to invite for your, for
your wedding. They probably did plan on couples, established couples and marrieds and datings. Um,
but they didn't want like, you know, Roger to bring his friend from work, you know,
I don't think this is okay. To be fair in my, in my wedding, I wasted a lot of my invitations on
people like Mr. T and the Harlem Globetrotters. Yeah. You got to send those out because one of
them is going to say yes. Yeah. Maybe the Voltron's like, I don't have anything going on that weekend.
I'll be there. No big deal. The car from Knight Rider shows up. Um, I think you just got to take
your lumps. Yeah. Cause I think the problem is even if you like planned on married couple and
dating couple to expect like that single lonely guy to show up by himself knowing that there's
going to be married couples and dating couples there. It's like, but not you. Who's he going to
meet? Someone married. One of them bride ladies, brides, bridals. And that's the situation you're
setting up though is infidelity, which I think is kind of fucked up at a wedding, you know? Yeah.
It's supposed to be about vows and shit. Eternal love. Not, not sex. Not sexist. Not sex. Hey,
on the subject of sending gifts, should I send presents to my SO's family? If to be frank,
they did not send any to me. That's from Brett's lady. This is one of the toughest questions
in dating. The question, the answer is yes. Like why not? Why wouldn't you? They didn't send any to
her. Yeah. Oh, that's a good, good point. No, I mean, send them some soap or some shit. Like
send them some soap. Just let them know that they are in your mind. I think we talked about it
before, but giving gifts is like, especially, I don't know how long you've been dating your SO,
but especially early on is one of the like toughest challenges of like the beginning of
a relationship where you go, do I get them a gift that's very personalized or do I get them something
that's safe? And I know that like, you know, I don't know, like a popcorn tin, like something
that I know they're going to like. I would rather, I would rather them not have a gift than have the
gift of guilt, which is what you're giving them. If you get them a present and they didn't get you
one, but you always run that risk of like, maybe they didn't think you were going to get them
anything. And so now it's just this like unspoken, like, well, we didn't get anything for each other.
I don't know. It's so tough because you don't want to make them feel bad, but at the same time,
maybe you need to break the cycle. How are you going to make them feel bad if they get a present?
How do you feel? Because they didn't get you a present. Fuck that. They'll be so excited to get
a present that they'll just be like, ooh, present. Who does it like a shiny present? Just go to,
go to stop overthinking it. Just go to Pier 1 Imports and buy them one of those wicker basketballs.
Imagine gift to the Magi and the woman's like, I sold my hair to get you this wash chain. He's
like, oh cool. That'll go great with my watch. Oh man. That was very thoughtful of you.
But listen, I'm going to need a new lady. You're bald.
Hey, I'm just looking at my watch. It looks like it's time to get a new girlfriend.
Out of the way, Lex Luthor. That trade-off is not very fair, is it?
Hey Vicky, me and Hellraiser split up. Yeah. I got a new chain too.
I said, there's the door, Willy Willy. Thanks for the watch.
Oh man. What horse shit? Yeah. I sold my watch. What did you do? Oh, you're bald now.
That's rough. Yeah, but his watch isn't going to grow back. Yeah.
That's true. Yeah. Cause he had his watch gland removed.
You got to go to Pier One. Got to get him a wicker basketball.
Bitches love that shit. And by bitches, I mean this person's parents.
People do love, people love getting presents and you're, you're probably are overthinking it,
Breath Lady. Just, Brett needs you to buy his parents a thing. And then, you know what?
No matter what it does for them, it'll make him think a lot of you and, and that relationship.
Ooh. Ooh. What about this? Get them the present. And they're like,
oh, we didn't get you anything. Say you already got me the greatest present.
Don't fucking do that. Don't do that at all.
Just the right size. No. Cause if you say that,
if you say that, then they won't buy you gifts anymore. They'll be like, oh, check it.
We got you Brett again. You're welcome. You want to return him? I'll get you,
get you a wicker basketball. Those things are so great. I got one that smells like
semen and sorry. That put it in a bowl. It smells like seven and all the time.
What does it smell like?
Smells like fresh rolls. Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Yes. I have one. How did Griffin just say cinnamon?
This one was sent in by Justin Russo. Thank you, Justin Russo. You're a gentleman
and a scholar. It's asked by Yahoo answers user Buck Peters who asks.
Come on now. What a power name.
Buck Peters asks whatever he wants to.
Is it weird to watch porn with nine other dudes with surround sound and order pizza for the event
like with sports? Cause that's what's happening at our bachelor pad right now. We started off
with four guys. Now the neighbor and his buddies came over and it's nine guys watching porn,
drinking beer and eating pizza. If my buddy Seth and his two other buddies come over,
that'll bring the tally of this party to 12 dudes.
Oh my Jesus.
There's a question mark like mathematically. Yeah. Yeah. You got it.
Should we invite some girls to balance out a possible sausage fest?
A possible sausage fest?
You can't invite girls from now until the end of linear time.
Not one is going to darken the door of that party.
So here's the setup.
There's so many question marks in this question where question marks didn't need to be like,
yeah, you got 12 goddamn dicks. It's a sausage fest. Also,
you're eating pizza with probable sausage on it.
I'm going to go.
This is like sausage woodstock.
Yeah.
You called all the sausage together for nine miles.
And there's sausage on the TV too.
Wouldn't you imagine?
Yeah.
Some dude.
Do you know what my biggest problem with this setup is? The surround sound aspect.
Yeah.
What was that?
Yeah.
There's a dick right behind my head.
I feel like there's just a dick on my shoulder.
Is there someone gooshing behind my head?
Phillip, are you gooshing?
Yeah, go. Don't say that.
How's this become like a regular, like it's Thursday, poor night again.
Like what the hell is the matter with an event?
Don't you call it an event.
Only not with sports.
Looks like looks like that penis is winning against the vagina.
He could go all the way.
Surround sound.
Perfect choice.
Gross.
I don't get it.
Of course, it's like this is this is the thing where it like it makes us sound like
we're going to be like like we're homophobic and it's not it.
It's that you're not embracing your own thing.
Like you're not embracing your own identity.
Let's look at it through the eyes of the pizza guy who rolls up and delivers your pizza.
Yeah.
And he swings up the door and he's just like, I'm going to go.
I don't know what this is.
There are porn sounds coming from every corner of your room.
Is this like 9.1?
Jesus, how many speakers are there?
I heard your house gooshing from the Johnsons.
Wait a minute.
Wait one goddamn second.
Can you please never say the phrase gooshing from the Johnsons?
I can.
I mean, like, I can't make any promises, but I'll do what I can.
Psychically unpleasant.
That bad, huh?
I thought maybe it was, I don't know, evocative, I would say.
12 dicks is too many dicks.
I'm sorry.
I don't care.
Sexual preference doesn't even even it's not part of it at that point.
That part it's fucking feng shui.
Like you have 12 dicks in one room all watching porn and also pizza.
Pizza, guys.
Greasy, slimy pizza.
Don't just don't put it away.
Put all of it away.
This is how you know it's not a if the question was, is this gay?
Like, no, because a gay person would never go to that.
Yeah, that sounds like the worst thing.
Yeah, I mean.
There are new movies coming out all the time.
Did you watch Avatar?
Yeah, what the fuck is the matter with you?
Nothing else on.
Guess I better watch some porn.
Get everybody in the minivan and just go see Contagion or something.
Hey, hey, did you and your friends watch Downton Abbey yet?
It's starting up second season.
Just just torrent it.
Don't get a bunch of porno and watch it together.
I don't know.
It's like a secret shame that I think it would be equivalent of me and my friends are
bathrooming in the same bathroom with 12 toilets.
We love it.
The doors open.
Ricky's playing guitar.
Jimmy's roasting marshmallows.
We are all just stacked from stem to stern.
Bowling.
Floor to ceiling.
Just beaming.
People are the worst.
People are the worst.
Don't watch porn together.
Watch it alone.
Don't even do that.
At least don't tell us about it.
Did anybody have any answers?
Any advice?
Yeah, Chrissy says, just keep an eye on anyone taking a long bathroom break.
If it's your house, hire someone else to clean your bathroom tomorrow.
And to which the asker responded chewed at.
Hey, both of you, but both of you answer and question.
I mean, Travis, he has a good point.
That's the that's the main problem when you're throwing us around.
Sound porno pizza experience because you don't want you don't want, you know,
strands of just seed hanging from the ceiling when you're done.
Oh, yeah, because it's so the experience would be so erotic.
They'd had a rush to the bathroom and go to not as much as I don't understand this
idea of like group think watching porn together.
Isn't porn like a means to an end?
It's not like I love the story and the character development was awesome.
Let's watch it again.
You know, like, I don't get this idea of like just chased 12 dudes just sitting around
eating pizza watching porn.
I don't I don't know.
Trust me, that's a pretty broad generalization, which do you guys remember?
Scorsese directed one of the butt slammer's and I can't remember which one.
It was butt slammer's 12, whichever one had Leonardo DiCaprio in it.
I remembered it was in the low tens, but you got to be careful.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Leo showed up.
Yeah.
And he slammed all the butts.
All the butts.
Yowza.
Yeah.
I've been dating this girl for a few weeks now and she's borderline perfect.
The only thing that concerns me is that she's more into me than I am into her.
Any advice concerned in Connecticut?
Yeah.
So your problem is she's almost perfect.
If only she didn't like you so much.
Here's the thing.
Oh, to have your problems.
That must be so rough.
Almost perfect.
See, I want to close.
She might not be close to that borderline.
You know, she might have half a face started like right at sideways.
Like nothing below the nose.
What are you talking about?
I'm saying she's almost perfect.
Yeah, the almost perfect thing is that the only problem with her is that she likes him
too much.
This question makes me so angry.
I know I'm trying to recuperate because like when people say that, when people are like,
she's more into me than I am into her.
That's a self-fulfilling prophecy.
It's because you are less into her than she is into you.
So she's pushing.
She's fighting to try to get you on the same level.
Right now the ball's in your court.
You need to give her the ball.
Yeah.
You are not playing teamwork style.
You are not.
I don't know any more basketball references, but no teamwork style.
That was a good one.
We're going to go into this with a teamwork style defense.
What you got to do, you got to get Bugs Bunny to pass it to Bill Murray and slam jam it
on the Monstars.
That's right.
That's the only basketball.
And also, Wayne Knight is there.
Wayne Knight is there also.
And he drinks Michael Jordan's special stuff, which man, that movie is pretty suggestive
now that I'm older.
Yeah, I think Travis makes a rare great point that she is trying to compensate.
She feels things not working.
She feels you're not putting the energy into it.
I don't know what this I don't like her is, but if she is borderline perfect and you don't
like her to your full capacity, that's a problem with you.
Yeah.
I got this sweet, perfect angel.
Only problem, though, is that I want somebody who's terrible for me.
Yeah, right.
It's one of those things whenever someone says, you know, I should really like her,
but I don't.
OK, well, then you don't.
So I think you need to analyze like what your real problem is.
And maybe she's not quite as perfect for you as you think.
Or you don't appreciate her on the level that you should.
There's something stopping you from being happy in this relationship.
What do you think it is, you guys, without any information about this person whatsoever,
except for a pseudonym they provided with us?
They live in Connecticut.
Do you think that maybe their apple orchard has had a rotten harvest?
No, I think that's a definite possibility.
I think it's that I think it's that they've only been dating for a few weeks and that
people in this day and age have a tendency to rush from dating to like we are boyfriend,
girlfriend, and they don't take the time to like actually get to know each other
and figure out if they're perfect for each other.
They just kind of jump into it.
Yeah, but that's not that's not that.
No, I disagree.
I don't know.
It's not always bad.
It's not always bad, but it's this idea of it's never put someone on a pedestal.
She's not perfect.
No one's perfect.
What like?
No, yeah, I think that that's the problem.
You're saying that the problem.
The reason he doesn't like her is because he thinks that she's perfect.
Well, I think he doesn't know her well enough.
You've done lost the plot.
You have no, no, no.
I'm saying if you think she's perfect, maybe you don't well know her well enough.
Maybe you guys just need to have some more conversations.
I'm saying it's his.
I'd say it's this person's problem.
You're putting it on this person who?
Now I'm assuming that the writer of this question listens and the girlfriend doesn't.
So I'm going to put the blame on her because she'll never hear me do it.
Cowardly, you say?
Maybe I say it's practical.
Hey, why are you so amazing?
Hey, you maybe need to aim even higher than almost perfect.
Maybe you need to go take it to the limit.
Hey, is there any way that she that you can like him less?
Maybe he's okay to completely shift gears here.
How do you have that conversation?
Can you like me less?
Yeah, I always say like communication, explain your problems and be like, hey, you like me
way too much.
I am clearly too awesome.
I know I'm great and I'm always cooking your favorite grilled cheese sandwiches and I always
drop the best Napoleon Dynamite quotes the most appropriate times.
But you've got to stop liking me so much.
I get it.
I get it.
Maybe it's it's time for you to, I don't know, just lower the bar a little bit.
Yeah, you got to like next time you're smooching her, maybe he's being too great.
Yeah, maybe he forgets a dinner date, stands her up once or twice.
Well, no, no, no, no, no, nothing that disrespectful.
I'm saying next time you're smooching her, maybe you burp a little bit.
Maybe you invite her to a 12 man straight off jerk off festival.
Like a, like a summer jerk off festival.
Jerk off fest 2011.
Yeah.
Jerkeroo.
Jerkerpalooza.
Jerker shoot.
Maybe make it, maybe make a offhanded comment about, um, tomorrow's underwear changing day.
Just mention it.
Actually I've been waiting for so long.
Oh, time's up.
Um, maybe talk about your mites.
Say bed bugs.
Say something about bed bugs.
You don't even have to like do a sentence.
You can just say the words bed bugs and you drop like two rungs.
Here's the thing.
Smother her.
Not, no, wait a minute.
Come back.
Not like that.
Put that pillow down.
Put that pillow down.
That would fix your problem, but not really in the way that you need.
It would create some new problems.
Yeah.
With the law, Johnny law.
A new one with Johnny law to deal with.
Um, I really, can I, can I, I, I, in, in the serious advice realm, I would say that
if you hang in there with this relationship and you really care about this girl,
these things will, um, uh, balance out.
But he doesn't care about it.
You'll find an equilibrium.
What?
He's, he's bored.
He's bored.
Yaw, no thanks perfection.
Too perfect.
I'm saying Griffin has already turned on this question asker and I'm trying to give him a way
out.
You know what I'm saying?
Just chill.
If she's perfect, he shouldn't have any problems staying in the relationship.
It should be a joy, a delight, unless there's something he's not telling us.
Half a face vampire.
Half a face vampire.
Half face vampire.
She sucks other faces to get the other half of her face.
Is that a thing?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's probably a series on the BBC.
Yeah.
That's what it's about.
Half face vampires take out and Netflix.
It's not an appropriate second date, right?
I just started dating a guy who's recently out of a long-term relationship and he's jumping
into a comfort level.
We have not reached yet.
How can I get him to back off without being too harsh?
Form spring.
Yikes.
Yikes.
Oh buddy.
Can you put them on the line?
Can we talk to him?
Here's the thing.
I think that's not a bad second date, but it is a bad second, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and 10th date.
Yeah.
In a row.
It also depends on what the first date was.
Yeah.
Well, I imagine the first date.
Nobody does have a first date.
With their wedding.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, yeah.
And that's a tough conversation to have too.
Like, really?
You want to, I guess we can stay in and it's a little, it is kind of intimate, I guess.
Yeah.
Doing that.
And yeah, he's, you know what?
He's trying to slip into the sweat pants of stage a relationship long before he's,
it's time.
It's the hot pants stage.
Is there a way to like jokingly bring it up?
Like we're not quite in the sweat pants phase yet.
Ha ha ha.
Without going, hey.
Put on some fucking slacks and take me out before I leave you.
I'm beautiful.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm thrumming.
Your slacks are pressed.
Get in the car, drive me to the dance hall.
We're going to the DAV and we're going to boogie.
What?
Yeah.
The where?
The D.A.R.
The Dogs of the American Revolution.
Uh huh.
Or maybe the Eagles.
The Dotar?
The Elks.
The Elks?
The Knights of, the KFC, the Knights of Columbus.
We're going to go to the KFC.
We're going to.
We're going to go to the Veterans Hospital and we are going to cut a rug.
Um, I, yeah.
I think joking about it is that, cause there's a thing with a lot of guys.
If you make a joke, he'll really take it to heart and it'll eat at him.
So maybe that's the way to go.
You know, just something fun like that.
But don't make it too serious because I, this is going to sound weird, but you're,
I think second date is too early to be having serious conversations about anything.
Yeah.
I don't think you can have a serious conversation about like, hey, listen, this is really,
this is moving too fast.
Like I would just, you know, make a casual joke about it.
And that's the thing is, what's funny is it's not that it's moving too fast,
so much as it's slowed down too fast.
Yeah, it slowed down like really fast.
Yeah, he threw, he was just revving up the engine.
He threw on the brakes.
Who like brings it?
He's like, Hey, I got Pad Thai and we're about to stream some Downton Abbey.
And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Chill out.
Hang on.
I gots to go.
That does sound like a good night though.
It sounds nice.
I might do that tonight.
I might do that tonight.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
God, I'm old.
I'm 80 years old.
This is called my brother, my brother, my octogenarian.
My brother, my brother, my grandpa and his sage, sage words.
Um, yeah, I think you, I think if you make a fun joke about it, I don't think it'll be that
big of a problem anymore.
You can get over it.
See, and maybe, maybe wait to see what the third date is because maybe, yeah, maybe that's his
pattern.
Maybe it's like epic first date, lame second date, but then his third date is like hot air balloon
ride and you're losing your mind.
That's right.
You're eating Thai food and watching Netflix on a laptop in a hot air balloon.
Listen, I love when you took me to the fancy Italian restaurant and we watched Netflix and
ate takeout at the table and then you took me to your house and we watched Netflix and ate
takeout and now we're on the space shuttle and we're watching Netflix and eating takeout,
but maybe change it up.
This Downton Abbey is so gripping.
Why do they only make seven episodes?
You know what?
I think you just got to take charge because this person was in a long-term relationship.
They probably would be very excited to, to go out and do things that they didn't do in
their last relationship.
It was, if it was as sedentary as you're making it sound like, I think you just got to take
charge and be like, today we're gonna, you know, go river rafting or something, something
exciting.
You know, I think that that person will really, really appreciate that and sort of break out
of the doldrums and then, you know, try even harder to impress you.
Speaking of doldrums, guys who have been in a long-term relationship for a long time,
don't forget that every once in a while, you got to put the sweatpants up.
You got to put on some slacks again.
And do it for no reason.
Don't wait till like an anniversary or birthday because then it doesn't count.
It's got to be like, hey, you know what?
I just realized how much I love you today.
Let's go somewhere special tonight.
It's, it's much like sieging a fort.
The most important part in love is the element of surprise.
That is correct.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, Griffin, do you have a, and make sure you don't make her pay for it.
Don't you dare.
That really kills it.
Yesterday, just yesterday, my lady, I went out to a fancy dinner.
I had a, um, uh, the, the sea bass, Southern style sea bass coated in polenta.
Delicious.
Yeah.
She had the swordfish.
I, uh, last night I cooked for my lady.
I made her, uh, uh, salmon filets, which I stuffed with baby spinach and pine nuts.
And, uh, and, uh, it was a real treat.
What about you, Trev?
What'd you eat last night?
Uh, Teresa made me a country dinner with mashed potatoes and chicken fried steak.
And damn.
Can we all just, can we all hold hands across the internet and just appreciate
how good our lots in life are?
Yeah.
I don't, I day to day, who knows, but like dinner, at least we got our dinner, right?
My breakfast, I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
It's still early.
I wish there was some really squawky, harpy lady who was here right now.
I'd be like, I ate a bowl of salad out of a bread bowl from Marie Callender's.
And then it would turn into a Marie Callender's commercial.
Marie Callender's is good anytime.
It's good anytime.
Or like a woman who's like, I ate half a Hershey bar and some bunions.
Who is this Kathy-like character you're trying to cast in the show?
I don't understand the sociological profile you're trying to tap into with this new character.
I ate cat food because it is all I had.
So a homeless person.
Is this a homeless ad for Marie Callender?
This actually sounds like an episode of The New Adventures of Will Christie.
Marie Callender homeless delights.
Cat food, surprise.
Surprise, you only have cat food.
Requires a microwave and now my teeth hurt.
I made soup out of newspaper.
Today's headline, these is delicious.
Do you know where you'll be going with all the savings from Marie Callender using coupons
in the mail from the newspaper that you made in the soup?
With the money time.
That's so awkward when you go to buy a Marie Callender homeless meal and you realize that
you already made the coupons in the soup.
Thank you Marie.
Is this soupons?
The soup that keeps on souping.
Let's go to the money zone.
Ethan wants to wish his girlfriend Ariel a happy 21st birthday.
Today, today, today.
Both in Indianapolis, both devout MB&B AM listeners.
And Griffin, kind of channel Ethan and give me this next quote in the voice of Ethan.
Oh yeah, so Ariel, she's a model.
Oh, I'm talking like fucking the guy from Nicolas Cage.
I was talking like the guy from Men in Black after he gets taken over by the alien.
He's like, oh, Ariel, he says, is a model.
Good, good, good get.
She likes giraffes and penguins.
She's hilarious.
And he loves her very, very much.
Happy birthday, Ariel.
Happy birthday, Ariel.
Go get just wasted on Arbor Mist because you can buy that now legally.
Yeah, all the Arbor Mist you want.
Go get some Arbor Mist in Wild Irish Rose and go crazy.
They think it'd be cool.
It would be a good promotion for Arbor Mist if they could somehow make it where you could
drink Arbor Mist when you're 20.
Just as like a warm up for real alcohol.
Yeah, I thought that was Boone's Farm.
It's like juice.
Boone's Farm, Arbor Mist.
Because let's be honest, you're drinking Smirnoff Ice at like 16 for that slow, slow ramp up.
Yeah, for the slow.
It just legally instituted indoctrination in the culture of alcohol.
I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
Hey, if you would like to be on our Jumbotron, you go to maximumfund.org
forge slash Jumbotron and we'll talk about your special event or your corporation.
And there are rates there and thank you for your money.
And listen, don't actually drink before you're 21 unless it's like Zima.
Or you're being pressured to.
If you're being pressured to drink a Four Loko, that's fine.
That's fine.
Especially if it's by a member of the opposite sex.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Who's older than you?
Because you might get the smooch.
Don't actually drink Four Loko.
I'm 24 and I don't think I can handle one of those things.
And listen, I saw it on Twitter last night.
Oh yeah, he's drinking trash monkeys.
I can't stress enough.
Don't drink trash.
It was a fun little short story because she's like,
my boyfriend's about to drink trash monkeys.
And then like two hours later, she's like, my boyfriend's dead.
My boyfriend died.
I miss him very much.
Thanks for the advice.
Thank you.
Just don't drink anymore, you guys.
Yeah, Griffin.
Yahoo.
Yes.
How about another one from Mr. Justin Russo?
He really knocked it out of the park this week.
Thank you, Justin Russo.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Vic Philadelphia Freedom who asks,
this might be too gross.
Let me know if it is and we'll do something else.
How do you make a scrotum more attractive?
I mean, if you leave it as is,
it looks like a Velcro tennis ball rolled in pet hair.
If you shave it, it looks like an orange
that somebody forgot in the fridge for a year.
How do you make it look any better?
Serious answers only, please.
You can make it look like a kitty with like face paint.
What's the additional infographic?
Additional details.
Will you marry me, cat?
So I don't know.
Maybe he's using this as like the worst proposal.
Like he was trying to genetically scientifically come up
with the worst proposal ever imaginable.
Because this would be it.
This is pretty high on the list.
This is actually an easy one to answer.
What you want to do is go up to,
you go up and click layer and then click filter
and then click artistic and then click scrotum
and then click de-speckle, de-vein and uncheck smoothing.
And you're just going to want to save that as a keyboard shape.
To get the TIFF or JPEG file format.
If you have a TIFF, you're going to want to check in laced hair
and that's going to give you a look like the pubes are woven
into like a dick dicky base.
Yeah, it's going to be a really nice look.
I tell you what, I usually just blur it.
Blur, blur, blur, blur, blur.
And then I slap a mosaic filter on it
and then I print that and I use it as a sort of basis
for my stained glass work.
You know, and we run into this a lot,
but you guys are just so much more computer savvy than me.
I just use paint and just kind of do a spray paint smile on it.
Yeah, which is fine.
That's good, I guess.
I'm still using clip art.
I've been looking into flash to like animate
to just make it look like the left and right gonads
are sort of going up and down as if it were walking down
like a path, like a rose covered path.
So maybe they're not any more attractive,
but they're definitely more active.
Yeah, well, and you can't spell attractive without active,
you know, if you think about it.
It's true, it's so true.
Everybody get fit.
Just a reminder.
You thought about maybe throwing a third ball in there?
Giving something they haven't seen before.
Just like that classic scene in Total Recall
when that girl says, baby, you made me wish I was dead.
I hate your third ball so much.
Oh, man, I don't think that there is a,
I don't know, an equal thing for having three balls.
Like, made me wish I had six fingers.
I don't know.
Made me wish I had left after our second date something.
How about this suggestion?
One sentence, get yourself an Easter egg kit.
Oh, you're saying that he should dip them?
Yeah, but make sure you use the wax pencil before.
Yeah, because afterwards he doesn't do the designs as well.
Yeah, you can write your favorite Bible verses.
Don't overdo it with the glitter.
You don't want it looking like a Mariah Carey video down there.
Yeah, get your glitter straight.
That is the most ostentatious scrotum I have ever seen.
It's a little showy, okay?
Listen, did you bedazzle it?
What is that?
We're just 12 guys trying to sit around
and watch the pornography.
I don't need you showing off your Elton John disco ball scrotum.
Hey, get those googly eyes off there.
That's ridiculous.
Tyler, you have to leave.
Tyler, I'm trying to eat pizza and fucking pound it and I can't do it.
Oh, you've just given me a great idea
for like a survivor style reality show
about 12 dudes watching porn together.
Yeah.
Yeah, would you watch that show?
No.
Okay.
Not at all.
But you'd make a fortune off of it.
Oh, yeah.
Can we give these testes some utility?
Can we give them function, not form?
How about like a fanny pack for your balls?
They have those.
It's called being a transvestite.
Can we please come up with something other than that?
What about paperweight?
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about something to hoist your gonads.
You're saying dip them in like metal
and then use them as paperweights.
So just bronze them.
No, no, no.
Griffin, why do you want to bronze his testicles?
I'm confused.
It seems like while that would make them
more attractive on one level,
I feel like it would be a little bit painful.
Yeah, it would not be pleasant.
I'm, could we, ooh, could we candles?
Can we turn them into candles?
Like candle dip them?
That wouldn't feel good.
That would never mind.
You know what?
Neither would bronzing.
Your ideas suck too.
Can you have them removed?
Can you have them moved?
Yeah.
Have them moved to a place in your body
that's a little more discreet.
How about on top?
Stop it.
Oh no.
Is that Gonzo down there?
He looks ridiculous.
Oh, that's so crazy because mine looks like Rolf.
Would you just put the balls up there
or the whole thing?
The whole kit and kaboom?
I don't know.
Is it possible to just turn the whole thing upside down?
That's what I'm wondering.
I don't want to do that.
Can we turn it sideways?
There's so many options.
But it looks quizzical.
Interesting.
It's like when you were a kid and you cocked your,
sorry for the word choice,
cocked your baseball hat to the side
to let people know that you were street.
Oh, you got rally balls.
Yeah.
Come on, Reds.
I turned my dick 35 degrees to the left for you.
Come on, Gomez.
Hit it.
Oh, shit.
Yahoo Answers user Nate responded to this question.
He said, I have a tattoo on mine.
It says, please hold with a telephone cord wrapped around it.
When I get really old, hopefully it'll say something else
in between the wrinkles.
I have a tattoo on my penis,
but that's a story for another day.
Believe it or not, believe it or not,
those are my only two tattoos.
You, if you have two tattoos in your genitals,
you are not so busy that you cannot finish answering a Yahoo answer.
Nobody's that, you're not that busy.
I'll catch you on Tuesday to tell you about my dick tat.
Tune in to the second part.
Click subscribe and you're going to get the second half.
Listen, a witty tattoo on your balls is maybe, maybe, maybe funny.
Like the first time,
and then after that, it's just like, yeah,
I still have writing on my balls.
I did not think this through.
Didn't think this through, but when I get older,
gonna get some wrinkles, gonna say all kinds of stuff.
Please kill me.
Please hold.
Please kill me.
Free me from this flesh prison.
Hello, brothers.
I'm the proud father of two sons, ages 10 and six.
Individually, they're great kids.
Together, however, they fight and bicker
during every waking second.
Do you have any advice on how I can get them to at least show brotherly kindness?
Rather than brotherly hurling harsh words
and clenched extremities at each other.
Perplexed progenitor in Indiana.
This is going to be trick.
Progenitor is what you meant to say.
How about a brotherly cage match?
Did I say progenitor?
You said progenitor.
Yeah.
Ugh, progenitor.
Sorry.
I don't know what happened to me.
This is going to be tough for us to answer,
because we were all very docile towards each other.
Not me and Justin.
Do you think maybe that's it?
Cause it was just two of them?
No, not three.
Once I came along, I was sort of the mediator.
I think that this age, I think 10 and six,
it's like a pack of wild dogs and they have to establish dominance.
Right.
Exactly.
Was that really important to you guys?
Yeah.
No, but I think that's what brothers do.
I think like there's a certain amount of, it seems,
here's what it is.
Oh, this is a great example.
Uh, with dogs, um, when dogs like snarl at each other
and like nip at each other,
and chase each other, if you don't know better,
you look at it and go, oh my God, they're fighting.
But in reality, that's how dogs interact with each other.
That's how they play.
So I think that this is just the way that boys of that age
are relating to each other.
By the time they're 15 and however old,
uh, 15 and 11 or 15 and 19, they're going to get along so well.
So you got all that shit out.
Sorry.
Do you just want this guy to live in like a waking,
screaming health the next five years?
Is that what you want? Well, what dad used to do
when Justin and I argued is he would like try to,
you know, step it up and say, I'm going to just,
I'm going to make you guys fight.
And then Justin and I would always stop and go,
God, that's ridiculous. Yeah.
That's for foster arguing.
Punch him right in the jaw.
Like, I don't want to.
Um, no, Sidney's mom, when Sidney and my wife,
Sidney and her sister Taylor,
when they would fight when they were little,
her mom came up with a game called pretend your sister's dead.
They would start fighting and she would drop that one on him.
And, and how it would pan out is Sidney would, uh,
start crying and she'd say, I'm sorry, Taylor.
I'm sorry.
We fought and Taylor would say, shut up.
You're dead.
So you never know how that's going to backfire,
but they're, uh, they worked it all out.
I think, um,
I think, um,
I think, um, I don't know.
I don't, I never fought with either of you guys.
I don't think maybe you're so little.
We were plotting behind your back.
Really?
I remember this one day where I was,
I was smarted off to Justin.
I wasn't doing my chores.
And I think that you were in charge.
I could panic.
The folks were away and you, you slapped me.
And then I was so upset by that.
And you were so upset by that.
And I think that was the only confrontation we ever had.
Except sometimes you would get angry
when I would throw a baseball bat at you.
You did throw a baseball bat at me,
but that was a, that was pure accidento.
Right?
No, that was a game we were playing.
That was taste my steel,
but like, I feel like it was pure accident.
And there was the time that you kind of swung Griffin around
and like hammer through him.
You did hammer through me like, like fucking trunchable.
But we've talked about taste my steel before, right?
Like, I don't think.
Let's do a quick recap in case we haven't.
Quick recap in case we haven't.
Taste my steel is a game that I invented with Griffin.
A real collaborative.
No Abner Doubleday and taste my steel.
It was a real collabo.
Basically, I had an aluminum baseball bat
and I would throw it at Griffin,
but he would know it was coming.
How would I know?
I would say, because I would shout taste my steel.
Yeah, throw the bat at him.
I was, I was very live though.
Yeah, wispy I would say.
I was wispy and I dodged it every time except the last time that we played it.
When you hit me, you hit me right in the eyeball.
I got the biggest, nastiest, shiniest anyone's ever gotten.
And then our mom was like, hey, don't play taste my steel anymore.
So maybe that's the solution.
Get your kids some weapons and let them work it out.
Or don't let the commish catch you.
Our mom was the commissioner of taste my steel.
She got it down single-handedly.
Yeah.
She was the steroids of taste my steel because she ruined the purity of the sport.
Travis was never allowed to play because he got caught juicing.
That's right.
He tried to up his taste average.
Up his vibrancy.
And I would have taken it and just made it violent.
I would have taken out the beauty of the sport.
Yeah, you would have made it less of a ranged game, more of a melee.
Okay, Griffin, let's have one more Yahoo Answers question.
I feel like that would go down real smooth if you got one.
Okay, how about, man, it's tricky.
Do you want a creepy one or do you want a more thought-provoking one?
You know I like to get creepy.
Yeah, give me the creepy one.
This one was sent in by Grace Russell.
Thank you, Grace.
It's by Yahoo Answers user HIUH who asks, I want to kiss Sarah Michelle Geller on the forehead.
How can I do it?
Who can help me with that?
Every night I'm going to bed, I'm kissing something thinking of kissing her in forehead.
I also dreamed kissing her in forehead.
If there is none, how can I get over that?
Why do I want it?
Oh, no.
No, he's actually being very mature because he's not just asking how he can gill about
kissing Sarah Michelle Geller right on her sweet forehead.
He wants to know how he can get over it if it truly is impossible, which so few things
in this world are.
This may be one you don't want to do.
You don't want to have to do battle.
I think you have a better chance of kissing Sarah Michelle Geller square on the lips than
you do on the forehead.
If someone came up to her and he said, I have a proposition for you.
I want to give you a kiss one of these two places, you think almost certainly would choose
the lips.
Yeah, not even a question.
Here's the thing, and I'm not condoning this action because it's wrong, but you could kiss
her on the forehead if you found her, but it would be the last thing you did of your
own free will for a while because you would go do it.
But how would you prosecute that?
Assault, Travis.
That's assault.
That is assault with kiss on the forehead.
Are you that would be the greatest court case?
Go around kissing anybody you want to.
Is that no, I believe that it is illegal.
I'm saying I want to know what the actual title of that crime is.
One of my friends here in Austin was talking about this this sort of criminal that that
plagued their school.
I think it was a university, North Carolina, and they called him the campus cuddler.
I can't tell if this is funny or horrifying.
It's a little bit of both.
And what he would do is he would go to the dorms and look for people who were like asleep
in their dorms, who left their dorm door like open or unlocked.
And he would cuddle with them until they woke up and like were being cuddled with by a fucking
stranger.
And then he would like rubble, rubble, hamburger his way out of the room.
You know what's really important in that?
The dismount.
If you don't have a good rubble rubble or, you know, something similar.
Hey, what are you dreaming about?
Rubble, rubble, waka waka, waka waka play.
What's the verdict on that?
I think it's the scariest thing ever.
Maybe we shouldn't joke about it because I think he was a student, which makes it less
creepy if it was like a sociology professor.
That would be mega creepy.
If it's a psychology professor, it's an experiment.
Yeah, it just has.
I would say that that is really funny until it happens to you or someone you know.
It's assault though.
So what I'm saying is if you kiss Sarah Michelle Gellar on the forehead without her permission,
folks, it's a crime.
Folks, I don't know how many times we have to tell you this, it's a crime.
And make sure that you get permission from her in writing.
Yeah, I don't want to change her mind when you start slobbering on her noggin.
Yeah, but if you do get the kiss on the forehead, make it count.
Yeah, cause don't do a little peck.
You need to be like a barnacle up in there.
Give her a forehead hickey.
Do not let go.
Never let go.
That's your peak.
You're peaking right then.
Smear some superglue on your lips and go to town.
Do you want to do this so soon in your life?
You know, it's all downhill after you do it.
Oh, you're saying like he saves it up.
Save it up?
And like get permission from her and then just wait.
Just wait.
Say like, have her send you a coupon and then redeem it when it's appropriate for you.
Oh, and then she dies in like a tragic accident and it's like the worst day ever.
Why would you do that?
I mean, I'm just saying.
I'm saying take your, take your chances now.
Kiss someone on the forehead now cause you never know when they're going to die in a tragic accident.
Can we somehow capitalize on this?
Can we put Sarah Michelle Geller on retainer and just sort of, um.
Like the creepiest kissing booth ever.
Yeah, sort of.
Like for charity though.
Oh yeah.
I like it.
Here's Sarah Michelle Geller, you have to pay, I think a hundred isn't unfair.
Uh, pay a hundred dollars.
I think she, I think she'll set the price point.
I don't want to make that decision for her.
Do you think maybe we could get like a sliver of it?
And by which I mean the money and not like free Sarah Michelle SMG forehead kisses.
Oh well, can we just say like we'll get paid however we choose?
Because I don't, I mean not hypothetically.
You want 10% with an option of 5% and five kisses.
Yes.
Well, not me, not me.
I want to leave that option open in case one of us wants that.
Wants to kiss her on the brow.
Yeah, but not me.
I feel like we could do that without our respective significant others getting angry about it
because it's like for the story.
Well, mine definitely listened.
So I'm going to go ahead and lean on the side of I'll take the money.
Yeah, I'll take the money too.
Travis!
I feel like, I feel like my significant other would get mad.
Not because I kissed another girl, but because I kissed someone on the forehead.
I think she would just be mad in principle.
That's so personal.
It's the worst.
Is she your daughter?
Because if not, get your lips off there.
Hey, I want to hear Griffin's last question.
First, thank you so much for listening to our show.
This is my brother, my brother and me.
You made time again.
If you know someone who would like the show, please send them, send them MP3,
send them a link to mbnbam.com, send them a link to our sampler bit.ly forward slash
it's mbnbam.
That helps us out a lot trying to spread the word.
It seems like more people have been talking about it on Twitter,
which is like infinitely exciting.
And more people who are like, just started listening to mbnbam.
Thanks for the recommendation, so and so.
And we see those and we love them.
When, and when, if you see someone say something like,
maybe it's time to find out what this, my brother, my brother and me is all about,
make sure you descend on them like jackals.
Like, like, like a hawk, like a condom.
And you gotta, and if someone asks, what's mbnbam?
You gotta make sure to put that link in there.
Yeah.
Just hyperlink them.
Just hyperlink it.
Thanks to, we got a new fan, Bile Kojima, is there tweeting about the show.
Lyrical nuisance, always Amy H.
Liquid paper cut.
Eric the Wheeler.
So many, so many people turning out to, to, to root us on.
Join 11, the after field.
Robot Atoms, Auntie Hot.
And you know, if you have-
Oh, and Nano Blossom, do appreciate Rebecca Eagle giving us the, the plug-a-roo.
Thanks, Rick.
If, if you're done with our show,
if this is the last episode that you need to listen to,
to complete your collection, to catch them all,
go listen to something else on Maximum Fun.
Go listen to Jordan and Jesse Go.
Go listen to Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Go listen to Judge John Hodgman.
You're gonna-
Something.
I guarantee you're gonna love them.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of their song.
It's a departure of the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's our theme song.
And you should listen to all the songs on that album,
because they're all very good.
And if you, if you get our show off of iTunes
and you haven't been checking out MaximumFun.org lately,
check it out because it's updated all the time.
And there's always great video clips and links to like new albums
and interviews and stuff like that.
And check it out.
And while you're there, make sure you go to the forums
and write about this show on the thread.
So just to, you know what it is there?
It's just a, just a think tank.
Just dig in.
Get into the experience.
Get in the synergy and stuff.
Get in the synergy and stuff.
Hey, we're talking about live shows.
We hear you.
Yeah, we're working on it.
We're working on it, I promise.
It's just hard because not everybody has shared the link to our sampler yet.
It's really-
Yeah, it's like-
It's like, we don't want to do these shows
and then nobody shows up because you didn't whore us, you know?
Yeah, because you are failing us.
You're failing us.
And like, I don't want to put the blame on anybody,
but I'm gonna put it on you if I have to.
So yeah, feel bad and stuff, I guess.
Quit letting me down, Devin.
Devin?
I have a friend named Devin and I used that name last show
and he thought I was talking specifically to him.
Oh, shit.
So anyway, thanks, Griffin.
You want that final question?
Is that what you want?
You know I do.
This one was sent in by NyxNimby.
Twitter user NyxNimby.
Thank you, NyxNimby.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Daniel who asks,
can you grow a rose from the waters of your tears?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
If you've been my brother, my brother may kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
