The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother. My brother and me. It's an advice show for the modern era. It's June,
and you know what that means. We are frantically prepping for the biggest summer event of the year,
a week-long celebration of fun and frivolity that we like to call FatBeachCon 2011.
PBC is the industry insider lingo. Yeah, PBC.
I heard that this year they were gonna actually do a panel and they were gonna get Alma Collins
and Eric Fleeks and Brian Hooks and Jermaine Huggie Hopkins. They're all gonna be there, guys.
Travis, do you possess an encyclopedic knowledge of the people who were in FatBeach with a Ph?
Travis is actually the keynote speaker of our event. Actually, we refer to it as the
the G note speaker, but you get the idea. I can't remember my girlfriend's name.
You can buy the soundtrack to FatBeach on Amazon right now on audio CD for $1.99.
I actually can't. I can't do that. That is prime, too. Two-day shipping. I need it now.
Hey, FatBeach. Amazon, get it to me now.
How quickly can you get it before our FatBeachCon? My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm your oldest brother and conference scheduling supervisor.
I am Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother and keynote speaker.
G note speaker.
I am Griffin McElroy. I am a Coolio cosplayer.
So what we do is we take your questions, both FatBeach and non-FatBeach related,
and turn them into wisdom. Let's get right into it. Hi, my bim bam. I'm contemplating
venturing out into the Twittersphere for the first time, and I feel like I need a
signature Twitter handle to mark this exciting occasion. I want to use a variation of my name,
Jody Burgs Bacon, and I'm hoping you can throw out some ideas for me.
The people who brought up people brought us people's nasty gum are clearly brilliant
at branding. Work your magic and thanks for your help, Jody. Jody, what a great question.
Jody Burgs Bacon.
That is your it's your virtual identity. If you think you aren't who you are anymore,
you are what you tweet. That's so deep, Griffin.
That's like, all right.
That being said, Burger Time.
Burger Time is pretty good. I give you that. Only you spell it B-E-R-G like your name is
spelled. Enjoy.
How about Baconator?
The Baconator. The Burgs Baconator.
I didn't even consider the bacon contingent.
There's a lot.
God damn it.
How about Jody 1-6-X-I?
She's not a robot.
Oh. Then I've got nothing.
Then I've got nothing.
What about something that plays off her name and the fact that she's going to be talking
on Twitter? Something like Jodydeas. Something that's out there.
What about Jodyalog?
It's like Twitter isn't just about me broadcasting to you. It's about the two of us talking back.
Having a convo.
Yeah. I think if you can get Jodyalog, I'd go with that. What about Candace Burgs Bacon?
What about Meredith Baxter Burgs Bacon?
What about Good Burgs Bacon?
Good Burgs Bacon. Fat Beach. Brought to you by Fat Beach.
Brought to you by Fat Beach. God, that movie was Fat Beach, wasn't it?
Good Burger's basically Fat Beach.
But in a burger shop.
Yeah.
Fuck, that movie is so funny.
Well, hold on. Good Burger?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's pretty good?
I wish I could find it right now because Kel has the secret recipe to his sauce that turns
the whole stand around.
Okay.
Who was that? Neil Patrick Harris? Wanted it.
Do you feel like they missed a cross-branding opportunity by not making a Good Burger stand
at Fat Beach? Like, how did you guys get so fat, obviously? Obviously crossover.
Would you guys eat at a real Good Burger? If that was a real thing. I think that,
as long as we're speaking about Good Burger branding opportunities, because that is what
Jody asked about.
Yeah.
I don't know. Like, I think that that's a successful business. I would love for people
to just open up an ironic Good Burger stand and it turns into a chain and it becomes like
it beats Subway and is now the most famous fast food restaurant in the world.
Griffin, can you break down for me real quick what an ironic Good Burger stand is?
Well, people are like, I'm talking right now, like, hey, you guys remember Good Burger?
That was a solid pick.
I think that if you name your-
Do you think anyone other than us is having that conversation ever?
I think if you name your stand Good Burger, but say it's ironic, then that's bad. Like,
bad burgers is what you're selling.
Oh.
Yeah. I sell good burgers. Get it? This tastes bad.
Why did you do this?
I just don't know why you're trying to take the wind out of my sails.
You're right. I'm sorry. To me, whether or not I would frequent, patronize, I would haunt
a local real world earth, you know, 619-
A tangible, not a Good Burger of the ethereal realm. I'm talking about a real ass tangible
Good Burger.
Manifest corporeal Good Burger.
My frequency of dining there would depend on how many adjectives are on the outside in
the advertising, because I'm a sucker for those. Like, I could say to you right now
that no, that probably wouldn't be a good idea, especially if I see Kellen there up
to his old tricks, up to his new jinx.
He wouldn't turn up the pot.
If they have a sign outside that says, like, beefy or satisfying, like, I don't know.
Juicy.
Maybe. Juicy. Like, exactly.
But if I walk in, and I see Kell, and he's in the milkshake machine, like, spinning
around, I will leave that restaurant right away. That is not sanitary Kell.
Well, that's a health violation.
I'm gonna say that I think I would actually be more likely to go to an ethereal Good
Burger. Like, a Good Burger of the mind.
Well, as soon as you die, you'll be able to do just that.
God, I hope so.
Hey, Griffin, you got a Yahoo for us?
I do. Here's one. This one was sent in by Crystal Whalen. Thank you, Crystal Whalen.
Regular contributor, Crystal Whalen. It's by Yahoo Answers user Olaf Simprini, who asks,
looking for a career in genital painting?
In what?
I assume he's asking for himself, but the way you made it sound sounds like the start
of an infomercial. Like, looking for a career in genital painting?
Excuse me, I'm sorry, one more time. Genital painting?
Uh, yes. Genital painting.
I'm gonna need some more info.
Well, he provides it, if you'd give me a chance. The other day, I was with my boyfriend, and
he asked me to paint the Hand of God painting by Michelangelo on his penis. It says wang,
but we're all adults here. I think being in his clinical terms.
Bracket penis in bracket.
It looks really, really good, and I'm wondering if there's a sort of industry for this thing,
because I think it is my calling. Please help. Do you know of any universities or colleges that
specialize in this sort of thing? Also, I have pictures, if anyone is interested in my work.
Check, please. Yeah, hello. I would like to get on that.
Yeah, can you, uh, my bim bam dot com?
Yeah, just send that out.
Just send that to our web address, I guess?
Send that to Day Express, because I need that.
If you could overnight, I'll front the shipping, COD. Just gotta see them.
I want to say that when you first posed the question,
I immediately interpreted it as painting with one's genitals.
There's three ways I could see doing this, right? Painting with your genitals,
painting on someone's genitals, which is using genitals as a medium for art,
and then there is the actual painting of genitals. Like, check out this sweet pee pee that I painted
here with my watercolors.
Oh wow, yeah. I didn't even think about that.
I can make a pee pee sing with watercolors.
I went to the zoo once and they trained an elephant to paint on this guy's genitals.
It was pretty cool. Horrifying for him.
I don't think that's a- I don't think-
I'm almost positive that was- wait, was that on TV again?
No, that was a movie. Yeah, that was a movie, yes.
The Operation Demba Drop.
Yes! God, I was-
That was the best movie.
I did not watch it that closely, but I'm pretty sure that that's what happened.
There's a really great scene where it's tender and the elephant gets a paintbrush.
I would think! I mean, that elephant's huge.
It's very tender, and the elephant, he is not confident in his painting,
but Chuck Sheen talks him through his psychoses,
and then the elephant paints on Chuck Sheen's balls and dick.
You know, people give him a lot of static for being nutso,
but you go through something like that, you weren't there.
You don't know what that film-
He's operating on a whole nother plane than everyone else,
and it's because he has had this amazing experience.
Also, on this plane, Ethereal Goodburger.
It's just Chuck Sheen and Ethereal Goodburger.
I would like to point out to the person who asked this question that if you look at,
okay, so you're painting a Hanagon painting on your boyfriend's dick,
is it possible that maybe that skill could translate to a more conventional medium or-
No, no, no, absolutely not.
No, only dicks.
Dicks?
I'll tell you what, it's the dimensions of it.
The contour?
It's like a natural easel.
Natural easel, and it's taut and canvassy.
I get it.
I get what this guy's selling.
I think that it is the most perfect sort of medium that we can wear.
It's the most natural, at least.
A lot of the canvases these days are corporate-made,
and this is shade-grown artistic medium.
What if you painted a dick on someone's dick?
Whoa.
What if you painted a dick on someone's vagina?
See, that's why I'm upset by this question,
because it doesn't leave many options for our lady friends, because I don't-
You could paint a Georgia O'Keeffe painting on someone's vagina.
Sure.
Yeah.
So are there any responses?
Anybody have some good ideas?
Somebody said, ooh, I want the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
Very clever.
For my crooked dick.
For my tilted member.
And for my sweetie, maybe the Grand Canyon.
Hey, dog.
Hey, dog.
That's not quite right.
Yeah, don't let her hear you talking that way, because that ain't gonna go over well.
I have a nickname for your vagina, honey.
Honey.
Hey, honey.
You're gonna love it.
Listen to this great goof, honey.
Hey, check it.
The Mariana Trench.
Get it?
I love you.
So we got another club banger, another hot question coming in from a real person,
and not like the one Griffin read from a monster, an animal, a subhuman.
How long do you have to wait after you break up with a girl to start dating one of her friends?
I had a friends with benefits relationship with a young lady that sort of turned into
an exclusive relationship of a sort, but it's become clear that one of her friends
is interested in dating me.
How long do I have to wait to pursue this other young lady?
Oh my god.
Is this anonymous?
Yeah.
Okay, first of all, it sounds like you're still dating the other lady.
So obviously not soon.
Yeah, not this second.
It hasn't been long enough, because it's been none.
It's been no time.
What's that rule or something like the amount of time you're with someone divided in half
is the amount of time you more in the relationship or something.
Isn't there like an accepted standard for that?
It is.
Yeah, it's how long you've been together divided by half, and then you add the number
of lunar cycles that happened while you were dating.
And your first pet's name and the street you grew up on.
And then you multiply it by infinity.
Sheila, I miss you.
Oh, Sheila.
I wish I dated a lady named Sheila.
I know.
I say if there's a special somebody in your field of vision that you suspect it has a
little, you know, that you don't wait on it at all.
You break up with friends with benefits.
And then say goodbye to her forever.
How's this for a benefit?
Bye.
Here's your severance package.
Enjoy.
I got nothing for you.
Shouldn't have nailed me down when you had the chance.
This is why it never works.
This is why this never works, because right now I'm doing this.
So this is a pretty good example of why friends with benefits is not a thing.
And then you just go talk to another girl.
What's the matter?
Or a guy?
Is it a guy or a girl?
Listen, only guys would do this.
I didn't even have to ask, of course.
Girls don't think this way.
Only guys would be this monstrous.
You got to dance with the one that brought you.
And that means you have to stay with this girl that you don't really care for for the
rest of your life, because leaving her, that would be rude, sir.
You don't want to be that guy, do you?
Do you want to be rude, sir?
Would you rather be civil?
God, I miss the Victorian era.
I know.
You couldn't get away with that shit.
You didn't have to worry about dating.
You said, hey, daddy, hey, mommy, who am I marrying?
Tell me who to love, please.
You're marrying Carla, the butchers.
She is the eldest of three daughters that didn't die of tuberculosis.
She's got a fine frame.
You're really going to be into it.
Hey, I like this girl, but I'm afraid to ask her out because we haven't spent a lot of
time together.
However, I'm sure if I wait too long, the whole thing might peter out.
What should I do, form spring?
Does he know a guy named Peter that's going to sweep his lady?
I don't know.
So 58 episodes in, and that's the final answer.
This is where I finally admit that I don't get these people that, like, sometimes we
get these questions and the answer is so obvious that I think they're fucking with me.
Like, hey, hey, just ask her, dummy.
If you don't ask her to spend time with you, you can't spend time.
How do you think that happens?
You're not filling up, like, a giant novelty thermometer on a donation board.
You don't have to spend X amount of time before you ask her out.
You're just, like, hoping you get stuck in an elevator.
Just ask her to go fucking go.
You want to go ice fishing with me?
Hey, I hear there's going to be a tornado warning on Thursday.
Do you want to come to my basement?
And, like, it'll be hilarious.
Do you want to get accidentally stuck in a freezer with me so we can recap all the great
times we've had together?
Like, in that one episode of Perfect Strangers?
Because then I can ask you out after that.
Cute meets, they don't happen in real life.
No, they don't.
They do not happen like that.
Do you know how you spend more time with someone?
You ask them out.
Yeah, just ask them out.
You're ready.
Peter, which I'm assuming is your name, and that you've come up with-
Oh god, I hope so.
And he uses the phrase Peter out to mean something awesome.
Yeah, you guys want Peter out?
That's what he says whenever he leaves the room.
Peter out?
I, uh-
Hey, check this out.
Check this out, Peter.
You wait too long, and you die.
Oops.
Ah, I could have loved her forever.
No, I can't.
You got any big plans this weekend?
Yeah, man.
I'm going to go to Zaxby's and totally Peter out.
Yeah, I'm going to go to Zaxby's and totally Peter out.
Those people aren't going to know what they saw.
It's going to be heinous in there.
I'm just going to let loose and Peter out.
I'm just going to Peter out.
I've earned it.
I've earned one fucking weekend of petering out, I think.
I've sold all the shoes at Foot Locker.
I think I'm going to have one weekend of petering out.
I think.
I think I've earned that.
They can't take that from me.
Hey, hey, hey, you can take as much alimony from me as you want.
You'll never like my my ability to Peter out was not part of the settlement.
Depra.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'm ready.
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
Champion.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jenna Rain who asks.
Sexy sailor suit in bed.
Dirty things to say.
It is my BF's dream for me to wear my sexy sailor suit for him.
What are some dirty things to say in bed?
And before to get him in the mood.
I'm going to demand that all of the things that we say
for the next few minutes be nautically themed.
Okay.
So she wants to turn it.
She wants to to raise his mast.
I don't have time to load the torpedoes.
Yeah.
In a seaman's garb.
Okay.
Wants to.
To vagina off the starboard bow.
Plunge into my briny deep.
That's good boners.
That's good Travis.
It's very on the nose.
He can get a tattoo on his penis.
It says welcome aboard like Kelsey Grammer in the hit film.
Don't Paris Co.
That would be good.
I hope you're ready.
Time to swap the poop deck.
Oh no.
Oh, I'm ready for cock Cousteau.
Um, I just don't.
Unfortunately, you're not my first mate.
Come break a bottle of champagne on my face.
I don't like that at all.
Are not a play got naughty.
It's not a play a thing.
Like it's it's nautically themed.
Justin can I tell you as somebody who on a weekly basis scours Yahoo answers for things
that are funny.
There is every kind of play that you can imagine.
There's just no kind of play that I've been.
I've been trying to find a way to talk about it on the show.
You guys know about age play.
Excuse me.
It's called age play.
I couldn't find a funny Yahoo answer about it because they're all just so just so crushing.
But it's where one person uh, pretends to be a baby.
Oh, look at him.
But not like you pretend to be like a senior citizen and get a nursing home.
You can.
You can do that.
The world is your oyster in the world of age play.
Fuck.
You just got into the movies for 550.
That's so hot.
Tell me about that early bird special.
We're eating dinner at 4 p.m.
God, I'm a wreck.
Do you think that there are people that are like hardcore like goth enthusiasts or steam
punks or something and their idea of this kind of sex play is like you put on a suit
and you carry a briefcase and like you talk about spreadsheets.
They call it they call it norming it up.
Norm.
Um, norm play.
I can't wait to norm you tonight.
Tonight.
Let's just listen.
We're having casserole.
I want to plan the perfect evening.
First, I want to I want to light some candles.
We bought it back from Body Works.
And then I want to
What's that on the TV?
Oh, my God, it's a Becker marathon.
I want to put on that Mad Men soundtrack we bought at Target and just go crazy.
Well, go restrained on you.
And when that's done, I got Colby Callie lined up.
It's next on iTunes.
I'll open your delicate mouth and feed you some Oreos.
You imagine goth people can't eat Oreos.
Got people can't eat Oreos.
I know they like blood cookies.
That's true.
From Toll House.
Those are delicious.
Those Keibler elf commercials are fucked up, though.
Give me regard.
Come into the tree.
And I'll survive it.
Put a baby in.
Elk and blood cookies.
Introduce that blood cookies.
Don't ask.
Hey, I'm headed to uni this coming fall.
Do you mean college?
Do you mean college?
College.
This is an American show this coming fall and will likely be rooming with a bunch of guys
I have never met before.
I actually call it call.
I shorted it to that.
Callie.
Okay.
My issue is that I am a huge anime fan and will likely want to have anime paraphernalia
in my living room.
I want to have anime paraphernalia in my living space.
I want to, of course, make a good impression and not weird out the people I will be rooming
with for the following school year.
So my question for you is how much anime stuff is too much anime stuff?
That's tactless and Toronto.
The answer to that last question is one.
I'm going to say go out on a limb and say if you have to ask that question, you have
too much anime stuff.
Yeah.
It is a concern that you have.
You have a-
Overdone it.
You have a troubling amount of anime stuff.
You're you're looking in your bedroom right now and you are worrying about how you're
going to fit all your anime stuff into a space with a bunch of a gentleman you don't know.
For real though, I think we can answer this honestly without being mean.
I think there's a tasteful way to do it.
Let me give you an example.
I like video games.
Yeah.
My jam. When I was in high school and middle school or high school, on my wall, I cut out
pictures from video game magazines and tape them all over the wall, right?
Like I taped video game pictures all over the wall because I like video games, right?
I still like video games, but what I have now is a poster, a very tasteful poster for
one game that I enjoy that was made by our good friend Justin Russo.
And that's sort of the nod to video games I have.
And it's like it still makes sense in the space.
It's sort of like it's tasteful, but I'm not like relinquishing my love of this thing.
What you shouldn't do is be ashamed of this thing that you like.
Yeah.
We'll give you shit for it.
It's not that.
It's that this is a time to transition a lot of things in your life.
You know, going to college, it's a big step towards adulthood and maybe you look around
and say, you know, maybe it's time to kind of revamp my approach to these things that
I love.
Maybe it's time to, you know, start getting some, you know, books on anime and stuff like
that instead of cool.
Yeah.
That's a very sort of cut out of magazines.
Yeah.
And you know, the other sort of worry and the reason that we I think the reason like
it's very easy to sort of make gags about anime, but we all all three of us like some
really terrible shit.
I seem to remember one episode where we spent the first 10 minutes talking about Good Burger.
That was the hardest choice I had to make of what to do with all my Good Burger paraphernalia.
You're going into a time where you're in high school, you're graduating high school,
you're going into college, you really will sort of be defined in large part by the next
four years.
And I think you want to go into it without stigma, you know, like I think you want to
go into it kind of as close to a blank slate as you can and open yourself up to a lot of
stuff that you're going to be exposed to for the first time.
You know, maybe you get there and you do the blank slate and you go, you know, I could
probably do a little like corner of, you know, figurines here or a poster here.
And you kind of build back up to a point that you're comfortable with.
But I think it's best to start at zero and then find where the new normal is for you.
Don't define yourself by anime, I guess is what what I'm saying.
No, Christ, no, nobody should do that or any other.
You shouldn't define yourself by anything.
No, no pop culture thing.
You're not allowed to define yourself with that.
Like video games.
I don't I really don't like it when people are like super into movies.
There's like, oh, check out my Criterion collection.
It's like, cool.
I got Netflix.
Or you're like the music snob or the movie.
Yeah, just figure out who tactless in Toronto is.
And maybe he's not tactless.
That's what you'll discover.
That's what I hope you'll discover.
Maybe he's a smooth operator.
Maybe he's a smooth operator with a pension for Cowboy Bebop.
Hey, and remember, you're going in.
You're going in and nobody knows you.
Like you're a complete enigma.
If you if you lay out all your anime cards on the table, like right from the jump,
people will think they they've cracked your case.
Yeah, you got to go in sneakier than that.
You got to go in and put a put a picture of like a football guy.
Nobody else see that coming.
What if you went in there with you?
You went in there with nothing.
No possessions.
You just moved in and your room is just empty except for a bed.
Okay, huh?
That's it.
Oh, you don't have a follow up.
So that's the end of my thought.
He's like a wonderer.
What are people going to think?
Roams from college to college.
They're going to think that he's the pretender and that nobody knows his real face.
Oh, shit.
The pretender.
You're saying the pretender ploy.
I think that I haven't seen that well implemented since the early 90s,
but it could definitely still work.
And even then it wasn't really well implemented.
Not terribly well implemented.
Occasionally well acted, never terribly well written.
Had a big problem getting reliable guest stars.
And the plot was kind of a one trick.
And the main actor kind of looked like David Copperfield.
A little bit like David Copperfield.
Just some helpful notes.
The pretender that you can ingest and use next time.
The next series.
The new pretender.
Starring Shia LaBeouf.
Is it time?
Yes.
Yes.
It's time to take a trip together.
To the money zone.
Happy birthday to you.
Using that trademarked.
Trademarked.
I did under 10 seconds.
That's okay, right?
Hey, that song is under 10 seconds.
That whole thing.
Maybe I need a new one.
Hold on, let me see it.
Happy birthday.
There you go.
Song.
Song for Alex birthday.
Gonna get born.
Gonna get born.
In the city.
Good times.
20 years ago birthday.
Birthday June 10th.
Pass that cake fork to me.
Give me some frosting.
Alex wanted us to wish Janelle a happy birthday.
We're putting the jingle horse in front of the message cart.
I don't care.
This is our show.
Fuck it.
Fuck it, right?
Right.
Here's what we know about Janelle.
She works in product development for a toy company.
That's dope.
She enslaves our youth with an insatiable desire for material possessions.
She gets them early.
She gets them deep.
They need that Kromazord.
Yeah, Janelle made that.
And she was never in a podcast until NBNB AM.
And she's a little bit older than Alex.
Kind of.
She's a couple years older.
Alex is 13.
Alex is a 13 year old boy.
That's not true.
Alex is pretty close to her age.
So he wants to wish her a happy real 28th birthday.
And a fake 29th birthday.
He's been joking about her age to friends.
Hey, Alex.
Ladies love that shit.
Hey, Alex, here's a special treat for you.
Here's a bonus.
Check out this wrinkly old broad.
I love you, Janelle.
This is my old lady.
Emphasis on the old.
If you know of any advice podcasts that you enjoy,
we would strongly encourage you to write in and ask
if you should be doing what you're doing.
Sneak preview?
No, you should not.
Also, on the birthday train,
Matt wants to wish his brother Alex a happy 30th birthday.
Three zero.
Dirty 30.
Dirty 30.
Flirty 30.
If it's Alex, you know him.
Shirty 30.
Because that's, it's customary to buy somebody a shirt
on their 30th birthday.
Like a nice Oxford.
And if you get Tweety Bird on it, it's birdy 30.
A birdy, shirty 30.
Here's what we know about it, about Alex, okay?
Different Alex.
Different Alex, not the giver from before.
Now he is the receiver.
He's huge, okay?
Six three.
Got a dog named Talon.
Has a-
Like a thing that, like a sharp foot?
Yeah, I think so.
Sharp hawk foot?
But not spelled that way.
Good at video games.
Street Fighter IV, Mortal Kombat.
He's got all the kicks and punches.
Lives in Boston.
How many, can I ask,
his hadouken technique?
Like, where is it?
Where he likes to go is down, then toward, then punch.
So like for a hadouken?
For like a hadouken, that's his basic game.
That's what he's, where he's at.
That's how I like to do my hadoukens as well.
But he's 30 years old now, and you know what that means.
No more video games.
No more games, put them away.
Legally speaking, you can't play them.
And they've rented a lake house in upstate New York
to celebrate, but they have not rented the lake house,
which I would recommend.
It's an important distinction.
So since we've sort of painted ourselves into a corner
by not being able to use the traditional birthday song,
Griffin, I would ask that you write a song about these two
that sort of bridges the gap, I guess,
between a licensed track and a not-licensed track.
So let's, parameters, because I love those.
It's gotta be a birthday song.
It's gotta be a birthday song.
It has to be like fill in the blanks so that we can use it
for future birthdays.
Only this time we will fill in the names of Janelle and Alex.
The important thing about this is that it be free to the public.
I don't want to try to get into a copyright battle over this.
I want you to become like the new Applebee's song.
They come out clapping their hands.
What could you be saying right now?
They give you a free piece of birthday cake
and they sing you a song and it's like happy, happy birthday.
Janelle and Alex.
This is confusing.
There's two Alex's in the mix.
Don't worry.
Listen, you've got to let go of Alex 1 and Matt.
It's a gift.
I just purged you from my mind.
Yeah.
You never existed.
This is take one of, I'm going to call it Birthday Town.
Good.
That's a good, good name.
So instead of like waiting to the end of the song to put the names in,
what if we just do it right at the jump?
Okay.
Janelle and Alex.
You are the twin mayors of birthday.
Hold on, here we go.
Did your guitar die?
That's all very good.
I'm liking the whole thing.
Janelle and Alex.
You are the twin suns that shine on birthday planet.
Where it is everybody's birthday every time you go around.
One of you is 28.
The other one of you is dirty 30.
But just because you're old doesn't mean
you don't know how to get down.
Hooray!
Hooray for Birthday Town!
I don't know that we can ever use that again.
Well, we have to because that's the law.
I like, I like twin suns.
Although I guess it only works if we have two birthdays at the same time.
Well, next time we have double birthdays, we'll take them to Birthday Town.
Oh, double birthday would have been a good song.
Double birthday would have been a very good song.
But see, that's why I keep, I make the swan pay for my pearls now.
I don't just throw them out for free.
That's my personal copywriting idea.
Hey, Janelle and Alex, see you next year.
Hey, see you guys next year.
If you know someone that has a birthday coming up or a special message,
you can do personal, you can do business.
Contact Teresa at Maximumfun.org.
It's Teresa with an H and let her know and we can get that all set up.
And you too can have an amazing jingle.
If you think you might want to do it though, get in contact with her early.
We've had a couple people who've wanted to do something for a special occasion.
But we're, we're, we, like for the next couple of months, we're booked.
So getting, get in contact with her with plenty of lead time and we'll, we'll figure it out.
Here we go.
I was coming home late from the bar the other night.
My cute neighbor and a few of her friends were sitting on a porch drinking,
but I was unaware of this at first.
As I was walking to my door, I ripped a fierce one.
It was loud enough that it echoed down my street.
Holy Christ.
And that's when I heard my neighbor and her friend start laughing.
I can't imagine fucking shattered windows.
Quiet alarms are going off.
I was extremely embarrassed, appropriate, and got inside the house as fast as I could.
Is this something that will haunt me forever?
Or if I just avoid her for a couple of weeks, will she forget?
Tootin in Tennessee.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Maybe it's time for you to become like not tooting in Texas.
Just normal in Nebraska.
You got to absorb this experience.
Holding it in Hawaii.
You got to eat this experience and you got to keep it ever present in your mind.
Cause you fucked up, man.
Oh, did you goof?
Oh man.
Is that never a goof?
One time I was on a city bus going to college and I completely forgot that I was in public.
I had a huge fart.
And so then I bought a car.
He could never go back to the bus system.
The whole, the whole public transportation game was shut down.
There's a picture of him on every Oklahoma city bus.
It's a do not let this man on your bus.
The driver's come to refer to him as stinky Carl.
We do not know his real name or his locale.
But he has mega toots.
They, uh, when Travis finally did sell that car, they, the car dealership ramped it into a chasm.
They're like, we can't sell this to anyone.
This is a biohazard.
What have you done in here?
You're, you were killing us.
Um, yeah, you can't.
No, you know what?
Unless you do something like either a far more embarrassing.
I mean, you've really got to take it to the limit where I'm talking like,
say something, uh, super racist around the person who's race is being belittled.
I mean, like a goof on that scale.
Is that better?
I don't think so.
Can you, can you fall out of your window while jerking it and land on her porch?
Is that as far as I can tell us?
And continue jerking it.
Yeah.
You have two options.
You can either fall out of your, her window, your window while jerking it and land on her porch.
And then you're that guy.
Or you fall out your window and fly and no one will ever,
ever talk about the flatulence again.
You know what I think you should do?
Just go right up.
Of course the plot of the boy who could fly.
Go right up to her door, ring that doorbell and she answers the door.
Be like, it happened.
Okay.
Like it happened.
And I want to move on.
Do you, can we please move on from this?
My name is Tootin in Tennessee.
I'm a person.
I'm a man.
I saw a copy of the newsletter you sent out and I do not appreciate it.
I think you just got to grab this bull by the horns and you got to.
Fart in its face.
And you got to fart right in.
You got to just handle it.
Just handle it.
Cause you can't live in fear.
If you do that, then the terrorists won.
I think you should go knock on her door and say,
I just went to the doctor and turns out I have butt diabetes.
So you were laughing at my medical condition that is going to claim my life.
So sleep well tonight.
I have a tiny goblin that lives in my stomach who is slowly killing me,
but he also makes me fart.
That's what the doctor said.
Do you want to see my x-rays?
I'm your man.
I'm a person.
I'm a person.
I wanted you to know that.
I'm not just some fart clown for you.
Nothing's a fart machine.
I have a fart goblin.
God damn it, Susan.
And it's killing me.
I want you to know that a few years back I invited Jesus to live in my heart.
So which one of us were you laughing at?
Exactly.
He's in here too.
Just so you know.
Enjoy hell, Susan.
Enjoy hell, Susan.
And then fart again.
And then do a little, do like a brief jig and then leave.
And then move away.
The first time was an accident.
This time has to be intentional for you to get the power back in the relationship.
Every day, for the next month, greet her in the morning as she steps up to the paper like,
hey neighbor.
And then you're standing on the porch with a cup of coffee and your bathrobe.
And you just blast it.
And then you fart and the bathrobe flutters.
And you say, see you tomorrow at eight.
You're saying fart stalker, basically.
I think fart stalker was Gared McGavin's finest performance.
Oh, man.
That was too bad.
I'm sorry.
You do have to move.
I've gone out four times with this girl.
I'm 16.
She's 15.
Gross.
Things are going great.
We always have a great time.
I have not kissed her yet.
Since it would be both of our first kisses, I want to make it perfect.
Aww.
Problem is, I'm fairly new to the dating game.
I'm not sure when I can approach the topic of going steady and becoming a couple.
Please help me in being Ben from sunny Germany.
I almost feel like we should just skip it.
Because we're going to ruin this.
We're going to ruin you, Ben.
Like a rabbit in a mice of men.
You know, you pet it too hard and the neck snaps.
Yes, that is exactly true, Travis.
That is the perfect analogy.
Ben, you've brought something very precious to us.
And if you give this to us, if you give us this thing to care for for you,
you will come back in a week and it will be, you'll be like, what's that smell?
Like, yeah, that was the precious thing that you gave us.
We killed it and we buried it underneath the sink.
We did a bad job with this precious thing you gave us.
We hugged it too hard and it's been dead for a while.
And Ben, we're so sorry.
I have a confession to make.
The only reason I still host this show with you guys is that for an hour every week,
I can remember what it's like to feel this way.
Oh my God.
To feel, just to, yeah.
Yeah, it's like, it's vicarious.
Vicarious innocence is, it's addictive.
Do you think he's, do you think he's held her hand yet?
Ah, man.
I can't even think about it.
It's too chaste.
Oh, Ben.
Do you think that like one of their dads drives them to the movies?
I can't think about it.
Oh.
I can't because I think about it.
Do you think she spins on his dick?
Ben, this is what we're talking about.
If we go any further, then I am going to suggest that you make her spin.
She should spin on it.
Like.
It's not worth a spin on it, Ben.
This is what we do, Ben.
We don't have, there's not a different setting.
We're going to kill your thing, this precious thing you brought us.
All right, let's try it.
Let's hold it down.
Okay.
You got to go slow because this is the most terrifying thing you've done so far.
Yes.
Yeah, and it will be terrifying right up until the moment when you do it,
and then it won't be so scary.
Ben, I have a new mindset for you, and this should apply to everybody.
Fear is only applicable to things that are in the future that you can't figure out.
If you knew exactly what was going to happen, you wouldn't be afraid of it.
So fear only limits you if you're trying to guess the future.
If you are in the immediate, if you're in the here and now, you can never be afraid of anything
because you're just experiencing it as it comes.
And also, think about it this way.
You're, what, 16?
No one is expecting you to succeed.
Yeah, you're going to fail this time.
You're going to be super bad at it.
A lot of times you're going to fail.
So there is zero pressure on you whatsoever.
Like, this is the time that you try things and you learn what, you know,
what you do in relationships and what's best for you.
And so, man, you're just not going to be good at this first time, but nobody is.
Nobody's good at it at 16.
My first kiss was my freshman year of high school playing Spin the Bottle.
I received it from a acne scarred girl from the flag corps because this was a band party.
And it happened on the dirty floor of a kitchen in the west end of Huntington.
So, Justin, that is the sweetest thing I've ever heard. As long as you can top that,
if you can top that magic, that romance.
Don't remember her name, by the way.
Only vaguely remember what her first name was. Flaggy.
Flaggy the Kissmabot.
If you can beat that for romance,
then you are well on your way to a special moment in your marriage forever.
Justin, I think the only way that he could not top that romantically
is if during his first kiss he had beef jerky in his mouth.
Is that what I think it is?
It is.
Uh, goddammit, this is so adorable.
Can we just take a moment and just, like,
soak in this beautiful moment of the human experience?
Somewhere in Germany, Ben just said a lot,
God, I feel a lot less innocent and less special like someone who's drinking it.
Someone who's drinking my naivete and turning it into evil. So we hope that helps, Ben.
I don't want to give you any more-
Don't listen to us whatsoever.
Just don't do anything we say and you'll be off the races.
Do you guys know that in addition to it being fat beach con time-
Goddammit.
It is also the first show that we've done in the month of June.
I want to jump back real quick and say that there was someone on Twitter
that got really mad at us because last week's episode did not contain the monthly thing.
It was still May, dawg.
Hey, buddy.
How about, um, uh, okay, I picked it out ahead of time so we didn't have to do the list thing.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
Oh, good.
So we, in case people are unfamiliar, maybe you're just now joining us,
can you explain the premise of this, this, this bit you keep, uh, uh, uh-
Well, every-
Subjecting us to-
Every month there is important issues that everybody has to stay on top of.
Um, important things like, um, uh, Fireworks Safety Month.
June is also Fireworks Safety Month.
I would say maybe save that one for July when everyone uses all the goddamn fireworks.
You gotta get to them so early though in July is a thing.
June you have a whole month to be a dick about it.
So this month is, what is, what is this month, Griffin?
It is Celibacy Awareness Month.
Okay.
Our previous question dovetails nicely into this.
Yes.
I'm aware that somewhere someone is celibate and it brings me great joy.
Okay, uh, so how about Celibacy Awareness Month?
Don't make us switch to Celibacy Enforcement Month, my brother, my brother, and me.
Celibacy Awareness Month, that's one excuse.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Um, Celibacy Awareness Month.
Don't get your dick wet, my brother, my brother, and me.
That's pretty good.
Keep that dick dry, my brother, my brother, and me.
Just jerk it, you goof.
My brother, my brother, and me.
What ever happened to watching secretly from the bushes, my brother, my brother, and me?
Uh.
There's always dry humping, my brother, my brother, and me.
Hey.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
Because Jesus is always watching, my brother, my brother, and me.
Hey, were you aware that there are people who don't fuck?
My brother, my brother, and me.
Okay, a little on the nose maybe.
A little, sort of like, yeah, like a little direct.
But I definitely think that there's, um.
I don't care if you're married, my brother, my brother, and me.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
It's like that movie, 40 days and 40 nights, only 10 days shorter.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
It seems to be working out okay for babies.
They're happy and shit.
My brother, my brother, and me.
Oh, man.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
It's the only way to get super good at kung fu.
Celibacy Awareness Month.
It's true.
I thought it was true.
Oh, I think that was a good ender.
I think we cashed it on kung fu.
Yeah, good.
I was trying to come up with one about that involved the phrases
celibacy awareness life and Verne Troyer.
I decided to just let it go.
It works both ways.
One, he's going to die without knowing the touch of a woman,
presumably in the next couple of years.
And B, if his parents have been celibate,
that's one less thing we got to worry about.
How much time do you spend worrying about Verne Troyer?
Well, how much time do you spend with your eyes at regular human level?
You would be unaware of a Verne Troyer attack.
So like Verne Troyer Awareness Month.
Verne Troyer Awareness always, because where is he?
Right now.
Can we get a tag on him or something?
Can we?
God, this garbage can is heavier than I thought it would be stabbed.
He was in there the whole time.
You just got burned.
You got burned.
This phone booth seems surprisingly crowded.
I didn't anticipate stab.
Did that teddy bear just move?
Stab.
Stab.
My mileage has been really moderately worse than normal.
Stab.
Backseat.
The whole time.
We're not jibing him because of his size.
He is a despicable human being.
That's not a good person.
As anybody who's watched this in real life can attest.
Yeah.
I want to hear Gervin's last question.
But first, I want to say that nbnbam.com is a website that you can go to
and visit and experience for yourselves.
At nbnbam is our Twitter thing.
You can follow us.
We're almost to 4K.
And whoever is the 4000th will be the 4000th one.
Mr. 4000.
Yeah.
Like that movie with Bernie Mac.
God rest his soul.
Oh, it really brought it down.
Yeah.
Hey, Bernie Mac's dead, everyone.
Bye.
Bye.
Hope you liked our show.
We have a voicemail that we haven't talked about in a while.
Griffin, do you remember the number?
Do you listen to that?
I do not.
But that's only because nobody calls it.
So what's the number?
203-mbnbam1.
If you want to just talk like into my ear, like slow,
because I'm celebrating National Celibacy Awareness Month
and I can really use the ear company.
Yeah.
So get in touch with Griffin.
Ladies, if you want to give him some of the dirty stuff, that's cool, too.
It's just read recipes, but do it like softly.
Yeah, it's like sexy.
What else is going on right now?
We've got a live show in Cincinnati on Sunday, June 12th.
Our next episode is going to be live, so it may be a day or two late.
I'll try to get it up as quick as I can.
Hopefully that won't be an issue, but we'll get it up for you lickety split.
If you're going to be at the show and you would like a question read there,
you can send it in and make sure to put Cincinnati in the subject line.
Start sending those in now.
We'll be building the list pretty soon.
So if you're going to be at the show, let us know.
It's our first full-length live show, so we're going to need as much shit as we can.
So if you are like a regular Yaku contributor, like I'm talking to you,
Jacob Locker and Krista Whalen and Galea Ali, like my people.
It's time to really step up.
Little SARS gots to step up your game and just send it to me.
Like, send it to the MBM account every time you see one,
because I could I'm really going to need the help.
We love seeing people talking about us on the Twitter using the MBM hashtag.
Galea Ali, for instance, just said that she's disappointed that I'm on that like a dog mat.
Never made it into our lexicon, so maybe we can bring that back for her.
We just did.
Yeah, there you go.
Bethany is awake.
Joanna 11 has been talking about the show a lot.
We really appreciate Babylonian.
He's sort of a new convert, but he's been spreading the word to people.
We love that.
By the way, if you could just tell a friend to listen,
that's the only way we really expand the listener base is through you guys.
So just grab a friend, send them a link to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's MBM.
And before I forget, with the live show,
we're going to have some special live show only posters for sale.
Oh, fuck, yes.
So they are absolutely beautiful.
Make sure to bring some cash with you because we're not going to have like
any of them fancy, smancy debit card machines or whatnot.
And bring some extra cash because our buddy Felicia Gillespie
is going to be there selling her CDs and stuff.
And what if she's like supes funny and you need a physical reminder of that?
It's when she is when she is supes funny,
you will feel compelled to purchase her wares.
One or more of her wares.
After the show, we're going to Arnold's Bar and Grill,
oldest bar in Cincinnati and absolute best bar in the world.
So check it out.
Gonna get drunk with my dad.
It's going to be sick.
Yeah, it's going to be really low.
And hey, if you're if you're at E3 this week and you see me or Justin, say hi.
If you see Travis, holy shit.
How did you do that?
Because he's not there.
He's not there.
He's not.
It's not Travis.
That's Hideo Kojima.
It's someone doing Travis cosplay.
More than you'd think actually there.
Oh, we're going to have new T-shirts super soon.
So big things.
Storms, storms of Bruin.
Storm of merch is a Bruin.
And they still have some stuff on Level Up.
Yes.
Search for Level Up Studios and you'll see some of our,
I think the red T-shirt is still there.
So get up on it.
Also, we want to wish a hearty get well soon to Carl.
I'm a Bim Bam fan who is laid out in the hospital right now.
But Carl, you get feeling better and we're all thinking about you, buddy.
Griffin.
I'm ready.
Should I pull this comedy ship into dock?
Yes, let's dock it.
This one was sent in by Eric Nier.
Thank you, Eric.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Tim S, who asks,
is it illegal to push a live moose out of an airplane in Alaska?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is my brother, my brother.
May it kiss your dad.
May it kiss your dad, I swear on my life.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, keep your heart, Three Stacks, keep your heart, Three Stacks, keep your heart.
