The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
It's a new phrase, and good girls do you want it?
Just say, hey, I want it.
Just say, hey, I want it.
Hello everybody, and welcome to the island.
My name is Justin Island boy.
McElroy here.
Wait, hold on.
Let me just, I have prepared this for you.
Let me get it finished stirring it up.
I'll get that mint out of there.
Perfect.
I've prepared you this mojito.
Please take it.
Take a sip.
Make sure the mint's not too pronounced.
Sometimes my muddling gets away from me.
I'm still Justin McElroy by the way.
Hi there, I am Travis hammock time.
McElroy stop hammock time.
Take a little nap here.
I've strung this hammock up over the cool white sand between these two palm trees.
You can just slightly hear the crackle of a bonfire down the beach.
We're getting some roast pork ready for you.
But for right now, you just take a little nap here.
Hi, I'm Griffin, coconut bra, McElroy.
And hey, where'd my plate with a nice fresh sandwich on it go?
Well, it looks like a couple little hermit crabs got it and scuttling down the beach.
That's okay, little dudes.
You can keep that one.
Just listen to that fucking tide roll in.
So soft.
Welcome to our super chill, anxiety free oasis.
Welcome to my brother, my brother, me island.
A place where you can get away from it all for an hour and just fucking chill.
There's a lot going on in all of our lives right now.
And I mean everybody.
Some people are having babies.
Some people are about to have babies.
There's election stuff going on.
Hey, man.
Hey, excuse me.
I'm Gary.
And it looks to me like you brought some anxiety into the anxiety free episode.
So I'm gonna need you to put that in this basket.
We're just gonna push it on down the river.
There's a river and a beach.
So put that right in here now.
Visualize it floating away.
Listen, I know you got some stress from freak out juice in there too.
I need you to just barf all that up right here in this basket and down the river.
It goes.
And where do the baskets end up?
It's a mystery that will never solve.
It's like lost season five.
A gator just ate my anxiety.
Does that make me feel better or worse?
Feel bad for the gator.
Yeah.
Well, defo.
Yeah.
That's the anxiety.
That's the anxiety gator.
He's got the weight of a nation's woes upon his show.
His scaly shoulders.
He's a fucking hero.
Yeah, champion.
And we're not going to dwell on him though.
Don't look at the anxiety gator.
It's not your problem anymore.
Welcome to this super chill episode of My Brother My Brother and Me.
It's going to be so relaxing.
I'm going to do a Jimmy Buffett tune later.
Oh, that'll be nice.
Yeah, I think that'll be really nice.
That'll be up a little later in the show.
I want to know more about Gary.
I've got a kite museum.
A museum all full of kites?
Yeah, they're all my kites.
I bought them.
Well, that's great, Gary.
Nobody's going to try to take them from you soon.
I know they won't because that would give me anxiety.
And that's against the law here.
Is it just a room full of store-bought kites, Gary?
Yeah, I did some decor on some of them.
Cut little holes in fun shapes.
Now they don't fly so much anymore, but that's okay.
These aren't flying kites.
These are display kites.
You don't have any fighter kites like Doug Plenty's dad made?
You're right.
I don't have...
See?
Damn it, Justin.
I don't have those.
Damn it, Justin.
I'll get you one later so don't even worry about it.
Oh, nice.
That was close.
We'll get to our music a little later.
We got a lot of fun, easygoing questions for you.
It's just going to be a real chill episode here at the island.
So kick back, relax.
I'm going to routinely just smell my baby's head.
Just smell that baby's head.
Take me away.
Take me away.
So here's our first question.
I go to college and my school has a shuttle system to help us get around the campus.
It's not real efficient, but it beats walking around late at night.
Tonight was really busy with lots of people getting on and off and I made the mistake of sitting in the very back.
The shuttle driver forgot about me and general social nervousness has stopped me from speaking up.
Now the shuttle driver parked and went into a Popeye's.
I presume to pick up his dinner and he has left me sitting in the Popeye's parking lot.
I am locked in and oh my God, I have no idea what to do.
Do I politely cough when he comes back?
Do I wait until other people come on and then leave with them?
Please help me.
This has gone on for far too long and I'm terrified I'll become the shuttle ghost.
Please help my God help meek and marooned in Maryland.
And there's a postscript.
P.S. this is not the first time this has happened, but last time it was just with the McDonald's drive through.
This may be the most lose lose scenario.
Like lose lose lose lose lose lose scenario I've ever.
I don't know if it's that I'm just a little bit like sleep deprived.
I don't know what to tell you.
Yeah, first of all, the good news is you're at Popeye's.
So you can go in there and you can get some of that good chicken.
Also another sort of follow up question here is your bus driver Elliot Kalin?
Cause if so, just like hang out with him.
Ask him the good things to get. He's got the good records.
Oh I have an idea. I have an idea.
Move up to the front seat of the shuttle and be waiting patiently.
And when he comes back just say, did you grab those biscuits for me?
And now it's on him. Now he's forgotten a whole interaction he had.
Can you imagine Travis? You are this shuttle bus driver.
The end of a long shift dropping off ungrateful college users.
And then finally dropped them all off.
Time to lock this baby up and go in for my favorite part of my whole week.
My Popeye's chicken meal.
My doctor says I can only have one Popeye's chicken meal per month or else I'll instantly die.
So I'm really going to savor it.
So you get it and you have it and you savor it.
And then you go and you open up the bus that you think is empty.
And some smart aleck is just like, hey where's my...
You would have a lot to feed the anxiety gator after that particular run.
What do you do? Do you cough in the back and he turns around and just throws his Popeye's at you?
I'm coming up with solutions and none of them...
The problem I keep coming up against is this.
If you alert him to your presence, he's going to feel obligated to drive you somewhere.
And his food is going to get cold.
And that's no good.
And he's going to resist that.
I'm worried about you indirectly murdering this man.
That the shuttle driver is going to come back and you're going to go ahem.
He's just going to die.
Yeah, he'll die.
That's my main point of concern right now is how do you not kill this hardworking Popeye's man.
Here's an option.
When he returns to the van or it's a shuttle.
When he returns to the shuttle, just stand up very slowly in the back and start slow clapping.
And then when he's like, excuse me, you say congratulations.
And he'll be like, what?
And you'll say, well, I am a secret writer.
I am paid by the shuttle company.
I've been evaluating your performance all day and you have done one hell of a job in all my years.
I've not seen better service in a shuttle driver.
So congratulations.
I'm going to be telling HQ if you could just drop me off at HQ, which looks like a dorm, very much like a dorm at your leisure.
Feel free to enjoy your chicken.
You've earned it.
But if you could just do that for me, I'm so proud of you and you've done such a wonderful job.
I can't.
I've decided that this person might like shuttle ghost is the appropriate thing because you live in that shuttle now.
But you do other people.
Yes.
Other people, though, if you find yourself in this scenario, I would say that this is one of the few scenarios I can think of that out like outreaches anxiety and social anxiety.
You have to say something before it gets to this point.
Like you have like if you're the last one on the bus, you could just say, like, drop me off anywhere.
Don't wait until you're already parked and locked in the shuttle at the Baba's.
It might be too late.
I yeah, maybe too late for you.
I take Umbridge with the post script of this bus driver driving their bus through a McDonald's drive through.
Because if I was working a drive through and I saw a fucking bus pull up to the to the, you know, the burger zone, I would just throw myself in the deep fryer.
There is no way I want to handle an order that convoluted for everybody on the bus.
Do you think it was the same shuttle driver both times?
But if you're like a ham, they're like, damn it again.
God, they've still been on the shuttle. They haven't figured out a way to get get off yet.
Can I read you a food related who?
Oh, is that like a who? Yeah, because it's got an exclamation point.
We don't always we don't always enunciate that.
So I'm thinking we just sort of backload.
We make the word bottom heavy a little bit more and just pick Yahoo.
It's in its fucking death throes. And I just wanted I want to party with Yahoo before it's gone.
Mm hmm. This one was sent in by Pete Carl to maybe the second.
But like he specifically mentions in the email that he wants to be called PK to which is a very good name.
And also very kind of drug.
Thank you, BK to it's by Yahoo answers user.
Oh, it loaded for a second.
Sarah Sarah asks, How old do you have to be to eat out at a restaurant?
My friends and I, six of us in total are planning to go out to the mall.
There are restaurants in the mall and we're wondering if we're allowed to go out to eat at legit places.
For example, Lazy Dog Cafe Bistro.
I hope there's not an actual place on Earth called Cafe Bistro.
That's crazy. We're all we're all 13 years old.
If we can't go to restaurants like stated above, does anyone know what sort of places we could possibly go to?
Now, I know you're hearing this and you think, Griffin, this is a stupid question.
This is a stupid question for dumb people.
But there's a right answer to it in there.
Because if you're a host or a hostess at an outback steakhouse and a fleet of six year olds walks in.
How's that going to how's that going to shape up?
How's that particular encounter going to break down?
I feel like it's interesting to me because had they said it's me and one friend, I would have said 13 is too young.
But for some reason, six 13.
I'm wondering if there's some kind of like conglomerate age rule of thumb that if your combined age is older than 75 but younger than 200, that group of people is allowed to go to that thing.
It has never been my experience that the more tweens in a flock, the better socially it is for everybody else around.
I guess as a patron of the restaurant, if I looked over and saw two 13 year olds having a meal together, it would be weird.
But if I see six of them, I'm like, oh, they're celebrating something.
Maybe if you see two 13 year olds eating together, they're filming a scene for Boy Meets World at the end.
Or they just got out of their first date at Prince of Egypt and they were just wowed by a beautiful historic tale with music by the Osmonds.
And they just wanted to get, you know, a blooming onion and then maybe go home and see what happens.
Prince of Egypt has inspired me, honey.
Let's go home and see what happens.
So it's six 13 year olds looking for a place to eat?
Let's abstract it.
You're the host of the Olive Garden.
Justin, I know this is a fucking dream for you.
Finally, I rose up.
Rose up the ranks.
You are a host of Olive Garden.
And let's stick with two because I like the idea of it being two of them.
We have important things to discuss.
I'm just going to say a number and we'll walk it up, okay?
Two five year olds walk in and they're like, spaghetti please.
Spaghetti pizza.
That makes my night.
I'm going to be on the nightly news, I think.
In the local news, like, you'll never believe it.
These two five year olds had a spaghetti date.
I can definitely say, like Disney has taught me, that the gap between two dogs coming in for spaghetti and five year olds, I definitely don't allow between that, though.
You're either two dogs or five years old.
It's obviously adorable, right?
This is a fucking business.
This is a place of business.
And they're unaccompanied?
They are unaccompanied.
These are just two five year olds.
Pa-scappy peas.
Do you want spaghetti and peas or are you just like, do you have money?
Like, you guys are not as concerned about these two five year olds as I am.
How did you get here?
How are you getting home?
Griffin, I just don't know how I would look them in their tiny eyeballs and turn them on.
No.
Go away.
Go away hungry five year olds.
Here's a handful of Andy's mints.
Never come back to the Olive Garden.
Okay, then let's walk it up.
Ten year olds.
Two ten year olds.
No.
No.
Hard no from Travis.
Hard no.
You're turning them away?
Yeah.
Not without parents.
What if they just got off work?
They just want to relax.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
I don't know.
They can't go see a James Bond movie by themselves.
I don't know if they could eat by themselves.
You will need to cut their-
I'm definitely going to need to see the green.
You're going to need to flash that wad before I let them in.
But that's discrimination now.
That's going to be hard.
Okay, I'm rethinking the five year olds.
Okay, thank you, C.
What if they're like, I'll have the Thai peanut noodles, please.
And you say, do you have a peanut allergy?
And they say, I have absolutely no idea.
Let's find out together.
I'm a real bad ass five year old with a leather jacket, by the way.
Do you know the number that makes the big ambulances come?
Just in case I do have an adverse reaction to the peanuts.
Do you know the big, they're big loud scary cars
and they put sick people into them to go to the Hopsiddle.
Is that right?
Am I saying that correctly?
I've written down here just a list of all of my food allergies
just to make sure there's no confusion.
This is just like a squiggle, yes.
Yes, that's exactly right.
I don't see the issue here.
Do you take American Express?
Oh, and I had an oopsie, if you could send someone out.
I did have a Duke.
And also, this is very important, I did see a fire truck today.
So excellent.
Thank you very much.
I'll await my dish.
I will need you to cut it up for me.
What if two 150 year olds just sort of slug slop their way,
their skin masks in through the door,
leaving a trail of just spume behind them.
Two fit nurses bring them in in wheelbarrows,
just dump them onto the chair.
Just sort of filling the wheelbarrows with their self crud,
and they say,
Be secretly pleased.
Travis, this one's for you.
Would you sit these two 150 year old wheelbarrow people?
I would, Griffin, but not together.
I would find them like a table with an empty seat,
two tables, I guess, with an empty seat each.
And I would just kind of force a Tuesdays with Maury kind of scenario.
Oh, for a five year old to one 150 year old.
I liked the scene in Tuesdays with Maury,
where the small boy had to dump the spaghetti onto the 150 year old Maury man,
and then he just sort of, he sort of sat there and he, Mitch described,
in graphic detail, how the spaghetti sort of just sort of formed into his 150 year old sloppy body.
It just kind of was engulfed by his skin bag,
and it just kind of was Maury at that point.
Excuse me, waiter.
When you bring the spaghetti, could you bring a lot of it in a small pool?
Yes, I believe it's the Patch Adams.
I hate to go off menu, but it's my life dream to sweat.
Could you serve that?
A swimming pool full of noodles?
And the five year old leans over and says, I'll have what he's having.
Yeah, that's good.
You guys hear that?
I didn't.
I actually didn't.
Yeah, because my Skype is breaking up pretty bad right now.
I just hear like three seconds of silence.
Yeah, it's weird.
Oh, that's so strange.
I want a much!
Squad!
I want too much!
Squad!
Squad!
Hold on, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is the anxiety free fucking island party zone, Travis.
Let's go all in.
I can't yell, it would wake my baby up.
That's causing me anxiety.
Squad!
There it is.
I said it with a smile.
Is that better?
A little bit.
You can tell that you want to hear the difference?
Squad!
Squad!
Justin, what violent delights do you have for us this week?
Well, who's, first I should say, who's hungry?
I actually kind of am right now, but I bet that's not going to last.
That's not going to impact this.
Is it going to be a fucking kids pool full of spaghetti that a 150 year old man can just
kind of like slop around in?
No, but slop's the right word because we're headed over to Carl Junior's or Hardee's
depending on where you are.
And we're just going to keep on driving.
We're going to pull in and we are going to order the Budweiser beer cheese bacon burger.
No.
No.
Do you know, do you know how when you have Budweiser and cheese, you think, good.
But when I washed one down with the other, I really liked that combo.
Well, good news.
Hardee's is there for you.
It's like this is the equivalent of like it's a fresh new salad, but we washed it with toilet
water.
Do you know how they're known for pioneering in the quick service restaurant industry by
regularly releasing creatively charged industry first premium burger offerings?
Well, according to this press release, they have done it again with the Budweiser beer
cheese bacon burger.
Now, this is served on a brioche style premium bun.
Brioche style bun, not brioche, but there's something in that style.
As inspired by the artist formerly known as brioche.
It's so far from brioche, we can't legally call it brioche.
We'd really have the bread boys breathing down our neck if we tried to pull that shit
again.
But do not sweat it.
It is premium as fuck.
This is a primo fake brioche.
This is the same like fast food restaurant that like put potato chips and a hot dog on
a hamburger, right?
They'll put fucking anything on a hamburger.
Yeah, they're crazy.
At Hardee's.
But listen, this is a new burger with, and this is piled high with thick cut applewood
smoked bacon.
Nobody knows still what applewood is and what that does to the flavor of the bacon, but
it is applewood and it's got Swiss cheese on it, but the cheese don't stop there.
It's topped with Budweiser beer cheese.
Why did they double cheese this one?
Can I ask who the chef was on this project?
Yeah.
Who ate this without cheese and was like, not cheesy enough.
Yeah.
But it's a hot and creamy cheddar cheese sauce blended with the classic taste of America's
number one full flavored lager.
So when you drink Budweiser and think that getting drunk is fine, but I'm really here
for the flavor.
I wish it was in a non-alcoholic cheese.
They've got you covered.
Are you sure that the cheese, first of all, I'm still obsessed with this layer of Swiss
and its purpose.
I think it might be load bearing.
I think it may be a low-carb layer of Swiss.
It sounds like they had another burger laying around and they're like, okay, we'll just
serve this.
No, we've already served them.
Are you sure, Justin, it's non-alcoholic cheese?
Positive it is non-alcoholic cheese.
That would really turn this whole thing around for me.
There is one situation in which Budweiser is your choice and it is when you are at some
sort of tailgating party and that's it and you don't want to be there and you want to
just sort of have like a cool friend in your hand.
I actually think that's the Budweiser slogan, your choice of beer when you didn't get to
choose the beer that would be there.
It is football happening and you didn't really get a say in it, have your cool friend in
your hand.
But by the way, this version of it, there's no alcohol.
So what are you fucking doing?
And it's cheese.
I got Brad Haley on the line.
And it's cheese.
You can't even drink it.
And also it's cheese this time.
I got Brad Haley on the line.
He's the chief marketing officer.
What's he sound like, I wonder?
Carl.
Our new Budweiser beer cheese bacon burger combines the best of what we do with Budweiser
beer cheese sauce.
Applewood smoked bacon and caramelized onions on the char-broiled grass fed all natural
beef patty.
It really is a beer and burger lovers dream come true.
Hey, beer and burger lovers, dream bigger here.
Hey, hey guys, can you dream bigger for me?
Can you do that for me?
Burger and beer lovers.
You're dreaming of Budweiser and fast food cheese on your burgers and beer?
Here's what I want.
Here's a dream I have.
This will be a fun, crazy, weird, like a hamburger stout.
That's crazy.
That's a dream.
A burger that it sounds like maybe someone actually spilled some beer on and then it
sat long enough for it to no longer be alcoholic.
It's maybe not the dream I have.
I don't know of any beer lover that's like, you know what, my dream, like if I could just
have Budweiser but not, not alcoholic and in cheese form.
Now.
That's my dream.
Now.
Is there more quotes?
Are there more tasty quotes?
Because I have an idea.
It is being promoted with a documentary style new ad campaign.
No, fuck that.
See, this is my idea.
Fuck that ad campaign.
Okay.
I think instead of doing the patented Carl's commercial, that's basically just like a,
you know, a woman on a car and the burger is getting just all over.
Same vein, but control F find Jessica Simpson, control R replace with one of the Budweiser
horses, one of those Clydesdales and this Clydesdale is up on a Ferrari and he is just
smashing this fucking thing to pieces cause he weighs two tons and he is not supposed
to be up there.
But also he is just, he is just ruined with this beer cheese just all over him.
And he's enjoying, I think he would enjoy the burger, but there is no way like he is
just slopping and he just like smashed a hoof through the windshield and is freaking the
fuck out.
Yeah.
And then the last second of the commercial they cut to the Budweiser frogs and they're
like, now we're horny.
Yeah.
That makes some sense.
And then they fuck right there.
And they have a baby and then they lay eggs and then out of the eggs emerges the Carl
Jr. slash Hardee's Budweiser beer cheese bacon burger.
Loving it.
And then the three frogs are on the car and they're eating the burger, but the hot cheese
falls on them and burns them to death.
And they say, what a decadent, decadent way to die.
They take turns saying the words in it.
I should have mentioned that Josh Halpern, who's the vice president of small format
and on premise for Anheuser-Busch was complimenting the Carl Jr. and Hardee's partnership.
And he says, Carl Jr. and Hardee's are known for pushing boundaries and they truly share
Anheuser-Busch's commitment to quality ingredients and authenticity.
Could we leave some boundary?
Did we, when we started pushing boundaries, did anybody stop for a second to think what's
on the fucking outside of those boundaries?
And maybe we put those boundaries up for good reason.
I have put some weird shit on a sandwich and no one's ever been like, no one's ever
said that Travis, he sure does push boundaries.
They've just said that Travis, he sure has made some sandwich monstrosities in his time.
He's a human wreck.
I mean, not anymore.
Now I'm someone's father.
Yeah.
Can we do a quick question?
I think we've got time for one more quick question from the Money Zone, yeah?
Yes, please.
I own several calf high socks as a result of various circumstances.
However, as a big boy, my calf high socks quickly become very uncomfortable ankle socks.
I get to the bottom of my sock drawer and I start wondering if garters can be everyday
wear.
How do I ensure maximum ankle comfort?
And that's from trying not to have a cow over my calves in Montana.
I'm curious what everybody's sock choices are because I have evolved several times in
my life and I'm curious where you're all at.
And now you were into those tall, tall gold toe shits for a while.
Used to be into that.
Then I got into like the sneaky ones that are real small and peep just above the shoes.
Shh, shh, shh.
Hello.
Don't tell.
Don't you tell.
Tell you what I love.
Black ankle socks.
They're like black.
They're like your traditional white sock, only black.
They go with nothing.
Yeah.
But they also don't ever get dingy and gross looking.
I fucking got a subscription to foot cardigan, not a sponsor of the show, just a proud member
of their community.
Every month I get a fun new sock pattern.
I'm like rip Taylor down there now every day.
But when it's time for something a little bit more serious, I have a 16 pack, a very
short, very sexy Puma socks that Rachel got me at Costco and I'll wear those and they
breathe.
And then if I have to like leave the office and go to the basketball court, it's just
an all day thing.
It's an all day wear.
I bought a bunch of dark socks right before we filmed our show because Maximum Thorn, Maximum
Fun founder.
I am Maximum Thorn.
Maximum Thorn.
Maximum Fun founder and style guru, Jesse Thorn, told me, quote, I don't want to be
on TV wearing white socks.
So I bought a bunch of dark socks because that had not even injured my, I had no idea,
I guess, the white socks.
And I'll tell you the fun thing about starting to wear dark socks more is like they probably
look the best when you're wearing that outfit.
They're the least durable, I think, style wise.
You took one article of clothing away and you are a disaster.
This is true.
You switch to shorts because it gets a little hot.
Oops, you're a mess.
You're a total wreck.
I really, I have a few pairs of the fancier patterned socks like Griffin described and
I love them.
I love them so very much.
But my chosen footwear is cowboy boots and it feels weird to have that kind of flashiness
and no one can see it.
It just feels like the most narcissistic sock choice to put on a flashy, like I have a pair
I got from Loot Crate, not a sponsor of the show, just a big fan, that are Sonic the Hedgehog
themed with rings all the way up.
Oh, well, don't wear those.
And when I wear those.
No, don't wear those.
Don't wear those.
But that's just a secret for me.
But that's just a secret for me.
But now everybody knows, Travis, I'm going to assume you're always wearing them.
In my mind, when I picture you holding my beautiful new niece, you're wearing those
fucking socks and I can't take you seriously.
I'm someone's father and I accidentally wore a pair of Deadpool socks to the NICU because
it was what I grabbed out in the dark out of the drawer.
Now no one could see them because I was wearing long pants, but I knew, I knew I was someone's
father holding, wearing, holding a baby, wearing some Deadpool socks.
Maybe also I wore the Sonic socks on a different day, but that was on purpose so I could have
my own little Sonic secret just for me.
Did somebody else at the hospital look over and like look at your feet and look at you
holding a small human life and then you looked at them and smiled and just said, gotta go
fast, chili dogs.
And then I slammed with my free hand, because one hand had the baby, I just slammed the
chili dog in one, like one mouthful with my left hand.
And then Dr. Robotnik came in and turned all the babies into bad robots.
And then you had to fight them all off.
Man I love that little blue bastard.
I wish it was real.
Gotta go fast.
God I hope that's what heaven is like.
Going fast.
Let's go to the money zone.
We talked a lot about socks here today and those are fine, but they don't touch your
dick.
Unless you're the red hot chili peppers I guess.
But I want to tell you about me undies.
It doesn't just touch your dick, it touches your genitalia you got down there.
Whatever you're working with, me undies will cover it and keep that your secret.
Imagine a world where putting on a new pair of underwear isn't just fresh, you're stepping
into a better day.
It's the first thing you put on, the last thing you take off unless you're nasty.
Why would you settle for anything less than the best feeling underwear on the planet?
I do want to say, sometimes I wear me undies as socks but that's just because I have a
very random personality and a very random like South Park humor.
I do it but only because I have a very polished floor and I like to really slide around on
it.
Yeah, it's fun.
That modal really, really go.
It's a real slickery fabric.
Yeah.
It's a special fabric made with the best in class raw materials that are scientifically
proven to be three times softer than cotton.
For a limited time, our listeners get 20% off your first order but you got to go to
our special URL, meundies.com slash my brother.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother right now for 20% off your first order.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
Do you guys feel like, we don't do a lot of evening recordings, do you guys feel like
I'm a really good voice tonight?
I feel really, I'm articulating things really well.
I feel really good about the instrument.
It's funny you say that.
I feel like my throat is full of Anheuser-Busch beer cheese.
Yeah.
I actually-
I just feel like mine's rough and raw.
I coated mine in that good wet cheese because I went to Carl's Jr. and I said, hold the
burger please, just a small cup.
Just take one of those free water cups, fill it in with-
And cheese me.
You know that golden stuff I crave.
When Carl wants to please me, he's only got to cheese me.
Yeah, they will actually put it on fries for you but they crumble bacon on top of it because
why not?
Health is why not.
Health.
Oh yeah.
Living.
That's-
Living life with health in it.
Not even a lot of health but a normal amount of health is why you wouldn't, I think.
Oh, and self-respect is the only other reason.
That's the only other thing.
There's just health and self-respect is why not to do it.
As a new dad, I would like to tell you guys about the most important thing in the world.
Sleep.
I was trying to come up with a joke there but you see, I'm so sleep deprived, I couldn't
think of anything funny to say right now and I'm going to keep this anxiety free.
Sometimes I'm sleeping two hours at a time and then feeding for an hour, feeding the
baby for an hour.
Damn, that's a hungry, thirsty baby.
Yeah, well there's a lot of diaper changing in there too and unwrapping and rewrapping
of various onesies and swaddlers and stuff and then we sleep for two hours and I tell
you what, if we weren't doing it on a Casper mattress, I don't know that we would get
to really just savor those two hours like we are now.
You know, but it's easy to lay right back down, fall right back asleep thanks to our
Casper mattress.
Casper is a sponsor of the show this week as well as we're still working on that episode.
It kind of got thrown for a loop a little bit because-
On our Halloween special.
Yeah, well we weren't anticipating a surprise baby and it kind of threw off the schedule
a little bit.
But Casper is an online retailer of premium, obsessively engineered mattresses and the
best thing is they're a fraction of the price of what you would pay at a big box mattress
store because they keep their overhead down and it's all done online and when you open
it up, it's real fun.
They ship it to you in a box that looks way too small for a mattress to be in.
You open it up, it kind of fooms out.
It impresses everybody.
It's really cool.
Everybody that you've invited to your mattress unboxing, which should be all your closest
friends really, but they have a risk-free trial and return policy so you can try sleeping
on a Casper for 100 days with free delivery to the US and Canada and painless returns
and the mattresses are made in America, which is always great if you love America like I
do.
Pricing is about $500 for a twin size mattress and $950 for a king size mattress, which is
just a great deal for anyone who can tell you who's ever shopped for mattresses before
and my brother, my brother and me listeners can get $50 towards any mattress purchase
by going to Casper.com slash my brother and use the promo code mybrother, all one word
at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
We got some junk.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I read the first personal message.
Oh no.
We're going to get there.
I do want to say we have not had any openings for Jumbotrons lately.
It's because we just got all full up, but Maximum Fun is going to open up some slots
in 2017.
So if you do want to get a message on the show, those slots are going to open up on
Monday, November 28th.
That's Cyber Monday at noon Pacific.
So the spots are again going to be in 2017.
It's weird even like having to like say this.
It's so humbling and great that folks are just like so excited to get messages on the
show that they are, they have filled us right the hell up for like a whole year.
But if you want to get a message on the show in 2017, again, those spots are going to open
up Cyber Monday, Monday, November 28th at 12 noon Pacific.
Justin, you want to read this message since you were goofing on it?
Yeah, I just got a kick out of, and this is, this is adjacent to what you're just discussing.
This is a message for Kate and it's from Leslie and it says it was between this or another
haunted doll this year.
Happy birthday, Kate.
That's, it's like a D with 15 O's after it.
And it just says, she'll know.
So hopefully Kate appreciated that.
Maybe that's her ASMR.
The reason I laughed is because the preferred timeframe for this message to air is it says
next recording April 8th is, was her birthday, but I totally get if you can't make that date
happen.
Yeah, that is putting it mildly.
Y'all, we used to joke about like we're closer to the next birthday than we are like a month
closer to the next birthday than we are the last one.
So maybe since we're selling all the Jumbotrons for 2017, like all at once, maybe they can
like be shuffled in such a way where that would be closer.
Yeah, I don't know.
That sounds like a nightmare to try to do.
We should force Stacey to do that, but I have it when you, when you buy a Jumbotron, date
it for two that like say happy birthday in 2018 and then they'll all be hopefully early.
I have another message here.
This one is for smart, sexy, science lady.
And it's from your bearded bus driver, Bo, maybe boy or maybe just Bo.
I don't know.
They say to smart, sexy, science lady.
Hey, I want to just say how much I love you lady.
I may not have the weekends off anymore, but we will try to find time to do things together.
Like listening to all of the McElroy Brothers content.
Thank you for making my life easier and more enjoyable.
Hopefully I do the same for you.
Now this does sound like they know each other.
I'm going to bring you home some good, good Popeyes later.
By the way, there's a ghost in my bus again and I'm going to need you to call the priest.
This does sound like they know each other and this is definitely like a relationship
message, but there's also a world in which this is a bus driver who has seen like a sexy
science lady come on his bus and usually has the weekends off so he works Mondays,
but now they've changed his schedule so he doesn't have weekends off anymore.
And this is like his missed connections, like this is his ad.
A woman that, that this person is attracted to walks onto the bus with two Erlenmeyer
flasks full of fluid and it's like blue and like green science fluid.
And so he just knows what her field is.
And she looks at them a lot and goes, hmm, and then mixes them.
And there's a little like poof cloud that comes out of the top and she quickly jots
down her observations.
That's fun.
Hi everybody, I'm Justin McElroy.
And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
Every week we release a medical history podcast called Sawbones.
We go over the history of the dumbest, grossest, weirdest stuff humans have been doing to each
other since the dawn of mankind.
But it's a funny show.
But it's also so disgusting and stomach turning you won't believe it.
But it's also like funny.
It's funny.
It is the wildest, grossest, nastiest stuff you can imagine.
It's a real hoot.
It's called Sawbones and we release it every week on iTunes, wherever podcasts are sold
and right here on MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah, when are we going to do this musical number?
I'm wondering when will be the best time to just sort of deploy that.
I got a great Jimmy Buffett tune lined up.
I think maybe the end of the show or maybe.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
That sounds good.
What if we forget though?
Probably won't.
Probably won't.
What if we do though?
So this one was sent in by Brandon Giles.
Brandon Giles.
Oh, hey.
Friend of the show, the fam.
Brandon Giles.
Thank you, Brandon.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
They're anonymous and for good reason because their fucking question is, which is the baby,
the egg or the sperm?
Guys, how is this not like a chicken or the egg, cake or pie, diaper or bucket situation?
I think it's obvious.
The sperm is the baby and the egg is the house.
This is a good theory.
Travis, can you talk for maybe like 10 whole minutes about the science behind what you
just said?
Well, Griffin, let me explain.
I'm pretty sure the egg stays in one place once it settles into the uterine lining and
it's the sperm that's active and mobile and finds the egg.
Yeah.
So it seems like the sperm is active before the egg is.
So it seems like it starts there.
Yeah.
If you're going by motility or mobility, I can't remember which one's which.
Do you just want to also point out that you just had a baby a couple of weeks ago and
I'm expecting-
The doctor explained all this to me.
In less than a month.
Yeah.
I guess I just sort of wasn't paying attention about the whole birds and the bees process.
I just know it's a lot of fun for me, right?
Right, fellas?
It actually wasn't until I held the baby for the first time.
But the doctor kind of leaned her head around the corner and went, by the way, it started
with sperm.
And she just kind of ran away.
Yeah.
It was very confusing.
This was sperm first and it lived in an egg house.
Bye.
And the doctor's coat she was wearing, she was actually wrapped herself in toilet paper
in a reasonable simulacra of a doctor's coat.
It was weird.
It was weird.
And I had never seen her before and I was at a 7-Eleven.
Uh-huh.
I have another theory.
And I'm sorry, Dr. Travis.
No, please.
It's the inverse theory.
And again, theory, because all of this is unprovable.
I think the egg might be the baby, but it's not active yet.
And then my sperm is like a magic spell that just brings that egg to life.
So you're saying that the egg is an android and the sperm is like the wish that Haley
Joel Osborn makes on a star in AI, basically.
That's one good way of thinking about it.
Topical.
I mean, crack open an ordinary chicken's egg to make a French toast or some sort of
late night egg meal.
And what's in there is just like a chicken that didn't quite get the start it needed
from the magic spell cast by his daddy, Nut.
That's really good.
Well, until you said that last part about Rooster Nut, but other than that, that was
actually a really well-posited theory.
Think about it.
So I guess another way you could think about it is the egg is kind of like our body.
And that nut is sort of like the soul.
Our bodies are just these fleshy exosuits.
And this is the theory, guys.
This is it.
This sperm just kind of climbs inside the egg.
And the sperm is like the alive thing.
But then the egg grows and grows and grows and becomes like the body, the baby body.
But that sperm is in there sort of controlling it from within like the little funny alien
from Men in Black.
Okay.
So you're saying basically that the egg is sort of the Jaeger and the sperm is the Charlie
Hunnam.
But you're saying basically that's right, right?
That's basically it?
Yeah.
I mean, any way you want to shake it.
Any other sort of mech-based thing you want to reference.
Yes.
I'm out.
I'm out.
Okay.
No, we think there's Voltron and then the five.
I was going to make a Duran Lagan poll, but I think there are listeners of this show
who would know that stuff better than myself.
You guys have to agree with me, right?
Because every other sort of thing you could think of is complete garbage.
And really, well, I may have just sort of unlocked life if you think about it.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
Well, I'm trying to remember how Look Who's Talking starts.
Yeah, what's the first shot?
And I'm pretty sure the egg lands and you can hear the egg think like, I'm just a body
waiting for a little soul.
And then a sperm shows up.
And I think he's got a fun accent, but I won't do it because I can't do accents.
And he says something like-
Hello, hello, hello there.
Pull this in.
I'm a nut.
I'm a little bit of soul, aren't I?
And then he just like swims in.
And then I think it's Bruce Willis.
I think it turns into Bruce Willis.
Yeah.
And I think the whole movie, like, I think Kirstie Alley keeps looking at the baby and
going, all this because some sperm animated my egg.
Yeah, Justin-
And she says that line a lot.
Yeah, a few times.
It feels like Travis and I might be doing most of the scientific heavy lifting on this question.
Just wanted to get your-
Yeah, it's weird.
Just wanted to get your beak wet.
Yeah.
No, I feel like you guys have really covered the scientific end of this.
I can't help but take a more religious approach.
So I'm kind of abstaining because I don't want to step on any toes.
I mean, abstaining would be a more sort of religious approach to the process.
But I'm-
I think I'm just-
I'm looking at my body now.
I'm talking, right?
I'm moving my hands.
I'm gesticulating.
I'm gesticulating.
All this is just coming from some coming.
That's inside me and it's just like, it's fucking pulling the tendons and the strings
and it's like making me think the things I think.
Wait.
Hold on, Griffin.
Are you pitching like a meet Dave scenario in which the sperms are controlling your body?
Travis, Travis.
Do not get it twisted.
That is explicitly what I'm saying everybody is.
Everybody's just a sperm suit?
I mean, that's a gross way of thinking about the beautiful miracle that is life and existence,
but yeah, Trav.
Yeah.
Here's a question-
You want to move on from this, huh?
You don't want to spend another 13 minutes sort of unpacking it?
I have one I want to read really quick just to give a quick thumbs up or down, a quick
am I good clearance.
I pranked a guy in college.
I replaced his protein powder with Nesquik and he said I was dead to him.
I found out we're in the same wedding party.
If I don't go to the wedding, am I good?
That's from Pranks Men in Charleston.
I know you wanted to get through this quick.
We have to acknowledge the fact that this is a pretty bonkers prank to pull, right?
It's one of those pranks where it's like, so what?
You changed the beverage to a tastier beverage and also there's fucking literally no way
that this person would have known that they were not drinking protein powder anymore.
Yeah, his roommate was going to the gym and cranking it, shredding it, goes home to give
his muscles what they crave and they just get that bunny milk.
That's not doing them any good.
The problem is if you miss one serving of the protein powder, all your muscles deflate.
That's what they don't tell you.
It's a razor's edge kind of regime.
This guy deflated so much you could see the sperm pilot inside of him.
You could see his 21 sperm pilot.
I know you wanted to move on, but I have to think that your body grows, right?
Your sperm pilot probably grows too, so it's like the size of a big snake in you.
Is that what your fucking spine is?
Holy shit, you guys.
It's your skull and your spine.
It makes sense.
It all makes sense.
It looks like that nut.
It just looks like the nut if you think about it.
It looks like that nut.
Your brain is there and your brain would be in the skull of the sperm telling it how to
swim good to get in the egg.
It all makes so much sense.
It makes a lot of fucking sense.
You've cracked this nut wide open.
They have to go to the wedding, right?
They still have to go?
Oh yeah, you have to go.
You have to go.
This is the most innocuous prank ever.
Don't sweat it.
Don't sweat it.
I went to a Halloween party with my friends.
I didn't know what to expect at this party, and when I got there, I saw that there were
finger foods, which causes me pretty severe anxiety.
What?
I smoked far too much weed and discovered just how serious my anxiety is.
I had an emotional breakdown right there in front of the spinach dip.
Can I come back from this and hang out with my friends or do I need to leave town?
And that's for too high for this shit in Oregon.
I don't want to rag on this person's anxiety.
Obviously, this is a fucking anxiety-free zone.
I could see why you would get, you know, freaked out.
I would request that we not put the finger foods into the anxiety basket and send it
down to the anxiety alligators who probably enjoy it for a change.
I'll be the anxiety alligator for this particular anxiety, by which I mean, pass that dip down
Griffin's way, because, Jesus, I'll destroy it.
Oh, man.
Do we need to record, like, a comedown?
Let me say this.
I will say this to you.
This seems so innocuous to me that I actually think you might have given your friends a
gift with this, because this is a fun story of that time one of your friends was so high
that they cried over spinach dip.
That's not – I don't know that there's a friend of yours right now who's like,
I fucking hope they never show up again.
Like, it's not like –
I hope they always show up everywhere.
That was amazing.
Yeah, right?
Like, that's a fun story of, like, I remember there was one time in college they got so
high they cried over spinach dip.
That's funny.
They're not so drunk that you, like, wrecked their car or, like, set their couch on fire.
Sure.
But when you're – I don't know how to explain this to you, boys.
When you're sailing on the SS Good Cush, you can do some stuff sometimes that may seem
kind of whack to the outside observer in a way that makes them sort of, like, a bit
uncomfy.
I don't know if you – I feel like I have a similar story to this where one time I was
at a party and I was the first mate of that particular voyage and I saw an ex and it gave
me a real bad, real bad feelings that I didn't –
An ex?
Yeah, I saw an ex that my big sperm didn't really know how to handle and it's, you know,
dubered up state and so my friend, who was the one who invited me on the boat, so to
speak, he told me to grab onto the back of his shirt and the two of us ran from the party
just squealing and giggling to the point of tears while he sort of quarterback, like,
snuck me out of the party, like, through the fucking front porch that everybody else was
hanging out on and I remember thinking the next morning, like, I need to shoot myself
into space because I live on the fucking sun now.
I'm the king of Mercury now because I can never, ever face any of those people ever
again.
But they don't know what was wrong with you.
They probably knew what was wrong with me.
At the same time, like, I don't – no judgment if I see somebody who's, like, on that ship,
on that rocking and rolling boat and I see them having a bad time.
I don't hold it against them.
It's just I get where this person is coming from and I can see them not laughing it right
off.
I feel like you have to – before it gets to a judgment zone, I feel like everybody's
seen the – like, if you party and your friends party, I feel like you've – probably everybody's
seen their friends over party.
Everyone has partied too much.
I feel like you don't enter the judgment zone until it becomes, like, oh, they're
the one who parties too much every single time.
Like, five or six times of crying at spinach dip or a big X apparently.
Or one time of you physically fighting the spinach dip.
Like, you show up to the party on the good cush and then you see the spinach dip and
you immediately fight it before anybody can enjoy it and it's homemade.
And you just keep yelling, I'm strong to the fennec.
Yeah.
And just, like, over and over again.
Yeah.
Folks, that's going to do it for us on our anxiety-free cruise.
We hope you enjoyed it.
Did we do a good job?
I hope you did.
I feel like it was pretty chill.
I think it was a pretty chill zone.
I would like to pitch something.
Okay.
I would like to pitch, like, a 20-second bubble in which I can say something that may induce
anxiety, but then Justin, you're going to swing it right back with your musical number.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, let's save that for, like, literally the end of the show.
How about that?
You got it.
How about we finish this, we hop on the bubble, and then we get right back on the boat real
quick.
Okay.
That's the anxiety thing that's coming later.
No.
It's so fine.
I do want to say maybe this will help.
I have a daughter now.
Oh, yeah.
Yay.
And she's doing great.
Her name is Barbara Lee McElroy.
We're calling her B.B. Lee, and Lee is her middle name.
It's not like a hyphen or anything.
It's Barbara Lee McElroy, B.B. Lee.
She was born on October 25th.
She was a little early, but she's healthy, and she's home, and everything's going great.
And Teresa's doing great.
Can I ask you a question?
I've got to ask a question.
You have a beautiful baby, and congratulations.
But which was the baby, the egg or the sperm?
Do you know?
Because you're right up against it now.
I mean, I really thought it was the sperm, but now I'm convinced that the sperm is just
piloting the egg.
And that really makes the most sense to me, Griffin, I've got to tell you.
But B.B.'s doing great.
Teresa's doing great.
We're all doing great.
You know, and I do want to say, I have been deeply moved by everybody on Twitter and Facebook
and everywhere that has just, since she was born, poured out so much support and love,
and everybody has been so happy to see pictures of her.
And we spent a little time in the NICU, and it was very scary at first, and knowing that
there was just this, like, squad of people, this, like, huge, like, support network of
people telling us, like, hey, it's going great.
You guys are great.
Everything's going to be fine.
She looks beautiful.
Like, all that stuff.
It meant the world to us.
So we just want to say thank you for everybody who has supported us during the beginning
of this new phase of our family.
Thank you, everybody.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song instead
of Parchoff, the album putting the days to bed.
Thank you very much.
It's a good song.
Also, I want to thank Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org and just click on all the shows you see there.
You're going to love more than six of them, I bet.
Also, we have a bunch of other podcasts and video projects that we do.
You can find all those at McElroyShows.com.
Did you guys announce the February release date for the My Brother, My Brother and Me
TV show on CISO?
We did.
We talked about that last week.
But yeah, February, what is it?
21st?
23rd.
23rd.
23rd, of course.
That is when the MBM Show is going to come out on CISO.
We've seen some rough cuts of the episodes now, and guys, you're just going to love it.
It's going to fix everything.
Yeah.
It's going to fix it all.
Justin, did you talk about you and Sydney going on the JoCo cruise?
Yeah.
Well, I mentioned it on Sawbones.
I didn't mention it here.
We're going to be, Sydney and I are going to be on the JoCo cruise.
We're going to be, it's going to be in March, I believe.
We're there with a ton of cool people, John McColton, obviously, Will Wheaton, our buddy
Hal Loveland, Night Vale is going to be there, a ton of, Gail Simone, like a ton of really
cool folks, Matthew Weiner, Creator Mad Men, like it's going to be a really cool thing.
If you go to JoCoCruise.com, you can get a cabin and come on the cruise with us.
It's going to be fun.
Yeah.
Okay.
Is that it?
Real quick bubble.
Hey, everybody.
It's Travis.
Go vote.
Please, God.
If you're hearing this on Monday or Tuesday, go vote.
November 8th is mine and Justin's birthday.
This is our special birthday episode.
All we want for our birthday.
If you're a registered American voter and you have the ability to go vote, go vote.
I will also say, because it is my birthday, go vote for Hillary Clinton because I want
her to win and I definitely don't want Donald Trump to win.
Please do that for us.
Yes.
Anyway.
Go vote.
Now, wait.
Wait.
You hear that sound?
Please go vote for Hillary Clinton and pop.
That was the anxiety bubble.
Oh, we're off of it.
That means we're back on the cruise.
Do you guys want to go ahead and sign off and I'll just play this out?
How's that sound?
Yeah.
You guys want that final yahoo?
Yeah.
This final yahoo was sent in by level 9000 Yajujujujujubbb.
Thank you George.
It's Yajuranser's user, Becarella, who asks, Alice in Wonderland 2, book I'm writing.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Boat drinks.
Boys in the band ordered boat drinks.
Visitors scored on the home rink.
I'm going to do a mashup, keep going.
You guys are ruining it, there's no way to do this, this is super-
This is a nightmare of a sink, you're ruining everything.
No, you're doing great.
I'm going to start over, if you keep going I'm going to start over.
You don't have to go home, but you can stay here.
Boat drinks, Boat drinks, Boat drinks, Boat drinks.
I'm trying to shut up. I'm trying to shut up boat drinks. I'm starting over. This is beginning again boys in the band ordered boat drinks
boat
You're ruining the solitaire rounds. Okay. There's no rounds. It won't sink properly. Okay. Yeah
You're right boat drinks. Oh
Okay, boys, I'll start again, but I'm trying to do an egg boat drink
It's not gonna sink. It's gonna sound like garbage starting again boat drinks drink boat drinks boys in the band ordered boat
Oh, Jay one don't use too early
Drink
Rob
I'll just take off my headphones. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine
Jimmy Buffett is a garbage artist
Go print out a Jimmy Buffett song lyric chart
Fucking garbage slow. Could you be me somewhere?
I'm gonna split all of Jimmy Buffett's songs on a jump drive and flush it down a toilet here on earth in space
I just can't hear this pick the century and I'll pick the spot. This is all fair use Jimmy James. I know I
Should be leaving this climate. I
Got a verse but can't rhyme it. Oh
God about
Morning. All right. Now now you guys can sing all of this part cuz we're just gonna repeat, right?
All right. I'm gonna skip the last verse. Here we go. Pete. I gotta go where it's warm. I gotta go where it's warm. I
Gotta go where it's warm. I
Gotta go where it's warm
I gotta go where it's warm. I gotta go where it's warm
Go keep fucking singing
Is that it everything seems to be wrong and resolve the chord progression
I gotta go where it's warm
Drinks, I'd you resolved it boat drinks
Boat, please resolve it
Drink
Oh
My
My and my anxiety is through the fucking roof right now
You're just worried about JBC with us. Well, don't be he's a very chill dude. He's not in it for the money
The first ever Chicago podcast festival is just around the corner
Don't miss your shot to catch max funds own bullseye lady-to-lady and minority corner performing live for your entertainment
Split single was just added to the bullseye lineup in addition to the previously announced and amazing Duane Kennedy and Andre Royo
Bullseye and lady-to-lady are November 17th and minority corner is November 18th
Visit maximum fun org and keep the live shows column on the right side to grab your tickets right now before time runs out
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists-owned listeners supported
