The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
You've got 55 minutes to record this episode before Justin has to leave and go hang out with
his in-laws. At the- where am I going? Did you guess the West Virginia Pumpkin Festival? Because
that's the fuck exactly where I'm going. That is exactly the fucking pumpkin festival destination
that he is attending. Did you- do you think I will see the biggest pumpkin in the country?
No, it's not a national pumpkin festival, but I will see the biggest in the state, and that's-
that ain't- that ain't- ain't too shabby. Ain't too shabby. Tony Almeida, hand me that gun,
I have to shoot this pumpkin. Boop. Welcome to our Pumpkin Slash 24 Tribute episode,
episode 75, My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your sleepiest brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sickest brother, Griffin. Guys,
54 minutes, let's cram some fucking comedy into this shit. I work in a law firm, and I just
received an all-office email inviting me to my workplace's first ever Rockin' Halloween Bash.
Let me try that one. Let me try that one more time. Rockin' Halloween Bash. My office has thrown
some memorably awkward parties in the past, but this one by far promises to be the worst.
We've been told we need to dress up, and there's a special award waiting for the least enthusiastic
party attendee. Oh god, this is a recipe for success. But my already planned Halloween costume
is definitely not office appropriate. I need some suggestions for quick, inexpensive costume
that I'll pass the muster at this godawful party and help me avoid being pinned as the office party
pupa. I'm a lady in my mid-20s, if that helps narrow down the ideas at all. Well, she definitely
doesn't want to be the party pupa. Yeah, no. Or the party koopa. Get out of here, crazy shell.
Folks, when you ask a question like this, you gotta tell us what celebrity you most resemble,
because otherwise I can't picture in my head. I can't tell you a good costume. Let's start off by,
what do you think that inappropriate costume is? What do you think she's going as? I think it's
somebody humping an animal. Have you seen? What? You think she's just gonna walk around with an
animal around her like on a belt that she's gonna be like, get it? I'm fucking this dog.
That's my costume. It's probably that, it's probably that kid, that lady that John under
baby. That's not appropriate. Damn it. I thought of that costume idea and I thought it would be
so clever. And apparently I keep thinking of clever things like, but they're not clever.
Everyone thought of them first. What about this? This occurred to me in, in listening to the
question. Do you have an, a buddy at your office, like a good friend that you really trust? Cause
if so, give him a micro recorder, uh, with your voice on it and go as an invisible person.
Um, and then you just go Travis. That's brilliant. Yeah. That's really good. A lot of, a lot of
hard work to sync up that audio, but we need what you need is a webcam with some sort of three G
dongle where you can watch the action and respond appropriately to your process. Racist jokes.
Um, here's, here's a, here's a cheap costume idea. Easy to do that. Uh, my, my friends in college and
I have did on occasion was when we would need a last minute costumes to go to like a Halloween
party or whatever, we were all broken and, and, uh, nobody prepared for anything. So we would,
uh, all switch clothes and come as each other. I like it. It's a, you mix it up a little bit.
You try, you know, as, as much as you're, cause people at the office will get a kick out of that.
I'm Gary. Do you get it? Like I'm dressed like Gary. I'm Gary. Gary would have to wear some
pretty distinctive garb though, wouldn't he? It would have to be like Gary's ducky tie,
Gary's cummerbund that he always wears. Man, Gary's a fucking monster. And that's going to
be horrifying. You need to cut off Gary's whole face. I live inside Gary now.
Could I go as Dilbert or is that like too meta? Holy shit. Office Halloween party.
Can you go as sexy Dilbert? I'm slutty Dilbert. I'm sorry. Do you, do you mean Dilbert?
The way that tie curves up. Don't mind if I do those tufts that his no nose and very,
very underspoken mouth. Lack of pupils. I dig that. I'm into that today. His ambiguous shape.
Yeah. It's like a, it's like a, uh, some sort of squash, like a spaghetti squash.
I'd love me a bulbous, noseless fictional character. People at offices love, oh my God,
you know, you should go as Kathy. People in offices love Kathy. They put a, put a Kathy
comic up a Ziggy. They love that. You could just go as office supplies and sitting at your desk,
just start attaching stuff to your clothes. And it's like, I'm the office supply cabinet.
I'm, I'm Rachel from accounting that used to steal things all the time. Hey, uh, Katie,
I'm going to take this a step back. I'm going to, um, I'm going to shake this dream and bounce up
a level and say, don't go to something called the rock and Halloween bash. Just like life rule.
Unless Dick Clark is going to, unless they're going to wheel out Dick Clark's fucking cryo chamber.
That's a hell of a zombie costume. I'm actually Dick Clark.
There's nothing they can threaten you with. Cause what are they going to do? Fire you?
Cause that's going to be an awkward lawsuit afterwards. Like why did they fire you?
Because I wouldn't go to the rocking Halloween. Here's the thing you guys,
I've never worked in an office before, but I have watched every episode of the U S office
and parties like these is when you find your true love. Yeah, right. So maybe you should go
Katie and meet that special, special someone. You'll go and you'll meet Mary Steenburgen.
She'll be the one that you've been meant to be with your whole life.
And now you make a special connection and Oscar will be there
from the show, the office. And Kevin's always getting into some Kevin, Kevin. What's he doing
with those M and M's get out of here. Crazy kook hubby, uh, Griffin, you want to Yahoo?
You know, I do. I got a few of those. I saw some people on Twitter blowing you up.
They blew my shit right up with the answers. You said, can I get dozens of them? And they
literally gave me dozens. Baker's Ian follows close BC Evans, blowing you up.
Uh, this one was sent in by frequent contributor Gali Ayali. Thank you, Gali. It's by Yahoo
answers user Emily, who asks, is it illegal to go to class in a high school? You don't go to,
I am homeschooled and recently went to class in my local high school just to see if anyone noticed
they didn't in North Carolina, U S by the way, uh, additional details. I live in a town with
200 population. Everybody, my age knows me anyway. I've been in public schools before. I was just
curious if they would notice or not. I think a better question is, uh, why didn't her parent
teacher notice? Like imagine that homeschool should have a pretty strict attendance policy.
Uh, Darla, Darla, Darla. Absent. Okay. Well this is going to be an awkward class period. Mommy's
getting drunk. Why? First, I think why would you want to go to go to high school? Why would you
question like, why would you just slip in like, Oh, high school? Yeah. You know, you can enroll
in that shit. If you don't like homeschooling, you can be like, I'm just going to go to school
school, you know, school, school. Yeah. Not for play play school, school, school. Can,
can she audit? Is that allowed? Can she just audit a class? I'm sure that in, in reality,
in like real people world, all of these things are fine that you could be homeschooled, but there's
like an advanced chemistry class you want to take or something. But what you don't get to do is just
like Jane Goodall slip in and see what it's like amongst the gorillas in the mist. Like you have to
like sign up for this shit. Yeah. You have to go to the thing and because at some point the teacher
is going to look over and say, and you are, why are you here? Why are you standing in the doorway?
Um, I see you. I don't want to, I'm about to knock both homeschoolers and my own father and
I apologize to both parties, but there's gotta be a point in your life when you're homeschooled when,
for instance, my dad once dumped kitty litter down a drain in our basement and then the kitty
litter got stuck. And so he tried to wash it out with bleach and then almost died because of the
fumes. Those two things killed him. I don't want my dad to teach me chemistry. Does that make sense?
There has to be a moment where you look at your, your parents and you say, no, I don't want to
learn this particular thing from you. If I ever have kids and I ended up homeschooling them,
homeschooling is going to become a euphemism for lying school because it's going to be like,
how does the sun work? And I'm like, oh, that's a good question. The devil's inside of it.
Next question. Are you just go to school in Texas? There's another option.
Hey, you know, that's true.
Just the bad parts where you hate people. I don't know. I know there are smart parts.
So if you're listening and you're upset, I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the other
ones. I just don't understand how you have to be very, very bright to be a teacher. And I'm not
saying that everybody who listens to this show, your parents are stupid. I'm just saying that
they're teaching you literally every bit of information you're ever going to know. Maybe
you want them to like super, super on point with their brain smarts. Like, and I don't think that
everybody would possess that, right? Does that make sense? Like I got taught by like 60 different
people coming up. Yeah, right. You got their wisdom. You like a, like an educational Highlander,
you suck their wisdom out. I sucked up the marrow of their brain bones. And now I'm,
I'm the well-rounded person I am today. If it was just my dad, like saying like,
Hey, you would be a clone of, of our dad, which I pretty much pretty much already am, but,
but like a brain clone, like a brain clone. Yeah. And I think Griffin, you're selling yourself sort
of, if you don't think teachers are making up most of it. When I was in high school,
that was the smartest I was ever like the knowing the most things I was ever going to know. And then
after that, and now as an adult, I know barely anything. I think teachers are just struggling
to keep their minds wrapped around the one subject they have to be an expert of because
they're adults and they can't remember as many things as they use. I used to know everything.
I used to be the smartest man alive. I'm willing to bet that they are reading one chapter ahead
in the book every week. You think? Yeah. Yeah. I think they assign a chapter and then they go
home and read it too. And they're like, Oh, that's some interesting shit. I should talk about that.
I went to a bar trivia night the other night and I got there and they were like, all right,
all the questions tonight are going to be geography based. And so what I did,
cause I was there with friends was I just got drunk as drunk as I possibly could as fast as I
could. So I can have a reason for not contributing anymore. They'd be like, find Zimbabwe on a map,
like I can't. What's a Zimbabwe? Find the toilet. I'm so sick. Uh, I'm sorry that,
that you can't go to high school and, and muddle with your peers. Um, can I go to high school?
Yeah. I can just kick in the door to a high school and be like, hi, I'm Jeremy. And I have
in no way an investigative reporter. My dear friend, Jason is a English teacher and I just
walked in that high school that he teaches at and they let me talk to students. So I always think
it's a troubling circumstance when you drive up to a high school and there's like that guard shack
security tower and they just kind of go, go ahead. Yeah. Go ahead. You're good. What are you doing
here at your job? Yeah. What do you think the parameter is that they, that they kick you out?
Like I am here to not touch kids. I don't know that shouldn't even come to your mind.
Why are you bringing this up? Why did you even bring it up? Hey guys, I'm an avid believer in
the philosophy of waiting as long as possible to wash a pair of jeans for the sake of preserving
the color in them. I will often go a few months without washing them. The jeans I wear are usually
dark in color. So they do not show food and or coffee stains, nor do they noticeably smell from
a distance. My main fear of doing this is that those who see me on a day to day basis and work
setting will start to notice that I'm rewearing my jeans every day for weeks on end, or that I am
a slob or a hobo. Is this a weird thing to do? Are my fears justified? That's from dirty denim
in Detroit. That was my favorite Bruce Springsteen album. Hey, hey buddy. You're a slob. No Travis.
Hey, hey. No, here's when you, when your qualifiers are, they don't noticeably smell from a distance.
Yeah. And they're dark so they don't show coffee or food stains. Not that they don't have coffee
or food stains. Well sure, a man's gonna spill coffee on his pants. That's, that's gravity. Well,
but third is, a few months? Like you're changing seasons with these pants? What I need you to do,
Travis, is I need you to go and watch the denim episode of Put This On. You're supposed to wear
those jeans out until they, until the smell is so strong that you can't wear them. Wait, so okay.
Is he saying- You're like putting on your jeans and trying not to retch.
Is he saying that like he, do you think he means he wears them like in a month three times spread
out over a month or he's like every day for a month? I think these are his off-court buddies
and he's wearing them every day. I mean if you go into work in those. Yeah, he's also wearing them
on the court. They're off and on court buddies. Yeah, they're just his constant buddies. They're
just his constant buddies. They're his ever buddies. There are many ways to preserve- Have
you worn those ever buddies jeans? The new brand? They're nice. They have so many pockets. Your ass
looks terrific in those ever buddies. They have little inserts for Glade plugins that you can
just like slide right in there and then the smell isn't noticeable from a distance. They have a
Teflon weave. It's pretty nice. It really catches the stink and holds it in. But man, watch out
when you take it off. There is a visible cloud. You know, I hear people using those instead of
security deposit boxes now. You just put them in your ever buddies and- This is where I keep
my stink and my bouillon. In my jeans vault. There are just so many better ways to preserve
the color of your jeans. Do this. Try like a cold wash. No, like A, wash them inside out because
denim's only dyed on the outside. Wash them inside out in a bathtub of cool water with a little bit
of color protection, uh, detergent in there. And line dry them instead of tumble dry because that's
going to help. And, uh, put a little bit of vinegar in there when you wash them. It helps,
uh, lock the dye in. Not a lot. Is that for real? Yeah, for, yeah, for real. I didn't know that.
So yeah. All my pants are covered in paint. So I really, I don't know. Travis doesn't own a pair.
I swear to God, he's not making that up. Travis works in a shop and all of his, his pants are-
That's good. That's good and specific. That's good and specific. Yeah. You know, a shop,
like a workshop, like a shop. Travis is in business. A set shop. I work with my hands.
He's, all of his pants are covered in paint and holes. And like, I can't go out to dinner with him
in a nice place. I actually went and bought one pair of jeans and it has remained untouched, uh,
by paint. And it is like the Holy of Holies in my house. We're like, I must know where those pants
are at all times and that they aren't touching in my dirty shop pants. Travis and, Travis and I went
to America's favorite water park, the Great Wolf Lodge in Cincinnati. His chunks had paint on them.
I don't know. I can't understand it. I don't either. Did you paint, did you paint in your
chunks, Travis? I paint in everything. When I started in the shop, I had such like high hopes
of like, I will have one pair of paint pants and one paint shirt. And then flash forward two years
later where I'm just like, fuck it. And I just, I just pour paint right onto my shirts. I buy them
and then just, it's like flash dance pulls a rope and paint covers them completely. Um, I, you are,
okay, listen, I don't know how much your jeans cost, but if, but if you are so worried about
the dye in your jeans and that is more precious to you than people thinking you as the stinky kid,
which they do, I'd wear cheaper jeans. I'd rather be, I'd rather be cheap jeans Charlie
than stinky kid Steve. Right? I agree. Get those, hey, right out to Target. Get those $20 Mossimo
jeans. They're fine. They're, you know what? They're just fine. Why don't you just get instead
of expensive jeans, more jeans and get like a wider rotation. Double jeans. Get them double
jeans. Have you worn, have you worn double Everbuddies? Have you worn those double jean
Everbuddies from Gap? It's basically like an airlock system. They cost $300,000. Your dick
will suffocate. They are airtight. They keep the last remaining sample of smallpox in there. That's
three of my Everbuddies. More or less it's like an iron lung from the waist down.
I'm not even sure that we understand the concept of Everbuddy jeans anymore.
Nope. Nope. Pretty sure we don't. And one more thing before we move on. I don't want to call
you out on this man, but this isn't a philosophy. Like this isn't the kind of thing that you base
your life choices on. Like this is something that like, I don't think we should wash the jeans.
It's not like you're starting like a temple on this. If your jeans smell like hot rotten wood,
then like I think people, I think that's going to inform a lot of the decisions in your life.
I feel like this isn't like when someone's like, man, your jeans smell real bad. And you're like,
oh, I believe in the towel of gene smelly. Well, that can be, that can be a thing. And I feel like
you're totally wrong on this. I feel like that if you say that word, that sentence out loud
to somebody, a potential love prospect, that they will leave you, you know, and then that will
inform even more decisions of your life. Like in Facebook where it says like religious views,
you put smelly jeans. Yeah. I don't wash my jeans to preserve their color.
If you want to, if you want to really sell this, um, build a little, put a little, uh,
portrait of Matthew McConaughey somewhere in your house, like some votives around it and stuff.
Um, does he not wash his jeans? Oh, crusty one. You are the crustiest.
Does he have crusty? He's wearing nothing but crusty dungarees. You know it. Have you?
Oh, have you worn the Everbuddy crusty dungarees? The double, the double jeans. They more or less
stand up on their own. Double crusty. They got three legs. The only way to get in them is to
be lowered in them. Cause they're so, they're just rock hard. They have to be fused onto you.
Yeah. Thanks everybody. They're worth every penny though. Worth every penny.
How much do you guys spend on jeans? What's the, what's the max? I had this argument with somebody
the other day. I don't spend more than like 35 bucks. 20 bucks jeans. 20. I know I'm going to
destroy them is the thing. Like I know between wearing cowboy boots and like working in the shop,
I'm going to destroy these pants in about a month and a half. Yeah. I, uh, Justin, I don't,
I don't like to spend a lot cause I tell myself I'm going to lose weight so soon. They won't fit
for very long. I'll say, I'm going to be too skinny for these soon. Not going to be this husky forever,
but I still shop in the Husky boy section. Can you shop in the maternity section?
Well, no, I mean, I'm not that, oh, you're saying like, you can send them up. You can send them,
you can cinch them up, cinch them with a web belt. You know, you know, you don't have to worry about
that with, with everybody's. Yeah. Everybody's are, are, they are molded to your body and you
can never take them off. Do you guys remember in back to the future too? He pulls the thing and
goes, I'm like sucks out. I want that. Why don't we have that technology? Everybody technology.
Yeah. Cause it was a movie. I mean, we don't have like hoverboards. It was a film. It was a
fictional. You realize that wasn't a document. That wasn't a docu drama. That was a, it was a
fiction. It was a piece of fiction. Yeah. It was a fiction license. Uh-huh. Do you know what a
nonfiction is? Um, it was a not, it was not nonfiction. It was fake. It was total fake
Hollywood bullshit. Okay. So it was fake like Benjamin Franklin. Okay. Back it up. Okay.
If you see someone on money, they're real. Okay. Got it. He was really one of our, our earliest
presidents. Benjamin Franklin. If you see somebody on, if you see somebody on spin city, then it's
fake. Uh-huh. Does that make sense to you? So Michael J. Fox is not a real person. Okay.
Are you saying, Griffin, are you only saying that people projects that involve people
with Parkinson's disease are fake? Is that a nonfiction? That's cold. That's cold.
This whole thing has gotten away from me. Yeah. I, I think you're the one who maybe needs the word
class on words. Whenever I talk to my friends about a cartoon, a comic game, manga or anime,
they seem interested in it. What's up? No, you didn't. You read all those words.
You did such a good job representing our, our, our Japanese ties. Manga and anime. Is that correct?
Yeah. That's proper. And they seem interested in it. I offer to lend them to discuss the media.
The thing is that from time to time I give them stuff. I get it back. They never touch it.
At this point, I'm considering if I should stop lending stuff out all together,
but I really do want to share the joy slash hate of these things and discuss it with my friends.
What should I do? That's the lost lore lender of Los Angeles. Can I, can we take a moment and say
that everybody is getting very good at those nicknames? Yeah. Everyone's doing a much better
job. I think that sometimes people spend more time coming up with the clever nicknames than they do
the question. And I love it. Don't get me wrong, but I would like to think that people said, they
go, I have this really important pressing question, but not yet. Not yet. I know what my name is going
to be. Let me say something up. I think that this question asker needs to be a little bit better
detecting when people are being polite. Yes. That's what I was going to say. You need to take a long,
hard look and say, are they really interested? Cause if all you talk about is Gundam when you're
hanging out with them, then eventually like they're just going to, they're going to,
they're going to say, yes, Gundam. Yes. That sounds pretty cool. Okay. If you spend, uh,
like 30 minutes laying out the whole plot to Gundam Onoriki B7 party down,
that's the one about the vitamins, right? Yeah. That's the one about the vitamins that work at
a catering service. Yeah. It's, it's really good. It's, I mean like it's underappreciated,
but if you spend 30 minutes relating the plot to them, they're not going to look you dead in the
eye and say, well, that sounds like incomprehensible bullshit. They're going to say like, sounds like
some real made up rigamarole. Sounds sounds pretty good to me. Pretty good. And so I would say good
rule of thumb is if they ask to borrow it, let them borrow it, but don't be like, Hey, remember
that thing we talked about yesterday that you said sounded kind of cool? I brought it in today. Here
you go. They don't want it. It's also really hard to, you got to stop thinking of, I, I want to get
them into the things that I like and try to think of what, what they will actually enjoy rather than
just trying to convert them because it's good. There are many things that are good that the
people in your life won't care for. Like for instance, I watched Breaking Bad by myself
because I know my wife would not enjoy it. It's very grim, but it's still a good show. I mean,
I enjoy it, but it's not her taste. That's how I was with Twin Peaks. Twin Peaks is an amazing
show, but I know that that is not Teresa's bag. You know, I actually learned this lesson from
my buddy Brent, Brent O'Floss. When we were in together in college, I would come to him,
like when Family Guy first came out and I was sitting there going, dude, you're going to love
this. Check it out. And he more or less politely refused to watch it because I was so passionate
about trying to get him to do it that he kind of pushed back naturally. Well, way to go, Travis.
Well, but then two years later, he started watching it on his own and came back and said,
you're right. Family Guy is awesome. And like, but that's the story of how Brent started watching
Family Guy. People have been writing in and asking us for the origin story of watching Family Guy.
And there you have it. I saw him hear the whole story. You can check out my blog,
how Brent started doing stuff. The next issue of the Brent O'Floss comic is good.
It's going to be about his origins. How did Brent start scrapbooking? That's what I want.
You got a scrapbook. Scrapbooking is awesome. These pictures are everywhere.
Check out these wallpaper samples I found. Check out this floral print. I got a really fun,
really kicky foam font that you can stick on to just say like winner or home run or top
prize or blue ribbon or science fair or any wedding day, day before wedding day.
Baby's first gum, whatever. Baby's last gum.
Put that gum down. Science fair.
Never again. Dear Bubble Yum, your product choked my baby. I would like a refund and I will put
your response in my scrapbook. I also think not to in any way put down these media forms at all,
but as you move into things like manga, anime, comics, that kind of stuff, you are less likely
to reach a wider audience. Yeah, they're pretty esoteric and that's fine because the people that
you are going to find who are going to be enthusiastic about them are going to be
doubly, doubly enthusiastic. But maybe there's a difference between like, oh, you've never seen
the Star Wars movies. Check these out. And like, here's Vampire Love Diary, Killer Samurai 7.
Yeah, because a lot of the, a lot of the, especially with things like manga and anime,
there's a lot of cultural touchstones. You really need to be indoctrinated in
before you, you know, you can really get the most out of it. And it's kind of hard,
I think, for some people to just sort of get on board with that whole aesthetic without,
you know, really growing up with it and being introduced to it a lot.
If you want to do geeky, start out with something easier.
Like Scott Pilgrim is a good place to start with manga.
No, that's not. Yeah, that's a good idea. See, there you go. Get them, you ease them into the
queues, the cute little story about a guy who loves a girl and also loves poutine and work from
there, build from there. But I think good rules wait for them to ask to borrow it.
What is a manga? And you say, oh, friend, come to me. This is Evangelion.
I think it's also just like anything else where if you are too forward, if you're the guy who's
trying too hard, like if you're the guy that brings something in anytime anyone talks about it,
you're going to become less and less popular. So make them want it.
It's annoying. What you do is you show them where it is on your shelf and say,
it's over here if you want to borrow it. It's over there if you want to borrow it.
And then if they want to borrow it, fine, God bless. But yeah, don't pressure them because,
yeah, you're right. I mean, it's a weird situation to have something that someone
lets you that you don't really want to read or watch. I did that with Griffin's novel for
about a year. I just gave it back eventually. Wait, what? Sorry? You said you loved it.
Are you talking about Grant Andrews Kid Cop? I read the entirety. No, I'm sorry. Grant Andrews
Kid Cop, I loved very much. I knew I was going to love it. It was one of those, you know,
when you meet someone right away, you know, this is something special. I felt that way
about after the first three pages, like I read them. I think we can all agree that
Grant Andrews Kid Cop is lightning in a bottle. Yeah, it is lightning in a bottle.
I wanted to savor it. I'm reading a page a year. You know, you have to be careful with lightning
in a bottle because if you let it out, you get struck by lightning and you die.
I hope Travis said it's not lightning in a bottle because I'm already working on
Grant Andrews Teen Cop. He goes around patrolling the area for teen crimes on his jetpack.
I'm just glad, Griffin, that you're working on these sequels in a timely manner.
Oh, I will be on my deathbed working on Grant Andrews 20 something cop.
I'm looking forward to Grant Andrews Cop because he will get to that point.
And then crazy old Mr. Andrews in the house down the lane.
If we get the crazy old Mr. Andrews, Griffin's going to really have to start doing some clean
living to get to like one hundred and thirty seven. Yeah, I am looking forward to Grant Andrews
meets Paul Blart. Yeah, that's the crossover that I'm doing with the team.
Man, what about Grandpa Cop? That's a nice little turn of phrase.
You like Grandpa Cop? I like Grandpa Cop because, well, I mean, that's pretty much
that's pretty much every Clint Eastwood movie that's been released since the early 90s.
Yeah, pretty much. I want smothers! I know. I know you do. Where's the justice?
No, you gave away your Werther's. You gave them to everyone. I had a bag full of Werther's.
Yeah, I know. I miss my dog. Which one?
You've had many dogs over the years. I'm putting your baggy jeans under arrest. My gun is heavy.
Come back here. I'm three feet away. I'm just standing. Come closer.
We're making fun of Clint Eastwood now, and I don't know how I feel about that.
Let him come for me. Let him come. He will come with a swift breeze of death.
Do you guys want a Yahoo? Yes, please. Are you sure?
I'm positive. This one is to get riled up. Is that it?
Yeah, I want you to get psyched. This one was sent in by Kristen Travers. Thank you, Kristen.
It's by Yahoo Answers user. Oh, fuck. Sayamara, who asks, this one was asked by Psyduck, the Pokemon.
He asks, can you list the reasons? Psyduck, Psyduck. That's what he asks. That's all he says.
That was Justin's Pokemon impression. Can you list the reasons why a man cries?
As many as possible be appreciated. Like a full list? I think he wants something comprehensive.
Well, if it's me, number one at the top of that list is cartoon robots.
Cartoon robots are the saddest, whether they be toasters or Wall-E's, Iron Giants.
Yeah, Iron Giants. Iron Giants is the saddest.
And then a subcategory of that is any Pixar movie where somebody learns a lesson.
I'm gonna cry in that. Cartoon robots is right, because only men cry at those.
Pixar movies, I feel like, is more universal. I've seen females cry at Pixar movies.
Right, but women cry watching Up for the wrong reasons. They don't know that Ed Asner is a robot.
Yeah, they didn't understand the subtle hints and clues that his character is actually a robot.
I mean, really, they're all robots.
Look how big he is. He's two feet tall. You ever see a person like that?
Yeah, he's like a little robot. He's boxy, too. He's cuboid.
He was a little servo-bot.
A servo-bot with a dead-dead wife.
When something falls on their privates or something with velocity collides with their private area.
I would say if anything falls on them in general.
No, because I can take a blow to the head from like an umbrella that falls down on me.
But if that umbrella somehow squarely falls on my penis, then the tears, that's what makes the tears.
Hey guys, straight up, I'm going to call you guys out.
What is the most random weirdest thing that you've ever gotten choked up over?
There is a statement that says,
There is a Staples commercial where the dad is at the store and he says,
we have to buy all these supplies and they're for the kids and his wife's a teacher.
And she's like, well, the school doesn't have enough money this year.
And then she sees him at another register later,
even though he was upset and he's buying some supplies for the class.
I want you to know, I actually just got choked up.
Just listening to you tell about the story, that's beautiful.
I'm getting worked up again, the Staples commercial.
Any more? Now that I'm an old man, any Christmas commercial?
Literally any Christmas commercial.
For me, it's that Zales commercial, or no, it's Kay, Kay Jewelers, where they're in the cabin.
And the girl and the guy are standing there and the lightning strikes.
And he holds her and he's like, don't worry, I'm here.
I'll always be here.
And he gives her the thing and I cry because that woman's about to be murdered.
She's about to get murdered in the cabin and all of her friends and family will never see her again.
I got a call bullshit because I opened my heart with that Staples commercial revelation
and you went for a gag and I had to call shenanigans on it.
You want to know what commercials I've cried at?
This is an embarrassing deep dark secret.
Katy Perry's Firework.
Fuck you. What? Wait, hold on. No more questions today, kids.
Hold on one second, Travis.
Was it because the song played right after you won the season finale of America's Next Top Model?
No, wait, you weren't on America's Next Top Model.
I was having a particularly rough, sleepy day.
I was at the end of like a hundred hour work week, like I often do.
And I just was singing at the top of my lungs, but saying, I'm a firework.
And it was particularly moving.
And now I wish I would just kept that one to myself.
I don't know if it's better if you're joking or not.
Like, I can't, I can't know. You can never tell me.
Actually, no, I need you to tell me this is a joke right now.
I need you to tell me you're kidding.
No, I like the picture of a single tear rolling down your paint covered face
and then resting gently in the nestles of your beard.
Firework, Travis, don't ever let anybody-
That is true. You are a firework.
I've long thought, when Travis McElroy springs to mind,
it's with a trail of sparks behind him.
Cause he, goddammit, he's a firework.
You know what the worst part about that is to you?
Yeah, I do, Travis. I know what the worst part is.
I know what the worst part is, Travis, I do.
I do know the worst part. It's the part that it is it.
It is the thing that it is, the fact that it is that.
The thing it is?
The thing it is is the worst thing.
It is the thing and then you do it. Like-
You've heard the song, right?
You didn't just cry at the idea of it. Like, you heard the song.
I want you guys to know I'm crying right now.
So I changed it. That's the last thing I got chugged up by you guys being mean.
I like to cry.
Cause baby, I'm a firework.
How dare you talk to a firework like that?
Do you guys ever just think about sad things to try and get a good cry out?
I never, I didn't until about 30 seconds ago.
Now I got all the sad things I need to last me forever.
Um, his crying feels so good, I think.
It's like, it's like, it's like jerking it for your eyes.
Forcing, forcing a cry is like jerking it for your emotions.
Well, have you ever heard someone say that anyone ever,
when you hear someone say it's a tear jerker?
That's what they're talking about.
And now that is not using, uh, tears as a lubricant as you masturbate.
No, no.
That's something Jeffrey Dahmer does. Don't do that.
Dead. Jeffrey Dahmer dead. I'm sorry.
Do you guys know what we forgot to do last week?
Fuck.
Oh God.
We've got to ring in the new month.
Yeah.
Like we do.
Um, I just, God, time is so tight. Let's just burn through them.
Apple month. That'd be appropriate, wouldn't it?
Yeah. Appropriate. Appropriate moving.
Uh, church safety and security month.
Cut out dissection month.
Eat better. Eat together month.
Energy management is a family affair. Improve your home month.
Shut the fuck up.
That's not a month.
You just said the whole, it took a whole month to say it.
Um, feral hog month.
There. Yep.
Hog out month.
Uh, feral hog is a good one.
Watch out for that pig.
That's pretty much sums it up.
The end.
Month of free thought.
It's national chili month.
It's also national caramel month, but I would prefer chili, I think.
If you see a web that says, holy fucking shit, feral pig, just turn around and run.
What is it?
Do I even know what a feral pig is?
Cause I don't think I do.
Yeah.
I think it's a pig that was raised by wolves.
Guys, this is the fucking coolest month I'm going through.
It's pizza month.
Guys, it's sausage month.
Guys, it's raptor month.
What?
What is the coolest things?
Pizza and raptors.
And raptor pizza.
I'd like a pizza.
If you could just put some sausage and feral pig on that.
A feral meat is something that is domesticated and then became wild.
It went from being domesticated to wild.
Oh, so this is like people that have released their pot-bellied pigs back into the wild?
Okay.
Let's do this.
This is a good thread.
How about, hey, have you guys seen babe pig in the city with a gun?
My brother, my brother, and me.
Not so much a PSA though, was it?
No.
How about this?
Hey, stop flushing your baby piglets down the toilet because then they grow to be feral
in the sewers and it's terrifying.
My brother, my brother, and me.
It's a little wordy, but I'll accept it.
Oh no, you flushed too many baby piglets and now you've made a pig king.
Oh, the pig king.
He was right there.
Oh, a pig king would be so adorable, wouldn't it?
With all of its snoots and snouts.
Look at all these little corkscrew tails.
I want to pinch him, pig king.
My brother, how about this?
Why has no one ever caught on tape a fight between a feral pig and an urban fox?
My brother, my brother, and me.
Man, that would be fucking, that's the new sci-fi ridge, isn't it?
How else are you going to get feral bacon?
My brother and me.
What do you guys think about this?
My brother and me.
I would know more ways to warn people.
Obviously you should stay away from a feral pig.
Because I don't know what kind of diseases it's contracted.
I just don't know how to warn people against this thing
if I haven't seen it in action.
Is it fast?
Is it dangerous?
Will it bite you?
What is the difference between a feral pig and a wild boar?
That's my question.
Is that, are those the same thing?
I think a feral pig has known the luxuries, the conveniences of mankind.
Yeah.
And a wild boar hasn't.
And I don't know if that makes it, I don't know if that makes it tough.
I feel like a feral pig is just going to be kind of sad.
The feral pig is just going to think about the life that he used to have
and he doesn't have anymore, you know?
Right, right.
He's going to be bitter.
It looks like they're going to be, I'm doing a little research right now
on the internet.
It looks like they're, it looks like they're going to be a furrier.
Okay.
It looks like they're going to have big tusks.
Oh no.
It actually looks, they basically look like Peter Jackson in short.
You can imagine Peter Jackson with bigger lower teeth.
That's what a feral pig looks like.
And slightly more charm.
Hey, Peter Jackson, I liked you way better when you were super fat.
When you were so jolly.
When you looked like the kind of guy who had spent his entire life
directing a Lord of the Rings movie.
Yeah.
I feel like you're getting above your raisin right now.
Yeah.
You went from looking like a dwarf to an elf to use terminology
that you would understand.
Yeah.
I don't like it.
I don't like it one bit.
I don't like emaciated.
I want to give you a sandwich made of the finest elven bread.
And wild and feral pig.
Sweet, sweet feral pig.
Is this feral pig?
This is delicious.
And then I look at, dad?
That's not your dad.
It's feral pig.
You know, there are a big problem in Cape Canaveral.
Down in Florida, you'll see them rolling around.
Florida can't, Florida makes me so fucking angry the way
they treat animals down there.
Yep.
They throw alligators in sewers.
They throw feral pigs out in pig bins.
They throw alligators at pigs.
They make pig gators.
They make gator pigs.
They put birds in slingshots and then throw them at pigs.
Crocoswine!
The monster I just invented is Crocoswine.
That's it.
I don't have a joke.
I just wanted to-
He's got the teeth of a gator.
The ears of a pig.
He's got tusks and tusks and tusks and back ridges.
Like the crocodile does.
And he loves you.
And he loves you so much.
Give him a kiss.
No, don't.
He's got so many tusks.
Crocoswine, tusks, and ridges.
Don't let him bite your face.
He's got a tail and another tail that's curlier.
That's the one that Grant's wishes if you cut it off.
Just-
He will give you bacon and boots.
I'm gonna be honest.
I thought Crocoswine would be much more intimidating,
but he sounds pretty cool.
I wanna hang out with him.
If it weren't for all the tusks, he'd make a great home pet.
If it weren't for all those genie tusks.
He's like the giving tree of feral animals.
He's gonna give you bacon and boots with his meat and his skin.
And he'll make you sweat penicillin, which is nice.
He'll make people think you're hanging out with Peter Jackson.
Oh, that's unfair because I feel like Peter Jackson isn't as scaly as Crocoswine.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Hey, have you guys checked out my new double crusty, double jean,
everybody vaults made of Crocoswine skin.
That's a genuine Crocoswine.
Yeah, they're the ultimate callback pants.
Hey, I wanna hear Griffin's last question.
But first, thank you so much again for listening.
This is my brother, my brother, and me as you've gathered.
Our website is nbmbam.com.
You can email us nbmbam at maximumfun.org.
And there's lots of other great shows at maximumfun.org you can listen to.
In addition to forums, where you can chat about our show
and all the other great Max Fun products.
While you're there, while you're on maximumfun.org,
you should probably RSVP to Jordan and Jesse are
hosting a great little comedy event in Pasadena, California.
If you live in there, you should go to it.
They're gonna have Mark Maron from What the F***
and Chris Fairbanks and Al Magical and DC Pearson.
Go get your tickets now, if you live in California.
Or if you even live around California.
Just drive over.
Just go there, go to there.
And thank you everybody for tweeting about the show.
Thanks to Thoughts and Such and Nicky the Rat, Always Amy H,
Aaron Atchison, Emily Purper, John Empty, The Pilgrims, Ham Doctors as always,
Shinizaru, everybody.
Thanks everybody.
And thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, which is It's a Departure,
which as you can find on the album, Putting the Days to Bed,
which you should find there because you should own it
and hear it in your ears every day.
You've earned it.
You've earned it from me.
Boop, boop, boop.
Oh my God, we're getting down to the wire.
Griffin, go, last question, hit me.
This final question I found, it's by Yahoo! answer to user Frankie,
who asks, me and my girlfriend want to have a role playing sex
based on the Terminator?
This man, my brother, my brother and me.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Kiss your dad.
Squirt on the lips.
Did I mess that up?
You sure did.
A little bit.
Boop, boop, boop, boop.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part, play your part.
