The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Father's Day, Anthony Weiner. We tried to come up with a way to combine those two openings
for 30 minutes. Solid. Nothing. He's a daddy, right? Instead, we'll just say Anthony Weiner,
Father's Day. My brother, my brother, and me. Sorry to begin in such an upsetting fact.
Topical, cutting edge, Weiner, Weiner, Weiner. Lots of comedians are making Weiner puns,
but nobody's really embracing just saying Weiner Day.
I've fallen behind on the news. What's this guy's story? What's his sitch?
His story is he is a lawmaker with a really great sense of irony.
Yeah, and a really great iron, a really great nine iron down there in his zone, he means,
I mean, in his pants. In his Caddyshack?
It is down in his Caddyshack.
Representative Weiner represented his Weiner to a lady on Twitter.
But it doesn't matter because the comedic ground has already been thoroughly sort of tilled.
What I'm saying is nobody's pushed it the extra level of blending with Father's Day.
I see.
Right, right. I think it's going to give it that special picante spice that we regularly
provide with our topical mashups.
Is that cilantro? No.
So hold up, hold up. This cat, he tweeted a dick pic?
I can't, like, keep you...
No, no, no, hold on. This is a chance for real world wisdom.
Like, unless you've got a sound effect somewhere of like a hyperbaric chamber opening and you're
stepping out of it.
No, seriously. So he didn't text it. He tweet blasted his dick to a woman?
Yes.
How do you goof that hard?
You forget that D to signify a direct message and says just like, hey, Lloyd, look what I did.
Check out this dick and these balls.
Look what God did, Lori.
Oh, God, that's rough. That's rough stuff.
That's rough, but it's been rough for like two weeks. Like, what are you? What have you been?
Like, it's been like the biggest because Wiener is his name. Like, his name is Wiener and like...
Justin, I had to go on a spiritual spirit quest journey.
Unless your ass is in a sweat lodge. I have no excuses.
In the week before and after, I went to a coffee enema lodge to prepare for the live
show that we did.
Isn't that right across from King's Island?
It is. You turn left to King's Island. It's actually on top of the fake Eiffel Tower in
King's Island. You get up there and you just for two weeks, just like find your spirit
animal and get coffee enemas back to back.
That's how it sounds beautiful. This is, as you certainly guessed,
my brother and my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy.
And I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm the baby Griffin. How do you tweet a picture of your dick at somebody?
And then as an elected official, how do you do that and then not go,
Oh, damn shit.
Well, that's the coolest thing about this story. I cannot believe you've drugged me
into talking about this. The best thing about this story is that when everybody was like,
Hey, you tweeted a picture of your dick. He was like, hackers.
Fucking lulz, lulz set kicked in my door, pulled down my pants and snapped a JPEG on
my sweet dick.
It's literally like, I could not kick that dick out of a lineup.
Shaggy was directly behind him like, say it wasn't you.
You got me, Shaggy. Are you sure, Shaggy? Say it wasn't you.
And that'll work. Just tell him it wasn't. Say it wasn't. All right.
You get it, Shag.
Um, picture this. I tweeted a picture of my dick.
Shaggy!
So this is our advice show. Let's get to the advice.
This girl I've been dating for two and a half months now. We have S-E-X on a regular basis.
I come over to her apartment often and we even go on dates every week.
Despite all this, she doesn't want to be called my girlfriend.
And when I asked her what it is that we're doing, she says, hanging out.
When I ask her what she tells her family about me, she says, I'm the guy.
What do I do, brothers? Sincerely, Lost in Translation.
Just first and foremost, I think being called the guy is way cooler than being the boyfriend.
Yeah, it's pretty fucking cool.
Like, oh, this is my roofing. This is my roofing guy. This is my fucking guy.
This is my guy for doing it.
Um, yeah, like that that sounds like like calling somebody the guy is like something
you reserve for super like that's something you'd call Timothy Olyphant or something.
Like super cool people.
Uh huh.
Um, you don't get much cooler than Timothy Olyphant.
Timmy O, um, I, I think that you're, you are a little too hung up on nomenclature and she's
way too hung up on avoiding nomenclature, like to a weird extent.
Like, you know, but I, I know those people. I know those people that say like putting
a name on it ruins it, but they're still doing that. They're still dating. They're still doing
the shit, but they're just not calling it that cause they're afraid of spoiling it or ruining
it or something. And that's dumb. But at the same time, it's straightforward dumb. It's like,
Hey, here's the deal. We're not going to call it boyfriend, girlfriend.
Listen, a rose, a rose by any other name is still getting a stick wet on the rag.
What's up? Yeah. You, you, I mean, if, if you're uncomfortable now, okay,
maybe it's not the labels. Maybe it's the lack of stability. I would say that he's unsure.
Like it's, you know, he doesn't know what they're doing, right? He doesn't know.
It's not just that she is, you know what I think that I think that that happens in every
relationship and it's not just with the title. I think that yeah, the title is this security
blanket that makes you feel better. But I think everybody always goes through that entrance period,
especially two and a half months in, geez. I just like, what is this? What's going on?
Are we committed? I don't know. Am I the guy? Yeah. I can't carry the guy.
I can't think of a, like a relationship status that is more secure than hanging out
because you can't, you'll never stop hanging out. Like you can take that shit to the grave.
Like, Oh, do you, Lori promise to take Jacob and just like fucking bro out within 24.
Sev, I, uh, speaking of labels, I have hung out many a time. You are not hanging out. No.
I mean, in between, in between playing Sega and eating juice pops. Yeah. Hey, you want to pop in
an inch on 96 little fuck, whatever, whatever you want to do. Just come over and hang out.
We'll make some bagel bites. See where it goes. Just grow out with some NES. Um, I, I think that
if it, you can ask her to label things all you want. She's obviously not ready for anything
super serious. So I, I, if you're expecting that or wanting that, I don't think you're going to
get it from this girl. Nope. At least not right now. Not directly, but I mean, well, it depends on
when you could turn it into a relationship without labeling it, without making it a big deal,
it can become a relationship. But if it's important to you that you know what it is upfront,
you're not going to get that. Let's ask her, am I a guy or the guy? As long as you're the guy are
cool. Unless he's like got the man. Unless you're the guy, number 26, the dude, the fella, the
gentleman suitor. This is my caller. He's taking me to cotillion. He brought me a glassy unicorn.
Way too much. Twin Peaks. Yeah. I have what? No. What? I'm going to come through this fucking
microphone. Clarence Menagerie you dumb bitch. There's also in Twin Peaks a scene where the
guy gives the other girl it's the glass unicorn. God, you're right. All right. Damn it. I'll let
it slide this time. Deez Nuts. Agent Dale Cooper up in this bitch. All right. I have an etiquette
question for you. Oh, you've come to the right place clearly. Often when a friend or family
member is going through a difficult time, a person will say something along the lines of,
I'll be praying for you. You'll be in my prayers. This thing is I'm not a particularly religious
person, so telling someone I'm going to pray for them feels a little fraudulent. Obviously,
if someone is about to go into surgery or something, it's not a good time to say good luck
with all that or that death is probabilistic and ultimately inevitable. So can you guys help me
come up with some other non-religious phrases that carry the same weight and meaning as
Deez more traditional sentiments? Thanks for the help, Chris. Wow. Wow. Well, don't definitely
don't say that shit about death being inevitable. I think that there is I think that there's such
a wide spectrum between I'll be praying for you and good luck with all that. Yeah. You know what?
I know there's some shit in between those two, right, dawg? I tell people they've been on my
heart. Yeah, it seems that cuts that cuts to, hey, you've been on my heart lately. You've you've been
you've been in my thoughts. Yeah, there it is. Been in my heart. My thoughts. My whole thing
has been about you. You could also say I'll be playing for you if you're a professional athlete
because then it's like, oh, they're dedicating or a musician or if you have a like a particularly
intense like bocce ball match coming up. Yeah, this one's for you, Greg. That's what I'm going
to do with this bowl. I don't know. I think you can also say, like, you know, I'm here. I'm here.
If you need anything, let me know if you need anything and I can help you with that. Like,
I think that I think that saying that you'll be in my thoughts, it's not practical. What's
bad about like if something happens, I'll marry your wife. No, no, no. Like, do you do you want
any? I'm about to run a Taco Bell. Do you want a fajita and maybe a medium Baja blast? There's
maybe some cinnamon twists. You want to get surgery? Dangerous, dangerous surgery. But do
you want a chalupa first? What a surprise. That'll be for the doctor. What's this? What's this in
side him? Hey, is this a Baja fish taco that you ate before surgery? You were given explicit
instructions not to eat and specific instructions not to eat Baja fish tacos ever. Why would you
put two in here? Are these your car keys? What did you even do? Wait a second. Wait a second.
The tumor is gone. Fish taco killed your tumor. This is Baja sauce is a cure. Eureka. Eureka.
Thank you, you fat fuck. You did it. So what what other? How about if something happens,
I'll delete your internet history. It's good. I feel like that's practical. I'd appreciate it.
Yeah. Um, how about you are definitely going to make it through this. Guarantee them. I swear
on every by the moon and the stars in the sky. Oh, the best part about that is if something happens,
how are you going to be held accountable? That's true. That's true. They got, well,
you got hauntings. Yeah. OBS, obviously. Oh, you're going to have a ghost writer situation
on your hands. Yeah. He's going to haunt your words, your phrases, read everything you're
writing. Going to make your words better. Talk about your grammar. Yeah. Or your grandma. Hey,
Griffin, you know, do you want to Yahoo? Yeah. I haven't looked at these for a while. I should
probably really having to suck at this thermos to get the coffee inside. So if you hear like a
sort of like a, a wet wind tunnel, like a squishy wind tunnel, that's me getting some hazelnut.
This one was the daily dosage of vitamin H. This one was sent by two people, hazelnut,
which is weird. Came from two different people with the same question. The internet's such a
big place. Yeah. It was sent by Thomas Anderson and Jonathan Cole. Thank you, dudes. It's by
Yahoo Answers user Lucretia Millicent, who asks, my 14 year old sister is afraid of Hitler. I
thought she was crazy, but now I'm starting to wonder. My little sister is so scared to death
of Hitler. She can't even go outside. It started when she had this dream about Hitler coming up
through the plumbing and getting in the house. So she makes us keep cement blocks on all the
toilet lids and also on the washer. And she will only take baths, no showers so she can plug the
hole. She says Hitler can come out of the sewer though. And that's why she refuses to leave the
house. Now I was really worried and wanted to help her get over it. So I made up a spell to banish
Hitler, thinking that maybe that would make her feel safe. Well, we were doing the spell in the
bathroom and the toilet seat lifted. And I heard some man speaking German. We screamed and got up
and ran off. And now my sister's putting chains on the toilet. So I hope no one gets the shits
anytime soon. What happened? That's what I'm wondering. That's my favorite part of this
question. Can't quite put it together. So Hitler. Okay. If you believe in Hitler hard enough, he
will appear. That's that's an inevitability. We've actually said his name too many times now.
Cause if you say it to me enough times, he just, he apparates like Betelgeuse, very much like
Betelgeuse only instead of a mischief, he, he, he does unspeakable genocide crimes. Well, I think
that, um, I remember from spectrum, right? It's like the worst, the worst kind of, it's like the
most mischief you could do ever. Like the highest level of shenanigans ever to the point. I can't,
I don't think we can call it hijinks. Like it's like a nightmarish crime against humanity indicates
like a wink and a nod. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hijinks usually is harmless. It's like a fiasco. I would
not, I would not call the planking is hijinks. Yes. Thank you. Have you guys ever heard that
urban legend, um, where parents buy their kids, um, baby hitlers and then as they start to get
too big, the parents flush the baby hitlers down the toilet and then you have to worry about the
deal grown hitlers down in the sewer. Right. And it forms if, if, if they get to, um, in like a
metropolitan area, this is true. I swear to Christ, uh, in, in metropolitan areas where the population,
uh, per mile is, is, you know, so dense that the, uh, the hitlers, the flushed hitlers will grow
together and form a Hitler king. That's absolutely true. That is a hundred percent. Absolutely true.
That is a hundred percent true. The only thing that you can hope is that Winston Churchill
has also been flushed and has been baked in some sort of mutagenic ooze. And then they have the
most epic battle, the most epic battle. Um, somebody like, can we go ahead and option these rights?
TM by the way. TM all that shit. C with a circle around it. Ninja Winston's teenager.
I'm Winston. I'm also Winston.
I use the bo staff. I use the bo staff, but I am Winston.
Do you know what, uh, Hitler and also Hitler King's biggest weaknesses?
Lemon juice. Magic spells.
Magic spells, obviously. That's why he got so fucking aggro and tried to come out of your
toilet pipes is because you, you pissed him off with your magic spells. Most people don't know
this. Um, Hitler hauntings, you can, you can comfortably live in, in a place, in an apartment
or home, uh, any sort of domestic setting that is being haunted by a Hitler ghost.
Usually, usually you can make it work for you and see if the land will, will, you know,
knock off a hundo from that wreck. Hey, I'm pretty sure it smells like mustache wax in here. I pretty
much all the time. Yeah. What can I do? What can you do? Um, also what happened? People say, what
happened to Hitler? You mean, or the mustache? This whole situation. I'm so confused. What
happened with their spell? Like, I don't know. Was a Ouija board involved? Was there a Ouija?
Cause I read a book, a tract, actually a Chick tract about Ouija boards and they're, they are
evil. I know that much. Yeah, definitely. When you were talking about the part where like, she's
afraid to go outside. I had this mental image of like the girl looking out the window and Hitler
leaning out from behind a tree and just like pointing at the girl and the girl was ducking
back down. Now I'm scared of Hitler. Thanks so much. That's a horror time. Can't leave the
house now. My longtime boyfriend followed me when I moved out of state and it did not go well.
We broke up and he moved back to our hometown. However, he left most of his personal belongings
behind. Keep saying he's going to get them, but it's been almost a year since he moved out. Now
my lease is up at the end of summer and I want to move to a new apartment. Is it okay for me to
throw his stuff away? That was from Carrie Anne. Yes, of course it is. Of course it is. How's this
a question? Hey, throw everything away. I'm, I'm moving to, um, to Austin in a little under a month
now and I'm going to throw, watch out ladies. Hey babies. I'm going to throw every fucking thing
that I own away that I don't use on a day to day. If there were other people that you took with you.
Oh man, it's gone man. It's fucking gone. If you have shit in my employee that I have not touched
nor seen in, in 12 months, it's gone. It's gone. So I think Carrie, an important thing to keep in
mind here is when he left that shit there, here's basically saying to you, Hey, make sure you move
this with you when you go anywhere. And that's bullshit. It doesn't come to get it in a year or
asked you to ship it to them or pay for shipping or something. It's yours. You need to sell it in
a garage sale or give it away or burn it. Nobody wants things anymore. I think that since I turned,
uh, call it 18, the, my main action has been getting rid of stuff, like trying to unload stuff
and my getting rid of material possessions in this world, you accumulate them so quickly. I just want
to get rid of them. I just hate shit. I want to get rid of shit. Yeah. I hate having things and I,
I try to get rid of them. I try to pawn them off on, uh, people that come into my office.
I'll hand them several books or maybe, uh, uh, old fifth grade drawings, some masking tape.
That's almost all gone. I don't want to keep the roll around. Like he just pawned all that off on
you. I think you probably want to shoot him a text. Just like, Hey, your stuff's going in the
garbage. Sorry, Dylan. Come get it. Come get it. If you want it to the garbage dumpster,
probably bullshit stuff anyways. I mean, if he didn't take it with him, he can't be that committed.
Yeah. It's not like his fucking asthma inhalers that he needs to live. Like it's his fucking
rollout desk. Like it's, it's probably got all got bed bugs in it. Yeah. You know what else is
in that stuff? Memories. Gotta get rid of it, girl. It's all, he left you with a bunch of bed bug
stuff, a bunch of BB gear and you're supposed to keep it? Nah, it's going to the dumpster.
Sorry, BB gear. Sorry, Dylan. Your things are in the trash. I set them on fire. Also, I miss you.
Come back. Dylan, I miss you so much. Please come back. How can I become cooler on Facebook?
I try to post interesting status updates, upload wacky photos of my friends and I,
and I often wish other people happy birthday, even if I don't know them that well. But no one
ever gives me any Facebook attention. I want to be cool in the internet world,
as well as the regular world. Help me, brothers. What should I do? Pitiful in Pittsburgh.
That's no way to start. Yeah. Don't be pitiful. Trying to buck up. Trying to turn this around.
Do less? Yeah, that's it. No, you got to make them want it. Yeah. You think? How can they miss you
if you're always there? It's like this. If you, if you accept every friend request and say yes to
everybody who asks you to do something, then it's not special. But if you request like, if you
accept like one out of every thousand, then that one person feels so fucking special to be your
friend. How would they ever know though? How could you ever know? I'll tell them. I'll tell you what
discourages me from, from interacting with people on Facebook. You got to get a good picture of
yourself. Don't put a weird picture of you standing in shadows that looks like you're on fire. Oh,
you smell bad and there's PU lines going off. Get like, get your sexy right. Get a really nice
looking picture. You know what I mean? Who are these people that have photoshopped stink flies
and PU lines coming off their body? Somebody who would call themselves pitiful in Pittsburgh.
Fair enough. Make sure that you don't have a Facebook photo of like an animal or like you
in a big group. Oh, I hate that. Are you and a baby and the babies in the picture? That's not
a baby. When it's not your baby because it confuses all of your friends from high school.
They're all going, oh, is that your baby? And you're like, no. It's like, well,
bullshit. Thanks for putting the baby on the grid, asshole. My latest point of contention
is for Father's Day, a lot of people have been changing their Facebook profile pictures to that
of their dads of their daddies. And it's like, that's pretty confusing for me when it's like,
oh, Jennifer kind of looks like a dad now. Like why am I friends with all these old dads? Why?
Why are all these dads? My friend, my ex girlfriend is a dad. What things? I got,
I got off that train just in time. Apparently for the swap, the switcheroo. Um, also I would suggest
not wishing happy birthday to people. You don't know that well. I wouldn't want people. I don't
know that well. The wish me happy birthday kind of creeps me out that they know that much about me.
I don't know about that. I like, I mean, we've talked about my, um, my policy on Facebook and
how it's basically just a bed of human beings that I just roll around and get dirty. Okay.
Their thoughts just like, Hey, weirdo don't know you. Here's a poke. Is it possible that you,
uh, that you posted a lot of bullshit? Cause sometimes when people post a lot of bullshit,
I just give me old blocker Reno. I send them straight to the block pile and it could be
that you've gotten the old, the old block. I don't have a better name for it, but like,
it could be that you just got blocked and like nobody can see your shit because forever you
talked about how depressed you were and no one wants to see that. That's the first thing. If
you're doing that, which if your name is pitiful and Pittsburgh, I'm assuming you've done at least
once. Like fuck that noise. Like you got to who people want to be friends with happy people.
Like I like to hang out with happy people. Those are the people I want to associate with.
So just fake it. Put on a big plastic smile. Have you thought about, um, Facebooking pictures of
your, of your, of your PP, of your cleaner, of your weakness of your weakness? Have you
thought about Facebooking like wildfire and then with a caption that says, wish you were here
or in my wiener. What I'm going to just tag your tag, your whole wiener. I guess that's what people
do with photos and see if anybody like likes it. Do you like this wiener? Like 65 people like this
wiener. Click here to see who these nasty fucks are. That'll get you. You, you got to start mixing
it up. You got to take it out there and just really get crazy. Get crazy on the live on the
edge. Change your face, change your relationship status to dead to dead. I'll get some attention.
No, don't do that. Cause then you, you would be killed. Um, I think that first off you need
to private message everybody and say, I'm sorry that I was so depressing for so long, but I'm
really turning it around. Come back to the new, the new and improved pitiful and Pittsburgh
Facebook experience. Now with a hundred percent more dick pics, check them, tag them, like them.
Change your real name to dick pic Danny. Even if your name's not Danny.
Come to dick pic Danny's Facebook warehouse. Tag it. Love it. Facebook.
Now with t-shirts. Come buy our t-shirts for our experience.
We're talking about a full on rebranding. Tag it. Bing it. Tweet it.
Bing and tweet my dick pic warehouse emporium on Facebook. Poke it.
Still free after all these years. Always here for you since 1863. Danny dick pic.
Subscribe to the premium experience. No ads, just a streamline dick experience on Facebook.
Tag these. How about a yahoo? A yahoo? Was that not a yahoo? No. Wow. Okay. I know. Um,
this one was sent in by Ousmane Mariko. I'm a Bim Bam superfan. Thank you Ousmane. We're
getting there closer. It's by yahoo answers user Rebecca Rose who asks,
what would you consider to be personality traits of an ideal stallion?
Hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Go on. No, I won't go on. Cause that's all that this question is.
Like literal stallion. Yeah. Like a, like a, like a horse, like a proud.
Well, I think we can all agree unbroken spirit. Unbroken spirit. Unbroken legs also is important.
Less of a personality. I think discreet.
Able to keep a secret. What is the application of that?
What, what, what, why do we need to discreet? Well, Griffin, if I knew the application,
I wouldn't, I wouldn't tell you. I mean, I'm trying to be like a stallion here.
It defeats the point of discretion if you just go and your wiener pics everywhere.
Hey horse, why did you tweet this picture of my wiener? Hey horse, I didn't give you my phone.
That was between us. That was between us, horse.
I came to you in confidence. What kind of smartphone could a horse possibly operate?
This question is ridiculous. So there's another good personality trait. Dexterity.
Dexterity. Like yeah. Manual dexterity. Um, tail. A smooth tail. A proud tail.
That's important in races. Um. And also not a racist. I don't like a horse.
I, I want them to love all horses and humans equally. Open-minded. Yeah. It's okay if they're
biasing against fat people because that's like a health issue. Yeah. Yeah, they'll snap right in
half. Um, I think, I think you gotta, it's gotta have some wisdom in its eyes. That's good. I think
when you look deep in that horse's eyes, you've gotta know that there's, there's, there's feelings
stirring around in there, you know? And no bugs. No bugs. I hate it when a horse has bugs in there
and it won't even use its comically long tongue to lick them off or sweep the way with its mane,
with a flourish of its proud long head. Um, have you mentioned? I just love horses so much.
I love horses too. I love their thick trunks. And I think that I need a proud horse. I think I need
a proud, um, gelding. I want to, I want a horse that's going to be more like a best friend. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. And maybe we go on adventures together and like my cowboy hat falls off and he
picks it up for me and nudges me forward and drives me on. That's so great. I just want,
I want a horse I can hang out with in every possible definition of the term. Yeah. Just
a horse who's fucking cool. I just want, not uppity like some of those other horses. I just
want to hang out. I want a horse that if I joke like maybe today you can ride me,
me, he'll, he'll laugh, but he won't take the joke too far. Yeah. Very painful. They're very heavy.
I've, I've written a lot of Pintos that will just like take the goof and run with it. And it's like,
now it's weird Pinto and I have to put you down. Now I have to destroy you. Cause I know you're
not discreet. I was trying to forgive that. But now I want a horse that knows that when I have to
destroy him, I have to do it. Sure. Like he's, he's, he feels bad for you because of the position
that he is putting you in with his broke ass legs. He knows it's going to hurt me more than it's
going to hurt him. Yeah. I want, yeah. And I want him to make it easier on me by hurling some really
hateful shit. Yeah. Like hateful shit about my parents and loved ones. Oh, like I bet you won't
do it. You coward. You coward. We are, we're putting the horse before the cart. Uh, if you've
got to, you got to put the horse before the cart, shut your fucking mouth. You got to have,
that's the kind of talk that'll get a horse shot. He has got to be able to talk. He has to possess.
Yeah. Um, which is what's the point, which is rare. Um, I think mayor, but worth worth a couple
extra bucks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll drop an extra. Um, Oh, that's a big, he has to be cheap.
You guys did not cost a lot of money. So we need a cheap talking horse that's able to use a
smartphone with a lot of my cowboy hat with tenderness. Just discretion for miles. That
should be his name. Discretion for miles. Discretion for miles. I want one that doesn't
make you kill it to get the glue out of him. Yeah. Give him your glue you stingy bastard.
You want to be able to lactate his glue gland for a quick patch job. Um,
okay. I think that your horse feet, is it too much to ask for a winning smile?
No, a winning smile. I couldn't, I couldn't understand you. I would like my horse to enjoy
eating apples. Can we make that happen? And oats. Yes. Don't mistake my fingers for carrots.
I'm just giving you this carrot. Um, an apologetic course for when he does nibble
your fingers. Rainbows behind him leaves rainbows. I want a horse with a horn. Okay. Okay. That is a
unicorn, but no, cause it doesn't have to be on his head. It could be, it could also be a deer.
Um, like a buck is a buck is basically a horse with a horn. What about a horse with like mini horns
that makes it like a spiny exoskeleton. Ah, and maybe fire shoots out of his nose. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Can I, and he can fly. Uh, and also he's got a big saddle on it. You can ride on him.
And he's got like a tank gun. Yeah. He's got a tank gun for a mouth. He's got like howitzer treads
on his legs. Yeah. Yeah. And he can fucking like fly through space and shit. Yeah. And he's,
he can shoot, he can shoot blood out of him. So fucking discreet. Just discreet as shit. He'll
never tell anyone about any of this. I want to ride. Oh, maybe he looks like a regular horse by
day and then an awesome space tank spiny leaf by night. Like a he-man. Transformer horse. Yes. Yes.
I'm a tank. I'm a horse. Come here, Shia. Shia, come here. Grab my mane. Feed me oats.
I'm gonna shoot blood out of my face. I'm eight feet tall. I'm a big robot horse. Does it look
like a robot horse or does it look like a regular horse that transforms flawlessly into sort of a
fleshy, mane-y. And sprays blood everywhere in the process. And it's killed. That's so important.
Shia, you're probably going to want to step back a little bit further. Here's your Gallagher,
your Gallagher poncho. Just tuck into that real quick. Transform from a horse into a horse tank.
You may get soaked. You will get wet with horse blood. With horse blood. That horse is not going
to survive the transformation process. I'm sorry. I'll never tell anyone. You are rending parts of
that horse that you will not be able to reattach. No, no. How come every time we talk about fucking
horses on this show, we always talk about just mutilating them? How does that keep happening?
Because there's something about destroying one of God's most beautiful creatures.
It's so powerful and majestic. I just want to kill it.
We've been going on this show for about 15 minutes now, designing the perfect horse,
and we reached a point where we reached perfect horse that nobody's ever been
able to conceive of before, and then we ruined it. Well, yes.
We as human beings often are jealous of the power and majesty of a horse,
and then it's time to destroy it. We reached the apex of horse possibilities.
I think that the most important thing about a horse, the most important personality,
let's get back to personality for a second. I think the most important personality of a horse
is that it not be too beautiful, because then you want to destroy it. If you got some Jared
Leto looking motherfucking horse, you're going to want to take a ball peed hammer to its temple
instantly. It's too beautiful. It's just like Fight Club. You just want to destroy something
beautiful, smash its face in with another horse. It's like a Twin Peaks slash glass menagerie
glass horse with a horn on it somewhere, and you just want to destroy it.
I just want to slam two horses together, find the god particle.
Oh, shit. So horses.
I hope no jockeys listen to our show.
I hope no horses listen. There's going to be an uprising.
Yeah. And a discrete uprising, but an uprising all the same.
Griffin, I think it's time for a take a little trip.
Sure. Let me strap into this roller coaster ride.
Get on the saddle.
The horse, the horse coaster.
The horse coaster to the money.
Tim Mitchell, Jenna, let me take you back.
It's June 23rd, 2007, Des Moines, Iowa, a mountaintop.
Is it angel singing?
A discreet horse watches from afar.
And the two of you get married.
I mean, kill that horse.
You, Tim, he's a combo geek. Her, domestic goddess, baking, sewing, feng shui, interior designing.
No problem.
Put that rug on the south end of the room because it's red.
Because it's red.
And you're a fire.
And we're married for four years.
Did I mean kids in this four years of wedded bliss?
I think it's just around the corner. I have a good feeling about these things,
but they do have an all black cat name.
Here we go.
Bagheera.
Thank you.
And an all white cat named.
Luna.
Luna.
Cats are practically kids.
They're like furry kids that they're like, you know what they are?
Tell me.
They're basically furry kids that are tiny.
Cats are basically furry kids that are sneaky.
Sneaky and they poop in sand.
So by anybody's like system of measurement, they are better than kids.
Because sometimes they don't want you around.
His nickname for her is too personal to read on a comedy podcast.
Her nickname for him is also too personal to read on a comedy podcast,
but it's also funny and possibly embarrassing for him.
That's Choo Choo.
Hey, hey, Choo Choo.
Come fix his light bulb.
Oh, I don't know. I like, I like his, his nickname for her.
I'm just going to say it.
It's Bride.
And I like Bride.
I like utilitarian.
It's yeah.
It's very, it's very old school Amish.
Like his name for her is wife.
Yeah.
Wife pride.
Goodly wife.
Goodly wife.
Lady partner.
Sately Bridesgroom.
Is it grooms bride?
Is that how that goes?
I never understood that.
Maidenhead.
This is my.
Is that, I don't know what that word means.
Which I will build my life.
She was traded to me for a fattened calf.
And this is Choo Choo.
The strongest man in the village.
The strongest man in the village, Choo Choo.
The powerful locomotive.
Choo Choo, the titan approaches.
Oh, fuck.
They love to watch movies together and they listen to creative podcasts.
I'm assuming like ours.
So thank you for that.
Also in the money zone.
Also taking us along with Choo Choo.
Ride, come on, ride the train and ride it.
Fast karate for the gentlemen.
It's a quickly paced, lightly sauced comedy show.
Delicately sauced.
It's about video games.
It's about bad Japanese cartoons.
And it only takes you like 30 or 60 minutes to listen to.
That seems like a.
So either one or double.
It's kind of a scattershot approach to show time.
No, they got the guts to say when it stops working.
Maybe that'll be 30 minutes.
Maybe it'll be 15 minutes.
I don't know.
Deaf can make it 30, but never above 60.
It's a dumb.
It says I'm not saying this about it.
This is what they say about themselves.
A dumb podcast recorded by two stupid jerks.
I hope this podcast is not about branding or marketing because they're not good at it.
But what they will do is they'll talk about seminal Kiefer Sutherland pro torture
conservative TV classic 24 and then talk about pudding.
Hold on.
Talk about guardian heroes.
Hold on.
What?
Okay.
I don't listen to podcasts.
I would get down on a pudding cast in a heartbeat.
Yeah.
Just talking about opportunity.
Jellos.
Just talking about flan.
Which buffets had the best selection.
Which golden corral pudding is served at the best temperature with.
You guys ever had that one with Oreo bits in it?
Fuck.
Yes, I have.
They could do a weekly segment on funny ways to mispronounce crumb brulee.
Spoiler alert.
It's crumb brulee.
Crumb brulee sounds like some sort of sportsman.
Hey, Frank, bring me some crumb brulee.
You got crumb brulee with the crunchy cinnamon toffee.
I can't make it.
I ran out of crumb fresh.
If you want to listen to the internet's premier pudding cast,
you can do so at www.daveandjole.com.
That's their website for them.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
So thank you to Tim Mitchell who wished his wife Jenna a happy anniversary
and fast karate for the gentlemen.
And now my favorite, my favorite moment that I've really been waiting for.
Which acts do you guys want this time?
You want standard E tuning or open C?
Because I can do either one.
Do you have your double net?
Can you just do maybe some drop D?
Is that a tuning option that's open to us?
What about middle J?
I can take that open C and drop a capo on fret two, and it's basically the same thing.
All right, let's do it.
Are you guys still talking about guitars?
Yeah.
Travis, I wish you would learn an instrument so that I don't have to keep doing this.
I learned recorder in fourth grade.
You can't sing a jingle and play recorder with yourself.
Yes, you can.
Yes, you fucking can.
Don't you tell him you can't do that.
That's the best idea.
Fuck.
Okay, so a fourth wedding anniversary and a pudding cast.
Thanks.
Hey guys, if like the two of you guys could maybe get together next time
and try and find like two things that have similar thematic elements.
Anything, anything.
By the way, by the way,
paying for a personal message on your wife's,
you and your wife's fourth anniversary is a out loud statement
that either us or your marriage will not be here in a year.
There's no other message that I could take from that.
And since you love your wife, bride and your husband Chuchu,
I can only assume that you're saying we will not be doing this.
We better throw this out now because in a year's time, it'll be too late.
Yeah.
Okay.
So thanks.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
The only thing I can think of right now is the matrimony train.
Take the matrimony train to pudding station.
To pudding new, pudding new station.
Pudding new station?
Is that like Shining Time Station?
Can you do it to the tune of Dave Matthews Band's Crash?
Um, no.
Chuchu and Bride, they eat pudding.
That's good.
See, the problem is that we'll get taken down by a digital millennium copyright act
from D&B himself.
That's a little too dark.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Get on the matrimony train.
We're gonna take a trip.
Nope, Chuch.
I'm gonna use the other guitar.
I think that's the problem.
That's the problem.
It's not that you're trying to write an impromptu song.
A song about fucking wedding and also a pudding podcast.
God damn it.
God damn it.
Can we agree that would be Pudcast?
Hey, who's that coming down the aisle?
It's a beautiful woman in white and she's carrying in her left hand a tube of gogurt
and her man on one arm she has her chuchu in the other arm she has the aforementioned
gogurt and she's slurping down the gogurt and she's saying her vows they have for long
years together and they're not stopping now they're on the matrimony train
to pudding town
Yay!
That was good.
Hold up.
I'm not positive though.
Is gogurt yogurt?
Gogurt is definitely yogurt.
I'm gonna say there's a 50% chance that gogurt is pudding.
I think that it's like squares and rectangles where not all gogurts are pudding but all
puddings are gogurt.
Well, here's the thing.
Yogurt is basically bullshit nasty pudding with cultures in it.
Right.
To help Jamie Lee Curtis do her poopies.
It says that right on the box.
Slam this gogurt and have regular beaners like JLC.
Slam down this gogurt and then enjoy a Jamie Lee Curtis style poopy.
Every time a child eats a gogurt, Jamie Lee Curtis makes a poopy.
Oh god.
That must explain why she hasn't been doing much acting lately.
Yogurt got so popular.
Kids, stop eating gogurt for the love of Jamie Lee Curtis.
Please lay off the gogurt.
She's so tired.
So raw.
It's so raw.
I wish I could trade places with anybody.
Kids, please stop.
This is no true lie.
So if you would like your own jingle and spot in the money zone, you can contact
Teresa Thorn at Teresa at maximum fun dot org.
Teresa with an H.
My boyfriend and I disagree on what the term underwear for women refers to.
I told him it's just the bottoms, but he's convinced it's both bra and panties.
Oh, Justin, you said that in the grossest way imaginable.
To be fair, it's the grossest word.
It's the worst word.
Just panties.
Oh, god.
What do you guys think?
His name's Jeff.
So if you could prove him wrong, prove, because that's what we're into on NBA scientific proof.
We're going to peer review this shit hypothesis.
My hypothesis is that underwear for ladies and this is just my opening statement.
OK, I believe that underwear for ladies refers to both bra and panties.
Oh, God, please, please, please.
Let me just say bottoms.
Can we say bottoms and avoid that we just can we say bottoms?
Can we just say girl boxers or girl briefs?
Yeah.
Or like, OK, we can we can remove panties from the discussion because that's the last time
you get to say that word without me quitting the podcast forever.
OK, obviously.
What is it?
Just the pronunciation?
You're saying it like some kind of super villain that seals women's underwear and collects
it in a cave.
So so no more no more discussion of panties.
Um, I think that the the the the discussion, the debate is really over bra.
I think that it only refers to bottoms.
Really?
Yeah, because, OK, take the the bottoms out of the equation and a girl just putting on
her bra saying, I'm putting on my underwear.
She's a crazy person.
Oh, man, that's a pretty good argument.
That is a really, really good argument.
I know, right?
Can we just can we get rid of the nomenclature altogether?
And can we just call like just come up with a specific like but like your your your panties
will now be called bottom bottom shorts and your bra is can be called like boob shorts.
Your booby shorts.
Your booby shorts.
These are shorts for your boobs so that nobody can see them.
Hey, get those cans and some booby shorts today.
Uh huh, uh, I OK, I think Travis has in in sort of unprecedented feet from a brother
of a brother than me.
Travis is sort of single handedly, I think, won this argument because I think that the
thing about, you know, separating it, saying like, that's my underwear.
That's weird as shit, right?
It's weird.
And you can't say on the following that you can't say I am I am wearing I'm wearing booby
shorts but no panties, so I am wearing my underwear and it's like I beg to differ.
I like putting on a shirt and saying this is my chest pants like it's craziness.
That means you look like a crazy person.
I think that case closed.
Final solution.
Sorry, Jeff.
So Jeff, you're wrong.
Sorry, Jeff.
You're so wrong.
Welcome to a new segment of my brother, my brother and me, where we stop giving advice
and just belittle someone's opinion.
Hey, Jeff.
You're stupid.
Can we just get rid of it?
Can we just get rid of this whole thing altogether?
Just you mean the whole bra panty enterprise?
Let him breathe, ladies.
Yeah.
Oh, you're saying like the real tangible items.
So Griffin, which which frat did you rush?
I'm curious.
Delta, Delta, Delta, Delta, Delta, Delta, Delta, Delta, they're good.
Quint Delta fucking killer ultimate Frisbee team.
We wanted that Delta so it could be sexed out.
But nobody we couldn't have it.
It wouldn't give it ridiculous.
Griffin, you know what I need?
I said a gross thing in there about getting rid of panties.
So ladies can let him breathe.
And it's like that was so grody to like even joke about.
And I don't know if I should like cut it out of the show or no.
But if you don't say the gross thing about letting him breathe, we can't joke about Quint
Delta.
That's right.
Fuck.
You got to die on the comedy cross.
How about man?
Fuck it, guys.
I have like five really, really good ones.
Good.
Maybe next time you won't have to hound our dear sweet listeners.
You just keep your own strategic reserve.
We're going to do this one because it's the fucking craziest thing I've ever read.
It's by Jacob Locker, of course.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gabby Bennett, who asks.
Why would my grandpa kiss my foot?
Why was I was I was I was getting a much needed foot massage for my grandpa.
Scott, you know, stop it with Seuss.
And when he kissed and when he finished, he kissed my foot.
Should I be worried?
Additional details.
Well, he's technically my grandpa by marriage.
He married my grandma in March, but he gave my mom a foot massage and she said she was
weirded out.
So there's a there's a first of all, roaming step grandpa giving foot rubs to everybody.
Get him out of the house.
There's precedent set by the mom getting the massage and not particularly enjoying it.
So that's pretty crazy, right?
That's like a crazy fucking thing.
That's like a crazy, crazy thing.
How about some of these?
Let's let's dip into these answers and just like, you know, let's pull the crowd.
Let's pull the audience.
Pull the audience.
Let's phone a friend on Yahoo.
Answer one, Jacob Cahill says, what?
No, he's your grandpa and he loves you.
That's a good thing.
He's not our grandpa.
No, that one's got to be like a crazy outlier, right?
Well, answer it.
I just want to throw out real quick that he's only been her grandpa for like three months.
Right.
Pretty much not your grandpa yet.
You got to earn that title over at least a period of half a year.
Gabe Fore says, not at all.
He's just being a loving grandpa.
It's like a kiss on the forehead or something like that.
Being a loving grandpa, it's like a kiss on the forehead or something, but just a loving thing.
No.
It would be weird if he was touchy or kissed you on the lips.
But a kiss on the foot is just a loving grandpa thing.
What are you saying?
How is your grandpa?
What kind of fucking situation is going on in America with our grand-
What is our grandpa situation like that?
Everyone's like, no, it's completely normal.
My grandpappy kisses me on the feet all the time.
Elizabeth says, I don't think so.
Stop it, gramps.
Elizabeth says, I don't think so.
Was it a small peck kind of kiss or a deep passionate kiss?
And you know what doesn't matter?
Hey, Elizabeth, it kind of doesn't matter.
Deep passionate kiss, creepy.
Quick peck on the foot, just as creepy.
Like, did you put the tip in or did you go shafty?
Doesn't matter.
You're pregnant.
Like it's over.
It's over.
You can only get so foot creepy wet.
Chiquita Bonita says, no, I think you're just taking it a little too weird
because it's not something that you're used to.
This is, guys, I'm not leaving any answers out.
Wait, say that one one more time.
It's only creepy because it's not something you're used to?
Because it's not something you're used to.
Isn't that kind of the definition of like weird?
Yeah.
I'm-
No, you just think it's weird because it's something that's never happened before.
It's completely unacceptable.
To a certain level of my grandpa kissing my sweet feet.
Uh-huh.
Guys, it's not funny anymore.
I can't laugh about this.
There is a nation of people who says it might be a good luck superstition,
or he thinks of you as royalty.
Yeah, because that's exactly what it is.
Nailed it.
By reason it is.
There are a bunch of people on the internet and they think that it's okay for their-
Like it's not funny to me anymore.
BeautifulTip1 says, I think he was just trying to show honest, innocent affection.
Nothing curvy.
Nothing a grandpa does is innocent ever.
Our grandpas are trying to keep their raging old man libido back
and you let them wrap their digits around some tea bopper's foot
and her feet still-
Their feet still sway from being inside those hush puppies all day
and you can't expect the man not to kiss them.
You're fucking grossing me out, Gramps.
Get out of here, you old man.
There are eight-
There are eight answers on this question.
All of them are.
No, he's being a grandpa.
Here, here's a Werther's.
Let me suck them toes.
Hey, hey, I want to take this one a little deeper.
Why did she have to go on the internet to find out if this was weird or not?
What have we done to our nation's youth that has made them like require the internet for a second opinion?
Do we need to drop some PSAs?
Hey, uh, Peepaw, I just logged on on your Pentium computer.
Why do you have eight Yahoo Answers accounts?
What is the purpose of those?
Of those right now.
Griffin, I want to hear your last question.
And I know that we could stay here and joke about this all day.
It's not fucking humorous.
Like, this makes you want to cry into a cup of poison.
I'm completely happy joking about killing God's most beautiful creature.
When it comes to kissing little girl's feet, game over.
I would rather ride a beautiful horse and not kill it than continue to talk about this.
Every time you grandpa kisses their their offspring's offspring's feet,
step offspring step offspring step their step offspring offspring's feet.
A horse is destroyed.
And also, Jamie Lee Curtis has a bowel movement.
So she's a busy lady.
She has a lot on her plate because she has to.
Well, to be fair, she never should have signed that sponsorship contract.
Yeah, she should have read it first.
She should have.
She should have.
Uh, yeah, it's a fine print forever and ever.
I want to hear his last question first.
A couple of real quick housekeeping things.
Thank you to female Kyle for posting the Equus video, I guess.
Thank you, I guess.
Yeah, thanks for that.
I love that the top Google result is a video of my of my brother
penetrating my butt with a beer bottle.
That's really good, so my future job opportunities in short are
five years get pretty weird.
You should come out.
Um, that's OK, guys, because I was pretending to be a horse.
So it's totally so it's totally fine.
That was five thirteen.
That's Lori.
Uh, uh, confirm that Travis looked hubba hubba at the live show.
Do you want to point out Travis put together these Twitter shout outs?
So I was I was flattered.
I was flattered, and I agree.
Media underscore fairy.
She risked her job to convert to customers.
So thank you to an emergency brain surgeon.
And what she did was she got deep down in someone's cerebrum
and then I touched the part of their brain that made them like
listening to the weird podcasts.
So thank you for that.
That's just right.
God, we got an email from Kara.
And Kara asked why we don't have a fan club and that she wanted to
start a fan club and how to do that and all that kind of stuff
called the maximum fund.org.
That's not a fan club.
Like that's the nomenclature of fan club.
By the way, fun drinking game for this episode.
Every time we say the word nomenclature, just take a sip of your beverage.
Yeah, it's it's not.
It's a it's a it's a fan community, a think tank of like minded individuals.
OK, I like that tank.
And and it's it's a great it's a great community and you should be on there.
They're good people.
You should also be listening to all the other maximum fun shows.
Yeah, I think the people who I meant to mention,
the people who asked about panty nomenclature.
Panty, did you say that you should really?
That's a question for for the John Hodgman Hodgman podcast.
That's more his wheelhouse, our close personal friend.
John are basically our best friend and second dad and step grandfather.
Jordan, just to get out and self-podcast yourself.
Also, and this is speaking of maximum fun,
the main reason you need to get over there is you need to see the MBMB AM super show,
which is a cartoon made by Christopew,
Sean Depew, the Depew brothers will put it in the forums.
You can also go to bit.ly forward slash MBMB AM tune one.
That's a little shortcut.
Pretty good URL you got there.
It's really, really fantastic.
We can't thank the Depew brothers enough because it's it's it's unthinkably magical.
It's a cartoon of one of our bits.
If you want to see more of them,
if you would write them a giant check,
a giant novelty check to keep making them because you love them so much,
let let them know, let us know, talk about it in the forums, share your adoration.
We'll put it up there right as soon as we're done recording this SOTO.
It'll be there and you should check it totally out.
Is that everything?
I want to thank Mr. Bob Ball.
Oh, yeah.
Bob Ball does the voice intro for a show every single week.
He flies to one of our houses and he records it fresh
because he he doesn't like to he doesn't like the sound to get stale, he says,
which like we've tried to explain to him that that's physically not how it works,
but he won't have it.
Freshest sounds.
That's all he'll settle for.
Thank you so much, Bob Ball.
And thank you, of course, to all of you.
If you get a second, please tell somebody that you care about to listen to the show.
Send them a link to our sampler bit.ly forward slash it's MBMB AM.
And we haven't mentioned in a while,
but if if you've joined the show in like the last 20 or so episodes
and you haven't yet gone on iTunes and thrown us a ranking or a view or something,
we always appreciate it.
So we've got an app there, too.
An MBMB AM app experience that you can get on iTunes.
Also, Happy Father's Day.
Yeah.
Hey, Papa McElroy.
Happy Father's Day.
You know, we should get everybody listening to the show to like message or do a tweet
at McClint, M-A-C-C-L-I-N-T.
I think it's just one word.
It's just Twitter handle.
Just like send him a message saying,
hey, you're like a really good dad.
Good job, Dad.
Thanks for spawning three awesome children.
Yeah.
Well, four.
And then we lost Terry.
Yeah.
He was a bad guy.
Didn't have the chops.
Couldn't have the chops to cut it.
Life.
Griffin, last question.
I'm ready.
Okay.
Feel around your skin.
This one was sent in by Krista Whalen.
Thank you, Krista.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Chinny Yo, who says,
my son thinks that high school is going to be like high school musical.
What should I do?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
You're my brother.
My brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Oh, right on the lip.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks, keep your heart, Three Stacks, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
