The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother, mean advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Boy, the excitement is palpable. It's Sunday morning. We're just two and a half hours
from learning the identity of the new Doctor Who. Do you know what this is? I know how to
equate this for people who don't watch Doctor Who. This is like nerd draft. Yeah, but it's not
really anything like what you just said. It's like nerd primaries. It's like here's the thing,
though. The one thing I wanted to say is that I like my chances. Yeah. Oh, I have. I mean,
have you been what? What step are you currently in in the casting process, Justin? Well,
I'm telling anyone who listened that I like my chances and those that's how rumors get started.
And you know what? Confidence is such is so key in this game. So key. And you took out a full page
ad in the in that one British newspaper that just said for your for your consideration and
for your consideration wearing a very long scarf. It just said Doctor Me question mark. Doctor Who
me? Maybe it's up to you. Do it Britain. How about I had an unconventional thing where like,
you know how like I wore the scarf that Tom Baker wore and I had like the coat that David Tennant
wore. And then I also had the coat that all the doctors have worn. And I wore them all on top.
You were wearing a fez like you sat down with the writers. You're like,
guys, cast me. I have a great idea. I'm like the mashup guy. I got through time and I got
all my garments. So I'm really all the doctors in one. And if you take away all my coats,
then I'm just inside. I'm just not real. Not a real doctor. Who would you guys like to see
as the new? Who's your ideal doctor? Oh, God. So tough. What's David Tennant doing?
So he's he's otherwise occupied. I think it'd be a ball. It'd be a real baller move for them to
be like, he is the 13th doctor. It does look like him. It was David Tennant. What do you mean?
For me, it's a toss up between because it seems to oscillate between like sort of the austere
doctor and the like playful, fun doctor. So for me, it's really between Jeff Goldblum or
Zachary Ty Bryant. I would love to see ZTB get back in the mix. It can go because like his would
be like a fresh. But like when people when they cast Matt Smith, they're like, this is going to
be a fresh, fun doctor. And they were right. He was fresh and fun. But if they want to go a
different route, something a little more a more something a little more dignified, something with
more pauses in his in his speech, you know, with the bloom, right? The bloom. But if you want to
keep it even fun. So you're saying if they need a 180 from Matt Smith to someone who's even more fun
and even more fresh, you turn to Zachary Ty Bryant, Zachary Ty Bryant, because really,
it's his fucking time to shine. What if you got an actor who already had experience as a doctor?
And you got George Clooney. He was great as Batman. He was great as Batman, Batman doctor,
basically the same person. You don't notice how you don't see the doctor and Batman in the same
room at the same time. Not in my fanfiction. I. L-O-D-E.
Geronimo. Who's the guy that people are floating right now? The real guy? Peter Capaldi. Peter
McNichol. Peter McNichol. From the hit show Alley McBeal and Slave to Viggo. They haven't had a
doctor with a forehead that's really like a seven or eight head. You know what I mean? Yeah. They
haven't put a slap of a dignified forehead on that doctor. And then they want some space time.
We've given enough advice to the people at BBC. We should help some actual people. This is still
an advice program after all. I mean, for crying out loud. Although side note, if you want a three
headed doctor, we will all play it together. Like in a Greek chorus. How about that art? Put it on
our Facebook and we'll send you a dollar. Can we put the dancing baby as the doctor from Alley
McBeal? I love that guy. Ooga chogger, right you guys? Where has he been? He's now a dancing
middle aged man. He would thwart anyone. Like what are you going to do to a baby in a long scarf and
11 coats that's just dancing? Do you want a jelly baby? How about a dancy baby? What about Johnny
Depp? Cause he's got like, he's got a pretty distinct style. You know what I mean? Like he's
already got all the scarves. He's already got, he wears mini coats. Thank you so much for having me,
considering me. I really appreciate the role. Would like it to be more of like a, like a racist
caricature. What can we, I was thinking what if the doctor is like, yo man, yo. What do you think?
How would that go? What if he said, I saw get in my tardies like that. What do you think? I think
it would be really a fresh day. It's about time for these, for these races to be represented
in our culture. Let's tear down these walls. I really think that I am the vehicle. I'm the
crucible through which these races will be presented. I think I could play Samoan. Am I right
you guys? Just a big fat doctor. Think about it. Big fat Samoan doctor. That's racist. Think about
it. That you think all Samoans are overweight. I don't think that, but that's what Johnny Depp
thinks. He's a racist in this. Cause Dr. Who's a racist, so it's a great fit. Remember that little
bit, that little gag he used to do about Dr. Who being a giant racist. Oh man, classic. Digging
out the archives. We already did one clip show. We can't keep fucking reviving the past. No,
we haven't done like a flashback clip show though, where it's like, you guys remember that time?
What did everybody think of the clip shot? I didn't see the reaction. Nobody liked it. Nobody
liked it. All right. Well, good, good to know. Let's do a new one then. Recently, my teenage
sister has begun to claim that she is gluten sensitive. She says she gets diarrhea whenever
consuming these products. This has resulted in a lot of inconvenience as we now have to screen
every restaurant's gluten-free options to see if we can eat there or not. She's the only one in
our family with any food allergy. However, she will often eat donuts, breads, and other snack foods,
or even whole dinners, which do contain gluten with apparently few side effects.
And when we were reminded of this, she said she doesn't care because she wants it.
Am I right in calling her out in these situations or should I just keep quiet and let her deal with
her own side effects, if any? That's from gluten trouble in Green, Texas. Oh, that's a tough one.
No, it's not. Fuck that noise. When she starts eating too many donuts,
you stand up, you point at her and yell, you're a gluten.
Well, no, you say, I had four fucking peanuts for dinner last night because we went to a nice
restaurant that catered to your delicate constitution. And now you're over here slamming
super donuts? That doesn't seem fair. Am I misreading the question?
No, you're absolutely correct. I think, okay, let me first and foremost state that there are
people in this world that are gluten sensitive and have gluten allergies and this is a real thing.
That said, I think that this is one of those things that especially younger people,
and it's going to become like a fad thing where people go, yeah, I'm also gluten sensitive because
I put on weight when I eat a lot of bread or, you know, I get a tummy ache when I eat too many
donuts. And it's just people trying to be cool and have something special about them that they're not
unless they really do at which point. That shit's no joke. When you get that,
what is it? Fucking the bone you get like Cialis. That's not what it is.
I don't think it's the Cialis boner pills. Yes. Yeah. I don't think that's what you get. I don't
think that's what you get if you eat too much like bread and pasta. No, I think that that's
although I've gone to the, I've gone to the spaghetti factory before and
have food that was so good that it chubbed me. I think that, I think that she can have it one
of two ways. Either she can stick to her fake gluten story or you can start flipping this on
her. And when she complains about going to a restaurant that doesn't have good gluten free
options, you just say, well, I want it. I thought that went in this family. If she has Cialis,
then like she wouldn't be eating donuts and be like, oh, I'm so bad. Special treat for me. She'd
be like, ah, my bones don't work. I would say it's in all probability, it's, it's an attention
getting thing where she's like, well, we need to go to the restaurant I want to go to because of
my gluten sensitivity. Maybe she just loves steak. She just fucking loves it. And she'll only go to
a place to have that. Listen guys, I'm sorry. We're going to have to go to Sizzler again.
I don't want to go to bread born. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think has wonderful gluten free
options by the way. I don't think is gluten sensitive the right term because this makes
her sound like some sort of, um, some sort of psychic, some sort of S S perfect. I feel the
gluten's pain. There's some sourdough nearby. I can feel it in my Cialis bones. Put both your
hands behind your back. Put a scone in one of them. Okay. It's fall from NBC. There's Brad
nearby. Get out of here. Seven Eastern, six central Cialis sisters Friday nights at 1120.
Jeff Goldblum is a 10 minute PSA disguises the television show produced by Jeff Goldblum.
Just like you used to watch in high school about basically any topic.
Um, I don't think to anybody it's gluten insensitive. Whoa. If that was a real thing,
I'd know. Of course people are, but I wish I was. That's what I wanted to say. Is it basically
carbs? Is that what gluten is? Gluten is only in bread. So here's the thing about it though. This
is where they trick you. Think like, Oh, that would be great. Cause I could stop eating bread.
Maybe lose a few of these LBs, but then oops, twist beer. Yeah. That's how it's anything derived
from wheat, I guess. So I think gluten, I've learned from watching Alton Brown that gluten
is like the bonds that form with like wheat and stuff and bread and stuff with the sugars.
You turn to my brother, my brother and me for one thing and that's nutritional. That's how you get
that fucking Cialis disease is that gluten gets inside your bones and it's like, Oh, you want me
to, do you want me to stick these bones together? And it's like, no gluten, gluten. I want you to
be digested. And I want you to turn into energy for my body that I can use to play sports.
It's okay. So I'll just stick them together. Let me just get your hip and your fibia and oops.
I fucked up. Sorry. I'll do better next time. You won't. Hey, I made you have diarrhea. Sorry.
I hit a button or something.
I was carrying this tray and I bumped it with my hip. That was my bad. You guys.
I hope you liked that donut earlier. Cause I'm, I'm really taking you to do keys out.
Let me just get absorbed in your colon and up. Nope. I did it bad. Sorry guys. Try the best.
Oh, gluten. Gluten. It's so dumb. Griffin. How about Yahoo? Yeah. I got some Yahoo's. Thanks
everybody for sending in Yahoo's. I had two weeks worth to choose from, which is always very exciting.
This Yahoo was sent in by Meredith Mahan. Thanks Meredith. It's by Yahoo answers user question
mark. By the way, you guys know that when a Yahoo answers user name is question mark,
that means they've been kicked off of the Yahoo answer service, but their questions remain.
Somebody told me that that seems crazy to me. Like why wouldn't they delete the questions too?
Well, cause the wisdom is still permeating the system. Yeah. I like to think of this as
like their, their tombstone. They got who answers epitaph. Ever since I've done yoga,
ladies started to really feel attracted around me like a magnet. Yeah. Does yoga release a lot
of pheromones or something because females keeps staring at me and touch me as well. Also come
close. Is that at the end? Like, I don't know if that's a correct command. There's one other thing.
Um, it's that it opens your genital chakras. I mean, I mean, okay. All right. Let's, uh,
is there, we've, we've already debunked gluten, right? That's not real. Gluten doesn't exist.
Gluten doesn't exist unless it does. If you have Cialis, can we talk like, is there some shit
to this? Like, can you get like, Travis, you've done, you've striked me as the only person of
the three of us that has ever actually done yoga. I mean, I, I did bullshit theater yoga.
I've done some yoga in my time. I got a morning routine. Helps me wake up. You do that.
Sun salute. I do that. Sun salute to down face dog. Love it. Name two more.
Upward facing baby. Bindo. Bindo is. Stork presses. The windmill swing. The life of pie.
Jedi attack. Dragon squeeze. You do that pomegranate slider. Mm hmm. Wolf yips. Jamba juice.
Pinkberry. Jamba Jovi. Um, that's just some of my yoga moves. I, uh, I, I mean, if I played
Street Fighter II, if yoga could teach you to spit fire at people. Sure. And shoot your leg across
the battlefield. Shoot your leg across there. I don't see why. God, we are making some gross
racial misrepresentations. I didn't do it. Street Fighter and David Tennant did. Or, sorry, Johnny
Depp. Yeah, David Tennant's pretty racist too. Slander, slander, slander. I, I think there's
probably some shit to this. I think if you, I think, I think, okay. Meditation probably has
some sort of, I mean, it definitely has some sort of psychological centering effect on you that,
that I think makes your, your brain game a little healthier. I think we can all, I think we can all
sort of just acknowledge that face value fact. That's why Buddhist monks laid on 24-7. Yeah.
Oh, um, I think, I think there's some shit to this. I don't know about like the, you know,
third eye and shit like that, but I think it probably does make you like more confident.
Makes, certainly makes you limberer and God knows. But he did it once. I just want to throw out in
this question, the question asker did yoga once. I mean, he doesn't, I mean, he did, he phrased
it as I've done yoga. So that does kind of make it sound like a last, he's completed yoga. He
solved it last Saturday. There was a free class at the JC. This is interesting because we had a
question from a yoga guy who, uh, everyone he dated thought he would be like really spiritual
and stuff. Right. And, and, and, and all the time. And he's not, cause he's like just a dude that
like watch his Ninja warrior at night and like eats Slim Jims and jerks off. Like he's just like
every other dude in that, in that those are the three things. Every other guy. There's something
in his aura from doing yoga that is attracting people to him that they're led to that. I think
maybe we just like anybody that'll take the time to stretch. Maybe that's it. Like if you, you are
like a man who doesn't pull his hammies. You like, you took the time to really stretch and I didn't
do that. And I've never done that. So I am envious of you. Yeah. I respect you. I think there's
probably some sort of, I think there are these power centers inside of our body. Now stick with
me. Okay. I'm in. No, I'm into it. Go on. Okay. There are power centers inside our body from
which we project our, our auras, if that's what you want to call it or care bear stairs, if you
will. And when, yeah, if you want to think about it that way. And then when you align that shit,
like, like the planets, then your shit gets like way more powerful and people can read that shit
and will want to fuck you. I actually read about that in a Malcolm Gladwell's, the outliers. He
said that exact paragraph. You're just cribbing. You know, is there, let me hit you with this other
thing that I have for you. This is another observation. A lot of times when you're
trying to get to the bottom of something, scientifically, you got to look at X factors.
What are the, what are the qualifying things that might also be causing a reaction so you
can separate causation? Do you maybe have some really cool pants you wear while yoga? Do they
have like maybe a sweet dragon on them? Or they say like, or an enumerated list of things that
make you an attractive sexual partner. Yeah. Like, like you put on the pants and up one leg,
it says like, number one, cool dick. Number two, I can't have sex for a super long time without
stopping. Number three, I don't sweat very much. Is it possible that this person was just like
perfectly balanced at unattractive and attractive. And then they did yoga and it was just like the
feather on the scale that just tipped it over into attractive. But you're saying that as if,
as if like every, every member of the opposite sex, it thinks of like people doing yoga is like,
like, oh, that's yeah. Want that goes even deeper because unless he's advertising it,
unless he's walking to the bar going by the way, ladies yoga guy right here,
then just that the ladies can sense it. I think if anyone ever did that thing that you just said,
it would clear the, clear the room. I think probably, Hey, yoga man. Hey, no big deal guys,
but yoga man right here. Hey, you ever been with a genuine yoga man,
the party can start right now. Folks. I'm not selling you snake oil. Although I will rub snake
oil essentially on your body while we yoga together sexually. It's better than yogurt,
man. That's what I try to get going for a while. That did not pan out. Sometimes I just walk in
and say good humor, man. And people are like, Ooh. And I'm like, no, I just tell jokes.
Yahoo answers user Maria said, it responded and said, girls, like when guys do yoga,
because there's lots of yoga moves that can be incorporated into sex and lead to a massive
orgasm. Two things, two points of two points of order. If I may go on, I don't think.
Are they talking about the massive orgasm for the partner or for the person doing the yoga?
Because I don't think any, I don't think that quote massive orgasm in quote is something that
the other person is ever looking for that person to have like, Oh man, here comes a bucket.
Did you just do the dragon squeeze Christ? Um, second. Oh my God. Was that a Chamba Jovi?
That would be an unconventional pickup line. Hey girl tonight. I would like
to have a massive orgasm and I would very much like your attendance to my orgasm.
I would like you to be there. I need a witness. I need a, I need a second.
There are some things I would like to incorporate into our lovemaking.
I need a spotter for the massive orgasm I'm going to have.
Just give me some orange juice afterwards and make sure orange juice. It'll be very,
very much like after giving blood. That is how drained I will be. Hey, listen, girl,
if you see me start to shake around, you just put a wooden spoon in her mouth
and just try to say back. This is going to be a massive. I'll give you a list of my
emergency contacts. So if you need to call my parents or something,
um, secondly, I don't think people actually look at people doing yoga and try and figure out how
the geometry of the shape of their bodies in those positions would, would align with a sexual,
like when I see somebody with their like legs bent behind them and their elbows bent behind them and
they are sticking their pelvis directly in the air, forming a circle with their bodies.
I don't look at that and immediately think like that would be, that would be cool to have sex
with. I think like trying to have sex with that is like when you go to the beach and your beach
towel like keeps crumpling up below, beneath you and you try to like flatten it out so you can get
a good sit going, but it's, it's uncooperative. You know what I mean? No. You mean it's like going
to like a pool and you can't figure out the chairs and how they collapse? That's exactly,
that's exactly what, thank you. That's a way, way, way better metaphor. Do you think that there are,
there is one yoga pose, like you could pair them off so that for every yoga pose,
there's a corresponding pose, another one that would have perfect sex. Like a complimentary,
like if you do downward facing dog and upward facing cat. Oh, look out. Then you get outward
facing orgasm everywhere. Oh, gross. I'm going to have to move again. What if you're in a yoga
class and your instructor said, now I've been working on this position for a while. It's going
to be really cool. And then he like, he folds himself up and transforms into a car and drives
away. He doesn't need to eat hot food. He just does it. He just just like that. That's the noise.
Okay. I got another question. I'm a guy. Okay. Whenever I see, sorry, I'm a guy. And whenever I
see friends who I've not spoken to in a while, I don't have any good catching up questions.
I feel like maybe this is a guy thing since girls seem to have long and excited conversations when
they see someone for the first time in some time. But I just go straight back to normal conversation
as if we hadn't had time away from each other. Is that normal? How do you guys catch up with friends?
How have you been doing? Doesn't demand anything other than fine. Thanks in response. And any other
questions I think of are too vague to generate anything worthwhile. I'm still in school, which
I'm guessing is pretty relevant. It's extremely, extremely completely relevant. It is super,
super Jermaine Jackson to this guy. The thing I remember most about going to school in Oklahoma
is every time I would return home to West Virginia, there were two different classifications of
people. There was one classification that were my actual real life friends that would be like,
oh, hey, and then we would just hang out. Like I hadn't been gone for four months.
And then there were people that without fail asked the question, so how's Oklahoma? Yeah.
To which my response was always very flat. It's very windy. Thank you very much. I think that
that you bring up the the role of gender in this. And I don't think it plays a part. No,
I think I think it I think it does to an extent, but not to not in the way that you think of it.
I think that everybody reaches an age where they sort of circle back around and say, man,
I have not kept in very good touch with my friends. I need to like make a more concerted
effort to stay involved in their lives because it's uncomfortable when I do see them and like
I have no fucking idea like what they're up to. I think that women do reach that point a bit
earlier than dudes do. Like I think like in most aspects of life, like women mature a bit faster
in that sense where they're like, I don't know, a few years before dudes, they have the realization
of like, oh, man, I need to I need to get on the phone more and like talk to my friends.
This will surprise no one. But I'm I'm just abysmal at this. I mean, just the absolute worst.
Because here's my fear. I mean, and I think it's legitimate. My fear is that I will.
I'll ask someone the question of the thing that they absolutely don't want to talk about.
So how's your girlfriend? Oh, we we broke up. Yeah, exactly. How's your family? Dead. That's
Falcone. My whole family's dead. Pray to me.
Yes, I think that the act of catching up is one that requires you to debase yourself on a level.
It is. That's exactly what it is, Griffin. It is laying yourself at their altar and like,
I am so sorry. This is my admission. I have no shit. I have no clue. I have no idea.
I am a fucking it really does require you to say, like, I'm a fucking terrible friend because I
didn't know that, like, you dumped this person two years ago, started dating someone else.
You're married and you have five kids. Like, I fucked up. That's here's the here's the other
side of that coin, though. When that happens to me, like if I say, like, so how's how's things,
you know, how's what's her face or whatever? And then they say, oh, you know, we broke up.
If they handle it well, if they're like, oh, you know, we broke up a while ago. I'm actually seeing
someone new. She's great. Right. And it's like, OK, cool. This is the type of person I want to
catch up with again the next time I see them. If they're above you, Dick, we broke up and it's been
real rough in my head. I mark out their names on a giant list. Next time, no eye contact.
Yep. Gave it a shot. But that one's done. You blew it. The funny thing about this is and I think
it's time to be if I'm being honest, I think when we are on the reverse side of the situation,
and there is a part of all of us that says, man, I hope they ask about that one thing because I'm
going to fucking drop the bomb on this wall. Please, please, please. I'm going to win this
catching up. You're saying that there's you're saying there's an inherent joy associated with
like fucking shaming somebody like dropping the bomb on them. Oh, I haven't been doing that for
like four years. What the fuck? What are you talking about? Here's here's the thing, though.
I. I think that like I get I get psyched after those conversations happen like after it's if
it's somebody that like I'm I genuinely like want to reconnect with them, I'm like, you have to get
curious about what those people have been up to. Like you have to want to genuinely catch up and
not be making small talk because after I do that, like after I catch up with an old friend, which
like I've been doing a lot of, especially with like getting married, like I've been sending out
invitations to people that I don't talk to other than like once a year where we have a very
superficial catch up time, like I get fucking psyched to be it's like it's like catching up
on a TV show that everybody's talking about. It's like, oh, I like I'm right there with you now.
And now we can like talk on the reg because I I am up to date with the latest and greatest of your
shit. The Griffin make a great point. And it's sort of central to this, I think, is that the secret
to it is you have to be if you're having a hard time coming up with a question for a person,
you maybe need to reevaluate getting interested in in that person getting getting interested in
people because like that's we've talked about it a lot. And it's kind of like an old Dale Carnegie
thing. But like that's how you make friends and keep them is you get you get interested in people.
But if you can't think of anything you're curious about, then that that may be a sign that you
maybe need to reevaluate like your approach because you should be curious if you care about somebody
even a little bit, then you should kind of be curious about what's going on. But I would say
that I think that there is a certain amount of that. Hey, how's it going? Haven't seen you a
while. Oh, it's going great. Like there's a reason that everybody does that, because that's that's
the agreed upon like exchange between two people that aren't actually close, but haven't seen in
each other in a while. And it's it's letting go of the shame of being like, oh, I don't care about
this person. They don't care about you. If you're going to dinner with like 13 old friends for an
hour, like that's not that that's not the venue to be like, tell me everything that's happened to
you. Like we lost touch in college. Tell me everything that's happened to you. Like you have
to like, you know, put in the time to call them and like just swallow it. Because here's the thing,
like they obviously haven't kept in touch with you either. So like if they're genuinely interested
in what you've been up to, then there's no there's no like downside to swallowing your pride and
admitting like, I haven't kept up with your shit. Like, let's let's let's reconnect now. And then
we don't. Hopefully, if we do a better job of staying in touch, we never have to have this
conversation ever again. Yeah, start walking with them before you just like start running,
you know, ask the little questions first and then get into like the big shit and start or start
running. They'll never catch you. They will not see it. I've got friends, you know, that I went
to college with. And there are some people that I see, you know, randomly running into what I'm in,
you know, a different city. And it's like, oh, hey, what's up? How's it going? And then I have some,
you know, my friend Trevor, I hadn't seen in like five years. And we just instantly dropped into
a conversation like, you know, we were hung out the day before, you know, it's just knowing how
to interact with different friends is kind of it's a case by case basis. But just, you know,
care, be friends, just care. That's all you have to do is care or are hide better. There's a part
of me whenever I get in a conversation like that, it's kicking myself like I should have gone
should have gone behind the winter coats. Why did I leave the house? They should have never,
they would have never seen you there. Oh, that's a grim window. And my psyche. That's the new name
of the podcast. I once ripped my little brother's foil Charizard Pokemon card in a fit of teenage
rage. It has been 12 years and my brother still has not forgiven me. He said the card was worth
$50 and I've provided him with money quite a few times over the years, but he still brings up that
Pokemon card every chance he gets. How can I get him to forgive me or at least quit bringing it up?
That's from Amber in Arizona. Oh, well, let me ask you this. Like Griffin, for example,
how would you make it up to someone if say you reformatted a PlayStation memory card and erase
someone's final fantasy seven game when they were moments away from beating the game and they'd put
like a hundred hours into it? How would you make that up to someone? And say they like collected
everyone's like final weapons and, and final limit breaks. Um, and they were very, very close to
beating the game and you reformatted the card. How would you make that up to them? I think,
I think setting them free from their Japanese role playing game prison that their mind had
been in their, their, their teenage, their, their vulnerable teenage mind had been imprisoned in
instead of like going around and like having sex with, with women and like, you know, making friends
and forging lifelong memories and friendships and like go into the football game and tailgating and
like getting in trouble and like, you know, staying out after curfew and like doing all
this shit from that Jack and Diane song. I think that that's a fucking reward in and of itself.
So you're saying that the action itself was a kindness.
Yes. I'm saying, I'm saying you had a very serious addiction
and I swooped in there like John Quinones. Maybe an option is to tell your brother
that you realized that that card was an idol to him and now shall have no false idols above
thy Lord God. So you were trying to save his immortal soul by destroying that card,
which he worshiped. Yeah. That's, that's precisely it, man. The ending of that game is so fucking
good though. I fucking hate you so much. I, you know what, man, I would still be angry too.
That card is so rare. It's like the kids in my middle school who had that card,
it was like a fucking status symbol. It had nothing to do with the value on a chain around
their necks. It had nothing to do with the value of the card. It had to do with like
the triumph. Cause cause you say it's worth $50, but it's actually worth however much money he
spent on Pokemon cards to get that card. Which was, which was probably in the thousands. I think
what you're going to have to do is name your first born child Charizard foil. I'm sorry.
Yeah. And then let your sister tear them in half. That's the wisdom of Solomon right there, Justin.
Here's okay. I can make this very easy for you. It is not a problem. Go to eBay. I just did it
for you. Type Charizard card and it's $30. Okay. Just grab one for $30. Do you understand the
difference? You get it. You throw it in his face and say they were square. Well, no. Tear it in
front of him again. This is my card. You can tear it in half now if you want. There's a Pokemon
Charizard first edition base set shadowless card graded PSA eight near mint hollow. You can get
that for $750 on eBay right now. One thing I do want to say about this listing is that 15 people
are looking at it an hour according to eBay, which is a great short story in and of itself.
There's 15 people are like, Oh, I'm going to get you. I'm sorely tempted. I fucking cashed out
way too soon. I fucking got out of this more out of this trade craft way too early, like a decade
too early. You know, but Griffin for every dude who got out of Pokemon is too early. There's a
dude who's just, there's like 30 dudes who are just sitting on pogs being like, they're coming
back. Here they come. This sweet Wolverine slammer. It's going to be worth something when he comes
out. I think I read a story in the examiner like a month or so ago about this family that spent
like 50, 50 G's, like 50 large stacks on, um, on Beanie Babies. And the headline was family regrets
amount of money they spend on Beanie Babies. Yeah, no shit dog. Like that's, that seems pretty,
I don't think you need that in 18 point font. Like I think, I think that's pretty,
I watched the little video that company that is a little documentary, uh, that accompanied that
and the dad who was sort of the driving force had his t-shirt on and I said, bankrupted by Beanie's.
Mm-hmm. And I think that he probably got it when Beanie's were popular and he could wear it and
other Beanie fans would be like, oh you. And now it's like literal. No, no, no, no, no. Listen,
I've been literally bankrupted by Beanie's. I brought so much shame to my family. It seems
almost accused. We've been eating Beanie Babies. We've been eating the beans that are inside of
them. It seems almost accusatory, doesn't it? That like you can't like fucking blame this on the
banking bust. Like somebody, all the banks sold me these predatory Beanie Baby futures. Like no,
you dumb shit. Like the Beanie Baby bubble is busted. Yeah. I can't, I can't deal with Pokemon
cards right now because I'm going to get the $750 one for Griffin for the birthday. What do you do
with a $750 Pokemon card after you buy it? Tear it in half and feel more powerful. You can.
It's me. It's Jay Z coming over the crib tonight. We're tearing in half $750 Pokemon card. Everybody
that walks in gets to tear in half a rare Pokemon card. We're using some as coasters.
We're eating some. I got a, I got a holofoil Jigglypuff I got from, from the launch of the
first movie back in 2001. We're going to roll a J with it. It's going to taste fucking gross
because I don't know what they put in holofoil. I bet like nickel and shit. We're never going to
afford these cards if we don't get rich. I want to tell you guys about my hot new podcast that
I don't make, but I heard about it's called, you're taking over. I'm taking it over. Check
out Justin McElroy's ninjas versus podcast on iTunes. And you can go head to arcade comedy
theater.com. This ninjas versus podcast is a weekly comedy debate show and they're performing
their first ever live show at the arcade comedy theater in Pittsburgh. Ninjas versus podcast
consists of three friends deliberating burning queries like Mumford and Sons versus Sanford and
Son and which is better, great comedic timing or great comedic miming. This show is going to be
August 15th, 9 PM. You're going to have to pay five bucks and there's free beer. So that's the
yeah. Mission is $5 and there's free beer. Yes. So what this is, is an ad from us to you for $5 beer
that you can drink. All you can drink. Well, they didn't say that. It could just be like,
like a Dixie cup. You show up and they give you like a Dixie cup of a Pilsner,
but that's probably so that's either way you're going to be laughing and that's maybe that's why
you can drink too. Maybe we've had like gastric bypass. Uh, maybe you're going to have a gluten
sensitivity. Become a fan beforehand. Good. Uh, ninjas versus podcast on iTunes. And then when
you're ready, heading over to arcade comedy theater to get some, uh, details on the show.
And even if you don't like the show, $5 all you can drink. You can listen to a podcast in the
background where you get blasted. Well, why not? I mean, I don't think they appreciate us saying
you can drown them out over the sounds of your own gulping because then what you might find is,
oh wait, I love this. You'll, you'll be too busy guzzling to laugh at the jokes.
No, I'm sure it's speaking of guzzling speaking of God, worst one ever speaking of guzzling
extremistrace.com is your adult super store. Oh, I don't want to guzzle up the savings. Yeah,
I'm sure that's what it is. Yeah, that's what you meant. Travis, uh, extremistrace.com is
my favorite website for adult toys. I personally, uh, want to recommend this to you. Here's,
here's what I wanted to feature this week. The oppressor chastity device. Now what this does is
it hurts your wiener, but here's the other thing. It can also hurt your butt with a little spherical
ball, uh, that you, I think you sit on it and it can go in your butt and hold your wiener wherever
you want to feel unpleasant. One, one word to you, one word to you, butt sphere. Good luck getting in
there. Good luck. Have nice, have a good time trying, but, uh, I think you're going to find
it pretty difficult there. I tell you the item that I, now that I've received some, uh, things
from extremistrace.com as a, uh, in paid spokesperson, I think the one thing that they need,
uh, that they don't seem to sell, at least not that I've seen is secret box, which is these look
great when they're on your wiener and in your butt, but they can't always be there. So I need
them to invest in like secret horror compartments that I, no one can access and no one can know
about like, what if it was, what if it was just like camouflage things where it's like, this looks
like a flower pot, but what's that? It's your anal beads. Yeah. What, what if little, little Susie
and little Tim Tim are searching around for Christmas presents and what did they find?
The opposite of Christmas presents. Oh, what if it's just a box that says vegetables then?
Vegetable taxes, they sell a little box with a printed out piece of paper that says vegetable
taxes. Here's the thing is that they're in my house right now in my home where I live. There's
an, there's a foot long plastic dick that's four inches around and I've hidden it as best I can.
But let's say this, if anybody comes by my house and they need a tote bag, I hope they don't pick
that one. Or what if there's a fire and later they're cleaning up all of the stuff, the wreckage
and they move, you know, a burned chair and boom, there's a big unburned dick. Yeah. Oh, by the way,
everything sold at Extreme Restraints is completely inflammable. They should make airplanes out of
them, out of giant plastic dicks. Go to ExtremeRestraints.com and use the coupon code
SEXABUNGA to save 20%. Still going strong. And thank you to them. Thank you, hackers. Thank you,
Snowden, for not leaking our shit. We really, really appreciate it.
I'm Cameron Esposito and I'm the host of Maximum Fun's new podcast, Wham Bam Pow,
a sci-fi movie show and action movies. Also, did I forget to say action movies?
Every week I'll be joined by Mr. Ricky Carmona and Ms. Ria Butcher and we are going to chat about
films. We're going to tell jokes. We're going to be hilarious. We're going to play games. We're
going to have guests. We're going to give reviews. It's going to blow your mind. If you want to
listen to the show, you can find it at MaximumFun.org or you can subscribe on iTunes. Can you believe
how many things I just listed? So many things. Wham! That's great.
Hey guys, I'm feeling kind of rural right now. Oh, good. Yeah. And you know what that means.
It's time for farm wisdom. Farm wisdom. Pick up your pitchfork and fork a pitch. Farm wisdom.
Um, somebody accused you of stealing that shit. Did you see that? Somebody,
somebody put you on blast on Twitter. What did I steal it from? One of those, uh, Perry,
Perry Ellis songs. Now who's the guy who did the baby monkey riding backwards on a pig.
Yeah. Like all his songs sounded like that, but it's my song. I don't think he has one called farm
wisdom. I mean, no, but like the melody music melody, you can't claim music and lyrics by
Justin McElroy on that anymore in the credits of the podcast. I'm, I've been meaning to put
credit to the end of the podcast, but now I'm not even going to start guys. Did Travis,
Travis farm wisdom hit me? I'm ready. Did you know that farmers feed magnets to their cows
in order to prevent or treat hardware disease? Holy shit. Hardware disease is just like it sounds
when a cow eats a piece of hardware, a nail screw, a piece of barbed wire and get sick.
When you feed the cows, the magnet usually drops into the reticulum compartment of the stomach
and attracts any metal. The cow ate and the stomach muscles contract to help move food around
loose metal can puncture through the stomach wall and traveled to other areas of the body
and have been found puncturing the heart. The magnet helps keep the metal safely in the stomach
and that's from Jess. Okay. Wait a minute. Stop farmers. That's a pretty smart idea.
What's not so smart is calling that a disease guys. That's not a disease.
They squat. How dumb are you farmers? I thought you guys were on point.
Hard diseases are terms. That's not a disease. You swallowed a nail.
You just call like hardware. Oopsie. When I get stabbed, I don't say I have knife items.
I can't come in today. I've got a very, very bad case of knife.
Uh, this other one, I forget who actually always reads these traps. Always read them.
I'll let Griffin read the second one.
Mountain lions will chase down and murder anything that tries to run away from them.
Fuck. If you try, uh, if you find yourself being stalked by one, stand your ground,
maintain eye contact, make as much noise as possible. Start masturbating very, very, very fast.
Mountain lions hate masturbators. They are scared of, they are scared of,
they're scared of it. Humans do it. Never turn your back, uh, bend over or crouch down in any
circumstances. All this stuff about masturbation was fake. Sorry. Why?
It's a fucking dominant, it's a fucking dominant thing.
I see a mountain lion. That's Jordan by the way. Thanks Jordan.
I see a mountain lion and my reaction is to turn around and bend over.
Is this what you want? Is this what you want, mountain lion?
You like that hiding? Good luck! Super fucking tight!
I wasted like $20 on SherwoodShanks.com trying to find something to go in there.
I also, I feel like this is one of those pieces of advice that's like really great to hear.
If I see a mountain lion, what's not going to through my, go through my brain is,
now is the time to not run away.
Now's the time to prove, to prove, you got something to prove to this cougar.
I am not going to make eye contact with that mountain lion and I'm not going to say anything.
I'm going to be running and pooping my pants.
No, what you're going to do, Travis, is you're going to start taking your dick out and you'd
be like, wait, which was the real thing?
Ah, fuck. I just doomed Travis. Maybe, maybe mountain lions really don't like it.
Another hiker claimed by mountain lion masturbation disease.
You could probably, you could probably creep a mountain lion out pretty solidly that way.
Hey, whoa, whoa. Oh, I didn't say stop.
My, you guys want to Yahoo? Yeah, please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray. Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know? It's asked by Yahoo answer. She's your question mark.
Another one. Another one claimed.
Can a 27 year old sign up for high school again?
I want to see if I can go back to high school. I have a car and bigger muscles now,
so I think I'll be more popular the second time around and I've always wanted to be prom king.
So what do I need to go back to high school?
Is this buzz marketing for 21 Jump Street?
I'm getting, I'm getting my masters in high school. I'm getting my post grad in high school.
What you need is a teaching certificate.
And then you can go back as a teacher. I guess that's true.
Yeah, that's the only way you can go like that and then beat up all the people who are mean to you.
I guess there's no loophole where you can, like, I recognize now at the age of 26 when I finished,
unless I go back for some, some master's program, which doesn't seem likely, like I've done all the
school I'm going to do. And it's only now that I realized like, man, I actually like learning like
fuck. I wish I'd paid attention to like anything. Yeah, I feel that way too. Now I'm, now that I'm
older, I'm like reading books to teach myself. I'm like trying to teach myself like complex
subjects that are impossible to teach yourself. And I'm like, man, if only I had fucking like
done anything, like any amount of work instead of just like the requisite shit to get by.
I think college should be something you get to do in installments. Cause that way you really
appreciate it. Cause as you get older, you, you want to learn. I like learning now. Back then I
hated waking up more. I think that after like when you complete your sophomore year, someone should
sit you down and be like, are you appreciating this? And you're like, yeah, I'm not. I'm probably
not. I'm like, okay, great. Cool. Cool. Cool. Um, just go off for a while. And, uh, when you do
appreciate this, we'll welcome you back. But Trav, you can't put that gene like that. If there's a
definition of what adulthood is, it's realizing that you didn't appreciate stuff enough. Cause
that's it. Cause if you could figure out how to turn back time and do that easy stuff again,
cause like, let's be honest, going to college for all its ups and downs is a lot easier than having
a job. Yeah. So what if, what if we start giving jobs to 12 year olds and then you work from 12 to
21 and then you get to go back to school? What if the only jobs that we give them are college
professors? I think your best bet is to procreate and then you and your child get into a very loud
and public fight in front of a gypsy and they freaky Friday you. That's just one of many options
you have. And then at the end of the movie, the gypsy is like, you learned your lessons,
time to switch you back. And it's like, actually, you know, I'm actually like, I'm like pretty cool
actually. As is our second big freaky Friday reference though. I think we referenced it like
10 episodes ago. Cause I think that in reality, every adult wants to be fucking 16. That's the
greatest lie of all. Cause if you're, if you're a kid again, it's like, Whoa, okay, I'm going to go
on the run now and let my teenager die in my old body. Fuck you, dad. Enjoy taxes, bitch. Enjoy
vegetables and or taxes, but don't look in the vegetable taxes box. Oh God. That would be the
only reason to switch back. Cause you're afraid of your child adult finding your vegetable taxes box.
All right, dad, son, it's tight. It's April. I really need to E file.
Where are they at? Where's the documents? I'm still trying to learn about documents.
Um, I don't do this. Don't go to a high school like you are as you are now as a man,
you won't, you won't be allowed in. They won't let you in like you are now you're old and they'll
know. They'll know that you, that you don't want to do great things there. So don't even, I wouldn't
even try. It probably seems like a good idea in the brain. Um, but I'm pretty sure hindsight is
going to be 20, 20 on this particular thing that you want to do. That's terrible. Especially when
you're on 2020. And they're like, what were you thinking? And you're like, you know, in hindsight,
this grown man tried to wear a Justin Bieber t-shirt and go back to high school.
What would you do? What would it, but fucking, what if he went four years and made to senior
prom and he was in the running and then like two days before, like, I don't know, some,
some kid lost his legs that it was also in the running, lost his legs in some sort of
industrial accident. And this guy's like, fuck, like I spent four years for this day.
And this is the worst day of my life. And this kid's going to fucking swoop in at the last
second. He probably won't be swooping. Like some sort of legless Tarzan.
Yeah. Son of a bitch on the plus side. Got to do it again. Do it again. Start all over in a
different town plus side. I'm sick at times tables and my cursive is off the chart. It's fucking
insane. They don't do cursive actually anymore. I don't think in schools. That's why no one writes
checks anymore. Yeah. It's state by state. Actually, I think that's no, that's no bullshit.
I think it's state by state. I was terrible. I got seat at why did that have to drag down my,
my GPA that I had a bad handwriting grade. I don't think that that is, I don't think that
factored in. It did. Justin is a mathematical genius, but he has some trouble with the cursive
lowercase z. 2.2. I just don't think that because I was bad at math and writing and Jim. Oh man,
was I bad grades in gym. When you say bad at gym, you mean you don't, you like weren't so psyched
about like having your dick out around other kids, right? That's right. I, you were supposed to dress
out every day and I didn't want to cause I was fat. So what I did was I wore sweatpants to school
every day. Cool. That was, that was, that was playing the short game. That's what they call
that. That was the short game I was playing. Hey, let's ask another question before. Ain't that
fucked up that your GPA was dependent on your ability to get your dick out around other people.
That's kind of fucked up, isn't it? Like, Hey, Hey McElroy, go take your dick out in a room
full of your peers. Though I will say that was the only thing that trained me for any real life
situations in adulthood where you had to get your dick out. I mean, it trained me in sense that like
when I'm an adult now and somebody says, Hey McElroy, take your dick out. I know now to say
like, no bad touch. No, no, thank you. Absolutely not. I don't think also I'm better at badminton.
That's true. My boyfriend and I wanted to know what is the socially acceptable age group for
visiting a petting zoo. We don't have any kids, but he really likes animals. They have reindeer.
That's from Zany and Zaftig at the zoo. Don't reindeer give you a... Reindeer disease? No,
they give you a, like their, their, their horns have, ah fuck, what's it called? When your skin
falls off. What? Fertilizing fasciitis? Um, no. Leprosy. Leprosy. Yeah. The Bible shit.
Are you telling me reindeer have leprosy on their horns? They're just carriers? I don't
think it's like, I don't think it like they're affected by it or else fucking
every Christmas tale ever would be like a horrifying saw-esque experience. Um, but yeah,
I think they have, I think they give you leprosy if you like touch their, their antlers are coated
in leprosy. So, okay, let's assume that the reindeer antlers have been de-leprosied and try
to answer the question. I don't think you can. I think it's like a natural excretion.
I don't think when they're born, somebody comes, the fucking leprosy fairy gives them their only
coating of leprosy. Like what kind of fucking sense does that make? Idiot. That's our reindeer
like moose in that every season, like their antlers fall off and regrow. I don't think that's
real either. That that's true with moose every year. That's why they have leprosy. It's what
causes their shit to fall off. Oh, it makes their horns fall off their antlers, please.
That's why reindeer are known as God's funniest joke. These things are beautiful. I'm going to
put leprosy in them somewhere. Good luck, Santa. Why does God hate Santa so much? He's trying to
like take over. That's true. Do you think every animal has a place where it can get leprosy?
Where's your leprosy compartment? Oh God. Yeah, you can't. If it's a regular zoo,
mm hmm. If it's a if it's a petting zoo inside of a regular zoo and like you're an adult there,
I think it's OK because like parents will see you and be like, oh, they're being ironic.
Here's the thing. I think that the answer is as long as you are paired off, there is no problem.
If you are by yourself, that's yeah, that's a completely different case. Like because here's
the thing. OK, real life experience. Me by myself, like, you know, making faces at a baby
creeps people out. I'm a grown man with a beard and I'm making faces of their children.
But if Teresa's standing next to me, it's adorable. But isn't that true for literally any situation?
Like any time you see a dude by himself anywhere, don't you just like and like instinctually like,
oh, he's fucking creeping on someone. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's like as long as
you're coupled out, you're safe. I think that's part of our fucking I think it's part of the
genetic human experience. I think that's why we seek out partners to like make it through life.
So when people see us, they're not instantly skis. Now, that's a hundred percent true. If I
that's we we try to talk about I think we try to tear down gender walls here on my brother,
my brother and me. The one I can't help is that if I see a woman standing by herself, I think,
well, she's probably working or waiting for someone or just relaxing. If I see a guy by
himself, I immediately who is he trying to fuck? Is he trying to fuck me? I hope not trying to
kill somebody or fuck somebody or steal something or. Yeah, I just assume he's going to punch me.
I don't know why, but like every time I see just like a random dude, I'm like, I'm going to get in
a fight with you. Do you know why? Do you know why? It's because that like speaking from experience,
like whenever I'm out somewhere alone, the only thing I'm thinking about is, man, I hope nobody
thinks I'm going to fuck somebody or kill someone. And when you do that, you put on a grimace on your
face that just like screams like, here it comes. Get ready. I think there is one circumstance in
which being coupled out does not protect you from judgment. What's that? And it is if you are at a
children's playground, coupled out, no kids. Then that's an easy fix, though. That's no problem.
Just all you got. And this I was actually going to suggest this for the petting zoo.
When you're at the petting zoo, every three minutes or so, just go Dylan and then look around.
Don't put your fingers in its mouth, Dylan. Just like you don't know where he is. Dylan,
get back here. Don't do that if you're the only two people there, though, with the farmer.
Or if there's like two parents and two kids and you're like, Dylan, and they're like,
I can clearly see. If the law of large numbers is not in your favor, then don't.
If that happens, you have to carry out the con and keep screaming and just lose your mind
and call the police. There's only one other family there with one kid. They're like,
man, their kid is super lost. I haven't seen that kid in the whole time I've been here.
Fuck. How did you fuck up this bad? I haven't seen another kid in like three hours.
What have you been fucking doing? Why have you not widened the perimeter of your search?
So we got super into this goat for like three hours. Oh, we fucked up so bad.
What if our kid got leprosy so bad he just dissolved? Ah, fuck, man.
Listen, we didn't find him this week. We'll have to come back next weekend
at approximately the same time, pet some more animals, just hope for the best.
Also, how much is that vending machine that gives you pellets you can feed this in?
Just a quarter? That's a really good deal. Do you have some kind of season pass
so we can just keep coming back here unrestricted to look for our sweet Dylan?
This is the last place he saw us. He'll return here.
Oh, we're so exhausted from looking for our Dylan for like three hours.
We're just going to pet this goat for a bit.
We're really stressed out. Do you guys have any like treats or anything you could give us?
Don't you fucking judge us for giving up on the search so quickly. We're tired.
And these animals are soft. Let me just touch this goose for a second.
I'm just going to touch it for a second. Can you get off? Sorry, I'm not Miss Perfect.
Sorry, you know where your kids are, okay? Pet dad of the year.
What if this same family is there every time you're there, every weekend, and they're like,
yeah, yeah. After two years, like, yeah, fucking sure, there's a Dylan.
And then on like year five, a pre-teen with a stubbly beard comes running out of the woods,
like, mom, dad. I was in the bathroom.
I was in the bathroom for five years. Got a goat in there.
I've been living off toilet paper. He taught me, taught me to read.
Not like raised by toilet paper. I mean, like he ate it.
No, I meant like there's a goat. So you're saying he would become sort of
like a Tarzan figure. Yeah.
But the only thing he'd be great at is peeing and watching people pee
and not be seen watching people pee. This family would eventually put it together like,
like what if the bathroom monster is Dylan? Hey guys, have you been in the bathroom?
Cause there's like a totally crazy kid in there.
How you've been here every weekend for five years and you haven't gone to the bathroom.
We go before the goats know the goats know where you have to go.
And like, they don't like it. We should have checked the bathroom though.
In retrospect, that was our fault. That was our fault.
It's like the only building here. It's like the only building.
Now if you'll skewer this, we have to try to re indoctrinate our son
in the society, keep him out of the back. Has anyone seen him?
We're going to restart the search, I guess.
Let me just go over to the reindeer pen for like two or three hours more.
But then that family catches you in the parking lot paying off the actor.
You've paid to live in a bathroom for five years. Wait a minute.
I wonder what happened to Zachary Ty Bryant.
He would make a great doctor who now that he's fucking feral.
Now he's a feral bathroom monster. Hey, listen, everybody.
Thank you so much for listening to our, our program. We hope, uh, we hope you enjoyed it.
Um, thanks to so many people tweeting about the show.
Uh, uh, faded glory, our old buddy rabbit, uh, Mitch reader, Elizabeth, uh, Brendan Brown,
Matt Calder, James Childs, uh, Luther, Mario Peng.
Panagetti. That looks good. Panagetti. Yeah, sure.
Nikki the rat, bourbon ghost, everybody. Thank you so much.
I sure appreciate you tweeting about the show and sharing it.
But if you get a chance to read a link to our sampler, it's bit.ly forward slash NB
and BAM 2013. Um, and if you have a birthday shout out or if you have like a product or your
own show or anything you think everyone should listen to, uh, just go to, uh, maximum fun.org
forward slash jumbotron and you could be in the money zone and we'll talk about your shit.
Um, seriously, everybody, thank you for the warm response to the, um, to the, to the clip
we did last week. I think people seem to enjoy it because a lot of that shit is like apocryphal
at this point. Um, we may do, we make the good news is if we do another one, the sound quality
will be better. Man, seriously, like how the fuck did anybody start listening? Like it sounded so,
so awful. Um, yeah, we made, I'm glad you guys replaced the original Travis.
Yeah, I sound totally like, I sound like, like a hundred times nerdy here. I don't know what
happened. Um, we may, we may do more of those. Maybe there's going to be a lot of traveling and
wedding shit over the next few months. So I hope we don't because what started out as a clever plan
to save myself from having to, uh, work on a new episode turned into like a 10 hour project where
I was going through every old episode, trying to find something not awful. Yeah. Trying to find
something worthwhile. Um, so, so thank you. I'm glad you liked it. Um, I want to remind everybody
that this is the last week to help out our buddy Trist in the Marine. Uh, we are working with, uh,
operations supply drop to, uh, bring him and his, uh, his, his fellow soldiers, his brothers in
arms and sisters in arms, if you will, uh, some, some games and cool stuff. Uh, this is the last
week to donate. We really want to make a big push, big showing a huge thanks to James Bromwell. Who's
going to ship out a game cube and, and controllers, uh, to, uh, to, to the guys. They, they were very
much wanting some retro stuff. So we're getting that in their hands. We've got $380 raised right
now from 12 contributors. I know we can do better than that. Bambinos. I'd love if we could just
like really blow it out. Let's blow it out. Really show us some support. If you've been waiting,
this is the time. Go to operationsupplydrop.com. Look for modern era. There's a button on the front
page, uh, and, and donate to that so we can, uh, help those guys out. Um, they're fighting for your
fucking freedoms. So just, I don't want to guilt you, but they're fighting for your fucking freedom.
So there's another donation on there right now. That's beating us by $75. And I just want to
dominate. I want us to be the greatest podcast ever. Create an enormous divide in the military
of like, I want those dudes to see what we did for Tristan and his pals and be like, fuck,
like we should have backed that horse. We should have listened to that podcast.
Oh, it looks like we got another one. Uh, DJ Lockhead, uh, from, uh, said on the Facebook
that he was going to send them a game cube and some controllers to smash brothers too. So we're,
we're going to be hooking those dudes up. Uh, and you can, you can help out operationsupplydrop.com.
Go there right now. This is your last chance and, uh, and help. Um, it's very easy and it's awesome.
So, um, I want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme song,
which is the song. It's a departure, which is off the album, putting the days to bed.
Um, go buy it, buy it on Amazon, then buy it on iTunes. Um, and then erase it and then buy it
again. Yeah. Just keep, keep doing that like every week. And that's your hail Mary for the week.
Uh, thank you so much, Griffin. I believe you have a last question for us.
Sure. To enjoy, uh, this Yahoo, this final Yahoo was sent by Crystal Whalen. Thank you,
Christa. It's by Yasu Yasu's answers. It's by Azu's answers. It's by, um, Pawnee Mahajan who
says, I love green day very much. Where do you live? I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy,
Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dad. Square on the lips.
