The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me Advice Show.
I don't want a lot this Christmas. There is just one thing I need.
I don't need a lot of presents underneath the Christmas tree.
All I want for Christmas is you.
Wow, that's fucking moist, Juice! Damn, I've heard other people make that
noise before. I've never heard anybody put that much wet on the mix.
Damn.
And listen, if you're doing a water drop sound effect, the least you can do is get it moist.
That sounded like a bucket drops from a great height of water.
Let me get one isolated in case people need a new text message noise.
Damn! Fuck! That's a fucking deep cave, dawg!
Yeah, that's a deep, deep cave. Your mouth is the fucking cave of secrets from all that.
Yeah, it's a deep cave where all my family's money comes from.
It's a deep cave that puts food on my children's backs.
Yeah, full of treasure, just like the cave of secrets from Aladdin.
Trav, did you have somewhere you wanted to go with that?
Yeah, we're ramping it up.
Oh, we on that Christmas creep?
Yeah, I'm starting it today.
Today, huh? You couldn't even give us the damn decency of waiting until,
you know, Friday morning?
Today. He's late, honestly. The Christmas season starts November 9th,
the day after Travis and Mai's birthday, because we don't want to obscure the big holiday.
But that, Justin, I would say November 9th to November 23rd, that was but preamble.
Oh, here he goes on that voice again.
Today begins the Christmas creep.
We need a fucking quarter, a swear jar for weird Dickensian sort of fancy lab Travis.
Start soaking your puddings, wrap your trinkets in tinsel and shiny paper.
Is it the riddle master that has sort of take, is Travis more of a riddle?
I'm his brother, Ebenezer Christmas.
Ebenezer Christmas, like from the great book?
Ebenezer Christmas is Wonderful Journey.
No, he's my cousin.
Right.
Ebenezer Scrooge, he's my cousin. Ebenezer is our family name.
Right. So did you get ghosts too, or did he just tell you about his ghost and you're like,
oh, that sounds cool, Abe?
I got skeletons.
Whoa, you got Christmas skeletons?
Yeah, it was way cooler, dude.
Yeah, did they try to teach you a-
It's fucking rude.
Oh, and you cuss.
Oh yeah, fuck I do. Christmas fucking rude.
So what did these skeletons have for you?
They taught me how to skateboard.
Wow, these sound like pretty cool.
Hey, what year do you occupy?
I occupied 1993.
So, but you're cousins with Ebenezer Scrooge?
Correct.
I'm not sure that that works, bud.
Distant cousins.
Through time?
Yes.
Does it work?
Time cousins?
I'm not sure time cousins is the one we-
Okay, how many-
His dad married my aunt.
Okay.
And then died a hundred years ago.
Yes.
But the aunt stayed alive.
Okay, time cousins.
Hey, how many skeletons were there?
I want to hear this story.
There were 16.
Wow, how long did that take?
Took a long time, if I'm being honest.
One of them taught me to ollie.
One of them taught me to kickflip.
So it was all steps.
One of them taught me to do that thing
where like you jump up and it goes on a rail
and you ride that for a while.
A grind?
I did that one.
A grind?
Yes, one of the one of the skeletons taught me to grind.
One of the skeletons taught me to do a Christ 360.
Wow, so the skeletons know about,
and this proves my theory that the skeletons
do know about Christ and his cool works.
Oh yes, absolutely.
One of them came straight from heaven,
was one of those heaven skeletons.
Heaven skeletons are like, he left me behind.
Yeah, uh-huh.
So these skeletons, was it like Bob Burnquist was one of them
and Bucky Lacek?
Yes.
Andrew Reynolds, are these the skeletons,
or were they just sort of unnamed punk skeletons?
One of them was Tony Hawk's old skeleton.
Oh, before he got it replaced with, yeah, sure.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, if memory serves, he did a skeleton swap
with Bam Margera, but Bam's didn't quite fit.
And so it was just a bonus, a bonus, bonus bones.
Bonus bones.
Yes, correct.
All right, well, there's probably nowhere else
for this story or character to go.
Well, then Tony Hawk's old skeleton and I fell in love.
Okay.
Oh, okay, now I'm back in.
I was losing interest, but now I'm very much in.
We dated for three years, then we moved in together,
but that only lasted nine months.
Before we decided we'd be better off as friends
and occasional lovers.
Oh, so you still fuck.
Thank you, something for the fans.
We still fuck, but we don't live together,
we don't cohabitate anymore.
That's fine, it's 2020, nobody lives together,
but do you explain a little bit sort of like in detail
of what that looks like if this lover is-
There's one fucking skeleton, my dude,
the options are endless.
I guess it's mostly vacuous space.
I prefer kneecap.
Okay, that's actually the one that you can't.
I think you actually picked the only one that can't.
You don't know what my genitals are like.
That's true, he probably got those old English jinnies.
That's right, the original issue.
Old English jinnies, those juice,
I don't know if you know, those were a wild, wild scenario.
Anyway, this is our Christmas episode.
Not our Candle Nights episode, that one's later.
This one we're giving straight up to Christmas,
every 10 years we like to break one off for Jesus' birthday.
Yeah, for Tiny Jesus.
Yeah, the little one.
Yeah, so do we wanna,
I feel like I shouldn't be leading the wagon,
but I feel like I am, and that's not usually my role,
so I'm gonna step on back behind the curtain and let Justin-
I recently made potato soup and shared some with my neighbor.
I put it in a large mason jar and delivered it to her.
She ate the soup, and then a few days later called to tell me
she put the jar in my mailbox.
I was heading to work and didn't check the mailbox.
And then, long story short, I didn't remember
to check the jar until two days later.
It wasn't there, but there was mail.
Did the mail carrier steal my mason jar?
And should I leave a note asking for it back?
That's from Post Perloin in Pennsylvania.
Wow, okay, so if you lived in Texas, this wouldn't be a thing,
because literally, if I stretch both my arms out
and spin in a 360 degree circle,
I'm gonna knock six to seven mason jars off of surfaces
in my house.
The postal service-
Wait, where did they come from, Griffin?
Just from living in Texas.
Over here, I'm brewing some sarsaparilla pickles,
and over there, these three were for all my morning juices
that I drink and secrete.
This one over here, I just like.
This is my lucky jar.
I try to keep this one on me at all times.
And this one here has got a bug trapped under it.
Well, you can't get rid of that one,
or the bug will be free.
I want to step outside the bit real quick
and do a quick derailment.
This morning, a big fucking lizard got in my house.
Not one of these cute little guys where you're like,
oh, like you're walking down the stairs at night,
and you're like, oh, look at that,
it's a little tiny lizard.
This was a fucking size of my hand-ass lizard.
This is a big boy.
A real lizard?
A real lizard.
Did it have one of those angry faces,
where it's like, this is a lizard that kills things.
He didn't seem, oh no, he wasn't angry or anything like that,
but he did move fast and unpredictably,
which is the worst kind of way that a lizard can move
when I'm interfacing with it.
But I took care of it.
Tell me how.
And that's all I'm gonna say.
No, Griffin, you actually can't do that.
And that's all I'm gonna say.
When you say you took care of it,
did you mean you kind of maybe yelped a little bit
and it went somewhere and you didn't see where it went
and you're choosing to pretend like-
It's a Schrodinger's lizard at this point.
Is it in my house still?
Is it not in my house still?
I don't know.
It was there and then it scurried
and then it wasn't there anymore.
I've done that move with spiders.
Everyone in my home that isn't me is very afraid of spiders.
And they're always like,
get over here, you big burly man,
and execute this fucking bug.
And I'm like, I'm not gonna kill a spider
that's very bad.
It seems bad juju.
I don't wanna do it.
It seems like bad luck.
I don't wanna.
So I'm not gonna kill a spider.
So I'll shepherd them into a thing.
And sometimes when you're trying the passive route
with a spider, it's gonna get away.
But a lot of times I'll just fake,
like just pretend like, no, no, no, I got him.
I got him, I got him, I got him.
Last I saw my lizard friend,
he was close to the front door.
So I'm just gonna guess.
I do like the fake balled up paper towel.
Like, oh no, he's in here.
I gotta hurry, open the door.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a good one.
He's definitely in here.
That's a good one.
I like that one.
So the postal service worker
probably didn't steal your mason jar.
Nobody wants an old soupy mason jar.
Really Trav?
Really?
Here's the thing though.
After the year that they've had,
you wanna put, no, no, no, no, okay.
I am not going to say they stole it.
I'm going to say they took it.
And here's why I'm going to say that.
And here's why I'm changing the wording.
Because there was a stamp on it.
Because there was a stamp on it.
No, you left it in there for three days.
A mason jar ain't small.
I don't know how big this mailbox is,
but it's definitely not big enough
that a mason jar went unnoticed
for it seems like upwards of two
to maybe two and a half days.
So there were at least two checks,
maybe three where this mail carrier
probably by the third one said,
I guess this has to be mail.
It's gotta be mail.
It must be mail.
Why aren't they getting it?
They put this in here.
It's not like when somebody puts a two liter bottle
in their toilet to use less water.
This isn't so I put less mail in the box.
I have to take it and they took it.
Here's the thing, folks.
And I'm sorry to be the one to break this to you
if you don't know about mail law,
but the mailbox is not your house.
The mailbox is the mail carrier's house.
That's their little house, okay?
You put letters into their house,
they take letters out because they're like,
who left letters in my house?
They'll put letters for you into their house.
It's still their house.
You don't decide to put decorations on the inside of it.
You don't try to spruce it up with various lacquers.
You can do that on the outside.
On the outside, you do whatever you want.
On the inside, they can put up a fucking poster
of Pamela Anderson from Baywatch.
They can do whatever they want.
And they will.
They can personalize it, kid it out,
put some Shaq Carpenter, a little disco ball in there.
It's not your fucking business.
That's their house.
There's not a lot of examples of this.
We don't do milk delivery people anymore.
I can't think of another airlock of possession
like a mailbox is where it's like,
I'm gonna put this in here.
And while it's in there, it is both mine and yours
until you remove it.
The mail carrier could store crack cocaine in the mailbox.
They could put it in there for them
and have someone else come trade it for money.
And you're like, did you do this from my mailbox?
And they'll have to crack you back.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
That's my property on the inside.
It's none of your fucking business
what I do with your mailbox.
I do whatever I want.
You're lucky I take your letters to other people.
I could just throw them in the trash.
I don't think I could do that, actually.
That would be a violation of federal law,
but it's their house.
They can do whatever they want.
And you left a big, stinky jar in there.
If you come to my house
and you leave a big, stinky potato jar on the floor,
I'm gonna throw it away.
It's my house.
Oh, that's another option is that mail called garbage
and said, hey garbage, it's me, mail.
Just wanna let you know
they hid a little bit of garbage from you
in my mail house in the box I call,
in my little dead drop that is their mailbox.
And now I'm worried that they put some of their letters
into a trash can.
If you put an unmailed letter into your garbage
and the garbage guys took it away,
there's no one who'd be like, how dare you?
That was mail, not garbage, clearly.
That's why you can't throw a toilet away.
Garbage calls plumbing.
It says, hey, they did it again.
These guys are trying to chop and screw their services.
And I don't like it.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Yes, please.
I think this one's so wild
and I deliberated to not bring it,
but then I am because it is part
of what could be a new segment called,
hey Yahoo, are you guys okay?
That is a wild thing to hear you say
after 535 episodes, it's terrifying to me.
My butthole clenched hearing you say this is a wild one.
This is a wild one.
So the question, it was sent in by a couple people.
It's from a Yahoo Answers user, skatermomof5,
which absolutely fucking rips.
And skatermomof5 asks,
what do we really know about Mrs. Claus?
Huh.
Y'all, there are 33 answers on this one,
which is a lot for Yahoo.
And they, first of all,
anytime you write the word Santa on Yahoo,
it changes the colors to make it red and green,
which seems unnecessary, like completely unnecessary.
But the answers that literally 100%
of the people who have answered this question have submitted
are absolutely fucking batshit wild outer space
fucking Gadzooks Looney Tunes out there wild man shit.
And I'm just going to break you off a few pieces.
Please.
For all the cartoons and stories and rumors,
we really don't know much about Mrs. Claus.
Rumors?
Yeah, you know, the Santa Claus rumors.
We really don't know much about Mrs. Claus.
I do know that she exists since when I talk to Santa
and I ask her how she is,
he usually says that she's well and sends her good wishes.
It's a cool way to start out.
It's a cool way to start out.
Well, I know that Santa's the center of-
Just a side note, Griffin,
just a side note, Griffin, the way you phrase that,
the way that the person has phrased this
does make it sound like Santa might have killed Mrs. Claus
and is covering that up.
How's Mrs. Claus?
Oh, she's fine.
She's very, very good.
She's fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine.
She's just, oh, she's so busy right now.
She can't come to the phone.
Boy, there sure are a lot of places
to bury somebody on the North Pole, huh?
Right.
They would never catch him.
That's why he keeps the reindeers.
The reindeers, they'll eat whenever you feed them.
Yeah, here's another one, just literally the next one.
Well, I know that Santa's the center of my everything
and he really does love cookies and milk and even hot cocoa.
The elves sometimes love to tease him.
As for me, I love to bake and help out in the workshop
and my main job is cooking and cleaning
and picking up and doing laundry.
Okay, so they are interesting.
They are inhabiting Mrs. Claus in this one.
There are no quotation marks.
With all the little ones around here,
I have a full-time job too.
I must care for the animals and take them to appointments.
So the reindeers get sick?
The reindeers get sick?
I think the little ones are the elves.
The animals get sick and I have to take them to appointments
and when the elves have soccer games or school or work,
I help them with that too.
Bedtime, Santa and I both try to do together.
Bedtime stories are a must at our house.
We often go over the naughty and nice list together before bed
and then we read our Bible,
check in on the elves and animals.
And we kiss each other goodnight
and I set the cocoa machine before bed
and we sleep in and in the morning.
And then in the morning, we fuck.
And we fuck like fucking wild dogs.
I don't like this idea of Santa Claus
as a follower of Christ.
Okay.
Because for me, I don't understand a Christian who's like,
I'm gonna make this kid's birthday all about me.
Right.
Because that's what he did, you know what I mean?
I want to make this one about me.
Santa really took that one away from old Jesus, didn't he?
Yeah, he did.
I don't see Jesus on Coke cans, all right?
Just like the Energizer Bunny took over Easter.
Yeah.
Jesus help one out, okay?
Cadbury Bunny.
When fucking Bart Simpson took Easter
with all of his great Butterfinger commercials.
Here's another one, literally the next one.
Mrs. Claus used to be invented to assuage matters
over Santa's loneliness.
All right, all right, all right.
Children normally requested if Santa had a spouse and youngsters,
so if you shrewd creator or advertiser, determine sure.
However, they just have the youngsters of the sector
to like and none in their possess.
So like, if I'm reading this correctly,
that Mrs. Claus was invented
because kids would come up to Santa and be like,
damn, Santa, are you getting some though, dog?
You getting some up there, up in the pole?
You getting the pole up in the pole, Santa?
Probably not.
Originally, the answer when he got asked that was,
he would just say, I've got ho, ho, hos in different area codes.
Travis, it's funny that you say that.
Just a few more down.
I heard that she's married to a ho, ho, ho,
AKA Santa, old Saint Nick, Kris Kringle.
You're getting coal in your stocking for blabbing, M.
Shame on you.
Don't know what none of that does or means it.
Here's one, that she is married to Santa Claus.
In, out.
Bing, bang, boom.
And we're done.
But is that the only thing you know about her?
Shame on you, sir.
Shame on you.
You didn't know this one from an anonymous user.
She sits while her husband,
Santa and his elves do all the work.
She also can't have kids unless Santa's sperm is bad.
Killer.
She is probably sitting at home getting visits
from a tiger woods.
She's the driving force behind the legend of Santa Claus.
I like that one.
I like that one too.
I like the strong woman behind the man angle.
I love that one.
She was bitten three nights ago by me.
Her name is now Mrs. Claustrophobic
because she's trapped in my cellar.
Yahoo!
Hey, it's me, Griffin.
Hey, I see you're trapped down there
in that big, big, deep hole.
I got a rope here.
Do you need help?
I can pull you out.
So just, I'm confused by that.
They bit Mrs. Claus
and that led her to being trapped in the basement
or is there a step in there?
They got bit and then that means they get to keep them all.
Next one, Lone Wolf.
Santa always wears a cup.
Not the question, but thank you very much.
I feel like that person pulled up a convertible like,
hey, I'd like to throw my fucking thing in here.
If we got time, Santa always wears a cup.
George, we know you mention it anytime we talk about
literally anything.
Fucking back to back.
She's all warm, rosy cheeked, joyful
with a merry laugh and sweet.
This is the only answer of these 33
that got a thumbs down reaction from somebody.
Literally next.
You're not buying into the fiction enough.
Literally next.
She likes to stay close to the pole.
Hussie!
Yahoo!
I wish I could put a website in timeout.
Can I fucking call, I guess, Elon?
Like, I don't want to,
but is there anybody who can put a website in timeout?
Santa?
That's the thing.
This is going to get back to old Chris Kringle
and he's going to be like, what did you say about my wife?
Or ultimately he's going to be like,
honey, is there something you need to tell me?
A few of the people on this said that they have
had sexual Congress with you,
which seems unlikely, but I have to inquire.
Well, Christmas is canceled this year
because me and the missus need to go do couples counseling.
She porked someone and got locked in their basement.
Missed Christmas,
and we were supposed to read the Bible tonight.
To the man who has my wife locked in his basement,
I have a particular set of skills.
If it was five answers and all of them were this wild,
that'd be one thing.
If there were 15 answers and a couple of them were this wild,
it would be one thing.
This is 33 answers,
which with very few exceptions are just like,
yeah, I heard her and the headless horseman fucked
and Santa's got old jizz.
He's got broken jingle balls.
He's got broken jingle balls
and I heard that she likes to huff reindeer shit to get high.
And meanwhile, Yahoo's like, we made the words red and green.
It's festive.
Is this like a special sub-Yahoo?
I don't know if those exist,
but is there like a layer on this
where it's like sort of an RP Yahoo answers
where you can like really inhabit the world?
I do not believe so.
I think it's just the regular ass busted up fucking
Yahoo answers website that nobody wants,
nobody will pay for, invest in.
This money, this website is burning money.
I do not understand how it's still out.
I'm grateful for it because of the capital C content,
but what the fuck else?
Like we couldn't make Quibi work,
but fucking Yahoo answers is financially soluble?
Cram have moved on to other, to greener pastures.
It's an abandoned building with like Russian teens
doing toilet cocaine in the busted up bathroom.
It's ruined, it's gone.
It's beyond repair.
This is what is left here on Yahoo answers.
I'll buy it.
Let's fucking buy it.
This would be an incredible investment.
And what a turnaround, what a story.
If it's like, oh, do you remember how 11 years ago
we started and we included some weird, silly questions?
Now we own those questions, we built them back.
This is our sea biscuit.
How about another question?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Here it comes.
I work in the cheese shop of a liquor store
and I'm pretty new to the job.
Because of this, I'll often butcher pieces of cheese
to the point where you can't sell them.
You're already doing it bad.
Yeah, you shouldn't butcher the cheese.
That's for me only.
My manager tells me to throw them away,
but I always feel like that's such a waste.
I would love to take them home with me.
How do I casually bring this up to ask
if I could take the cheese preferably for free
or should I just take it anyway?
Please help, that's from please help me steal this cheese.
Ooh, that's a slippery slope.
Oh boy, that's rough.
Well, we need to, obviously, here's a joke.
You don't butcher the cheese, you cut it to cheese
and that's very fucking funny.
But for real though, what verb are we doing?
Do we mong, do you mong, mong the cheese?
You mong or the cheese?
You mong it, mong the cheese.
Monging is selling, mongering,
mongering is the selling of it.
Yeah.
I believe carving is what an artist does.
Slice, slicing.
No, Justin, fuck you.
Everyone slices their cheese at home.
Oh.
I'm carving the cheese.
I'm opening the slice of cheese.
This is artisanal.
I'm unwrapping the slice of cheese.
No.
For the sandwich I'm making.
I'm blooming the cheese.
Today we're letting the cheese bloom.
Today I'm gonna throw this big block of cheese
up on that light bulb in my ceiling fan.
I'm gonna smush the cheese.
I'm gonna smush it.
That's what you could tell your boss.
I didn't mess it up, I was blooming the cheese.
I was blooming it.
Oh, you don't bloom here.
I don't bloom cheese here.
It's all the thing at the pâtisserie.
I used to work at in Farrell.
In Farrell.
Me and Farrell used to work in France at the pâtisserie.
He would chop up all of the cheese
bad into little unsellable chunks
and we would make nachos.
His strange large hat is the main from cheese
that I sliced, or rather butchered, myself.
Oh, you.
I go through the trouble of going to a place
that specifically sells cheese,
even if it is inside a liquor store,
you better put on a fake French accent for a reason.
That's fair.
Okay, here's the problem with this.
You accidentally cut cheese bad.
And you're like, I could take this out, great.
But how does your boss know you accidentally cut the cheese bad
if you're like, I could just take it.
But then again, just throwing it away, is that better?
I think you take it without a word.
You can have your cheese and eat it too here if you do.
This is an honest mistake, right?
I believe in you.
We don't have any stealers or sinners
or thieves who listen to our shit.
Real Mrs. Clauses.
Real Mrs. Clauses if you know what Travis is saying.
So you can make this work for you.
Innocent crime, let me take home the scrapple.
Don't just throw it away.
But what you do have to do to get rid of
any appearance of impropriety
is every time you do fuck this cheese up
with your clumsy oaf hands, is you gotta go, uh-oh.
Every single time so that your boss does know
that mistakes and whoopsies have been done.
Yeah, and I think the more it draws attention
to your mistake, the more your boss will be like,
they are definitely not doing this on purpose
because no human being would repeat the thing
that they're doing just for a free morsel of cheese
like some kind of Dickensian mouse.
Yeah, like fucking Monterey Jack from the Rescue Rangers.
Correct.
Now, I am now thinking about being at a cheese platter
and looking at all of their impressive hunks
that they've got and trying to think about
what's gonna go best for my big adult party
I'm having that night.
And I go to the cheesemonger and I say,
I'm looking for something that's gonna pair well
with a very oaky scotch.
And I was wondering if you,
and then I hear from the back room, uh-oh.
I'm probably, I might take my business.
I don't know what I would do in that scenario.
Yeah, but what if you're at one of the finest
fromagelies in the nation of France.
Yes, and they said, and you hear from the back,
that you hear, le, uh-oh.
That's, yeah.
Zut-a-lore.
Is that a letter?
Zut-a-lore.
Zut-a-lore, I fucked it up again.
Sacre bleu, I fucked it up.
Oh.
Sacre bleu cheese, I fucked, is all over the floor.
Hey boss, I did it again.
I dropped it on the floor.
Oh ratatouille.
Really?
You told me not to cut it in my hand
and I held it in my hand and I cut it
and I got blood on the dang thing.
That is the thing, if I hear, oh no,
in any location where cutting is 50% of the job or more,
I assume someone has just been mutilated.
A slicer cut has happened.
Although, damn, it would be a power move though
for if the boss came back and was like,
what did you do to this cheese?
You can just be like, don't blame me,
blame my ratatouille.
And you lift up your hat.
My ratatouille did it.
And he's like, oh, you're doing a ratatouille?
And you say, yeah, sorry.
He says, no, and he lifts up his hat.
I've been doing a ratatouille too.
And then you're like, wait.
Are we all doing ratatouilles?
But you don't actually cook anything here.
Like, yeah, my rat does business.
I have a business rat.
He got his degree in accounting.
Hey, I'm here.
Do you think there was a rat who heard about Remy
and was like, hell yeah, I've always wanted to be a sniper.
An elite sniper.
Ratatouille too.
No one told me I can't do, I'm ratatouille.
No one told me I couldn't do it.
So now I'm gonna do it.
And I don't care about critics because I shoot them
because that's my fucking bag, baby.
Oh, man.
Ratatouille is really good juice.
I just want to let you know that.
Well, thanks, let's ride on the tide
of that great joke to the money zone.
Quip.
Yeah, ratatouille I guess was a quip.
That seems a little reductive though.
It was more kind of a statement of purpose.
Justin, you dumb piece of shit.
I'm talking about the toothbrush company.
Not a funny joke.
Although quip could also mean a funny joke.
But what I mean is the toothbrush company
with their new smart electric toothbrush
and using said smart electric toothbrush,
good habits can earn you great perks,
like free products, gift cards and more.
How it works, you connect it to your phone.
You use this thing called Bluetooth.
It's like a Viking thing and it connects to your phone.
And then as you brush your teeth, your phone goes,
hey, good job brushing your teeth, Travis.
I'm very proud of you.
And so I'm gonna give you a gift card to someplace
because I'm so proud of you, my precious good tooth boy.
It works just like that.
And with the $45 quip smart brush,
which is now for adults and kids,
you could be doing this yourself at home.
Not just listening to me brag about my good teeth,
but you could be getting good teeth too.
And if you already have a quip,
you can upgrade it with a smart motor
and keep all the features you love.
Plus you get brush heads, toothpaste
and floss refills delivered for $5.
Those floss things, by the way, are amazing.
It's like some space age flossing stuff.
I love it.
So start getting rewards for brushing your teeth today
and go to getquip.com slash my brother right now
to get your first refill free.
That's your first refill free at getquip.com slash my brother.
That's G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother.
Quip, better oral health, made simple and rewarding.
I'm a dad.
What?
I'm not, yeah, I'm not afraid to admit it.
And this week my wife has been working at the hospital
as she is want to do.
And then yes, I do permit it.
It's very progressive of me, I agree.
But that leaves me in charge of two rambunctious kids
that half of which are not in school
as much as I would have thought they would have been
just a scant year ago.
So I'm a busy dad trying to make it on my own.
You know what my secret weapon is
when lunchtime is around the corner?
Alcohol.
Boo, a little scotchy scotch.
A little something, a little snoot for dad
but then for the kids.
And a little sip for them.
I don't reach for a container of mac and cheese.
I reach for my phone to have someone bring me
mac and cheese that's done.
Thank you DoorDash for helping me to keep my children fed.
I ask them, it's fun for them.
I let them pick.
What are you guys in the mood for?
You can have whatever you want
because DoorDash has like a bajillion restaurants,
local places too so you can support local businesses
that you can't or shouldn't be attending in person right now.
You can still support them with DoorDash.
Justin, what do they say they want?
They want a little coq au vin, huh?
They want a little coq au vin, a little chicken tendel.
Ordering is easy.
Open the app, you look for the food you want to eat,
you order the food, they bring it to you.
It's beautiful, it's fast, it's efficient.
It really is what made my life
especially when I am watching two, yes, two children on my own.
All by yourself?
Yeah, that's twice as many people as I am.
You know what, I have also a little life hack from me to you.
Got a friend whose birthday it is
or maybe they're having a bad day?
DoorDash them a cupcake or two from a local bakery.
17.
Brighten up their day.
Right now our listeners can get $5 off the first order
of $15 or more and zero delivery fees for the first month
when you download the DoorDash app and enter code BROTHER.
That's $5 off your first order and zero delivery fees for a month
when you download the DoorDash app in the app store
and enter code BROTHER.
Don't forget, that's code BROTHER for $5 off your first order with DoorDash.
Hey friends, Jesse here, the founder of Maximum Fun
and I have some really great news to share with you.
This year has brought a lot of changes for all of us.
And one tradition that we were grateful to be able to hold on to
is our annual pin sale to benefit charity.
This year, through your generosity and love of pins,
you helped raise $95,400 for GiveDirectly.
If you're a member and you bought pins, they'll ship in January.
In the meantime, your support will provide direct cash relief
to families impacted by COVID-19 across the United States.
Even in this incredibly tough year,
the MaxFun community remains extraordinarily kind.
And whether or not you bought pins,
you can continue to help by heading to GiveDirectly.org.
As always, thank you.
Um, do y'all want to know Yahoo?
Yeah, I love that, Griffin.
Okay, this one was sent in by TheWizardBenCant.
Thank you for asking by the way.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, if you could imagine if I actually did it for real,
what, that's real bad boy behavior, not me.
An anonymous Yahoo Answers user asked this.
I'm going to call Jameson's.
Asks, how do I stop my boyfriend
from reading me bedtime stories without hurting his feelings?
My boyfriend recently started reading me bedtime stories
a couple of weeks ago.
It was a joke at first because I'd said
I wouldn't be able to sleep when I downed three coffees
that afternoon.
The problem is he has done it every night since.
And he makes terrible mouth noises.
I don't even know where they are coming from.
It only happens when he's reading out loud.
It makes me so irrationally angry and annoyed
that it takes me even longer to fall asleep than before.
I am tired and exhausted, but I love this man.
Please help.
And that's from Rosario Dawson.
That's from Scarlett Johansson,
complaining about funny man, Colin Jones.
Can we all, why did she label it?
Nobody knows.
Until we got to the mouth sounds part,
I was thinking, this sounds nice.
Listen, I also am a dad and I also have two kids.
And when I'm putting the older one to bed,
I will read her a book.
I don't do this for the younger one
because she doesn't know what a book is.
I'll sing her songs, don't worry.
But I read to the older one and every time I do,
I think, who's going to put me to bed?
Where's the 12 foot tall person who's gonna carry me
upstairs, make sure I go potty and put me to bed.
That's all I want.
Mine is Matthew McConaughey on the Calm app.
He just sets me up.
Oh yeah?
He's got a story on there where he talks about
the infinite light of the universe.
In many ways, I think maybe ASMR artists
read me bedtime stories now that I'm thinking about it.
It's a good way of thinking about it.
Maybe that's it.
It's like a bedtime story where someone pretends
to give you a cranial nerve exam.
Yes, or maybe eat some Kentucky fried chicken in front of me.
Don't fucking do that stuff, bud.
I don't like hearing about your perversion.
I will not sit here in front of our audience
who are basically our kids and be besmirched by you, sir,
just because you're so small minded,
you won't watch someone eat a bunch of noodles.
It's perverse.
You're perverse.
The idea that you would willingly subject yourself
to food eating noises is honestly, Travis,
the worst thing about you.
What would you rather?
And that list is not short.
What would you rather?
I'm watching-
Well detailed.
You want me to watch whale noises?
You whale pervert, huh?
Is that what you want?
For me to hear whales talking to each other?
Or maybe-
Infinitely better.
Just maybe.
Infinitely better.
And you've also chosen, by the way, a beautiful animal sound.
So maybe try harder.
You don't fucking know what they're saying
with those dirty birds.
You can't even-
Yeah, they can.
You can't even come up with something that is more foul
than what you're describing because there isn't anything.
I'm just saying that to me,
hearing whales shit talk dolphins,
which is what it is, let's be honest.
It's what it is.
That's what it is.
They're little whales.
They're shit talking dolphins.
Look at these dumb small whales.
You think that's better than me enjoying someone
having the new Popeye's chicken sandwich?
That's how they shit talk the sun too.
Look at that huge bright whale.
It's not even in the water.
It's a shitty whale.
I mean, what are these white puffy whales?
And these whales with wings?
Don't get me started.
Look at that touching the water.
It's the beach.
It's like a giant whale made of very small whales.
I'm going to swim up and crush it.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh, what have I done?
Someone blow me up.
I messed up.
You got to-
What if the whale was both conscious and speaking English?
Like, listen, I got bad news for you.
You're going to have to blow me up.
You're going to have to-
No whale.
There has to be other options.
We can get some-
No, no, no.
Listen, don't let me get stinky out here.
It's going to take me days to die.
Please just blow me up.
Go get some of those round red exploding whales
and tuck them in my hollow rotten stomach.
I want to go meet the big whale up in the giant whale.
Get the big blue whale.
Hey, do you guys ever look up at the big black whale
with those little shining whales in it and wonder,
are there any other whales out there?
I mean, other than the billions of visible
and non-visible microscopic whales that surround us every day.
But I mean, are there other whales on other whales up there
looking back at our whale with us on it?
I can't wait to go meet the big sky whale and say,
hey, sky whale, what was the deal with baleen?
That shit is weird.
Was that really the best option?
Could you have given me some bigger whales to eat?
You gave me tiny whales.
One time a bird accidentally fell in the water and drowned
and I seen him and he didn't have baleen.
So what's up, sky whale?
Hey, big blue whale, why did thou name me after jizz?
Not cool, dude.
Couldn't we have just been friends?
Couldn't we have just been Jeff Whales?
My name's Jeff and most of us are down here.
Hey, big blue whale, how come there's no whale week on TV?
We're way cooler.
We're way bigger, yeah.
Way bigger.
What if they decide they're gonna eat all the sharks
or mean whales as they call them?
Bitey whales.
They're gonna eat all the bitey whales
so they get a week of their very own.
They're talking to killer whales and it's like,
hey, you're kind of a go-between between us and the bitey whales.
Tell them we want to join up.
We want to join up whales and bitey whales together
or we'll be unstoppable.
Hey, big blue whale, why did you call us killer whales?
You know, I'm a dad.
And first and a podcaster second.
And a-
Hey, is this still the whale talking?
Is this the whale?
And a flautist, I'm a flautist third.
See, now there's distance between them.
Okay, great, great, great.
I can think of other things people do.
I've still got it.
How about another question?
Y'all know that Cory Booker reads books
to Rosario Dawson over the phone.
Yeah, that's why I mentioned Rosario Dawson earlier.
That's the service that Cory Booker provides
to his girlfriend, Rosario Dawson.
I don't read Us Weekly or wherever this info is coming from.
Okay, I'm just saying it's a dope strat.
That's a dope love strat, I like that.
Now it's nice, no, it's definitely nice.
It's definitely nice.
Good morning, Rosario Dawson.
Would you like to hear more of the lovely-
Here's the very hungry caterpillar.
Would you like more of the lovely bones today?
Oh, okay.
Aren't you busy running for president?
Nah, nah, nah, don't worry about that.
I'm sure that one will go swimmingly.
I get all my news from your stories.
So if you were or weren't running,
I'd have to hear about it in one of your stories
because you don't let me watch the TV.
No, you just get lovely bones in BookerVision.
In Bookerphonic sound.
I've got a scarf today, you know what that means.
I'm going to be enjoying,
you're going to be enjoying some more Dr. Doolittle.
Here we go.
Pygmalion, chapter one in BookerVision.
Here is another question from me to you.
Okay.
My girlfriend and I have been dating for a little under six months.
I've only met her family a handful of times,
but her mother recently asked me to buy her shrooms.
We got to be a little bit more,
that could mean, that sentence could mean 18 different things.
We've got to be a little bit more specific here.
Is it possible I will be doing shrooms with her?
How do I make a shroom trip with my girlfriend's mother
not an entirely awkward experience?
That's from, this is going to be a disaster in Denver,
which with that attitude, it will be.
Is it possible?
Is it possible that your girlfriend's mother
asked you to go to the store
and buy her some regular ass mushrooms?
Some nice cremini for the Thanksgiving stuff?
Just some baby bellas.
Did she say, hey, could you buy me some mushrooms?
And what she meant was for dinner on Friday
and not perhaps a psychotropic experience.
I don't want to get into semantics,
but they're still mushrooms, aren't they?
I mean, you haven't, huh?
It is a test and I don't know which kind
because it's either a test to see if you're a,
you know, fucking a wasteoid,
or it could be a test to see if you're cool
and like to party and cool enough to hang with the mom.
The dad doesn't want to hear,
dad doesn't want to hear,
he turns his head away from this stuff
that the mom likes to do,
which is get whacked out, get totally fucking zooted.
Is it also possible that she wants the shrooms
not to do them with you though?
She's gonna take them back to her house
and just kind of enjoy them
with a nice glass of wine and a relaxing film.
It's very possible to the point where I would say
it is far more impossible that your girlfriend's mother
who you barely know said,
hey, you know what would be fun?
Shrooming with what's-his-face.
Yeah.
Folks, I've bought some drugs in my time.
What?
It is, I would say,
the times when the person I've bought the drugs from
is the person I'm hoping to do drugs with
has been, I would say, in the minority for me personally.
I don't think that's what your girlfriend's mother
is planning right now.
What I do like, though, question asker,
is what you decided to do in this scenario
was not to ask your girlfriend
what your girlfriend's opinion might be,
but rather ask the three of us
who know this mother even less than you do.
If that's even possible.
So I'm gonna say fucking do it, bro.
I think that would be fun as hell.
I haven't shroomed in a dog's age.
Shroomed, is that acceptable?
Probably not.
Is that the accepted?
I haven't, let's see, I haven't mushed in forever.
Mushed is good.
Yeah.
I like mushed.
I haven't had a full-blown mushy in forever.
Right.
And I would love to just mush it up with somebody
and get to know them through that experience.
I will say this, though.
Okay, now wait a minute, hold on.
If the girlfriend's mother was asking you to buy shrooms,
they don't, maybe they're not that looped in.
They just think they'd like to try it.
Are you willing to take the responsibility of like,
here's some shrooms.
Do the right amount of them, I guess.
Don't eat a bunch or too little.
Yeah.
Best of luck.
I feel like they're gonna need,
here's something decent you could do.
You could offer to just be a drug Sherpa.
Oh yeah, you gotta have a spotter.
Listen, let me spot you.
Let me take you to the,
let me help you find the safe rooms in your house.
The rooms that become safe during the experience.
I'll make sure you don't order too much pizza
just to experience it.
Let me remind you that your life water
has become incredibly warm
and you could probably get a new life water
out of the fridge and enjoy that.
I know a lot of people.
I'm not gonna brag.
I know a lot of people.
Here he goes.
I don't know any of them.
Maybe a small handful of very close confidants.
A lot of codicils on this.
I'm just saying, I don't know many people
that I would be like,
I think this is a person who could get me shrooms.
Like, I don't know.
That's such a bold maneuver to posit,
like, you are giving off perhaps
a certain kind of energy question asker
that I personally love.
Travis, you have presupposed that there,
you can have multiple people in your life
that you know they could get you shrooms.
I don't think that that is true for anybody,
but I would argue that most people of a certain age
definitely know that one person
that can for sure get you shrooms.
And it is wild that you have become that person
to your lover's mother.
And can you?
Because, like, you don't address in this,
like, I don't know how to.
You seem like you would be able to.
That doesn't seem to be the question.
Yeah.
One time a girl in gym class
offered to sell me a single Vicodin in a baggie.
And I didn't even,
I was so unplugged in
that I couldn't even really process
that that's what was sort of occurring.
And I was so afraid that it was a crime
to even hear her talking that I got scared
and just kind of walked away.
But later I started thinking about, like,
no one, and here's the thing.
I'm 40 years old now.
No one had ever seen me like that before.
And no one ever saw me like that again.
And I still wonder to this day,
what was the vibe that I gave her
that I've never given another living human being
where it's like, this seems like the kind of guy
who'd buy a single Vicodin in a baggie.
Justin, I've never thought about this before,
but now you're making me think about the fact
no one's ever asked me
if I A, want to buy drugs
or B, know where to buy drugs.
Like, this is never,
and I think I'm approachable.
I think I'm cool.
You know, I've got purple hair.
Well, approachable, definitely.
But no one has ever,
they've offered me drugs, don't get me wrong.
They've offered me drugs.
Yeah, we're podcasters.
But they've never asked if I wanted to buy them
or said, hey, do you know where to buy drugs?
It's just never, huh.
One time I was visiting, when I was in college,
I went over to my girlfriend's old friend's place.
He lived in a frat house to go play Halo
because I was just trying to ingratiate myself
to her friends.
And I went over there and realized nobody else was there.
I thought it was going to be more of a land party vibe.
But no, it was just me and this gentleman.
And we played some Halo and he made some remarks.
And then at one point he said,
hey man, do you want some Xanny bars?
And I said, oh yeah.
Thinking that that was going to be
some sort of delectable, some sort of tasty thing.
Like I thought maybe the frat house just had a bake sale.
And then he brought out like-
My man Xanny makes these bars so good.
Fucking condensed milk, coconut.
He brought out this cloudy sandwich bag
of what were very clearly pills.
And I said, oh no, I don't.
No, sorry.
Sorry there, Bronco.
That's on him.
These are antacids because we're about to eat
so many Xanny bars.
Marshmallow and chocolate chips Xanny bars, baby.
Sorry, I thought you said Zanza bars.
And I would have loved that.
That one's on him though, Griffin.
That's not your fault because that's not in the bar form at all.
So like, what the fuck was he even talking about?
I don't know.
I didn't do much research into it after the fact.
Honestly, was I embarrassed?
Yes.
Was I embarrassed that I whiffed it that bad
in front of somebody who just moments before
I intended to impress in some way?
Yes.
But was that embarrassment completely overshadowed
by my disappointment that I wasn't about to eat
some delicious, gooey, moist Xanny bars?
Yeah.
Something you've never even heard of before.
Damn, I was so certain in that moment
that I was gonna fucking yummy those up.
Damn it.
Hey, thank you so much for listening to our podcast,
My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We hope you're having a good week.
Just a reminder to stay at home this week
and don't gather with your family who-
Or friends.
Or friends who you don't see every single day.
There's no special magic about-
Well, there's love.
There's holiday love.
No, Chris.
But not a special magic that's going to protect you from-
Yeah, COVID don't care about love.
If there's one thing I've learned from that hit
country and western song, COVID don't care about love,
it's that COVID don't care about love.
Don't care about love, yeah.
Yeah, so please be safe, be smart.
Though I will say, speaking of love,
thank you to everybody who came to the live show,
who watched the live show.
It was such a fun experience.
And everybody, you were so lovely afterwards
and you're gonna make us wanna do it again.
Yeah, we will never tour again.
This is it now.
Are you kidding?
This is our new WALL-E style of tour.
I got to fucking sleep in my bed that night, my bed.
I got to, right before the show, I took a shower
and I used my special prescription strength
anti-dandruff shampoo in my shower.
I am never leaving the house again.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Great tunes, baby.
Good friends, good fun, good tunes.
Great tunes, and thanks to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Yes, indeed.
There's a really great podcast I'd like to tell you about.
It's called The Besties.
And if you, like me, have been unable to obtain
either a PlayStation 5 or an Xbox Series X, and you-
He's about to pivot into asking our listeners.
For sure, for sure, for sure.
Oh, no, no, no.
I was going to say, if you want to hear people talk about them
and long to one day rest your hands upon their new sleek bodies,
well, then you're going to want to check out The Besties.
It's Justin Griffin and our friends Russ Frushtek
and Chris Plant talking about the latest and greatest
in video game inter-gamement.
And it's super fun.
It's like one of my favorite podcasts
and my favorite gaming podcast.
Almost said it's favorite.
Yeah, but it's not.
I don't miss an episode, and I'm very excited to hear
you guys talk about your game of the year lists.
That's always one of my favorite points in the show.
So make sure you check that out.
And also, if you enjoy The Great British Bake Off,
Teresa and I have been discussing the latest season
on our podcast Bake On, which you can find in your podcatcher
and also on our YouTube channel, McRoy Family.
Go check out McRoyMerch.com for all the cool merches there.
This is your last week to get the pin of the month
that benefits the Loveland Foundation,
which is committed to showing up for communities of color
in unique and powerful ways with a particular focus
on women and girls.
Don't forget to pre-order our book,
the McRoyPodcastBook.com.
You can pre-order everybody as a podcast except you.
You can also pre-order The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom,
which is book, what, four?
Yes, of our graphic novel series.
You can get that over at theadventurezonecomic.com.
And the Sawbones book is out in paperback on December 29th.
It's newly revised and updated for 2020,
and you can get that at bit.ly slash Sawbones paperback.
Nice. Thank you.
Do you guys, yeah, here comes the final Yahoo.
Yeah, wrap it up.
Like a billion people sent this one in.
Thank you, everybody.
It's from Yahoo Answers User Question Mark, who asks,
why do big, beautiful men love putting so much seasonings
on their food?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May you kiss your dad square on the lips.
