The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm Travis the resplendent. I am Griffin McElroy. Hey guys
Can it come any faster can I go to sleep now
Hibernate through the time when this doesn't happen
24th bonk me on the head with a bowling ball in a very
Specific way with a very specific amount of force to make me be asleep until June 24th
Let me go to sleep bowling in the clouds only to wake up on June 24th with a long beard. Oh, I creak awake
Oh, what's that? My kids are like two and a half months older. That's not that bad. But what's that man versus B is out?
Huh? It's all worth it. It was all worthwhile
because our head hurts all the time and we can't smell no more but a man versus B is out and we get to
Watch it whenever the fuck we want. Now. Here's I know what you're wondering
What are you allowed to watch it? The answer is as you want. Well, here's the thing you here's the thing
What is man versus B? Well, first of all, it's a revelation. Second of all is
A revelation. It's a revelation. It's it's revelations. It's the first sign of revelations. It's Rowan Atkinson. Yeah, he's back
And he's fighting a B in a Netflix get this series impossible
This is the impossible part of man versus B. Thank you. Yes, I agree
Man versus B can't be a series can't be a series unless there is a development where it becomes a
like
Emotional journey of these two battling. Okay, it'll be an emotional journey
You know the tagline prepare for battle Rowan Atkinson man versus B landing 24th of June
That's literally all we know. He is holding a spatula and there's
Fire yeah, so I think chaos is part of this. Okay. Yeah, so here's what I need you guys to help me do
Uh-huh, man versus B. The poster looks like mouse hunt, right? Yes. Oh, yeah thousand in a major way, but it's not
It's not man versus B the movie. Nope. It's man versus B the series. So I need you guys to help me brainstorm
How this is a series. Every episode the B gives a food challenge that he has to complete. Okay, I like that. I like that
That's it. It is scripted though
I love that they say in the tweet that it's scripted as if I they would have the fucking
Guts, guts to do an unscripted reality series about Rowan Atkinson fighting a B. So thank you for the clarification
What if in fighting the B he starts becoming a B himself?
Ooh, a Kafka-esque. Yes, and it's like
Three seasons in he's like I am the stinger. Yeah, it's like he's the he becomes the B. The B man
Sarah Davis who works with us and is incredible asked who is voicing the B based off of she does not know if the B
Speaks but her assumption and I believe it's correct is that the B must speak and my assumption in response is I
Bet the B if it is voiced is voiced also by Rowan Atkinson at which way what I love about this
Is it poses a like the B is not just like oh, no, there's a B in my kitchen. I gotta deal with it
It is an active antagonist
To Rowan Atkinson and everybody else is like man. It's just a B. Leave it alone
Then I can see where it's slowly him devolving into wait
Am I the man or the B who have I become what is this moment? We can't love this. We can't
We don't work for Netflix. You're right. We don't we are not Rowan Atkinson. We cannot possibly
Possibly deign to guess at what the plot structure of man versus B is gonna be but if you ask me who's gonna voice
It be I will I would say Gerald Seinfeld because he speaks for the beats
now this is an excellent point Griffin because my assumption here is that somewhere a
TV a creator person was watching B movie and getting more and more frustrated and finally they just screamed to the heaven
But what about the man side of the story, right?
Guys, okay. So here's some more I went to the I headed on over to IMDb to try to get some more details
Getting them those clicks. We have some behind-the-scenes
Shots of Rowan Atkinson and the
Outfit that this man is wearing the look the steez of this man
In the in this in the I'm gonna send home
I'm gonna send you guys a screenshot if you're at home or you're driving go to IMDb
No, don't do it for driving if you're driving Travis. It's that important. Okay, it's that important pull over to the side of the road
Wherever you are just pull over. I'm gonna stop and put on your hazards
Just stop put on your hazards cuz this takes this takes precedence, right? This is more important. Hold on. I
Can't wait. Yeah, it's gonna be so fucking good
huh, so I've sent you a screenshot of the
Of behind the scenes and his fucking steez is his shirt and his hat makes it look like he's
Making legally mandated door-to-door introductions. Okay. Yeah, this is the first thing
The second thing that I could tell you about it
Is that his house sitting in a luxurious mansion who will win and what?
Irreparable Dan image will be done in the process and actually I find myself asking that second question quite seriously
Can I tell you what's wild?
Shouldn't they shouldn't no pun intended bug me but in the promotional photo the image that Netflix is posted
He has a very close haircut
Very representative and then I look at this image and I'm like, is there a time-lapse the bee and him end up living together?
And this image comes from let's say 15 years later and they're watching their first child go off to high school
each I okay first sorry guys now Griffin I assumed it would be adopted but I see what you're saying
I just got in first cast reveal. I have four cast members
In the cast currently Jing Lucy plays Nina Lee Byford plays builder
Tony McCarthy is playing you guessed it Prisoner
1968 huh? Yeah, that's a sick album from Megadeth
I don't know if you've ever heard it says Rowan Atkinson unknown episodes. Let's hope it's all I would
Shit that's the twist Justin. He's dead for a step. That's that lost the twist
Anything can happen
That's cool and then man man is his last name
He kills the heat be kills man in the first app and then it becomes a legal case
I'm man VB where his family is
Suing the bee. Here's here's what's stressing me out
Yeah, stressing me out. Yeah, talk about irreparable damage. That's gonna be done in the process. I'm standing by the way
Yeah, I'm pacing I'm saying I can tell I hear it irreparable damage done the process to our brand
I know as much as we've talked about this now
It is gonna be something that people tell us about yeah every step of the way every and you know
What in this case good? I'll take keep anything. Yeah, keep it coming. Keep it coming. I gotta know more about me
Do you think the episodes are like three minutes long and then that's how they make a series out of it
Here's the thing guys
I know you're not supposed to do it like the handle like liberals telling you not to but you can kill a be so easy
You're so much bigger than they are and as soon as you stop being afraid of the sharp part on them
Yeah, you learn that the rest of the parts of them are
Will yield beneath your your mighty pond. Also all things considered bees. Oh
Fine, you know what? I mean at a certain point and I haven't seen the movie but at a certain point
I don't know how long I can go before I'm just like just ignore it. Yeah, what's the beef?
What could what damage could it be possibly to launch it?
Sorry, there's somebody there's somebody at my door. That was the weirdest. Oh my god. It's me from the future
What Justin?
It's ten episodes long. Wow
Wait, that can't be right. I swear to God
now
Season one
Season one of this epic tale season one, huh? This is be how is it ten episodes?
I hope that the first nine episodes are building to the B and the man encountering each other for the first time
I hope that they have the sheer guts to make the man and be not face off until like episode 10
Do it right your style where it's taking place in like two
Lines and they meet in the middle. That's good
I love this get to see I imagine Rowan Atkinson's backstory and that be
Talking about like his greatest opponent, right?
How is it ten episodes Justin
How many episodes should it be Justin?
Mr. Mr. Hotshot fucking Hollywood producer
Okay, how many episodes or episodes well now it's a miniseries Justin
Yeah, which means we it's got Golden Globe heat at that point. That's true earth. What if it oh, oh, what if it doesn't come to America?
No, fuck that. I'll move. I'll move to the UK for ten weeks cuz I assume they're not gonna dump this all at once
This will be one episode at a time
Yeah, this is appointment view. This is the point. You can't dump it all at once. This is structure. They're gonna build this out
They're gonna be there day one. We'll be there day one live streaming with you
Yeah, we're doing a live watch along June 24th. Get there if we can make it to the premiere fuck man
I'll be there. You know what I mean? I can't make they gotta send me screenies. I got oh, yeah
Process it's got big sag energy this one. You can't expect me to just talk about a day one unpack my feelings
No, I need time. Did we say Rowan Atkinson's bad yet? I feel like we could have covered that up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Okay, good. Yeah. So anyway, um, if we hey, here's a safe assumption if we do a watch or something
There's probably at least one person in there. We don't like yeah, right?
This one there's just the one person so far the B might be a piece of shit. Yeah, that's true
I don't know about this B. I don't know what this B is doing. I don't know. Oh boy
Oh boy, but if they caught me right now and said hey, would you voice the beat? I consider it
I see what the offer is
How's it ten how is it ten though
I'm hoping that maybe this is one of those like early side the hedgehog things
We're like all the fans are like certainly not ten. Yeah, like, okay, we regret
They'll also be like Rowan Atkinson's whole steez looks way off guys and they'll be like, oh, okay
We'll see GI in a different Rowan Atkinson
Can I posit this I could see it being ten episodes. Just take out Rowan and give me Chris O'Dowd. Thank you
Okay, Richard Ayoade fighting a B. Oh my fuck. I would watch a hundred episodes of that
Are you kidding me?
Legitimately pumped if somebody was like do you want to watch Richard Ayoade fight a B for ten episodes like yeah, so
Lutely, yes for some reason as soon as you said Chris my mind went to Elliot and I would also watch that
Also watch there's so many people I would rather watch fight a B
Almost any but yeah, almost any it's the least I mean except unless it was like
Lawrence the Cable Gentleman like that that would be the only
But if it if he was playing himself and he had kind of like let his hair down and retarger this is him at home
Cameras are off the lights have dimmed, you know
The Lawrence the Cable Gentleman doesn't have quite as funky an accent as he puts I know he's laying a little bit. It is a role
He's got he's got a little bit of drawl, but it is not nearly the the no
Get the cadence that he pulls off in his in his day-to-day life
He is Lawrence Chrysler the National Security Advisor to the Biden administration
So that is day-to-day and then at night he's like get her done. Yeah. Hey time to get her done
That must have been really hard. Can you imagine him in the mirror for like three days straight? Just like get her done
Get her done. Yeah
So we got to focus on man versus be right here I showed is the same day told from a different perspective
It's the same offense
Yes, this is what I'm saying I can see that how much them on okay
I would also accept ten episodes each episode exact same exact same different comedian
Plays the Rowan Atkinson part each time. I would watch that. That would be good
I want one of the episodes to just be a shot-for-shot recreation of that one episode of Breaking Bad where there's the fly
But in this case, it's a B and the BS represent the guilt you feel for letting someone die
exactly
He was he in a situation where he's like I want to do a TV show who my friends to see who wants to do
A TV show. Not bad. Not far. I were like, we checked and no no
He's like what about bees?
What about bees indeed Rowan? He walked into like his manager's office or his agents and he said, okay
You know what? I'm ready. Hand me the stack of scripts people have submitted that they want me to be a part of and they're like
There was no second scripts, but then the agent saw a dead bee on the windows
I was like, well, I tell you what I got it. I got somebody to pitch me a great idea and that's how it happens
Okay, we could I be a bee last lives a month. Uh-huh a bee lives a month
So the there's ten episodes
The bees gonna die of natural causes at the that has to be we're headed towards a Charlotte's Web
There's a big problem in filming. Yeah. Yeah, we can't these bees keep dying. We have to go faster
I'm so tired of trading these bees how to do a punchline
But Rowan just kept eating the bees. He just
He was gonna die anyways, it's me Rowan Atkinson. I don't know who Rowan Atkinson is. I wish the listeners have been here the first time
I looked at the image because honestly, it's the most it's one of the most powerful images
I've seen in quite some time in terms of just like the raw potential of man. How how is it?
Can I ask a question?
How is it ten?
How how is it not I was gonna say a movie but even to like let's say
85 minutes a movie a movie makes sense. I see we're not talking about it if it's a movie. No, absolutely a movie
It's like oh, whatever. Yes, we've seen that it's called Mouse Hut. It was good. It was great. I love that movie
Is he allergic to bees? Oh
That does give the bee a fighting chance, which I appreciate. He has like one shot
Yeah, that's what maybe the bee is like stolen his social security number and it's it's like, oh, okay
I wear a bit of a standoff your bee. I don't want you to ruin my credit. Yeah, I could see that
Oh, it could be a what about Bob kind of scenario where at first the whole family's like get rid of that bee
But then the family was like, yeah, you know what? I actually like this bee
Reincarnated wife. I'm enjoying imagining Rowan Atkinson
Reaching for his podcast volume knob just turning it all the way down and he keeps turning a little back up to see if we're still
Talking about it. Oh god, they're still okay. Please just do a Munch Squad. Get me back. Hey, hello. Hello. It's me. Rowan Atkinson. I love it if you all stop talking about my movies
I'm spiraling. I just need to eat a few bees
That'll that'll even me out. Yeah, I just need some I'm way down. I just need to level up. No, no, you've been clean for months
I'm hungry. I'm gonna chomp down some bees or as I call them honey gushes, you know, they don't
The honey's not in. Rowan, you can have some ants. It's all we've got in the house. You know, that won't get me there
All right, my favorite brothers have ruined my movie. It's actually ten episodes Rowan. Boys, you're getting a little silly
We need to calm down. It's ten episodes Rowan. Wait, how is it ten episodes? Okay, I don't remember that
I'm gonna I'm gonna put out a thing. This just says how we should do a shirt
That just says how's it ten?
How's it ten?
Okay, let's let's start the show I'm not feeling like doing a war with grandpa. No, we're not grant we're not gonna war
war with grandpa as
I mean, I will say it is sad because if anything was deserving. Yeah, it would be man versus bee but like
We have a long road, you know, we have a lot of build-up to this. There's gonna be a trailer
In a different universe though
I would love an entire episode of us doing a ten episode breakdown purely on spec of trying to figure out like, okay
So what could you have one? What would you do an F1 and then F2?
How do you what's the bad is quickly what this episode is becoming?
No, we're not letting it happen. No, no, we would never but what no
How is it not even if we joke about it three times it comes real there's a lemonade stand on my college campus that is
Handing out free cups of lemonade nice
I would love to approach them and receive a free drink
But there's something strange one of the people working at the tables wearing a rainbow clown wig
And a red nose and the other is holding a large video camera. Oh, no, who has those?
It's a phone now, okay, they're filming everyone who walks by or approaches the table
I've seen several people approach the table and although everyone seems equally confused
They all received their free cups of lemonade and walked away unscathed
Brothers am I good to get my free lemonade? I don't want to be pranked or put into a YouTube video of some sort
What is the catch to this and that's from limiting up lover in LA and it's all I can think about now
So I really really hope that they did
I do need I'm about to tell them not to but I hope that they did because I need to know what happened
Hey guys, I still have that one image of their own accent up on my computer. I
Have to close it
I promise you we'll be talking about man versus be a lot more in the lead-up to the series
We are the brand ambassadors. Yeah, I did get a call
Street scene. Okay. Here's the thing. What else could it be?
if not some sort of prank or I mean, I guess it could be like a
You come up and we're gonna like ask you your feelings of like, what do you think about the current college administration?
Yeah, what do you think about Jesus Christ?
Yeah
That's and that's always on the table this group and they're like
We're really out there changing some hearts and minds out there with our cold lemon drink
By the way, I thought about this the other day colleges should offer one class
That's just called like Avia's professor pick support Bible just I think that would be nice just to give that to them
That would be dope because then you would have a place for the strong ex-marine
Who stands up and punches the professor so hard he dies and everybody gets saved and he's like that was from Jesus
engineer that sort of on a
You know institutional level that would just be nice to give that to them, you know
Just night. I think naughty would appreciate it
Okay, but by them you mean people who don't like who think that's all that happens in colleges
Yeah, sure. That's why the rainbow wig
I mean, that's what I mean
I don't know why we need to pick apart the hue of the clown wig is a clown wig
They're wearing a clown nose and a clown wig. Okay, but that's what I'm saying. It's like if not a prank
Who puts that on and thinks this will draw them in?
That can't be it. Now. I will say
It is noticeable. You know that you were talking about it, aren't you?
To to why is the lemonade free then?
Why lemonade huh
Why the camera why all the parts of it I hate this
Real quick because there's not a lot of context to go on here and I we do need to move on because this is not
An advice situation. I do really though quickly want to hear from each of you your best guess
As to what is happening here? Okay, and then I can I am in that too?
I would like wow instantly best guess and would we take the free lemonade? Okay, I can answer the second part
No, no, I know how I'm a man. I'm 41 years old. I can get my own limit. Okay, great
The best guess is what's going on?
If the person's walked away unscathed I think that they have set up the premise and
forgotten
That you also need some sort of punchline. They're just hoping
Something funny happens. Okay. My guess is this is a like a sociology class and they are
Showing how much are like survival
instincts have dulled
To a point where we're accepting lemonade from from clowns. Oh, I like that too. Okay. I think there's a YouTube channel called piss boys
Okay, I can see where you're going with this but it piss boys would have better equipment
I like Justin's because I believe a school still has a big video. Stop your mind told your brain told you to say out loud
That's wrong because piss boys would have better equipment than that. Yeah, this boys would be a popular
stop
Why?
Why not?
Travis Travis you were so quick to shit on my thing and
You and your reasoning for it was his boys the imaginary YouTube channel would you are professional than that?
Yeah, I would have more success
I spent we all spend a lot of time on the internet government
You can't tell me that a channel called piss boys wouldn't be breaking it
But I feel like you're doing a lot of talking and not listening and critical thinking. Yeah. Thank you, Griffin
I think that piss boys would not be a good YouTube channel Travis. Okay. Why is that?
because the
Because this the joke that they are doing here is that they walk up and the clown says want free lemonade and someone takes it
And they say it's piss and then the person's like then I don't want it and then the clowns like it's not piss
And then that's good and then they see if the person drinks it or not. Oh, that's five million hits
Let's see. Justin has a link to oh, okay. Justin has his boys. That's how you pronounce it. Oh, okay
I just found that I searched YouTube to see if there was already a piss boys channel. There's not yet
There's a band. Oh
Okay, all right moving on yeah, let's go
They publish every Tuesday and Thursday by the way, if anyone wants to check out their content, it's incredible
Some of it is piss related, but they also do some like how to DIY stuff around the house
I'm witnessing and there's a lot of money by the way
It was a Christian thing the Christians witnessing to you or something
Yeah
A friend of mine has been looking to buy an older TV to play her SNES on the other day
My boss I believe it's renowned sneeze
The other day my boss had a pristine Kurt on the floor of her office. Sorry. That's a CRD. I
I asked about it and she said she was waiting for her husband to take it to Goodwill
I texted my friend to ask if she wanted a free TV. Of course
She said yes when I went back to my boss to tell her I would take it off her hands. She was thrilled
She then asked how much my friend was willing to pay for it. I
Had already told my friend it was free. So I panicked and said I would see what I could do
Brothers the TV is now sitting in my house waiting to be picked up
I don't want to take it back to work
But if I asked my notoriously cheap friend to pay she won't want it. Do I have to pay for this TV now?
Can I just not mention it to my boss again? I'm a broke college student, but I really want to play Super Mario
Please help that's for financially flustered in the Finger Lakes here. Hey right off the bat
Can I just say that's why she's the boss?
Yeah
Okay, she sees a deal
She's working it, right?
Yeah, I mean here's the thing if you want the true experience of playing
fucking
You know, dr. Crankenstein 3d or like whatever the old cool SNES games are you gotta go she's islands
I'm pretty sure dr. Crankenstein is wonderful laboratory 3d is the game that I was thinking of they came on the same
Cartridge it was like a half and half. Well, I know that they did the cartridge
That was part Chrono Trigger part. Dr. Crankenstein's wonderful. Yeah, but on the back of it was Yoshi's Island if you turned it around
Yeah, if you put the card in backwards if you put it in upside down as Yoshi's cookie. Yeah, it's a cool cartridge
It was if he blew in it. It was a game genie
Yeah, and it made a harmonica noise probably but it was a literal genie that came out. Yeah
Yeah, but he played games with you, but he would grant your wishes in all these like really ironic terrible way
Yeah, yeah while he beat you at Mario Kart. So
Man, I don't know. I get it. I get that lifestyle, right? There's something about like input lag
That's why people like playing Smash Brothers on old-ass TVs
Well, it's that I think it's the input. I don't know if the input lag is part
I know that it's the the pixels are blurred
If you if you use a CRT that has individual pixels being eliminated there at that you get the true
prison at it, but on an LCD the the pixels are blurred because they're being I
Say artificially rendered. They also probably don't want to worry about adapters for the cables guys
That's probably they just have the one cable that plugs into an RCA hookup. You think that's what's going on here Jeff?
Yes, Justin. That's a thousand percent what it is
Yeah, okay. All right
That's what I said
You guys are coming at this from your elite video game journalist days
And I'm like they don't want to go to the trouble of finding an adapter
You're shooting from the hip with your your hot piss boys take. Yes. Thank you
I'm trying to get on that channel so bad
You guys who'd be so good for our brand if they would just have I I would say here's the here's the thing
I this is my take. Yeah, I think that everything's fine because you already have the TV
Right, so it's not like your boss said. Oh great. I'll hold on to it to it till you bring me the money
You've got it. Wow. Okay, so like dropped it outside then went bang. I mean at this point
It's not a problem until it becomes a problem again. So I would just stop worrying about it if it was me
Right cuz it's fine until it's not fine and then you can figure it out
Uh, yeah, that's not great advice. That's just not good. It kind of feels weird to say
I'm gonna give this away to go. Well, I don't know wait
I'll sell it like I guess you do you do you and you know, you get you I guess you got to chase the paper
but
Nothing, nothing lost there. You know what I mean?
Now I will say Griffin to that point the boss didn't say you will have to pay for it
Or that will be $20 or whatever. They said how much would they pay for it?
And you question asker could have said oh
nothing
Right, like it was a very open-ended question with a possibility of zero dollars was an answer
And so I that I
There was a moment there that would have now I get it sometimes on the show
We have to think about yeah, but we didn't do that. That wasn't what happened. I understand that but that's where I would have gone
Or just follow the husband to Goodwill and get it from there. Well, then you gotta buy it
Or oh, okay. Yeah, you're right Justin when he starts to bring it in you come around the corner like yes
I'm a good will employee. I'll take that right off your hands. Boom. No
There's no ethical or no issues
What so ever Travis just said and while you're at it walk in there and just keep telling people you're a good will employee
Just take some stuff
It's perfect. It's a good way of building goodwill. Oh
Hey
Griffin do you have anything for us this week anything? I mean the wizard came to me in a dream last night
whoa, yeah
Daniel sent this one and thank you Daniel and it's not it's not them. I mean, it's not the most not rages
one
But I found it fascinating and it is how to become a saint. Oh
I have wondered of course you have yeah
I mean
It's me
Saints are people that Christians particularly Roman Catholics believe are the holiest and virtuous servants of God and that they are now in heaven
Saints are celebrated with prayers days on the holy calendar and an art and iconography on churches and their lives are revered studied as
Examples for the rest of the faithful to follow I that's cool
There's also a lot of those places that will like make those big votive candles, but sure sure sure
But it'll have you know, like a fucking
Be Arthur be Arthur
Some of these real sinners
Anyway, oh step one. It was be Arthur a real sinner. Yeah, she
Did all kinds of blood rituals so the awesome first step become Catholic and you can just do that
You can just go do that go hit up the go hit up your local
Parish or whatever and you're like, I would love to be Catholic and it juice
Don't you have to take didn't they try to make you do like Catholic mostly Catholic at this point, right?
I added a little bit of training but not by mean like just so they would let me get married in the church
We had to meet with a priest. Yeah, and he had to tell us the real meaning
Now Justin was this a lot like that one scene and there's a very important scene in cinema
In Street Fighter when they were trying to make Blanca evil and they filled it almost all the way up with evil
But then the last moment it switched to good was that like you converting to Catholicism and the last moment
It was basically exactly a shot-for-shot remake of the 2007 film license to win
Robin Williams is the Reverend. Okay, who's getting John Krasinski and Mandy Moore married? Okay, I do
I remember it vividly
But you're saying it wasn't a shot-for-shot remake of the 1994 film Street Fighter in the scene where they try to make
100% evil, but he and when the priest was like you want to get married on a Tuesday?
Yeah
That's a good Street Fighter movie joke
Yeah, everyone got that one for sure, okay, so here we go live an exemplary and pious life that's one step
That's a single step. This is just like live
So right, it's so good and spend all of your days on this earth fighting against poverty and oppression and devoting your life
to scholarly study
Did I start that now? I think it might
Say Paul did some shit, right? I mean he came around he did his was a pretty extreme example
Example, but sure. Yeah, okay
So next next step and I love the wording perform at least two miracles. Okay. Okay. Yeah
Yeah, you know like if you do
five
That's cool. I feel like you get into a case where like if you do too many miracles people are gonna get a little bit
Suspicious two is kind I would say two to three is the sweet spot
Yeah, I think once you hit four or more people are gonna be like we get it
But like they have to there's like a ratification process that takes place
So like if you want to be safe there might it might make sense to do
Two or three or even four if you feel like maybe one of them isn't gonna count
And I just take it from me if you're like and then the third
Eminem in a row that I got out of the package was blue. They don't probably not gonna cut them
They don't take that one. What's cool
It is a little bit like the Guinness Book of World Records where they send someone to watch it like, okay do it
Oh, yeah six in one minute. He's in which is pretty cool. They don't actually do it like that for reasons
We'll get into very very shortly
But some examples unexplainable hearing healing of the incurably sick wounded or dying is a classic
It says as is interceding to miraculously stop or rescue people from an impending disaster
You don't technically have to perform these miracles while alive. You could intercede from heaven to make your miracles happen instead
Oh, that sounds good. That sounds like the easiest one. Tell me if this next step sounds good. Step four die
Hmm. I wasn't planning on that one though. I'm not gonna do that one
No getting around this one st. Hood is a posthumous title
In fact, the organization process only begins a minimum of five years after the subjects death
What? Oh, man, that's so long after if but this is the tricky needle to thread is if possible
Try to be martyred for your faith. I do not see how I could get myself in a situation
But if I was gonna go out, that's not bad. I mean, yeah sure
So, okay, here's here's okay. So remember now at this step there's lots more things to do here, but you are dead now
I'll try to keep that in mind. Okay navigating the canonization process as a dead skeleton through the ground
Don't get up and dance around in the ground
Frown upon don't climb out of your grave and start to kill people
Does not work make me a saint or I'll make you a skeleton too that will not work threats do not work in this process
They don't like it develop a local quote devotion of people who remember your holiness and pray to you
You've got I think set this one up ahead of time
Have you really helps to have like a confederate in this he's like, hey, do you guys remember Travis? Yeah
I ruled right. Let's get together and talk about him
Have your local bishop initiate a cause with the Vatican's congregation for st. Hood causes again
This is gonna be a ball that you got to start rolling five years prior
Right at least right before your worm food, bro
Because it's gonna this part it takes a while get investigated by the church a postulate will pour over the details of your life
Works and your writings. Oh boy
We're gonna have to erase a lot of content from the old interest this guy does a lot of war stuff
Hey, I really quick the last like beatified person
Yeah, you guys know my mother Teresa, right or st. Teresa know
So I just real quick want to mention something. Yeah, so she did two
Miracles, right?
Anima and yeah, you gotta do two miracles and then there's somebody like this this person
Named Monica
Had a tumor and she's in India then she saw a light emanating from a photo of Mother Teresa
and then a medallion from Mother Teresa was put on her abdomen and
The tumor went away and it says in this story here on biography
That theologians and medical experts who delved into the case found though
There was no earthly explanation for Bessra's recovery
Huh and her cure was therefore attributed to the miraculous intervention of Mother Teresa. All right
That's cool. And the miracle was recognized by the Vatican in 2002 and there's another one just like this in
2008 uh-huh
Somebody should have said something about that the cool. Yeah
Like no, I mean like hey big news everybody
We have proof we got a miracle like that's huge. Like I feel like that should have been maybe Twitter was
How the fuck were we supposed to know about it
I also say this the end result of that. It's hard for me not to
Throw a little shade on old Teresa there. I'm like, so just keep do it. Why did you stop more medallions?
That's a really cool thing to do a lot of juice it uses a lot of
Well, that's how we need to work on more renewable energy
Have your first miracle verified and beatified by the Pope. So this one's got to go way up the flagpole essentially
Oh, hey Pope. It's me Travis. First of all, cut some of that shit out second of all
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. I got a last-minute reservation for 17
I'm like I'm talking like an hour before dinner. So if you want to fast-track this process where it doesn't matter where?
It doesn't matter stop
Applebee's it was a second, but it was a lot of people last-minute. It was a big out
It was a small Applebee's and then oh and then when they brought the check
They had left two of the desserts off. So we got it for cheaper than excepted
So so pretty cool night pretty cool next step get that second and I was not hung over the next day
Even though I had eight Brutus's. Okay
All right, get that second miracle verified and become a saint. That's one step
Easy easy if you got the first if you can do one miracle
Yeah, I bet you can do two and then they're already bought in at that point
And then it gets not fun at the end where it says answer prayers now that
Catholics are officially permitted to venerate you they can ask you to speak with God on their behalf
Don't I'm gonna I'm gonna be so busy
Cranking out medallions. I do not have time to make sure that your kid wins the soccer game once I get into that
Let's be honest awesome VIP area that must exist in heaven for Saints. Yeah
I doubt I'm dipping out to answer a call on my cell phone
You know what I mean? Like I need a middle to be the middle man to just be like, that's true
Lord, you got to check out this one. You probably just make it a little baby. Jonathan needs a win
He is so shitty at soccer. You would not believe it. Could you send some angels down? We've done it before
Just let the angels help. No, not this time. Okay. Sorry. I'll let him know
Yeah, he said uh, you got it the angels would be there, but no one could see them powers in you all along
Bye, what miracles do you guys think you could?
Do we'll say humously not posthumously, okay
Let's see, um, I could float
Okay, like David Blaine style. No, not really like on water
Well lay down and no cuz everyone kind of floats in water. I would I mean I can't do it
I'm too dense with muscle, but I
I would make you float. Yeah, that would be a good one. I made better people than you have tried. What's the miracle?
I'm in my really muscly brother Travis. Yeah
He said he couldn't do it cuz it's through an all-starch diet and eight months of hard work
I made it so he would I I actually I did a miracle recently where
At first there only seemed to be enough content for one episode and I made it into ten episodes before their very eyes. That
Way there would be enough man versus be for the whole congregation. Yeah
My past out of the scripts and I said these are for you this take of it. It is not very good
Episodes two through ten is where I carried
Yeah, anyway, that's how to become a saint and I you know, I think that's neat
Go for it. Yeah
Anyway, take it from me podcaster Griffin back Roy. This is swell
Sounds like a cool gig. Let's go to money
Squarespace I want to tell you about it. You're gonna listen for once Griffin. I guarantee you
I'm not open those ears buddy because I'm gonna put some knowledge in them swirl it around
It makes it up into a cocktail because Squarespace is the only one platform for building your brand and growing your business online
Stand out with a beautiful website get engaged to your audience and sell no
Sorry engage with your audience and sell anything marry your fucking audience your products content
You create and even Griffin get this your time
The most precious resource you have you should get paid for it
And you can do my most precious resource is the nectar that I produce that is true. It powers everything
Look around you see that your child's toy your dishwasher even your car
It runs on my nectar that I create. It's horrifying but
Electrifying add online booking and scheduling to your Squarespace website
Clients can easily see your availability or reschedule if needed taking the hassle out of coordinating calendars. Thank you
I use a weird calendar of my own design so it can be really hard to sync up
With people and so it's really nice that Squarespace is there to help
Ship pre Gregorian and it is a real a real real hassle. It's
It's basically a three-day calendar
I don't want to talk about it use customizable galleries to display images and videos in unique ways create pro-level videos
Effortlessly the Squarespace video studio app helps you make and share engaging videos to tell your story grow your audience
and drive sales
Head to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial when you're ready to launch use offer code
My brother all one word to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Yesterday
we were delighted and
Treated to if you will a fashion show by my daughter Charlie
And this is a recurring thing in our house. Thanks to stitch fix if you don't know stitch fix and you should you
You should I must I mean you you you should if you don't know stitch fix. It is a service that
Helps you to find clothes that will look great on you. You tell them your style
Your budget the maybe events that you have coming up or other things that you
Would need some new fashionable clothes for and stitch fix is gonna send you a box of
Great looks you try them on you only keep the stuff that you want and the returns are easy
They have things in kids sizes
Which is great because I don't want to spend a lot on kids clothes because the Eric Grove it dang things so quickly
And I can tell them that like, you know, I'm not gonna spend a hundred dollars on jeans. Oh, I thought you meant
You could tell your kids that also my daughter doesn't like jeans. So don't send jeans
They'll do that for you
They'll listen to you and if you don't want to do this whole like stylist thing if that's not your your your speed
you can use stitch fix freestyle, which is an online shop built out of
garments that they think you'll love
To get started you take a style quiz so stitch fix can learn your preferences
Like we sent favorite colors fits price ranges and you can get started today
What by filling out your freestyle quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother and get free shipping and returns that's it
fix comm slash my brother
Max fun drive 2022 starts in just one week Monday April 25th
We'll have exclusive max fun drive gifts awesome episodes bonus content and you know
What else you'll just have to tune in we have some tricks up our sleeve
sleeves
tricks
Is it plural? We'll catch you next week the greatest time to support the podcast you love
Max fun drive starts on Monday, April 25th. Don't miss it
If you're sick of constantly arguing with the people closest to you about topics that really aren't going to change the world
We're here to take that stress off of your shoulders
We take care of it for you on we got this with mark and now that's right how if you have a subjective
Question that you want answered objectively once and for all time for all of the people of the world
We're here to take care of it for you on we got this with mark and now that's right
I'm for all of the people of the world questions like who's the best Disney villain Mac or PC?
Or should you put ketchup on a hot dog? That's why we're here. Yes
I get that these are the biggest question of our time and we're often joined by special guests like Nathan Fillion Orlando Jones and
Padgett Brewster so let mark and how take care of it for you on we got this with mark and how weekly on maximum fun
Guys the other day
Something occurred to me and I would like to issue guys a bit of a challenge
Okay, I think and I've been thinking about this a lot
In the straight white cis male category. I think of the three of us
I am the most quintessential millennial down and I feel very strongly the other day. I was mowing my lawn
I was wearing a Cobra Kai t-shirt that I've owned since before the TV show came out
Thank you, and I was listening to music on my iPhone without headphones. Just blasting it out of my pocket. Heck
Yeah, and the music I was listening to was a combination of his playlist of matchbox 20
Incubus Dave Matthews BAM Jesus and I was like, oh, this is it. This is the height of it
Oh and my sunglasses they had a little strap around the back so they wouldn't fall off my sweaty ears
What is this this?
Unforced error you are just saying I've reached the point that hit a point where I was like, I've hit it
This is peak
millennial down energy
in
brackets straight white cis male in brackets what
Okay, is there a bit associated with well, I had kind of thought you guys would step up and back
I think I'm the most quintessential but now I'm just kind of hanging out there. Yeah
It's interesting Griffin and I are sort of peering at you through the comedy glass
Wondering wondering why this exhibit is here. Well, I kind of thought that it would become a thing where you guys would talk about your
quintessential millennial dad now present that presumption is extremely millennial
Thank you so much. See now I'm re-energized because I just like to be peak anything
I think is what it comes to you, but I also wanted to be a competition. I don't want to just hand it to me. I
As long as we're I want to get this train back on the road with a little anecdote that happened to me this week
Okay, I didn't realize it was off the road. I thought okay, it was way off
Yeah
my daughter is for one of them and she
Has this thing she's been doing lately where rather than just sit on the potty?
She puts like her whole ass in
Toilet while she's peeing. It's safer that way
Honey, you got to stop doing that. She said why and I said well the
germs will get out of the potty water and
Get into your body through your butt. Uh-huh. Ah
Up the stairs right into the stink mouth
The future it was I
Had to lay down cuz up the stairs right into the sink mouth. I mean, it's just so powerful. It's like powerful powerful
powerful wordplay
I haven't done anything weird or bad or uncool. I just
pretty normal stuff
How about another question, yeah, I bought a new belt and I was so glad
To have it that I considered swapping out my old one as I walked down the street leaving the store
This is my brand. I didn't do it cuz I cuz I this would be me leaving the store
And this thought would be in my subconscious this belts gonna fix everything
Here it is. I gotta get this belt on right now. Hold up my pants and my emotions
This is gonna fix it. I
Didn't do it cuz I feared it was a little too close to actually removing my pants or signaling to others that the pants could
Come off would I have been justified to swap the belt and toss it in the garbage or is that too risqué for a public?
Sidewalk that's from new belt in New York. How bad is your old belt that you're gonna throw in the garbage?
Has it reached that point cuz then yes, well, I mean you I don't know why they're buying a new belt
Yeah, this is a good point Justin because I don't know I've bought multiple
I own multiple belts
But I've never bought one while wearing one because I never think that's on the time when you think about do I need a belt?
That's not it's really hot. I
Something's going wrong in the wiring of this belt. There's a short somewhere in here. It's overheating on a regular basis
I have to keep pouring water into the old radiator
The belt the belts that I wear on what I realized I was getting these tiny these tiny holes
In the front of my t-shirts and it's from why the belt but yeah would repeatedly
scrape against
counters
So now I have I found these special belts that are elastic and they have flat plastic clips
On the front and it looks it looks like a pretty looks cool. It looks like
It's that kind of sounds like it Justin it looks like a prescription belt
But it stretches way out way okay, and it doesn't hold my pants up very good
But I did and it does not make the holes in my shirt. Uh-huh. Well, I'll slack. I'll slack you know
It's all right. It's cool
Hey, here's the thing. It's a prescription. It's like a prescription. It's like a prescription belt. I get that I
This is rare, but I will say new belt in New York. You are correct
to a point
Where if you engage in the visible action of beginning to remove your belt?
Correct for that time until the new belt goes on. Yeah, anybody observing will think
to
Your is pay you are taking off your pants. You're just in the very early right taking off your pants
Okay, you're in the preamble
So until step two deviates from the expected outcome the expected outcome is and then pants
You're right. It does look like you're wearing juice. Sorry. I'm just looking at Justin's belt because it's the most busted thing
I've ever seen it does look
Like it looks like a lot of things it looks sort of like a restraint strap on a child stroller
It looks like a fanny pack without the fanny pack
Yeah, I also think it looks a little bit like you showed up to somewhere and they said oh we have a dress code here
You have to wear a belt and you said I don't have a belt and they said well
We have some belts you could wear just to match the dress code. This is our simple. It's like that
It's like the um hospital gown equivalent of of belts
It looks like this isn't really doing much at least you got something
It's like the 3d glasses
Equivalent of a belt that you walked into a ride and they handed out belts that they expect you to give back at the end
of the ride
That is what this looks like to me
It looks like a child has drawn their idea of a belt and then you've turned it into a reality
It just doesn't um, it doesn't make the holes in my t-shirt. That's great. I love that about it
I do love that for you. Could you announce?
I'm not taking off right now. That is what would assign help
What a side help
It's been a while since I asked but if you made a sign that said just switching belts and you held it up or had
Someone hold it up next to you. Could you loudly talk about like
Can't wait to put on this new belt. Oh, yeah a new belt like prominently. Oh
Yeah, I'll wear oh you should have done it in the store. I'll wear it out. I'll wear it out
Can you throw away my old belt? Oh walk up to a stranger on the street grab by the shoulders and scream
It's new belt day. It's new belt day everyone and switch out then they're like, well now
I'm the weird one for not getting a new belt today and what's that?
The belt industry has turned around what the economy's fixed all thanks to new belt day
Yeah, could you find someone who doesn't have a belt and just be like, hey, brother
You're on hard times. Here, please take my belt. No, these are overalls. No, they actually they're straps at the top here, brother
No, raise your hands up brother like an airplane. Let me put this belt on
I'll take the belt. I just don't I don't need it right this second. Am I it's a kind of an oh, you're oh, okay
You're putting it around me like a hula hoop. Okay. Thank you for the belt
I have a formal belt in black too. That's this exact thing, but it's black for formal occasions
Well, okay, you can't just calling something formal doesn't make it formal does it? It's black. Okay
That just means it's black doesn't mean it's formal
Okay, I want to hear your honest evaluations of my belt Griffin go it sucks
Shit I
Want a much weed it sounds like it. Yeah, baby
I want too much. Oh, I get it
playful, this is our last episode before
The big day and we haven't even mentioned it. Oh, right 420
yeah, 420 is our this our last I mean, it's basically our 420 episode and
This is a story about Winx. Everybody's getting into the biz. I just wanted to note the holiday
Here's the press release from Wingstop
Let's listen there. We stopped to offer blazed and glazed flavor for 420. Okay. Yeah, let's be blunt
Let's be honest. Yeah, I love that. That's wordplay, baby
Wingstop Inc knows their wings are the ultimate munchies
Well, and that for I this hard to say yeah, by the way hard I do not want so many ways
I don't want to be messy. No, no, and it's also a man like I got munchies don't down once chill
Yeah, right cheetos. I just want to read those and Cheetos
Could battle for the ultimate munchie a little bit of popcorn with some tahini and MSG on it. That's what I want
I don't want meat sauce
420 is a sin. I think jerky
420 is a sacred holiday for our guests
So don't let the fact that we put ink in the name of our company fool you we are down with marijuana
so in celebration of the most chill day of the year the wing joint is
It lets me know they're hip, you know what I mean, I can trust them
It's definitely not cops in celebration of the most chill day of the year
The wing joint is honoring their cannabis loving fans with a limited edition
420 inspired flavor called blazed and glazed
Available starting on April 18th in restaurants nationwide
crafted with a blend of hemp seeds
Terpenes strawberry and cayenne pepper. What are you doing over there?
Some stuff laying around some different the new flavor is designed to taste like 420
Capturing the herbal notes of the holiday and many even produce a mouth-tingling sensation
Although and I think it's really cool that they put this in here. The flavor won't actually get you. Okay
Well, all right, then
Can I just say real quick and we talk about this a lot on this show, especially a month squad words mean things
I don't think food can be limited edition, right?
But you could say limited time, but unless you've only made like 12 of these wings
We've made 12 of these wings come get them. They're $1,000 a piece. So
It might produce a mouth-tingling sensation, but it won't get you high and I'm gonna I'm gonna need to hear more about this
So let's check in with Marisa Corona. Thank you. I've been waiting officer
Some of our biggest fans aren't just pairing their favorite wings with seasoned fries
And then it says she rose her eyebrows suggestively for 35 straight, huh?
While many brands are starting to give a nod to 420 we're going higher than ever this okay by
Dedicating an entire flavor to it as the cannabis industry grows
So does wing stops desire to engage this audience
Huh and yet you're still treating it like a bunch of hippies in a van
They are yeah, it's still
Exactly. Oh
We're playing fish music
While wing stop is no stranger to weed culture. Jesus Christ alive
We're oh, that's what I say when I walk into a room full of people smoking. I'm like, oh me
I'm no stranger to weed culture. We're no strangers to weed culture. We drug test our employees probably I bet
You know all the dirty things these perverts are
This is the first year the brand has created a custom flavor in honor of the holiday
Wing stops blazed and glazed flavor is available in restaurants nationwide starting on April 18th through the 20s. I should hope so
or walls
Starting May 3rd
the flavor and
Wingstop food truck will also meet celebrants at hippie Hill in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park on April 20th to infuse
flavor
Into the festival, okay
Yeah, I mean cool yeah, it's yeah man, I mean cool I think yeah, it's pretty cool
There's thousands of people incarcerated for fucking having having, you know
A couple of leaves of marijuana in their pocket during a traffic stop and the wing stops over here like crunch them up, baby
Roll them in the sweet green stuff, right? We know you're chronically hungry for these
You get it. Yeah
That's fair. Yum. Yum
Cocoa
Cocoa anyway, that's the story on 420. I will say though. It's like not a lot of
There's not a lot of 420 this year there. I feel like it breathe
I think it's because people are hitting the CBD so hard like that. That was a big thing for sure people putting a lot of
CBD into their into their product also though a lot of places have now like legalized marijuana and it's hard to compete with the
It's like if a like if McDonald's was like hey this ain't Patrick's Day come get our beer flavored burger
No beer in it. There's no beer. I can't stress enough. You're fucked up not fun at all
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast it's called my brother my brother me in case you've forgotten
It's not called man versus B. That is our favorite TV show. Yeah, that one was taken that one was taken
Will if you live in
St. Louis
Street Louis they prefer sweet Louie, okay
I
Get are you yeah? Yeah, okay, if you live in sweet Louie
or Kansas City or
Minneapolis we would like you to please come see us perform
If you would do that it would be really good
Is that cool with you guys what did you just come just please come we're doing a Taz show in Minneapolis
It's gonna be balanced. It's gonna be fun gonna be cool um let's do this. Okay. Here's what it is
We're gonna be there, and we would like you to be there. We want to be there together
And it's gonna be super fun. We're doing the st. Louis on 420 and get this
We're not gonna be high at all because the idea of doing that is really terrifying, but we'll be there
I'm gonna be a little higher well just on life
I'll be so excited to see you and it's our fancy takes flight tour, so I don't know about them
But I'm gonna dress up you could dress up people at home. It'll be like a prom thing
Okay
We're gonna have a backdrop set up you could do prom photos if you want to one of perhaps the stupidest things
We've ever done really it's a dumb thing, but it'll be super fun
And if you have questions for the show it's been so long since we had to ask this
But if we're doing if you're gonna be at the live show, and you have questions
Please email them to us in be in BAM at maximum fun org put your the city name of the show
You're going to be in at the subject line, so we know how to separate them out
You can go to bit.ly slash McElroy tours to get those tickets
That's where we'll be this week, and then we have stops all over the place throughout the year
So make sure you go get those
At those shows by the way mask and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is required
So make sure you bring your mask and proof of vaccination or proof of the negative kovat test
The Taz game expansion pack is available for pre-order now
There's over 70 new cards, and you can get that at to gather studios.com. That's TWO gather studios.com
Also available for pre-order is the set of five Taz 20 dice
Those are the dice that have one through six three times with critical fail and critical success
That we used in that game with the Bureau of Balance logo on them in a Taz Bureau of Balance dice bag
dad's
Children's book Goldie's guide to grandchilding comes out and make tenth pre-order that at link tree slash Goldie's gun so good
It is it's so cute. I got it. It's so very good Goldie's is IES by the way
So go get that link tree slash Goldie's guide and go ahead over to the merch store see everything
We got there 10% of all merch proceeds for April will go to the transgender law center get that at McElroy merch
calm
Thank you to montane for the use for a theme song my life is better with you. It's so good. It's so
It's it's like funky, and it's got a beat. I can really I can I can really bounce my big ass, too
Yeah, I've noticed
Yeah, yeah sure oh awesome. I say doesn't coming up as max fun drive
So just get excited cuz there's lots of cool stuff that we've got a lot of good bonus stuff
So just get excited some fun Boko just get excited just get excited get excited for content. Oh
I want to I want to hear your your Tony start your Robert Johnny jr. Is Tony start
Pepper open up my suit lab. I've got a new idea for a cool laser that
I've got an idea for a cool laser that hurts thanos's
My name is Justin I'm Griffin McElroy. This is with my brother my brother me kiss your dad square the lips
It's better it's better
Oh, it's better. It's better
Oh, it's better. It's better with you
Oh, it's better with you maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
