The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis.
Step on my applause.
I'm your baby's brother, Griffin McElroy.
And I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy. Fuck you.
Getting started quick.
Like the Chilean miners emerging from their mysterious hole, we have returned to the great district of Columbia.
Great district you got here.
Maybe the best district in the whole country.
This district I know about.
The capital... end.
Do you all get peeved, do you get seriously teed-o when like people in Austin are like, it's the live music capital of the world?
Y'all should be like, you can't just say that. We're the capital capital.
Yeah, wait, are you the capital capital of the world?
You're the terrifying press conference capital of the world.
I've never... I have yet to see a press conference come out of DC where I'm like, oh, great.
It never starts with, we did it!
Okay, so, we were in Brooklyn yesterday. Was anybody at the New York show yesterday?
That was a lot of people.
We usually travel by plane whenever we do multi-city tours, but we took the Amtrak down from...
A lot of Amtrak employees here.
To their credit, it was extremely chill.
It was fucking great.
I actually had a moment where I was like, are they gonna tell us to put our seatbelts on and our tray tables up?
Once you get seats, of course, because the moment when you don't have seats is... when you're traveling with eight people is harrowing and terrible.
We need to talk about... this is technically a one-man intervention for the two of you.
Because your train behavior, it left something to be desired.
Is there something specific you're referring to here?
Okay, the entire time we've been together, all of us and the family will be hanging out talking about real shit.
And then these two will just launch into a deep Poirot talk.
Just do a deep Poirot dive into the, I guess, mysteries. I'm not well-versed.
And when we were on the train, these two were so fucking sure a murder was gonna happen.
So the entire time, like, Travis got up to go to the dining cart and would come back with a coffee and Justin would bust out a little notebook and be like, 9.50 a.m., Travis went to coffee.
Travis did literally say to me when I went to the dining cart, when I got back, just so you know, 9.35 to 9.43, in case you need an alibi.
I guess you assumed each other was the killers?
Yeah, because it's always someone they've mentioned. The book never ends with, it was that guy.
That's a definition of a cozy mystery, Griffin.
There's two I've been reading, it always happens on a train. The thing I'm most impressed by in Poirot books, everybody knows the minute things happen.
That's true. Everybody's able to say, well, I was there at 9.42. I'm like, are you just checking constantly?
See, Travis, back then, in the olden times, clocks were like TVs.
So that was the most fun thing you had to do, be like, oh, I've never had a 10.17 just like this before.
Can't wait to see what 10.18 has in store.
Probably some sort of illness that will kill me.
Probably cholera. Hope I don't get murdered.
The reality of a train murder is that trains are so big that a murder could have happened like four cars in front of us, and we would never have known.
A train could have happened in the quiet car, and I'd be like, shh.
That's the perfect crime. Hold on, let me write that down.
Who did it? Shhh.
I'm going to sound like Eddie Vedder here, but can we get some more monitor, because the echo's a little rough. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Okay, should we start doing the shit?
Sure.
So we are going to do some questions and some yahoos and some stuff, and then towards the end of the show we'll take some audience questions, and I take it that everybody knows the rule for that.
No honor!
Thank you. And don't start lining up, we'll call on people.
We'll call on people. Yeah, yesterday the Brooklynites got very horny for it, and it was like a TED talk.
We didn't even measure the horniness in here. Are y'all horny for this one, or what?
Horny meters off the charts! That's three boners! We've never gotten that far!
God knows that when I am horny, what I do is, yes! It's happening!
The alternative is the entire audience, and please God, this is not a call and response, I'll leave this stage, but if the entire audience was like, ohhhh, let's do it.
Or just silence. How horny are you?
Justin, hit me with that first question.
Thank you for bringing me this podcast I've never listened to, and so basically it's just three brothers talking about how horny they are and what that sounds like?
Yo, no, this is an important distinction. We're not horny at all.
No, I could not be less horny. I'm a little horny. Two months ago, I worked a table for my library consortium at the county fair.
What's that? That's some Justice League. Library consortium?
The library consortium.
The League of Books!
I worked for the League of Books. I took a walk to get a lemonade, and a gentleman manning one of the carnival game booths said hello to me as I walked by.
I said hello back.
There's your first mistake.
They're just trying to get your attention.
And I said hello back, and then as I continued to walk away, he said, what kind of family you got?
I have polled a lot of people, and no one knows what this phrase means.
Is it a pickup line? Is it a conversation starter? Is it a code phrase for carnies?
I deeply regret not asking the man himself for the moment. I may never know the answer. Any ideas? That's from Still Confused in Cataragas.
You here?
Hi!
Wait, what kind of family you got?
Hey, what kind of family you got?
Can I ask one thing? How badly did I butcher Cataragas?
Hell yeah! What's up? No scope!
What kind of family you got?
I cannot think of a sentence that the meaning of it changes more depending on the tone of the delivery.
That's true, because there's like a youth pastor delivery.
There's a youth pastor delivery, I mean the wording is criminal.
But it could be just, what kind of family you got? And it's just like asking like, you know, are you married? You got kids?
It's I guess a succinct way of answering a bunch of questions all at once, but there's also a like...
How horny are you kind of way?
What kind of family you got?
Maybe you're playing, maybe you're playing some kind of like family card trading game?
What kind of family you got?
I'm playing some swamp energy on my son, Jeremy.
I'm sorry, my Jeremy's tapped this route.
I tapped my Jeremy.
Go uncle.
I have a blue-eyes white Jeremy.
Okay, that's all well and good, but what kind of family you got?
What if the answer that that person's hoping for is like, bad, take me away.
Take me to Des Moines with you when you go.
Okay, let's look at this in the lens of a carnival professional.
Give me a second.
Okay.
All right, go on.
Why do they need, what information do they need for carnival activities that could be answered?
I mean, it's a grift setup.
Yeah, right.
There are very few carnival games that I feel like are like, oh, I've got a fair shot at winning this one.
Everybody without an uncle only has to knock over two milk bottles.
Like, it doesn't make any sense.
I guess it also doesn't make sense that like, am I, are you trying to figure out if it's a wealthy family?
Yeah.
Or a very gullible family who loves SpongeBob SquarePants?
What kind of family got stupid and rich enough to keep buying frogs to flip into those stupid late pads?
Let's do it.
Keep the frogs coming, my good man.
I have a grandpa who's very proud and confident he can roll the bowling ball up the rails to make it stop in the divot just right.
When that will not be the case.
Let me get him.
Let me get him right now.
Let me get him.
Hold on, let me round him up for you.
They all want to try to flip frogs in there.
They all want to win a goldfish.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Whoa.
How about this one from level 9000 Yadru Dru Dru Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's from Yadru answers user Rhonda.
Ah, fuck.
There's a banner ad for Destiny 2 at the top and it's just making me think about the fact that I'm here doing this instead of.
Have you ever thought about the fact that the logo at the end of the Destiny is the fidget spinner?
Oh, yeah.
All the time.
Anybody here by a show of hands had an actual moment where they're like, I know I got tickets to this thing, but.
Okay.
Thank you for your honesty.
I had the moment too.
Yeah.
Rhonda asks.
Help me prank my stepdad.
I love my stepdad.
He is so cool.
Probably not.
At the most, a stepdad can be like kind of cool.
Signed Rhonda's stepdad.
I mean.
I mean.
But he claims he is, quote, the king of pranks.
I take it back.
This is a very fucking cool stepdad.
He claims he's the king of pranks.
And so me and my mom want to play a prank on him.
We looked up a few things, but so far nothing seems good enough.
I thought of doing something to his truck.
Smiley face.
That's fucking.
That's a.
That's an escalation right there.
I thought about lining the undercarriage of his truck with C4.
Get it.
But we live on a farm and anything we can do outside might hurt our horses if they get in it.
And then this might get in the truck.
Let's go.
Come on.
Why today?
Horses.
Why did the horses have to drive our C4 laden truck?
Why did they have to try the trap truck today?
No.
No.
Hey, then I'm not proud of that.
Anything you can do outside might hurt our horses if they get in it.
And then there's the emoticon of like the colon slash.
So it's like my killer horses.
The only thing that makes I know you need to finish the question.
But the only thing that makes sense to me is that this question asker is envisioning one of those like big holes with vines.
Yeah.
Right.
Like that's a trap.
Yeah, they're making a stepdad trap outside the porch.
What?
What trap are you setting that you're worried about hurting horses but not your step?
Yeah, sure.
Stepdads are typically much more fragile than a horse.
That's not true.
Except on ABC's new comedy.
My stepdad's a horse.
Right on after and before Young Sheldon.
It's all we got.
It's all we got folks.
Young Sheldon and horse stepdads.
We got 30 minutes of Sheldon and then 23 hours and 30 minutes of horse torture.
Let me finish the question.
Any suggestions for awesome pranks I can do inside?
Me and my mom.
Thank you.
Big laughy face emoticon.
Laugh on.
Can I say my favorite part of this question?
There's so much to love about this question.
How do you pick a favorite?
My favorite part of this question is but nothing's good enough.
Nothing's good enough for my stepdad.
The moments where they look at him like, oh that's mmm, not for the king of pranks.
No.
The problem, I would never call myself the king of pranks because that's painting a huge...
You wouldn't?
What?
No, it's painting a huge target under your back.
Yeah.
If you say I'm the king of pranks, you're basically begging to get pranked.
That's how you end up in one of those YouTube videos where they like pretend to throw your
son off like a fucking ledge.
Hilarious.
And I'm at home like, what the fuck is wrong with...
I made you think our kid died.
What the fuck guys?
No!
Rain it in.
A pie in the face.
A bucket of water on the door.
Rain it in?
Horses.
You can't just say a horse.
That was nothing.
You had to say insert joke here.
Joke to be named later.
Travis, that was a bad bit because you put those in horse mouths.
Can you...
How do you like them apples?
No, no, no, no, no.
Oats snap.
That was way worse than mine.
Oats snap was better than how you like them apples because there's so many creatures that
enjoy an apple.
All right.
Can we get back to the main question?
What?
I'm not even doing them now.
I love your unbridled enthusiasm.
That's pretty good though.
That's pretty good.
I just got in the latest Gallup poll.
This sucks.
When Travis does this, by the way, that's what he does to his baby.
So he thinks all y'all's babies.
Okay.
I have an idea for a good prank that doesn't...
It's not going to hurt your horses.
Thank you.
Stepdad wakes up, throws off the sheets, what's wet in my bed?
It's a severed horse head like in Godfather.
Wait, but Griffin, you said...
But it's not one of your horses, so it's all...
Okay.
So everything's okay.
Everybody wins.
Everybody wins.
It wasn't...
He'll freak out and then he'll look at the face of the horse and be like, oh, it's not
one of my horses.
No harm, no foul.
Good one, Rhonda.
Good one, Rhonda.
You got me.
You got me good.
Okay, it's time for another question.
I was trying to...
There's just so few pranks that won't kill a horse.
Yeah.
One time on April Fools, I did the bucket of water on the doorframe thing, but we didn't
have a bucket.
And so I used a foot bath and I filled that motherfucker up.
And then dad walked into the bathroom and it fell on him.
And it was probably a good 25 pounds of water.
It didn't turn over, right?
It didn't turn over.
It just kind of...
Pretty good prank though.
We also...
Got you, dad.
One of our pranks was we shut off the main power switch to our whole house.
So it turned off all the alarm clocks in our house.
Got you.
You got fired.
How about a question?
I work in a small building that is part of a larger facility.
There are usually only six to eight people that work in that building.
Often, I'm the only one that uses the women's restroom.
Every day, the custodian comes and cleans the restrooms.
And every day, he replaces the partially used up roll of toilet paper on the holder in
the women's room with a different partially used up roll.
I don't know what happens in the men's room.
The answer, car stuff.
I've always got an engine block in there that I'm working on, tinkering.
Just car stuff.
I thought for a second you said car talk.
Car talk.
That's where they recorded it.
I know it's a different role because the pattern or texture of the paper is different each day.
We're going to circle back.
I don't think we've ever finished up a roll in the 10 years I've been in this building.
The custodian rarely speaks, so I can't ask what is going on.
Wait, wait, wait.
Time out.
Can you raise your hand real quick if you're here?
Wait.
Can you raise it?
Stand up then.
I can't quite see you.
Are you way in the back?
Wait, so are you over here?
Thank you.
Just a little bit of balcony.
Are you standing up?
Oh, so you're right there.
Okay.
Come on.
I'm giving you a look.
Are you waiting for him to broach the subject?
Let me explain my toilet weirdness.
You can turn the house lights out now.
Thank you.
This is overwhelming.
There's too many people.
Is there more to the question?
Custodian rarely speaks, so I can't ask what is going on.
Why is this happening?
That's from Perplexed Paper Partaker.
That's such a nice button to that question.
It has nothing to do with the rest of the question.
Why is it happening?
Well, sometimes life finds a way.
Sometimes when God closes a door, he introduces a bathroom mystery.
So here's the main thing I want to talk about.
The first issue that I have with this question, besides the fact that you definitely can't talk to people that don't talk a lot, right?
We're good on that.
That's actually the people you should talk to.
They have the best stories, like why they're introducing bathroom mysteries into your life on a daily basis.
The people that talk a lot give you everything.
The people who don't talk?
Justin is taking the mic out of his hand.
I just came up with this saying still waters run deep when you think about that.
No, here's the problem I have with it.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
I'm just feeling the stage.
Okay, so here's my issue.
Stop, stop, stop.
This is not a big bit.
I just wanted to stand up for it.
Okay, so you say the toilet paper has different patterns.
Act it out, act it out.
Every day.
Thank you, Travis.
It has different patterns every day.
That's not how toilet paper works.
I've never maintained a big facility, but I don't think toilet paper exchange begins with, ah, yes, let's see.
The 1978 Charmin.
They made quintuple ply that year.
I think also it comes in a big fucking pack.
There's like 30 of them.
You work in a building.
I don't understand.
This custodian is Robin Hood-ing it, stealing from the sit-go to give to the, your office.
Like the first day he showed up, they were like, well, that's everything.
And, well, there's supposed to be a page in the back here about how to order more toilet paper.
Well, you know what?
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
And he didn't.
He just didn't.
I think, okay, so first of all, you're the only person who uses this bathroom.
First of all, well done.
That's the dream.
Never quit.
You're the only human being who's used that bathroom in 10 years.
It's legally yours.
It's yours.
You could definitely live there.
Literal squatters rights.
If you're the only person that uses that bathroom, wouldn't it be kind of weird if a person came in every day?
And could look at how much toilet paper you had, you and you alone had used that day?
Hmm. Rough day.
Oh no.
Like that.
Okay.
But think about this for a second.
Really?
If they were switching it out when the role was exhausted, they would have fucking a decade's worth of data about how much you shit.
Fucking custodian Nate Silver just like, oh, went through one in four days. What's going on?
Yikes.
Back off on the brunes.
My fucking toilet life is such garbo that it took me a second to think about what would be a normal amount of time to go through a whole roll of toilet paper.
And when I say normal, I mean people normal.
Not Griffin or me.
How about another Yahoo?
Yeah.
Okay, but can I say actually, please ask him and email us.
Please just ask.
If it's the one about him not wanting to know how much you use the potty, I will just be eternally delighted.
What if he's so excited and he's just been building a conversation starter for 10 years like, they'll notice.
They have to notice now.
Certainly it's been 10 years they've noticed.
He's been building like a TP fort.
Oh, thank you for asking.
Come in.
Look at this stuff.
Isn't it neat?
Hold on.
No, that sucks.
It's my Pato Prato.
It sucks that I have personified this custodian as a toilet paper collector.
That's no good.
Actually, as a toilet mermaid is what you drive.
It's okay, Griffin, he'll never hear it because he doesn't talk much.
How about another Yahoo?
Yeah, this one was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Seth, you're here, right?
Yeah.
In that sort of zone, in that region.
Thank you, Seth.
You are killing it.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Blurry301 who asks, so in the emoji-
Wait, why did someone clap?
Are you Blurry301?
So, in the emoji movie, can other emojis have sex and have kids?
Got to do this one.
Y'all answer this.
Yeah, they sure can.
Because two meh emojis had a son and they probably fucked.
Real quick, I just Googled the emoji movie Dreamworks just to make sure we weren't burning
the Trolls 2 bridge.
It was just made by Steven's movies.
By that logic, Justin, every character in every animated movie was the result of sex.
No, please don't link them.
Fucking Lightning McQueen, you seem like, oh yeah, driving real fast.
Someone had to do it to make him, probably.
No, wait, no, no, no, no, no.
Did you see Lightning McQueen's parents?
I've never seen a car, but I assume no.
Really, it's really good.
Wait, does anybody know?
No, you don't see Lightning McQueen's parents.
Wait, Travis, I'm trying to IMDB this.
No, we heard a firm no.
Somebody was very confident.
No!
So that's what I'm saying.
If you don't see their parents, they could just be a creation of God from mud and ribs.
And then he breathed life into them.
Car God.
Lightning McQueen cannot have ribs.
What?
This car cannot have ribs and bones.
Griffin, hold on.
Have you ever built a car?
I have not.
So for all you know.
Why are these movies so chicken shit?
Show me the inside out emotions parents making love before I meet the characters.
And there'd be a little horny emotion and they'd be like, yeah.
We have talked a lot about horniness.
We're in the horny capital of America, baby.
The Washington Monument is basically a boner.
Finally, someone makes that observation.
So here's the thing.
You saw his parents and they were both men emojis.
And then he was a man emoji also, which also makes you think that the emojis can die.
Which seems weird too.
Because if they can fuck, they can die too.
So what I'm saying is that we all try hard enough.
We can kill the characters in the emoji movie apparently.
Because we know they're mortal because they fuck.
When Justin, when you do you think is emoji death when you use it?
What do you mean?
Like in the movie, is it like they're all afraid of getting tapped?
They're all afraid of.
Well, that's sex.
They're all afraid of being used.
Well, they probably covered this in the film.
Travis, I don't want to recount the plot of the emoji.
My question is when you were watching the emoji movie and there was Patrick Stewart and he was a little turd.
And everybody else in the theater was delighted.
Were you looking thinking that Patrick Stewart turd is going to die one day?
That Patrick Stewart turd was the result of sex and is also going to die one day.
His son's in the movie and he's voiced by Patrick Stewart, which is sad also.
Just because Patrick Stewart shouldn't be doing things like that.
He knows better twice.
He voices his own son?
No, I'm sorry.
I phrased that poorly.
That would be really cool, though.
You're right.
It would be a great movie.
It would have been the one fine artistic choice they had made.
Well, why would they need to give the, it's still the shit emoji.
Why does it need a better voice?
Like it should be the same voice.
Wait, that would indicate that they are reproducing.
Like if they don't have discrete genetic material.
All these characters are fucking Justin.
We've covered it.
There's a movie called Storks, which I watched some of because it was on and Henry was watching it.
And then I kind of watched it a little bit more.
He walked in and Henry was like, check it out, dads.
I finally figured it out.
It's birds or whatever.
In that one, they get letters.
They're like, I want a baby.
And they put it in a machine and then a baby comes out.
I am now recounting the plot of Storks.
My life is taking a strange turn.
And I saw that and I thought, bullshit.
There's some kids watching this and they're like, ha ha, you used to be a letter.
And it's like, nuh uh.
Their parents fucked.
You need to learn about this stuff someday.
It could be both.
This live show is taking a really fucking weird turn.
Okay, but in the plot of Boss Baby.
Be cool, everyone.
Be cool, everybody.
They divide babies into babies that would be good at business in heaven.
Sorry, it's in heaven.
They divide babies that would be good at business and babies that deserve families.
My applause, if you've seen this fucking movie, please cheer if I'm telling the truth.
Thank you.
This is some fucked up The Giver shit.
Yeah, babies that are good at business and babies that deserve families.
Which on a certain level, I get it.
Because to be fair, people who are good at business, they don't deserve families.
Do you ever see a baby doing business and also with a family
and you just think, how do they do it?
They have it all.
They have it all.
God, we just talked about the emoji movie for 10 minutes.
No.
Boop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop.
Whoa.
It's coming in hot.
Hold on, there's a hot one coming in.
It's coming in hot direct to me where I took a screenshot.
Hold on.
Boop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop.
Looking at Justin's pictures.
No, you're looking at this picture.
It's a haunted doll watch.
This has come in hot.
Go back.
What?
Sorry.
You just want to enjoy it one more time.
This is not good audio.
So we'll just be quick about this part.
This is the haunted doll we're talking about today.
It is Nativius.
Okay.
Nice non-haunted name to start out with.
Nativius?
Nativius.
So this is from a paranormal investigation group that photographs private homes.
Hopefully with consent.
Come on in.
Police.
Photograph all my stuff.
Stranger.
Just let me know if anything's weird or whatever.
So here's the Nativius story.
Spiritual possession.
Every Christmas I love going to church and hearing the Nativius story.
Of the spooky baby Jesus.
Woo!
So Nativius' original whereabouts are a mystery to Carla.
Now I've heard some pretty good opening lines to novels before.
That's a very good opener.
All she knows is that one day she came home from work and there in her fenced-in backyard was this doll.
Well that sucks.
Nice.
No, cool.
Free doll.
Free ghost.
Also I love that there could be no other explanation.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, somebody threw it over your fucking fence.
I borrowed that one.
Because it was haunted.
She was lying on the grass under the birdbath.
Carla was baffled as to how this doll even got into her locked eight-foot tall fence.
So suck an egg.
Nobody can throw a doll eight feet.
It was a bird.
Totes.
It was Aaron Rodgers.
Green Bay Packers Quarter.
I was the only one.
I gotta get rid of this fucking doll.
She checked with all her neighbors but no one knew anything about the doll.
Now fucking hold the phone.
You're telling me that somewhere on earth someone got to have the delight of,
Hello, my name is Carla.
Did you drop this doll?
I believe it has paranormal proximity.
She was really intrigued with this doll.
She wasn't a collector of such items, but if you're a collector of haunted items and you find another haunted item,
I do not trust you very much.
Who isn't a collector of them and sees a doll and goes, ghost doll?
Yeah, cool ghost doll.
I've never had experience with this before, but why wouldn't I assume?
She felt this strong pull of energy almost freezing her in place for a moment.
Carla immediately knew this was something bigger than she had ever experienced.
Justin, can I say my favorite word in that whole thing?
Ejaculation.
No.
Almost?
Almost.
Almost freezing her in place, but it didn't.
But it didn't.
But I could have sworn for a second, I almost could have been frozen.
Freezing was on the table.
It was an option I could have taken.
Carla called her friends at night and told them what she found.
Most of her friends laughed off the whole spooky doll thing.
But Carla's one friend Mia said, I'll be over tomorrow and we'll try to speak with her.
This is the fucking mumble core of haunted doll stories.
I do like, and maybe this is just miswording, but Carla's one friend Mia.
Yeah, Carla's one friend Mia.
One real friend.
One real friend.
If you can't like Carla at her worst, you don't deserve her when she calls you to say,
hey, Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers threw a doll over my eight foot fence,
will you come check this shit out with me?
I love this running theme of, can you imagine if you're one of her other friends who gets
the call like, hey, this is going to seem random, but I've got a haunted doll.
What?
I only hear from you when you have haunted dolls.
You never ask about Jeffrey.
So Carla heard a loud noise.
She found nothing out of place.
That's not a story.
That's a bad story, yes.
That's not a story really.
I thought something happened, but it didn't anyway.
I swear to God, the next evening Carla's friend Mia came over.
This is the only haunted doll story I've ever read that had fucking time lapses.
So anyway, nothing happened for a little bit.
That has a B plot.
And also Mia was going through some shit.
And then Mia's boyfriend was like, the baby's not mine.
Carla had already told her what happened last night.
Mia was ready to question this doll.
She had to really psych herself up.
They set up an old, small VHS video recorder for reasons that are just beyond me.
Because it's 1988.
They turned the lights off and lit a bunch of candles.
They sat at the kitchen table with the doll in the middle of the table.
They began to ask all sorts of questions, but nothing was happening.
I wish there was a period there and that was the end of the listing.
So anyway, give me $40 for this.
All of a sudden, Mia jumped out of her chair and yelled, ouch.
Mia pulled her shirt away from her shoulder.
And there on her shoulder blade was three fresh scratch markings that made the skin red and raised.
All right, listen.
We were all making a lot of jokes, but then this shit got real.
Did she die?
What if the next sentence was, and then my friend, my only friend Mia did die.
Well, to be fair, this is all written in second person.
And then Carla's friend Mia died.
Hang in there. It's about to take a quick turn.
We heard, okay, we started to watch the video the women had made.
So this is like switched person now.
What the fuck is fourth person?
It was two hours and 52 minutes long.
Okay.
Hold on.
It was directed by Peter Jackson.
Yeah.
You're watching this video with your friends.
At what point in the two hours and 52 minutes where you're like, we should do something else.
Can we please do anything else?
Whose idea was this?
Whose idea was this?
So at some point in the video, a little over an hour, whoosh.
You made it that far.
Oofa doofa.
We heard a woman's voice.
It was raspy with a touch of Southern accent in it.
Nice.
Well, hey, y'all.
Like the lady who used to narrate Great Chefs of the East.
What?
Did she say that?
What?
No, that was me editorializing.
When they asked her name to these voices or whatever, the word Navidius was spoken and
the woman started using her name, Navidius, to ask questions and then they received more
responses.
We heard the year 1892 spoken when they asked what year she was born.
She would never give a year to the death, but she did use the word noose when asked
how she died.
Damn.
Can I just say, how do you say the name was Navidius and like late 1800s is where you
think Navidius came from.
Navidius is absolutely, this is the end of the listing.
There's a lot more.
I'm giving you the abridged.
Fuck.
Navidius is absolutely not a doll for the beginner.
Although we do not feel as though Navidius is harmful, we do feel that she has negative
energy about her and this should be taken into serious consideration before bidding
on her doll stand not included.
So that's your haunted doll watch.
How can you say?
I got a Samsung 55 inch.
I'm trying to upgrade, get the 4k television.
Also, it scratched my friend real bad on the shoulder.
No negative energy though.
It scratched the fuck out of my friend, but do get this TV.
It's fucked up one way or the other because you're either saying it scratched my friend,
but we haven't got any proof or we haven't got any proof, but I think she's terrible.
Like she hasn't done anything.
It's cool.
It's fine.
Hi folks, Travis here.
I sure hope you're enjoying this live show episode.
We had so much fun recording it.
You may find yourself wondering why are we putting up the DC episode when we recorded
the New York show first?
We're saving that just for a little bit.
It will go up.
We didn't lose it.
There were no problems with the audio or anything like that.
But you're going to get the DC show first.
And if you came out to the shows or even if you weren't able to make it, just want to
say Brooklyn, DC and Boston were all so amazing.
Thank you all so much for having us and coming out and supporting the show.
Looking forward to all our future tours.
But I do want to take a second here to tell you about some of our sponsors this week.
First, we're sponsored by my brother, my brother and me, favorite and friend, NatureBox.
I took NatureBox with me both on my vacation and on my tour.
I enjoyed those snacks wherever I went because right now NatureBox has over a hundred snacks
that taste good and are actually better for you.
And they're not lying.
These snacks are delicious.
No matter what kind of snack you like, if you like salty, they got salty.
If you like sweet, they got sweet.
And in fact, you can actually get additional things too for just a little bit of an extra
charge.
I got some beef jerky, some meat protein bars that were really good.
I just had these mini crispy snickerdoodles that were amazing.
And of course, my favorite, the Asiago cheese crisps.
So if you haven't checked out NatureBox, why are you waiting?
We go to naturebox.com slash my brother because right now NatureBox is offering my brother,
my brother and me fans 50% off your first order.
So go to naturebox.com slash my brother for 50% off your first order.
Go check it out, naturebox.com slash my brother.
We're also sponsored this week by Blue Apron, another personal favorite and show favorite
of ours.
I use Blue Apron all the time.
We get the shipments.
It makes cooking not only easy and fun, but also you get to experience new and interesting
dishes that maybe you'd never think to make for yourself.
Coming up are summer glazed vegetable and egg paninis with Calabrian chili mayonnaise
and Caprese salad, soy glazed pork and rice cakes with bok choy and marinated green beans.
This stuff is incredible.
And for less than $10 per person per meal, Blue Apron delivers seasonal recipes along
with pre-proportioned ingredients to make delicious home cooked meals.
So you don't even have to go out and buy anything.
It all comes to you in the box.
Blue Apron knows you're busy, so they're offering 30 minute meals and these meals are made
with the same flavor and farm fresh ingredients you know and love and are ready in 30 minutes
or less.
So check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
One more, we're just hitting all the big names here because we're also going to tell you
about MeUndies.
MeUndies is close to my heart and close to my butt.
I love them so very much.
They're dedicated to being the most comfortable pair of underwear you will own made from a
sustainably sourced and naturally soft fabric that is three times softer than cotton.
Ultimate feel good undies for when you want to feel naked but not actually be naked.
I know that that's a complicated emotion that we've all experienced and when you want that
MeUndies is the way to go and they have 100% satisfaction guarantee.
They guarantee you will love your undies or your money back.
To get 20% off free shipping and their 100% satisfaction guarantee and get the underwear
that is dedicated to being the best and softest you will ever own, go to MeUndies.com slash
my brother.
That's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
It's a limited time offer so what are you waiting for?
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother right now.
I got a special personal message here in the Jumbotron section.
This message is for Darla and Stefan and it's from Dory Jo.
Dear Darla and Stefan, happy anniversary.
I couldn't think of a better way to appreciate you both than to have it said by our favorite
three wise men.
Well, hopefully I'm the favorite because it's just me.
Thank you for introducing me to this fountain of truth, also known as MBMB.
Fountain of truth?
That's really good.
Very clever.
Congratulations on four years of successfully married life.
Here's to many more.
I love you.
Your favorite sister, Dory Jo.
That's so sweet.
Hey, congratulations to you Dory Jo on being a great sister.
I also have another message here.
This is for Evan and it's from your middle sister Emma and your sweet baby brother Will.
Happy birthday, Ev.
We love you so much.
We wanted the Mackle boys, well, once again, just me, to acknowledge your birthday.
After all, it's your fault.
We love them so much.
Here's to 26 more years of being the world's best sister and the oldest member of the world's
second best threesome of siblings.
So thank you everybody.
We're going to get back into the show now.
I hope you're enjoying it and I hope you continue to.
Hi there.
I'm comedian and movie buff Ricky Carmona and I'm excited to tell you about a new show
I'm doing called Who Shot Ya?
Join me, LA Weekly film critic April Wolf.
I'm going to call Star Wars when it comes out the Clint Howard project.
Film reviews editor for The Wrap, Alonzo Duraly.
Everything Charlize Theron knows about killing somebody with a high heeled shoe she learned
from single white female.
And our dope ass friends each week.
I think we need to end this pernicious belief in our society that there is anything remotely
f***able about rich dudes who are emotionally unbearable.
So if you're tired of wack opinions and you're looking for a smart, funny film discussion
show, check out Who Shot Ya, son.
That's what we do.
And you can find us at MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
What do you want to do?
Yeah, it's audience questions.
Let's do some audience questions.
Let's do some audience questions.
Let's do a lot.
All right.
We'll call.
House lights.
We will call on some folks if we can get some house lights so we can see any of them.
I see like four hands, but.
All right.
Let's start on the right side.
I see somebody holding a hat up.
Person who's holding a hat up because of your creative flagging technique.
Can we get a little bit more house?
A little bit less us.
It's extremely us.
Yeah.
Intimate.
There's wow.
There's just not a good way for you to do this.
Is there?
I've got I've got fingerprints.
I was.
I was.
Yeah.
You walking around.
Keep coming around.
You're doing great.
I've got baby fingerprints.
You want to do it?
Let's do.
All right.
We'll do you first and then we'll do you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
My name is Marco.
Hi, Marco.
You can angle the mic down if you want.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hi, Marco.
How's it being us?
So I work at a local ACE Hardware.
Cool.
And it's great.
It's locally owned.
So I get to meet a lot of people.
You know, it's great.
That's great.
Do you have a section?
Is there like a certain area.
Yeah, I mix paint.
Nice.
That's sounds so fun.
Yeah, it is.
It is a lot of fun, but.
Do people ever just say like, surprise me?
I feel like when they're surprised, it's probably bad for them.
Can I ask you a question that you'll probably have like a dope answer for?
sure what's your favorite color because I bet it's and my expectations are sky
high right now standard liver mark you know reds that are like like the most
red but not like pink but like red yeah sure what's that what's the hell is it
for our listeners at home hey what's the hex code like what are we working with here
okay so I need a Hennessy and ginger ale please thank you so what's your
question so I love my job but around closing time we get a lot of dads who
need welcome mats like I'm sorry general sorry sorry a person in the other hand
we are not getting to you this evening this will be 30 minutes explain
everything hold on I got it comfortable Paul's not back with my drink yet we
need to stall by which I mean we get a lot of people who come in like 40 like
15 minutes before we close but is it dad's wanting welcome mats though yeah
that happened yesterday I people come over it's him how are they gonna know
they're welcome you're laughing but that's literally what he came in for
cuz getting party fuck me I guess now I'm the asshole all right I got a
buffalo dip it's all for me Jeff fuck you okay but you asking how to kick
people out of an ace hardware kind of what we do right now is we'll turn all
the music off and we'll start turning off lights uh-huh but I was wondering is
there any songs that you had any ideas of that would help to push people out
yeah yeah only if only there was a song about a time of closing is there a song
called we're sold out of lumber I was thinking oh are you gonna answer I have
thought about this a lot I was thinking like what's the song roll them out put
them out sure rawhide yeah rawhide rawhide double the
volume of it every 30 seconds and slow it down until it is like weaponized can I
tell you can I tell you a story of my own when I used to work at blockbuster
video yeah it's a weird show we do that that gets a round of a piano is it
somewhere a blockbuster was like huh what are we back PJ blockbuster of the
blockbuster estate but anyway I used to work at blockbuster and they would be
open till midnight on holiday could cuz for some reason New Year's Eve was the
second biggest movie rental night after that's a bummer guess it gets worse
Thanksgiving Thanksgiving correct Travis and whoever else said it's for kids
it's for kids to keep the kids that seems go smoke cigars with your family
wrapped in plastic um so anyway so anyway I was working there and they would be
open till fucking midnight on New Year's Eve and one time I watched the ball
drop on this staticky TV while a woman crews the Woody Allen movies and she was
like unaware of the fact that it was midnight at the end of this year and a
new one was kicking off and this is how she was ringing it in and I had a moment
where I thought which one of us sucks more I was judging her and I was wearing
like khakis at midnight and a tucked-in blue button-down like fuck me for real
all right are there worse pants than khakis to ring in the new year's yeah
setting a bad precedent for your year yeah right very I think very loud rawhide
is gonna get the job done all right thank you thank you thank you let's go
left side oh no no I'm sorry I'm sorry yes yes you've been waiting very
patiently yeah hey what's up what's your name Ian Ian hi hey so I have this
friend and she's a really good friend of mine okay brag yeah so far so good and
and she has this really big crush on this guy that we work with because we
all work together I don't want any names but we'll just call him Kyle Kyle so she
has this really big crush on Kyle now Kyle doesn't think that dating at work
is okay and I don't I date somebody that I work with and I wasn't sure who's
right here is it okay to date people you work with or is that a no-go this is a
real one yeah sorry if this is a bummer I did a real one a real one yeah you
should I answer this question is okay to date people who want to date you yeah
pretty much just end of yeah I it's like it's like it this is never made
unless it's against company policy that shit will conform around you it's all
malleable it's just like well well if you do want a job though I can't imagine
a human you gotta you gotta listen to me okay some listen I mean really listen
money is exchanged for goods and services start there okay so and you
need that sometimes they say don't and you may really love the person but you
also love the new sketchers uh-huh and you want to buy them with the money you
got for labor okay so like you can't do you understand I'm following so far no
that's the end oh but here's the thing can you imagine a human person boss that
you went like I'm in love with this person and they said yeah oh no I've
been working for myself for too long it's 2017 I can imagine a lot of things
trap yeah I'm sorry maybe they're right oh you're right no I think you're I it
doesn't make sense cuz you spend like the most time with these people of course
you're gonna what's more human than that you could okay wait let me hear you with
this we hear you with this no we're not dating but we're very much in love oh
dating is a label love is unbreakable think about that that didn't make any
sense but I'm gonna put it on a coffee mug and sell it did that help Justin
Justin's been looking for his love his love his love for like a month he's been
shopping a lot thank you Ian hi oh my god you're gonna play you're gonna play
Plinko hi what's your name Drew Carey turning into Bob Barker let's not he got
bit and it's a whole lycanthrope situation hi what's your name Anna hi
Anna probably know weed is legal in DC now what I swear to God I didn't know
that we walked down a line of 1,000 of you motherfuckers and my pockets are
empty by the way what the fuck we've been we've been trying to find a good
way to do meet-and-greets and that was not exactly it cuz I've never had a
panic attack quite like running through two lines of people six inches apart
like it did form around us we were swallowed a hole by the DC rules and so
I'm trying to get a cannabis card because I'm very above board and also
don't know to where to find it okay so is it like is it recreational or medical
medical okay are you human oh wait wait it's you said it's not recreational
it's medical yeah Oh Griffin are you okay gosh just a second so sometimes I get
nervous yeah okay so what's you need that car I don't have a grown-up
physician yet as I see it my options are twofold
you only get my wife out here hold on it's about to get very good come on a
week for this person please she's not coming right now I don't know that but I
do know that please explain the options cuz I know what the options are and I'm
thrilled to death I can either try to meet a new physician day one give me the
other option hold on hold on hold on I know what the next one is tell me please
or I can go to my pediatrician loving it I believe you mean the weedy attrition
your weed attrition looks like we made it thank you so much for all you bring
that one to me by the way yeah here's the thing I got really spoiled living in
LA because literally every other building had a green like medical cross
on it and that green medical cross basically means yes sure because you
would walk in and you would literally go well sometimes I have trouble falling
asleep and they're like yeah yeah we don't get your $25 unless we hand you
the paper yeah fuck it what do you feel free to give me a fake name here but I
need them for the purpose of this bit I must know your pediatrician's name
doctor assume it's fake
let's say dr. toboggan dr. to bargain but see he sounds like he would fucking
like measure you like oh you're going nice and big and strong and then he would
give you a safety pop and then hook you up with the green stuff he said he
sounds like he would sell you weed oh you seem so big and strong like these
plants I've grown are you cool you're not a narc are you you have to tell me
you're not a cop hey sit down on the race car you're not a cop are you doc
let me check here let me let me just put this stethoscope in there and just
check for a wire dr. toboggan the weedy attrition is so clean yeah and rad and
powerful like I'm inspired by the idea of this thing that we have all created
here that's a Netflix show I'm Netflix show dr. toboggan the weedy attrition I
need to make some edits to my SNL audition real right so anyway hey I'm
down to toboggan the weedy attrition that's my Jack Nick okay it's also Jack
Nicholas what Jack Nicholas called for a golden bear for sure for sure yeah well
how do we get there um please do this do it for me yeah can I do a pediatricians
doctor I guess right then so they can do it do you think they do you think they
might tell somebody who you maybe don't want to know that your parents or just
whoever but your parents can't give you shit you needed it the doctor said it's
hey dr. toboggan said you know he's a family friend I didn't wanna I didn't
want to get big I didn't want to watch Adventure Time for six hours I want to
yeah I also don't like Teen Titans go I don't know what you want me to do I do
love Teen Titans go yeah when I first went to college my mom was the one who
recommended that I start smoking weed fuck yeah your mom mrs. toboggan that
helped wait yeah yeah yeah wait I want to pick I want to pick one right there
pink it looks like your hair is pink please stand up I can't tell all right
come on down hi what's your name my name is Renee hi Renee hi Renee so my
partner and I are in a long-distance relationship we've been together for six
months okay how long six months what no no how long distance yeah where do they
live oh they live in Canada okay sure don't do the thing okay stop do you get
that every time yeah okay yeah he loves it okay so my question is do you guys
have any tips on how we might do a long-distance meet the parents he would
be meeting my mom this is the most nice they're not you're not meeting each
other okay okay do you have you charted the exact geographic midpoint between
the two if you make a hole with a gun perpendicular through the name of your
town and the desktop globe where's the exit wound is it about okay make the
calculation to find the exact meeting point because that's one option is you
just drive to like the nearest rest stop yeah otherwise this is the like most
high-stakes teleconference and it'll fail like oh yeah yeah have you met sky
it's definitely yeah I'm sorry hold on so you are meeting their parent he would
be meeting my mom okay great he has to come to your mom yeah yeah there is not
a world in which you say to mom you have to come halfway she doesn't know I think
we're talking about we're talking about a teleconference situation conference
situation your partner is not gonna be like I'm gonna put on this funny filter
that's really gonna win your mom's over tuxedo t-shirt yeah this one makes it
look like I have a big bird on my head because I'm listen I'm serious about
this Pamela do you hear me hear me I love this person that's tough that's a
tough putt why did you decide to do it like right now instead of like at a time
where you all were like together yeah good point it's true true oh I thought
you were saying Jesus like wow that's a deep question but no Jesus yeah Jesus
knows God knows yeah um you guys want to get real deep in religion like well you
know after 373 episodes it's important you know we've been deeply religious the
whole time yeah I would just wait to do it until anticipation is at a maximum
for both what sorry you want to interrupt my thing no go on I stopped
myself no no no you already fucking you already did it oh no but now if you'll
do my job still good hire someone shitty okay boy you better have them talk to
the parent first mm-hmm and your parents like oh they're terrible this is an
expectation actually so low yeah this is actually then partner steps in is like
I'm actually first and then the mom is being really shitty to the partner and
then you're like gotcha and you bring in the real mom and then they meet each
other like each other a lot neither one of them are the real one they've both
been double punked on my new show double punks hi I'm Ashton Kutcher I'm Ashton
Kutcher to the sequel for double punks I actually like the bad one does that
help great great thank you thank you so much let's get a middle let's get a
middle friend blonde hair yeah yes there's no mic here though great great
pig that's our first double punked experience hello hi what's your name
Leslie I listen hi is this okay yeah talking to the microphone okay you
crushed it I just yeah okay anyway so I work in a coffee shop and the majority
of my customers that come in are very nice I see them every day but one
percent of the time they're kind of dicks like they'll fucking sass at me if
it's like they give me change while I'm already making them change and then
question my intelligence which yeah no no no it's not nice so what is the best
way to confront somebody who's being a dick to you without just like cussing
them out like what's the best way to like confront somebody and make them not
realize that you're actually like fuck you to them have you real quick have you
heard our show before or hurt us or experience us as people maybe you all
would be really good at that here's my sick one you're ready for this first off
one percent of people fucking congratulations that's congratulations
on your miraculous slice of humanity you've carved off for yourself here's
my one you ready cuz this gets fucking nasty or they strap in okay when
somebody's a dick to you here's what I do really fucking I am nicer to them to
try to make up for whatever imagine slight that I've done to make them not
like me oh and then if that doesn't do anything that's okay all right hold on I
want to throw mine to you because if those don't work what I like to do is
remember that soon they'll be gone and I can forget
so no we're not talking about dead no I mean from the for once we are not
talking about death we're talking about them leaving the cafe leave do people
die when they leave your story you like a goldfish they're out of your cone of
vision they've died I didn't mean that once they leave my store they leave for
life that's right don't say anything but they do have a big list with pictures
behind you of people who are banned from store so when they come back assuming
nothing's wrong you can just point like look up there Tim I just wanted a
croissant just just based on this situation that they are coming to you
and standing in the same place to deliver this bullshit every time this is
a perfect trapdoor installation situation so rarely is somebody griefing
you where you know where they're gonna be when they're doing bad egg bye yeah
bye Veruca you're gone and we help yeah yeah yeah come on down I promise we
didn't pick you just cuz you bought merch that is a bad precedent hi what's
your name hey will I will say well it is a shrimp heaven now sure which I said
and you look you look for the guy there's a lot of people here wearing
shrimp heaven now shirts in your defense what's your question okay so I do improv
comedy excellent you can sit back down wait we're just gonna kick up here and
you take it away no this bit so when I whenever I like introducing myself and I
mentioned I do improv comedy everyone's first reaction is why don't you do
something right now yeah they say they say they just say like okay they'd like
like they just want some fucking whose line like right now they take it as a
challenge why what that doesn't happen if you say you're a surgeon yeah get my
liver out all right oh he's not gonna do it yeah
what's your what's your question is what do I just say no yeah
fuck off fuck off it's no you said gave me a situation imagine I'm a guy who's
telling you to fuck off come on we're not we're not Andrew Dice Clay up here
we're trying to be nice fellas I think you should get a tight five together
just have an improv listen you change the names and stuff or you could do like
are you do this thing I came up with this thing where it's like like you're
trying to think but you know okay so I'm dr. toboggan the
pediatrician just like I think here's here's the answer you do it but they
have to play with you that's it you need a partner yeah I need a partner sure I
need a partner fucking dead either say sure I need a partner now okay but well
if they say yes hang on for the writing 90 96% of the time they're gonna say no
oh well no I don't feel comfortable doing that 4% will fucking get you
ever and I'm Wayne Brady here's the thing I straight up if anyone ever does
this to you just point at wherever you're standing cuz that guarantee it's
not a stage yeah and you're fine like what circumstances this coming up at the
coffee shop at a bar at a quinceaera like where are you that they're like the
only three places you go where are you that are like do it now and it's
appropriate okay but aren't you failing in it why did you take up the mantle of
improv comedian here I assume it was to entertain and that doesn't just have to
happen on a large scale oh what if you just started miming oh that's good yeah
I like that oh my thing I will start my thing you're not gonna like my thing but
once I start I cannot stop does that help yes thank you well all right one
more one more one more somebody's now pointing to their poster I told you it
doesn't work like that how about on the aisle with two hands in the air with
that yeah yeah jumping up it yeah you got it make your way to the eye again I
don't want your furthest furthest from the mic oh no no no what sorry sorry
sorry no okay you're going to the bathroom oh my god no I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry fuck I've never felt worse you're my brother my brother and me I
fucked up again it's me Justin Jesus I'm so so I've never felt worse than I
do so Bob fuck that's so they keep going just keep running don't come back you
have to move you have to pack your bags and move away I'm so sorry we don't do
that that's my deepest fear and I just realized
it on a person hi hi what's your name my name is Casey are you fucking sure you
want to listen to us about anything Casey we did such a bad job our creds in
the duty but alright Casey go ahead okay so I got grifted last year I'm sorry
to hear it three jungle bugs called me out for going to the bathroom sorry
Casey what happened what happened last year I was moving so I was getting rid
of like all the garbage that I had like collected over the years and like my dad
like worked at like worked at like grocery stores his entire life and so
he would come home and just like throw display shit at me and be like this is a
present and I'm like okay so he gave me like a Lego Keebler elf at one point and
the only place that it fit was like at the top of my like big dresser and it
stared at me as I slept as a child and I hated it for the all my life so I am I
want you to know yeah this is a fucking good story Casey way better than the
haunted doll that Justin brought to the table it was it was definitely haunted
um so I decided to get rid of it last year and I put it on Craigslist for like
five bucks and nobody like responded to it for days and make sense yeah yeah
realize you didn't want it for many years and you're like you know someone
else might want it well you see about like a week past and I started getting
like text messages non-stop where's this Keebler elf where's this Keebler elf
where's this Keebler elf and I'm like I can like I already I already moved at
this point it was at my mom's house doesn't my mom my mom can bring it to
you I guess he's like okay and so they agreed on the place and gave my mom five
bucks and went on their separate ways but after this I googled like I wonder
why everybody's like so excited about this Keebler elf it was worth three hundred
dollars hold on to who yeah let me Casey I can put your first dress let me
afford to please say no it wasn't you what website did you go to you lost you
lost 295 bucks and that's tough that's a that's a that's a Nintendo switch that's
a bad beat it's a PlayStation 5 triple-a video game but you also missed the
opportunity of meeting the most specific pervert who's ever lived and that is the
real crime because here's the thing that value sounds like gained in a week
because you put it up everyone's like no and then some news broke and then
suddenly $300 what happened if you have a weird fucking thing and you never seen
one before ever have you ever seen another one no next time and this is
gonna help you should Google it first do the Google is not hard and it is free
you could go anything you want nobody always wanted to meet my this is my new
in my new PBS show weird fucking shit Roadshow yeah I've always wanted to meet
the person on antiques Roadshow was like whoa this boats worth a billion dollars
what I sold it a week ago for five yeah shit here's a picture of a boat I used
to have is it worth $300 for you to know that you will never have to interact
with this fucking Lego elf again though right right it's worth nothing to you
you got five dollars that's like five thousand percent I don't know how that
works here at a fiber but it was nothing that's actually infinite yeah yeah
infinite gain congratulations Casey you gave you've done it so no matter how
much more it sells after that yeah you're good game did we help thank you
Casey thank you Casey let's wrap up yes I'm gonna die from pee inside me okay
this is the second night in a row last night Griffin actually had to walk off
stage tonight though yeah don't tell the story that's taking a precious pee
seconds from my life thanks to John Roderick the long words are speaking
through a theme song it's a departure off the old album putting the days to
bed there thank you to the listener theater for having us this place is
really beautiful there are probably some posters out there yes maximum fun
org for hosting us thank you saw bones for opening
um thank you thank you close to all of our families yeah coming in and
supporting we're probably not gonna be we're probably not gonna be hanging out
because we have a pretty early flight tomorrow flying up to Boston and it was
so cool to see you all we saw a lot of you out before the show and that was
really high fives thank you to the person that gave me three sour patch kids
that was very cool of you thank you thank you to Paul thank you to Paul Sam
of AG but for rear me and drink at Griffin I want to hear that yeah thank
you everybody Griffin so yeah the final is from the delivery man said the
Carlson thank you Seth from Yahoo answers user Kyle in all caps who says
who screams probably as a vegan can you believe it's September already my name
is Justin McElroy I'm Travis I'm Griffin McElroy it's been my brother my brother
me kids your dad's square on the lips
I'm Allegra Ringo and I'm Renee Colbert and we host a podcast called can I pet
your dog Renee can I tell you about a dog I met this yeah I wish that you
would in turn though can I tell you about a dog hero may I tell you about a
dog breed in a segment I like to call mutt minute I would love that we maybe
talk about some dog tech could we have some cool guests on like Lin-Manuel
Miranda Nicole Byer and Anne Wheaton I mean yeah absolutely I'm in you're on
board what do you say we we do all of this and put it into a podcast okay you
think should we call it like I don't know can I bet your dog sure all right
what do you what do you say we put it on every Tuesday on Maximum Fun or on
iTunes sounds good to me meetings over
