The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother Travis McElroy.
I'm that sweet baby and 30 under 30 media boy Griffin McElroy.
I've got it. The next branch of the expansion of the McElroy brothers franchise, we of course are
going to appear in the Trolls 2 film coming out in April 2020. We've got that already sort of locked
down. That's in the back. It's practically in the can. We didn't mention this, we've got an
episode of that show up if you want to listen to that about how we're going to be in Trolls 2.
But that that is then and happening. That's already in the books. The important thing is
that you don't rest on your laurels. It's the future past part of that ball.
It will have already been done. We're basically in Trolls 3 at this fucking point.
Yeah, well with the continuity and the story and shit, you know?
Yeah. We do, for what I'm talking about, we do need to
sort of watch on the profanity for a little bit. Because my thing is, a couple weeks ago,
Nickelodeon announced that he's coming back. Who? Blue. Or she? Blues or she? Blue's coming back,
folks. And that's the important thing that we want to talk about here.
Blue of Blue's Clues?
Blue of Blue's Clues is coming back and they're looking for new Steve.
Yes. So you see sort of where I am talking about now. They're looking for new Steve. Now,
I know what you're saying. Joe is already new Steve. Well, that's fine. But Joe is Steve 2.
Now they're looking for Steve 3, the third Steve.
Joe's out? Joe's been out since O7 when the show was canceled.
Yeah. They solved the case. Blue got all the clues. They solved the murder.
They finally caught the murderer that murdered Blue's family. And now they're back for a new
run at Blue's Clues. And who's the new Steve gonna be? And I submit it is us, the McElroy brothers.
Now, when you say you submit, did you actually take any steps?
Of the secret, like, vision board? You submitted it to God and the universe and stuff?
I feel like I'm using all my sort of, like, God and vision quest praying that energy I'm
using on Trolls 2 currently. I want Nickelodeon to do this one because it's gonna make them a
lot of fucking dosh. Okay, Justin, what did we just say? What did we just say?
Yeah, again. Double damn it.
We'll just have to replace him with, like, meh.
Yeah, like the male. Every time we cuss in this episode, I'll edit in the male song.
Probably you won't, I would think.
No, because then the show would end up being four hours long.
It's a long ass song. It's a long butt. See, there it is. It's a very long,
here's the male, it never fails, it makes me wanna work with him.
It might be a little soon to start this, but let's start the negotiation with Nickelodeon.
We will cut it back to one f-word per episode. We will restrain ourselves to one f per episode.
And sometimes we'll hide it. We'll do it real quiet and fast and so the kiddos may not even
be like, here's the male, it never fails, fuck, it makes me want, and they may not even get that
it was there at all. Now, one problem that I found with Steve Quest, there are three boys on this
show. Yeah, on this one there's three. Oh, you know, I never think of us as separate people.
I know, but there's three boys and only, Steve is only the one boy.
So, we're gonna have to solve that first. Do you think like an Olsen twins thing?
No, let's see who's gonna be the best Steve. I'll be Blue first and Travis you be Steve
and Griffin you be a Clue, okay? Whenever you're ready.
What's that, Blue? I'm a skull on the ground.
What's that, Blue? A vicious murder?
What do you smell, Blue? Semen? Oh, no.
Someone got semen on the dang skull. Someone got semen on the fucking skull.
That's my one. There's your one.
Okay, very good. All right, now I'm Steve. I was about to have a big dramatic monologue
about how my parents were killed and this is bringing back too many memories.
But then I was gonna CSI that stuff and like, you interrupted me too soon.
I had a monologue memorized. Oh, great. Well, go ahead and perform that now.
I'll give you complete silence. Thank you.
Oh, no. I don't want this.
The semen, it reminds me of that terrible day in the alley when that person tried to mug my parents
and kill them and on that day I became Steve. I became the thing that scared me so I could scare
villains. Steve. I'm a Batman. You look in the mirror and you're like,
what scares me? Well, Steve. Steve.
Steve scares me. A Steve flew into the room.
I found the Steve trapped inside that old grandfather clock.
I fell into the old Steve Guttenberg cave behind our house. There were Steve's everywhere.
Chocoblock with Goots. Steve's. And on that day, that's when I became Steve.
Steve. Okay, that's very good. Griffin,
do you want to try being the Steve and I'll be a clue and Travis, you be Blue?
Yes, I'm gonna be the reboot Blue though. This feels okay, but you saying that makes
me think that this is gonna be sort of a Travis-led skit.
What? How dare you, sir?
No, I feel like this is- Three classes at UCB.
Yeah. I'm ready to yes and you,
I'm gonna build you up. This really feels like it's gonna be
a Travis skit featuring Griffin. Okay, to be fair,
my Blue is going to speak English, but I will. Yeah, again, that's-
I will do basic Blue. I will be a basic Blue.
Let me try. All right. Hey, you kids want to learn some maths?
Today, we're gonna be talking about- Hey, stop it. Get out of here.
I'm talking and teaching the kids about multiplication. Dog?
Dog, I will not with you again. Not today. It's math day.
It's math day, dog. Get, get, get. I love you. I love you, but get.
It's math day, not dog day. That's mine. I'm done.
Okay. That's very good.
Yeah, it's like he's very focused, mine is, and he doesn't have time to-
Oh, wait, hold on. Fuck. Okay, great. Thank you.
Justin, you want to play? Yeah.
All right. Who wants to be- I'll be dog.
All right. We'll try to share a clue. Yeah.
Oh, my God. What's- Blue, what's wrong? Blue, what-
The Lego. I'm the Lego.
Steve, say something funny. All right. I'm going to draw a picture of
a Lego in my notebook. No, a hospital.
Please free me from this shit prison. Guys, I'm drawing. Give me just a second.
Fuck. Oh, wait. I used yours. Sorry.
But it doesn't have his. All right. So that's fine.
Yeah, jeez, I think this one's a real surefire dinger.
Who do you think should be the ste- We'll have to vote. We'll put a poll up.
Yeah, yeah. We can't decide this. We got to leave it up to the listeners.
So if you look around on the internet, you'll find a poll about which of us should be Steve.
And then make sure to send the results of that poll to Nickelodeon.
Yes. All right.
I also have another branch for us, but we can talk about it later.
I think I've got an inroad at the Lifeway Christian bookstore.
Oh, nice. Yeah, we can rap about that later. We'll do it off the air.
Perfect. This is an advice show where we try to help people.
I'm recovering from a cold, so if you hear me, drop off at any point.
The coughs are rough today. They're rough and ragged.
And I'm just hanging in there, folks. I'm just trying to stay alive.
Are we listening to our ailment? I've got two torn ACLs.
I feel great.
Okay. Podcasting's too hard. Blew them right the fuck out.
I don't feel bad. What about your scholarship?
Yeah, I'm worried about the scholarship, Trav. I don't think Purdue's going to have me.
What about your Steve audition?
Yeah, I don't think Purdue's going to have me on that one either.
So as a result of my wife's employer's strange bonus slash giveaway strategy,
I'm in possession of $35 gift cards to a grocery store chain.
And I don't know how to spend them. If I spend them all at once,
I'll surely earn the score under the cashier and impatient customers waiting behind me in the checkout lane.
If the checkout process is already stressful enough,
any advice on how to use these gift cards in a respectful yet efficient manner?
And that's from Gotta Get Rid of These Gift Cards in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Well, I went to that combination Babies R Us and Toys R Us over the weekend.
I think it's going over there.
Oh.
Have you seen 28 Days Later?
Yeah.
Wait, that's not the romantic comedy with-
No, that's 28 Days with Sandra Bullock and Alan Tudyk.
Talking about 28 Days-
I mean, I'm sure there's other people in it too, but those are the only two that matter.
And 28 Days Later is the sequel.
Right.
With zombies in it.
Where Alan Tudyk is a zombie and eats Sandra Bullock for the entire two hours.
We go there to get-
It's just that scene.
We go there to get baby food because they got the choice selection.
They got that gourmet shit, that Wolfgang-
They got that dank baby food.
That Wolfgang Puck genuine baby food that he cooks up in his kitchen full of.
And we pulled up in the parking lot and we're instantly like, oh no.
And we went ahead with our mission because baby gotta eat.
Baby gotta eat.
You can't just give the baby a hamburger from a Wendy's.
You have to give them the special stuff that Wolfgang's made for them.
And that checkout process, folks were bringing out some gift cards from 1983 that they have just been chilling on.
I watched somebody buy a stroller with approximately 15 gift cards.
It was horrible.
It was a get out of line and just go start over someplace else.
Nomadic sort of Oregon Trail method of finding a good aisle.
It was so bad.
Please do not be this person.
You have to find another strategy.
To continue a conversation that Griffin started long, long ago on this show.
It is only at those points when I seriously consider just shoplifting.
Mostly just to make it easier on the cashiers.
Like, you know what?
You're doing enough.
I'm just gonna-
I have this one thing.
I'm just gonna take it.
They're not gonna do inventory.
Very consider shoplifting.
Yeah.
Well, especially they're going out of business.
What are they gonna do with it?
Going out of business and they got fucked over by the whole corporate sort of architecture of Toys R Us.
And Jeffrey, he was in on it too.
No.
The execs got themselves a $14 million bonus.
Just made sure to get themselves a little thing.
A little taste.
A little taste of it.
Like, I mean, I think you can track it back to the fact that Toys R Us belligerently didn't open a website for about 20 years.
Just like, nah.
Yeah.
Nah, the web's a flash in the pan.
Kids are always gonna want to come into the store.
And then Jeffrey did an interview.
You can't ride a bike around the web.
And this is from a former Toys R Us employee.
If you're a Toys R Us staffer who's about to lose their gig, I fucking hear you.
Listen, it's not your fault.
I want you to leave that place with your head held high.
You're great.
If you have any training tapes there that you can steal for me, they were fucking hilarious.
Yeah.
You could steal some of those.
That would be glorious.
I mean, we know whose fault it is because Jeffrey, it wasn't Jeffrey.
It was some executive in the company.
But I think it's just sort of a shadow organization for Jeffrey's Dark Machinations.
They did an interview where he did blame millennials for not having enough kids who buy all the toys.
So thank you on that one.
We made sure to get one in there right.
Oh, it's three seconds left in the last round.
Jeffrey comes out swinging with one last punch.
At millennials for not buying enough toys.
Eat my entire asshole, shithead giraffe.
Especially, hey Jeffrey, millennials don't need kids to buy toys.
They buy toys for themselves.
Buy them like wild.
Okay, Griffin, I need you to clarify something.
Take me inside the bit for a second.
You seem to be getting pretty worked up about an interview you imagined that Jeffrey the giraffe gave.
It wasn't Jeffrey the giraffe.
It wasn't Jeffrey the giraffe, like the CEO of Toys R Us or whatever actually said this.
Actually said this.
Said this thing.
Said this dumb dumb thing.
Oh, okay, now I understand.
Hey, it's because your website fucking sucks and you didn't open one for a hundred years.
Okay, okay, okay.
Also, adult toys.
Adult toys, yeah.
You have Babies R Us, you have Toys R Us, how about like Sins R Us?
Here are the-
Don't go down that aisle, Derek.
Derek, you stay away from the curtain dial, Derek.
That's for Mommy and Daddy.
That's Toys R Us.
That's Toys number four us.
And there's a bouncer.
It's a person in a big Jeffrey outfit.
He's got a nightstick because the kids are curious.
How is this person going to spend their gift cards?
I mean, you could do it very slowly.
Just every time you go into the grocery store, you burn.
I mean, I think you could burn three, right?
And not be too much of an impediment, right?
Three is fine.
Three's still pretty bad.
Three's still pretty bad.
What if you did it like a bit?
Like a magic trick where you're like, what?
And just kept pulling them from different pockets all over your person?
Oh my God, Travis, that would make their ramability with my shopping cart full of baby food so much higher.
If you did it well, I think the cashier would enjoy it at least.
How many more can there be?
And then in the last one, you just look them square in the eye and say, that's it.
Oh shit.
You got 30 gift cards.
Yes.
The cashier isn't going to care.
I've watched Extreme Couponing.
The cashier don't give a shit.
Unless they got a break coming up and that, you know, go ahead and ask.
They don't care.
They're leaving at five regardless.
One customer, 20 customers, no skin off their nose.
So the person you got to worry about like from a society point of view is the person behind you in line.
Here's what you're going to do.
You ready for this?
You go ahead and use 10 of your gift cards, but you give the person waiting behind you one of them.
There it is.
You say, listen, I'm about to do something annoying, but I'm going to give you this gift card.
It's five bucks.
If you would just kick it with me for like five to seven minutes while I use these crazy gift cards,
this wild number of gift cards I've collected, then you are also going to benefit.
So like we're all going to win here.
That's good.
We're going to bring in their step.
Oh, five bucks off?
I could buy myself a whole box of Gushers or something.
Sure.
Gushers don't come in boxes.
What you just said is wild.
And the other wild thing you said.
Excuse me.
The six pack, 12 pack, and 20 pack of Gushers packages are all collected in one single collected box.
As much as you might like up in them and just have packages of Gushers strewn about your home like some sort of pack rat,
the Gushers are sold in boxes in grocery stores.
That is fair.
That is fair.
You did say something wild and that the cashier won't care about this situation.
It won't care.
I don't know if you've ever seen an episode of extreme couponing.
I just said that I did.
I clarified while I was talking.
Every episode of extreme couponing is also in secret an episode of making a murderer.
Because when somebody comes to these people and says like, here's 50 coupons, get to work.
This is your next hour and you are not going to know how to handle this situation.
And you are definitely going to think that I am fucking taking the house on this one.
And that you will definitely get fired if you scan in the wrong shit.
And that you will definitely get fired because you have given me all this toilet paper for free.
The look in those people's eyes is one of just like, it's just complete murder.
Just absolute murder.
So you have to find a way to maybe, first of all, let's talk about the science of these cards.
If you just rub them all together real hard, does the money go from one to the other?
Probably not, right?
Well, you don't know until you try, Griffin.
Or what if you tape them all together?
Tape them all together, try to swipe them all through once.
I mean, I think this is what Bitcoin actually is.
Is there some way for you to slide it through a dongle and now it's Bitcoin?
And then you take the Bitcoin to the Sam's Club?
Can you use Bitcoin at Sam's Club?
They love it.
Yeah, they love their cryptocurrencies.
Yeah, I mean, you could just also go there.
I don't like to use cryptocurrency because it seems too spooky to me.
Yeah, it is very spooky.
I don't know anything about it except it's got crypt in there.
Yeah, I mean, they're covered in cobwebs and spiders and each one has a little ghoul inside of it.
I don't fuck with that.
But can you go to a store right when it opens and say, here's $35 gift cards.
I would like to use these to purchase one $150 gift card.
Ooh.
And then you're done, then you're free.
It's going to be a bad morning, and don't get me wrong, it will take an entire morning, 9 to noon.
And maybe you give a few to the employee.
That's insulting, I feel like, maybe.
You got to throw them away.
It is not worth it.
There's no suggestion we can give you that it's better than throwing them in the garbage.
Or melt them into some kind of beautiful statue and just know that it is inherently worth $150.
Oh, yeah.
And it's a protest statue against the Toys R Us.
And it's the giraffe, but he looks like a big idiot.
Morgan Davey sent in this Yahoo, keep it wavy, Morgan Davey.
It's Yahoo Answers user Carol who asks,
How come Dorothy's dress never got dirty all the way to Oz?
Huh.
Got some answers on this one, but it's an interesting concept.
This is a young woman.
Lives on a farm, should have been dirty before the whole thing.
Before this whole zany, improbable adventure even got started.
Also got caught up in a tornado in Kansas.
That's dusty work, friends.
She should have been just sort of coated in a thin layer of grime before she even rolled up.
And then the scarecrow would have been like,
Whoa, my brain, or whoa, you got a little dirt on you.
You cool or what's going on?
But then certainly as she traipsed through the poppy fields and,
you know, the dirt zone, the dirt village and muddy swamp.
And the candy cane forest.
The candy cane forest.
Can you imagine the candy cane forest?
The debris on one of those candy canes.
Don't drop lane.
You don't actually see the monkeys hurling their own feces,
but we do have to assume.
It's implied.
I think by the time she shows up to the Emerald City,
her and her squad of companions should just be yucky.
Well, they are.
I'm sorry.
I have to save us from tweets.
They are.
They go through a whole cleanup process at the Emerald City.
There's wash, wash, wash, scrub, scrub, scrub.
It's true, there aren't a lot of movies where our characters arrive
at the paradise that they've been pursuing,
and the very first thing that has to happen is like,
y'all stink like shit.
You cannot even be in our whole thing right now.
Ew, gross.
Yeah, you're so disgusting.
Oh, hey, this is Utopia, and you all are doo-doo.
Yeah, you're like, can we talk to the, you can talk to no one.
You can talk to this brush.
Open up, because you are so wack right now.
I can taste your sweat.
You have been walking through this wonderland for days,
and I can taste the sweat on you, and on the Tin Man, which is wild.
Did trees throw apples at you, and then maybe some monkey shit on you?
What are you doing?
What are you doing here, Dorothy?
I love the Lord of the Rings movies for so many reasons.
Also, just looking at Orlando Bloom puts me at ease.
They're so long.
They're very long, and you get a lot of...
One of the best snaps I ever had.
A lot of bloom out of those features.
That's not to say the Lord of the Rings movies are boring.
Just one time I went to a late night showing,
I fell asleep in the middle of the first one.
It was the third time I'd seen it.
And I fell asleep, and I slept so good.
But here's what I love.
Into the trilogy, climbing Mount Doom,
little Samji and Frodo.
Samji and Frodo.
Samji and Frodo.
These two boys are so fucking nasty.
Do you remember?
Covered in grime and stink, and I can feel the stink through the film,
through the celluloid.
I know these boys reek, and I know they're fucking filthy pigs.
And I love it, because it's like, now that's fantasy.
Now I'm taken away.
They would get filthy, nasty, dirty, eating raw fish with their friend Gollum.
Filthy, stinky, gross pustules of boys.
Stinky, gross, nasty pigs.
And I love that.
And I love it.
Orlando Bloom, they never get him dirty.
And I also think that's a good creative choice from Peter Jackson,
because I think they did put the stink makeup on him.
And Peter Jackson was like,
nobody's going to fucking believe this.
I want that actually in every movie.
The effect that they do in Lord of the Rings,
they cut between dirty ranger man and then the elves.
And the elves are glowing.
They are transcendent.
And it cuts back to dirty man.
And then it's like,
just very clearly, this person has not been stinking themselves up
for the last 24 hours.
There's no way to communicate the stink through the film.
And I think that smell-o-vision is a bad joke.
And I think that stink lines,
we reference that in virtually every episode of every podcast we do.
There's a filter, like just a brown filter.
Oh, a stink.
Well, the whole movie kind of has a stink filter on it already.
Gandalf stunk so fucking bad,
that in order to communicate it, they had to kill him.
And then change his name.
They're like, hey, it's Gandalf the Great.
Don't call me by my stink name.
I have a new clean boy name that I want you to call me by.
Gandalf the White, because I smell great,
and I'm not filthy anymore.
It's kind of how much that dude stank from his tobacco smoke.
And his big fight with the fireman.
Adventure dirt.
Don't you always think by the end of a James Bond movie,
James Bond probably smells like shit, right?
It fucking stinks.
Absolutely.
So many of these characters, don't get me wrong,
he probably still has a hint of aftershave
and deodorant and cologne and stuff.
But also, he's been tied up.
He's been sweating.
He's been fighting people in the mud and dirt and stuff.
He probably, underneath his veneer of grooming,
stinks like shit.
Let me hit you guys with this.
I just had a killer idea.
The McElroy Brothers movie UI.
And this is a UI that we will put onto movies.
And not as like a fun thing that you get
and you download it and you listen to it later,
like riff tracks.
I'm talking about this is baked into the cinematic release.
And it shows a stink meter on the screen
as they go along.
And we could do this with other stuff, too.
You can drop it back down if there's a scene of them
washing their hands.
On that scene, that always happens where it's like,
oh, I'm so stressed out by these terrorists or whatever.
And they go splash water in their face.
It just drops down like five percent.
The stink meter goes down a little bit.
And then we can have kind of pop-up video
implied between these two scenes.
They change clothes.
And that, or in The Lord of the Rings.
These two boys are climbing up the mountain
and they're crying because they love each other so much.
And their stink meter is all the way full.
And imagine the...
Sorry.
I'm getting choked up thinking about it.
The emotional impact.
Knowing these boys stink so bad.
And the journey they've gone through together.
And the way they support each other.
It's powerful.
And they still hug even though they stink
like eight kinds of shit.
I think that would make the end of Die Hard
even more sort of moving.
Because if you watch Die Hard,
before Hans Gruber even hits the ground,
Holly basically is like enveloped John McClane
in the most passionate embrace.
This motherfucker has been crawling around
a dirty building, bleeding everywhere.
In the red.
His tank top literally goes from white to like green.
It goes from white to like green
by the end of the movie.
It is kind of the first stink meter.
It's his tank top in that movie.
It's like a lit mist has to stink like shit.
There's just no...
The only movie I've ever seen actually...
The Jerk deals with this.
I guess a little bit.
When Bernadette Peters reunites with Steve Martin,
she tells him he fucking stinks.
And he needs to go sit in a different car.
Thank you. Thank you Bernadette.
Thank you for being brave enough.
And then you watch a movie like Hope Flows.
And that stink meter never really...
What if it started off high?
And you're like, oh it turns out this whole time
Harry Connors Jr.'s character stank like shit
from the beginning of the movie on.
I think it's just low the whole time,
but it is there letting you know
these characters do not stink.
What about if like in phenomenon, right?
Like, oh it's amazing.
John Travolta's character can like levitate stuff.
He does stink like doo doo.
And it's just things that we don't know.
Things we never knew about the characters
that gives them a much richer story.
And then we can do this with all kinds of meters.
We can have full blown Sims moodlets on the screen
where it's just like a horny meter.
And that one's going up and you're like,
uh oh, here comes, here comes, here comes.
And hungry meter.
Hey, why is Hans Gruber being such a dick?
Oh, he's hungry.
You see John McClane shoot three guys
and his horny meter goes up and it's like, damn, John.
Whoa.
Hey, Johnny.
He's climbing through the vents and you're like,
oh man, this seems really scary.
But his horny meter's off the charts.
And it's like being in the small vent
makes you very horny, John.
Oh no, Gruber's going to kill Ellis.
John? Hey, John, what's up, dude?
Oh, dude.
I shot a kid.
Whoa.
His hog is wild right now.
Oh no.
As Hans Gruber is just
falling to his death, it's just getting
higher and higher and higher.
It catches him.
Like, I was the kid.
That's why I did all of it.
It turned out.
Hans Gruber hits the horny meter on his way down
and bounces off.
That's so great.
Oh my god, we can include this in every film.
And then Die Hard 8,
he's fucking tied to a chair or whatever
with a room full of bad guys.
And he's like, you're outnumbered.
And he breaks the ropes.
And I'm like, okay, you broke the ropes, now what?
And he reaches down and he grabs the horny meter
in one hand and the stink meter in the other hand
and he kills them all with it.
You can do that once
in Hot Sharts Part 3.
In the scary movie 13.
You can do it once before the whole convention
is like, yeah, we get it.
We've seen that before.
Fuck.
Let's take a quick break right now
to hear from our sponsors
in a little segment we like to call
The Money Zone.
Hey, I want to tell everybody about Blue Apron
if you wouldn't mind me talking about Blue Apron for a little bit.
Yeah.
They're really cool.
They deliver you boxes and the boxes got stuff in them
and I've used it for a while
and it taught me how to cook
and that's a very valuable skill that I treasure
and so I treasure Blue Apron
and the meals are very, very tasty
and I like it just a lot.
You open a beach box and it's like, what's even in here?
I don't know.
Except you do know because you can pick it
from a list of recipe options.
But anyway, they're the leading
meal kit delivery service in the US.
They've got incredible ingredients and chef designed recipes
like quick bucatini with broccoli
and chorino cheese and Italian style shrimp
and sweet pepper.
They let you see what the power of food can do.
They got fresh, non-GMO, pre-portioned ingredients
and step-by-step recipes.
They deliver right to your door and can be cooked in under 45 minutes.
There's 12 new recipes each week
based on what's in season
and all the recipes are designed by Blue Apron's
in-house culinary team.
They are treating my brother, my brother, and me
to $30 off your first order if you visit
blueapron.com slash my brother.
So check out this week's menu and get your $30 off
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I was gonna make a joke about like what's in the box
and then I started thinking about the stink meter
on 7.
Oh my god. Oh come on.
It'd be off the charts.
They would need a second stink meter.
It would be like stink meter and then right below that
just be like, I don't know guys, it was too big.
The limit break stink meter.
Limit break, yeah.
Some did an omni slash of the stink.
I wanna tell you about stamps.com.
Yes I do because it brings all the amazing services
of the US Postal Service right to your fingertips.
Listen.
I'm lazy.
I'm right now looking at a thing
I need to send that I keep forgetting about.
But with stamps.com it makes it easy.
You can do it right from home.
You can print official US postage
for any letter, any package,
any class and mail using your own
computer and printer.
They send you a digital scale and it
automatically calculates exact postage.
And stamps.com will even help you
decide the best class of mail based on your needs.
There's no need to lease
a postage meter or anything like that
and there are no long term commitments.
Stamps.com has got you
covered. So right now you can enjoy the
stamps.com service with a special offer
that includes a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top
and type in my brother.
All one word. That's stamps.com
and enter the code mybrother.
All one word.
Friends of Zero Life become a little
mundane. Yes. Then join us for
a bit of the arcane. Whoa.
The mundane and the arcane
is a homebrew D&D 5E
podcast focused on
expansive world building, intensive role playing
and very good puns. Now I hear what
you're thinking. Blah.
But trust me, maybe it'll
be good. Have your imagination tickle
by a tickle dungeon minstrel.
That was fucking whack dude.
Clever girls and troublesome twins with
sticky fingers. No the joke
there was that we
also do one of these. What? Yeah.
We used to. We used to
do a D&D podcast. But I'm
saying that was the joke. It was like
because we used to do one. Oh.
You know what I mean? It wasn't a great joke but
there'll be better ones on the mundane
and the arcane. Would you find anywhere
that you find fine podcasts?
They come out every
other Wednesday. Do they?
They do. It says it here.
Geez you swinging a miss bud.
Our boy is sickly.
I know. I'm trying to. I'm
hanging in there. Give me another shot. Please put
me in coach. No I'm going to read this next one.
I don't trust you anymore. This is Jumbotron.
It was for Anna Whiteside
and Michael Watson.
And it's from Loretta and
Atticus who say Meow Meow
Meow. Meow Meow.
And there's a translation here but I don't
think we need to read it because I feel like folks really
sort of got the nug of that one.
But I'll do it anyway. Translation.
Happy two year wedding anniversary
and thank you for feeding us so much.
We are both overweight. Now here's the weird thing.
Loretta and Atticus are their kids.
Yeah. They're feral.
No these are two kitties.
And I think
these kitties are
beautiful and I think
love the skin you're in. Or the fur
that you're in. And that's all I have to say about that.
Skin and cats Griffin.
You're the one who did that so. What?
There's a message. The next message is
from Kelly and it's from Maureen.
It's not from both of them
so it's two one
We are really firing on all
Don't say we. Don't say we. I'm bringing
my fucking A game
100 percent batting average
and you two are just dropping the ball.
Do you want to start the episode over again?
I'm Emile's brother. This is
for Maureen.
It's from
Kelly.
Hello beautiful. Happy two year
anniversary. I'm so lucky
to be your girlfriend. I wouldn't
trade a moment of our time together.
Thanks for putting up with my haunted
doll collection. It's hard to believe
that by the time the brothers read this
we'll have seen them in person at least
once. Lots of love
Kelly.
LOL.
You say you wouldn't trade a moment of your time together. That's fine.
But what about for these
eight rubies?
And I hold out eight magic
rubies. Not
the magical rubies Griffin. That's our family's
inheritance. I will
take your most precious day.
It shall be mine.
Taste the rubies.
They're real. They're skittles.
Tastes like rubies, don't it?
My name is Adam and I love Storybreak.
I'm Megan and I love My Bim Bam.
What really first got me into the show
was the idea of creating
a whole story out of a very simple concept.
I super love haunted
doll watch. I just want to see what they come up
with next. I realized I was
listening to almost every podcast you guys
put out. But when I realized I was
consuming almost everything you produced
I felt that it was like unfair of me
not to give you something because you
were giving me so much. Honestly
Maximum Fun, they get me through my work week.
It makes me laugh every day nearly getting
several cries.
That's
on me. These are listeners
just like you and they support Storybreak
and my brother, my brother and me with a Max Fun
membership. The 2018
Max Fun Drive is April 2nd through 13th
and if you want to support your favorite shows
too it is the best time to
sign up or upgrade your membership.
Just tune in starting April 2nd and we'll give you
all the details.
Here's another question.
I
only did one question last time.
Well we talked a long time about
the stink UI on movies.
Well I'm going to stop
feeling bad about stuff like that because honestly
that's valuable.
That's valuable.
That's where our
profits are going to come from.
Do you know what I'm saying?
That's something. Are you talking about
like our question to minute ratio?
We need to get that as low as
possible. That's where the profit comes from?
Because we're only spending money on one or two
questions an episode now.
You know it's got low overhead.
Yes. Like those
we have to pay so much for
and the fewer we use
the better it is.
I work at a job where I'm often
traveling for long periods of time with my
boss in the car. I'm not a chatty
guy so this often means long stretches
of time where we sit in silence.
I'm actually okay with this but I still feel like
I should probably do something about it.
How can I make our drives more interesting
without jeopardizing my career?
That's from Taciturn in transit.
Well maybe there's something you could both
listen to that you would enjoy
both sharing and enjoying.
This is literally it.
This is why we do what we do.
This is why we do the thing we do.
Are you talking about like a book on tape?
No. No. I'm not.
I'm talking about like Star Trek novels.
There's one I think all about the Q-contemnum
that Dad made us listen to once.
Sorry can you just say that word one more time?
The Q-contemnum.
Laughter
You know.
Yeah. There's the Red Rising series.
The new one of those. Iron Gold
just popped off. Fourth one in that series.
It's great. They got four different
sort of narratives. No! Podcasts!
Just get a podcast and listen to it.
Find some shared interest
and enjoy it together.
And then afterwards you make a little conversation about it.
It's possible though. It's why we do what we do.
I take this very personally.
Getting people out of
conversations is the main
thing that we do. Whether it's a conversation
that you will have with yourself in your
brain and can't stop having no matter what
or a conversation that you have with someone else
we are there to have the conversation
for you so you don't have to do the heavy lifting.
That is why we are here every single week
for you to avoid
chatting. But this is the question.
The question I have is when you say sit in silence
do you mean literally?
Do you like no music
no podcast
nothing on? Or you just mean that's
going and you feel like you should be talking?
Because you are worried
about nothing. If music or
a podcast or something is playing
that's what you do.
You say music but is there
anything? Nothing.
Anything more touch and go
than when you get into
somebody else's car and they are like
I'm going to turn on some tunes.
In that moment I am suspended
in the fear dimension
because I don't know what the fuck they are
going to put on. No way.
It ain't going to be my music.
The inverse is maybe
the fear dimension inside
the fear dimension. It is the sunken place
of just like hey put something
on and it's like
do you like chip
tunes?
And not only that
I also guess that when it comes down to it
listening to music is rarely a
like passive thing.
It becomes performative so
quickly of like I
am enjoying, see how much I am enjoying
this. I have
a friend named Badkins and
I remember distinctly he was at
our place in Chicago when I was living there
just visiting and he was like
my roommate had a record player with like
an AV hookup and I had my
iPod or whatever plugged in
and he was like hey play something. And I was like
okay my friend Badkins is kind of a music
aficionado. Let's see what I should put
on. And I put on what I was most recently listening to
which I think was one of those old team
teamwork mashups. He takes like
cool game music and then
puts like hip hop and
stuff over it.
And I put it on and he was like ah
this stinks. And I was like this is
the first time that I have ever been like
in a situation where somebody is like hey put
on some music. I put something on and they were instantly
like you picked, you chose wrong.
You picked wrong. This is
bad music.
The first time I ever went on, and this is
more about
us than the Smurls really
but the first time I ever went
on a road trip with them they
didn't turn on
the radio
because they
were, and it
took me a while to understand
like why
no one turned on the radio
literally before
you pull out of the driveway
or engage the parking
brake or anything. Like you just disengage
the parking brake. You just turn on the
radio. Nothing. Like they didn't turn
it on at all.
And eventually I realized I looked around in sort of
dawning horror as they continued to
chat idly and not
turn on the radio that the plan
was to
chat idly.
For the entirety
of the journey.
Where's the buffer? Where's the buffers?
Where's the buffet?
I mean anything.
I gotta have my tunes man. How am I supposed to
jam back here?
Maybe this is about us because like
even now when Teresa and I get in the
car, even if we're going somewhere five
minutes away, I won't
move the car until like a podcast
is playing our music or something and
she's like we're going to be there in five minutes.
And I'm like yes that is five minutes of
my life. That is five
minutes of crushing
nothingness.
Music's my soul dude.
I've been thinking about it. Music's my fucking
heart and my soul. Thank you.
I live
for the tunes.
I just like podcasts I guess.
I've been re-listening to Magic Tavern
starting at the beginning.
I mean like a week of 75 episodes in
and that drive time, hey that drive
time, that's time when I can be
accomplishing my listening goals.
You know? Thank you.
That's time for me.
They can buy a fucking Jumbotron.
There's much free advertisement on YouTube.
Well I was on an episode of it.
Here's a yahoo.
Here's a yahoo sent in by Lauren McGregor.
And if this is too similar to one we did
last week please just let me know. I can't
remember last week's episode. Okay yahoo
answers user Brianna asks,
how did the person that invented the microscope
think of the microscope?
Whoa. We had the one last week that was
how did the person who invented the clock know what time
it was? And I'm just so curious
I guess about inventions.
And this one really drills down into it.
In that somebody invented a microscope
and then. It's like they looked at something
and thought I want to see that bigger
but I'm not going to move my head closer.
Yeah it's like somebody made a telescope
and they were like this lets you look
up at the stars but it makes them
real big in your eye. And you're like
well I want to do that for
my blood.
What I assume is that
they got
a telescope
and they're like this looks at big
stuff that's far away. And the
they looked at a slide
that they had prepared. And
why did someone know how to prepare a slide before the invention
of microscopes?
Don't worry about it. So they
just got the telescope and they turned it upside down
and then they looked at it and they
were like well this is
this is nothing. And nothing happened
but they were like but there's something like
this that we could
definitely make work. But they had to
know that there was something in there.
So like they had a
slide with blood on it and they were like
I bet there's
this is just full of little guys.
I bet this is full of shit. Look at it.
There's like little guys in there.
I'm gonna call them amoebas for no reason.
I bet that
following the invention of both the telescope
and microscope there was a lengthy
period of time of trying to convince
somebody that it wasn't a prank
if you put your eye up against it.
Like it probably was like
yeah look through this. I'm not gonna look.
I'm gonna look through that and like
something's gonna like poke me in the eye
or there's gonna be something in there that's like
spooky. No thank you.
I'm like no really. Like look in it.
Whoever invented
the microscope the day after definitely invented
a prank microscope that like you look through it
and it's their butt. Has anyone
ever asked you to look into something and
you've thought this is probably fine?
No there's always a fear moment. They've probably
invented the prank microscope
first. Yeah. And people were like
um no? Like that's
like it's obviously a
prank of some sort. So they had to
invent the microscope
next. Then.
Oh we forgot they built the setup.
Yeah yeah. It's like they had the punchline
first. They're like well we gotta have something we're
pretending that it is. What if we could like
look at cells
clothes or something.
And then they did.
And you know
telescope gets invented. Probably a week later
microscope gets invented. And then a week later
after that some dude named Jeremy
or something was like I got a new
one and it's called a middle scope.
What's it do Jeremy?
It lets you look at middle sized stuff.
It's got the one for big
stuff in the heavens. And
like moon. And then we got the one
for blood and
amoebas and stuff.
But what about like a nice shirt?
Don't have one for that.
I'm Jeremy. This is my middle scope.
And it's basically just
a toilet paper tube.
And it doesn't make things bigger or smaller.
It helps you focus on
a little bit. It really lets you dial in
Travis.
I also think probably the person who invented
the telescope when they saw
somebody be like I invented binoculars.
And it's like you just taped two of mine.
That's two of mine. You taped two of mine
together. You asshole.
Well here's a
three eyed
binoculars.
They're trinoculars.
One million dollars please patent office.
Oh you don't want this one.
Okay. What about a quadroscope
so you and a friend can get cheek to cheek and
really check out some birds.
Really get up in those birds.
Find out. Do you think the person who invented
the magnifying glass was mad at the person
who invented the microscope? I was like I did
this already. I did this already.
We finished this. Fat chance.
Amoebas? I don't think
so. Oh there are?
Well fuck. Well shit.
I don't know why I did that.
I should have put two of these together.
At my office there's a room
called the wellness room. It's a small
room near one of the break rooms
that has a comfy chair and a lamp.
I didn't think much of this room initially until I overheard my boss
and coworker talk about how they knew someone
who would reserve the
wellness room for up to an hour and use it
to take naps during the work day.
Aw hell yeah.
Now I'm incredibly interested in using this room
to get in small naps during work
days. I'm particularly tired but I don't know how to
go about getting more information on how to reserve the room.
I don't want to ask my boss or
my coworkers as I don't want to give the people
in my unit the impression I'm eager to
nap during the work day even though you
totally are. Yeah. Help me brothers.
How do I get into this sweet nap room?
That's from Overtired in Oklahoma.
I mean I don't know what the chart looks like.
You just gotta use the chart.
That's why the wellness room is there.
The
sort of like
corporate
like way of thinking about
wellness is changing in a
really positive way
where folks know that you gotta take care
of yourself and they're trying to bake that
I mean at like a cool
a cool modern workplace.
With like segways and
cubicles that look like cabanas
and stuff.
And so you gotta. When we worked at AOL
when we used to work at AOL a long
long time ago they had a room
full of
nap pods and
the room was called NapQuest
and I got a big kick
out of that but how's it going here Will?
Very bad
it does seem.
I think I would be afraid if I heard
somebody talk about the wellness room
and they were like planting rumors that you
could use it for naps cause the wellness room
sounds like some Orwellian shit
where I'm gonna go in there and then my eyes are gonna be
held open while I watch training videos
about like committing my time harder
to working better and so like
maybe the nap thing is just a lie that your
boss said near your cubicle cause they know you're a real nap freak.
No the wellness room
is real and it's good and you gotta
just do it and you gotta own
it and you gotta assert yourself
and you gotta take those good naps.
Somebody else is already using it for that.
It's not like you're breaking the wellness room.
No I know but they're using it for one hour a day
there's lots of hours in the day. 24 of them.
No but that's what I'm saying. It's not like you're cheating
with the wellness room if you wanna take naps in there.
Like someone's already doing it you should feel free
to take naps there. Like if you say I wanna take a nap
in there your boss will be like yeah, yeah
that's literally why we put it there.
And here's the thing
about the nap room.
No one's gonna fucking wake you up
if your nap goes a little bit longer. Your boss isn't gonna
come in and you know
push your shoulder while
you're unconscious and be like hey
hey sweet baby it's time to wake up
rejoin the workforce. Hey
it's time to get going on your day.
So if you sleep through the alarm and you make it
a good three hour nap
I don't think anybody's gonna say shit
cause it's the wellness room.
This actually reminds me of a thing
that I was working
nah fuck it I'll say it. I was working at Sears
and it was near
near the end. I didn't know you worked at Sears.
I worked at Land's End. I worked in the Land's End department
near the end of my time
there and Griffin and I lived very close
to the Sears
like five minute drive and one day
I looked at my coworker in the Land's End
it was a particularly slow day and I said
we only get a half hour for lunch
but I'm going to leave
and you're gonna cover for me
and I'm gonna be gone for like an hour
and then I'm gonna come back and then you
can do the same
and we just won't tell anybody.
Oh that's good. And we did that
and the thing is is like
the number of times I looked my boss
square in the eye and said
yeah I just forgot to clock back in but I was
definitely here after half an hour
they kept being mad at me
but also nothing
came of it and that's
where I kind of learned that like rules
are nothing. There is
there is no enforcement. So just like
go take your nap
stay asleep whatever
don't even set an alarm and then come back
and be like I guess I must have slept
you won't get in. Nobody cares
nobody cares. They'll care
as much as they think they need to for
a second and then it will be over
because nobody really cares all that much.
Every office I've
ever worked in has
your right
except one person
who does care a lot
and they could be the wild thing about this
person is they could be in any position.
You don't know. At the newspaper I worked
at one time she was the photographer
and she was the one who cared very
much about everything that was
happening at all times everywhere.
There's one person like that at every job
I think. Yeah I'll tell you one
who doesn't love it
is Mr. Tommy Sperl
he really
really wants you to
he really really wants you
to make sure those time cards are
legit
like good
good time cards. Also at the
movie theater in downtown Huntington
I won't name names
but they really want to make sure that
those punch cards are
really exact and a couple minutes
late don't do that ever again.
I'll put you
in the stocks. So it's not
universal like you said Travis. Tommy Smerl
and the movie theater person
really just
want to ensure that no
time crime.
Tommy Smerl great dude but also
time cop. But hard on time
crime. Hard on time crime and so
just make sure if you do work
at Tridata Incorporated you
are being
not listening to Travis.
Naps are important though. They're good.
You have to take them.
Carve yourself out a half hour. Get
your pizziz going.
And just take that nap. You do need it.
Go to HR probably.
They're in control of the wellness room. I would think
you're gonna just find the chart
where every day at
like 12 is written
on it like Dave sesh
for like an hour where Dave is gonna get in there and have
his sesh. And you can just pencil
in after it Doug sesh
or whatever. Whatever your name is.
That's what you need. You need
I think what has made
my sneaking off from work and napping
possible through all of my different
retail jobs was I had a
partner in crime. I had somebody
that was like you look out for
me and I'll look out for you. I'll go take
a nap behind the refrigerator boxes
at Best Buy and you
do my work and then you can take a nap behind
the refrigerator boxes and I'll do your
work. And like
you have to coordinate it out a
little bit. So I think
that maybe that's what I mean when I say nobody
cares. You just need enough plausible
deniability.
It's also important to note that
after they do that once they're dirty.
And once they're dirty
they cannot bring you
you've got the juice on them
and even though they've got the juice on you they can't
bring you down. It brings you closer
to his friends and criminals.
Time criminals.
Y'all ever watch the
Office?
Yeah.
It's on Comedy Central now
24 hours a day. That's funny.
I don't think it's funny but I think
Jim is very mean to Dwight.
Although I did have a really
intense and detailed dream the other day
that I was traveling with.
Hey Trav let me stop you.
I don't want to hear about your dream.
But I was traveling with.
If you would do it actually
that's you doing time crime on me and Justin.
But I was traveling with the
entire Office crew Griffin.
Well I've changed my mind.
Now I gotta know.
We were trying to check into a hotel but.
I'm taking a nap on the middle of this podcast.
Michael hadn't reserved
the hotel and it was all booked up.
And it was me and Jim
trying to fix everything.
Yeah.
For sure.
And it just didn't pan out in the end.
It didn't pan out.
It's funny dude.
I love that shit.
Stanley's doing his thing.
Stanley's off in the corner doing whatever.
I love it man. More seasons.
They're bringing it back.
Loving that.
More of it please.
And they need a new Steve.
Good.
Closure. I love that Travis. Thank you.
Thank you. I like to book in.
So fun to book in.
They do like Ricky
come back and
does a guest spot on it but then at some point
he falls into a toilet.
In real life. And flushed down.
Book ending is better than
having a good joke.
Remember from the beginning?
Uh huh.
That's better and easier.
Is this whole episode time crime that we did to our
listeners?
They can't get it back one way or the other.
Thank you for listening.
We got you.
To our greatest heist yet.
Our greatest most ambitious time heist.
We
next week is going to be
the max fun drive is going to be kicking off
next week and we are so excited.
We are going to have
it also just happens
to coincide with episode 400
which is going to be a
buck wild.
That's next week right Griff?
We are going to drop it next week?
Max fun drive if you are a new listener
it is an annual thing we do for two weeks.
All the shows on the max fun network are
supported by members who
give monthly
to our shows to
show their support and help us keep
growing and trying to do new
weird stuff.
It is the best time to support our show.
You will feel awesome every time
you listen because you will know that you are a
member of the network and you will help us reach our goal
of 25,000 new and upgrading
members. Holy fucking shit.
That's a lot. We need your help
to get there.
We will get there
with your help.
We will also have great pledge gifts
at different levels.
We have different pledge gifts coming down
the pipe for you. I am talking about
stuff like exclusive bonus content
if you give $5 a month, $10 a month
you get a cool
pin.
Is that pin by the way? The my brother
my brother only one? I
am in love with.
It is designed by Megan Lynn Knott.
It is a stronger together
20 collaborate team pin. It is really good
and you get a max fun membership card.
There is a bunch of gifts and we are going to go over those during the actual drive
which kicks off next week.
If you have never
become a member of the network or you
already are one and want to up your donation because you have
been listening to more of our stuff or
you have been a heavier
listener of the shows, we would really appreciate
if you would think about donating at
maximumfund.org slash donate
and support us
by becoming a member.
We say we appreciate it and that is
not nearly enough to show
our gratitude for what you
all have done for us in helping this
thing that we started doing
eight years ago become a career
for the three of us. You have changed
our lives with that and we call on you
to help us
keep going. That is next week and we
will have a very strange episode for
you next week for episode 400 but we will also
have more details on the drive
then. Oh and thank you to Megan for the
kind words in the promo that we ran
earlier. Again
Max Fun Drive starts next week
runs April 2nd through the 13th.
I have got
let's do some plugs. I'm going to do them real
fast. One, we have
My Brother, My Brother, Me and Adventure Zone
tour dates up
on mcroryshows.com
slash tours. That tour is about
75% sold out. Like the whole
thing on average is about 75% sold
out. So don't wait to get your tickets.
However, I will say the Houston
show which is coming up very soon
it's a little light.
Houston! Houston!
Here's the thing. I said boys come to
Texas. So I won't have to travel very far
and this is something
that's very important to me is not having to travel
very far. Houston needs your help to prove
my thesis correct.
So please go to mcroryshows.com
slash tours. Also we didn't mention this last week
we mentioned it on Adventure Zone but we are doing a book tour
for the Adventure Zone graphic novel here.
There will be Gerblin's which you can pre-order at theadventurezone
comic.com.
We are going to be doing I think 4 shows across the country
in July and you can also find tickets for
that and those go on sale
this Friday or this Thursday
actually sorry March 29th
and each ticket sale
also gets you a copy of the book. So go check
those out and that goes on sale at 10am
local to the venue where
the show is going to be. All of those
all the dates all the locations are
at mcroryshows.com slash
tours. Go check it out
we're doing shows all over the country
and there's dates
listed from
April to September.
Yeah it's going to be dope. Also we have a new
store for our merch it's at mcrorymerch.com
we got a bunch of new designs up there
some old stuff too. We
teamed up with DFTBA to
make this store and we're really happy with
how it's looking and we're going to keep updating
it just constantly
with new designs and
stuff and I think we've
already got a couple of them that are going to be coming out
pretty soon and that's at mcrorymerch.com
Also I'm going to
be at C2E2 in Chicago
April 6th through 8th.
I've got a whole bunch of events, live shows
and signings and panels
you can find all the dates and
get tickets at bit.ly slash
Travis C2E2
all of the letters there
are lowercase and also
April 18th
Schmaners is
the podcast that I do with my wife Teresa
about etiquette and stuff is
going to be performing at Moon Tower
Comedy Festival in Austin. You can
find tickets for that and find out more information
at bit.ly slash
Moon Tower Schmaners
S-H-M-A-N-N-E-R-S
And hey thanks to John Roderick and the Long
Winters for the use of our theme song It's a Departure off the album
Putting the Days to Bed. It is so
freaking good you guys
and thanks to MaxFun.
Yeah speaking of
I always like to encourage people especially heading into the
MaxFun Drive. There's a whole lot of new
shows on MaxFun. So many shows. That if you
haven't listened to yet you should go check them out because
we seem to be adding more and more every month
and they're all great. So go check them
out.
You want that final? Yeah absolutely.
Yeah I mean this final
then was sent in by
Adrian Cowles. Thank you Adrian.
It's Yahoo Answers user
Iraq asks
So why did
Sir Isaac Neutron shoot
that apple off that guy's head?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother My Brother.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Celebrity news this week.
The hosts of Lady to Lady took a break
from hanging with today's hottest comedians
actors and writers to sell
a sex machine. What they
do with all that cash? Rent a party
bus to go to Magic Mike Live in Vegas
of course. All of this on the heels
of a salacious sizzler session
with Home Alone 4 star French
Stewart. Want to know what the f***
we're talking about? Tune into Lady to
Lady whenever wherever you listen to
podcasts. Can you keep a secret?
We.
