The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Justin
McElroy. I'm Travis. Did you guys hear that? I actually didn't. Did you guys hear that?
I didn't mean to sigh. Okay, it threw me off so bad I said your name.
Are you okay? I'm fine. Okay, I'm Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother. Do you have a show in
you today, Justin? Are you cool? There is gonna be a show. You have an show inside of you that's
waiting. Do you know what's strange? I didn't know how I felt. This show is my therapy. This is my
time to unpack everything, and I went into this recording not knowing how I felt today, and then
when I was trying to put on, as we say in French, le masque, the show. The masque of the host,
the entertainer, the funny man, whisk us away, Pagliacci. I've discovered a sort of unease.
You reached in to the depths to pull out the comedy that is at the base of the sorrow in
your soul, but you found only sorrow. There's just sorrow in there, yeah.
What I found is if I dig deep enough, the comedy's in there. Maybe that's what I was trying to get
out was sort of in the parlance of Aristotle, the expurgation of pity and fear, the great art.
So this is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show. So what this means is the people
you have heard in the past couple of minutes are going to tell you what to do in a fun twist.
Yeah. Now I want to start off, and this is not normally how we do it, and I'm going to admit
this is a special occasion, but to start off the episode, we got an email from Rose, and it was
about a topic that we discussed last episode or a couple episodes ago, and it goes like this.
And Rose, I want to say thank you for the powerful start to this question. There was no lead-in. It
just started like this. How I heard it is that Ray Bradbury actually asked his local fire department
what temperature books burned at, and they went and lit a book on fire and measured the temperature
while they were still on the phone with him and reported back that the temperature was Fahrenheit
451. No idea if that's true or not. Rose. I wish I could have been there when they were like,
Bradbury wants us to burn a book, and they're like, which book? We got to pick a book to burn.
Well, let's see. It's a fire station, so what we have here is the phone book and a book about how
to fight fires and the Bible. Hey, Jimmy, weren't you reading Nadine Kootz earlier?
Yeah, but I haven't finished it. It's Ray Bradbury, dude. All right.
On the phone. Scorch that, Koontz. You burned my Koontz.
Is it among the services that the fire department offers that if you call them,
you can ask any object and they will burn it for you?
Yes. Also, hey, also,
why does the fire department even possess the implements? The one place you don't want there
to be a fire is in the fire station, because that's where you have all your shit for fighting
it, right? Why do they even have the implements for starting a fire?
Well, to train, Justin, obviously, because you don't want the first time you fight a fire to
be live out in the real world. There's not a training fire, it's fire.
But you put a fire, a control fire, you put a fire in the waste paper basket,
so first aid John can put it out and feel like a powerful firefighter.
Hey, I want all our rangers, all our park service people to get at me on this one.
Reminder, my Twitter handle is at a plus K. A control burn is a fucking lie.
If anybody says that there's a control burn, they're lying to you. It's fire, baby.
Justin. It's going to do,
it's a thing. I'm not saying that a fire
lit in a waste paper basket is a control burn. No, I'm saying the idea of control burns,
and please get at me, people who do manage forests for a living, A plus K.
It's not a control burn, baby. It's a fire. It's going to do what it's going to do.
That has got to be the worst moment of your day if you're like,
it's a controlled burn, and then you notice that one tree.
A little tinder. Oh no, that was one of the good trees.
Then you got to start like, oh yeah, I did want to get that one too.
I can just run over there with a can of spray paint, just put an X on that one real quick.
It's all part of the plan. Yeah, it's all under control.
Somebody needs to write a sci-fi novel called Control Burn, but it's C-T-R-L Burn.
Ooh, Travis. Ooh, that's good. Yeah, think about that.
Anyways, I like that we could call the fire department and just be like,
hey, at what temperature does a classic Teddy Ruxpin burn?
And they would have to do it, or else I guess I don't pay their salaries anymore.
Do you know what's fucked up? It's 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
Oh no. Such a dangerous little toy.
I mean, that tape deck in there, it's its own internal combustion engine. It's not great.
So they have tools to measure how hot a fire is at the fire department, and I believe that.
But then I also wonder, does that mean they're going to measure the heat of a fire when they
get to a house fire? And they're like, that's too hot.
Or that they roll up to a house fire, point their thermometer at it, and they're like,
it's okay, guys. It's a cold fire. It's only 200 degrees in there.
Fuck it, we don't need our suits. This is a baby fire.
I've got a thick sweater on. This is a cold ass fire. In and out, no problem.
Can we do a question that's not about Ray Bradbury?
I want to talk more about Ray Bradbury.
No, it's fine. I'll do one. We'll do one for them, one for us.
Okay.
I heard that he called a tattoo parlor and said,
how many tattoos could you put on a man?
Before he's illustrated.
Before he's illustrated.
I was on the way out the door to walk our dog, Cooper, nice.
Wow.
Wow. When I realized I was without a plastic bag-
Hold on real quick. Did you say that because you're assuming that this person
named their dog after your second daughter?
Well, they didn't name them. I'm assuming they named them after,
but maybe they named them before, in which case-
You took a dog.
Okay, fine.
Yeah. And now you've named your daughter after their dog.
Well, I named a dog Indiana.
Classic. Love him.
Classic.
I love him.
Love Iron Man.
...the movies. When I realized I was without a plastic bag for his poop,
my wife ran to our kitchen for me and pulled one from the recycling
before sending me on my way.
I'm now blocks from the house. He's pooping.
I realized she handed me a dramatically oversized baggie,
the ones from Goodwill that fit coats and bedding and stuff.
It seems wasteful to use such an enormous amount of plastic for a single duty.
What do I do?
Do I pick up after him in this ludicrously big bag or do I search for a plan B?
That's from superfluously sized shit bag in Greensboro.
I mean, think about your poor dog who sees the size of the duty bag
and is like, damn, Jeremy, are you sure?
I'll do my best, but fuck, bud.
I'm gonna disappoint you, buddy. I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you have planned for the day, but is that for both of us?
Yeah, I mean, oh God.
I mean, it's important that you clean up the duty.
That's just, that's one on one. Leaving the duty there is-
I mean, it is.
No, listen, I'm a dog owner. I pick up my dog's shit.
You want a fucking trophy?
I also think that it is interesting that we have a society of like,
all other animals shit outside and there's dirt there and mud and stuff.
But my dog shit, I have to, with a like microscopically thin bag,
put it in my hand while you watch to make sure I do it, Mr. Jones next door.
This is a weird character trap.
I've never stepped in like squirrel shit and had it ruin my day.
Let me actually check my history.
Yep, it's always dogs that I step in.
I'm not saying we shouldn't do it.
I'm saying I don't like doing it.
Yeah, okay. Nobody likes it.
Nobody's like, all right, little brown treasure.
Neither of you are dog owners.
So let me tell you the most awkward thing in being a dog owner
is after you've picked up your dog's shit
and you're carrying it around in an old Kroger bag
and like you're walking back home
and like another car from your neighborhood drives by
and you kind of awkwardly wave with the hand holding the bag of shit.
Yeah, now imagine this, but it's a mattress bag.
It's a big fucking steamer trunk size.
It's a big boy.
I mean, you have to do it.
Can you pick up a bunch of different stuff?
Yeah, there's gotta be some other poop lying around.
Not even, it doesn't even have to be poop.
You find a cool pine cone or glitter.
Yeah, I mean, you know, non-bioorganic litter.
Oh, I thought you said glitter.
No, litter.
Because if you do just have the one poop in this huge, huge bag,
you're gonna look like some sort of like off-brand Johnny Appleseed dude.
This is my last one.
Nearing the end of his journey.
Could you keep reusing the bag until it's full?
Where are you gonna store that, Trapp?
Between uses.
Right inside the door so it's there next time you need it.
We're gonna need a mud room for this, specifically for the bag.
Justin, it sounds like you're not having fun.
I take trash bags really seriously.
And I'm gonna think about how I'm out of my big trash bags that I treasure.
Sometimes, you know what I do sometimes?
What do you do?
This is embarrassing, but like I'll get,
you know, I like the big, big ass contractor trash.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, baby.
The ones that make me feel like I could throw anything away.
Don't even.
Yeah, you could throw like hunks of concrete in there.
It'll stretch around it.
Sometimes I get a mind to do some cleaning and figure out like,
oh man, I've only filled up half of this amazing trash bag.
Yeah.
And so I'll just leave the trash bag.
You guys ever do this?
Just leave the trash bag centrally located.
And then if somebody tries to throw trash in the regular trash can,
I'm like, hold on, I got this big one over here.
Don't fill up the smaller cans with that trash.
Come put it in this big boy I got.
This is my big centrally located trash.
I'm trying to fill her up.
Justin, you have just maybe described like the clearest example
of dad idiosyncrasy since we started making this show.
Like that is such like a-
Do you mean Clint and the evil McElroy or dad in general?
Like you are a dad because you do this thing I've never heard of before.
Don't you guys get me-
Okay, okay, okay.
When people in your household, and I know that, I mean-
The kids today.
When people in your household throw away trash
that takes up half of the trash can,
does that not drive you fucking batshit?
Let me ask you a follow up question.
Did they use my special big garbage bag?
The one that I saved just for big boy Josh?
Special centrally located dad bag?
Is that when I fill up, I buy myself a little treat?
Because I've earned it,
and no one appreciates the hard work I do around here?
Dad, you know-
I just like to watch one episode of a car show
without somebody interrupting me while I fill up my special big boy bag.
It's just dad's central sack for fat trash.
I'm spiraling here.
I just need to know if there's-
If you have a-
I have a kitchen trash can.
Uh-huh, yeah.
If someone has a large piece of trash,
and I keep saying somewhat when I mean my wife,
my kids don't throw away shit.
When my wife throws away the large bag of trash,
a large piece of trash in the kitchen trash can
that fills up a lot of the trash can,
I get very frustrated,
and I ask that we take larger pieces of trash directly out to the cans
instead of sullying the trash bag with-
It does sound like you've introduced a middleman though.
A middle option, a middle-
A third path that isn't-
That's a perfectly good half-filled bag right there.
And it's a fat sack.
It's a fat sack.
That's only when the sack is not in play.
When the sack's in play, everything goes in the sack.
If the kids leave toys out too long,
and I don't think that they treasure it,
it goes right in the sack.
The sack's right there.
Hey, can I do a Yahoo-
Sometimes I just want to put all my worries and troubles in that sack.
You know what I mean?
I just want to take, oh, I got a lot weighing on me.
What if I just put them all in my big boy sack
and threw it right away, you know?
Yeah.
I got a Yahoo here that was sent in by several people.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user James who asks,
can I bring in some of my own ingredients
for them to put on my Subway sub?
Oh, such a good question, James.
It's a, this is a fast food restaurant
where they make sandwiches and they do have,
they've got a little, it's weird, huh?
They've got like a buffet, but just for them.
Yeah, how greedy.
You ever think about that?
You should, if there was no sneeze guard there,
which in the current sort of climate would be unthinkable,
but if there was no sneeze guard there,
you could just do it yourself
and you wouldn't need them to necessarily be a part of that process.
But if you could do it yourself, if there was no sneeze guard,
if we could democratize the Subway process,
then there would be nothing stopping you
from like slopping in your own homemade horseradish on there or whatever.
I'll tell you what I have always really enjoyed at Subway
is their candor, their honesty.
Sure.
Because one, you get to watch them make the sandwich right there
so you can watch them fuck up the way you want your cheese to go.
It's great because like, no, I said, okay.
But also that they're just straight up like vegetables are worth nothing to us.
We will put as many of those on there as you want.
The cheese and the meat, that's where the money is, baby.
You want more of that, we're gonna charge you.
But you want more spinach?
Fuck it.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah, dude.
I will load that thing down with spinach till we can't close it.
Spinach comes from trees.
There's infinite of those.
I could find spinach outside right now if you want more.
Where am I supposed to get cheese at this time of day?
But this comes from cows and there's only so many of them.
This is what I'm saying.
I measure how much sort of gas I have in the tank
by whether or not I'm willing to ask for green peppers
because I don't want the specificity of green pepper amount
that I need to produce a satisfying sandwich
is such that I don't always want to take that journey
because I don't want to always break down with them like,
you don't understand how little green pepper I want.
You're gonna think that I don't want it.
You're gonna think that I don't actually want the green pepper,
but I do, I just want such a specific amount of green pepper.
You want them to take some slices of green pepper
and just kind of wiggle them over the sandwich
like they're burning sage, but not actually let them touch.
If you could hide it in there so I definitely get all the benefits
but I'm not, maybe wrap it in cheese.
So like, it's later I think,
was there a green pepper on that sandwich?
That's the ideal amount.
Sometimes when I'm feeling really froggy,
I'll do that with mayo, but I'm even more particular about that.
I actually kind of mispronounce mayo
because I want them to put an amount of mayonnaise on the sandwich
where they're not actually sure if I want mayonnaise.
Yes.
That is the exact amount of mayonnaise that I want on the sandwich
where they have plausible mayonnaise deniability.
That's just meat leave-ins.
There's no mayo on this.
No, sir, that was just wet bread.
Nope, you just got a wet slice there, pal.
But can you bring in your, okay, let's take it one step.
Can you bring in your own bread?
I don't think so.
Okay, what if I brought in an ingredient,
they finish the sandwich and then while still standing at the register,
I unwrap it, open the sandwich, put my ingredient in,
close the bread, re-wrap it, all while maintaining eye contact.
That's great.
They're gonna charge you for it.
You could bring in your own slice of ham.
Charge me a corking fee.
Oh, well, a porking fee.
That was good.
Very good.
Yeah, I think you should be able,
is that, is ham what you guys would really bring?
Okay, Subway opens, Subway, they're like,
we got $5 footlong and people love that,
but now we have a new jingle and it's,
bring in your own meat now.
And you can bring in your own, it says,
bring in your own meat now, but you can bring in whatever,
but you can only bring in one thing.
So like, what's the, and this is great,
because then there's a line of people standing six feet apart,
all of them holding their sort of comfort item.
Yes, that they're excited.
I'll bring a toothbrush and a picture of my wife.
Nope, you can do one.
I'm winning that hands on a hard body truck.
Wait, that's not, sorry, that's not what's happening.
Oh man, everybody's gonna be holding bacon,
like a kid who's just won a bunch of tickets at like an arcade
and they're like waving these strings of tickets around,
except it'll be bacon.
No, too much work, too much work.
I don't think you're gonna make it a bacon item.
I think Travis is coming at this from an economic standpoint.
I'm trying to think of like special things
I have in this house that I've always
wanted to eat on a Subway sandwich.
My own sort of Pinsky salami situation, if you will.
Of course, the best looking meat I've never had.
What, Griffin, what's something that you would not,
I feel like the host of Family Feud,
what's something that you would not normally have on a sandwich
that you find yourself craving?
Uh, it's, uh, um, my willy-weenus.
My prince, my prince pee-pee.
I'm trying to think of what they would say on Family Feud.
They would say prince pee-pee?
Doo-doo, doo-doo juice.
They say like wild shit.
Yeah, show me doo-doo juice.
Yeah.
Oh, it's up there, it's number one.
Wow.
Making whoopee.
100% of people said doo-doo juice.
Whoa.
Oh, wow, we asked a million people
and 100% of them said doo-doo juice.
Probably CBD, right?
Oh, that'd be great.
They're not gonna sell that to you at Subway.
No, they could.
That's how you know things are done.
They could.
They could.
They won't.
They could.
We have CB, we have CBD pepperoncini.
A CBD LT.
Yes.
Well, that's it.
That's the end of that bit.
That's the end of that bit.
Put it to bed.
That's the end of that bit.
I recently discovered that my boyfriend's dad drives.
We should do that more.
Didn't that feel really clean to me?
I really like that sort of laugh-in style,
like hee-haw transition.
Okay.
Well, I'll put that on a donkey.
I recently discovered that my boyfriend's dad
drives Lyft on the side to pick up Semester Cache.
The problem with this is that I use Lyft.
My boyfriend and I have been dating for four years.
I consider myself to be close to the parts of his family,
just not his dad.
He's really nice-seeming.
We just haven't had many chances to interact.
If I were to call Lyft and his dad was the driver,
would I have to sit in the front
and try to make small talk with him?
Or would it be okay for me to sit quietly in the back
like I normally would?
Oh, boy.
Wow, this is fraught.
Until I read this question,
the idea of calling a Lyft and having it be someone I knew driving
had never occurred to me.
Yeah, because the question of where to sit.
And I feel like you do have the built-in excuse right now
of social distancing.
So it's like, I got to sit catty corner.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not just good.
It's the truth.
If you're doing anything other than catty corner,
then you're part of the problem.
You could always sketch on the back.
Sketching on the back is cool.
You definitely can't treat it like a regular Lyft.
I mean, unless-
Unless you're going to do the mask thing.
Yeah.
You guys been doing the mask thing?
You mean wearing a mask to keep other people alive?
Yes, Justin, I have.
Well, good, Travis.
That's good.
Everybody should be doing that, obviously.
But-
No, Justin just said like the mask thing,
like it was a cool life hack, keep it out.
Travis cleans up after his dog
and doesn't spread a pandemic and he's like,
you know what?
I do want a parade.
I want a parade and a trophy that says,
Travis McRoy, bare minimum.
Bare minimum.
But it's B-E-A-R
and there's a little bear on top of the trophy.
You wear the mask and you're at the store
and you see someone you definitely know
and you just absolutely play it off
because it's like, no, you're not going to get me this time.
I have plausible deniability.
I mean, especially if you wear one of the plastic shield masks
and a hat, you are a ghost, my friends.
When you asked if we were doing the mask thing, Justin,
I thought you were talking about when the cops,
when there's a bunch of cops
and they're about to arrest you,
but then you're like,
they call me Cuban Pete,
I'm the king of the Rumblebee
and you do a dance and then-
There are very few social problems.
I mean, to be fair,
the mask would fix this problem with the lift
because it would turn into like a huge stretch limo
and your boyfriend's dad would be like a cool wolf or something.
Yeah, man, that'd be badass.
That'd be pretty cool
and you roll up to the coconut club or whatever
and there's Cameron Diaz
and I guess you seduce her with your cool dancing?
Wouldn't it be cool to have a mask mask
and you could just put it on and act a fool?
Not with his zany powers, you're saying.
You're just wearing a mask off the mask.
You pretend that you have his zany powers.
I think everybody would get a big kick out of that.
Oh yeah, I think everyone in this day and age,
everyone needs that kind of levity.
You know what I mean?
That's what the world is missing,
more mask-based humor.
Well then maybe everybody's uncles and aunts
who are still really up in arms
about the whole pandemic mask thing,
maybe we can get them on board
because everybody loves Jim Carries the Mask.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
So like you have that
and then you can also say like this will nullify
certain social expectations when you wear this
and you can do a funny like rumba dance
and rob a bank.
It would be funny to put on a surgical mask
and then put on the mask mask over that mask
and so people would think you're just acting a fool
and being silly but actually you're being very conscientious
and then when you get in and people are like,
what are you doing?
You're like, I guess I misunderstood, sorry.
P-A-R-T-Y, there's a pandemic on
and let me show you some literature about it.
What if you did surgical mask?
Somebody shop me.
I can't do my shopping for myself
because I wore a mask mask.
Okay, you wear a surgical mask underneath,
then you wear the mask over it
and then you wear a surgical mask over that
so people will see it and like,
oh, he's a whimsical party man
but he still understands the importance
of controlling the pandemic.
I respect him for that.
Man, the mask is funny.
Man, it's fucking funny as shit.
It's both funny, it's weird, it's funny to watch
but also funny to talk about.
Yeah, you remember when the dog pees all over that guy
because he's wearing the mask
and it's like a fucking waterfall.
That's a good one
and when he eats the bomb and it explodes in his tummy,
he goes, that's a spicy meatball.
Travis, do eight more mask jokes
to get us to around 10.
Do you remember when he's there with Ben Stein
and he tries to put the mask on but it doesn't work
so Jim Carrey in his classic rubber face style
just throws himself around for a while.
That's one.
There's another one
where the clock is bouncing around the hallway
and he's trying to smash it with a hammer.
That's two, Jesse, he's gonna do it.
That's a good one.
He's gonna do it, that's two, Travis.
Six more, six more, six more, bud.
He says, love is but a red, red rose
and I am a little thorny and that's pretty good.
Oh yeah, Trav, oh yeah, bud.
There's another part where the cops are frisking him
and they're reaching in his pockets
and he's like a little to the left
and makes a joke like it's his penis.
That's four more, baby.
Travis, you're halfway home, come on.
And then there's the part where the old lady comes out,
like his landlady comes out of her apartment
and she has like a green face mask on
and he's wearing a green mask
and they scream at each other and that's pretty good.
She's gonna do it, Jesse's gonna do it.
There's another part where he's kind of spinning around
and he's turning into the mask
and then he stops and he catches the feather
and he says, somebody stop me.
Okay.
But he says it in like a really funny way.
Yeah, okay, we'll give it to you.
Two more, Trav, come on, you can do this.
There's a part where the cops come
and he tries to run away and they say freeze
and he turns to ice in midair and they say,
put your hands up and he says, but you told me to freeze.
Now listen, back in episode 406, Travis got to nine
and this is where he shipped the bag.
So Travis, we really wanna see if you can land the plane.
Is there anything?
You gotta have at least a little bit more juice in the tank.
Come on, bud, get us there.
There's a part where the two guys who like-
Uh-huh.
Tried to charge Stanley extra for fixing the car.
Yeah.
And then the mask shoves the mufflers up their butts.
Yes!
Yes!
He did it, ladies and gentlemen, he did it!
Amazing, amazing.
Travis, I just re-watched it last night.
Let's take a break, we're gonna head on over to the money section.
Do either one of you nerds wanna take this first one?
Okay, yes, I wanna tell you about Warby Parker.
They make glasses.
I know what you're thinking.
A lot of people make glasses.
I make glasses.
But do you make boutique quality eyewear
at a revolutionary price point?
You don't, so shut up and let me finish this ad.
Warby Parker offers eyeglasses, sunglasses,
contact lenses, and eye exams.
They're committed to providing exceptional vision care
online and in stores.
I wear Warby Parker glasses.
I love Warby Parker glasses.
My favorite part is the home try-on program
where they will send, like you pick out the frames
you wanna try on, they send them to you,
you try them on, and here's the thing, folks,
this is news to no one, I have a gigantic head,
and so I'm always wary of buying glasses online.
But Warby Parker sends me, I try them on,
I go, oh, these actually fit, this is incredible.
Or, nope, my melon's still too big
and I have to send some back,
and I don't pay for the ones I don't keep.
It's a great deal.
And Warby Parker is committed to providing
exceptional vision care online and in stores.
They offer everything you need.
Glasses start at just $95,
and that includes prescription lenses, sunglasses,
progressives, and blue light lenses are also available.
So try Warby Parker's free home try-on program.
Order five pairs of glasses to try on at home
for free for five days.
There's no obligation to buy.
Ships free and includes a prepaid return shipping level.
Try five pairs of glasses at home for free
at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
If you are wanting to take a break from the outside world,
wanting to isolate even deeper into your own subconscious,
and who can blame you,
then reach for a pair of Raycon earbuds.
You don't have to spend hundreds of bucks
on a pair of wireless earbuds to get a great sound.
You can just go with Raycon.
Their newest model, the Everyday E25 earbuds,
seamlessly pair with via Bluetooth.
They got nice amount of bass and more compact design.
It gives you a nice noise-isolating fit.
I got a pair and really liked them.
They're very easy to pair.
They sync right up.
And they're delicious.
And they are delicious.
They go down smooth.
You know what I mean?
You can get the latest and greatest from Raycon
and the most delicious.
Get 15% off your order at buyraycon.com slash my brother.
That's buyraycon.com slash my brother.
For 15% off Raycon wireless earbuds,
buyraycon.com slash my brother.
I should say our lawyer is sitting right next to me.
They just handed me a piece of paper that says,
I have to tell you, don't eat earbuds.
Now my skateboard lawyers are sitting next to me
and they're giving me a big thumbs up
and they're shaking their head yes.
So I don't know if that means you can eat earbuds.
They're doing it again.
God, these guys, man, they're such bad lawyers.
Why did we get these terrible lawyers?
My lawyer is good.
My lawyer.
Fuck.
One, two, one, two, three, four.
Hi, everybody.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Sydney McElroy.
We're both doctors and-
Nope, just me.
Okay, well Sydney's a doctor and I'm a medical enthusiast
and we create Sawbones, a marital tour of misguided medicine.
Every week I dig through the annals of medical history
to bring you the wildest, grossest, sometimes dumbest tales
of ways we've tried to treat people throughout history.
Lately we do a lot of modern fake medicine
because everything's a disaster,
but it's slightly less of a disaster every Friday
right here on MaximumFun.org
as we bring you Sawbones,
a marital tour of misguided medicine.
And remember-
Don't drill a hole in your head.
You want a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd like that.
Okay.
This Yahoo was sent in by Molly
and I guess you're not gonna interrupt me.
That feels good.
Thanks, Molly.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Copperman asks-
Oh, I get it.
It's like Iron Man, but okay.
That's funny, I didn't think about that.
Very good.
And this-
I'm liking this.
I'm liking it already.
And this seems like something
that the bad boy Tony Stark himself would say,
which is why are plungers handle rods so short?
Right?
I feel like I'm already elbow deep in there.
Regular plungers consist of an elastic suction cup
and a wooden handle rod that is attached to it.
The wooden hand, if you have never plunged,
do you think that's possible?
I mean, maybe some people only have narrow shits.
Perfect, Duke.
I guess so.
It's our third time talking about poop in this episode.
Stinky snakes every time.
The wooden handle rod is intended to be held
and used by the plunger operator to forcefully compress
and decompress the suction cup
and its contents by pushing and pulling.
All right, Bill Nye, we fucking get it.
Another commonality among many regular plungers
is that the wooden rod is rather short,
forcing your wrists and forearms to be rather close
to the suction cup and what's below it.
So I ask, why are the wooden rods as short as they usually are?
Shouldn't they be longer to allow for some action
at greater distance to the whirling toilet water
and whatever happens to be part of said whirling waters?
I've always wanted them to be broom handle length.
So I can stand on top of the counter right next to it
and jump off and really get some good action going.
You know what I mean?
Because sometimes just the like two feet that they give me
isn't enough to get the torque I need
to get the clog out of there.
You know what I mean?
I need to really get in there.
Yeah, and you like it when it's a sort of Darth Maul
double-bladed plunger saber situation
where it's a long stick and on one side is the normal plunger
and but then on the other side is like an almost comedically
large, the mask-sized plunger cup.
And that one goes that one goes over the whole toilet
and Travis likes to do that and yell for people to come in.
Like guys, get in here, get in here.
You got to see this, you got to see this.
You'll never believe what I'm doing.
But people are always like-
I plunge and I pull up and there's Jimmy Hoffa's body, right?
It's great, everyone loves it.
And people laugh and they're like,
you're doing the big plunger trick again, aren't you?
We don't have to come in, we have seen it.
Yeah, I've lost a lot of friends.
It's a very good tiny plunger card trick
and you can order the tiny plunger
and they'll send you a DVD with it
that says how to do the tiny plunger card trick.
Hey, it's 2020.
How has plunger technology not evolved?
Have we not moved beyond we put a big duke in there,
clog the whole thing up.
Here's like a suction cup and a wooden stick, go to work.
I think it has evolved because there's some
where there's kind of a flange at the bottom where it flanges in
and then there's just the regular Mario ones.
But.
And I do, it does concern me
because if we figured out the flange is better,
we should have thrown all those other ones away, right?
We wanna do this job once and we wanna do it right.
No, you know what?
I've talked about it before, I'm a disruptor.
I'm gonna disrupt the whole thing.
Fucking big plungers out here taking your money.
Hey, everybody, here's a news flash,
invest in my company, biggerpipes.com.
Yeah.
Wait, no, don't go to biggerpipes.com.
No, let's do it.
No, no, oh shit.
Here's the thing, if we still need plungers,
maybe the problem isn't our dukes,
maybe it's that the toilet pipes is too dang small.
Why haven't we made bigger toilet pipes at this point, right?
Yeah, you are talking about Mario size pipes
that you could go on an adventure down.
I'm just saying that I think the only reason
toilet pipes are so small, and I'm sorry, plumbers,
I'm sorry you have to hear me say this and blow up your spot like this,
but it's because big plumbers is keeping them small
so that they're in a job.
I'm saying, give me a big old powerful pipe
that I can send whatever size duke I make down
without having to worry about it, you know what I mean?
Why are you holding me hostage in my latrine?
Now, Travis, when he says big plumbers,
he is not talking about the plumbing industry.
He is talking about the eight and a half foot tall
sort of monster man that does come to his house
whenever they have a plumbing emergency.
Well, he lives in my house technically at this point.
Would terrorize Travis be a fair verb to use
for what the big plumber does to you?
Yeah, and you know what?
Not just physically, but emotionally.
Oh, but physically, wicked physically,
like he hurts you a lot.
But he also says mean things about how big my duke was
and how I should be embarrassed and like, this is all my fault
and I've let down everyone.
Yeah, I remember one time he said you had thick pee
and you were like, dang, that stinks.
And then he hurt you, your body.
Yeah, and then he hurt me real bad.
Then also that.
Then he also said that I use toilet paper
like a baby in a cartoon.
Yeah.
And that is true, but it still hurts.
I hate the big plumber.
I think the big plumber sucks.
But you know what?
Also, he pays his rent on time.
No, he does fine, yeah.
I've never had any problems with him
doing his chores on the chore wheel.
So like, there's that, I mean,
he's not the worst roommate I've ever had.
Can I hit you guys with this?
Please don't, I've been hurt so much.
No, okay, but this is different.
This is a, I'm gonna hit you with this idea.
It'll be light, like a cloud.
A stick that is the chore's stick.
And every house has a chore's stick.
And then you have a sort of tackle box
or perhaps a sort of like wheel that goes in your pantry
that has plunger end.
Multiple size plunger ends for Travis
when he needs a special one for his special waste.
But then there can also be broom, mop, swiffer,
fucking angled broom for cleaning off the top of your fan blades.
Which folks, you don't, nobody's gonna look up there.
You're okay.
You could also just get compressed air
for like half the jobs in your house, folks.
Yeah, it's okay.
Or you could just get chore's stick.
Careful about blowing that into your face though, folks.
Compressed air?
Yeah, don't.
Why not?
Don't do it.
It's not good for you, it's dangerous.
It's too cold.
Give yourself a fucking embolism, it's no good.
But chore's stick is safe and it's efficient.
Okay, so we got chore's stick, we got big pipes.
Justin, what have you got to solve this?
Moving.
Oh, this is a new house.
So you clog the toilet and you just pack up, move it on.
Pack your bags and move away, exactly.
It's been a long time.
Wouldn't that hurt the resale value of the befouled house?
Keep that door locked.
Tell them somebody died.
Yeah, that you break, cat, that it's the Duke of Amontillado.
You just fucking cover it up.
Don't, we don't go in there.
There's no, there used to be a, there did not.
I thought you said this was two and a half bath.
It's two bath.
Now let's move on.
Now let's move on.
It's two and a quarter bath, because I drew in the toilet.
Did you brick up your toilet?
I sure did.
It's a pee-pee one.
So it's two and a quarter, two and a quarter bath.
Just pee-pee in there and leave.
Don't ask a lot of questions.
You could pay, you could maybe, this toilet is permanently clogged,
but you could probably pee-pee it at 12 more times.
So please choose wisely while you're living in that home.
Hey man, is it cool if I use your bathroom?
No, not that one.
Well, I got four left that I'm saving up.
I got four left.
It's like that Eddie Murphy movie.
Pluto Nash?
The Clumps.
Pluto Nash.
The Clumps.
Pluto Nash.
I'd like to welcome everyone to a new segment Munch Squad Investigates.
That was terrifying.
That was really scary.
There's been a burger murder.
In this one, we're gonna find them and we're gonna put them on blast.
This is a new public service that we're doing on the Munch Squad.
We're gonna find secret restaurants and we're gonna unearth-
Wait.
How secret?
I have-
How?
Secret.
Secret because they are pretending to be a different restaurant than they are.
And I am going to help you unearth this.
I encountered this in my own life with It's Just Wings,
which popped up on DoorDash.
And I was like, ah damn, I would love some wings right now.
And Sydney looked at the menu and I said, what's on the menu?
And she she scrolled through and she said, um, It's Just Wings.
I was like, that can't be right.
Everybody's got to have some add-ons.
Turns out they also had curly fries in this heaven menu.
That did a little digging.
Yeah.
It's Chili's.
Wait.
What?
Yeah, yeah.
This restaurant that they pretended was another restaurant is actually-
It's Just Wings?
It's not Just Wings.
It's Just Chili's.
So it's Just Wings.
Just Wings.
So Chili said, we got a lot of extra wings here that we need to get rid of.
We're going to create a second DoorDash, like, landing page
where we just sell our wings and curly fries?
It's just they pretend it's a new restaurant.
A new delicious restaurant where it's just wings.
But why?
But it's not just wings.
It's just Chili's.
Don't try to fool me.
I have another one.
This is coming in hot.
I need everybody to be aware of this.
Fazzoli's is serving up deep fried wings at their first ghost kitchen in Atlanta,
which is a wild sentence now that I say it out loud.
Hachi machi.
Fazzoli's set up a secret ghost restaurant in Atlanta
to just try to figure out how to do wings good and they'll deliver them to you.
It's no big deal.
It's not the restaurants.
It's just Fazzoli's opened up a wing restaurant run by ghosts.
It's just a ghost kitchen.
And I'm actually kind of proud of them for that, if I'm being honest.
I don't like the treachery, but I do appreciate them being like,
we want to do wings, but we're too nervous to fuck it up in our real stores.
We're going to set up a whole fake front just so we can get good at wings
and then bring them to you, Travis.
The markup on wings must be wild because I got another one for you.
Neighborhood wings.
Okay.
There's neighborhood wings.
You can get them in Folsom, Pennsylvania, Columbus, Indiana,
Yonkers, New York.
Enjoy some neighborhood wings.
No, where do you?
I'm going to give you all this turned into a game.
Who makes neighborhood wings?
Applebee's.
That's right.
We got them.
Applebee's is neighborhood wings.
Stop lying.
Also, Boston Market is secretly rotisserie roast.
I'm not even going to play the sound effect because you could have guessed that one.
Why?
I'm still caught up in the psychology of this.
Why is Applebee's like, we need to move our wings?
I'll tell you why.
Okay.
This is legit.
Like, Chili's and Applebee's, like, Millennials, Gin's, Zoomers,
they're not going to Applebee's and Chili's because of the shame associated with them.
But those wings don't lie.
Like, the wings are their wings.
And so if they can call them something cool,
like Tony Hawk's extreme wings or something like that,
like something that Zoomers love, then it's, then, you know, you can do a trick on them.
So you're telling me they looked at what Chuck E. Cheese did and they said, that was great.
That's a great idea.
We're just going to do that.
Yeah.
We all know Chuck E. Cheese's Pasquale's Pizza and wings, right?
If you see a Pasquale's Pizza, you know that's Chuck E. Cheese.
I do also want to warn everyone.
Bucca di Beppo did a pizza one that's called P.Za, which I do have to give it up for.
I like that.
That's very good.
That's very good.
And one more.
Hooters open up one called Hootie's Burger Bar, which you could do better than that.
That was not a very good-
But that's a primo example.
Lesson is to tie in with Darius Rucker.
There's no Darius Rucker.
That's a primo example, though, of,
I've never been to a Hooters because of the sort of it's whole steez.
But maybe the food is phenomenal and now I can go to Hootie's
and it can be whatever I need it to be.
A little more formal, a little more refined.
I mean, you have to think the food is good at Hooters.
Why else would people go there?
Okay.
I don't actually want to talk about Hooters.
I'm sorry.
I do want to say, though, I haven't much about Junior, too.
If I could just tack this on real quick, because in these corona times,
I think that we're all sort of reeling and figuring out how to deal with it.
And the way that the Sour Patch Kids pop-up store in New York City is dealing with it
is to be open for you to go to.
Have you ever opened a bag of Sour Patch Kids candy only to think,
what if I could live in this incredible Sour Then Sweet experience?
Well, think no longer.
The Sour Patch Kids store is here.
That's right, wall-to-wall Sour Then Sweet awesomeness
right in the heart of New York City.
Express your inner Sour Patch Kids style with our new merchandise.
Elevate your sour taste buds at our sweets bar.
And of course, create your perfect candy mix
with your favorite Sour Patch Kids varieties.
And then kill your grandma.
I'm sorry, I misread.
But then it'll do something real sweet.
You'll be like, we did give you coronavirus at our candy store
that killed your grandma, but here's 10 bucks.
The kids may like pranks, but they know visitor safety is no joke.
Visitors to the Sour Patch Kids store will be required to wear face covering
at all times and maintain social distancing.
It does, there is, if you say you have,
if you're gonna be in the Sour Patch Kids New York City store,
you have to wear a face mask.
What you are saying then is by coming into the Sour Patch Kids store,
you're introducing some level of danger into your life, right?
Right.
What level of danger?
How much do you have to fucking love Sour Patch Kids?
Because for me, the amount of danger that is worth
going to the Sour Patch Kids store in New York City is zero.
It is absolute no risk to my safety or my nannies, right?
That's the absolute bare minimum.
Well, maybe it's that you've already done something else dangerous
that was worth it to you, and then you see the Sour Patch Kids store
and you're like, might as well.
I'm already out.
Hey, can I do a Yahoo?
Yes.
This one was sent in by Graham Robuck.
Thank you, Graham Robuck, who answers user Servants who asks,
what would you do if you had a friend that went with you everywhere
and kept saying, you're the man.
Yeah, you're the man.
You're the man over and over.
You know?
It'd be cool for...
How long would it be cool for?
I think a couple days.
Oh, I think up to a week.
Went everywhere with me.
Yeah, I mean, I guess that is the fine print
is that they would accompany you to the bathroom,
to the bedroom, to the changing room.
What about when I sleep?
Yeah, you're the man.
Can I still sleep?
You're the man, you're the man, you're the man.
You're sleeping so good.
I'm gonna give you some ASMR.
You're the man, Tingles.
You're sleeping so good.
I'm so proud of you.
I think it would be cool for a while.
I think it'd be cool for a while.
It would actually be not cool instantly for the three of us
because of how it would taint our audio.
Yeah, that would be a problem.
If we did have on this show the three of us,
but then three strangers in the background
all saying you're the man, yeah, you're the man,
you're the man over and over,
I think that would get grating after like half an episode.
You know what, I feel like I worry that it would
after a while become disingenuous
where he's saying you're the man.
How much are we paying this person?
Yeah, and you're like, I'm not the man.
So what I propose five days a week,
you're the man, you're the man, you're the man.
On the sixth day, you suck, you're terrible,
you're a piece of shit.
On the seventh day, nothing.
Nothing.
And then he's back from Monday through Friday.
You have a day of stewing on, I'm a real,
I'm a fucking stinker.
Right, and then he comes back and he's like,
no, don't listen to what that other guy said.
You're great.
But it's the same guy.
Maybe it's a different person.
Maybe it's a different person in the second episode.
Oh, you throw him away.
Yeah, and then the next week it's like,
or maybe, and you know what,
maybe it's just a different hat or like mustache
or whatever, I don't know.
And he's just like, that last guy was a liar.
You're great.
I feel like it would negate when other people
in my life tell me I'm the man.
Oh, I see.
It would be kind of less impactful.
It would take away your ability to appreciate
being the man, you know?
Then how about maybe, let's tweak it a bit.
They're just asking you, are you the man?
And it's up to you to answer.
So it's building your own self-confidence.
And eventually he's going to say,
now you're the man and he'll leave, right?
Forever?
Yeah, you don't need him anymore.
The power's in you because he's asked enough.
He doesn't say you're the man now.
He says, now you're the man.
That keeps us out of finding Forester trademark territory,
which I do appreciate from a legal perspective.
But instead, it's just asking you
until you find the confidence with him
that you don't need him there anymore.
And then he leaves and moves on.
And maybe he just moves on to your next door neighbor.
He doesn't have far to go.
There's only one of him.
And he has to kind of cover the whole world.
So he can really only give you like a week.
So you need to get your shit together.
I do, I mean, we're talking about someone who-
Wait, hey, can we jump back to earlier in the episode
when you were talking about a dog bag full of dookie
and it's Johnny Appleseed
and pretend that I said Johnny Crappleseed?
No, actually.
Fuck, fuck.
Too far away.
Okay, sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm thinking about it.
And like a friend that goes with you everywhere you go,
who's like, you're not the man yet.
You're not the man.
No, you're not the man.
And I do kind of already have that.
But the friend is inside me.
The friend's just my brain.
Yes.
Now see, I have the opposite.
Yeah, you do have this friend.
I don't like how gendered it is though.
Okay.
Yeah, I do.
Maybe if we had a little bit more specific,
like you're the man, which man?
The man with the power.
This is inevitable.
What about just like, you're the best?
No, that's too-
Well, yeah, because man is the best, Travis.
I'm glad we're finally fucking drawing a line in the sand.
You're doctor shit.
Or that something?
Yeah.
Because doctor is gender neutral.
You're the best rapper in the world.
You're doctor cool.
You're the esteemed professor shit with tenure.
You're professor shit emeritus.
I think it would be more useful to me in my day-to-day life
to have someone who follows me around
and tells other people that I'm the man.
Yeah.
Get a load of this guy, he's the man.
This guy's doctor shit.
This guy's doctor shit, look at him.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Hey, are you getting pumped for this guy?
This guy's doctor shit.
He went to shit medical school for seven years for this.
Get out of the way, here comes Judge Cool.
Hey, everyone, it's me, Judge Cool.
I would love to have that in my marriage, just like,
hey, Sydney, are you getting a load of this fucking guy?
Look how much broccoli he's eating.
I'm going wild over here.
I can't believe you're missing this
to pay attention to your kids.
Look at this guy, he's putting it away.
This is the thing, right?
That we're all jealous of 90s hip-hop artists for, right?
The hype man.
None of it, you can't have a hype man in day-to-day life.
I can't be walking around and someone's like,
Travis, rocking them jeans.
Like, I can't do that.
I want that, we all want that.
We all want it.
We all want a hype man whose entire existence
is just about like that they are revolving around us
and they are the more eel to our great white shirt.
We all want that.
A sort of emotional pilot fish, if you will.
Yes.
I'm not sure we all want that.
No, I wicked don't want that.
You don't want a hype person?
I want silence sometimes.
Right now, for instance, is a good time.
Well, I can give that to you, Griffin,
by way of saying that thank you for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my mother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We are so happy that you made a little time to hang out with us.
It's been a delight, as always.
And thank you.
I was just going to say, you know,
but I'm just going to say get out there and register to vote.
If you're not registered to vote,
get out there and register to vote.
And I'm going to say don't vote for Donald Trump in the 2020 election.
I'm just going to say that to you.
Yeah, that would be actually a very bad thing to do.
And don't do that.
Don't do that.
So register your vote and then maybe use that vote
to oppose the candidate that might actually win again.
Or no, use that vote.
Here he goes.
To vote for the candidate that might actually win against Donald Trump
so that Donald Trump does not continue to be president.
Wow, fit that on a sign, folks.
I'm fucking motivated.
Yeah, so register to vote and use that vote against Donald Trump.
Also, make sure you're signed up for mail-in ballot
because that's going to be the best, safest way to do it this time.
Thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Thank you also to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for using our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It shreds, rips, slaps.
It's so fucking good.
And I think that's it.
Y'all want that final?
Oh, oh, oh.
Absolutely.
We wrote a book about podcasting that you can pre-order up beyond January
and go to the macroypodcastingbook.com.
It's called Everybody Has a Podcast Except You.
It's good and you'll enjoy it
and it'll teach you how to make a podcast you're proud of.
It's got jokes and lessons.
This is finally Yahoo sent in by the prospector Merritt Palmer.
Thank you, Merritt.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Diana, who asks,
what is the best vintage children's book about horses that's not well known?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org
Comedy and culture
Artist owned
Audience supported
