The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists. He's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother brother and me and if I show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin the flamingo McElroy
Hello, I'm Travis the biggest dog
McElroy the middle this brother woof woof. It's Griffin. Hi
Hello
It's such a delight to talk to you griff. We haven't talked since your you got a new son
I got one. I got a I'd put it. I did a pre-order on a new son and
Yeah, I got a brand new son. I got great pre-order bonuses
Like see I decided to wait until they could fix all the bugs. Yeah, but this one's got a
glitch or two
Yeah, this one's got this one's got a few it needs a little bit more QA, you know what I'm saying
vis-a-vis diaper stuff, but we're all happy to be here. A couple leaks
There's been a few leaks to the press on this one
And no, I just love them two bits and I'm just really
I'm stoked. I'm stoked to be here stoked for you guys had a great episode last week. That was big and then
You know yahoo set my fucking house on fire with me and my family inside of it
Yeah, which was cool with them
Like I was like, I just got the kid to sleep and he saw him dreaming having smiles and what's he dreaming about?
I don't know cuz he doesn't fucking know anything
So like I was thinking about that and the and then yahoo came and burned my house down
And I thought that that was pretty fucked up
Personally speaking they what I mean, I can't I don't want to make too much for the thing out of it
But you definitely know that they were waiting until they knew yeah, sure
No question hard for it not to feel targeted. Yeah, it feels very targeted
like I don't know how at least I guess I talked about it on the podcast that you know that I was gonna be out the
following week and then
Marissa is that the yahoo I get or did Verizon do it?
Was it the can you hear me now guy? Who the fuck do I need to like intimidate?
To stop this thing
Because I'm not done like I'm not done fighting if you think I am that you because this is your first episode listening to my brother
My brother I mean Griffin is getting to vote every waking moment from this point on. Yeah, he's got nothing
He's clear to schedule. Yeah, and what's great about it is that I have a lot more waking moments now
Than I did, you know a couple weeks ago
So I'm not fucking kidding. I
I I don't know what I don't know what it looks like
This this campaign. I've never really done one like this before
I mean there was that one time I tried to get the show ed back on the air and I
Cuz it that was the only shit made me happy and
For that one you asked that everyone send a bowling alley to NBC
Every that was the first step and the second step is they had to change their everybody legally changed their names to Ed
But one word like Prince
anyway
I'm just so fucking happy to be here guys. You did a great episode last week. Oh, thanks Griff
We recorded that, you know a couple years back, but it was nice to finally get it out there. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely
I have a I have a bit of a big announcement to you
Yeah, well, it's come to my attention that and this is gonna really be hard for you guys
There's gonna be a shock for you guys to hear. This is feeling like a bit
No, no, no that that
Apparently there are some folks out there who don't think
that
Sad lives and riddle me piss
And and play along at home are funny. All right. All right
And so I decided and this is hard to say but to temporarily
Permanently temporarily put them on hiatus. Okay. All right, and in place I've got a new a new segment here
Down and Travis I do want you to know that I am going to be judging this thinking of it as the thing that is
Gonna replace yahoo answer so a bit that we do three to four times per episode
So absolutely bring the fuck bring the fuck ins bring that stinky heat. I think you will see Griffin this
Has legs. All right, they Sam so it's called work of fart. All right
This is gonna be so good. I'm already fucking excited. Yeah, the dog is back
So what we've got here what what I've done here is I've taken some
Classic literary works, right?
But I've taken their titles and I've pund them so that they contain a word referencing
feces
Travis this is nice is a fucking bad idea man
So I will I will give you I'll give you the description
Travis I love you so much. Uh-huh. You know my love for you the size of it. Yeah. Yeah, I do
Tell me how much you think I love you to the moon and back Griffin. That's from the
Bullshit, that's bullshit. You fucking nut brown hair. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about how much I love you
It's so much I do anything for you. And that's not a dog out of his cage, please dog
Come on out. So I will give you the description of the book you try to guess the punny title. Okay, okay
Wait, wait, wait, hold on
You're okay. Yes. Okay. I understand the bit. Yes. Okay. Yes. This is the story of
multiple towns made of feces
Yes, this is a little too shitty. Oh so close tale of poo cities, but
Yes, very good
Very good. Like my wife's not very good. We've got it wrong. My wife listens to this show
Oh when you need to murder a poop that's been making fun of you
To kill a mocking turd. Yes
But it sucks though, like I fucking hate that I got it. It's comedy boy
Now this is gonna be a tough one this is gonna be a tough one cuz there's
Like we're better than dookie humor though
I did this book in summer reading and so I have to assume that it is well-known enough it just a plain old anus
Just a plain old anus, this is a tough one. Wait, I think I got it
Is it ordinary butthole ordinary poop hole
Okay, and this was just a bonus one a Stephen King horror novel that takes
Maybe uncomfortable to be in that
Yeah
Griffin complained the most about that bit. I got every single
Like fucking Deathstroke the Terminator Charles could barely get about yeah was blown about the air. Yeah
No, I feel like you're afraid of being on that wavelength
But you are deeply deeply genetically connected to it
Like, you know, it's there no, but it's just we it's just our comedy is there. It means a lot to people
And so we when we just talk about
just
My wife listens to this show
And my worry Griffin is that we've been too
Intellectual for the whole time, right? And I think it would be nice if we had one segment that was just pure aisle
Yeah, that was just that one or maybe yeah, I have slightly less
I don't know
Intellectual slightly less highbrow audience. We do a lot of Fraser jokes
Yeah, and those are done now work of art
I can't believe you said that word actually out loud because we made certain assurances to our audience
I just want to say let's not let's let's put a pin in it
And keep workshopping it ultimately though. We're not gonna need to replace
The yahoo answers segments because it's not the website is not going to go away
It's not denial
And what's great is it and a lot of people won't tell you this is that if you stay on
Denial and don't do like the least the less fun
stages of grief. Mm-hmm, then
It's okay. You can just chill on tonight. You know what? I mean like denial. Okay anger. Oh, no one wants to be angry depression
I don't think so bargaining can be kind of fun
But denial if you just live there for a bit then it's like it did way better than acceptance way better
Well, you know, it's not a shorter road to ho
Yeah, you know Griffin I heard what you just if you just stay
Like with the tab open for yahoo answers. Oh, they even when they quote-unquote shut it down. You're still in there
That's it. Last one out turn off the turn out the lights
Well, they can't come to my computer and turn off my screen because that's not how a computer would work
They can't get rid of all the floppies that you saved the entire website on to
Exactly. Can I start with it? Yeah, can I read it? Yeah, well I say start
This is the set now the second bit in the show third if you count the intro and then Travis's new segment
Is a yahoo and I want it. Can I read it?
Well, this one's sent in by the wizard Ben can't thank you. Thank you, Ben. It's yahoo answers user slip who asks
Could the president get a sick face tattoo?
This post isn't about politics. Oh, thank God
Could the president get a sick face tattoo Congress arguably has no power to stop the president from just hopping into a tattoo parlor
And getting some rad tats on their face
No, if they wanted to could the president United States get their face absolutely tatted up and I will extend this to
full
You know cheetah sleeves like the whole nine. I actually think okay. I
Griffin I think that that is actually two different
Things right because imagine a president and like I'm not talking about the current president
I'm saying like kind of a faceless amorphous idea of
President capital a president and rolls up there's been oh no, there's been a tornado, right?
Devastation everywhere president rolls up looks around rolls up their sleeves and starts picking shit up with their
Like with it's fucking awesome. Like it's just fucking sleeves all the way up. Like I mean has anybody ever seen
President Joe Biden with his shirt off
Hey, let me ask. Hey, hey, hey. Hey guys. Hey, let me ask you a question. Okay?
You ever seen a picture of Joe Biden with his shirt off
Let's head to Google. Can somebody can don't Google it
Can someone give me a picture of Joe Biden shirtless, please?
Can I have a new detain? Can I can I have a nude Biden, please?
So we've got an onion article is the top result. Oh, then it's not then it's they already did it
They already did the damn joke say Justin. Hey juice as long as you're on the onion
Can you check and see if they did a thing where they replaced the words of book titles with poop synonyms?
Just check and see if they did that one already too
I'm hitting a paywall guys. There's a paywall, you know, it's right. It's so good
They they're charging for it. That's if the president already has sleeve tattoos, right? You never hear about like
today the president went to
The tattoo parlor and got a cool and got a cool tattoo on his face
I say though that if you're the president though, and you brought that pole
I think I get Banksy to like do your face tattoo. Yeah, sure. I think you could definitely probably get Banksy to do your face
tattoo because I bet Banksy
Would love that real estate to like say something all but fucking Banksy though. He would say you would write something like
President shithead on him
See it or I guess straight words cuz then he couldn't read it in the mirror cuz the mirror mirror makes things backwards
Oh like war pig. Oh, that's
That's great. But like we get him but like from his perspective maybe like it's on his chin
So when he looks down on it, it says like great Biden on it, or maybe it's yeah
Maybe it's like I feel don't know that great Biden backwards is war pig
No, it's one of the it's like you you know that that font where you look at one way and it's like life and you look
At the other way, it's like go death. You know what I mean?
Like that kind of thing and one way it's war pig in the other way. It's great Biden
Great by didn't or maybe it's just like a rhombus. Is there a rebate?
What where it's just like a picture of a jet plus?
Rebo
It's a Prius it's a Prius and Joe Biden's look at the Prius and he's like plane hog
It's like yeah. Yeah. Yeah plane hog
regular hog
Plane old hog man. I talk about Reince Priebus lie. He was chief of staff further our previous
Stinker of a president and I didn't I guess I didn't know the gentleman's
Back background, but that's one of few days. It's going a few days, but
He could he'd look pretty good with some
tattoos
Let me see if there's a shirtless Priebus
Can I get shirtless?
Right the biggest risk would be that if the president one day got face tattooed somebody invoking the
25th right back
I don't know about this, but I think that depends on what you got like what the tattoo is
Yes, if it's bitchin if it's bitchin. Yeah, come back. Oh
Then maybe like the the opposition's like I guess we should pass that bill
Mm-hmm. Look how cool they look right that could be a power if it just comes back and it's oh and it's bitchin
Yeah, they don't they don't talk about that a lot of just like oh man
They passed this really unpopular bill that sucks, but Ted Cruz looked so cool today
And so we had like we did his well, that's the realm of fiction Griffin. That's never going to happen
I don't know man. You seen that beard. That's a dude who doesn't piss his pants anymore because he likes the feeling of the warm
Water on his legs. He's moved on from that. He likes big. Yeah. Hey, he likes big boy stuff now
like like he likes fucking he's he's what currently watching the wire and also
And he gets why everyone liked it. He's a man now. He's a real man. He's a real big man. This man eats ribs
Yeah
With extra sauce something he loves more than eating a rib while I he pees in his pants
No, no joke. No, I don't do that anymore Justin
His favorite Disney Park is California adventure
He's a real man. I heard he saw the Joker and he was like this makes a lot of sense to me
And I get it. He got damaged tattooed on his head
Yes, and that's why they passed his big bill. I didn't want him to do it. It's me Ted
Sorry, I can't talk on the phone now. Me and my daughters are watching Reservoir Dogs. We're not scared at all
I can watch all the Reservoir Dogs and I don't get scared even a little bit on a school night
On a school night? It's fucking Thursday, baby. Yeah, it's 1115
I got another five to ten in me. Don't let this party stop. And we door-dashed
BW3s. I got the spicy wings. Yeah, not number tens, but it's like a seven out of ten on the school scale
Yeah, I couldn't do like the you know, the blazons, but it's hot man. These are not milds
Some days my distaste for Ted Cruz is the only thing keeps me going. Oh for sure. Yeah last night
I was like blacking out trying to get my son to to please drink this bottle
Please drink this bottle and then I was I started to actually pass out and then I remembered how much I fucking hate Ted Cruz
And it it gave me a real a real boost of adrenaline that I couldn't quite explain
It's funny because sometimes I feel like my hatred of Ted Cruz and my hatred of Mike Huckabee
They like to fight like imagine if a giant gorilla
Yeah, I'm like a giant lizard. We're fighting for supremacy. Yeah, except the end result was which one of these two
Absolute dipshits do I hate more right now? That's kind of where I'm at. You know, I really hope this doesn't come off as performative gang
I really fucking hate Ted Cruz a lot. He sucks major shit big time. Yeah, big time. Yeah
Hey, how about it's me? Yes
Question. Yeah, I wanted I was about to deliver one. Okay for the first time in my life. I have an awesome office job
It's how long I've been podcasting came as the office anymore. I've got an office job
My boss strives for close-knit and fun vibe
Oh, I however don't aim to be very social at work the other day
I made a joke in front of my boss and he said I should channel that energy more awesome
How can I come across this fun-loving and social when I am NOT and that's from grouching Grand Rapids
Hey, do you hear this one? Do you hear what Tom said? He said where do where do cows go to look at art the
Museum channel that energy more time. Hey, hey. Hey, I know your whole thing
Quiet guy, right?
No, don't do that. I want one joke a day on my desk
I want you to come on my office once a day and tell me a joke right down the barrel baby, or you're fucking fired
I
You're gonna have fun at work are you gonna have fun at home? Yes, these are two choices
We've already got a Toby. We've already got an Oscar. We need a gym here. You're that Jim
I just walked by your desk. I looked in the trashcan
And I saw all the couch balls. I gave you yesterday to have fun with in the office. I'm fucking fuming man
I know you don't see here. Are you sitting huh? Are you sitting on a regular chair?
I thought we said exercise balls. Do we not say exercise balls?
Hey, you haven't even open the nerf hoop. Hey
That's nerf. Hope I got it for you
$7 the money doesn't go on trees and then your neuro folks, but they might go on your door. Just put a nerf hoop up
It kind of seems like you're always working hard and you're almost never hardly working. Yeah
Um, it's important that we do both. I know you're meeting all your quotas just barely but do you have time for softball?
This is not asked for ten minutes a day
For joke construction and oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's saying this is fine. I will bring this energy
I'm gonna need ten minutes paid on the clock to come up with a fucking banger and then a five-minute cooldown after
right and
It's just they walk by your desk and it's like what do you listen to there? And it's it's funny stand-up comedy from
Everybody's favorite comedians like Andrew Dice Clay
Just listen to some greatest hits it's it's oh man Andrew Dice Clay again, huh? Yeah, I guess so
Yeah, damn. I had to Google the best the
Famous comedians to do that. I found a list and fucking Michael Richards is number 12 on the list. Are you sure guys? I'm back
Well, oh wait. Yeah. Wait, what was this search term?
Wife will beg it. This is the most controversial comedians of all time and all of a sudden. This makes a lot more sense
Yeah, it's up there
Yeah, the fact that Andrew Dice Clay and Michael Richards is on the list Griffin made me wonder what your search terms were
I searched cool guys
Cool guys to hang out with Griffin's personal heroes folks with a real hearty funny bone
Comedy like it used to be
Classic like your grandpa laughed at right, right
This sucks so bad
Yeah, but maybe there's something in you know, you did crack one joke and it does make you wonder maybe there's a
Joker deep down inside of you, you know kind of a funny boy. Oh, yeah
Okay, and you got a awakened nerd. Why don't you just try to nurture your funny boy? I'm just saying do it on company time
Yeah, for sure to channel that energy. Oh, this is good because like at best you find a funny within right?
And now you're another funster, right?
But at worst you're not good at it and maybe your boss will be like, hey don't channel that energy anymore
Hey, I see you working really hard to channel that energy. You need you to stop channeling that energy. Yeah, you're too funny
Well get anything done. I am kind of fixated on this sentence. I
However, don't aim to be very social at work. That's a very interesting about a boundary you've set for yourself
Yeah, like you got to work and you're like I get this I get it. I'm just not gonna I
Don't know. I'm not I'm really not gonna connect with anybody
Versus a level. This is the decision I've made. I will say I kind of get so I am a very social person, right?
but when I had office jobs, I would oftentimes be like the first person there and
There was a certain magic right up until the first time I had to interact with somebody, right?
Cuz even though I was there that time was mine. Oh, you know now it's my like hangout
I'm there doing the thing and as soon as someone else came in it's like, oh, hey Travis was like, oh
Now it's worth just working. I get that so I think if I got an office job now
I would see if I could go the whole day without that
I think that that would be a very fun game to see how long I could go without
encountering
Another person they don't have that option. It doesn't yeah. Well, that's a side. That's open to them. You know, it's
Well, well, hold on. It sounds like Travis has like a scheme
I'm just saying that like maybe that's the thing the energy you could start to channel is
A lot more maybe like doing your work from hidden places from the vents
The work is getting done, but they never see who does it. That's cool
That's that and then they're chatting in the break room like hey, did you see WandaVision last night?
And they're like that show went off the air like a month ago Griffin
You should learn some new television shows and then you reach over to take a bite of your sandwich, but it's gone
Yep, and then you look over at the nearby vent and it's sliding closed and you know, that's Terry
Yep, he doesn't write Terry the vent person this office bad boy and local person that lives
and wall person
Um
How about another do you have more yahoo? I feel like it's now a non-renewable resource
Yeah, sure. Let me burn some of my some of my fuel here. How about I ask another question?
We'll save now cuz this one's this one's really fucking good. No, I read it
It's also from Ben Ben can't the wizard really cast a spell on me this week with these great yahoos
There's just a thing
There's an alert at the top of the page now that says that they're gonna shut down on May 4th
They it's shutting down on May 4th
But starting on April 20th the sacred holiday for weed funny stuff
It is when they are not gonna allow you to write any more questions
So really that's pretty much when it dies doesn't that make you think that that's their highest traffic day then they're like, yeah
We don't want to go through another 420. Do you guys think it's kind of weird that like I
Don't want to I don't want to distract but
May 4th will now be the day that Yahoo answer shut down and the day that we did the worst live show
We've ever done or that anyone's ever done in their entire life
And I feel like maybe we need to be a little bit. I'm starting to get like I love Star Wars
Yeah, don't get me wrong. I'm starting to get a little skittish about that date
Cuz this is the second really bad thing that's happened on a May 4th. Yeah
Okay, I it's hard for me to hold that against Star Wars Justin cuz you know Phantom Menace just means so much to me
Travis loves that flick. We agree that them
Stopping new questions on 420 and then shutting it down on Star Wars days fucking it's pretty fun
Really targeted yeah, it's good
But I do like that
I do like that they thought we'll leave two weeks where people to finish answering the questions that are already there. Oh, dude
It's read only you're not even answering shit. It's just like we're gonna give you two weeks to fucking
Brush up on all the great stuff. I
Hope the thing that you wanted to know is something that somebody else has also wanted to know and asked on Yahoo answers and that
helpful people
Beating the odds came to their assistance. You have two weeks. Good luck. The fucking hunt is on. Good luck rat race
Sure, yeah, thank you Ben can't it's an anonymous Yahoo answers user who I'm gonna call
Jeffy asks
Do all cowboys kill or do some have a no kill rule like superheroes?
Hmm
Okay, yeah
There's a lot of bad. There's a lot of bad cowboys out there who like quicken the dead
They're like shooting each other and they're not getting back up. They're yeah, they are they are dead
And they're shooting each other in that movie without any kind of hesitation. Yeah as fast as they can
It's kind of the thing
Significance seven. I think one of them like shoots a dynamite and blows up a bunch of guys. So yeah
Those guys are dead. You can't tell me they're not dead. That's TNC. Is this is this a a
Like zero or all thing of like what if a cowboy just kills once is that?
Then are they a killer or are they just like a murdering one person makes you a murderer. Okay? Okay, okay
I'm just saying that like on the scale, right? Yeah
They're probably some cowboy like maybe that there is a margin for cowboy murder
No, it's just an acceptable level like well that cowboy only killed five people when they be cool
if like more cowboy movies ended with like
The the police showing up and they're like, what have you all done? Yeah, there are still laws. You can't do this
well, I think most I think the
All West police are in are embroiled in this in the all you needed back then was a star a metal star
That's true. Whatever you want. Yeah, what if the real cops showed up and like we're excuse me
We're the real police and this is a person with a metal star on their chests and they're going to real jail. I
Think that there should be more cowboy movies in which the cow yes period but also that the cowboys do kill
But with kindness and you don't see that I think cowboy movies where the bad guys like I'm taking over this whole town
Railroads coming through here. This is mine and the Cowboys are like
Okay, we'll help you move and clean up and maybe we'll show you thing about what it means to really love
Oh, I thought you were talking about like cowboy hospice
Which I don't know what that looks like
I know I'm ready to I am I am ready to transition to the next plane and oh
I want a tinder transition and I want to be surrounded by loved ones and one cowboy
Partner I went and these are these are all the special medicines we're gonna use and it's gonna be a gentle tinder time
You're gonna be pushing up daisies, but it'll be pleasant passing. Don't worry. Don't worry
Worry, we'll lay you to rest in Boothill with all your love
You see the undertaker measuring them and the president's like, oh thank god
It seems kind of perplexing that more cowboy movies don't have a scene where they come like the cowboy and they're like listen
The there's a lot of bad dudes and they're taking over the town and they're running it and the cowboy never says like actually
Have a lot of cow related business
Like you're looking for like, I'm probably a murderer
Murderer I actually have like cow shit
Literally, I know I've helped you out before with like some gun-related
Activities and that was so cool. But if you look at all these fucking cows, they're not gonna boy themselves
I was saying I've got cow things was was there just one really cool rancher in history who inspired this whole
Mythos that was just like oh man bad dudes are coming to town
Well, you need to get up to fucking Jefferson's steers and stuff and go ask for Jefferson
Cuz that dude is off his fucking nut and he will absolutely kill
Things cow and murdering
He has he makes the good milk and he fucking kills lots and lots and lots of people
He is fucking wild that dude go get Jefferson. There's a reason that he works in a slaughter related industry
Right, it would be like if in 200 years
There's a movie we're like and there was only one man if people could turn to the forklift
Much like all forklift operators. He was a fucking crazy murderer
They would call him like fork boys
Yeah, he's carrying a bunch of barrels. What's he gonna do with those barrels?
Damn you lifting fork boys. He palleted us again. Damn damn put dropped a pallet on my son
To be fair my son was killing other folk to you
Motorcycles kind of a steel horse. Oh my god, just you're right. That's awesome. Fuck dude. That's cool
You say the coolest shit sometimes
Okay, say something cool about
Like Frankie said I did it my way. Yeah
Fuck yeah, cool thing to say too. That's cool. And like a old Vegas like it's like an old Vegas Martini guy way
Do you know any Michael Buble lyrics sir
What Michael Buble? He's cool, right? I know some of the melodies
The you know
So has big Vegas Martini guy energy and I'm here for yeah, I love him I think I
Let's kind of create a Michael Buble a character
For this show my brother. Okay. Okay. Well, okay. So he doesn't like I feel like he's here and he's like do a little crooning
Hey guys, how's it going? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good start
What's this thing that kind of makes him a freak that like one of our own not Michael Buble who seems like a perfectly normal?
Maybe he's the lounge singer who just loves to murder. I don't know with it. I just got that stuck in my head
Hey, can we go to the money zone? Yeah workshop workshop workshop next week
I'm gonna come back with my hit Michael Buble a character
Being a parent is hard and I find it pretty smooth and simple really I love it. Don't get me wrong
These two stinkers, they're great, but it's tough and it's even harder that it's even harder when you're an entrepreneur and so
This is gonna be this is gonna be an advertisement for a zip recruiter. Oh
Okay, we don't do that enough. Do we we don't like right up top say like we're about to talk about stance calm
Yeah, and then launch into the intro
So okay zip recruiters here to help you out help out all those moms and dads who are trying to hire their businesses while juggling their families
Let me tell you about CEO and founder. Don't juggle your weight. Don't juggle your family
No, cuz they're probably different sizes CEO and founder Talia Goldstein is one such mom proven or mom
They put mom preneur, but they they have damn cut out a whole syllable mom trip on her newer
Yeah, maybe I know why they did that now. She needs to hire several matchmakers a month for her personalized matchmaking company
So she uses it recruiter and their technology helps her find the right people for her job
Quickly, in fact four out of five employers who post on zip recruiter get a quality candidate within the first day right now
You can try zip recruiter for free at zip recruiter comm slash my brother. That's zip recruiter comm slash my brother
Do you think that people who make?
Like the actual physical like, you know
Swipe it on the end of the box and light a fire matches are mad that matchmakers claimed the term matchmakers
Yeah, yeah, cuz what are they? What are they now? Yeah, well burn stick doers to fuck
I want to tell you about glasses. I wear them Griffin wears them. Sometimes Justin wears them for effect
Warby Parker is creating blue tea quality. I wear a revolutionary price point. I'm not so wonderful
I remember before Warby Parker corner by glasses. Oh, and I'm being like how much is this? Yeah
I'll just take that clunky pair
Please go into lens crafters and they'll be like, so how do you want to be bullied?
You can you can decide what you'll look like when you're bullied and I don't know if we're allowed to talk about
Competitors in a negative way, but more like lens crafters
Yeah
So Warby Parker is committed to providing exceptional vision care online and in stores offering eyeglasses sunglasses eye exams and contact lenses
glasses start at just
$95 and that includes prescription lenses and they have sunglasses progressives and blue light sent lenses and they're all available at Warby Parker
So you take the quiz you order try on a home kit, which I love because they come you see if it works
And if it doesn't you send them away with me
Hey exactly that back into the darkness. I'm wearing Warby Parker's right now. They are so stylish so comfortable
And that try on program. I can't stress enough
I have a giant head and fighting glasses that actually fit is a challenge
So being able to try them on at home is incredible and you can try it now
They're free home try on program you order five pairs of glasses and you try them on at home for free for five days
There's no obligation to buy it ships free and includes a prepaid return shipping label
So try on five pairs of glasses at home for free at Warby Parker comm slash my brother
Bria what's your reader wheelhouse a woman on a journey space post-apocalyptic roads and magical food
Mallory, what's your reader wheelhouse werewolves haunted houses weird fiction and
Books set in Florida for some reason we're reading glasses and we want to know what your reader wheelhouse is
We can use it to help you find more books that you love and avoid books that you don't
So whatever you like to read about and however you like to read it. We want to help you read better
Reading glasses every Thursday on Maximum Fun
Oh boy, Justin's drunk
I want to munch
Squad
I want to munch
Squad
Welcome to Munch Squad
Welcome to Munch Squad with the podcast of the podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating. I don't know why I mispronounced that word
I've only said podcasting seven or eight times in my life, right?
I've only ever read it. I've never seen it. I want to share two great things with you guys today
The first is very brief, but I did want to mention this is a headline on QSR
Which is my number one source for brand eating related news. Here's the headline
It's gonna take more than a pandemic to stop A&W
Come at them. They got good hot dogs fucking try it
Hey A&W. Can we actually pause for a second and talk about hubris? Yeah
I'm not sure that you want to invite like what is that the best you got universe?
We're gonna talk a little bit. We're gonna check in on Kevin Basner
Who's one of my favorite CEOs in the game spit and fire every day?
Just here's here's a quote to give you a little bit of Kevin Basner flavor
Sales started going up about ten weeks into the pandemic
and
He said I think we every week we were pinching ourselves. Is this a bump?
Is this a head fake? Are we going to go back into the dumpster tomorrow?
Oh boy
Listen I'm a straight shooter folks
It's just a great
Because the implications there that there was a week a few weeks before that when CEO Kevin Basner is like
Hey guys, we're in the fucking dumpster right now. We need to get out the fuck together. Our only hope is that a pandemic hits
Hey Todd, you've been working on that pandemic virus that we're gonna spread around right? All right to boost our root beer sales
Because we okay they went back to one of the things they point out is that they
Stop making like when the yum brands own them
they were they're getting the root beer in a bag and it was coming in the bag and they put the fountain machine and
Now they're a hundred percent of stores are just making the root beer there
They're making it in the store and w sells root beer three to one against other soft. Fuck. Yes farm-to-market sarsaparilla
Yeah, absolutely, man
and then
Just a lot of that though can be credited to when you go to an A&W and they ask you what you want to drink
If you say like coke they go really really do you really?
really
Really until you finally what they do is they say if you like coke, this is gonna drive you wild
This is just a quote from the article
This is not Kevin Basner one thing that doesn't get talked about enough
Especially in lockdown stretches is how drive-thru Blair's a we're open signal to guests
It's the herd counter to quarantine life. Whoa, is it safe to eat at a restaurant?
Well, ten cars were lined up outside A&W. That's a fucking wire
That's humanity in a nutshell, right? I guess it is one of the thing that I think they literally
Referred to human beings as a herd. They're lining up to the trough to eat right? Yeah, it's a fast-food website
What do you want certain restaurants added a second menu board to handle elevated traffic?
That's one way of an interesting way of helping deal with kovat. Here's another a
Kansas location even created quote bubbles
For employees to wear and guard themselves from the virus and the elements
They had a tablet underneath the plastic and could talk to guests and the article
Continues from there and does not stop and like hold on. I know you're wondering what the fuck we're even talking about
So let us pause for a second explain the A&W bubbles that we trapped employees in for the kovat time
I have never more in my life
Where should they had interviewed the person that they were talking about then I do right that I need this one
Wildcat because they didn't say what they don't say. It's not like the one cat that invented the like
You know
Filet-o-fish and then McDonald's is like good idea. We'll go we'll do that the other ones
This is just one wildcat that did this an A&W was like, huh? Good effort. Hey cool
Hey, maybe you shouldn't talk to everybody about this like super good effort
We really wish maybe that maybe that employee do that found she was gonna roll in that day
And he really wanted to knock his socks off really make a good impression
Here's the real story White Castle launches birthday cake on a stick, huh?
And then the last word that headline is dessert, which yeah, okay, I gathered not a savory app
Oh now
White Castle a family-owned business since 1921. Happy 100th birthday White Castle
They formally kicked off the 100th birthday on March 10th with special events and offers to continue throughout the year
This month the fast-food innovator unveils a few crave worthy items
Oh, yeah, Justin do you you spend a lot of time in the QSR you spend a lot of time in that realm, right?
Not a not a compliment
No, do you think that quick service restaurants have used the word crave so much that it's lost all meaning
Yeah, 100% crave is meaningless now. Okay in
1927 Billy Ingram the founder of White Castle and great-grandfather of the current generation at the helm
Invented restaurant carryout by offering a bag of sliders that could be purchased specifically to take home and
Before that nothing and what were bags for? No one knew. Hey, can I can I have this food?
But I want to eat it at home. No
Can I have three hamburgers you're being fucking ridiculous. Are you gonna carry one on your head?
Alongside that innovation came one of the industry's most recognized taglines
Buy them by the sack. Oh, yeah that replaced their old
Tagline bring a hand-darned sack from home
Fill it with our burger, but I pop up come get a sack
Today the traditions continue to White Castle restaurants where a 10 sack of sliders is available at any time
Morning noon or night because I guess denying people the right to do that at a White Castle would actually be insane
Why would you even be open?
um, there's a special tin sack offer that covers cravers for the meal, but often
There's a special tin sack offers cover craver
For the meal. I'm gonna try to make it. Yeah, say it again. Are you missing? Stop like this is not one of my like little goof-a-boats.
The special tin sack offers cover cravers for the meal. Are you missing any words? Are you dropping words Justin?
I'm gonna slack it to you guys so you can see I'm saying it fucking verbatim.
The special tin sack offers cover cravers for the meal, but often dessert is essential particularly when celebrating something special.
Travis, I would have said this to you, but just put it in slack read this read the sentence. Oh God
Just read it. The special tin sack offers cover cravers for the meal
But often dessert is essential particularly when celebrating something special
Wow, so we've offered cover cravers for the meal. That's that's standard
Mark your calendar for April 18th
Just write it up there. Nothing weird about it because White Castle is gonna begin offering its new sweet edition
Birthday cake on a stick now that seems like a wild promotion, but it's actually just joining
The lineup of dessert favorites, which includes fudge dip cheesecake on a stick
Fudge dip brownie on a stick and gooey butter cake on a stick
The birthday cake variation features a vanilla cake base with white frost
Topped with blue white and orange sprinkles this limited time dessert offering is perfect for celebrating 100 years of cravings
now listen
When it's late in the night, and I've lost all sense of self-control when it comes to eating because you know
Life is hard sometimes
That sounds great. I would totally destroy three of those. Yeah, it sounds pretty good
Jamie Richardson's the veep over at White Castle and he says
Throughout this year throughout the year. We're inviting cravers to be part of the festivities
Oh, thank God
So pass around the birthday cake on a stick and let's celebrate the next 100 years and now that I mentioned it
Probably don't pass around. Don't do that. Hey, there is a global don't do that
Unless you've had all did you have all three vaccines then you can pass around birthday cake on a stick go nuts
I like what that implies because that implies that it's like a birthday party and there's cake for everybody
But that's like if I had a birthday party and everybody came to my party and I said, okay cool
Do you want some cake? It's $3.99 a piece
It does look kind of good though
It kind of looks like one of those little Debbie's like a little Debbie, but somebody but someone fucking stabbed it
It looks like a little Debbie that someone desecrated
Do you think hey folks when you break when you're done with your birth cake?
You got cake on a stick and they mentioned this specifically and it says here Kevin Richardson then added
Please don't bring the stick back to White Castle
we've had so many people and their hearts are in the right place asking if we wanted the sticks back for other birthday cakes and
We had to tell him no the stick is there's the key which they have a hard time believing because it's a pretty good stick
I'll think it does not say that
Yeah, it's all in there
Man, do you think if you're in the White Castle and you like take a fork and just kind of push the cake off the stick?
Onto a plate that one of the employees comes in is like we don't do table cake and they just take it away from
No table cake at the White Castle
Don't dirty a dish
Keep a stick
Don't dirty this make some trash I
Think we've only done one regular question
When I was 10 my fifth grade teacher gave us all keys as part of a class project and tasked us to find what the keys
Open, I was extremely stubborn
So I spent hours making my friends try the locks around my school
And when we finally gave up my teacher told us if we came back in 10 years
She would give us the answer. I vowed I would return
However, she was a terribly mean teacher and I did not want any contact with him
How do I find the answer to this mystery that has been in the back of my mind for 13 years while also holding a petty
Grudge, that's from ollie. I love to get your eyes. Yeah, I got the I have that
answer yeah, perfect because it was gonna be something like you show up and you're but you're old and
She's much older now and you're like, oh mrs. Hawthorne and she's so fucking I mean, it's a real
Trunchbull situation and you're like remember this you hold the key and she's like, yeah, you know, so what's that open and she's like
It'll be some bullshit like the doors of
Opportunity and the key is reading and behind the door is the is your future and you want to be an astronaut
Use this use your reading key to the opportunities future
now Griffin, I think that that is
Optimistic, okay that there was a lesson behind it because I am looking this right fifth grade
Gave a bunch of keys. Yeah said the class project is
Find what in the world?
This random key goes. Yeah, I don't think your teacher fucking knew
Yeah, no, here is the here is the story teachers hungover shows up at school. They're like teachers aid
mr
Peterson Lee says so what's the lesson plans today? And he's just like, oh, no
Okay, hold on let me look and see what I got in my wallet
Okay, okay, yeah, I'll come up with something out of this this the whole thing is made up
This is someone who is just stalling for time. Yeah, and who wanted to go back to because why why would they say ten years?
Years end of the year end of the year. So at the end of the year, I'll tell you right you haven't you get the
Day, you graduate. Yeah, even that would be another possibility. But ten years is yeah come back in ten years
Oh, yeah, they picked that they picked the amount of years that you definitely would not follow, right?
Exactly. That's actually my answer is now I think been proven categorically wrong
Because you can't actually would be 13 years for this person come back and say so what's the key do and they're like
It's the key to opportunity. I mean then you're like, I'm fucking like 36 and it hasn't really happened for me yet
So it's not a really that it's not really that I mean readings great and all but it hasn't necessarily
helped me be an astronaut and
No one in the class where they all the same keys where they random what the fuck happened
I think it's just a drunk drunk drunk
Drunk drawer keys. I want one sweaty kid to come running in like mine opened the break room at the Kroger on fifth Street
What the fuck?
Did you have this
Mine unlocked a safety deposit bucks and inside there was some bloody
Yeah, this this one actually I got inside of mr. Jefferson's
Camaro and I drove it
And I'm fucking 10 so like this is on you I think you tell me it's on me. I drove mr
Jefferson's Camaro and I hit a building on it and I'm 10. So what's the lesson here reading?
Oh, sure. I get it now the Camaros like opportunities and the building I hit which was a hospital is future
Does this mean does this mean yes, you're gonna be a doctor. Holy shit. That's a good lesson
Yeah, for sure, even with a criminal record. Well, well shit. Yeah
Come back in 10 years you'll be old enough to drink and we could drink together 10 years teachers on airplane heart attack
Uh-oh. Oh anybody hear a doctor. I am you hold out the key
Like I will be I have my doctorate in locksmithing. I have it. I have it up to this moment
I have a sneaky suspicion. This is my moment to be a doctor. It's only been 10 years since fifth grade
So you're what like 21? Yeah, they're about stand back
Thanks for listening to our podcasts, we hope you've enjoyed yourself Griffin's a pleasure
I feel like the it's been a fun energy. I got that fucking sleepover energy right now and it's and it is to 31 p.m
on a Thursday, so I
Can't stop looking at this stick. Yeah, the stick cakes pretty choice. Oh, which is a white castle around here
I never thought that before. Hey, thanks for listening
We really appreciate you. We got some new stuff. I think over on McElroy merch
calm if you want to
Support us there. That would be so cool of you
We got a farm wisdom pin of the month. That is
fantastic and
That pin by the way is the proceeds for that pin are gonna go to the API civic engagement fund
Which supports efforts by local community-based organizations to combat violence and hate?
So that is a great pin for a good cause or a good pin for a great cause
It could be a great pin for a great cause
Trav you got it one baby. I want listen. I crawled so you can walk. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's an empty bowl pin
We got some taste of luxury gear. Hey, did you watch taste of luxury? It's on YouTube. My friend Dwight and I made it
It's about
Enjoying the finer things in life. We've also got the adventure zone a new adventure zone shirt over in the McElroy merch calm
They're both really cool, but I am very partial to that tie-dye one. Sure. I think it's really really cool
Um, I have been doing some streaming over on my twitch twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy playing a lot of fun games
Just played uh, just played Animal Crossing for the first time in like ten months. All of his animals died
I hadn't gone swimming yet. It was like an elephant graveyard
It was terrible, but their bodies had had
Fertilized. Yeah, my peaches. It was a fine crop. They turned into like playground slides and stuff
Hey also that you can pre-order the Crystal Kingdom a graphic novel the adventure zone graphic novel of fourth in the series
Because that comes out on July 13th, and you can pre-order it at the adventure zone comic comm and
Hey, thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song of my life is better with you
Great track great tune and go dig into montaigne's whole catalog and enjoy yourself. Have fun Saturday
You know final?
Yeah, thank you so much for thinking of it. This final one was sent in by Merritt Palmer. Thank you Merritt
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user. I'm gonna just call. Pip asks
Is Yahoo Answers going to heaven?
Oh gosh, my name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I don't think it is. I'm Griffin McElroy
This has been my brother my brother may kiss you bad. Let's go way on the lips
Oh
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
