The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me 2.0.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm Chaz and I've got a bone to pick with you because I'm a dog and dogs love bones.
What were we thinking? What were we thinking? So, just to do a progress report.
We have made a significant investment. For My Brother, My Brother and Me 2.0, we redid the
studio. We did a huge, huge media blast. Huge media blast. Huge marketing push. Maybe you saw
us in Jurassic World, the trailer. I think the biggest change, the biggest sacrifice
that all, between all three of us, is that I had to go in and change the Twitter icon
for My Brother, My Brother and Me. That was probably the biggest change that any of us did.
Yeah, I mean, I was asleep during my dog body transformation where I got
surgically turned into a dog. So, like, I didn't really feel it, you know?
Well, I've had to spend a lot of time cleaning up after Griffin. Does that,
does that count as a sacrifice? I mean, I do it out of love.
Travis, give us the skinny on just how explosive the growth of My Brother, My Brother and Me 2.0 has
been. Well, we've seen about a 0.00003% increase. So, that's like, so that's just one?
Yeah, it was one guy. One guy?
One guy who was, he was really into the Powerade stuff at first, and then he was like,
okay, I get it. And then we kept doing it. And I was, I was sitting with him while he was listening
to it. And he got turned off about halfway through. I should mention, I was going over
our Powerade contract. I've got it here, hold on.
Okay, if you turn to index J, and then codex B, and then indices 13 through 6,
and it goes backwards, you'll actually see that they aren't paying us.
There is no money involved.
We read through the contract, and like the exclusivity, we looked at exclusivity,
like, yes, yes, yes. They're like, you don't have to mention the forbidden flavors. We're like,
good, because we wouldn't peddle that to our listeners.
Yeah, no long pork flavor. We don't talk about the long pork flavor.
Right, but what we didn't do was look over the contract for an index or a codex that mentions
restitution. Well, I just, I just like signed a lease on a sports car that's branded with
like Powerade down the side and on the hood. Yeah, and they're not, no, that's not, you're
paying for that. Yeah, they're actually taking money out of our pockets. So why,
God, did we sign on for a three-year deal? We have a three-year deal with Powerade,
and they're getting us coming and going. Yeah, so I don't think we can abandon My Brother,
My Brother, and Me 2.0. We are legally into this, legally speaking.
So welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me 2.0.
Boys in the house, get it?
Sorry, sorry, sorry, let's do it right. Powerade presents My Brother, My Brother,
and Me 2.0. A Powerade experience.
A Powerade experience. Ride the lightning.
I have to, I have to read this bit they have here. Make sure,
make sure to listen to the show on your Barnes and Noble Nook to get special enhanced media
cross-play features like a Catch the Chazz minigame and also complimentary coupons for
Powerade. Just an important question. Yeah. Does Powerade make the Nook?
Get yourself electrolyte blasted and then maybe dig into crime and police.
Then maybe dig into crime and punishment.
They have a co-sponsorship deal. It's a transmedia.
It makes complete sense when you think about it.
It does. There's a, there's no overlap there so that it can be.
All right, let's just get on with the fucking show.
Let's just do the show and maybe focus on our core competencies and just,
I need some, some level of distraction.
There will be some wet stunts.
Yeah, I'm fine with the wet stunts. We're just not getting paid fucking anything for it.
This, this, this podcast was an important revenue stream for me.
Well done, worth it.
No, because I spent $300,000 on this inflatable obstacle course.
Justin bought-
No one told you to do that, Justin.
Justin bought the wipeout obstacle course because he said,
quote, I want to get really good at the wipeout obstacle course.
And he spent $200,000 on the blob from the movie Heavyweights.
Once again, no one told you to do, Justin.
Yeah. Also not worth $200,000.
Like maybe-
Well, that's debatable.
Maybe six-
It's a piece of history.
Okay. Let's, uh, let's get on it.
Uh, my husband has a-
Wait, on the blob?
Yeah, oh yeah, sorry. All, all episodes of the podcast will now be recorded on the blob.
My husband has a terrible habit of removing his socks.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, whee!
That was me on the blob.
Sorry, I jumped on and flipped Griffin into the lake.
It's full of Powerade.
The worst part is if he's in the living room, the mosquitoes are terrible.
It's a stagnant lake of Powerade.
I couldn't hear the question because I was flying through the air away from you.
Don't interrupt me!
And don't make any more wipeout specific references, I won't get them.
My brother has a terrible habit of removing his socks all over the house.
The worst part is if he's in the living room, he stuffs them between the couch cushions.
Do you do weird things like this to annoy your wives?
Oh, that annoy your wives, not specifically intended to annoy your wives.
Oh, that was a way different-
And what have they done to cope or get you to stop?
And that's from Help Brothers.
Please tell me how to restore my wedded bliss.
This is from House of Socks in Houston.
I don't think I have anything, you know?
I'm pretty much...
No, I do this.
So this one I have.
Okay, is this a universal thing?
Oh, I do this.
I take myself off everywhere.
It is weird how like in your day to day, no matter what you are doing,
getting to that point where you're like, what is with these fucking socks?
Yeah.
Why am I wearing these bad boys?
I gotta get these off.
I will also often only take one off.
And like, it's not like I do that on purpose.
Like I'll take one off and then get distracted by something
and realize like 45 minutes later, I just have one sock on
and I have no idea what the other one is.
I think of it as like being a sock farmer, where come the winter seasons,
I will have a harvest where I'm sitting in the living room with my wife,
watching Orphan Black and I'm like, oh, I've got cold feet.
I don't want to go into the bedroom though, where I keep my socks normally.
I wish I had a secret stash.
And then lo and behold, secret stash is right there waiting for me.
Now they're a little dry.
But you know, in the winter, you got to get the preserved stuff.
You know what I mean?
Maybe you've brined them.
Yeah, it's sock jerky, essentially, is what you're making.
I think everybody has things like this in their life.
I mean, I know I have my own little quirks.
I leave the toilet seat up.
I make love to men and women other than my wife.
I leave the cabinets open at every turn.
I think that, you know, it's part of the adjustment of living with another person.
Yeah, everyone's got fun stuff.
I just make love too good, you know, and my wife's so annoyed.
She's like, oh, stop making love so good all the time.
Yeah, like I leave glasses of water around the house so much
that I'm basically like the little girl from Signs
and also I've been siphoning funds out of my wife's retirement account
to buy myself crack and then I smoke all the crack.
And then sometimes I like don't do the dishes.
Yeah, it's hard.
That's what marriage is like learning to love the fact
that your husband is gaslighting you slowly.
You know what I mean?
It's like, yeah, you're going insane,
but maybe it's like you grow old and insane together.
Yeah, the problem with voicing these concerns
are that like if my wife says to me,
hey, fucking with the cabinets, seriously, stop it.
Because mom used to get on us.
Do you remember that?
Like mom would get on our case about this constantly
because we would go into the kitchen and leave every cabinet open
and then just walk out.
So like this has been a recurring problem.
And so Sydney will bring this up to me
and I'll like the danger of that is I'll remember to close cabinets
and expect a fucking medal for it.
Yeah, like, hey, check.
Hey, did you notice any cabinets today?
Do you think anything special in the kitchen?
Did you cook something special for me?
No, I just didn't fuck up as bad as I actually do.
Treat please.
I do the socks things constantly.
God, this is so annoying.
I do, I leave them.
But I usually like, I put the socks in a place
where it could theoretically,
like if you were a severely disturbed person
could be the place where you put socks.
Like I will drape them over the arm of the couch
like, oh no, that was intentional.
This is where I meant to put the socks.
These, it's so they were in eyesight.
So I would get them later.
I would say, oh yeah, these socks.
I do a thing where I take my socks off
after I ride the exercise bike,
which we keep in the living room,
watch our property brothers while I bike
and then just grind it out and try to drop some LBs.
And then I got off the bike and I'm like, sweaty socks,
take them off and throw them on the floor.
And I know that Rachel's like,
I would prefer those not to be there.
But in my mind, it's like,
I just worked out, like I earned this.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Please.
Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kansky.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo.
Climbing that ladder.
Yeah, I almost said,
I almost just like let her rip with a nickname.
Well, her kind of thing is climbing that ladder.
Climbing that ladder.
Well, but then what if she's on top?
Then it's, we're being-
Falling off that ladder.
Falling off.
Falling off that ladder,
but grabbing back onto it at the last second.
But now she's about midway down,
got to climb her way back up.
Top of the ladder, about six rungs up.
Okay, wait, quick aside.
I was listening to a clip
that somebody had posted on YouTube
of My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
because I thought it was just called
My Brother, My Brother, and Me extra bit.
And I thought maybe it was something funny
that I had done.
And I needed to brighten my day a little bit.
So I thought, oh, man, that would feel good.
And I listened to it.
It was just a bit where we were like
calling people's names out at the end
for tweeting about the show.
Do you remember when we used to do this?
This is like episode 150, if I remember correctly.
So over, like basically over two years ago.
And one of the names I thanked for tweeting about us
was Drew Davenport.
That dude has been on the bus for so long,
much longer than I realized.
And he wasn't the Drew Davenport back then.
He had to listen.
He was odd, Drew Davenport.
One of multiple Drew Davenports.
Sorry, Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder.
Let me get that Yahoo from you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Benjamin C, who asks,
is Mountain Dew screwing with my head
and increasing my sex drive?
Hey, guys.
Smiley face.
OK, so I had my first bottle of Mountain Dew
about five days ago.
Since then, I've been having like one to two
500 milliliter bottles a day.
Just today, my girlfriend said,
I've been acting weird slash different.
I'm only 16, but apparently my sex drive has increased.
And I've become, quote, cocky.
Cocky means cheeky, saying things that are risky
that I usually wouldn't say.
I think that's what it means anyway.
Thanks, Merriam-Webster.
I think that's what it means anyway.
So do you guys think it's OK to do with the do?
I'm English, by the way.
So the do only just recently arrived.
Man, I love this stuff.
But depending on what you guys think,
I reckon I'll quit doing the do.
What do you think?
Thanks.
And then just to bookend it, another smiley face.
OK, one, I love anybody who says cocky.
Oh, you probably don't know what that means.
Here's what it means.
Anyway, that's what I think it means.
God, if only there was some way to figure it out for sure.
Griffin, is it possible that this is a Mountain Dew
buzz marketing like British thing where they're like,
I guess it made me sex too good?
I don't know, you guys.
You should check it out.
I drink like two bottles of it a day.
It just got here to England.
It's this new thing called Mountain Dew
that apparently makes your sex real good.
It's amazing to me.
The amazing thing to me is that this shit's just now
getting over to the aisles, as I call them.
Well, it had to go on the ships.
Yeah, and they got lost.
There's two reasons why I find this wonderful is,
first of all, the fact that it only just arrived,
this venerable brand that I wish we had picked up
instead of Powerade, probably the same company owns them.
Anyway, this means I intimate from this knowledge
that there has been somebody or a group of people
in the aisles that have been just viciously fighting
to keep Mountain Dew off their shores.
Just their scenes of them just like dumping it into a harbor.
Or just like maybe there's some politicking,
some embargoes, trade embargoes going on.
Just to keep this neon power juice out of the-
Mr. Prime Minister, we will not do that dew.
We don't do it.
Except they have a British accent.
The second thing, though, is it makes sense to me
all of a sudden why British people drink so much tea
that's not good.
Like they drink not great tea most of the time.
And it's just because they haven't,
like other better beverages just aren't available yet.
But they're coming around now,
and pretty soon it's gonna be dew in a biscuit, love.
It's 5.30.
It's dew time.
Dew time.
It's dew time, baby.
It's 5.30.
Dew in a biscuit, love.
Well, that trickle down here,
we have to start calling our smallest tablespoons,
will we call them dew spoons?
Dew spoons, yes, exactly.
Three dew spoons of olive oil.
And when you put your balls in another person's mouth,
you're dew bagging them, yes.
That is-
Right wing conservatives will be called dew partiers,
and that sounds amazing to me.
Ooh, I would join that group.
I would join that group in a heartbeat.
I think part of the problem that I'm having
answering this question authoritatively,
which I would love to do,
is that they did not specify
what flavor of Mountain Dew they were drinking.
And as I'm about to fill you guys in on,
there are 69 different flavors of Mountain Dew
they could be in piping.
69.
Yeah, nice.
They have to stop there.
They can never make another-
Or a race is the most extreme number, gentlemen.
We shan't make a new dew.
So I'd like to hit you guys with a few flavors,
and you tell me if they are real or fake.
Ooh, okay.
I like to call dew or no dew.
There is no try.
That's a good name.
No, he's doing a deal or no deal thing.
Oh, I see.
Okay, I got you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So here's my first one.
Okay.
Mountain Dew, Johnson City Gold.
Don't waste my time.
Okay.
Is that real?
No.
No, that's real.
It's a flavor variant with part of a regional dew promotion,
and it's a distinctive malt-flavored soda
from the creators of Mountain Dew.
Oh my God.
Malt-flavored distinct-
It would be distinctive.
It would be an unforgettable experience.
This is just like all those other malt-flavored sodas.
Dewitos.
Mountain Dew Dewitos.
I'm gonna say that's real.
What would you think it is?
Dorito flavored.
Correct.
It is real.
It was tested on college campuses in 2014.
Oh my God.
Mountain Dew Frigid Blast.
No, that's not real.
You stumbled over it.
I made that one up.
Yeah.
Mountain Dew Thin Ice Freeze.
That one, yes.
I'm gonna go real.
Maybe like as a Happy Feet promotion.
Dragon fruit, acai, and pomegranate flavors.
Of course.
That's what I want.
Excuse me, sir.
Do you have this on tap?
Mountain Dew Cryptonite Ice.
Yeah.
That's real.
For sure.
That's super real.
There is a lot of flavors of Mountain Dew,
and they are not as funny to read as I thought they would be.
No, they never are.
Is there one that's like Crystal Dew?
I feel like somebody sent that to us recently.
Yeah, and that's the one that tastes like Crystal Bernard's sweat.
Then the original tagline for that was,
it'll give you wings,
but then fucking Red Bull chomped that flavor.
They had to change it to,
it'll make you watch wings.
It'll make you-
There's one.
Mountain Dew Grape.
No, no, there was Mountain Dew-
Then there's parentheses,
think of better title later.
It is only available in 12 ounce cans
in certain Japanese vending machines.
Bill, will you punch this up later?
Thanks, Tim.
Thanks.
Maybe like pre-wine juice blast or something?
I don't know.
I'm thinking maybe like extreme mountain splash.
I don't know.
You'll think of something.
You're a genius.
So this is weird.
One of the Yahoo's I picked out for us to do on this episode
was actually a quiz about monster energy flavors.
And I'm wondering if I should just jettison that
into the archives.
No.
You should actually probably do it right now.
Yeah, you should do it right now.
Quiz flip, flipping the quiz.
Quiz flip.
I have some monster energy flavors
based on this Yahoo sent in by Chase Greenlee.
Thank you, Chase.
Asked by Yahoo Answers user invisible,
they're gone, they're dead.
But they asked,
what are all the monster energy flavors?
And Yahoo Answers user also not available.
Man, Yahoo.
You need to get your fucking website right.
Reply with a whole bunch of stuff.
And I'm just going to hit you with some of them
and you tell me if they're real or not.
In a game we like to call do or no do too.
This is my guess.
Yeah.
Frankenberry, boo berry, fruit brute, yummy mummy, chocolate.
No, these are beverages that are drank by DJs
to help them fucking party harder.
How about a monster assault?
Yeah, I think that's real.
Yeah, monster low carb.
Yeah, it's real.
Yeah, that one's real.
Monster mixed.
Real.
No, no, not real.
That's right, Justin.
It's not real.
Now monster mixed with two X's.
Real.
Yeah, that one's on point.
How about monster rehab?
Real.
Yeah, that's a whole chain.
They got tea lemonade and energy flavor,
which I guess now is due to the
I guess now is due lemonade and energy.
It's a delicious cocktail.
Is it supposed to be like can you have a hangover?
Is that the idea?
It's anti-monster.
It nullifies the monster already coursing through your veins
poisoning you from within.
It's basically liquid silver.
How about monster hitman?
Oh, yes.
Yeah, that's another chain of flavors there.
Monster shots, three fluid ounces of straight party juice.
Monster hitman.
When you only have a short break in between the two records
you're playing as a party DJ.
Right, there's monster hitman regular who and if you drink
that you're an idiot because you should instead jump on
monster hitman lobo and monster hitman sniper.
Monster hitman sniper.
Monster hitman sniper was the name of a product that
monster created and they said we need a name for this
horrible poison shot and someone said monster hitman
sniper and they said you just said three different words
that are sounds scary and of course that's what we're
going to name it.
Happy birthday, Robert.
This is your present.
We're going to go with your bad bad idea that you came up
with at this monster meeting.
Monster hitman sniper sounds like the translated Japanese
title that Die Hard would have.
Yeah, that's what they call it in Japan.
There's some crazy shit up in here.
Expresso, monster, hammer, it's just like we need three words.
How about ex-presso, monster, and hammer?
Yeah, cool.
Why not?
Hey, there's also Italian cafe monster.
There's Vienna monster.
Remember that waiter, Jean-Luc?
And he did that sick kick flip over the table.
Hey, let me hit you with karate chop my lawn chair now.
How about this laser monster sword?
Well, yeah, let's just, yeah, laser monster sword, sure.
And again, as long as we get monster in there,
the other two words just have to sound radical.
Hey, how about jetpack monster monster?
So two monsters?
Yeah, but like the second one's not the brand.
It's like an actual monster.
How about mother of all monsters?
That's pretty good, too.
How about monster monster monster?
I'm currently 17 years old and just got out of high school,
but not by graduating.
That is a cool thing to say.
Hey, wow, why am I not asking this person for advice?
I will be 18 this August when I start looking for a job
and save it for deposit on a place once I turn 18.
I'm just looking for some advice as far as general
how to be an adult advice.
And that's from a boy as dry as a popcorn fart in Atlanta.
This is crazy.
This is a crazy thing you've asked us.
We've made a fucking podcast empire out of drip feeding
these answers to people.
And you want us to just close up shop
and have a going a fire sale on adult advice?
You're partying 24, Sev.
You're the coolest person I've ever met.
How about I ask you how to get her done constantly?
Is that a thing that you ask people?
I don't think that Larry the K-Gry
has ever made it a question how to get her done.
Well, I guess nobody in the audience
has ever been brave enough to ask.
Sorry, sorry, stop the show.
Stop the show.
What do you mean by that?
You know, compadre, you just get her done.
Yeah, you said it.
You can't just keep saying it.
Well, I mean, I can.
I'm legally bound to three times a minute.
No, this is the thing.
What you guys don't know is if somebody asks that question,
Larry the K-Gry is able to remove his hat,
revert back to the human being he was,
and then the person who asked the question
has to take over as Larry the K-Gry.
When they put the hat on,
they become Larry the K-Gry
until they're able to eventually solve the riddle
of how to get her done.
Or pass the curse along to the next person.
What you just described is a mirror universe version
of the plot of Tooth Fairy,
which Lawrence the Cable Gentleman is also in.
Yeah, well, that's where they got the idea.
For Larry the Cable Guy?
No, Larry the Cable Guy said,
I got an idea for a movie.
It's like this horrible hellscape that I'm trapped in.
What if there's a blue-collar comedian
who was every day his whole existence was a pain scape
from which he never received any relief?
And he missed the days when he was a neurosurgeon
without an accent.
I used to be a patent lawyer in Rhode Island.
I had a wife and kids.
I haven't seen them in 12 painful years.
And I guess what I'm saying is get her done.
Wink, wink, hint, hint, nudge, nudge.
Boy, that sure makes you curious, doesn't it?
You could be 27th in the line of cablemen.
A proud tradition of pain.
I mean, what if at the end of the Santa Claus,
Tim Allen was just freed and he's walking out the door
of Santa Claus HQ at the North Pole
and he's like, oh my God, I'm gonna get out there
and live my life.
I'm finally free of this curse.
And the last scene after the credits as he's leaving
is he summons across Larry the Cable Guy
who just stares at him and is like, get her done.
And Tim Allen, as though driven
by some otherworldly force, asks him,
what do you mean get her done?
And it's just the cycle begins anew,
except this time he's Larry the Cable Guy.
Oh, so the last shot is just Larry the Cable Guy's face
lighting up.
Exactly.
So adult advice.
I think there's something in there, right?
My number one piece of adult advice is to,
whenever a new scenario, like how to get health insurance,
paying bills, whenever a scenario like that presents itself,
just do it, learn how to do it, educate yourself on it,
rather than trying to dance around it
until eventually at 25 you have to deal with it.
Because if at 18 you can really start to wrap your mind
around all of the minutia of how to day-to-day deal
with adult life, you'll be so far ahead of the curve.
There's stuff I didn't learn how to do
until I was like 23 or 24 that I should have been doing
so far ahead of that.
Is it fucked up to say go back to high school
and just finish it?
You got so close.
You got so close.
I mean, I get it.
I get it, I get it, it's the worst.
But you are so close, it breaks my heart
that you put in 17 of the 18 years
that you gotta do to finish it.
And if you finish it, I feel like it's gonna be
a lot easier for you out there.
At the very least, just take the test for the GED.
Yeah, you can do it.
It's super easy.
It's probably super hard.
I probably couldn't pass the GED test now.
No question.
No question about it.
I would fail that test.
I barely passed my driver's test.
Yeah.
No question.
I drive my little sister Riley from school sometimes
and I ask her, so what'd you learn today?
And she starts describing things that I feel like
my brain is melting.
Like trigamom.
Trig?
Trigam, yeah, I remember that, this is good.
No, I could not process it anymore.
Couldn't handle it.
Especially, you know what I definitely couldn't handle
anymore, why I could not do it, this person's doing it?
I could not handle being in a room for an hour and a half
and also I have to eat lunch at like 10.30
or some crazy time and I have to be in a room
for an hour and a half listening to a person
and I can't just like, well, I'm an adult, bye, walk out.
That power is what guides me through every situation
in my life.
Even if I'm gonna sit and listen to somebody
for an hour and a half, I know I have the power.
To not learn.
To not learn.
To defiantly unlearn things.
To unlearn.
Go back to school.
Go back to school or don't.
Or don't, whatever.
If you're not gonna go back to school, learn a martial art
because if there's one thing I know,
that if you're gonna wander the world,
you'd better be a black belt in some way.
Well, I don't think they're talking about.
Well, here's the thing, you're not gonna be a black belt
in trigonometry or social studies, clearly,
so maybe it's time to learn like Krav Maga or something,
which I don't think has belts, but the point remains.
Here's my advice that may be terrible.
The Travis McElroy story.
The story.
Is this, there are lots of people that like,
whenever you hear a story about someone
that's really successful in like the entertainment industry,
for example, who says like, well, I didn't go to college
and said I just started working and now I'm where I am now.
So my advice is this, either go back to school
and focus on doing school or go into your chosen field
and work your fucking ass off,
because what you don't get to do is neither.
Like you don't get to not finish schooling
and also kick around for four years.
I mean, you do, lots of people do that.
Yes, but very rarely is that the person
that you're reading like the Fortune 500, you know,
like biographies. Just to waste time,
I guess is what Travis is saying.
Exactly.
If you're not gonna be in school, fine,
like that's not for everybody,
but like throw yourself into something.
Like go travel or go like work really hard at a field
and get really good at it.
Do something.
Like if you're not gonna do the school thing,
like just don't waste these days.
You're young, you're probably strong, very strong and virile.
Just don't waste fucking sexy.
Sexy?
That works for another reason too.
Cause when people are like, why didn't you finish school?
If your response is, nah, I just, I watched SpongeBob a lot.
Like no one respects them.
And if you're like, you know what?
I got out there and started living my life.
Then everybody's gonna be like, oh, okay, that makes sense.
I would also say in terms of good adult advice
is don't be afraid of how much stuff you don't know
about being an adult.
Because look around at all the dum-dums
that are successfully doing that stuff.
Like all of the dum-dums that know
how to get a social security card and pay your taxes.
They're silly, silly, silly goofs.
And they can do it.
You can do it.
You can do anything.
If you believe in yourself, you can do anything.
You can do anything.
But I think you should finish school
cause you got real close.
Money zone.
Let's go to the money zone.
I would like to tell you guys about a sponsor
that I'm very close to.
Okay.
How close?
I mean about two feet away.
Cause it's like in my bedroom right now.
One might say you've been sleeping with this sponsor.
I've been sleeping with it.
I'm in bed with this sponsor.
Here's the thing, you guys.
And it's not Powerade who does send sexual representatives.
That it's a friend of his contract
that three of us have to take turns making love to.
And I hate it.
I don't like it.
We all hate it.
But here's the thing, you guys.
My brother, my brother and me is sponsored
in part by Casper, an online retailer of premium,
obsessively engineered mattresses
for a fraction of the price.
Casper, I have a Casper mattress.
I'm a big fan of it.
Teresa and I, you know, in the past,
I've always been very picky about my mattresses.
I had the same one for far too long.
And then when we moved, it was time to get a new mattress
and we tried this out and it's amazing.
Like I've slept so well since I got it.
I usually like toss and turn
and I have woken up in the same position every day.
You really use it?
Cause I thought initially you were gonna use it
as a guest bed.
You go like, got down with it.
Oh, I got down with it.
As soon as it got here, we were like,
oh no, this is our new jam.
This is the coolest thing.
It came in a box.
I'm gonna say like about two feet by two feet
and then about three feet tall, four feet tall.
I mean, depending on the size of the mattress you get,
of course.
But it comes in a completely like compact manageable.
It's all rolled up in like a sealed package.
And then when you open it up,
basically all the air rushes back into it.
And it kind of like, you know, in cartoons,
when someone pulls the tab on like a raft
and it suddenly goes like,
boom, boom, boom.
That's what it does.
And it's super fun.
Did you have to like clear the room?
Like, oh no, oh no.
Oh well, I probably should have better.
It like, it expanded out.
The cat ran away.
It was great.
Now you can just put these bad boys right on the floor,
right?
Like you don't need a box spring or whatever.
No, it works on, you could put it,
we have a slotted bed.
So we don't even have a box spring
and it works great with that.
You can put it on the floor cause it's so supportive.
You don't need anything underneath it.
And Casper has a risk-free trial and return policy.
So you can try sleeping on Casper for a hundred days
with free delivery and painless returns.
Like that's, that's a ridiculous offer.
A hundred days.
So over three months.
I don't know what they're charging for these mattresses,
but I bet it's $50 too much.
Well, here's the thing, Justin.
My brother and my brother and me listeners
can get $50 towards any mattress purchase.
If you go to Casper.com slash my brother
and use the promo code, my brother,
all one word at checkout, you get $50 off.
Now terms and conditions apply, of course,
because- What's that mean?
What's that mean?
What's that mean?
It means that there are terms and there are conditions
and they apply to the situation.
God, no, no, God.
I just want it Scott free.
Well, we all want Scott free mattresses.
I don't want terms.
But sometimes Scott comes with them
and that's one of the terms.
I'm afraid of conditions.
My friend Scott, he comes with the mattress.
So go to Casper.com slash my brother
and use the promo code, my brother,
and you can save $50.
And they have all different sizes
and it's a great product.
And there are no terms and conditions.
No terms and conditions, no Griffin.
We have to say-
Terms and conditions apply.
No, no, no.
We have to say that terms and conditions apply,
but don't worry.
No terms or conditions to be found here.
Tell them you're with us.
They know us.
Tell them you're with us.
You guys are my bambinos.
We'll waive the terms and those conditions, my man.
I don't know.
I'm checking with my boss upstairs.
No conditions, huh?
Let me see if I can get you a good deal
vis-a-vis terms and conditions.
Yeah, waived.
Waived them right now.
There will be, straight up though,
there's gonna be some terms and conditions.
We're goofing.
We're all having a good time now,
but don't try and sneak past those terms and conditions
because they'll catch you.
Note to future advertisers,
if you put the line terms and conditions apply in our copy,
we will talk about it for three minutes.
We will make sure they know
that terms and conditions do, in fact, apply.
I have another message here from a sponsor
that paid us to talk about them,
and it is Nature Box.
Heard of them?
But they wouldn't have to.
No, they wouldn't.
I mean, they could pay us
in many Belgian waffles at this point,
but Nature Box is your online premier source
for delicious, healthy snacks.
These snacks are all made with zero artificial flavors,
colors or sweeteners, zero grams trans fats,
and no high fructose corn syrup.
You can get those mini Belgian waffles.
You can get some strawberry lemonade fruit stars.
You can get a sweet and salty nut medley.
Oh my God, those sound so good.
If you go to naturebox.com slash my brother,
you can get a free trial box of their favorite snacks.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother.
Get some free snacks that you can eat in your bed,
your new bed, your new Casper bed.
I got a message for Breezy B from Better Know a Husband.
That sounds like a weird punny name.
Like you better know a husband,
but it actually has the name Noah in there.
So I'm very confused.
That is very confusing.
Happy 12th anniversary, Breezy B.
I'm so excited.
We're doing new things together,
like listening to the brothers and raising our daughter.
Hopefully not at the same time,
who by the time you're hearing this
is at least one year old.
I love you.
Here's to an exciting 12 years.
And there's a note here.
It says, PS brothers, wifey likes it when you go meta.
Oh, okay, what does that mean?
I mean, it's like we talk about like the show,
but we like part the veil.
I'm wearing three headbands.
Is that meta?
I got a headband holding on my headband.
Is that true?
Yeah.
I've just, I've been looking around the desk,
picking up headbands and putting them on as I got bored.
I've been drinking.
That's what happened a lot this episode, huh?
Yep, three times at least.
I've been drinking the same cup of coffee
since 7 a.m. this morning.
And it's really, really, really gross.
But I don't feel like going back in the kitchen
and pour myself a new cup and throw it in the microwave.
Speaking of drinking coffee,
I had a realization this morning
that some of my classic moments
that I remember the most fondly on this program
and have not listened to again
have been when I've been drunk at live shows.
And I had this realization today
when I was making my coffee
and I saw that bottle of raspberry liqueur staring back.
Uh-oh.
Wait a minute.
Where it starts. Hold on.
Hold on, wait a second.
You can swallow this stuff anytime.
Oh, boy.
It is always swallowable.
Oh, Jesus. Right?
You don't have to be about to go on stage.
The crazy thing about alcohol that you forget sometimes,
you can drink it whenever.
Yeah, it's drinking in the noon time,
drinking in the noon time,
drinking at supper time.
When drinking is a liquid,
you can drink drinking anytime.
You can do it whenever.
Yeah, sure.
We've got another message for Kurt.
We've got a message here for Justin.
We love you.
And this is a safe place.
Shambered.
Isn't my pronouncing that correctly?
That's the raspberry liqueur.
Shambered.
Yeah. Nailed it.
Crushed it.
This message is for Kurt.
It's from Coop, Jeremy, Mike and Mike.
To our favorite sub, sub, sub librarian.
Kurt with a C.
Excited to spell with a K.
Happy birthday and congratulations
on finding and catching your true white whale.
We hope your marriage to Becky
will be a long and happy one.
Hashtag gone girl.
Wait, what?
Did you get gone girled?
Are you gone girled?
Do you guys know how exponentially
the rate of gone girling has increased
since that fucking movie dropped?
Didn't happen with the book,
because nobody reads books.
When that movie dropped,
gone girling is like one out of every three marriages
ends in gone girling.
That's gonna be John Quinones' new show
to catch a gone girl.
Yeah.
And not everybody pulls a Ben Affleck.
Not everybody can reel it back in.
You know what I mean?
A lot of folks just get exumacuted
because they get gone girled successfully.
We probably shouldn't delve too deeply
into the plot of Gone Girl
here on where we don't wanna spoil the movie Gone Girl.
Wait, are we gonna travel back in time
to six months ago when no one had seen Gone Girl?
I mean, I'll spoil the book for people
because like Griffin said,
right, but I don't wanna spoil a movie.
I'm just saying keep your wits about you.
And Gone Girl, the girl in Gone Girl,
it doesn't necessarily refer to a gender.
You can gone husband like easy.
And that's happening too.
That's called gone fishing.
Gone, well, no, it's not called gone fishing.
It'd be called like gone boy.
Because men love to fish and ignore their wives.
It's called bye-bye boy.
And a lot of husbands out there
are bye-bye boying their wives.
And it's bad, it's bad, it's bad.
It's bad.
Don't do it.
Can't we just call it like gone,
what's the word, like S-O?
Like gone, like sayonara S-O?
So long S-O.
See ya spouse.
See ya spouse, that's great.
That's all inclusive.
Everybody can see ya spouse.
Some people don't believe
in having a state-sponsored relationship.
They wanna keep it open-ended.
Peace out, partner.
Peace out, partner.
Ooh, peace out, partner.
I'm saying just we need to start including that
just like de facto in vows.
Like in sickness and in health.
Also, I won't bye-bye,
I won't bye-bye boy you at all.
I won't bye-bye buddy you.
Well.
That's for like best friendships.
You can bye-bye buddy somebody,
it's just called moving.
Yeah.
I'm a police officer, I'm investigating.
You're missing buddy.
Why are you even talking to me right now?
What do you mean?
He lives in Indianapolis.
He moved to Indianapolis.
Moved to North Dakota.
I don't know why I'm responsible for that.
This is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a show called One Bad Mother,
a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
Guess what?
We both just had babies.
Again.
Check out the show enjoyed by breeders and ballers alike
on iTunes or MaximumFun.org.
How about a Yahoo?
Okay, that's fine.
This Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Again, thank you Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Amy Rose who asks,
I'm so, have a crush on Sonic the Hedgehog.
Help.
Lol.
It gets kind of annoying crushing on someone
who is probably not real.
Someone cure me of my crush.
Oh God, so much to unpack.
Not really.
This person's in love with Sonic the Hedgehog
and they're not sure if they're real or not.
And can any of us be sure?
They're real in the sense that he's a pop icon, right?
Who is like, we've all been in love with her.
That there's countless universes
in which everything happens.
We can't say what is real or what is not real
because it's only our perceptions that determine that.
So there is definitely a universe
in which Sonic the Hedgehog is real
and is just going to town on this woman.
Statistically, everything's happening
in some universe at all times.
You're saying infinite monkeys on infinite typewriters
with an infinite amount of time
will eventually create Hamlet.
Somewhere in some alt-universe,
Sonic is real and making love to this person.
Oh, just going to town on her.
Guaranteed.
Griffin, at this point,
I'm not even comfortable calling it making love.
No, because he goes way too fast.
So fast.
Emotion is not part of it.
It is just flesh machines at that point.
At this point, they're just doing what comes naturally
and that's Sonic the Hedgehog having sex with a woman.
Hey, it actually happened in the 2006 Sonic the Hedgehog.
Anyway, we're getting completely off topic.
If you want to end your love affair
with Sonic the Hedgehog,
you could do like the rest of the nation did
and just play any Sonic the Hedgehog game
from the past 15 years.
Play Sonic Free Rider.
See if you still have a crush on him.
I guarantee you will not.
What's the one where Sonic goes to the Olympics?
Sonic 3D Blast.
Mm-hmm.
Let me introduce Becky.
I know you've had a hard time
getting over the Sonic the Hedgehog.
Can I introduce you to my friend Crash Bandicoot?
Crash, come in here.
Hey, what's up?
This is my friend Becky.
She's been real lonely lately.
You look like you've been hurt.
I'll leave you two to it.
You look like you've been hurt by an echidna.
That's the worst part of having an unfulfilled crush
on Sonic is that you know
when you're the most vulnerable,
Tails is gonna be like knocking at your door.
Hey, hey. Hey.
You okay? Hey.
I'm so sorry.
You know you deserve so much better than that.
Take it from me.
Knuckles, what are you doing here?
You get away from her.
I'm so sorry he was bothering you.
Listen, how you doing?
Do you wanna do it in the Robotnik tonight?
Travis.
Oh, fuck you.
Best part about Knuckles is he's in the Three Sims.
Probably.
Well, let me read you some of my fan fiction.
That'll prove that that is correct.
You just plug Knuckles into your existing relationship
and then there he is.
Wow. Yeah.
Wow. You like that shit.
I do.
I do like that shit.
You can't even pretend like you don't like that shit.
No, I do indeed like that shit.
I'm not gonna try to deny it.
I enjoy that shit.
My wife and I moved to do a new apartment last year.
Part of our duties slash domain is gardening the backyard.
Last year, we discovered a plant near our back gate
in late summer that turned out to be a random
marijuana plant. Oh, boy.
Neither of us do the pot.
It was a tiny plant and so we just let it flower
and figured the Minnesota winter would take care
of what we didn't feel like dealing with.
It died or so we thought.
This year, it appears that multiple,
multiple plants have sprouted up
that are totally 100% more pot.
I feel bad destroying them as many people put in
a lot of work to grow this stuff
but I also have no use for it and it's kinda illegal.
What should we do with this brothers?
That's from mystified by marijuana in Minneapolis.
This season on Breaking Bad 2.
What's the PO box number for our Huntington?
Fuck that.
There is a human being.
We were in Minneapolis a month ago.
There was a person presumably at that show
who was like, I don't know what I'm gonna do
with all the pot at my house.
We've been asking for years.
Years. Please don't send us pot in the mail.
Holy shit, please don't do that.
Hachi-machi please don't.
Yipes, Justin as a kid, do not do that.
You should probably start selling it.
Yeah, I mean that's it, right?
Whoa.
In this economy, leaving money on the table?
It's gonna be, here's what I'll say actually.
Just let it be,
cause that's just gonna be legal countrywide
in the next two years.
This is a serious question that I need someone
to tweet at me after the show
and tell me the answer to this.
Is there such a thing as like wild marijuana these days?
But in like the backyard
of like a Minnesota apartment complex,
it's like, oh yeah, we got,
there's some clovers growing here
and like some dandelions and some weed.
Like that's a thing?
Where do you think it came from?
But I could expect to find it
in like a hillside out in the country.
In a shire.
In the shire.
But I'm just, it's weird to me that a random marijuana plant
that a bird like pooped out a seed of a marijuana plant
in the backyard. Oh my God, dude,
there's so many gross misconceptions,
just sort of about nature.
That's how it works.
Birds, they eat the seeds
and then they poop out the seeds
and the seeds grow.
Then you smoke them.
Then you smoke the bird poop.
If you smoke bird poop, you will get high.
What would you guys legit,
like let's put the,
okay, I'm gonna open up the joke locker for a second.
Take your jokes, put it in the joke locker.
Close it up fully.
Now the jokes are in the joke locker.
If you were in this situation,
what would you literally do?
Well, I totally get the confusion
because I'm sitting here thinking like,
one, I would be so worried that someone would find it
and just immediately assume I planted it there.
Sure. You know what I mean?
Because the cockamamie story of,
it's just a random plant, I guess.
Like no one's gonna believe that.
Even if it's true.
How would it be discovered would be my question.
I mean, I don't understand.
Well, you're in an apartment complex.
There's other people living there.
Oh, by which you mean there's plenty of other people
to take the fall.
But that could be somebody else's plant.
But it's this person's job to garden in the backyard.
Oh, that's true.
They're gonna be the first suspect.
But as any good cop knows,
it's very rarely the most obvious suspect.
Do you think it was the apartment butler?
I think it was the apartment butler, Travis.
Oh, sorry, I broke into the joke locker.
Let me put that back in there.
Not really.
No, no.
Not technically speaking.
I got that out of the joke shoe box that was under my bed.
I think you're right in that
destroying this plant is the wrong move.
Because it's a living thing.
It's kind.
And it's kind, and it wants to help you.
So you need to help it.
And just like to pot it, very gently move it into a pot,
put that pot in another pot, and then take it inside.
And then you're gonna need to find
the right hydroponic system for you.
Cause there's lots of difference.
Yeah, you're probably gonna have to convert your bedroom.
Oh yeah, that's not a bedroom anymore.
This is a no bedroom, one bath.
And the bedroom, the bedroom,
the only bed in there is a bed
of that sweet, kind Carolina kush.
I know we live in Minneapolis.
I know.
The strain was brought here by a bird.
This kind strain.
A tired bird.
This kind, this kind kaki-laki.
This bird who brought it this far
and then died to bring us this sweet sticky weed.
He died.
And the plant grew, the bird's body nurtured the seed
and gave us this kind, kind kaki-laki.
This is our life now, honey.
This is our life now.
We're breaking bad.
We are the ones who knock, I think.
I didn't watch the whole show,
and I can't now cause we don't have a TV.
Cause I had to move it out of the room
cause this is our garden.
It got in the way of my weed.
I put the plant in front of the TV
and I turned the brightness all the way up.
I think it's gonna happen.
I've been talking to it like the little prince's rose.
Man, that'd be a much different book.
Yeah, it'd be a way better book.
Folks, thank you so much for listening
to our comedy podcast.
My brother, my brother and me, 2.0,
boys in the house.
Power A presents.
Power A presents, fuck.
Let me just try to start the whole episode over.
Thanks, hey.
We didn't, I mean, we just didn't mention
Power A nearly enough.
Yeah, you're right.
Hey, extreme buds.
Hey, extreme buds.
Thanks so much for listening to Power A.
Oh, we need a wet stunt.
Okay, hold on.
Oh, God, no.
That's what wet stunts sound like.
Thanks so much for listening to Power A
presents my brother, my brother and me,
2.0, boys in the house, a Power A experience.
I have an idea for a wet stunt.
Okay, okay.
I would like everybody to tweet us pictures
of them choosing not to drink Power A.
Wait a minute, hold on, wait.
Travis, you've nailed it.
Okay.
The only way we're gonna be free from this power prison.
We have to make this relationship with Power A
as undesirable to Power A as humanly possible.
So what I want you to do is use the hashtag wet stunts
to tweet pictures that just really,
really make Power A look unappealing.
That's what I need, that's what I need you to do.
Do not tweet it.
Power A has to be in the picture.
You can't just like take a picture
of you going like P.U. stink face.
And by the way, don't tweet it at Power A.
No, because that's not what we want at all.
That's not what we, that's not the kind of attention
we want to draw, personally.
It would be pretty fucking funny though.
Yeah, I just don't want to get Power A, big Power A,
because that's like Coke, right?
Or Pepsi? Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't need them on my hands.
We're pretty big, but we're not Coca-Cola big.
We're not Coca-Cola big.
That's gonna be a good stunt.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
It's a wonderful album.
We're gonna be kicking it with John Roderick
at Max Funk on here in a few weeks.
We're really excited.
Johnny R, as I'm sure he'll insist we call him
at the weekend's end.
Except that we won't call him that,
because we'll all probably be too nervous to talk to him.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Anyway, thank you John Roderick in the long winters.
Also, thanks again to Nature Box,
where you can order hundreds of great tasting,
healthy snacks.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother
to sign up for your free trial box
of great tasting, healthy snacks.
We're also heading to John Roderick's town,
which he will soon be the president of.
I haven't been keeping track of it,
but he's running for office in the Seattle area,
which big fans of.
Yeah.
But we're doing a Pacific Northwest tour in August.
We're going to Portland, Seattle, and Vancouver,
August 28th, 29th, 30th respectively.
The Portland show is already sold out.
So unfortunately, you won't be able to see us at that one
unless you've already got tickets.
But there's still tickets available
for Seattle and Vancouver.
If you go to bit.ly forward slash mbmbamseattle
and bit.ly forward slash v-a-n-m-b-m-b-a-m,
tickets for that are selling out.
And it's signed seating, so don't sleep on it.
Go get your tickets today, and we'll see you in August.
Go listen to the other shows at the Maximum Fun Network
if you haven't already.
There's some really, really great shows all free.
And if you like this one,
you're going to like all the other ones,
like Rendered and Lady Da Lady and One Bad Mother
and Throwing Shade and Jordan Jesse Go
and Judge John Hodgman.
We all play-
Bones the Adventure Zone and Bunker Buddies.
Yes, which are all shows we do.
Travis, you have a new show.
It's not on Max Fun,
but you want to tell the people about it?
It's my brand new show.
Yeah, so Brent, Brent O'Floss,
who was my roommate in college
and has been one of my best friends for 13 years,
he and I launched a new show called Trends Like These.
Basically, we talk about what the trending news
on the internet.
So for example, last week we talked about DadBod,
we talked about Jaden Smith showing up to prom
dressed as Batman.
We talked about Simon Pegg.
So we just talk about whatever stories are trending
on like Twitter and Facebook and all over the internet.
It's on iTunes, it's on Stitcher, it's on everything.
You can go to trendslikethese.com
and we've got links to all the different ways
to listen to the show.
It comes out every Thursday
and we put out many episodes on Monday
to talk about the news that happened over the weekend.
So go check it out and let me know what you think.
I've got a new show too.
It's called Things I Bought at Sheetz.
It's on YouTube.
Search for Things I Bought at Sheetz.
It's like the best thing ever.
Sheetz has a Z at the end, Things I Bought at Sheetz.
It's my new food review slash quiz show
with my friend Dwight Slappy.
It's called Things I Bought at Sheetz
and start at the beginning
because you don't wanna be lost.
There's a playlist.
Big Gulp is on hiatus, as you all know,
but we're gonna be coming back for the fourth season.
I think in July is when post-production
will be wrapping up on that
and then we're doing the premiere
at the Cannes Film Festival.
So get there.
Get there.
Do you guys wanna Yahoo?
Yeah, one last Yahoo would be great.
Here, how about a final Yahoo answer?
It was sent in by holy shit, Zoe Kinski.
Thank you Zoe.
Climbing that ladder.
Climbing that fucking ladder.
It's by Yahoo Answers user someday
and I say it like that
because there is an ellipses at the end of it.
Someday asks, please, please help.
I'm desperate.
How old was Kristen Stewart
when she started filming Zathura?
Justin.
Justin.
Justin.
Justin.
Justin.
Justin.
Justin.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Square of the lips.
Hey, girls, do you want to say, hey, I want to?
Musicians, cartoonists, circus clowns, and experts in the field of...
Vacations, the afterlife, cool recipes, self-improvement, fashion, candy, beach boys, girls, turtles,
plot twists, women, dating, fitness, presidents, air removal, conflict resolution, Santa, meditation,
babies, modern dinosaurs, bullying, crop circles, the Beatles, middle-aged men, experts, teens,
life hacking, rhyming, baby talk, personal organization, the named extra, Frasier, extreme eating,
groceries, being a best friend, movement, jam, art education, America's money is home videos,
stockbroking, spooky stories, genealogy, riddles, Pinterest, IT, magic, revenge, mothering, dogs,
ayahuasca, Hollywood legends, street racing, fitting in, celebrity sex, vehicle, personal training,
the ocean, Dennis the Menace, modern poetry, sugar gliders, Jimmy Buffett, pranks, The Tonight Show
with Johnny Carson, Mountain Dew, theme park safety, dinner parties, butterflies, raccoons, pasta shapes, and Bob Dylan.
Join us every other Monday!
Yay!
