The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
You
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me and if I show for the Roger, I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
Well me, I'm your middle-aged brother Travis big dog woof woof
McElroy and I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy and I got big news for you
Just came in through the local channels that the pools and the splash pads are back open
And this is a citywide alert and for Austin, Texas
But I imagine also around the world people are celebrating as these big beautiful water
Bodies are ready for business for you. It's a splash pad splash pads like a pool, but it doesn't
Go deep you splashed it very very very shallow pool
But the big pool is what I'm concerned about because I am known
at my local pools
for
When I walk up on it when I walk up on the diving board
in my Oakley's and
That one little strip of sunscreen on my nose. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and and my
surf
shorts, uh-huh, and I do my flex and every the glisten of my body
Catches the light in just the right way and everybody looks at me and they're like, oh no here he comes
And then I do my you know, my big jump off of it and splash down
I people who know me and last year just from the splash from the splash in the pose and the
Shorts and now the whole thing and the strip of sunscreen last year though
Yeah
It's fucking disease. Yeah
Finally we're talking about it
And this disease sucks shit on so many different levels, but the disease kept me from getting mine last year
Yeah, I didn't get a chance to go to my local pool and do my favorite thing
Which is panic as my child is eating a popsicle too slowly
And I know it's gonna fall off as a stick and I know she's gonna be upset about it
And I'm standing there in my rash guard, but I'm not surfing. I'm just covering myself
Cuz I'm afraid of both the Sun and other people's gaze. Yes, so I'm sitting there like, you know, you need to eat it
No, it's it's drip. It's dripping. It is drip
You have to it's gonna fall. Yes, and I'm worried about it. She's not because she has no sense of consequences
Yes, right legalize marijuana strike all marijuana based crimes from the record
expunge them but
Popsicles you have to be 18 because not 18. You don't fucking understand
What the what is expected of you and the pressure and also the consequences though if you do go slow and you do get
I'll take it to go. I'll be eating it in the worst way imaginable. Whatever the you know
The move I love is like I've had four licks off this. I'm gonna set it somewhere. Yeah, I don't remember
Yeah, I set it down three. What do I care? Um, but now
Yeah, I got this fucking text. That's like pool time, baby
And that the text texted you that well the text went out and said hey everybody, especially Griffin
The pools are open again. So everybody detects the pools the mayor
and so
Mayor Austin Austin mayor Austin Austin Steve Austin of Austin is telling me that it's time to come get my splash on and he said
That I could be first in line
There and it was gonna be sort of a ribbon-cutting ceremony and I'm gonna jump through the ribbon in midair. But anyway, I
The pressure is huge now
Because I had a year to think about I had two years to think about how I was gonna make a splash. Yeah
Literally, hey, hey Griffin Griffin. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, only mask you're gonna be wearing is a snorkel
No, you don't need that when you're doing a diving board splash. Oh, you don't
Here's they've seen me do
Cannonball, they've seen me do double cannonball. Mm-hmm
That's where me and a friend do it at the same time
And we got yelled at by the lifeguard so we can't do the double cannonball again
Cuz they said they'd kick me out of the pool. They don't care how cool I am when I do it jackknife
Yeah
Spread spread it spread it out. I did a I did a phone I've done all the big ones
and I guess I just like
I'm a little worried that I'm gonna come up short this year. Have you done the enema?
That's the one where you get your though you get it to go up
Yeah, where you land like the first part of your body that makes contact with the water is your butthole
Yeah, and it looks like even the cheeks touch. It looks like a cannonball. So you have to announce loudly like it's about to go
Oh, it's about to go up
It's gonna look like a cannonball, but it's gonna go up
and
It's about how you then come out of the water like what sounds you make what face you make? Yeah
Yeah, like ah
Enema, I don't I I don't know more like enemy I cuz people are waiting. Also, this is gonna be
Them knowing that it's all over like the code like coven we're we did we did it and now it's time for us to
Do our this is our mission accomplished banner. Yeah, exactly. I think you're gonna have to make up a new one Griffin
Yeah, you're gonna have to like sit down at the drawing board
You're gonna have to design something and call it like, you know operation mission accomplished
And like you're gonna have to do
You know
Operation herd immunity whatever you want to call this dive, right and it has to tell the story
of America's triumph
Okay
Travis is suggesting a narrative
Splash a narrative dive. Yes, that's a good dive that tells a story that we use a tail
Yes, that's good Travis and I'll be honest. It's give me an idea
That's better than my current sort of prevailing idea
Which is that I get on the diving board and I jump up and I just keep going up
Cuz I didn't know like how I was gonna make that one happen
But you've give me idea of when Time magazine said that I was person of the year or whoever was reading the magazine was person
Of the year and they put a little mirror on the cover
Maybe that's it and I get up on the diving board and I hold up a big mirror and I say it's you blind
Everyone no, I say it's you doing the splash. Oh, I like that
Maybe just a mirror suit Griffin just little chunks like a mosaic, but it's like little chunks of mirror all over you
So when they look at you, it is actually their body that they see perfectly
Aligned with your body. That's good. Yeah, that's awesome
What if I lay what if I plank on the side of the pool and I say I'm the diving board
Oh, you're the jump off jump off my body into the what if you sit in the pool with your mouth open say
This is my tiny pool. Yes, and I fill my mouth right you to leap in. That's really good Justin
a team a team of people kind of a flash mob of people and one by one is they jump off
It's it's like the declaration of independence right one word at a time
Okay, and you guys are going boom boom boom boom boom boom, you know, I mean like one after another
Just everybody lined up going and it's like we the people right or maybe it's even every syllable, right?
Yeah, we the people. Is that what you're going with? Yeah. Yes
Okay, good
That could be good
I also thought if I could do get on that little horses back and get him a jump on the diving board that would hurt him
And he would unless it's one of those cool like beach horses, which I don't think they have those in Central, Texas
He would pass away
Get a celebrity diver. Oh
Yeah
Okay
Sure, yeah name another one name another diver who's not Greg Louganis. Oh, I didn't mean to be fair
I did not mean a diver who was a celebrity. I meant a celebrity to dive
For you the thing about Greg Louganis is everyone's gonna be really nervous. He's gonna bonk his head again. Yeah, like he's an exceptional diver
Athlete, but he did famously bonk his head one time and I think people would be like I'm trying to celebrate kovat
But here I am all stressed out that mr
Louganis is gonna bonk his noggin again is Michael Phelps good at getting into the water or is he just good inside of it?
Yeah, the camera cuts away cuts back. He's already in the water
Exactly. He might just kind of flail all around in midair as he just kind of like lowers in and he snorts like a half
quarter water each time
It's okay Michael it's okay you're in you're in it's fine
You can start swimming now. Okay people start showing up to the Olympic Arena
He's already in the water. He got there first. He got there an hour before everybody else
He had them fill the pool around him. Yeah. Oh, that could be good. Where is Griffin?
He's been at the bottom of the pool for an hour holding his breath. He did the splash a long time
I have a quick update. I wanted to mention and
This was shared amongst our staff and now I want to bring it to everyone's attention last week. We had a brief segment a
diverting
segment about Charles entertainment cheese and
I did want to mention just because I did not have the information at the time that since
2012
Charles entertainment cheese has been voiced by Jared Reddick the lead singer of bowling for soup. Oh
Oh, so not only see the voice of the theme song of Phineas and Ferb
He is also the voice of Charles entertainment cheese and has been for you
That's nine years of the authenticity that you heard in those tracks
Yeah
real like real the Phineas the Phineas and Ferb thing Justin just unlocked a fucking puzzle box in my mind that has been
Screwed pretty tight
Since the since the episode since the recording of that episode
I'm so glad that you've just set me free from the prison of my own thoughts. Tell me more. What do you how do you mean?
It just sounded there was something about Charles entertainment cheese the town
It's always so familiar
Yeah, it was and it was because of the Phineas and Ferb music and I know the thing is fucking me out
What is knowing that after the fight is?
After the fact knowing that it's actually weird to me that it's taken them nine years to think. Oh, maybe an album
Hey, they hey bud get on Spotify and then feel like a real doofus. This guy's been cranking out the hits for a long really
Yeah, yeah, believe it or not. Okay. Hey, listen, this is an advice show. Yeah, you're right
And the word I'm done talking about entertainment. We got we'll have time for some we need to make some art
We're gonna have time for more skits later
But now we're gonna help you. Yeah, I want to talk about art
Let's you know because sometimes this show can be a little puerile, but sometimes it could be pretty artsy fartsy
And it's time for work of fart
Just so you know, just so you know trap sorry haters. No, I am I am one of them
I'm gonna fucking knock this right out of the park, but I want you to know I'm gonna hate every second of it
Okay, I got three and then a bonus one. So okay. Okay. Okay. Here we go. It's a good way of thinking about it
Yeah, okay this great novel
details one
musician's obsession with finding the perfect phallus
Wait, is it wait? Hold on. Do we do ding-dong stuff too? Yeah
Whoa, that's the you're expanding sort of the whole concept. Yeah, this is a broadening. This is too broad
Yeah, it's getting silly in work of fart. Okay. Give me that again
This novel this great novel
details
The journey of one musician and his obsession with finding the perfect phallus
Hmm
Damn here. I was talking a big game
I'm gonna need more
Well focus on the the musician part is a ball. Thanks trap. Oh fuck. Yeah, I forgot about one of the ten words that you said
That's all I got. I don't have more clues. Are you ready? I'll just tell you what it is. Justin you wanna make a guess
No, we were looking for Moby's dick
Dick
Moby's dick, but it's that was a book about a whale and not a musician but it was the
Musician, this is what he's doing. No, no, I know he's pulling the threads tighter, but you would you wouldn't
Do you there's no way on a million in a million years. We would have gotten that
Oh stop stop if you had said a musical artist who is obsessed with his own
Phallus I might have been able to get there. Yeah
But like I wouldn't look at yeah
I don't look at any other dick in this any other like PP in this world and go that's mine
Okay, are you ready? I guess so. Is this one gonna make sense and be like solvable and be good this series?
created by Benjamin Franklin
Collected all of the scrotal information for that year as well as richards almasack
Oh so close. Well, you know what? Let me look at the judges
We are looking for poor Richards Balman act, but we'll give it to you. Okay. Well, let's agree to disagree. Just say Balmasack
I'm miss when I was about
All right, fine. I can't I this is a shady. It's the our president did a graded like this that he has to be drug into
Okay, I got one more and given this one's back to poops. Are you ready? Yeah, I guess okay
I can't believe that I'm reminiscent
About that but go ahead Heathcliff. Yeah plots revenge now that he has money
Against the woman who spurned him and also he can't stop pooping
Heathcliff, uh-huh. Not the cat but a character named Heathcliff, correct?
This is classic literature, which is not my which is not my strong suit is
that is that from
With her is it withering heights with her and shucks. Is it withering shites? It is withering shites
It is withering shites
It is withering shites one for one one
One for one one for three. Wow. Sorry you each have one. Okay. Okay
Okay, so the bonus now. Yeah ready its deed
It's necessary unless it's also gonna be bad like the first one. Well, that's why it's a bonus
Okay, wait a bonus cuz it's not very good
We'll see
Okay, Stella will need to depend on the kindness of strangers if she's allergic to D's
Is it a streetcar named these nuts doing it and it's already going off the rails
That can't be this can't be the episode title
All right, well then it's up to us to something more
more
Powerful Griffin you didn't hear it. I think
I said it first Justin. I heard it. I thought it I knew it
Okay, so are you done yep
Once again Griffin wins by the way two to one. Yeah, we all lost
I work at a bakery that often has items left over at the end of the day
No
Together
At the end of the day my boss lets me take out whatever I want when we close up shop
We also give whatever is left away to a local church
My problem is that the church volunteers all stand there watching me pack up whatever I want, which is admittedly quite a bit
Brothers, what do I do about the very passive judgment? I feel that's from sweets taker in South, Texas
Yeah, they shouldn't be there while you're doing your shouldn't watch you
They shouldn't watch you while you do yours and this may be something you can fix by maybe throughout the day
If you know something's gonna get
you know
back when I was working at GameStop if somebody traded in like ooh, this is a
A fairly mint copy of dark cloud 2 on PlayStation 2. I'm gonna want this
So I might not stock this one on the shelves right away and buy it myself
I've done a lot of things at GameStop that should have got me quite fire
But I'm saying you do the same thing this cheese Danish looks pretty good. Let me just oops
I dropped it under the bottom rack
Where no one can see it and then the church doesn't have to watch you get it
They should you do though Griffin in that plan to run the risk of like your boss being like hey
What's this stack of kolaches doing back here in this cupboard like those are for God?
Your Ross has created a scenario where like you are de-incentivized to move these on our hearts, right?
So someone's like I'll take an almond tart and you're like, I don't know
I've heard about those heard something about those I would leave that behind for me. I mean
I mean also you can just get these church people in there all day anytime somebody comes in
It's like hmm. Let me buy some almond tarts for me and my beautiful wife and then you say, okay
But then the church people are like, oh no
That's too long and tarts
See predator predator does this and I've always felt like if I buy something at predator, I'm stealing food
Right. When are you buying things that pretty much a yeah, I used to trap though. I didn't used to be
bound like some sort of like
Salt-trapped ghosts in Huntington, West Virginia, like I used to travel around throughout this great globe of ours
Yeah, what you're right though, that was a before I'll never see the inside of a fucking Kedoba I
Got a Kedoba here. I don't want to brag
What's stopping you who who's going to Kedoba good question
Bye, you know whose decision is it when it's time to make more batches of things?
Because you would just like 20 minutes before closing up just like all right pop five in it's a bakery
It's a fancy bakery. You're not like nuking them. Like it has to be prepared lovingly by hand. Yeah
Could you do it? Like I made these and I'm gonna why are you asking me? I don't know. It's not in charge
He's not the boss of bakery. He's not the big Baker boy
Well, I am the big Baker boy. That's what everyone calls me in town, but not for this particular
South Texas
just like just
You know what make the church people go first and then if they leave you interesting if they leave you nothing just go
Oh, uh, okay. I um, okay. I guess I'll won't eat any baked sweets tonight
You can also say you're taking them to a rival Church, there you go
Oh, this is this is for a church with even more kids in it who need these and also
They're building the church out of kolaches. And if I don't get on the kolaches, they won't have a roof
It's a kolache based kid Lutheran Church. See ya. I gotta take all of them. Do you remember those? Oh, man
I was thinking maybe some sort of auction where the church and you would each have a certain number of points
Oh, that's good arbitrary points. You could bid on different baked goods
So that would probably extend this a lot longer than you want you want it to go
I was actually just remembering do you remember the auctions that used to have a church? Yeah, it was the weirdest shit
I've told we've talked about
We have to because it's I don't think so
I barely remember it's like on the edge of my memory like if I hadn't remembered this today
I would have permanently forgotten it
Like basically if we haven't talked about it before you were given points awarded points for things like memorizing a Bible verse
So remembering to bring your Bible bringing a friend was a big one was a billion
Juicy one right there. And then at the end of the year, they would have a stage full of prizes
Like it doesn't really get amazing. Yeah, that's why I got my big mouth Billy Bass from
It is a dragon's horde. Yes. I got a baseball mitt. I got a
Tool belt one time but then you and you would see the kids they come in that night
They're standing around like, you know, like I realize I'm like, I'm definitely gonna bid on that. Oh, is that a basketball?
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna give them and then an auctioneer would auction them off
and it's so
Strange and it was a good incentive program
To save souls to save them
That's has nothing to do with this particular question, but it's fun it's fun to talk about some some stuff
I
Don't think they should be there
I think this is up to you to not let them be in there while you take your stuff
I need privacy for my selection process
Yeah, I don't put it all in your cheeks like a beautiful chip. Oh, yeah happens. So while you make eye contact with them
No again
Do y'all want some some wisdom of the crowd? Yes online
This is another is another wiki how joint that Amelia sent in that Travis saw and then made sure that I saw it and it's
It's a choice one because this article is gonna save a lot of lives
This this segment when it does feature wiki how I think it's gonna have the added benefit of being first of all real gut buster
But second of all save your life save someone's life because this one is how to act when near a coyote
That's the title of it. It was last updated April 26 2020
which is great because if there's been
Coyote evolutions coyote developments as long as they didn't happen within the last year like we're with this article is gonna have us covered
And I will just say that in all of the drawings here
The coyotes look very cute and very squat and small and that's not like the coyotes
I've seen and that's all I'm gonna say about that
But let's start let's just get into it and then we'll talk about some of the audience Q&A
Method number one defend yourself at close range by looking at them in the eyes and back away because the coyote is afraid of you
Make yourself big is another thing. No, wait, hold on that first one. I said that the coyotes afraid of me
Yeah, coyotes are generally frightened of people and will not confront you. I don't know that I trust that that might be true
But with my luck I get that coyote is like I've seen some shit. I'm not afraid of you. Yeah
There's there's yeah coyotes are nasty customers. They will good. They will come at you and that's why in this one
Hold your backpack above your head or your jacket to make yourself seem big or you can shout or yell to frighten the coyote
Or you can throw sticks or rocks to scare away the coyote
So those are things that don't throw anything at the coyote but near it I guess
Actually, damn, I'm looking at this picture the trajectory of this stick might be coyote bound don't throw sticks at coyotes
I'm gonna say that just to point my flag stick for the coyote to chase
Like I'm kind of puppy dog now this is important and God
I hope nobody got a phone call in the middle of this episode and stopped before these words
I'm saying right now and then was confronted by a pack of coyotes because guess what?
When you're dealing with an entire pack of coyotes, the instructions are
Basically the opposite you do not even give them ample space
Do not stare at any of them or act threatening toward them one right one fucking mad dog
Um, that's why they call it that you mad dog one coyote three coyotes
Look unimpressed. Let's look up at the sky. Do not shake a stick. Do not yell. Just be okay. I being somewhere else
I like that. They give the instruction give them ample space like no fuck
Like I did not think the best way was like I'm gonna crowd
I'm gonna crowd into him like I'm trying to get first in line for the buffet. You know what I mean?
Like I know yeah method number three is staying safe in coyote territory
It has only one step and it says be vigilant with your children and pets
Make sure they don't get too close since they can be drawn toward animals and there's a picture of a dad
Ushering his small blonde child away from the three coyotes that are approaching him. No, no
Yeah, these coyotes aren't for you. These sick-looking dogs aren't fun. Like yeah dog. I know I see them, too
So that's helpful. Remember one coyote scare that coyote three coyotes be scared of those coyotes and don't
That's why you need coyotes only one then, you know, it's time for fun, right?
If the coyotes are all three you lay down and you soil yourself and you hope
With shit or pee
That's the right
Now I did say that's all you need to know the community did swing in here with a lot good Q&A's and a lot of them are
fear-based
That there are coyotes in our yard and they killed all the neighbors chickens. Should I be scared? I
Don't somebody answers that says don't be scared but be wary don't go outside once it's dark and keep food inside so that you won't
Attract unwanted animals. That sounds like scared behavior to me. That sounds like scared behavior
That sounds like the behavior of a scared person. What can I do if I hear young coyotes howling near my home?
Just stay inside, especially if it's nighttime. Make sure your pets are safe as well a
Ship in harbor is safe though. And that's very young
You could get in there and reform them before it's too late. That sounds trainable right there
Yes, they're older like I've seen Fox and the Hound right that's fine. Pretty chill early on
Right now right when that Fox is bigger. I don't want
He goes I mean turns into Robin Hood, but I don't want to get in there sexy
I he's so sexy so sexual when the coyotes are young
I feel like I could get in there and befriend them like oh, here's some meat. Let's hang out
Hey, how's how's your walk with Christ?
You know, I'm in there and I'm talking to them and tell them the good things they could do with their lives and turn it around
I'm standing and delivering them. I'm gonna teach them about math and stuff, but now you guys know about coyotes
So I'm not gonna provide the answers to the next questions
I want to see if you guys can really knock it out of the park. So juice
What do I do if a coyotes outside my front door and I need to go out?
Get a bat
Yeah, that's actually not it says I recommend waiting until the coyote leaves the area if it's an emergency and you must leave your house
Do so with caution and consider bringing a weapon or something to protect yourself. Okay, so not that far off
I'm not that wicked far off. Although again, this is a community answer not from a
respected coyotologist, so
Am I in danger if I hear coyotes near my house in the mornings Travis in the mornings
No, absolutely not. They're sluggish and sleepy. They have not been warmed by the Sun yet. Yes, that's exactly it
They get their power from the Sun just like a Superman does. Yeah, I knew it Justin
I got to get to work and I have to ride my bicycle through an area with high coyote activity
What should I do tie bats to your bicycle like it just married cans? Yeah, that's what it says just here Justin
Great job. What if a pack surrounds your campsite and howls traps? You're gonna howl right back
You remember that pack now my friend welcome your coyote. That's right Travis. It says turn into a coyote with magic from
Some sort of spirit or an amorous that says it right there
Justin this one's great. What should I do if I am scared? Oh
Boy if I had the answer to that one, I'd probably be a little bit of much more chill daily existence. Yeah
Gosh, I don't know. I guess some there's some schools of thought that say like acceptance therapy
It's the way to go you accept these fears. Yes. I have these here. Okay. Sorry, let's Frank
Let's bring this specifically around coyotes if you can. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Sorry. That is your human body giving you smart news
You're bad at coyote and you shouldn't vacate. Yeah, that is your listen to the good news from your human body
Yeah, but juice. Yeah, you're wrong. You have to get to work
I would argue that there are some places
Coyote should be in some places. They shouldn't if I'm out in the forest that I see a coyote
That's his home
But if I'm at my office job working on that big report for mr
Jenkins and I turn around and there's a coyote in my cubicle that coyote should be scared. This is my business
I don't know why this has never bothered me the entirety of recording this program
but as we're doing this segment, I am repeatedly confronted with a vision of someone who
Finds themselves in a coyote situation
Yeah, and is only equipped only knows about this
Information that we have like that is the one tool they've brought with them
There is their personal item is this bit. That's what they brought to Coyote Island in my mind
There's actually a worse scenario where they have listened to this bit
But they also at some point did learn how to actually deal with it
But now they can't remember which one switch exactly
So just to cover them and cover us legally
The answer to what should I do if I am scared as provided by community is you should call your parents or the nearest person
Around or call dial 9-1-1. Whatever you do. Do not run if you run the coyotes will think you're a threat and they will chase you
Getting a lot of conflicting information here, but I do appreciate the first thing I do without the cell hit up dad
It's me. I'm on the Moby. You got me find me find me do find my phone dad. Get here
Ah, the coyote took the phone
It's me Griffin, it's everything's fine here. Did you watch dr. Who?
I just want to cover this last one too cuz I doubt it's gonna be useful but
Will you get attacked by a coyote if you are on a trampoline? Oh
And the answer is if the coyote is on a trampoline
Oh, and the community answer is if the coyotes interested in you
It doesn't matter where you are is safer if you stay inside
But my answer is if you're on a trampoline you will only be attacked by a coyote
Roughly half the time because the other half you're up in the sky coyotes can't jump
And that coyote is gonna have to get on that trampoline with you. I would say you are wicked safe on it
This is one no legal worries legal worries aside Griffin McElroy guarantee
Coyotes coming at you get up on a trampoline. They're gonna have no fucking idea what to do
If they do get up there popcorn bouncing baby, they're gonna know what the fuck to do with that
Hey, do you mind if we take a quick?
So sojourn is that the word to the money's I don't mind at all. Thank you. Absolutely. Thanks
You got a dream
Right. Yeah, I'm turning into reality. Yeah. Well bad news is I have no idea how to do that. Oh
Yes, just kidding
I had cuz I know about Squarespace and you should too. This is the service that makeup artists are using to make websites and venues and
Personal trainers and furniture makers to give us this whole list. That's always fun. There's randomly put bars and pubs
Everybody's using Squarespace to create a website. You don't need to be a web designer to make a beautiful
Looking website. You got to take your dream. Don't make a real with a Squarespace website. I want to make my dream a real
No good news trap. You can use a Squarespace site to showcase your work
You can sell products and services promote your physical or online business and you can do with all of these beautiful
Lovely templates now Justin
Can I make my stream where I realize I never finished high school and I have to go back and but it's the day of like
The finals and I haven't studied at all
and I'm worried that the teacher will notice that I haven't been there all year and for some reason also I I can fly but
I when I do I like figure it out like I just jump and don't land and I think and I think like oh
I finally figured out how to do it in real life because I think that the dream is real. Can I make that dream real?
Yeah, and this unique partnership. It's an AR activation web experience. Uh-huh for all
Consumers of the DiGiorno brand you can travel back to Travis's high school days at a website. He made
Oh cool. Uh, yeah, they got free and secure hosting to some fucking
I think you act like they don't have that because they absolutely do go to Squarespace comm slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% of your first purchase of a website or a domain
Squarespace websites
You From the internationally acclaimed creators of who shot you comes the movie podcast
Maximum film starring producer and film festival programmer Drea Clark as a woman bound by passion
I saw this eight months ago on the festival circuit and I loved it film critic Alonzo Duralde as a man
Corrupted by greed why watch one home or Christmas movie when I can watch seven and comedian if you waddy way as a man
Protecting a love that society simply won't accept
I think Pacific Rim is a perfect movie and if you can't accept that I want you out of my life from the makers of
The movie podcast who shot you comes maximum film. That's right
We changed the name of our show to maximum film, but don't worry
We're still a movie review show that isn't just a bunch of straight white dudes
So tune in to maximum film at maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
So it's you know, we're into June what of 20 big dog run and I feel like we I
We haven't been doing enough
Regarding this theme and we're always pretty negligent about the theme. So, um, I
I uh, I wanted I wanted to try to change that. I wanted to try to up our personal
Games a little bit. So I wanted to bring in
Common expert. I'm really excited. Okay, this is different for us
I don't normally just randomly spring guests on you guys, but I met this dude at the mall and
Way into it and I know just what's gonna happen the next few minutes so
I just please I guess welcome to the show Richard sink right?
Hello
Richard
So boys
Boys yes, is this Richard? Yeah, it's me Richard stink
I'm here to elevate your fragrance game
Okay, the J man told me about your fragrances and I wanted to take a moment to talk to all of my frag heads
My fraggles I call them. That's how the people like me who are obsessed
With the pursuit of fragrance. I want to talk to you guys about your fragrance
Yeah for 20 big dog run you want to find some compliment machines the real shit
That's gonna bring you so many ladies. You're gonna be freaking out about it. Well, I'm what are you working with right now?
Let's start with you the tall one. Thank you. I think I might be taller than Travis
Yeah, but he's long one, you know what I mean, but you slump so I think he means me the guy who looks like he sells
Surfboards, that's me. Okay. Well, hold on trap top right now
Hey Richard, which one of us do you mean? Which one do you want Travis? I mean Travis, right? Great
I'm currently working with my natural smell
Okay, I mean all to me and your brothers that you work with. I wear a working partner with us. I wear deodorant
Um, okay natural it aluminum. It's a it's aluminum free
No, no aluminum
But other than that, you know, I just smell good. My my my everybody likes to think it. Yes
I mean, he's a not true. Okay, I got a fragrance for you. Let me take a look at you. Let me look in your eyes
Oh, wow, you're really close
Yeah, you smell amazing
I'm sorry for you London. We don't buy you say no
Okay, but I'm never gonna be able to spell that or look you can handle it
Not no, we don't a lot of guys a lot of real guys
Things they won't be able to handle. I know we don't you know what this translates into. No
Fuck, it's fuck. I thought I can learn fine
No, you don't know why you say is that though? Is that the one little any Kravitz wears?
You're gonna get a little bit of the bergamot
There's a little bit of in the top note. Hey Richard, where are you from? What are you doing?
Shh, I'm walking through the notes. It's really important. You're gonna get that bright fresh. What is this accent? You have Richard
It's important. I get the bright fresh
Juicy bergamot that's in the opening is splash over you
All of a sudden ladies are coming out of closets and woodwork crawling through windows like a zombie moves terrifying
This bergamot, but then he's gonna we're gonna have a dry down into something
We're gonna start to get a little bit of that amp rocks in up in there. You're gonna get some notes of citrus and tobacco
cherry
No
Not for you. Okay, then why do you even enter? Yes some cherry it interacts. It's I got a lot of naturals
Is that an option you get cherry free? It's just how it interacts with different people to the whim
All right, the one you got you so you listen to me. Hey Richard
Can we go back to when you said that I would wear and get attacked?
you're gonna be it's gonna be amazing for you and the the compliments are gonna be
Of dish arts you're gonna be losing people are gonna be kool-aid manning through my wall to tell me how good I compliment you and your
personal smell little
Little one. Yeah, what do you smell like?
Just normal. What is it then? What's that? You don't have any respect for me. You don't have respect for your brother do I do?
I'm
Okay, so I guess the question I would have to ask is like how warm is it outside?
Do I have something to do outside of my house today?
Because if not, it's probably gonna be the curvy white soap the brain of which I don't even know
I've been using it so long. I buy a Costco in a billion packs stock. So probably probably so yeah still and then
But if I'm going outside, it's it I mean it is gonna be pure sport and I would love to hear you think of something
more iconic
Sorry, what was it again old spices pure sport arm? My dad is a Kmart. Let me call him and see if he heard of it
No, he said not even he would deem to experience
Look at my eyes. Yeah
Let me smell your mouth. Well, my mouth makes it I just ate some salt and vinegar potato chips
You know, I was about to say Melissa imperial by Creed
I was about to say this if you can imagine this incredible joke, it's good. And then I thought no he does not have
He does not have the money for Melissa Imperial by Creed. Do you say by creed by the band creed?
No, it's a the well, it's a band and for a fragrance house creed. Is it the same people?
Yeah, I do a green Irish spring Melissa Imperial Virgin Island water
Aventus from our with arms wide open they make Irish spring like the soap. No, it smells like this though. It's
$300. Oh, wow. Okay. I look at you little man. Yeah
Just I work I work from home I have worked from home for like 12 years
No, not really. Would you like to I don't think would you like to catch a whiff and think what is this then?
No, it's me you
When you know, it's not me. It's you you look in the mirror you see yourself. Yes
Yeah, why you don't want to sell yourself. Do you wear clothes in your little prison you call?
Wait, hold on. Wait a minute. Wait, Richard. Are you an anti-masker Richard? No, no, no
I spray I put a big spray of so Vash by Dior into my mask and I just
Thought this would be good for you little man, you know, there's a spokesman for this one
You got any thoughts about those Fauci emails there Richard? No
You know is the spokesman for this one for so wash what you know this now it's one of your favorite actor Johnny Depp
Exactly. He's a favorite Johnny Depp. I bet you love him. I mean
Sovage is not for you. It's not
Not not club then a week. No, that doesn't sound and not oh
Could you handle
Do you have any bod
Yeah, this is like axe yeah
It's like a red axe. It's not really aerosol eyes. This is you get what your shirt gets wet when you put it on
Hey, this is a joke. I for you. Yeah. Look at me
Mmm, Terry muggler. Yeah, I didn't pure malt car de a
Do any of them have a roll-on applicator? Squidward has a cologne though. Yeah, that sounds fucking funny. It's $11
Perfect perfect. Perfect. No, no for you. Yeah. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this
It's Invictus
For you Invictus, but buckler a bomb sick. It's got a nice you're gonna open this up. You're gonna take a spray
Mmm, what is this? Is this a bubble gum? It is
It's bubble gum a huge spray. That's a top note. You got the nice bubble gum
You're gonna have a dry down and then it's gonna be more bubble gum. Is it gum, right?
It's mainly gum like a gum sit with some like but is it gum for my mouth gum? No, you don't
No
No, it's still there's just gum you rub on your body. It's huge the flankers on this thing
You're gonna get a lot of different
Invictus flankers the bottle looks like a little trophy. Yeah, so cute is
Is affordable reasonably price shit?
I'm gonna have a lot of questions for Justin once Richard stank leaves you get the 3.4 ounce all the before how much?
Three point four no money all the money Richard how much money Richard is a reason tell me Richard how much money?
He's so reasonable a number Richard for intense
Invictus intense or
regular Invictus which one
Intense if I'm which way if I'm gonna go to I know which one you need. Yeah
It's Paco Rabanne. Yeah, so is that you know, there's that good or bad, you know, this is Paco Rabanne money
How much Richard it looks like a little trophy?
3.4 ounces. That's a lot of sprays
It's almost almost all it's almost infinite sprays if you think Richard how much money?
$70
Yeah, I don't think I might do that rich. It's affordable. It's affordable
I guess compared to some of the other sense that you've talked about compared to something by create the Melissa member. Yeah. Oh
Four hundred five hundred dollars. I mean, I don't worry me of this. What do you wear?
Me I wear
secretions menu for a boy
He says smells like this one. It smells like a cheese like a cheese
All right, geez, I was like geez. Okay. I think it's time for Richard to go
Richard go go go go go Richard go go. All right, you promise me. No, no, you don't get an outro Richard
You need to go right now Richard. You need to go right now Richard. I
Didn't think it would go like that. And I I'm sorry that I stepped out for so I do
And how did you meet this guy and think like at the mall this guy kicks ass and he's funny and I gotta get them
At the mall at the mall he I noticed he wasn't wearing a mask
Everybody else was and I was like that's weird
And he's like I don't I took it off so I could smell some different things
And then I had a bottle of polo club sport in my hand
He smacked it out of my hand and his hands like really big like they're the hands are like really big felt bad
So I think I was just feeling kind of intimidated and I let him be on our podcast and I am sorry about that
I'm sorry about Richard's sink and I'm sorry. I let him be on this
I think the biggest thing for me is that usually when we do have a
Richard stink come on the show
We imprison him in the introduction to the show and I feel like having Richard stink come in, you know
30-some odd minutes in
Really caught a lot of us by surprise in a sense
You could blame the fast-food industry for not coming up with new stuff, huh?
Okay, so the people who are detractors of munch squad need now they know
What is behind the curtain? What is behind what what lies behind this veil of ignorance?
And that is if much squad goes away Richard stink come to play, you know
People like I think this is gonna be a divisive moment. Okay in the in the show's history
Yeah, because I like guests. Yeah
Fresh energy. Yeah to the show and a lot of people don't like can I say you my one regret? I
I didn't ask Richard if stink was his real name and it led him to the smell game
or
was he so into smells that he changed his last thing to stink and
I was knowing his parents were stink up a wits. Oh in 10
How do you know so much about Richard stink Justin? It was a long drive back from the mall
Did you start to take him back there to get his car?
He's giving me a thumbs up like he's fine here, which I'm not crazy about. Oh, boy. Hey
All right, yeah, we're good he's gotten the hint he's leaving but you drove there Justin I did I think he's gonna hitchhike
No, he stole my wife's car. God dang it. Oh shoot
Happens to the best of us. Yes. We hear another question. Yeah
What's wrong?
Still thinking about Richard stink, I guess
Well, this is the problem, right? You think at first it's not very good. And then it I guess he kind of gets
I just have a hole in my heart for this is this delightful little little French smell monster
He's not he definitely wasn't French
He's not French. What? Okay
He he seemed to be an amalgamation of several accents
Yeah, yeah, just can I say something actually now that he's out of it? Yeah
Yeah, please don't bring up his walk with Christ cuz it's like get angry at you. Did you try to it's no
I did and it was like half the drive
So like please if Richard sick ever comes back on the show, please don't bring up his walk with Christ. Okay. Thank you. Sure
My mom and I recently attended the wedding of an acquaintance
The wedding was for the son of a family friend. So we're not particularly close to them
We chose to go the easy route on the gift and give them a card with some cash in it
Perfect, but now my mom can't seem to remember if she put the money in the card
Oh shit shit shit. Did we actually just give them a card as a wedding present?
I don't want them to think we're cheapskates. They will our our family already has a bad rep for being late to everything
Yes, we were late to the wedding. I don't want another stigma be spurting our good name
Should we ask them if we put money in the card or should we just send them another card with money just in case?
That's from awful wedding guests in Austin man. That second one. I think would be a big swing and a miss, huh?
It would be it's the worst imaginable answer is to send them another car with money in it
Cuz with a little inscription that's like here's some more I guess
Because more or or any the first of it
Yeah, this this one seems pretty it's embarrassing, but she got to just say like hey
This is embarrassing, but my mom doesn't remember she put money in the card and I was there money in that card
Oh, and then but they might fib to get double money
But then the guilt is on them and not on you
But and they oh, but what if they know what if they're like, I think they're testing me
And if I say no and they know that they did oh
It's gonna be uncomfortable no matter yeah, but the most
Most uncomfortable is you do double card double money. That sucks
next right behind that is you did not give them any money and you just gave them a great card that says like
I enjoy the can't enjoy that. Yeah, I hope you don't spend it all in one place
Can you create a third person? That's neither you nor your mother that you can blame it on
Can you create a some kind of bumbling?
You know a bun berry if you will where you can say like, oh, yeah. No, um our
our butler was supposed to put the money in the card and now
Uh, he can't remember if he did or not. And if he didn't I'm gonna fire him, right?
A real uncle Billy is what you're talking. Yes
It was supposed to go in but now mr. Potter is gonna take over the whole fucking fucking money, Billy
Yeah, you guys just say it this is a tough one but it's it is I don't you can deal with this
That you can deal with. Oh, all right
Not is it not for jokes? Can we really play out that phone call? Sure. Can you be the okay, go ahead
Hey, hey, what's up? This is chair and I wanted to say sorry
What's Jen and I wanted to say that mine, you know how we were at the wedding great job great wedding
I loved it. Oh, thank you. It was really special to have you guys there
I wouldn't actually I like how you yelled. I like how you yelled your vows
Thanks. I want to ask you in but actually your first do your thing first. No, you do your thing first
No, no, no, no, no. No, I insist. Yeah, so my it's so silly but like I know we gave you a card
Yeah, and then inside of it
Was
Well, think about did you get we got a lot we had literally does
The third person on this
Has to get always has to if one of us is quiet for too long
Yeah, the fuck out
I'm hey, was there money in it? Did my mom put money in it? Did I say you could talk to Jen?
I don't remember it really I was just the gift was having you guys. Okay. Okay, that's one right? I don't remember
second
No, there wasn't nothing. I remember you still the food Jan try Travis, please
I'm not Travis in this scenario Justin. Okay. All right, your character's new husband who had turned out as a real lemon
Please be quiet husband named Travis. Okay
So, no, no, no, there wasn't any money in it
Shit okay, how much do you want?
Don't
Just timeout Griffin froze the guys was how until you want and then how much do you need and I
better I
How much to make all this go away
It was more than enough just having you there. No it what no stop it
I don't want you to key. I don't want this to continue to be a thing. How much money do you need?
You're not an ATS. See, this is terrible. This doesn't work either. None of no
Five hundred dollars you tell me how much feels right for me of that to give to you now. Oh
I mean all 500 of it. It was a hard day and it was a hard day
Are you
I
Don't like this guy
You know, he I think I yeah, I don't I think I'm already I think I have bigger worries honestly considering how my husband is shaking out
Hey, thanks. Thanks so much for listening to podcasts this one. Yeah, our podcast my brother my brother me. I had a quick
thing I did a
voiceover
Narration if you will for a show called bad vibes. It's a podcast made by q-code
It's a horror anthology and I got a character named. Mr. Boogie. It's kind of a southern
Spooky guy and it's kind of scary southern guy and I I don't know
it's a really cool series thing a lot of cool people involved with it and
if you would check it out on a podcast listing service, all the episodes are out now and
You I think you would dig it. So
Check it out. It's called bad vibes. You can get like there's like a trailer you can I don't know it's free just like
just
Listen to it. It's cool. It's oh, it's also good like 3d art. It's like 3d audio
So it's like you hear something from over here. It sounds like it's only a shop
Listen with headphones as long as we're promoting our shows. I do a podcast with my two brothers where people write in and ask questions for advice
Sometimes we have like character bits
Sometimes we have these really classic segments where like I come up with kind of brilliant prompts for my brothers to see if they it's
Call my brother my brother. I mean if you want to check it out, you can it's available on most podcatchers
Speaking of we are doing a live show of that podcast. Yes. Oh, yeah
25th at 9 p.m. Eastern Time. Those tickets are on sale now. It is live and virtual
So you can watch it from anywhere tickets are just $10
You go to bit.ly slash MBM be am virtual to get those tickets
and the good news is even if you that time zone doesn't work for you, or if you miss the show
It will be available on video demand for two weeks. So you're plenty of time to see it bit.ly slash MBM be am virtual
Also, go check out the merch over at McElroy merch comm our pin of the month is and I also want a sword pin with
A huge picture of Griffin macro in there and the proceeds from that benefit uncomfortably well comfy. It's great picture me
It benefits the Trevor project which provides crisis intervention and suicide prevention services for the LGBTQ plus
Community specifically young people under 25. We also have a do you hear that babe?
We're legends shirt from the adventure zone balance a portion of those proceeds also go to benefit the Trevor project
Go check that out. Happy pride
Go out there. Have fun. Now that it's a little bit safer stay hydrated. It's so important folks
And don't forget to pre-order the adventure zone Crystal Kingdom the next graphic novel in the graphic novel series
You can go to the adventure zone comic.com. It comes out July 13th of this very year
The pre-order gift from our publisher for second is a Kravitz
Lenticular laptop sticker and you can submit receipts for the pre-order gift at bit.ly slash Taz for pre-order
Hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
It's a great track and it's got it has a lot of Grammy buzz and we are sure appreciative of
Montaigne for letting us use that wonderful song and
Thanks to maximum fun. Go to maximum fun. Our check out all the great shows there
they got a bunch of stuff that you're just gonna really vibe on and
You're gonna really cruise to them and do you want a final yahoo? Yeah, this is a this one's it
This is it now. Wait, hold on. Wait, is this a real one's actually a real one
I went through the through the archives on our gmail account where people used to send those in
I don't see a reason to give that out anymore because
This website's not existing anymore, but this is a archived one and it was sent in by Corbam
Thank you Corbam and it's asked by yahoo answers user Chester the elder who asks
How much?
Spaghetti is there when?
How much spaghetti is there when mama makes spaghetti for us? My name is Griffin McElroy. I don't know how many times I can keep doing this. This has been my brother my brother made kiss your dad square on the lips.
It's better with you. It's better with you. My life. It's better. It's better with you.
Cause it's true. It's better. It's better with you. My life. It's better with you.
Maximumfun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
