The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's the most wonderful time of the year. No, there's no movie watches.
There's no holidays to report on. No friends, it's much better than that.
It's Max Fun Week, a week-long celebration of all things related to the Maximum Fun Network.
Now, I want to clarify here, because I've seen some people, you know, you talk about Max Fun Week,
and everybody goes, oh, another pledge drive, but here's the thing.
Shut the fuck up.
Yeah, also, shut up, wiener.
No, I'm towing a hard line. You just assume every holiday that we cook up and invent,
is a ploy for us to get money from you, but no, I'll go eat a bag of butts.
Yeah, sorry. Some things are just about human joy, creating human joy. That's where we're at,
and that's what the Maximum Fun Network is all about, and that's what we're doing this week.
There's been already a bevy, can I say a bevy?
You can.
Is that fair? A bevy of activities.
A flurry.
A flurry, I guess, yeah, you could go with that, as part of the Max Fun Week celebration,
and there is more to come. Today, it's worth noting, is Share Your Favorite Episode Day,
so pick your favorite Max Fun show.
It's gonna be this one. I just know it's gonna be this one.
It's gonna be this one, and share your favorite episode with somebody.
Maybe you like it classic. Maybe Spaghetti Gatton's your favorite episode.
Maybe you like one of the live ones. Those are the only two I can remember.
Or maybe you're branching out, and you wanna say that your favorite episode is the episode
of Jordan Jesse Go! I was on, or the episode of Lady 2 Lady I was on.
Oh, wow.
Branching out, but into very specific Travis-based directions.
Or maybe the episode of Wham Bam Pow I was on.
Oh, wow. Travis, are you the most prolific Maximum Fun guest, do you think, at this point?
You think you've been on the most number of Maximum Fun shows?
Let me think. Yes.
Probably.
I need to get on Sawbones. I need to find an N there.
Yeah, good luck. Maximum Fun dot org, four slash Max Fun Week is where you can go to
read all about the activities. There's still a lot more to come.
There's also a, depending on when this publishes, oh, yeah, there'll be time.
There is an Ask Me Anything with Jesse and Jordan at two.
These are Pacific times, by the way, at two.
Julie from Destination DIY is doing one at four.
And Lisa and Emily from Baby Genius is doing one at six.
So, get there.
Which, by the way, if you haven't checked out the new shows,
check out Destination DIY, check out Flophouse, and I'm now the producer
for Baby Geniuses, so triple check that out.
Whoa.
What's with this, what's with, what's with your whole steez lately?
Yeah, you're really getting, if I can say above your raisin,
I feel like you're getting above your raisin right now.
Listen, I'm elevated. I'm a new man. I'm on my grind. I'm on my grind.
Driver's on his grind is the worst.
Can we find a happy medium between Justin and I having no grind to speak of whatsoever
and you having like an extreme grind?
Do we need like a medium grind, like for drip coffee?
Shouldn't you legally have to spend some of your grind, grinding for us? It seems like.
I'm on that twerk. I'm on that twerk. I'm twerking, I'm twerking for my personal brand.
Listen, listen.
That's my butt cheeks.
Is that your butt?
That's your butt slapping against your butt.
That's my butt cheeks clapping.
For you, saying, hey, good job.
For you, saying great job. You did a really great job on the one podcast you're on.
That's not true. I'm actually on Judge John Hodgman this week.
We've got a massive guest. Speaking of, we've got a massive guest.
He is 900 feet tall and he's made entirely out of granite.
It's Judge John Hodgman. That's going to happen soon, so get ready.
I mean, Judge John Hodgman is a character that he plays.
We got him. We went behind the scenes and we got the man behind.
The man who's obsessed with Bowser from Sean on Off.
Oh, guys.
Stay tuned.
Until then, let's do some questions and help some people.
If somebody sneezes in the bathroom stall next to you, should you say bless you?
I was recently in a bathroom and I sneezed.
The other person in the stall did not say bless you.
Okay, wait.
I'm assuming that you don't mean in the stall with you because that would be rude.
Someone in the stall touching me sneezed.
Someone's staring at me, waiting to hand me a hot towel.
Then I thought maybe I was being too judgmental.
However, the lady didn't wash her hands.
Three exclamation points.
So I'm not really sure what the proper etiquette would be since this lady obviously didn't have any.
That's from Megan.
Well, I...
First of all, Megan, I want to compliment you on your full in-depth study of this woman.
She didn't say bless you, but she also didn't wash her hands, so it kind of balances out.
We have been penalized so many times in this program for rushing to judgment,
and I want to celebrate you for not doing that.
You could have just said, wow, what a jerk, but you decided to go John Quinones
and really explore the whole situation that this woman was encompassing,
rather than just saying you're a bad person.
You have a whole in-depth investigation, which I really celebrate.
And it's really fortunate that you didn't rush to judgment and say this person is such a jerk
because you would have been dead wrong.
Griffin is correct.
It is my opinion that when someone is inside the actual stall itself, they cease to exist to you.
And it's weird, right?
Because, and obviously I'm saying this as a dude,
and this is not so much a thing that a woman would experience,
but when you're next to each other at the urinal, it is a very communal place.
It is a place of bonding and fellowship, I would say.
And then in the stalls, you are buried 800 feet underground in a big, big safe.
It is the reason that if I were out of sync
and somebody asked me to hand them a paper towel, not a deal at all.
But when someone asks for toilet paper,
because it's this like, yes, for some reason.
So it makes me, the very idea of it gives me heart palpitations.
If you responded to that in any life situation,
someone is going to try to put a spoon on your tongue,
assuming that you're having a spoon.
Why did I ask?
Oh, curse me.
You can't.
You can't make any noise in there.
It's a silent safe zone.
It's practically a church.
Upsetting conduct that I have witnessed, well, not witnessed obviously,
but well, maybe, yeah, ear witnessed from people in stalls,
but number one, and this one kills me, is the listening to music from your phone.
While you're going for it.
I was in a toilet at a restaurant the other day
and I was in a stall next to a guy who was shopping for ringtones.
It's pretty cool.
It was a pretty cool scene.
I mean, when the fuck else do you get?
Justin, where do you find the time to build your personal brand?
Yeah, try to figure out how you express yourself to the world.
You're missing time.
Where else are you going to shop for ringtones though, right?
Like if you're hanging out with friends and loved ones,
that's not a time to do it.
You're at a picnic.
No, I'm going to go play froth.
I'm not going to shop for ringtones.
It is a good point though.
I think the only thing that would be more embarrassing to do in public
than defecate would be to try to pick the ringtone
that best fits your personal style.
So stressful.
I am honestly, I'm too embarrassed to do that anymore.
I've got like a pretty standard issue beep going on now.
I stumbled on in my last phone.
I had the immortal Koji Kondo theme to the Super Mario World 2 Yoshi's Island theme.
Fun little ditty.
Nothing gets better than that though.
One of the things I was most impressed by when I was in Scotland,
I mean, along with the beautiful vistas and all of that,
was that their bathroom stall doors close in such a way that there are no gaps.
Like you can't see through them.
Like you can't hear in Heathen America.
But I've never witnessed any kind of soundproofing in a stall.
And that's what you want.
I would rather soundproof than sightproof those things.
You know what I mean?
Maybe some baffling.
Some nice baffling.
Oh, sure.
Inexpensive acoustic treatment.
I don't think that's too much to ask.
No, now you will need to set fire to it once a day.
And replace it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That phone.
That phone remembers.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes.
Absolutely.
This one was sent in by Yadru Answers shaman Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yadru Answers user, Emily, who asks,
what can I be for Halloween at work?
I have to wear my Papa John's shirt and hat, but not the pants.
We can wear makeup.
He was a pants-less employee.
We can go as a fired employee.
We could wear makeup or anything else.
I also have the whiteout zombie contacts, too.
What?
One Yahoo Answers user named Liz responded,
be a zombie and wear scary makeup.
Thanks, you shithead.
You don't think they looked at their constituent components
of zombie eyes and scary makeup and didn't think,
well, let's just do that?
They're trying to think outside the bun
and they're trying to fucking fold a no-pants situation in here.
Or clever pants, right?
Can you be Papa John's employee from the waist up,
mandated by Papa John himself,
but something else from the waist down?
You could be like a pizza mermaid.
Or pizza centaur, I think would be really great.
Pizza centaur.
Now you will need a friend for this.
You will need a friend with eight hours to kill.
And a strong back.
It's very strong back.
He's gonna be down by that pizza heat, too,
so he needs to have a high tolerance.
What if the pizza centaur was the one delivering the pizzas?
That would be quite the show to see in your driveway.
But they, I mean, they would eat it.
Could you wear, could you find a friend who's a-
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Griffin, centaurs do not just eat any pizza
put in front of them.
Why would you assume that?
They can't.
They're fucking crazy for this one.
No, they're very well-behaved.
No, not around pizza.
They're people just like us.
Read my fucking novel.
Read my young, my youth adult books.
My youth adult books.
Read Griffin's series of YA fiction, Cintines.
The story of centaur teens trying to,
who've traveled here from the Equestriaverse.
The main character, Buck, is probably my favorite.
Yeah.
Oh God, guys, we're gonna lose the big skateboard meet.
All right, get me skateboards.
Two of them, because I got four legs.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Did, could you ask a friend who works at Pizza Hut
if you could borrow their pants?
And then just everybody comes in and just be like, get it?
Wait a minute.
Do you get it?
All right, can I get a personal pan pizza?
Wait a minute, you don't do that here.
I thought it was in Pizza Hut because of your crazy pants.
What's going on here?
Is this some sort of prank?
Pizza pizza, right?
Oh boy.
You could dress up like, you could dress up your face
like the guy in all the Papa John cover.
Is his name just John?
Can we establish what his fucking-
No, I think his name is Papa John.
It's John.
I'm Papa John.
You could dress up like that dude in the face department,
which is to say like the most heavily caked on makeup
you've ever seen on a dude on television.
Oh my God, oh my God.
His face extends out like four and a half extra inches
from his regular face.
He looks like he's wearing like one of those sad old clown masks.
Oh, he's wearing like dark man skin.
We obviously don't have as many like CEOs
in their commercials I think as we used to.
You know, you don't have the Dave Thomas's
or Ron McDonald, not a lot in the commercials anymore.
But don't you think that at a certain point
you would be in enough commercials
that you would achieve like a base level of competency
with being in a commercial?
Like at some point you would begin to grow
as a commercial performer?
I would argue that Papa John has gone
the opposite direction.
No, and I think that's just because he's resting
more and more control with each commercial he's in.
And I think very recently he became in charge
of the makeup department and he says,
I just want a little touch up.
Also, can you make my eyes look like
that crazy Richard Alpert guy from Lost?
Terrific, thank you very much.
Do you think maybe the problem is that when he's up there
and he's performing with a heavy hitter,
like a Peyton Manning, it's just really hard for him
to like step up to that same level of acting proficiency?
Yeah, that's exactly what Peyto is bringing to the mix.
Peyton is another good example of somebody
who is belligerently not getting any better
at being in commercials.
He's in every commercial and he refuses to learn anything.
It's stubbornly bad.
If I was in as many football matches
as a Peyton Manning has been commercials,
at this point I would be throwing the occasional INT,
but I think I'd be putting up a decent fantasy performance.
What if it's like when you're like an actor
who's known for that and it's like he has improved,
he's actually got like a degree from Juilliard now,
but they're like, no, just be the Peyton
for the Subway commercial.
And he's like, but I really want to like expand.
I want to like-
If you insist, I shall put on the ruse.
Come on down to Papa Job's pizza palace.
Did you say pizza with a B?
I don't know, man.
Touchdown.
Eli, come here and catch a fat slice.
We don't like to call them fat slices.
It's not appetizing verbiage, Peyto.
Did you call it a pizza palace?
Yep.
I'm gonna get my whole, all my colts around.
We're gonna slam some pizzas together.
Here's your $5 million.
Thank you very much.
I needed that.
I'll put it on top of the other $6 million
that I earned this week for all my touchdown throws.
And he thinks he still thinks he plays for the Colts?
Yeah.
That's upsetting too.
That's the character of Peyton he plays on TV.
Okay.
Every horse-based team falls under a single umbrella for him.
He did do that, didn't he?
Yeah, this motherfucker's crazier about horses than we are.
And I didn't think that was possible.
What about the Washington Centaurs?
I would root for that team hands down.
You guys know that there's a team called the Washington Redskins.
You heard about that, right?
I've heard of it, yes.
Okay.
Do you know that I, the owner of a three and three fantasy football team,
am not at this moment sure if that is Washington State or Washington DC?
Here's the interesting fact.
Hand to God, I don't know.
It's a timeshare.
It's both.
It's both, Peyton.
Okay.
They're like sister city states.
And they said like, we'll go in on this together
because each of them couldn't afford a full team by themselves.
So they split the cost right down the middle.
How mad must Washington DC have been when they hurt?
Because you know that news took a long time to travel back then.
Those motherfuckers called the state what?
They called it what?
I wanted them to call it Oregon, but up some more.
And that was my original name.
I don't see what's wrong with Oregon, but up some more.
But fine, fuck it, whatever.
They called it Washington too, at least, right?
My husband and I recently moved into our first home in a neighborhood
that has a lot of elementary and middle school age kids.
My memories of middle school suggest we should be at least a little on guard
for mailbox bashing, TPed trees, and other mild hooliganism.
How can we plan our candy costume or exterior decor situation to deter
pranking if there is no stopping the tricksters,
which we did prepare ourselves in our home for the aftermath?
That's from please just take the candy and go.
Can I say something?
I feel like if your house gets forked, do you guys know about forking?
No, I'm not aware of forking.
You steal all your forks.
No, you get a bunch of plastic forks and you like jam them into their yard.
And kill all the groundhogs.
No, no, no, it's not.
It's just there's forks there now where there weren't forks before.
Now there's forks.
It's not just if you get forked or you get mailbox bashed or you get TPed or egged.
I would consider that a refreshing spring breeze compared to like the game
that teens are pulling down in today's modern era.
You know what I mean?
Like if I'm saying this Halloween, like people are going to go door to door
and like fucking docks people and release their bank account number
and like somehow get a picture of everyone's dicks
and post it on your fucking next door forum board.
And then that's that's the equivalent.
That's where we're at nowadays.
I'm saying that this mild hooliganism has turned into like full blown identity theft.
In real life.
I mean, in movies, they always show it being so like upsetting when someone gets TPed.
But I think that like I think it's almost kind of flattering in a way.
Because it's like, hey, you're involved in this now.
So annoying.
Have you ever had to get it off, though?
Oh, no, you just leave it.
Until the birds come get it.
Oh, the birds take it away and build a nest.
And they wipe their ass.
Dirty birds.
I really liked when a couple of kids who we did community theater with tried to TP our house
and then Todd, our huge, huge, huge neighbor, yelled at them and chased them off.
Take that kids.
Take that little kids.
Get out of here.
Is giving away good candy still like a solid defense against this?
But that's extortion at that point, right?
You're giving into it.
You're negotiating.
You're negotiating with baby terrorists.
You turn the extortion around and you say like, listen, I bought you full sized candy bars this
year.
Yeah, you enjoy that?
You like that?
Would you like this train to keep it rolling?
Well, I guess that's up to you.
I think you're just perpetuating climate of fear.
Still extortion.
I would love to get egged if it meant I didn't have to get doxxed every fucking week and have
to move every week and establish new passwords every week and just like explain to people,
no, that's not my dick every week.
That would be excellent if we could avoid that.
That would be fantastic if we could just not have that for one.
Just give me one week's respite, please.
You should just talk to your neighbors and see if this is actually an issue because I'm
willing to bet it's not as bad as you think it is.
Keep a porch light on.
Don't leave your pumpkin on the front porch.
You know, I don't know.
You're saying don't celebrate Halloween essentially.
No, no, no.
Just at the end of the night, like bring it inside.
For some reason, that's the big concern to me.
Someone might smash my pumpkin.
I think they're doing you, if they do that after sugar treat, they're doing you a favor.
I think.
You know what's great in Austin is that they'll smash your pumpkin and then they'll start a
compost heap in your front yard.
So considerate.
It's super considerate, yeah.
Sinks like shit, though.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Absolutely.
This Yahoo was sent in by Michael Allen.
Thank you, Michael Allen.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Mr. Lizards who asks,
what should I name my new restaurant that only serves leftovers from other restaurants?
I am hoping to open a successful restaurant and I just need a good name.
Here's the concept.
There's nothing better than eating a delicious meal at a nice restaurant and having enough
to take home and eat later.
Doubles.
My restaurant will serve leftovers from other restaurants so you can experience that joy
without the trouble of having to go to the other restaurant in the first place.
I plan to offer a premium menu with options from places like Olive Garden, Applebee's,
and Red Lobster, as well as value items like Pizza Hut pizza or Mcdonald's.
Burgers and Fries.
It is a very wise business model because I will not have the expense startup costs of
ovens or grills.
I'll just need an extra large walk-in cooler and a few microwaves.
Here are some names I'm considering.
Good Re- Good Re- Eats.
Twice Baked.
Lefto- Leftovers.
This is my favorite so far.
Please let me know if you need additional info to come up with a good name.
The middle man.
The middle man.
That's not bad.
Shloppy Seconds.
Shloppy Seconds is pretty good too.
Time slash money waster.
Can we figure out if this is actually going to be a viable business decision?
Because I at first blush I thought about it and I said well the the overhead there is
going to be outrageous right you're you are you are spending more money on the food you're
paying for other restaurants's labor right and then you're you're in the worst markup
position you could possibly be but at the same time you're gonna fucking eat that stuff
anyway so the thing the thing is the thing this question asker is missing the the core
principle of why leftovers are so great because you pay for the meal once and you eat it twice
it's not that the cold day old food is so much better than the new stuff but imagine
actually introduced another set of hands someone else has touched this thing i it's it's it's
i don't think it's a terrible idea and here's why my favorite food items at restaurants across the
the great city of austin texas uh are just that all across the great city of austin texas if i
could bring them all together into one super restaurant oh fuck yeah oh man get my favorite
dessert from from from the salty sal and get some some sushi from uchiko man actually you don't
really want no secondhand but let me poke a few holes in this plan one like okay so say you want
a ten dollar hamburger from tgi friday's right if this place has that they're going to have to
charge you more so you're going to be paying more for older food no no you're then how are they
going to make money no no you're missing you're misunderstanding i go to tgi here's here's the
business model i go to tgi friday's i get my favorite ten dollar burger in the world and i
eat half of it and then i take that to the to sloppy seconds and maybe they give me 250 for it
then they reheat it resell it for seven it's like a food pawn shop i would insist on consignment
though yeah can i come back and get the rest of the burger later you hold on this burger for 30
days the only uh one of the advantages i could see to sloppy seconds would be that i could buy
chick-fil-a with a clean conscience they have filtered the hate through sloppy seconds although
the owner of this place is probably a hateful person too let's be honest but i i could filter
it i could have some plausible deniability there it was already bought well this is from oh my god
i had no i i mean it did taste like soggy like pickle chicken so i should have known i'm just
picturing a desperate person like at the counter saying because these are good french fries man
these are good friends i paid top for these french fries and there travis you've just pulled
the linchpin out and the whole thing just fucking fell apart because this restaurant cannot possibly
under any circumstances sell french fries just can't exactly can't be done and old nachos old
nachos especially no no and french fries no the whole thing is just terrible
i would probably eat there you probably would because you're a fucking
sarlacc in the shape of a man you're a sarlacc and cowboy boots
uh can we go ahead and go the money zone i think we should
good news mr rough face i really i've asked you several times to stop calling me that it's not
my it's hurtful there's one solution though uh for your rough face you don't even only one
finally good news everyone someone invented the razor my brother my brother and me is
supported by harry's.com the place that invented finally the razor i don't think that's 100%
true harry's delivers a better by which i mean first shaving experience for a fraction of the
price of their competitors of which there are none so did they name them after the fucking scooters
then yes named after the popular yet defunct method of transport teen transportation uh the
company makes amazing german engineered uh razors i don't know why we have to specify
german engineered as they're the only uh items of their kind i myself have shaved with uh the
world's first razor and i can say that it was a smooth shaving experience actually you know what i
got uh this week they sent harry sent me some uh some additional shaving products there was some
aftershave lotion from harry's which i've never tried before and i actually used this morning
and i found the scent delectable so you're saying i no longer just have to burn all the hair off
my face every other day no don't get that that comically oversized magnifying glass out to try
to burn individual hairs like so many ants crawling across the scape of your visage but i
kind of like i kind of like the way it feels now would you say it works better than wishing the
hair off yes it does it works better than all other methods this is a how does it work well
here let me describe it for 15 you will get a uh a stick uh-huh you will get some cream okay you'll
put the cream on your face you will get it's flammable cream and it helps burn the hair no
it's not in any way playable you'll get three sharp metallic wishing cream wishing cream smear
it on your face it's a wishing cream by men and there's no wishing cream uh this is wishing
cream by men and i fucking brought it off my tv once i think that that is a competing shave
place that you probably shouldn't mention in a harry's ad oh can i what if i say it sucks dick
what doesn't exist in the fiction of the ad you for 50 you get a handle a stick to put the sharp
things on you get three blades which are sharp metallic like flat things that you scrape across
your face and it makes the hair die like railroad rails they're like flat railroad rails that you
scrape across your face 15 bucks for that and you get three different blades so the the one downside
of razors that they're hoping to fix in the coming months is that they eventually dull over time but
there are three blades now so you can swap them out once they get a little dull and you don't get
that smooth shaving experience and they even offer custom engraving so you can get the handle of your
razor engraved with your initials it's convenient and it's easy to order online go to harry's.com
and use the promo code my brother all one word and harry's is going to give you five dollars off
your first purchase of the first razor for all my brother my brother me listeners what a deal we
also are sponsored this week by prosper who has sponsored us before and it's a super cool idea in
my opinion and basically what it is you go to prosper.com it's a peer-to-peer lending site
so the idea is is that rather than go to a bank rather than go to some big faceless bank that
doesn't give two shits about you you go to prosper.com and it's other people just like you
lending you the money my bank said they love me your bank does not love you they love you like
like a grain in the ocean they don't give two literal shits about you but you can borrow up
to thirty five thousand dollars from prosper but here's the thing they also do smaller loans too
because if you're like me you think about the thirty five thousand and that's like an astronomical
imaginary number but they also do as low as twenty five hundred dollars so anywhere in
between that you can apply for those loans maybe you know banks give out lots of home loans they
give lots of car loans but maybe you're looking for something to pay off a medical bill maybe
you're wanting to go on a vacation maybe you're needing to pay for a honeymoon or a wedding
or you've got moving expenses or anything like that that maybe a bank would say well that's not
really the kind of thing we do well prosper does we love we love you though like i'll
don't love you like i'll fucking buy that again they wish you were dead and here's the thing you
can apply online you never have to set foot in a bank you just go to prosper.com apply online you
can check your rate instantly without affecting your your credit then go to prosper.com slash
my brother if you get a loan you get fifty dollar gift card check it out you want to do uh you want
to do this in the style of jimmy buffett maybe just like how you think he talks give me one
second are you getting a guitar son of a bitch other restrictions apply see your site for
programming visa prepaid card details this card is issued by a center state bank of florida
na pursue it to a license from visa usa inc
bank all personal loans are made by web banking utah chartered industrial bank member fdic equal
opportunity lender i think i think wasted away again and needing moneyville
going to prosper to get some dough
some people claim that i'm not worth the risk and they're right
i'm not worth the risk
all right so and we're gonna just keep on we're gonna get through all this together
um got a message for the cutie patootie with a rockin booty oh somebody's reaching out to me
talk to me this message is for justin uh uh it's from luke aka pajama rye you know that name that
you two have for him justin cute beauty no i'm not the cutie patootie with a rockin booty no
it's actually rosio domo luke says to rosio domo you thought i couldn't outdo last year's present
of infiltrating chinatown and buying pokemon x and y before the street date well bam here's our
favorite brothers breaking the street date on our love people may mistake us for siblings on the reg
but we should probably still make out catch you later banana mater catch you later banana mater
i did it faster that time and are you ready to have your minds blown we are delivering this on
the day oh nice um well don't say that because we're recording this pretty far ahead of time
and i mean no it's correct on the 20th we're not just i'm just saying anything could happen
okay well happy uh what's that anniversary love is that what it is birthday birthday all right well
that's good whatever i'm not sure it's one of those things it's unclear happy celebration birthday
it's last year's present so i don't know it's i don't know the occasion i'm saying this luke sounds
like a uh no you just read ahead didn't you we're gonna get to that but don't don't rain on luke
and cutie patootie's parade um i think it sounds like luke is a kind of a no limit soldier because
he he could have gone to pokemon jail for breaking that street date yeah and it's hard in there geo
dude doing pull-ups but you can wear shorts you can they're comfortable and easy that is true
justin go ahead and i mean you ruined the fucking go ahead and read it justin who is this message
for tom reagan who's this message from future tom reagan what is your message having two dicks
turned out really great how far in the future is tom reagan is it is it is this a minority report
situation did a pre did a pre-cock god step forward and and reveal to him an ill omen because
this is it's from future not present day tom to past tom this is future tom to present day tom
and it's not past tom or current tom reaching out to future tom asking about two dicks uh-huh
because somewhere in the future tom has achieved or had added two dicks it turned out really great
so present tom if you're listening and you're debating a major dick decision i think you know
which way to go is this coded i hope not you just hope it's you're taking a face value his face is
the least of his concerns right now sure having two dicks could have gone either way but it turned
out really great mark your calendars for a brand new thing the first ever max fun week is coming up
october 15th through 21st max fun week's all about celebrating the creativity and passion of our
listeners we'll have podcast crossovers q a's behind the scenes tours giveaways and more no
fundraising just awesome stuff for you so tune in to your favorite max fun shows tell a friend
about max fun and check out some new shows during max fun week october 15th through 21st
well i'd like to warn all of you um that uh and you can keep this in the podcast or not
this is john hodgeman in new york city i have profound affection for all three of you
and i think that i figured out which one belonged to which name about one year ago
oh and and or maybe even six months ago i think i asked jesse could you just walk me through it
and he sat me down he sat me down in some in front of some headshots and we got it done
but you just barely beat out our dad actually i have no i have no no visual to go with your
voices so if i get confused between who's talking i apologize john you can picture me however you
want that was travis nailed it that all right that last one was justin wow and then wow that
was griffin that's true it sounded weird right i've got that that baritone register
yeah that's that's baritone for the mcelroy brothers yes
and here's griffin on the bass sing mr baseman
ow i'm sorry to have brought up mr baseman so quickly but gentlemen how swiftly can we move
into the eternal mystery of sha na na on this program because this is i got home from my night
shoot on a on a non-television program at uh at 1 a.m and and and with the intention of eating
seven slices of pizza and going to bed immediately and while i got the seven slices of pizza down
i then had to go into a deep sha na na hole because my good friend david reese had had finally
uh convinced me not he didn't he convinced me at the beginning but i finally got around
to on his recommendation to listening to the great uh andy daley uh podcast project episode
wolfman hot dog which involves andy daley's character famous waterskier hot dog largely
talking about his obsession with sha na na and i had not thought about sha na na in a long time
and now that is all i can think about so i apologize in advance well and now you spread
that through the consciousness of our millions of of fans yeah into that you've you've injected
your serum into the hive mind yeah what is your listenership is uh is fantastic it's it's something
it's 35 million is that correct at this time it was 30 it's 36 million this week we had a we had
a really bang up thanks it really turned around since we let chuck lorry take the show over wow
well good for you uh good for you we're joined by john hodgeman uh this is my brother my brother
me and rather than uh you know just spout on prattle endlessly we thought we oh are we going
to try it differently this week yeah we probably let an actual expert oh uh answer questions uh
the submitted by you the people uh have we established just a real ish have we established
and and forgive me no for this horrible this horrible horrible thing but the area of your
expertise my name is john hodgeman i host the judge john hodgeman podcast which is another
less popular podcast on the maximum fun network that's not true i have numbers that say that's
that's not true at all quantitatively you haven't seen my numbers well look there are different
numbers that can be counted what are numbers and there are three of you and there's one of
me so that makes you more popular i think well yes well we have to split ours three ways though
well look another podcast on the maximum fun network and i i'm also uh well i have had a
lot of jobs over the past six years much and all of them to my surprise i was on the daily show and
continue to be on the daily show from time to time as a contributor as the resident expert and
deranged millionaire on the daily show with john stewart i was in a series of computer ads for apple
computer uh which was such a wonderful job that ended now uh 35 years ago today isn't that weird
wow i'm currently i'm currently a recurring character on the fx comedy married and uh and uh
and i was working last night on a different uh television slash non-television program i guess
and a founding member of movement chance right oh if only if only it were true i did not mean
to intimate that our listeners did not know who you are or your your storied body of work i was
more suggesting your your the things which people walk up i walk up to you on the street yeah um uh
which is a very unlikely scenario and i say hello mr hodgeman and your brilliance blinds me
for a moment and and then i and then i would imagine my pepper spray does yes um and i say
i need you to assist me with blank right i'm just assuming it's everything at this point
well i did write a series of books of complete world knowledge and fake trivia and uh and all
based on my uh universal knowledge of uh everything i have made up which is largely
largely based on all of the shrapnel of trivia and small weird little facts that have accrued
in my brain over these 43 years and you griffin are but a child right you are 17 19 years old 13
13 years old big first age whoa whoa easy there big brothers just ribbon i understand but tell me
your actual chronological age uh 27 uh gregorian years yeah you're so you know we all we all pick
up and accrue a lot of weird facts over our years and as we get older and weirder we tend to spout
them with even more and more authority when i was your age i was acting like a 35 year old now i'm 43
and i'm acting like a man um sniffing the air coming up from his grave but as it is
i can help the youths of today because of the experience i've had as an
as a as a famous minor television personality internet judge uh and uh father and um and long
time uh monogamist we actually we actually this may surprise you john we pull down a very mature
crowd we pull down the the like the berks law audience you know it's basically our main
cross-section you know what i love about your show is that you start out by saying this is
not for kids and then you just swear and swear and swear and it it's liberate it's it's it's
liberating it's it's freaking liberating i dare say uh all right john time to put your um your
wisdom to the test with these uh hit questions from our listeners because they are correct answers
there are correct answers to these here comes the first one i recently grew out a mustache it's not
quite as impressive as your own masterpiece but i think it works the problem is i keep getting
this paranoid feeling that everyone around me thinks it's meant ironically can i stop for a
second did you say did you did you say masterpiece i said masterpiece i i wish i said mouthster
piece mouthster piece would be right uh do you have any tips for making it obvious that the lip
hair is sincere or two getting over this feeling and not giving a shit that's from hunter well no
i mean the the the exercise of growing facial hair is a existential exercise as much as it is
physical exertion at least for me that counts as physical exertion three hours a day just flexing
your upper lip yeah it it you what you what you appreciate when you grow a mustache is that um
um you are repulsing everyone even even even the people who love you the most the people who love
you the most will be the most uh repelled by by your hideousness because they knew they knew
the the best version of you which is to say pre-mustache this they certainly knew the
smoothest most baby-like version of you and i know you brothers all rock a bunch of different
facial hair configurations and so you know that the mustache in particular despite pockets of
of mustachism and in in very in various college educated parts of brooklyn and austin texas i
dare say where it is where it is being celebrated like a like a like a like a pre-prohibition
cocktail which is to say loathsomely the mustache is is large is largely a sim a symbol of of
middle age uh um resignation yeah sure yeah quitting is right middle age quitting
and and growing one the process of growing one is a is a hideous thing to watch and then when it
becomes fully uh ripened it is no better um and so what you do when you grow a mustache is that you
are undertaking a profoundly selfish journey uh to see to see what there is inside of you at least
behind your upper lip i'm trying to imagine i'm trying to imagine you in that that uh pupation
phase and i don't want to even try and guess what it is for you because it's different for everybody
right for sam elliot it's it's 45 seconds for michael sarah it's been it's just it's
just been going it's just been going for a long time i i cannot imagine you in did you cloister
yourself for the the period of time in which you were you had a um what what we affectionately call
a stender stash uh because it is the type of mustache of the a gentleman uh that you might
see in the west end of huntington west virginia hang on what when you had a halfway must when you
had a halfway what is the derivation of you know i understand the question but i think a west ender
a west ender okay a standard stash all right i thought i can actually answer this one for john
thank you you saw john hodgeman when he had he has been posting to instagram updates of his
mustache growth yeah this is a timely conversation because in in a in a fit of good taste uh i
irrationally shaved off all of my facial hair um just one week and a half ago and uh and it was
interesting because i i i thought well you know i i deployed every every follicle that i could over
the summer because i am like i am like a stender do you know what i mean you know a huntington west
virginia by any chance i've heard of it so you know what a stender is yes absolutely that's i
should mention that our 36 million listeners are all based in in huntington west virginia so
it's it's it's really it's really they all they all are based there but they live elsewhere
they come back on monday they come back to listen to our live recording of the podcast
i grow a terrible i grow a terrible beard and i was away with my family uh for most of the summer
outside of civilization which is to say in maine and i therefore decided to deploy every follicle
that i could just to see who was lurking inside of me and it turned out to be the it guy from
the church of satan and everyone got really upset everyone my family got really upset with me and
so i decided well you know it's been a long time i'll definitely shave off the beard and since it's
been now almost four years since i've had a mustache i don't want to feel dependent upon it
certainly i want to see i want to see who's in there you know who's who's behind who's behind
the curtain of hairs and i feel like that i feel like that idea of the summer camp facial hair
experience is a is a very uh um universal one so much so that i actually applied for a job at a
summer camp when i was in high school uh and the application expressly forbade uh the facial hair
experiment right it expressly for and i'm not sure this is not a joke it literally said on the
application that if you are coming in without facial hair this is now a canvas on which now
is facial experimentation yeah exactly we expect you to haze each other and and question your
sexuality and and and have and do experiments in human cruelty here at camp but no creeps please
and be sure to meet the kids from the jock camp across the lake do you want to know something
dodgeball fight we were so we were we were in in maine vacation land usa they they called it
vacation land that's what it's that's on the license plates and i figured out oh they they
they in 1820 when they invented maine they called it vacation land because they hadn't figured out
what a vacation is yet sure because they couldn't call it america's canada right exactly but so
my human son went to went to a camp on a lake a day camp and one and one day i was driving home
and he goes those kids across the lake at that other camp are such snobs and i'm like what he's
like yeah that's the rich kids camp and they are snobs did you just covertly get a small video
camera out and start your your found footage uh camp movie yeah yeah and that's how we that's how
we ended up driving off the road because i got on my but you know my my son uh is uh is nine years
old and has never seen meatballs he's never seen any of those movies i don't know where this is
coming from and what's interesting is at no point did i ever believe that it could be true that there
was a rich kids camp across the lake it was too on the nose i thought some of the older counselors
were gaslighting the kids there there have to be some sort of zoning laws about camp to camp
proximity that someone saw meatballs and said no this cannot this cannot come to pass somebody saw
heavyweights and said we can't let the fat camp be close to the skinny camp no no no no no no
heavyweights now you're now i'm gonna be up all night researching that thank you for getting
shunned on out of my mind but it turns out there is there's a rich kids camp across the lake and
it is like the richest of rich kids camp it is like the the sons of roy of middle eastern royalty
now is it possible that those kids are all actually really thoughtful and nice but everyone's
just like but they're snobs such snobs and the kids are really giving and sweet and like caring
what no no because what i mean i'm sure that there are some of them there there's there's a
good egg in every camp full of middle eastern princes but the old adage but i asked around town
they're like yeah those kids are monsters they all they wear matching they wear matching purple
tracksuits oh the worst and they're constantly going through town and causing trouble and then
and then they have huge luxury motor coaches that take them on on trips to acadia national park and
such and at the end of each year they burn an owl in effigy yeah and they return to their business
jobs yes it's a it's the place where the the the son of a of a white man who went to yale university
can feel like a working stiff so anyway to answer your question here's the thing next question
here's the thing your mustache is going to look bad for a while and then it will be a mustache
and will continue to look bad well let me just say a mustache over a beard is is more provocative
than a beard the only facial hair configuration that i think invites more derision and confusion
would be an amish neck beard and nothing else which i'm working on next but all of this facial
hair is is basically an invitation to the world to make a bunch of dumb cracks you can't control
what they're going to think about your face any more than you can control what they're going to
think about your face and it is exactly what you suspect it is a journey into self-confidence
where you realize my face and is is more important than or what i want to do with my face is more
important than what other people think of me and i will take comfort in the fact that i will be
totally alone and no one will kiss me or love me for a period of time i'll shave your basketball
number in the back of your head bonk this is almost that that bit was almost one of those
dove commercials that always go viral that's like you are beautiful don't let anybody tell you any
differently i thought this was going to be our hit and then travis comes in with the basketball
number shit and then we lost it forever i thought we're probably going to inspire some people i'm
moving on to a new question and please can i just clarify i'm not saying that anyone is beautiful
i'm just saying oh no you know we're all we're all pretty we're all pretty ugly in different
ways the ones who are ugly on our faces are tend to be the lucky ones i have been a bookseller for
seven years not me this is the question yeah and i think my next i thought i thought you
were asking me to euthanize you and i think my next career step is probably either working at
a publisher or a literary agent so your first instinct wasn't too far off as a former terribly
famous professional literary agent do you have any suggestions on how to start are there courses
i should go back to school for do you just start in the mail room and see if anything opens up
i also have amicable relationships with a few decently well-known authors within my favorite
genre would say getting character references from them on my resume made me more enticingly
employable and that's from searching to shovel spots on the sinking ship of signature your
uh signature is extremely accurate you are you are moving from deck chair to jet chair on a
sinking ship and all of the deck chairs are on fire even the band has quit and they've escaped
the sinking ship yeah the the band is making apps now they're like this is stupid now look
you press here it sounds like a violin oh here's a million dollars uh but you love books and they
and you know you you can't do you can't change what you love sadly um the only problem is that
you have it exactly right it is essentially just start in the mail room that's what it was 20 years
ago when i started i did i consulted some friends of mine who are still in the book industry who are
in a position to hire people and first of all they're not interested in what authors you know
and they don't want to hire you and second uh they're like yeah we we have an internship program
this was at my old literary agency writer's house which is a great place you know we have
an internship program here we hire from our internship pool that's how you learn it's an
apprenticeship system usually young people come in will tolerate very small salaries in order to
be around things that they love and then they learn the business from within there are publishing
courses you can take the the columbia columbia has a publishing course which i think is a non-degree
course um and then nyu has a master's degree in publishing but and certainly that will put you
into the city where book publishing happens and put you in contact with people who are doing it
but ultimately it is a network and apprenticeship arranged business just like hollywood just like
podcast and um and i think the the warning that you have to take is that you are going to have to
start over your seven years in book selling um will aid you but will not allow you to make any kind of
lateral move you're going to have to start low they can read i assume so they have that skill
yeah for sure for sure i mean i think being a bookseller is an i don't know what's what's more
interesting if i were you and if you love books and you love making books i would go work for an
agency because agencies control the thing or not control but have influence over and can nurture
that which has value in a in a world of changing media which is creative people are they the bad
boys of like the publishing industry you mean like are we the sha na na the publishing industry yes
totally i became aware of bowser from sha na na because of his appearance on a late night
uh like time life compilation program and it was so sad because it was some some woman of
of indeterminate fame and this guy bowser from sha na na who's basically like selling you his
culture this is the last he was sort of boxing it all up for you and asking you to make an offer
before he unhinges his jaw and swallows you whole i don't know how much sha na na is is going to
track with the humans who listen to your program but what i would encourage them not to do is look
too deeply into the sha na na bis because they're it's not these guys were you know this is this
this is this uh this 50s nostalgia group that formed in 1968 eight years
eight years after the thing they formed a nostalgia group but it only oh here we go
the only the only reason the only reason it worked is nostalgia was that there had been
this profound cultural change in in music and culture and so it truly was as though
the 50s had been you know time warped out of existence 5000 years and they represented a
completely different culture these guys up at columbia university started singing these duop
songs from 15 years before or 10 years before and suddenly they're this oldies act and then
they go to woodstock and then they get a tv show out of it they're all really talented
dudes but none of them have they have that that completely it like weird rock and roll
pedigree which is that they're all white guys from massachusetts there's no rmb behind them
at all they're dancing and singing in gold lamay and their show is somewhere between
you know uh the malt shop and studio 54 there's so much bared chest hair one of the cool guys
is like 37 years old and bald it is insane this is like a warm this is like a warm blanket this
description that you're just draping over me on a camping trip the question they're just so many i
know i know now did you you shaved right okay then i'll tell you the story of shanana the questions
that these they're talented and terrible at the same time they're dancing it is the laziest
choreography that i've ever seen big lenny who plays the saxophone who's from my home commonwealth
of massachusetts and is still still alive and still out there blowing sax this guy this guy's
got a beautiful tenor voice but should not be on tv not because he doesn't have a good look but
he has no presence whatsoever on tv he's constantly flapping his arms around while he sings like some
obese bird it's insane like everything about it and and then they all quit they all quit and became
uh doctors and attorneys and professors one of them is a linguistics professor at hofstra university
and uh and they're all they're all professionals now those who who are still with us uh except
for bowser who's still out there selling the greece right and then and then jaco donnie and
screamin scott the nice thing about his starting in 68 with the 50s uh uh culture for bowser is
that now if you are not aware of their history he just looks like somebody who's aged really really
well how is this guy still hanging with this this lifestyle because it was close enough
to the 50s it just seems like a really really old guy who looks fantastic
appending the word by the way oh i know yeah this is what this is well i've been thinking
about all night long you guys everyone you know what you can all go down this hole together
let's go into the next catching up on this john and you are very right about this gentleman i
got distracted from the conversation and i just wanted to say that uh bowser from shana is a
co-founder of a group called senior votes count which is a political action committee for old
people you guys i think the rest of this podcast should just be the the sound of us all just
quietly clicking the internet and then just speaking up when you find an interesting
challenge my third of the program usually is uh here's a question for everybody what dishes
would all three of you cook on a cooking competition there's somebody not great with
math there four of us now but anyway what dishes would you cook on a cooking competition i'm gonna
be quiet for a minute i'm just gonna say scrambled eggs the end go oh that was not gonna be mine was
gonna be you know what i do well that that's what makes it a competition from the frugal gourmet i
learned this recipe to make an omelet that has uh uh apples cooked in brandy and then you put those
in the omelet that's really good i think i'd probably make that justin you and i need just
you're bringing up the frugal gourmet means you and i need to go sit on a porch somewhere for a
couple of hours and you know about his sad history well i'm gonna say had the the sadness that he
brought yeah it was a founder of sha na na and then they forced him out get out of here if you
had told me that the frugal gourmet or as my uncle jim used to call him frug
had been had had a segment on sha na na in its fourth year of syndication in 1981
i would be so i would believe it so hard and i would hate you for the rest of my life when
i learned it wasn't true we're making a lot of money on sha na na and we want to spend it on
shit i don't know not so fast but justin seriously let's not let's not go down a frugal let's let
these guys answer uh probably some sort of pie oh really i i know it's it's it's not a great
tactic like a dessert like a dessert pie or a chicken pot pie uh no a dessert pie not a not a
quiche um you make a dessert pie probably something with pecans or blueberries inside of it yeah it's
like the only thing i can do that i feel confident about do you do you do you bake with uh with
shortening or butter or what no i typically store by the the crust which i know is blasphemous but
by which i you know this is what i'm saying do you know what you get for that at the at the state
fair a black ribbon and that means you're going to be killed within 24 hours and then the crops
will grow again uh i make things incessantly absurd drawing machines books musical instruments
and furniture to name a few i'm good at the solitary business of realizing these works but
my trouble is with the social effort required to sustain my ability to make them i understand
that people are most concerned with their own lives and so talking casually about my projects
or worse promoting them makes me feel manipulative or conceited how do you make people aware of what
you're doing without making yourself feel obnoxious so that's from bashful in brooklyn
what i mean that's what promoters are for right that's who's the higher man yeah who's bashful
in brooklyn first of all you're i i think that here are the things though that i would even though
this person is a liar and a fraud i can still address some advice to those of you who are out
there who are making uh choices of what to do with their lives creatively and there is discomfort
that comes and anxiety that comes in being a creative person first of all this this liar and
fraud is correct that most people are concerned with their own lives no one cares about what
you're making and that's the way it should be you make something that draws someone attention that
will happen naturally you have an opportunity to put it out there you do have to put it out there
you don't have to believe me you don't have to be going on twitter saying check out my stuff check
out my stuff check out my stuff if it's the work is giving you pleasure then it should give you
enough pleasure to to put it up for sale or take a picture of it and put it on tumblr or try to
get it published or whatever you don't have to be an incessant self-promoter you don't have to
sabotage yourself either and then i find you know i find helps with that what have a wife or a friend
with you that will do it for you and then you can act embarrassed and bad like well i yeah i do do
this thing because that's what friends are for for promoting your shit for you it's a collaborative
thing that's why i made such good friends the flavor flavor all those years ago yeah you need
a hype man exactly what the what the fuck have you done for flavor flavor lately no flavor flavor
is helping his brand wait does flavor flavor have his own hype man is it like an unending chain of
hype he has an entire hype man yes i think you put your finger on it exactly that's what the
internet is it ends with me um because i'm i just can't i just can't get anybody going
i got one more question in the tv's the cosby show uh which huxval child is the best in terms
of plot lines memorable sayings and overall attitude that's from bill leaver in baton rouge
really touching on your your your key practices your your strengths in the cosby verse well i i
actually been catching up on a lot of the cosby show on uh on the video on demand function of
my cable box because they're funny you know what guys those were shows were well written
well written funny charming shows that my children love they find it incredibly accessible and they
don't they don't they don't know anything about pattern matching from the 80s sure they don't
know and now this internet stranger is trying to turn it into a cosby child blood sport
right where they they fight for dominance that is not how mr cosby ran the set sir
everyone there was held to high expectations but they were a family
just ask malcolm jamal warner who will not stop talking about it that guy but one of the things
when i was a kid i loved peter the caucasian obese neighbor because that was my entry point
to the show it was your way in and i obviously i i was in love with and part of me still is
in love with lisa bonet sandra sure thank you so sandra is actually my favorite because uh she is
the she is the schrodinger's huxtable in that i i don't know if you guys know this in the pilot
episode of the show they do not acknowledge or accept her existence right as an extant human
being they say i think uh what either claire or cliff says don't be coy you know exactly who says
it uh claire says uh something along the lines of she says something along the lines of having four
children right addressing i'm i'm assuming denise and theo and rudy and vanessa while not acknowledging
sandra's existence so she doesn't come in until halfway through season one and then she's only
in like a few episodes well not a few are you suggesting that she's uh that she's a hallucination
i'm assuming that she exists in in in both quantum states at the same time at that moment she she
did not exist or maybe that was just like a really harsh i'm gonna look up the quote because maybe
they were just burning rudy can we address that this exact strategy was applied to miss judy
winslow after the fifth season of family matters anybody they judy winslow the the young daughter
disappeared like it is it is beyond creepy there are this season their daughter was erased never
to be mentioned again from the from the stream from the time stream uh okay what about what about
richie's older brother on happy days i think what we're saying everyone's siblings on every episode
of boy meets world where suddenly someone will have a sister for the purpose of an episode so
someone is disappearing and reappearing the siblings of culture everyone there's a there's
no one should be more concerned about it than you guys a sitcom baba yaga is is luring these
children into the woods the exact line from the cosby show in the pilot episode which does not
acknowledge uh sandra uh it's sandra theistic uh claire says why do we have four children
cliff says because we did not want five so it is entirely possible that they are saying rudy you
were uh a mistake uh you bring a lot of heat to this show but um uh boy howdy we we really should
have stopped with an even quartet i agree i agree that sandra is the most uncanny of the of the
cosmos you look at her and you just think like am i looking at a person am i looking at anything
right now it's so hard to tell she goes it makes me really regret that i didn't come on to the show
as the as the previously unannounced fourth mackleroy brother sadly you're still john hodgeman
uh popular personality uh on the the television podcasts and films and we're so uh flattered and
grateful that you made time to appear on our program today it really means a lot to us well
i am this the stage are you are you still uh are you still on tour oh thanks for asking yes i'm
doing several stand-up comedy performances in october in philadelphia madison milwaukee
chicago akron and pittsburgh and then in november in uh oh in burlington vermont lebanon new hampshire
hartford uh connecticut and north hampton massachusetts thanks have you ever thought about
doing one in huntington west virginia there are there uh there's a a very nice couple from west
virginia who will travel to any event i'm doing that is within driving distance of their town in
west virginia and the name of that town escapes me it might be charleston the capital of west
virginia but um uh they're always saying we want to set up an event for you in west virginia we
want to set up an event for you in west virginia i've always said yeah let's do it i'd love to
come i've always wanted to see west virginia um but then they sent me photos from a burlesque
evening they had where they all dressed up as their favorite characters and they had two people
doing cosplay as me and jonathan colton making out and i said well i guess i'll never go to
west virginia that's all we that's all we do there john is is let's dress up like you and jonathan
colton and make out it's it's basically our national pastime or statewide pastime i would
like to i would like to come to west virginia asap and if if it's a we actually saw your show
in austin uh where i uh my wife and i did and i almost accomplished my life's goal of throwing a
piece of paper into david reese's open mouth now i was wondering if you were yeah that that was
a dream i've been fostering for some time now i have video backstage of everyone throwing those
paper airplanes at david reese from from uh in austin texas and i think i could probably help
you figure out which one of was yours i came so close oh my god i scraped his cheek he has a he
has an enormous paper cut on his why didn't you why didn't you come out outside into the world
with us afterward i tell we tell him these things uh i i'm just an enormously socially inept
just it's hard to reach out to you and i apologize next time it's griffin here hello let me stop the
show is griffin here i i mean i told you my seat and row in the hopes that you would come out when
you were cold calling the audience that you would come out and fetch me but he did the dog pound
griffin was the one woofing the loudest you should have heard him let me hear your dog pound maybe
i'll remember it wow just wow wow great wow great wow wow i do you know what i do i do remember it
now if you heard somebody was haunting maybe not enjoying the jokes in the way that you are
traditionally comfortable with but rather just seemed sort of bemused the whole time that was
wow wow i did a show in washington dc on friday night in which i revealed that my uh my elderly
cat petey had finally gone to his rest and someone in the third row went whoo
i mean that was the greatest that was the greatest thing to happen in a comedy show
let me tell you i didn't have to do anything else for the rest of the night i just had to
make fun of this monster in the third row john hodgeman thank you so much for joining us we sure
appreciate you thank you for taking control of the situation it's what i do thank you so much
uh john hodgeman for joining us that was a hoot i had a lot of fun i was really nervous about
before we were all talking about how nervous we were before not me i'm cool yeah i'm cool as shit
that's a lie i'm crossing my check it yeah i'm crossing my arms right now
it's like a my cool pose like i have my arms oh so not like obstinately you're like posing no
they're like at like a great cool uh-huh just remind everybody it's max fun week still it was
maximum at the beginning of this program and it's still max fun week there's still a lot going on
today's share your favorite episode day so go tweet about your favorite episode of a max fun
program don't forget that max fun week hashtag and uh tuesday that's tomorrow is max fun rocket
coloring day so there's going to be a picture of our max our trademark max fun rocket it's
trademark so don't try and copy that shit jerk yeah but travis would you like to promo
uh your appearances yes i would thank you um so the as of recording this um my jj go episode went
up uh last monday um i had a lot of fun it was a dream come true we've been fans of theirs for a
long long time um so go check it out i i enjoyed doing it and i hope you enjoyed listening to it
um i was also on an episode of lady to lady another uh wonderful podcast on the max fun
network that if you haven't checked out please do um and that was released on the 15th um there are
three wonderful ladies very sweet to work with um and i had a great time and i hope you enjoyed that
haven't listened to all the other max fun like max fun week is the time to listen to the other shows
so we've got new shows that you should check out um shows that have been with us for a while that
maybe you've just never found a good time to check out and this is the time my friends quit making
excuses and also i'm on judge john hodgeman although i do not know when that episode goes up
and you should listen to saw bones which is justin's other show on the maximum fun network
and justin you were also on jj go for max fun drive this month yeah it was a long time ago but
it was fun too everybody check it out go listen to shows i want to thank john roger in the long
winters for the use of our theme song is departure off the album putting the days to bed uh he's a
dear a dear dear friend and life guide and spirit animal and he's my spirit animal and uh thanks
again to john hodgeman thank you to you the listeners max fun week is a time for uh for our
listeners to celebrate the the network but really the way i see it it's a time for us to celebrate
you all who make this uh possible um you're all like the coolest uh the our fucking rock our
island in the stream you are legitimately one of the best things in my life not to speak for my
brothers but um i could take or leave absolute best um i could take or leave them no that's not
true you're you're my rock also um next week we're gonna have a bros better bros best compilation
because i'm currently in japan not like now but when it goes this episode goes up i'll be in japan
sorry i just had to get over there they need me right now griffin's gotta fix some shit i got i
got getting up getting up i got shit to pop and that's gonna do it for us griffin you have a final
uh is everything okay final you have a final uh yahoo yeah did you forget the name of the service
i spaced for a second uh yeah this uh yahoo was sent in by druid avenport thank you druid
avenport it's by yahoo answers user nokia who asks why do i feel guilty for eating fruit
i'm justin mccoroy i'm travis mccoroy i'm griffin mccoroy
it's been my brother my brother may kiss your dad on the lips
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
do you think it's okay to finish someone else's food do you have a fight with your friend over
whether or not he should wear his philly's garb to a colorado rockies game does your wife want to
keep a chamber pot in her art studio if so please do not write in to judge john hodgeman i heard all
those cases already judge john hodgeman is the show where i john hodgeman adjudicate disputes
between real people calling in over the internet and i tell them who is right and who is wrong
over such important issues as is a machine gun a robot and is it okay to go through the garbage
at the canadian house of pizza and garbage bailiff jesse thorn rounds out the cast
for a fun-filled podcast of judgment and justice kind of two the same thing actually judge john
hodgeman take a listen if you do not mind i order it come visit the courtroom it is open to all
and located at maximum fun.org
