The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother,
mean advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
I'm really, really excited, you guys.
What's going on, Trav?
Well, we get a lot of questions, you know, a lot of people asking for help,
and which is great. I mean, that's what our show is built on.
It's built adjacent to that.
It's not adjacent. It's help adjacent.
This week, we got a really exciting email where a young gentleman is asking for help
and it's going to financially benefit us.
Oh, I like that. I actually like the second thing better than the first thing.
Yeah, he's a young man in Africa, in Kenya, and he's having a bit of legal trouble.
His father passed away in 2009.
Oh, that's a shame.
He had in the bank $10 million and all he needs is our bank account information
so he can transfer that money in there.
You had me at email.
Just go for it. Send it, send it right away.
It's 464-4664-4.
Okay.
Six, go.
I said hit it, Rich.
So, I mean, we might be able to retire from doing the show
because we get to keep 40% of it.
That's like $4 million.
I'm refreshing our simple transaction page.
Just waiting for that money to come.
We're at negative dollars.
Oh, no.
We're at these transition conversion rates.
You got to spend money.
You got to spend money, make money, you know?
That's right. This is an investment.
I don't feel great about this.
Well, he just had some trouble with his wicked stepmother and his uncle's legal team.
So, I'm sure he's just needing some money to help battle them and get their stuff back.
And it's going to be fun.
It's going to be great.
We're going to be rolling.
Did he provide a return email address that we can sort of correspond
and just sort of check on like what the hiccup was?
Because I know sometimes like the wires get crossed.
That's not just like an idiom.
Sometimes the wires, when you wire money to people, get crossed.
And then our 10 mil-
Was it 10 mil that we were getting?
I imagine just a chunk of it.
I mean, we get to keep 4 million of it.
Okay.
How much were we supposed to-
You didn't even tell me how much we were supposed to send over.
I just did all of it.
I just clicked the transfer all button.
I think that sounds right.
I think he just has like as much as you can.
Why do they even have that button?
Yeah, I don't know.
It says transfer all to Canyon Prince.
As long as we're updating, I want to give you guys a couple of updates on my life.
First is I chased my cat out of the litter box so I could shut her out of the office
for recording soundproofing.
Terrific.
And now I have locked myself in a stinking prison.
Please send help.
Please.
I'm dying.
Second, ugh, second alert.
I wanted to give everybody a quick pregnancy update via a message I found yesterday that
I thought you all would enjoy.
And I thought we could just stage a reading of this real quick.
I was looking for no baby yet.
Looking for information about how people have-
There is a baby.
There is a baby.
It's not visible.
Not a visible baby.
Invisible baby.
I found this brief forum exchange yesterday while I was cruising.
There are three messages in the exchange, so I figured we could just go me, Travis,
Griffin.
You ready?
Yeah, it's perfect.
Nice, he says, I'm a 41-year-old mother of four.
Every woman pregnancy are very much so different.
I would advise you all to let Mother Nature take its course.
All the oils and different regimes may harm the baby.
The safety of the baby is more important than trying to jumpstart labor on your own.
Congratulations to you, and good luck on your beautiful blessing.
And then Nice, he says again, we are the same age.
Name and kids, congratulations.
And then Ashley says, screw you, I'm 19.
He's ready.
He's just stuck.
I'm going to induce.
I'm 19.
He's ready.
He's just stuck.
He's just stuck.
We need to prime the cannon and blast that baby on after.
I love that Ashley throws in the age, I'm 19.
So I'm a world-wise woman.
I know that he's just stuck.
He's just stuck.
I'm 19.
I'm not some kid, all right?
I'm just a child.
Screw you, I'm 19.
I can tell when a baby's stuck in my gully works.
All right, so that's where I'm at.
Anyway, those are our problems, but we don't need to stress you out about those.
I, once again, just to check in, have no problems.
No problems still on the Griffin front.
So let's help our listeners.
Hey, brothers, I have a question.
Sometimes my friends and I will go to bars or restaurants.
Like cool people.
Like cool people, a place to hang out and have fun like you do.
Problem is, oh my God, the smell.
The problem is one of my friends will often come along and then not order anything.
I feel like this is rather rude to the establishment.
Am I being weird and should just let it go?
If not, what should I do?
That's from Empty Cheers in Davis, CA.
I think that's Cal-a-rado.
Cal-a-rado.
I, man, you can...
I worry so much about myself fucking up accidentally without meaning to all of the time
that if I extended that service to everybody in my immediate vicinity,
I don't know why I'm speaking in the hypothetical sense right now
because I do definitely do that and it kills me.
It's killing me.
It's killing me.
Do you know what's especially bad?
If you have a bar that you...
So for example, in Cincinnati, we go to Arnold's all the time.
It's like our theater bar.
It's where we hang out.
And so if a new person went and did something that I would think of as rude,
it would be so much more embarrassing because it's like, hey, this is our place.
Could you just be cool for two seconds and order some cheesy fries?
They know us here.
Be cool for five seconds.
Can you just order a hot brown, please?
Just get a hot Dubin, please, for the love of Jesus.
I feel like if you're just taking up a seat though, like a table with friends,
then that's not really that big of an issue.
I mean, just not ordering something, right?
I mean, the only person who's going to be aware of that is the server
if they're coming to the table.
And I don't know, that has to be mixed with some relief
that they don't have to do more work, right?
Well, I guess the question is, is it the same friend more than once?
Oh, okay.
You know, if like Tom always just sits there when you go to-
Thrifty Reggie.
Yeah, Thrifty Reggie just sits there at Cheesy Steve's
and doesn't order the cheesy fries ever.
No, and if you go to Cheesy Steve's, you have to, I mean, it's basically a mandate.
Yeah, it's what they're known for.
It's the only thing on the menu.
Can I have a water?
No, no, you can't have a water.
I can blend down some cheesy fries for you.
I guess, do we even have a blend?
No, we don't.
They do a beer, like a French onion soup,
and there's just like bread and cheese floating on top.
That's it?
We have a deep fat fryer and we got the cheese blaster.
And that's the only two instruments we got back.
We don't even have glasses.
We don't have glass in the windows.
This is a shitty place.
This is shitty.
I don't know why people keep coming here.
Yeah, man, I wouldn't, there are so many.
I always think of it like there are so many worse things that you could do at a restaurant.
You could like, I was talking to a guy the other day about playing D&D here in Austin,
like where you find a group to do it, like where you find neutral ground to play it with strangers.
He told me he used to play with a group that used to go to a pizza place near our house,
and they would just post up in the pizza place and play through like three hours of a campaign.
And I was like, how were they fucking cool with that?
Like, cause you, those nerds are going to, you know, chomp down,
but they're not going to chomp down for three straight hours.
Well, here's how you're fucking cool with that.
If you show up between like two and five, you're fine.
If you order enough to justify being there, you're fine.
And then if you tip really well, you're fine.
Like, that's the thing.
If you think about being there for three hours, the amount of opportunities they have to come over
and like refill your drinks and like check on you and everything, you have to tip like 30, 35%.
But eventually you don't think the cashier is just like,
I'm fucking sick of looking at these people.
Juicy, are you okay?
Did you pass out?
Oh shit.
Hey.
Hey, what happened?
I had to go empty out the litter box.
Oh my God, you actually did it.
Obama called and he said FEMA was going to have to start issuing housing vouchers to my neighbors.
If I didn't detain it.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Of course.
This Yahoo is sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
He has a lot of honorifics.
You know, some people are starting to get real jealous of Drew Davenport.
Well guys, his game is super on point.
I wish Drew, could Drew do, would Drew be comfortable with going to our Facebook page
and just sharing some of his secrets?
I don't think he will.
I love Drew Davenport.
I think he is protecting his secrets the same way that Lex Luthor protects his, protects his-
The location of Scriptonite.
Let me just, I'll just do that for you and-
That worked.
That worked great.
Hit me.
Drew Davenport, thank you, is asked by Yahoo Answers user Sophie who asks,
is it weird?
I prefer this type of acting.
Huh?
My friends like the whole Hayden Christensen lightsaber fighting, jumping about,
trying to be cool and intimidating.
Yet I prefer the Marlon Brando Godfather.
I think Brando sat in the big chair is so much cooler and I find it intimidating as well.
I mean, who is the better actor?
Hayden Christensen or Marlon Brando?
Ooh, taking a bold stance.
Is it, is it, is it weird that I prefer Marlon Brando to Hayden Christensen?
Now I know he's a little indie, little known actor that not a lot of people have heard of,
but I think that that Marlon Brando's got chops.
I guess, but does he have Hayden Christensen chops?
Listen, who does?
I'm just saying like, it doesn't even, like you gotta scale it different.
You know what I mean?
Like Brando is the best of like the Brandos.
You know what I mean?
Is he going to be able to break into the like Christensen levels?
No, no, of course not.
But what he does with what he's got is very impressive.
I guess I look forward to his new stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
He'll never hit that Orlando Bloom echelon, right?
Oh God, no.
He's, he's clearly not going to Bloom.
He's never going to Christensen.
That's it, I mean, I'm, I have an internal debate that I argue about with myself every day
of Christensen or Bloom.
Brando doesn't even fucking factor into the equation.
You know who the wild card is?
The wild card is Ewan McGregor because he, I think he can straddle,
but he does the lightsaber fights.
Like, so he's hitting that level and he's a big fish.
And he's big fishing.
You know what I mean?
He's big fishing.
The problem is what sort of muddies these waters.
That the big fish live in.
Go on.
The big fish live in is that Marlon Brando was so good in Star Wars.
Who will ever forget that classic scene of him standing in the rains of Endor
in his white wife beater and his face twisted up in anguish and just shouting Star Wars.
I'll never forget that scene.
I liked it Star Wars when his giant floating head appeared to Luke and said,
I am your father.
So check, check out this fortress of solitude I made for you.
I thought, whoa, wait a minute.
Wait, huh?
There, there are some unexpected crossover here.
I thought it was weird when for like, just like it jumped from like a lightsaber fight
in the middle of the Death Star.
And then inexplicably he was an old man and he died.
He died in a garden while his, his grandson watched him die.
And then his grandson grew up to be Boba Fett.
Mm-hmm.
I love that one scene where he's just flopping around with his big silly head.
And he's like, Misa could have been a contender.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, that was a good one too.
Oh man.
But how does, how does he stack up to Hayden?
There's a reason he wasn't young Vader.
You know?
Cause like he did, he, whenever Cass, I don't know if you guys know about how big Hollywood
works and Travis, I guess you should learn about this since you're about to be a fucking
cog in that, that horrible machine.
But casting directors, when they cast parts, they're basically ranking who the best actor
is, right?
So if, if Marlon Brando had been better than Hayden Christensen, he would have been young
Vader.
He would have been grown up Anakin.
He would have been fucking necking with Natalie Portman.
I have a question though, Griffin.
How do they do, if, if one actor is the best actor, they call them first, right?
In the ranking systems.
How do they decide which part to fill?
How do you make the system so that the best actor doesn't get all the parts?
You go top down.
Is that what happened?
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Some casting directors get creative about it.
For instance, um, the Nutty Professor.
Yep.
They said, how can we fucking choose?
He would slot into any of these parts perfectly.
We have a lot of people on retainer that we could get, but is our, tell me, I'm going
to meet with our CGI team and see what they can do.
And then the CGI team was like, of course we can multiply him.
Multiplicity, same thing.
Same deal.
It was not supposed to be Michael Keaton in all of those roles, which is confusing because
it's supposed to be clones, right?
Right.
Um, but the, the CGI tech wasn't good enough back then.
It was originally going to be Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer, George Clooney, Chris Bale.
I think that's what happened in the social network, right?
It's like they hired two dudes to play the twins and then they said, oh my God,
Armie Hammer is the greatest actor of our generation.
We're going to clone him.
That's what's great.
It, you know, they didn't do that in the CGI.
The CGI, um, wasn't good enough for, for their standards.
So if you look, if you actually watch the movie, if you pause it and jump forward like
a frame at a time, you can tell it's actually, that's just one shot, right?
And Armie Hammer is just moving very quickly.
Oh, he's just cause a film, a film is displayed in 60 frames per second.
So he is, uh, 120 times per second moving to the left and right.
And it's just him.
If you, if you look at his, uh, special skills sheet under his, uh, resume on the back of
his headshot, it's like juggling some Spanish hyper-frame shifting.
Yeah.
Face, face stepping.
And he draws, draws a picture of like a lightning bolt next to it on every resume.
Just to, just to heighten it, I guess, or to make it seem more special.
There's a lot of actors that can do that.
Is that why you put the smiley face stickers on there?
No, yeah.
I'm a super good actor.
A number one.
And then he puts a scratch and sniff sticker that smells like he does.
I will come to set every day, guarantee.
Guarantee to smell like this.
The Armie Hammer guarantee is that I will smell like this every day.
This is my agent, Armie Hammer.
How about another question?
I feel like we did really good on that one.
Hey brothers.
So I'll get straight to the point.
I've been dating this guy I was friends with for about three months now.
Nothing official yet.
But anyways, while on a date, he randomly brings up a gift bag with a handmade purse made for me.
It's one of those jean bags you make out of cutting the legs off of some jeans.
It's super sweet.
I really appreciate the sentiment.
Is it really my style?
No.
So the question is, when would be an appropriate situation to use the bag?
Thanks so much.
Huge fan muddled in Mexico.
I think when you need to transport a disembodied butt, that would be a good place to put that.
I love that when I read this question going through the emails, for some reason,
now it makes sense to me that you cut the legs off all the way like at, you know, the hip.
So it just forms the back.
You dumb bastard.
Cutting it like jorts.
And so like you could put like stuff in one leg or in the other one.
Yeah.
Yeah, which leg do I keep my chapstick in?
I bet the punctuation on this is after he gave her the bag,
he stood up to reveal that he was just wearing jean chaps.
Is it possible you were friends with him?
Is it possible he's fucking with you?
I mean, and he was like, I know this isn't your style.
Like he knew it wasn't your style.
And he was like, oh, this is ironic.
This is funny because she wouldn't normally carry this kind of thing.
I'm going to give it to her and see how she reacts.
I think she'll laugh about it.
She probably saw like a, he probably saw like a BuzzFeed post of like easy craft gifts that
you can make for a new girlfriend.
And then for some reason, the demented author of that terrible post wrote cut, make a purse,
make a butt purse.
That's what it is.
It's a button.
I don't want to mince words.
It's a butt purse.
It's a butt purse in a thing that butts go in.
Typically.
Listen, I, if you're really serious about this fella,
I think you need to adjust your style because there is no guarantee that you're not going
to keep receiving handmade jean gifts.
Yeah.
A lot of, you know, there are a lot of ladies out there that would just go crazy for some
handmade jean gifts.
No, no, Justin.
I'm going to disagree with you slightly.
And that I'm going to disagree with you completely.
Okay.
So not like a little bit, like the whole.
Yeah, like a hundred percent, 180.
Whole enchilada.
One direction, two directions.
Yeah.
And I think that that's this early on in the, they've only been going out three months.
I think that this is kind of a scattershot approach to see what she likes.
And it's an opportunity to be like, okay, gave her the purse.
She's not using that.
Okay.
So I'll scratch that off.
That's a weird.
Some scented oils.
That's a weird baseline.
When you're trying to like figure out what your new lover loves, you start with a butt
bag.
No, no.
It is a huge jump.
You should work backwards.
It's like if you play, guess who?
And it's like, do they look like they're hiding some sadness?
And that's like your first question.
And guess who?
Not are they a man or woman?
Do they have glasses?
Well, but imagine, okay.
If you say, do they have glasses?
And the answer is yes, which by the way, who the fuck picks someone with glasses for that
very risk.
But if the answer is yes, you've just narrowed it down.
If you give butt purse and she's like, I love the butt purse.
I love butt purse.
You know everything about that person.
Nailed it in one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a good point trap.
It's a, listen, it's a risky gambit.
I know that, but if it lands, if it lands, you're set.
You are set.
Butt purses for life.
Is it possible that this person has a, like a blossom fetish?
Hey, why don't you wear this floppy hat tonight?
Just wear this.
I'm going to also wear a weird hat and I'm going to talk very fast.
And we are going to make love.
Whoa.
I don't know, man.
Can you use it for like, maybe like a diaper bag in the far, in the far future?
That might be okay.
Cause that's kind of like putting butts in a bag.
You could use it for like, if you go on a trip and you want to like have stuff in the car.
So like he'll see it, but no one else ever will.
You could use it somewhere where you think there's a high probability of being mugged.
Yeah.
Give me everything in the bag.
No, please.
Let me simplify this for you.
Take my, take my heart, take my legs.
Legs.
Not my, not my special butt bag for my lover.
It could be a theft deterrent where it's like, give me your purse.
Wait, no, nevermind.
Bye.
Okay, fine.
All right, fine.
You win.
I'll just take all the things inside the bag and you can keep, uh, you shh.
I got a lot of stuff in here.
You only got two hands.
It's going to be a lot more convenient.
Take the bag, take the butt bag.
Please take the butt bag.
I guess you could call it a fanny pack.
Oh, good.
Just what this bit needed, Travis.
A fanny pack.
Start again.
I'm lost.
Okay.
So like he's saying-
My coworkers are constantly going out to eat for lunch.
I try not to usually do to costs and health reasons, but they aren't, but they are always
offering to pay or seeming super disappointed when I turn them down.
While I appreciate their generosity, the guilt I'm saddled with after receiving a lot of free
meals isn't exactly pleasant either.
And I often can't afford to pay for a meal in return.
How do I mitigate this situation?
My wallet, conscience, and waistline are all on the line here.
And that's from Treated in Tucky.
That's good.
I like that.
Um, tell them to fucking who, why does somebody care so much about what you're eating all the
time?
You have to go.
But they feel guilty.
They don't want to have to listen.
They don't want to get free rides from their coworkers.
That's uncomfortable.
I get that.
But they also don't want to fucking pay for bottomless apps at TGI Fridays.
Every fucking day of their life.
Okay.
But what it sounds like to me is that idea of them like saying, whoop, hey, come on,
is that they see it as a very social, like team building thing.
Right.
And like, they don't want you to feel left out.
They're trying to like make you feel included.
Whereas you're looking at like, nah, I'm happy to hang out.
I just don't want to go out to eat every day, which makes total sense to me.
This sounds to me suspiciously like a free introductory offer.
I feel like you're going to get there, enjoy some like bottomless French onion soup or
something.
And then at the end they think, boy, it wasn't this fun.
We're, we're happy to pay this time, but I feel like we could really keep these good
times going.
If we could just get you to commit to six meals per month and get on this timeshare
at TGI, this TGI Friday timeshare with us, then we think that this could really be the
start of something big.
Two weeks out of every year, this appetizer plate could be yours.
This could be your appetizer plate.
The other 50 weeks, people are going to touch it.
And that's not great.
I'll be honest.
I don't love that part of the arrangement.
Can you brown bag it every day, but make it look special?
Ooh.
Ooh.
Tell them like a sick family member made like, my nanny made me, I can't say nanny, my nana
made me like the sandwich that I feel so guilty.
My adult nanny, my adult babysitter made this for me.
She's very sick.
Poppins would be really disappointed.
That's going to work for, that's going to work for a week, Traff.
That's not a long-term solution.
Cause after four months, you're like, yeah, nanny, my adult babysitter is still pretty
sick.
So I better, no, then you have to dress up as the babysitter and come into work and be
like, oh, he doesn't want to go out to lunch with you.
Michael, I can't help but notice my special lunch remains uneaten here.
Oh man.
Can you go to the, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
You go to the bathroom, you dress up as your adult nanny, Mrs.
Doubtfire too, and then you carry a brown bag lunch in and put it on your desk and maybe
loudly announce, oh, I was so delighted to make this.
I sure hope Michael enjoys it.
Lunch, lunch time for my little piggy.
Where is that sweet piggy?
I never seem to see him around.
Have you ever noticed how you never see us in the same place at the same time?
Well, I need to go shit.
I'm going to go shit for five minutes.
I had some bad Mexican food at that restaurant you're always trying to get Michael to go
to.
You might expect me to leave at the front door.
I ate there once in 1987 and haven't stopped shitting since.
Goodbye.
I'm going to go climb out the bathroom window.
Have you guys ever noticed how Michael's adult nanny, Mrs.
Doubtfire too, seems to only enter and exit the building via the men's bathroom?
I just went in the men's bathroom and I just saw her clothes lying on the ground.
I think she shit herself out of her body.
Is this the start of Left Behind?
Has Mrs. Doubtfire too been raptured?
Oh, man.
I think that'll work.
Yep.
I know we were joking, but now I'm like ruminating on and I think that'll actually be great.
I think it makes a lot of sense.
Should we go to the money zone?
I want to, yes.
Listen, you tried Hulu on your computer.
Everybody has.
Check out this crazy video.
You won't believe it.
It's on Hulu.
But Hulu Plus is like that, but better.
They've got all the current season episodes of your favorite shows like Modern Family,
The Daily Show, all that good stuff.
And they've got some series every episode like South Park, and it's just exclusively
available through Hulu Plus every episode of South Park, believe it or not.
There's tons of ways you can watch Hulu Plus.
There's Apple TV, Roku, on your smart TV, whatever, however you want to do it.
What's awesome is they have new stuff and they also have tons of like old shows that
you're not going to find anywhere else.
I'm really excited because they have a show called The Supersizers Go that Teresa and
I just love and for a long time we couldn't find it anywhere.
Oh, did they add that?
It's on Hulu Plus.
Yeah, it's amazing.
They have episodes of QI with Steven with Steven.
Yeah, they have Penn and Teller's bullshit like every episode.
It's really amazing.
So it's not only worth it to keep up with new stuff, but you're going to find stuff
on there that you're not going to find anywhere else.
They also got original stuff they got.
There's a new season of The Awesomes, the cartoon from Seth Meyers.
You might know him from late night television.
They have all 10 episodes of the first season so you can get prepped for that new joint on
August 4th.
Listen, this is $8 a month and that is very, very reasonable for the amount of stuff you're
getting, but we can give you a two week free trial.
Just go to huluplus.com slash my brother, huluplus.com slash my brother.
I can't stress enough, it's important that you use that code because that says like,
hey, my brother, my brother, it's worth it.
Yeah, they'll keep giving us money also, which is like that.
I'll be honest.
That's what I like.
I like that part.
I like money, too.
And if you want money, you know the best way to get it.
Coding.
That's right.
Coding has become the most desired job skill of 2014.
Man, do you mean coating like you would put something onto something covered in chocolate?
No, coding like bits and bytes and boops and bleeps.
Coding.
And the easiest way to learn coding, in our opinion, my opinion, is one month HTML.
It's the easiest way to learn to build websites.
What you do is you guarantee them 30 minutes a day for 30 days.
And you know what?
Most of the lessons, you don't even have to do 30 minutes.
Justin, you've been doing it, right?
I have.
I'm halfway through one month HTML.
You have an actual website built day one.
You build something.
Are you ready to drop that URL on the air?
Yes.
Oh, yes.
Thank you, Griffin.
If you go to JustinMcElroy.net, you will be able to see my personal website that I built
with one month HTML.
It's got everything.
It's got photos.
It's got video.
It's got links.
It's like the Hayden Christensen of websites.
It's got fun flash games for children.
It's got everything.
And there's a community of 12,000 people, other students, learning online.
And the cool thing, I finished this project, this website, and I sent it in.
You know, it is a correspondence course, but you do get a lot of feedback.
I sent in my website, and they actually sent back like a five minute long video where they
just sort of walked through my code and made some suggestions for things that I could tweak
and fix.
That's awesome.
Yeah, it's incredible.
And they've got a lot of other courses.
They've got one month rails and other.
That's the one I'm going to dip into that, I think.
Yeah.
I've learned Ruby on Rails and a lot of other stuff.
You can go to onemonth.com slash my brother and get 25% off of one of these courses.
That's a pretty great deal.
So one month HTML, 30 minutes a day for 30 days, and you will learn one of these programming
languages and you will be a lot more valuable as an employee.
And you get a one time 25% discount on your class if you go to onemonth.com slash my brother.
Justin, I have to warn you.
Lesson I learned the other day, don't ever tweet about what you think about a coding
language because I tweeted about PHP and how confusing I thought it was.
I started a fucking firestorm.
I did not know that.
I mean, apparently coding languages are the new like Sega and Nintendo argument from the
early 90s.
Really?
A lot of people want to weigh in on that.
A lot of people are like, yeah, PHP is dirt.
A lot of people are like, my dad is made out of PHP.
Like it got fucking it got fucking real in my Twitter feed.
Hypothetically, is there a video or website one could go to to find out what any of this
means?
I mean, just like say someone were really bad at interneting, right?
No, I think that's all I think that's what one month is.
You start starting.
I have to go to there.
Yeah.
I have a message for Samuel Kay from Mallory who says it's not your birthday, but I didn't
want to wait six goddamn months to wish you a good one.
Here's to many more Let's Plays and anime podcasts, anime podcasts, sorry, together
in the coming years and rest assured in the very distant future when you finally kick
the bucket, I'll skin you, wear you like a coat and play an elaborately cruel prank
on your loved ones.
Hail Satan.
Everything about this makes this one of the top 10 money zone spots we've ever had.
Yeah, no, that's really good.
And I tell you why, she has a very comprehensive plan for Samuel for his whole life.
And that's a true friend right there.
I also love it when people can't wait to give us money.
I can't.
You know, she's going to come right back around.
That's the thing about money zone.
Like first taste, you know, it's like you get a taste for it.
You won't even have anything to say.
Like that dude last week, he was like, hit me up on my Moby.
It was like, I don't actually want to say this.
I just want to keep giving the McRoy brothers money.
Can you stop?
Can you not edit the greatest money zone message ever, please?
What was it?
Thanks for vibing it and keeping it tight.
If you need me, I'm on my mobile.
So good.
That is the mark.
I got to say, Mallory, you came awfully close.
Solo wit.
Let's see if Vincent Longa can dethrone.
And I got a message for Alicia Longa.
Okay.
So they're obviously related.
Some fashion.
Let's dig a little.
Let's crack this mystery with the next sentence right below.
Happy Dirty 30, my lovely wife.
You got me a Vita for my bday.
So I got the brothers McRoy to say happy bday to you on our favorite podcast,
which I feel is better than last year's evening at Medieval Times.
Disagree.
Incorrect.
Medieval Times is the greatest restaurant that's ever existed.
Here's to another awesome year.
And remember, just because it's your birthday doesn't mean
you can put your finger in my belly button hole.
Gross.
That's happy bday.
Happy bday.
Don't put your finger in there.
It's where, like, all of your parasites go to chill.
It's like a hot tub for your body's billion parasites.
So maybe just think about that.
Congratulations on the Vita, though.
So it's a nice little platform.
Why don't you guys go to Medieval Times?
If there's a Medieval Times close to you,
you should be there every day supporting the Green Knight.
Yeah, you're a Green Knight, man.
Oh, God. All day long.
All day, every day.
It's the only sport I care about.
If they televised Medieval Times, oof.
Basically, the only thing I want to do with my life
is go to Medieval Times, and it's never happened.
You've never been?
When I say that sometimes, and people think it's like,
when I said I really wanted to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Club in New York,
and everybody thought, like, oh, how fun and ironic.
Like, no, you don't know me at all.
You don't get it.
You don't get me.
God, when we do our live shows, we have to go to one of our Medieval Times.
Can we rent out the whole Medieval Times?
And will they let us knight?
Can we knight it up?
I don't want to knight.
Yes, you do.
Look deep within yourself.
I was just Googling Green Knight
because I thought it was the name of the Martin Lawrence film.
But no, of course that was Black Knight was the name of that film.
And I fucked that up.
I fucked that up right proper.
Yeah, not good work there.
This is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a show called One Bad Mother, a comedy podcast about parenting.
Not a parenting podcast.
Guess what?
We both just had babies.
Again.
Check out the show enjoyed by breeders and ballers alike on iTunes or MaximumFun.org.
Listen, guys, how about another Yahoo?
I feel like we've only had one this episode.
You feel like that because we did.
It did, but this Yahoo is sent in by level 466 Yahoo Shaman Drew Davenport.
Thank you.
Can we just start calling them Yajurus?
Yajurus, if it's not from, as long as it's from Drew, let's just call them Yajurus.
Okay, this Yajuru was asked by Yahoo answers user Leia, who asks.
Oh, fuck.
Fuck, is lava real?
I've just finished watching the film Shrek.
And there was a scene in the movie where there was a dragon and lava.
And I was just wondering if you can get lava in real life.
Also, are Shrek slash Ogres real?
Okay, this isn't a crazy question.
Lava does seem very weird.
Yeah, let me ask both of you.
Y'all ever seen lava?
I have not.
I have not seen lava.
Travis?
I've seen it on like the TV.
Oh, fuck, no.
Have you felt it's radiant heat?
No.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Could be Hollywood bullshit.
Now, Griffin, to be fair, there's lots of things I've never seen in real life.
But lava seems kind of fantastical, right?
They say it's rock.
I ain't never seen a fucking rock move like that.
It's a plasma, isn't it?
It falls within that category.
I think it's a plasmoid.
It's a plasmid.
It's a plasmid.
It is a plasmid.
There are times where I'll get confused on issues like this.
I will sometimes forget, and please don't make fun,
but I will sometimes forget if unicorns are real or not.
Not to say that there are unicorns today,
but I will sometimes have brief moments where I try to remember
if that is a historical animal that is no longer extant
or if it is, you know.
Now, Justin, in your defense, here's the thing.
A horse with a horn on its head versus a giant 40-foot tall dinosaur
with giant sharp teeth and huge...
It's like, which one's a little bit more believable that it actually existed?
Yeah, we have horses with horns on their head.
They're called deer and moose.
Yeah.
That's very believable to me.
But that's what's always crazy if I might lay my cards on the table.
Yeah.
People, dinosaurs, totally accept it.
You talk about dragons and everyone's like,
ha ha ha, this guy and dragons.
Yeah, guess what a pterodactyl was?
A fucking dragon.
It's a dragon.
Yeah, it's a fucking dragon right there.
How about narwhals?
Like, narwhals are whales with unicorn horns.
Uh-huh.
Why is it so preposterous to think that unicorns may have been around?
Yeah.
A bigfoot is just like a gorilla person.
Yeah, that can happen.
Yeah, that can happen.
A super hairy dude loses his fucking mind and wanders into the forest.
What's up?
That's a bigfoot.
I don't give a fuck what you want to call it.
Now it's a bigfoot.
Now you are a bigfoot.
A long-nosed monster was a plesiosaurus.
You get a super tall goat that only has the one horn.
I don't care what the fuck you like scientifically.
That's a phylum korygongan.
No, that's a fucking unicorn.
I don't need to like splice its fucking DNA and be like,
oh, that G and C are next to that A, so that's not a unicorn.
It's clearly the goat phylum.
No, that's a-
You know there's a fish with arms?
Yeah.
That's a mermaid, guys.
Yeah, that is a mermaid.
I mean, like, alligator, basically, is a-
Have you ever seen an okapi?
Yeah.
Okapi?
Yeah.
It looks like two animals put together.
That right there is a griffin, my man.
That's a griffin.
So deal with that.
But fucking liquid hot rocks?
No way!
That's unbelievable.
That's crazy.
Hi, I've seen rocks before.
They're hard and cold.
They're super, super hard.
And cold.
I got a-
Sometimes they're liquid and really hot.
Nah, sorry.
I went over to a buddy of mine, his house.
He made a hot rock out of like a big old smooth rock
and he put it on some rock salt and put that in the oven
and then we cooked wagyu beef on it.
And what the weirdest thing is, when that rock came out of the oven,
it wasn't a liquid, what?
You know, I've gone down in the caves before
and you know what they are?
Cold.
They're super cold.
It's cold in there.
It's weird.
It's like the low you get.
You go down into the earth, it's cold.
It's almost like heat rises.
Griffin put a-
Okay, if you want to get something-
Griffin put a rock into the hottest thing that there is
because if you want to get something hot,
there's only one thing you turn to, it's the oven.
So nothing can get anything hotter than an oven.
Yeah, they used to call it a microwave
because it's called a microwave oven.
Yeah, right.
They used to just call it a hotter because that's what it is.
It's the hottest way you can hot something is that.
So he did that and then he put a rock in there
and it didn't melt.
So I don't know.
You tell me where we're at.
Science.
It's weird.
You think you're hot shit.
You know what's hot shit?
The oven.
The oven is hot, okay?
So let's talk about Mike Myers for a second.
He's kind of let himself go, right?
And at that point, like I know it was a movie role
and it was Hollywood magic
and then that movie wasn't technically live action.
Technically, like there were human voices behind it.
Fine, whatever.
They looked human enough to me.
At what point is Mike Myers stopping Mike Myers
and start being Shrek, you know?
He's done fucking nine of those now.
He has spent, listen, the amount of time that goes in
to recording those movies,
he has spent more time being Shrek
than he has not being Shrek, right?
From what I've read on BuzzFeed,
he's really hard to work with.
So I guess you could say he's a bit of an ogre.
Yeah.
Yeah, food for thought.
Why doesn't Mike Myers do movies anymore?
Cause he's an ogre.
He's an ogre.
He's big and green.
He only likes like playing with like earwax and stuff.
It's been a while since I've seen the Shrek films.
Mike, we're big fans.
Mike, I love your work.
Thank you for listening.
Please don't eat my bones.
Also, I've seen the trailer of Love Guru like 30 times.
Yeah.
Can't bring myself to watch the movie,
but I'm kind of obsessed with it.
It's a shame, right?
Cause it's his last human movie.
You can already see the transformation beginning.
They try to cover it up with prosthetics, but no.
No, he got-
Can't hide his nature.
He's got little wiggly funnels up there.
I work at a small local restaurant.
One of my coworkers doesn't wear deodorant.
Oh.
He says that he doesn't want all those chemicals in his body
and I don't want to smell like a mall.
I want to smell like a mall.
I don't want to smell like a mall?
A mall.
Oh, does he mean like Hollister and like Abercrombie and Fit
and they like-
Exactly.
Okay.
Brands and commercialism, right?
He wants to smell like a man.
Like Doody.
Like a dirt man.
Like a Doody man.
His body odor gets pretty bad.
Yeah, I think that's connected.
And I'm pretty sure customers notice.
How do I help him realize that he needs to stop
trying to pull off the McConaughey
and utilize some smell goods?
That's from smelling bad in San Antonio.
Okay.
Let me, wait, I just realized something.
I didn't realize this putting together,
but do you ever notice that sometimes without meaning to
we have like theme episodes
and this is the third question about a restaurant.
That is restaurant life.
We got a lot of restaurant questions.
Can I just get out in front of this and say, I get it.
And like, I've known people who did not use deodorant
because maybe they have like super sensitive skin down there.
Notice he's using the past tense, by the way, folks.
No, I know.
So I have a friend here in Austin who doesn't wear it
just because like, they don't, they're not super crazy
about having a bunch of chemicals in it.
They have sensitive skin.
I get it.
I got sensitive skin.
I only have like one or two brands of deodorant.
I found that doesn't like, just like blow my shit up down there
or in there, I should say.
I totally get it.
And I think that you, there are people who get away with it.
Like my friend doesn't stink.
It doesn't, he just doesn't,
he just doesn't produce a lot of smell down there.
But if you work in a fucking restaurant,
like I think that's, I'm willing to give you credit,
like do what you want, chase your bliss.
But if you work in a restaurant, a place that like,
it is kind of important that you,
at least at the very minimum, don't affect the smell
in the room.
That you are smell neutral.
You gotta be at zero smell on the pH scale.
Yeah, that's a non-starter, guys.
Ooh, I just had a million dollar idea.
Okay.
Deodorant that smells like food.
Oh my God.
So rather than you smell like, yeah,
rather than smell like a mall, you smell like a food court.
Justin.
Check out my cinnamon pit.
Justin, when he hit puberty before us,
I remember this very distinctly.
I had many occasions to smell Justin's armpits,
and I think it was, he used to do the thing where he'd put
his fingers in his armpits and then like put them in my face
to make me smell them.
And I always thought they smelled like ketchup.
That's not a joke.
I remember Justin's pit smelling like exactly like,
or McDonald's, like that sugary ketchup.
Justin once convinced me that in place of deodorant,
you could rub orange peels in your armpits.
Oh, Justin.
And that shit burns.
It hurts.
You know, I've never thought about this,
but Justin, you owe me like a hundred apologies for the
terrible, terrible thing that you did to me.
I'm very sorry.
Does that count?
No.
Now here's the thing.
I have a perfect, like a really great solution for this.
Are you ready?
Mm-hmm.
You make this person, make this man some homemade natural
deodorant as a gift, work really hard on it and make it
special and put a bow on it.
Here's a quick recipe.
Three tablespoons, coconut oil, three tablespoons,
baking soda, two tablespoons, shea butter, two tablespoons,
arrow root and essential oils.
Mix it on up and there's like some stove stuff here,
but you can Google it or whatever.
And then make him some natural deodorant as a gift,
gift deodorant and put like a brand, make a fake label,
like Jerry's natural, I'm assuming his name is Jerry,
Jerry's natural stick.
Do not smell like duty man.
Jerry's special do not get fired ointment.
Jerry's special, the customers are gagging bar.
Yeah.
That's the thing, like Griffin, you're absolutely,
cause the friends I have that don't, they're very outdoorsy.
They're very beachy.
They live, you know, they spend a lot of time rock climbing
and hiking through the woods.
And ain't that some shit?
Ain't that like that friend of mine is like kind of outdoorsy
and like was camping and shit like that.
And then he doesn't stink.
And then I go see like an outdoor theater production
and I fucking like smell like dog shit afterwards.
Do you think it's like people who are really protective
of their kids and keep them away from germs?
So like their immune system is really weak.
And like, that's the thing we're making our smell immune system
really weak by putting on deodorant.
And if you just embrace it, you become very protective.
You're very defended against smell.
I'm going to do this.
I'm going to go off it and I'm going to write a memoir
about that year that I went without deodorant.
Eat, pray, stink.
No, it's just going to be called my stinky year.
And it's going to be a New York times bestseller.
Watch out Elizabeth Gilbert.
Who's that?
Oh man.
My book got bumped from number one.
Who did it?
My stinky year by Griffin McElroy.
I never should have inspired him to chase his dreams.
Too bad you did.
You inspired me deeply.
I just graduated college and I'm home for the summer
as I search for jobs.
So I was wondering what the proper protocol is
for asking people on dates
when I know I'll be leaving town in the fall.
Is it weird if I start seeing people
who are also still in college?
That's from New Prospects in New Hampshire.
The second thing, no, that's no.
No, that's totally fine.
The first thing I think that the key is being upfront.
Like, like why, why spend three months like living like a monk
just because you know, you've got to get like, yeah.
Take someone out on a date.
You're not proposing marriage.
You know what I mean?
And can I tell you something?
That is like for a lot of people,
especially people who are in college,
that is going to be like a refreshingly liberating way
to approach it.
Like, listen, let's just,
let's just get some practice in here
and keep each other company.
Hey, do you want to just have a good time
with no expectations for the future?
Well, don't say-
Trying to like solve this shit.
Do not say, do you want to have a good time?
No, no, not at all, not at all, not at all.
But I'm saying that that is the implication of the thing
is like, you're just going to hang out
and enjoy each other's company and it's cool.
The great thing is that if you know
that there's an expiration date on the relationship,
you're going to get out there
and you're going to make the most of the time
you have together as a couple.
You know, so many couples spend days
idling away in front of the TV,
but you're going to get out there, you know?
You'll, you, you two will go skydiving.
You could go Rocky Mountain.
Oh Jesus, this every time.
2.7 seconds on a bull man named Fu Manchu.
Yeah.
What I'm suggesting is to date like you were moving.
Yeah.
Can I bounce just a quick like devil's advocate
off the two of you though?
Uh-huh.
What if it's love?
Well, then it solves itself, right?
Does it?
Well, cause here's the thing.
If it's love, then do you really want to run the risk
of not finding it?
Oh fuck, that's a good point Travis.
That's a good point Travis.
Thank you.
I haven't watched the trailers
for this Fault in Our Stars movie very closely,
but I think this is about the same thing.
Yeah, it's about two people who are moving.
Two people who are moving and they decide to date each other
even though they know they're moving.
And it seems like, I mean, even if it doesn't pan out,
you're still going to make a lot of green.
It seems like those people are just raking in the devil.
They're doing very, very good.
Yeah, they're doing very well.
So maybe try that.
I think she's like training to be an astronaut or something
cause she's got that oxygen tank.
Yeah, she's going to the moon.
And then she's just over the moon about this new fella.
They should have called the movie Over the Moon.
If they, I mean, if we're dealing with astronaut stuff,
then typically you want to get some sort of space reference
in there, but, oh, stars.
Yeah.
Sorry, stars, yeah.
That's actually why she's going to,
I just heard from the president.
The sun is, the sun's all fucked up.
The sun's all fucked up, but I have to go to space to fix it.
There's a fault in our, are you saying yes?
Yes, Dr. Mitchelson.
There's a fault in our stars.
Oh man.
But also I'm dating this new guy,
so we're going to see how that goes.
So maybe I'll go fix it.
Maybe I won't.
But then at the end, spoiler, she does go fix it.
We actually just described the exact plot
of the Danny Boyle film, Sunshine.
That was exactly what we just,
the sun's all fucked up.
We better fire a ship in it.
You're welcome, Earth.
And Armageddon, right?
Yeah, I mean, it's a pretty good,
I think that's the same thing.
What's the movie where the center of the Earth,
the magma stops spinning?
Yeah, well, let me put it in quotes, magma.
The magma, which sounds like a made up D&D monster.
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by Troy Hoffmuckle.
Thank you, Troy, for all of the submissions.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Trixie Bell.
My jaw popped and I yawned while I said that.
That was terrible.
Trixie Bell asks,
is it okay to take a five-year-old to a restaurant
with suggestive names for the food?
My husband and I are babysitting our five-year-old niece,
and we want to go out to eat at this
rock and roll diner kind of local place.
It's a clean place.
It's not like Hooters or anything,
but all the menu items have suggestive
or slightly inappropriate names.
Like their chicken soup is called cock in a bowl,
and their banana split is called banana hammock.
Very suggestive.
Do you get it?
And another chicken dish called naked breast.
Do you get the suggestion?
This one's called-
Do you get it?
This one's called fat cock.
Do you get it?
This one's called a dick, and it's a hot dog.
This one's called pussy.
Do you get the-
Sorry, can I just make a quick observation
that cock in a bowl is not a thing.
No.
It's not like wink, wait, get it?
A cock in a bowl.
I think that's actually-
It's not a clever play on words.
I think that's what British people call
missionary position.
Cock in a bowl.
Thank you, Travis.
I was hoping one of us would do it.
I just want to say this too.
I want to defend Hooters for a minute.
Have you ever been to a Hooters?
They don't need-
No, no, no.
Have you ever been to a Hooters?
I would say that that is less sexually explicit
than something that uses cock in a bowl
to describe a chicken dish.
That's the thing.
I think that's the point they're getting at.
I would go to a restaurant with only male waiters
and also all those male waiters balls are showing
and the name of the restaurant would be like the ball pit.
And you would go and then they'd be like,
what would you like?
And I would say, could I have like roast beef with au jus?
And they would say, yes.
What would you like?
I would like the prime rib.
Fantastic.
Those are delicious this time of year.
Rather than go to a restaurant where it's like,
what do you want?
The rotten asshole?
Like, whoa, why is it called that?
I'm wearing a tuxedo because I'm your waiter.
Do you want the rotten asshole?
That was weird.
That took a turn.
I don't like that.
No discussion of this sort would be complete
without a visit to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.
But I said that and it's not that good
because I just got the menu.
It's not that great.
It's just kind of boring a little bit.
I thought they had like Jimmy Buffett themed snackaroos.
Well, I mean, it's hard because they do have,
there's the booze and a blender,
which is they bring you a who's to blame
or a tropical fruit margarita
in a 22 ounce take home blender cup.
And it is delicious.
So hold up, a blender cup,
by which you mean just the top part of a blender
with the blades and shit in it.
No, so it's a novelty,
but they take it from one blender into another blender.
That seems excessive.
Some other drink.
Okay, so I wasn't looking-
They have really high blender overhead.
I wasn't looking at the drink section
when I said there are awesome names.
If you're a fan of his,
you are going to get a treat here.
Last mango in Paris.
That's a song, but a drink.
Who's to blame?
That's from the song Margaritaville.
Fence to the left, another lyric.
Livin' it up.
That's the name of a drink.
A shaker of salt.
It's just a salt shaker
that you have to eat in front of the waiter.
I think my favorite appetizer at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville
is the clam munchers.
Yeah.
So good.
Uh, there's a five o'clock somewhere drink
that you can order.
Are these part of like a boat drinks umbrella
or is there a thing-
No dipshit.
There's a whole boat drink section.
Bama Breeze, Rum Runner,
Don't Stop the Carnival,
Chocolate Banana-
Don't Stop the Carnival is something
that an alcoholic would say.
I think that all you have to do
is add please in front of it.
Please don't stop the carnival.
Please.
Please.
And of course there's shots too
under the boat drink section.
You can get a boat drink shot
of the Why Don't We Get Drunk in Ellipses
and of course that was a reference to the fact
that when he originally released the single
Why Don't We Get Drunk and Screwed
the record label wouldn't let him put the word screw on there
so there's actually just a picture of a screw
in the in the truck.
That's grosser.
Yeah, way grosser.
Slightly grosser, right?
God, I want to go to this place so bad.
There's no-
I'm living-
I'm 33 years old.
I'm about to be a dad.
I'm living a life without irony.
All I want to go do is go to this place
and drink them all until the names are funny
and then keep drinking.
Listen, you come visit me in Cincinnati.
I will take you to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.
There is no fucking-
There is no less beachy scene
than eating at the Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville
inside a casino inside a Cincinnati.
There is no less beachy vibe than that.
I'm sorry.
Let me fix that for you, Justin,
because they play all kinds of fun beachy videos
on the closed circuit television.
So do you want to see some busty babes
bouncing at a tailgate?
Some parrot heads in their colorful shirts
enjoying a kegger?
Yeah, you do.
Oh, and what's that?
Oh, it's Jimmy Buffett performing with Lionel Richie.
Oh my god, it's amazing.
It's like you're at the beach.
The only problem with the beachy videos
is like every once in a while
the pit bosses wander over to flip it over
to like their closed circuit cams
to watch the tables.
That is correct.
The Jimmy Buffett is also the security office.
It's a lot of fun to work there.
Yeah, it's a blast.
I went to one that was close to our house,
our apartment in Batavia, Ohio,
which was basically inside a mall our apartment was.
We went to that once
and I think I went with dad and Carol
and we sat next to the stage at the Jimmy Buffett,
but there was no live music that night.
They just had a TV hooked up to a PlayStation
and a little boy played Guitar Hero on mute
literally right next to us,
literally in touching distance.
Where was this?
That was at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville,
Batavia, Ohio.
Are you sure that that wasn't a cheeseburger in paradise?
I'm sorry, it was a cheeseburger in paradise.
How does that fucking dude get two restaurants?
He'll be hearing from his lawyers.
Now Jimmy Buffett has to sue himself again.
There's another year's worth of time
where we're not going to get a new album
because Jimmy Buffett has to sue himself.
Thank you all for listening to our program.
We sure appreciate you checking in with us
and spending a little time.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show.
Chris Gard, The Duke, Iveka Fulnovic,
Nick, Michael, KDC, Shelby, Haley, Nick, Elizabeth,
Rashawn, Diana, so many others.
A lot of really nice comments about our interview
with Elizabeth Gilbert last week.
She was like a blast and we would love to have her back
at some point.
I had a friend here in Austin who said they listened
to that episode because they saw it on Facebook
and didn't think it was true.
They thought we were lying about having Elizabeth Gilbert
on the show.
This is pretty great.
So thank you to everybody tweeting about us.
If you want to share our show with people you love,
just give them nbnbam.com.
We're right there.
And if you could give us a review or a subscription
on iTunes, that would be amazing.
Yeah, that's good.
We also have been putting up some really, really awesome
animated videos on our YouTube that Tyler Crowley made for us.
Go check them out.
It's just nbnbam is the channel name
and they're really, really awesome.
And if you like them, good news.
We're going to try to get some more on there.
And I think you guys are really going to like it.
So go subscribe to our YouTube channel
and tell all your friends about it and share all the videos.
Also, in case you missed it, we announced that we joined up
with this booking agency called Billions.
No big deal, but they are actually a pretty big deal.
They do booking for Welcome to Night Vale,
which is a great show if you're not listening to it,
and a bunch of really great musical acts.
They're going to help us set up some tours next year.
We are going to try and hit a lot of places in America
and maybe a little bit of Canada.
We're still figuring it out, still planning it out.
But yeah, we're going to kick that shit in a high gear
starting next year.
And of course, we'll let you know once stuff firms up.
So hopefully we'll get to see you soon.
That's my hope.
That is my hope as well.
Also, thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
on the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find that record anywhere where records are sold.
Probably.
Yeah, just Google it.
You can get it on the internet.
And I think that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much, everybody listening.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Please listen to the other Max Fun shows.
There's a ton of really good ones.
Sawbones is a good jumping off point
if you like Justin's dulcet tones.
It's a smooth transition to the other shows.
It's a smooth transition.
There's one of these people I've heard before.
Then there's other really good ones.
Jordan Jesse Go, One Bad Mother, Lady of the Lady,
Wham Bam Pow, Oh No, Ross and Carrie.
There's a ton.
We can't, it would take us 10 minutes to list them all.
But go check it out.
There's a lot.
There's a lot.
This final Yahoo was actually, it was sent in by Drew Davenport,
but he wanted to make sure that I announced that it was actually
his friend Jeff found it.
He did not want to claim, and he's a stand up dude, right?
He's not even going to, he knocks it out of the park every day.
And then when his friend knocks it out of the park,
he doesn't jump on it and claim credit.
Well, he doesn't need it.
Doesn't need it, I guess.
He's got plenty of credit.
So thank you, Jeff.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Tammy Yordoz who asks,
can your butt start higher than the crack?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy, and my butt starts at the nape of my neck.
My butt starts at the nape of my butt,
and it gets to dad's straight on the nape of his neck.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, my name's Dave.
And my name's Graham.
Now, what do we have to do to put you in a brand new podcast today?
Yeah.
What, do you want me to drink bleach?
I'll do it.
Yeah, Dave will drink bleach.
If that's what it takes to get you to listen to,
stop podcasting yourself on maximumfun.org.
Don't make Dave drink bleach.
Just listen to the show.
He will, but don't make him.
Stop podcasting yourself.
