The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Oh man, I can feel it.
You know, until you hit the second part of that verse, it's very confusing.
Yeah.
Every human heart will shudder.
Still could be Tim Curry talking about fucking.
Every soul will shake with fear.
Less about fucking, but...
Tonight, the creepiest. Tonight, the scariest.
Tonight, the most wonderful night.
Oh yeah, buttery.
Oh, oh.
Oh, ah yeah.
I have goose flesh, and I'm also rock hard all over.
Yeah.
Anything can happen on Halloween.
Your dog could turn into a cat.
There's a surprising, you're doing a surprising amount.
Maybe a toad in your bass guitar.
Oh, your sister could turn into a bat.
That's the end of fair use.
Christmas time brings the snow.
Summertime brings the sun.
But on Halloween, your blood begins to run.
There's something spooky going down now.
Anything can happen on Halloween.
We owe them a tremendous amount of money now.
It's better than a video.
Is this fair use?
No, not at all.
Gremlin's gonna mess up every cassette from London to Idaho.
April 1st can be fun.
New Year's Eve is a bore.
But on Halloween, your flesh begins to crawl.
Oh, I'm losing control now.
Anything can happen on Halloween.
Your toenails go wrong and your hair turns green.
What?
Your teacher could become a sardine.
What?
Your dentist could turn into a queen.
Anybody seen my tambourine?
I might start playing.
I've been fighting a fucking tambour.
I'm gonna play and begin the begin.
The craziest night you've ever seen.
This hairy, scary, creepy, crawly Halloween.
So that was from the worst switch, the 1986 version, not the new one.
And that was produced by HBO.
So this might be the last episode of My Brother, My Brother.
I mean, I think they probably fight for the protection of their properties.
I'm pretty sure that's fair use.
I don't think singing the entire song,
somebody could just cut that and put it up on Spotify
and then we'd get all of Tim Curry's money on that one.
So do you want to introduce the show
or do you think that pretty much summed it up?
I'm Justin McElroy, the best witch.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm okay.
I do okay as far as witching goes.
I'm neither top nor bottom.
I would say I am a mediocre witch.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm a sandwich.
Sandwich.
I get it.
Very good, Griffin.
Jesus, Juice.
That was, I didn't think you would really do the whole, the whole track.
Once I get started, I can't stop.
It's so good.
And now your voice is sort of extra gravelly.
It's been touched by Tim.
Justin's going to be in that deep register,
touched by Tim the whole recording.
I need a little bit of this Taco Bell diet Pepsi.
Live moss.
So this is an advice show for the Modron era.
I don't know why I'm the one that has to say this stuff
where we take your questions and turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
Free breath.
Yeah.
Well, this is our extra special spooky Halloween crawly episode.
Our All Hallows' Eve, our Samhain, our Dia de los Muertos episode.
Sure.
Our other, there's gotta be more trick or treat.
That's not a real-
Robber's Day is celebrated in some places.
So-
All Saints Day.
All Saints Day.
And it's not Candle Nights yet, though.
It's coming around the corner, though.
I feel-
Unless it is Candle Nights for you.
It might be.
Well, that's true.
Right now, it's just Pumpkin Days.
Pumpkin Days and Scarecrow Nights.
You know what I mean?
D-A-Z-E.
That is me.
I am in a Pumpkin Days.
In a Pumpkin Days,
because everything's got that pumpkin spice in it.
Am I right?
The other day, I had pumpkin spice flavored gas in my car.
So what it sounds like, and let's be careful here
because Travis might be on the verge of establishing
some permanent bim bam lore,
but sounds like you want to add to the agenda Pumpkin Days.
D-A-Z-E.
All one word.
And this is a precursor to Candle Nights
that can last in any amount of time when it's over.
This has a finite beginning.
The beginning of Pumpkin Days is when Starbucks brings back
the pumpkin spice latte.
I don't like giving them that amount of control.
That feels awful commercial to me.
I know.
But listen, we're at a point now we've sold out.
I want to talk about something other than pumpkins.
Well, pumpkins.
Not pumpkin flavor.
I think pumpkin flavor we've covered pretty well.
As a people, we've all talked about
how we feel about pumpkin flavor.
And it's very fun.
The reason we keep talking about it is it's very funny
to make a joke about this hot, sweet beverage.
I want to talk about pumpkins.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, so I drove around-
What even are they?
Big potatoes?
No one's quite sure.
I drove around my neighborhood,
and while some people have Halloween decorations,
which is terrifically spooky,
there's a lot of people who have just put a pumpkin
on their porch.
And I think that that's great and festive.
But I do have to think about this.
It's every pumpkin's first Halloween.
That must be so confusing.
So you sit sort of at a patch with all your buds,
and then someone brings you home
and just puts you on their porch.
And they're like, well, that'll do.
And then they walk away.
As a pumpkin, what are you expected to do?
It must be very confusing.
What is your role if you're a pumpkin in that scenario?
This is feeling a lot like a new Pixar DreamWorks film,
but maybe an extremely bad one.
So maybe it's actually just a weird,
secular episode of Veggie Tales.
So Justin, if I can make sure I get this straight,
you're worried about the pumpkin's experience in all this.
How is the pumpkin experiencing Halloween?
I don't want to personify it too much
because obviously things get a little rougher
for the pumpkin before they get better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And by which they never get better
because they don't get put back in the patch.
I think if you do get the Jack O'Lantern treatment,
at least you know where you stand with your owners.
At least you know it's a contentious relationship
and nothing is expected of you.
Yeah, Justin's saying this relationship is,
you were in a field and now you sit in front of my house
and you're just gonna chill there
until neighborhood tubs come and smash you.
Right, if it's a Jack O'Lantern,
the pumpkin's like, oh, I get it, I'm being murdered.
Yeah, and what do you think the pumpkin-
I'm performance art, I get it.
And what do you think the pumpkin thinks
when they cook them into a pie
and sees other food getting cooked
and the food's like, oh no, I'm getting cooked.
Like the funny cartoon sort of sex romp
that the super bad guy made.
I just think it's confusing.
I think that pumpkins are confused.
I mean, like the trees, at least they're a tree.
You just have to tree and they put pretty stuff on you.
I get that, I get that.
But I think for a pumpkin it's like-
Do you mean Christmas tree?
You mean Christmas tree makes sense, we get it.
Christmas tree makes sense, I get it.
You're decorating a tree, I get it.
But the pumpkins are just like, you're food,
but I'm gonna keep your eye here, if that's okay.
And what do the rabbits think on Easter
when I bring them into my house
and I put the little Easter hats on them for the holiday
and I put an egg up inside them?
Yeah, and what about the Arbor Day celery?
You know what I mean?
That's gotta be confusing for the celery.
Bunnies don't even lay eggs.
You ever think about that?
That's why I have to put one in, in there.
Wait, hold on.
What the fuck do you think
we're coloring all these eggs for, Trav?
Just to have a bunch of loose eggs all over the place?
No, it's to finish the illusion,
it's to complete the art, complete the egg.
I guess I got egg on my face.
We gotta tell a joke at some point,
we're like 10 minutes in.
So far all we've done is sing a Tim Curry song
and then done a bunch of,
we've just said a lot of sentences,
but they haven't had a sort of traditional joke construction.
I feel like if more people around the podcast
had leaned in with my great pumpkin material,
that it would have caught fire.
I would just sort of scattering tinder on the ground,
hoping that someone would come along
and light it into a comforting comedy blaze.
So should we do a question?
Yeah, it seems, I mean, that might work.
Oh, I do wanna say,
so I was putting questions together for this episode.
We did not announce like we're gonna do a Halloween special,
but y'all just sent in some questions
intentionally Halloween spooky,
but some questions that were just naturally spooky
and it makes me wonder if maybe the world is just scary
all the time and it's Halloween to notice.
Yeah, weird, yeah, weird.
You just noticed now, okay.
Here's the first question.
Earlier, I was speaking to my brother
and he stopped in the middle of the conversation,
stared me dead in the eyes
and ripped out the pockets of his jeans.
I've never been more terrified by a human's raw power.
The strength of not only him ripping the fabric out of his pants
as he was still wearing them,
but also these are his favorite pants
and he still wears them.
Should I confront him or immediately go
and search for a priest?
That's from thank you for your time,
but I fear by the time you see this,
he will have come from my own pockets, Gmail.
I don't know, I mean, this is certainly startling.
I don't know if this is Halloween spooky.
I don't think your brother is the pocket man
and there they go.
This does make me think,
you know, it's easy for us when we watch a horror movie
and you see someone acting strangely in the movie
and you, the observer are like,
why doesn't this person realize that something's off
with the clearly something's off?
But then you see this story and it's like,
you know what, maybe they're just like,
well, that's my weird brother
who rips the pockets out of his jeans.
And he's like, no, he was possessed.
He was possessed.
Why didn't you see it?
Like anyone watching the movie of Question Askers Life
was like, get out of the house.
What I think happened here is,
cause really there's no reason to rip pockets
off of your jeans.
I am convinced that the only reason
we are all wearing pants is because of the pockets
so we can have a place to carry our yo-yos in.
But I think maybe the pockets were maybe loose already.
And as a fun stunt or a sort of superiority play,
your brother just weirded out Yankovic
those bad boys right off the pants.
I am more impressed.
I am, okay, let's take a quick poll.
What's more impressive?
The raw power of rending the pockets from the jeans
or the sort of like devil may care,
throw caution to the wind nihilism
of saying I don't need pockets
because I, Justin McElroy, I need pockets desperately.
Oh yes.
Like I think non-pockets would be insta-trash
for my jeans if they didn't have pockets.
Human beings need pockets so badly.
We invented fanny packs.
Yep.
Like we had to get additional pockets
to strap onto our pants.
Nobody looks at a cargo pant and says
that will make people very attracted to me.
They think I have a full-size original Game Boy
and damn it, oops, I have four of them
and now I have a home for all of them and this is great.
If you imagine it from this person's perspective,
it would be pretty terrifying.
Yeah, especially if there's some kind of noise
associated with the tear.
Like there's a, he did it and then he dropped right back to.
So anyways, yeah, Garden's a gallon ticket too.
I really liked it.
It's like, no, what just happened?
We gotta, it's gotta be the rear.
I'm looking at my own pants now
and I would encourage everybody at home
to think of this as your own self.
I can't really tear the front pockets out of my pants
because they are part of it.
It's not like I have a pocket on top of it.
Like I do, the back pockets are just like a flap
that's buttoned up over the butt of my jeans fabric.
That is not true for the front pocket.
So this had to be a rear pocket situation,
which I think only makes this more confusing for me.
Oh, see, I was picturing like the fabric sleeve,
the fabric- The fabric sleeves,
whatever it means, for sure.
The pocket remain, the outside,
but if you're taking like the inner guts of the pocket out,
maybe this person is planning-
He wants to do a secret jerk off.
Well, I wasn't gonna say that, Griffin, but sure.
Your brother's nasty.
Why would he do this before you?
Because now it's gonna be like,
uh-oh, someone's doing a secret jerk off.
We need clues, Mindhunter.
Oh, I know.
I think I know the culprit.
He did it fucking right in front of me,
ripped them right out.
I think it would be, maybe he's like
kind of a Gallagher sort of person or a carrot top.
And he's got a bit where he's like,
I'm trying to find my keys.
And if he did this,
he could just keep reaching deeper and deeper into the pockets.
It would be pretty good if he's like,
no, that's not there.
Nope, nope, that's not there.
No, that's my knee.
Huh, weird.
And then eventually he would probably fall over.
I'm trying to imagine what the punchline is.
He put like really deep pockets.
You're like, okay, you ripped the pocket out.
But then from his knee, he pulls out the keys.
And it's like, holy shit.
He has the world's deepest pocket.
Maybe he's like installing, oh, okay.
Jeans makers, as far as your arm goes down,
that's how long pockets should be from now on.
Man, I love that.
I could get so many runts in there.
I'm gonna do a little experiment.
Like we're on a Bill Nye show
and I'm gonna try to tear the fucking fabric
out of my pants pocket right now.
I'll try mine too.
I'm wearing pajama pants.
I love the pants I'm wearing.
They're some of my favorite brown pants from the Gap,
but I'll still try it.
So Juice, you wanna go same time?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, Trav, count it down.
Three, two, one, rip.
I'm getting some traction.
Listen, listen.
I'm definitely getting some tear.
Kevin, stop.
Think about it.
It's not worth it.
Shut up.
Oh, I'm doing it.
Okay, I'm done.
I'm done, I'm done.
I'm gonna stop.
You can't start and then not fit.
All right, guys, I really love these pants.
They make my butt look like just two hams.
But you're already...
Okay, this is another great move.
Now take those to a tailor or a dry cleaner
and be like, yeah, pocket mishap.
Oh, bummer.
It wasn't the pocket that was tearing.
It was the seam on the side of my pants.
Okay, let's talk about my current look.
Because now it's not like a cool sort of skinned knee look,
you know, like the acid wash cool look.
It's like maybe six inches from the belt down
on the right seam of my pants.
There's a considerable hole
that one might be able to slot a jawbreaker into.
And I'll never be able to explain to anyone
why they are that way.
Can you text a picture?
Yeah, I'll text you a picture right now.
Oh, no, I don't have my phone.
It's charging in the other room.
But do you not trust me that...
No, I do.
No, I heard it.
I heard it.
Shit, guys, I really like these pants.
Fuck.
All right, well, how about a Yahoo?
Fuck, I'm gonna be sad.
Why did I do that?
I hate peer pressure.
We didn't make you do it.
No peer pressure.
I didn't even suggest it.
Run back the tape.
You brought it up.
I think this is cyber bullying
because we're on a Skype call.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in
by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
Shit, man.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
Jim Curry asks,
I have to convenience...
Jesus.
I have to convenience my friends on social media
that I have kidney stone.
It's not for attention.
Actually, I failed my exam
and I have to prepare for it
and I feel ashamed.
So I want to give them an excuse
why I'm not going to spend the weekend with them.
Help.
This isn't...
It's...
I think kidney stones,
personally speaking,
is not a rich comedy vein
because I had one once
that they had to surgically remove it.
I think they put,
you know,
little...
little Dennis Quaid in a machine inside my penis
to go up in there and sort of laser blast it.
And it sucked a lot.
So it's not...
I'm not necessarily thinking it's the funniest,
but I do think that somebody
trying to sell a fake kidney stone
vis-a-vis 140 or perhaps even 280 character tweets
is good to me.
So can you sort of describe
what the experience of having a kidney stone was like?
Can you sort of describe what the experience of having a kidney stone was like, Griffin?
Yeah, sure.
You know how sometimes-
My body's a temple
and I don't allow that sort of thing.
Your body is a fucking bean hole.
It's a hole that you pour beans into
in order for you to just continue to function.
Well, isn't that true of all of us, though?
We're all just bean holes
and if you really think about it.
What it was like...
Okay, you know how sometimes you pee is yellow?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nope.
Not this time around.
You know sometimes you pee
and it doesn't feel like you've just been gored by a big, big bull
or hit by a regular size train?
Uh-huh.
Well, that doesn't have to be the case all the time.
I think maybe we could pull this off with a Vine.
We have to bring Vine back in a six-second video
of you doing a vape trick or water bottle challenge
and you do the water bottle challenge and you get it
and you're like,
haha, hell yeah, oh!
And you fall over.
And then the caption of the Vine is like,
lol in the hospital now, had a kidney stone attack.
But did you see that?
Did you see that flip though?
Hashtag dab.
So what color was the pee?
The bad color, Justin.
Let's not.
People listen to this podcast for pleasure.
I'm just trying to figure out if we could sort of replicate that
with food coloring of some sort
that you could text to your friends,
like guys, I'm freaking out.
You don't go for kidney stone.
You enlist your friends in the diagnosis of it.
So when you do arrive at kidney stone,
it's a win for everybody.
Do you understand?
I do like this.
It's like hashtag lol anybody see Riverdale last night.
So weird.
Also, I have cloudy or foul smelling urine
and persistent need to urinate
and nausea and vomiting lol.
Hashtag jughead.
What a clown.
I'm looking at the Mayo Clinic page for this now.
And it's like, did anybody hear,
anybody got extra tickets to the weekend concert?
Very excited for it.
Also, I'm experiencing-
Who's playing?
Oh, the weekend, but without the second E or the third E.
And also I'm experiencing pain so severe
that I can't sit still or find a comfortable position.
Hashtag hit me back.
I'm available.
Standing tickets are fine.
Does anybody know how cushy the seats are
at the weekend concert?
Maybe you go even further back
and it's not just you talking about the symptoms,
but you set it up for a while in advance
and it's like, haha, anybody get to steak and shake
after the game on Friday?
I'm real excited.
I've been really enjoying my high calcium oxalate diet.
And also I have a family or personal history
of kidney stones, which lol,
I hear is sort of a genetic risk factor.
Lol.
Lol.
Never been a problem for me though.
Lol, I sure have-
Hashtag blessed.
Lol, sure I'm dehydrated, not drinking enough.
I wonder if that's a risk factor
for any sort of condition lol.
Then you loop your friends in like they're like little
little houses and you say like, I don't know,
maybe I've left some clues somewhere in my timeline
where you could help me fix it together.
You could have saved me.
You had all the clues.
Lol.
Lol.
That especially works if he has a friend named Lol.
You could have saved me Lol.
Lol, have I mentioned I've always had gout
and just cannot get enough of all this high sodium,
high oxalate diet, just really getting going for it.
Also I did great on the exam.
Don't even ask.
Also I did very good at the exam.
And I was eating really salty pretzels
while I took the test and they gave me energy
to get 101% and now I'm the teacher.
Kidney stones are intensely, intensely personal.
Maybe you could just have gout.
Yeah, just have gout.
Gout's a way better way to go.
You tell like a 10th grader you've got gout,
they're not going to know what the fuck you're talking about.
Tell them you got the consumption.
I'm a loner.
And you have to move to an arid climate.
I know we were going to play Mario Odyssey all weekend,
but yeah, I've got TB.
I don't know what to say.
Gotta move to the desert.
Y'all I'm thinking about it.
Disquade never did come out.
He's in my wormy somewhere.
Yeah.
Exploring.
Meditating.
Meditating.
He loves, he's very peaceful.
Dennis, please don't, please don't go back.
Please don't go back inside of there, bud.
Oh, shoot, bud.
Oh, no.
You'd make my, don't bud, come on.
Don't make my business explode.
So on Thursday, I went to a Halloween party
being hosted by a club at my college in full Druid costume.
Very cool mask, the works.
About 45 minutes in, I was informed by a sheepish gentleman
it was, in fact, a club only party, not one hosted by the club.
And I had drastically misunderstood the situation.
Thank God I had not eaten any of their food yet,
and I made a rapid escape, absolutely mortified.
Wow.
Well, hold on.
I need just like one second.
There's a lot of, yeah, I'm a, I'm a-
That is like, so brittle.
Oh, God.
Oh, that's from, my question is, how do I retrieve my skin?
My question is, how do I retrieve my skeleton
from when it jetpacked directly into the sun and recover?
And that's from question,
worst social anxiety situation ever?
Question mark, no, exclamation point, friend.
That's definitely one of the worst things I've ever-
There couldn't be a worse, unless they were like,
unless, the only way this could have gone worse
is if they'd been like, excuse me, it's,
and you're like, oh, sorry, club only party?
A funeral, actually, is what you've arrived at as a funeral.
And it's a club only funeral.
It's a club, also it's a club only funeral,
and you're not welcome.
That's the thing, every, every place I go, I'm waiting,
my fear is, I'm waiting in fear for someone to walk up and say,
you're not supposed to be here.
Oh, I can't, I cannot tell you how far
this would set me back as a person.
Yeah.
It's like every, it's been such small increments
in not getting told that I don't belong at any one,
and like, I cannot think of a situation
that line would not work on me.
Especially if I was in costume, that's the thing.
Like, you're not supposed to be here,
and also you clearly spent a lot of time
putting that costume together,
and you're also not supposed to be here.
Like, okay, bye, I'm a hermit now.
I, if we were doing a live show,
and my face was on the marquee of the venue,
and someone was like, actually, you're not supposed to be here,
I would immediately leave and just assume
you guys hired Dustin Diamond or something.
Yeah, Juice, that's who we, yeah, Juice, yeah, Juice.
Good pool, good pool.
Travis, luckily, even though it was a bad pool,
you said pool.
I did.
And so we can all focus on that.
Yeah, I'm saying cool first.
This reminds me, this occurrence reminds me
of one of my favorite Brent and Travis College stories,
which is, we were trying to branch out,
and meet new people outside of the theater department,
so we went to a party in the science and engineering building
with all the science and engineering kids.
They're all very nice.
We knew nobody.
I knew nobody there.
We were moving around the room,
introducing ourselves, making new friends.
We were thirsty.
We saw a 12-pack of Mountain Dew.
We broke into it, got two Mountain Dews out.
Oh, what a party we said.
And then, about 20, 30 minutes later,
they announced that the auction would be starting
to raise money for the science and engineering,
department, and the first item of forbid,
a 12-pack of Mountain Dew.
Now, in our defense, not a good auction item.
No, please tell me you just bought the whole thing
to make up for your sins.
No, we ran away.
For two Mountain Dews, that is actually the most,
a lot of people say the quintessential college story
is like, yeah, I got so fucked up and barfed on a,
you know, barfed on my dad,
but I stole two Mountain Dews and ruined a party
because of it is actually more sort of my kind of experience.
So I'm right there with you.
Can I do something real quick?
I'm gonna reach down here.
I'm gonna take off my shoe
and I'm gonna put it right on the other foot.
Oh no, it doesn't fit good
because that's not how shoes work,
but I want you all to envision
that you are in this club or perhaps the president
or consigliere of this club,
and you are throwing this party
and all the club members are there
and you're having a great time.
And then a person you don't know shows up dressed up
as a druid and starts just sort of milling about.
Do you think you would have the gumption,
the gumbo to walk up to them and say,
get out of here?
Griffin, I don't know that I would have the gumption
to do that if somebody walked into my house
dressed like a druid,
let alone a party I was throwing.
Now druid costume, I feel like the fact that you say
very cool mask that works
kind of paints a picture in my mind.
If it was just druid costume,
I feel like that is abstract enough that I would not.
But I'm imagining sort of,
we're dealing with a mask,
we're dealing with a cool mask
and we're dealing with a robe, almost definitely.
I cannot imagine a druidic sort of garb
without a robe involved.
Person you don't know walks in with a robe and a mask.
I cannot imagine asking them to leave the party
without receiving some sort of Halloween,
you know, spooky fright of some sort.
Yeah, I do, by the way,
my favorite part of this question is,
thank God I hadn't eaten any of their food yet.
Yeah, it's like the river sticks
once you enter five gamma gammas spot
and you taste of their apples,
you are actually, now you're a pledge, I'm so sorry.
We're gonna need you to leave,
there's a club only event
and you are going to need to reimburse us
for those five peel and eat shrimp.
It is a horrid, think about this for a second.
You see someone in a robe
and they're wearing a very scary mask
and then you go up to them
and you're like, hey, sorry, bud, club members only.
I don't know if you've ever seen a horror movie,
but you're about to get stabbed.
You have definitely entered like a stabbable situation
with that sort of pull.
I don't know how usable this information is,
but if this ever happens again to anyone listening,
just slowly turn your head to face them,
say nothing, look at them.
Or sort of croak like a, oh.
Yeah, and then just like walk past them
as though you didn't register what they said
and then about five minutes after that, you can leave.
You turned and ran away
and that is what anybody hosting this podcast now
would have done, definitely, I feel you.
But did you consider maybe the other option
of something else you could do,
which is you just turn into a bunch of bees
or turn them into a bunch of bees?
Did you even think about turning them into bees
or yourself into bees?
Did you consider maybe I'd like to pursue membership now?
Yeah, I'm in your club in the future, hi.
I wanted to make a big impression on you
so I could get in your club.
Why was this party advertised?
Why did you know about it?
Why did you know about it?
Why would they put up a flyer?
It's like sweet party, costume a must, no outsiders.
No druids.
No druids allowed.
What if you had lifted your mask
and your face was their face?
I think that would be the best response to it.
Club members only, boom.
You're club members only,
you open up your bunch of skeleton bones.
Could you do it?
Could you do that?
Next time this happens to you,
when you take your mask off,
it should be the person that tells you to leave
but 30 years older.
And they're like, I've come to warn you.
And make it clear they've seen some shit.
It's gone downhill since this party
where they kicked you out.
Don't kick me out.
If you do, things will go very terribly for you.
And then they're like, okay, cool.
Have some Mountain Dew.
And you say, all right.
And then you stay, you have a good time,
and now you turn into a bunch of bees.
I just really want that to happen.
You do have to turn into bees.
One way or the other.
At some point, it's not a party
unless someone turns into a bunch of bees.
Yeah, that's what our grandma always said.
As mortifying as this would have been,
on some level, it had to be a relief
because I could think of maybe three parties
in my entire life where if someone had walked up to me
and said, you have to leave now,
I would kind of be like, oh, thank God.
Oh, great.
Cool.
Thank you so much.
That's excellent.
That's excellent news.
Justin, I'm curious about a thing you said.
Do you think, Justin, you've ever turned into bees
at a party that you maybe even threw?
Maybe you threw a party and you're like,
oh, boy, anxiety is a little high.
Time for bees.
And you turn into bees to get out of there?
I've wished for that ability.
I know I don't have that ability
because I've tried so hard to turn into bees
so many different times and it has never worked.
Oh, don't abuse the power.
Don't abuse the power.
It's got to be in situations where-
When it's right, you'll know.
I do like that Griffin, for you, turning into bees
is synonymous with making a quiet exit.
Well, hold on.
Because now I tore my pants earlier.
This sounds like another challenge.
I'm going to sit here real hard.
I'm going to try to turn into bees.
Travis, count me down.
Okay, three, two, one, bees.
Fuck.
I just turned into one big bee.
Well, that always means it's time to go to the money zone.
Or should we say the honey zone?
I got honey dripping out of my stinger and everything
like bees do, I think.
Our first sponsor this week is pollen.
I love scooping it up and shitting it out
into that good stuff that people put in their tea.
No, it's just Harry's.
Harry's.
You guys know my favorite cereals?
Honey Nut Cheerios and Honeycomb.
Yeah.
And Honey Bunches of Oats.
No, fuck that shit.
Harry's is all about a great shave at a great price.
There's no bees in any of this stuff.
Do you have a Harry thorax?
Sure, we all do.
Hi, I'm Travis McElroy for Harry's,
and we want to shave your bee butt or whatever.
Harry's was started by two giant bees
that were fed up with buying overpriced razors.
So they bought a German factory with over 100 yards of blade
making experience to ensure the highest quality.
And over 100,000 bees.
The smallest possible blades for the bees.
They sell their blades online,
and so they're able to cut the cost.
That's not italicized like it's a joke,
but it probably should be.
Yeah.
They're able to cut the cost of the middleman.
So you can get a free trial offer from Harry's today.
It's a $13 value for free when you sign up.
You just cover shipping.
That free trial set is going to include
a weighted ergonomic razor handle,
five precision German engineered blades
with a lubricating strip and a trimmer blade,
rich lathering shave gel,
a travel blade cover,
seven discreet bees, non-living.
To get your free trial set,
go to harrys.com slash my brother right now.
That's harrys.com slash my brother.
Listen.
Can I tell you about-
Yes?
Can I tell you about Zip Recruiter?
Okay.
Do you have a joke past that?
Uh, I plan on being the rest of a bee
for the rest of the podcast, Trav.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that's the joke.
Cause I've dedicated myself to being a bee
for the rest of the podcast.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go on, go on, go on, go on.
I don't know.
I don't know how to replace it.
I already got full dog body surgery
and I don't know.
I think I can't go.
I have the punch card from Dr. Cool Body's surgery studio.
So I guess I could go back in there
and see if I could get a freebie.
But anyways, Zip Recruiter, are you hiring?
Do you know where you can post your job
to find the best candidates?
With Zip Recruiter, you can post your job
over a hundred of the web's leading job boards
with just one click.
Then Zip Recruiter puts its smart matching technology
to work on the worldwide web.
I hate webs cause I flew in one.
One time spider almost got me.
When you put on the website,
actively notifies qualified candidates
about your job within minutes of posting
so you receive the best possible matches.
No wonder 80% of employers who post on Zip Recruiter
get up quality candidate through the site in just one day.
Zip Recruiter, the smartest way to hire.
You can find out today why Zip Recruiter has been used
by growing businesses of all sizes and industries
to find the most qualified job candidates
with immediate results.
We needed a new hive queen.
Tell us where to put the royal jelly and stuff.
And we got this, her name's Amanda.
And she does great work.
And right now our listeners can post jobs
on Zip Recruiter for free.
That's right for free.
Just go to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
One more time to try it free.
Go to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
I want to tell you about Inhumation.
Inhumation is a comedy drama web comic
about dead teenagers burning in hell.
And by burning in hell, I mean working a fast food job
and going on awkward dates.
The artist also does illustration commissions.
So go to ivstudios.net slash Inhumation.
Check out the comic today.
Mention this ad and you'll get 20% off
an illustration commission.
So ivstudios.net slash Inhumation.
You didn't do enough bee stuff in that one.
Bees.
Okay.
Griffin, do this one.
Why do I do it?
Because there's a part about honeymoon
and I thought that would be good.
Okay, okay, okay, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.
I'll edit this one out later, Greg.
Who is this message for?
It's for Caroline.
And it's from Mike Tibbs in Sayley who says,
happy birthday slash wedding day and or honeymoon
to my favorite per-
Fuck, hold on.
Happy birthday slash wedding days and or honeymoon.
Mm, sounds delicious.
To my favorite, they don't eat the honey today.
Let me try again.
Happy birthday slash wedding day and or honeymoon.
I make honey.
To my favorite person in the world,
here's to years and years of us watching TV and movies,
playing video games, cuddling with the fur babies.
I'm assuming that's bees.
And whatever flavor adventures we find ourselves on.
Best honey flavor.
I love you.
That's so sweet, like honey is.
I need to help.
I'm Hal Loveland.
I'm Danielle Radford.
I am Michael Eagle.
And we are the hosts of Tights and Fights,
Maximum Fun's newest podcast dedicated to all things wrestling.
We'll be talking about Sasha Banks,
the women's revolution, Sasha Banks,
the brand split and Sasha Banks' wigs.
And we'll also be talking about wrestler fashion.
Some wrestlers wear too many clothes.
Some wrestlers don't wear enough clothes at all.
And I'll be doing impressions of all your favorite wrestlers.
New episodes Thursdays on Maximum Fun
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Oh yeah, dig it.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This is a good one from Jake Lousing.
Thank you, Jake.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Latanya asks, how to get slime off the ceiling?
How to get slime off the ceiling?
Additional details.
Happy Halloween.
That's for me.
Very spooky.
Okay.
I want to say something.
I'm a parent of a three-year-old.
There's nothing funny about this question.
This question is not funny at all.
It's very serious.
Because there's slime.
Here's a question.
How do I get slime out of my fucking house?
My daughter likes to make slime with glue and contact solution
and all manner of ungodly things.
There's lard and glitter and the little foam beads
that you put into things.
It's a nightmare.
Foam what?
Like a little, you know, like micro fill, like micro beads
that you would put in a bean bag or something.
A bean bag?
A bean bag.
Sounds terrible.
Don't put me in a bag.
She likes to make a lot of it, not play with it,
and then put it in a bag where it could be my problem forever.
I've started like reverse contraband,
trying to figure out ways that I can smuggle slime
with other trashes that will not be detected.
You just gotta eat a little bit, just a little bit at a time.
Hide it behind Rita Hayworth, I think.
Yeah.
The slimy, slimy Rita Hayworth poster you've got.
What's going on?
You don't understand.
There's a bunch of slime back there.
Do not touch that poster, please.
Please don't.
This is for the good of everyone.
I've been digging a hole to put the slime into.
And Chris this morning, Charlie, come in here.
What?
It's just a poster.
Yeah, rip.
Slime deluge.
Slime.
Oh, Justin, is that the problem?
Did you say, I don't know?
No.
Did you say, I don't know, Justin?
That would get slime off the ceiling, right?
Yeah.
Can I ask you?
If you stand underneath it, say, I don't know,
and it'll fall right on there.
Yeah.
Was Rosie O'Donnell anywhere?
Just sort of hiding,
but also secretly hosting the Kids' Choice Awards.
No, she was not.
But can I just say,
I think that you can't do that on television.
Gag is really gonna land with our demo.
Yeah.
Appreciate that.
How has that not had its own nostalgic resurgent?
Like, I don't know.
I feel like it should have hit, right?
Let's do the hidden temple hit.
Where's my Pete and Pete like rebirth?
I would watch a, you can't do that.
Oh no, I'm thinking of what would you do?
Shit.
Where's that what would you do rebirth?
That was what I'm looking for.
Just people opening up lockers
and maybe there's a pine and maybe there's just slime,
but maybe there's rollerblades.
Yeah.
Okay, now is what would you do the one with John Quinones?
Yes.
Or is that the up?
That's the one where John Quinones puts people
in awkward situations in real life
to see how they respond to them.
And if they do a good job,
he lets them go to the prize lockers.
And sometimes there's a gag in there
and sometimes there's a floam in there,
but sometimes there's a, you know,
tickets to Universal Studios Orlando, Florida,
where they can go and catch a new episode
of the Mystery Files of Shelby Woo.
Or catch a predator.
Or catch a predator.
Was that Quinones?
No.
Was it?
No, that was Shelby Woo did that.
She hosted.
She hosted to catch a predator?
Yeah, the fictional character did.
Okay, horrible news.
What would you do is in fact the name
of the show with John Quinones
and the game show with Mark Summers.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna change it.
They have to change it.
That show's been off the air for a long time, John.
I don't care.
I'm not changing it.
Now, John Quinones, have you considered putting
maybe even a little bit of gag in your situations?
Just to sort of serve as a narrative thread.
Just so what?
Oh, this army vet lost his wallet
and also his gag.
Now, in order for this to be fair use,
it had to legally be a remake.
So for the last three minutes of the show,
I'm not gonna put any strangers in awkward situations.
I'm just gonna throw a pie at my dad.
That is how every episode of the Mark Summers
will end in.
How do we get this fucking slime off the ceiling though?
And I put this one on here
because maybe I thought it'd be a spooky Halloween one.
I didn't know it would reverberate with Justin
quite as much as it did.
Yeah, it is scary to me.
I will say that.
I'm sitting here spooked.
Why doesn't your daughter just have one slime?
I don't understand the need for more slime.
She doesn't wanna play with it.
Wants to make it.
But then you're not allowed to throw it away?
But then I can't throw it away.
Because it's a gift.
So she makes it and keeps it
and then that's it.
What I should try to get her to do
is start selling it.
Maybe I could put her to work
in that sort of junior achievement sort of situation
where she's just like making the slime
and then putting it in little containers
and selling it to buy food.
What if you started storing it in a very large lock box
and then on her 18th birthday,
you wheeled it out and said,
this is where your college money went.
Yeah, to this nice slime box.
Yeah, this is, well, I mean, the money,
I don't know what,
but you're talking about contact solution and glue.
That ain't cheap.
Contact solution isn't cheap.
So like, I don't know how many thousands of dollars a week
you're spending on slime fixings,
but it can't be cheap.
Are you okay, Justin?
How are you doing with your money?
Are you poor now?
It's not pricey.
I mean, it's Elmer's glue.
It's contact solution.
No, don't give out the recipe here.
Are you crazy?
Why not?
If I give out the recipe
and there's a huge rush on it,
maybe I won't be able to find the ingredients at the store.
What if everybody in our whole listening audience,
here's the recipe you give out, makes their own slime,
slime gets big and strong, takes over the whole world
and spreads and consumes all of us.
And then that one's on you, Juice.
There are certain ratios of the slime recipe
that turn it into a fun slime for the whole family
that does not stick to your furniture.
And then there's other ratios
where it's basically a furniture destruction kit
where it's like, I just wanna destroy this ottoman forever
and this is the slime that I've made to do it.
Juice, I got a great idea for you.
What's that?
You get Charlie and you say,
all right, new slime recipe time.
And this one's gonna be a lot of fun.
And you say, Terry, take this ground beef
and you take these onions and some minced garlic
and chili powder, salt and some oregano and stewed tomatoes.
And then, oh, you're gonna love this.
It makes it all sticky and fun.
Some tomato sauce and some kidney beans.
And we'll put them in this crock pile,
make the most fun slime.
But then at the end of the day, you say,
it's like, guys, it's gonna take eight hours
and we're gonna turn this to high
because that's how the slime gets the best.
And then at the end of the day, you just got chili, baby.
Edible slime.
Chili is just edible slime, my man.
Chili is just edible slime.
But oh, what a good and delicious prank to pull.
And then you don't have the slime problem anymore.
And then all of a sudden now,
she's on MasterChef Junior, but she can only make chili.
Today, you're going to make my most electable beef Wellington.
Charlie, let's see what you've got.
Oh, it's chili again.
Well, it's very good chili.
It's good chili and God, gosh dang it, you're cute.
Let's get rid of an ugly boy.
But my crust is so flaky.
Yeah, I don't care.
You're gone.
But I'm also British.
Now, Charlie, here this time,
I see you just sort of dollop chili into cupcake wrappers.
You know that that's not a cupcake, right?
I mean, that's chili still.
And my sweet Charlie, what do you call this?
Slime.
Okay.
Daddy's slime.
Daddy's slime.
Okay.
I think that considering chili is one of the three foods I can eat,
that's probably good.
The jig's gonna be up pretty quick.
I had to look up an all recipes chili recipe
to name all those ingredients, by the way.
And now I'm just looking at pictures of chili
and just having some sweet daydreams.
Justin, read the next question.
Oh, all right, Trav.
No problem.
I'm hungry for chili now.
I need to get this show done
and we got a three question minimum before we can wrap up.
Okay.
This next one's weird.
For as long as I can remember,
my dad has been afraid of loose buttons,
like the ones you would sew onto a shirt.
He refuses to be near them or interact with them in any way.
However, he's completely fine with buttons
that are attached to clothing.
My mother also sews frequently.
So there's a large amount of loose buttons around their house.
Perfect.
How can I help my dad overcome his fear
of small plastic circles?
And that's from disconcerted descendant in Decatur.
The real Sam and Diane situation going on here.
No, can't you boys see?
Can't you see the truth here?
Look at the pieces.
Put the pieces together.
I had the clues the whole time.
I could have saved her.
You had the clues the whole time, lol?
The buttons.
The mother likes to sew buttons, right?
Hey, honey, will you sew this button on a shirt?
I can't.
I'm afraid of loose buttons.
What?
Yeah.
Committed to that.
That, like, the father-
You're saying the dad doesn't want to sew so badly
that he says he's afraid of-
A fear of loose buttons.
Like, I say I'm afraid of the noise that the weed whacker makes.
And so I just won't go near it because it scares me so bad.
So it's sort of like,
honey, the button fell off my favorite Oxford.
Can you sew it back on for me?
I'll get around to it.
But I'm freaking out!
Yeah.
Help!
Please do it now!
It's just sitting there, mocking me!
Look at it!
It's gonna eat me or whatever.
It looks like a very bad plate.
A very small, bad plate.
What if it gets sucked up in the vacuum and breaks it?
That's terrifying.
It's kind of like how I'm afraid of distortions in the world's electromagnetic field.
Because it throws off all my receptors.
Shit.
Um...
Throw away all the buttons!
Like, throw away all the buttons or put them in a special button box.
If your dad says, here's a button.
Your dad worked so hard to, you know, send you to dentist school or seminary.
The only two schools there are.
And the least you could do is when you hear him yelling and yelling and yelling,
you go and you pick up the small button and you put him in the button box.
This is not that-
If this is your dad's thing, there's not-
There are worse things.
There are worse things.
You do have to think of it when it says loose, but it's not like buttons on the loose, right?
It's like even if they're in a container, it is still a loose button.
You just put them in a closet or he doesn't know where they are.
But here's the thing, right?
I'm afraid of spiders, right?
I've told my wife this many times.
And if my wife was like, no, I'm still going to keep an old cookie tin full of spiders.
That's the most buck wild thing you've ever fucking said, Travis.
But that's what's going on here.
Your dad's like, I'm scared of buttons.
And mom's like, cool, cool, cool.
Here's my big thing of buttons.
Yeah, but she probably isn't mean about it like that.
Now, I will say you could be.
You could have essentially what I would consider to be a human no-no can.
If your dad starts acting up or, you know, maybe he tells an embarrassing story at a wedding
or a graduation party or a, you know, seminary graduation party,
then you just get out the no-no can.
And you don't even-
I think at a certain point, you don't even have to shake it anymore.
He sees it.
He knows what's in there.
Buttons.
He knows what he did.
He knows what he did.
Well, you don't even need that.
You just start tugging at a button on your shirt.
Like, oh, feels a little loose.
And then your dad like runs away.
Yeah.
I, you, your dad, I kind of have to side with Griffin here.
Your dad has been through a lot raising you.
And I guarantee as a child, you had fears and concerns that were far more rational
than loose buttons.
Yesterday, my daughter screamed, literally screamed for 15 minutes
because I flushed a poop of hers before her mommy could see it.
And that was 15 minutes of that because she really wanted mom to come in and see the-
Mommy wasn't there at the moment.
So it would have been sort of a museum piece for a little while.
But still, I shouldn't have flushed it.
So like you've done, like you had worse things than loose buttons when you were a kid
and your dad didn't, didn't, you know, try to throw them in your face.
So don't throw loose buttons at your dad.
In his face, unless.
Unless.
Unless.
You can set up the best, most effective, and most cost-efficient haunted house
that has ever been devised.
And they just walk into the house
and there's no decorations or spooky lighting or a, you know, chainsaw man,
but there's no chain on it because we're just having fun here.
It's just you and your standby or laptop plugged into
maybe 14 speakers arranged all in a circle around the room.
Door will lock behind him.
You're gonna need mom's help with that one.
Get your mom.
Hey kids, get your mom's help for this fun haunted house.
And then you press play on Spotify and it is the Pussycat Dolls featuring Snoop Dogg's buttons.
And then you just reach into just a big box you have
and you just start letting those little guys fly.
Can I tell you why I love this girl?
One, it's a great idea.
But two, I love the idea of-
The song Pussycat Dolls, but-
Yes.
You did the buttons.
I like the idea of a bespoke haunted house that is only meant for one per-
Like, Derek, I heard you were afraid of, you know, the car from Knight Rider.
And so like you walk in, I built you a whole haunted house
that's just about the car from Knight Rider.
I've put a lot of work and it's only going to be effective for one person.
Yeah, I have Mr. Feeny here and he's gonna do the thing.
Mine would be, so Justin, welcome.
The door locks behind me and it is the robot woman from Superman 3
standing in front of the old HBO logo as it flies across the screen.
That would be very-
Yeah, that would take me to town.
But here's the thing, this doubles as fun Halloween fare and immersion therapy.
I came out of a regular haunted house and I haven't been cured of my fear of mummies
and generally being murdered by supernatural or natural forces.
But after this sort of buttons gauntlet,
after this sort of Pussycat Dolls torture chamber
that you're locking your dad inside for a little bit,
I think this problem's gonna solve itself.
Griffin, what is your greatest fear?
Mine?
Yeah, I feel like Justin and I talk about our fears a lot on this show.
Yeah, so I think that we, other than the intro,
didn't say anything funny for the first 10 minutes of the podcast.
And then we did a lot of B-talk that I think maybe overstated
to welcome us by a significant margin.
And I guess my biggest fear is all the tweets we're gonna get from people saying like,
man, my Bim Bam is over or like, you know, I was excited that it wasn't gonna be
another live episode because I hate those for some reason.
But it was, there was just, all the B stuff didn't really connect with me.
So you think the episode's gonna generate a lot of buzz?
Well, that's gonna do it for us here on My Brother, My Brother and Me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
Want to say a reminder to you that we are sort of,
we've got the rest of the year like lined up ticket-wise.
If you want to come see us live, you have basically two slim opportunities to do so.
The first is in Chicago on the 16th at the Chicago Theater.
And the next is in Milwaukee, November 19th at the Riverside Theater.
You can find links to both of those McElroy shows dot com slash tours.
There is a third option.
What's that?
PodCon.
Oh, that's right.
PodCon for sure.
Yeah.
Good point, Trav.
December 9th and 10th in Seattle.
We're all, so we're going to be doing an NBNB AM and also an Adventure Zone Q&A.
Also like we'll be participating in a bunch of different things.
Also there is gonna be Welcome to Night Vale, Last Name Basis, John and Hank Green.
Let's see, Sawbones, Still Buffering, a bunch of things.
And you can find out the whole lineup at podcon.com.
Tickets are still available and there is also an option even if you aren't able to attend
where you will be able to hear everything later, like in a remote attendance thing.
So go check that out at podcon.com and we hope to see you there.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song, It's
a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's an extremely spooky album that gives me horrible nightmares.
Well, no, it's not.
I also want to thank Maximum Fun for having us.
You can go to MaximumFun.org slash Jumbotrons because they are going to go on sale this
week to get Jumbotrons on the show.
They're going to be selling them for the first six months of 2018.
They're going on sale November 1st.
That's this Wednesday at 11 a.m. Pacific time.
And I promise you they will sell out, so if you want to get a message on the show or any
of our podcasts for the first half of 2018, make sure you lock down your spot this Wednesday,
November 11th at 11 a.m.
Pacific time.
Maximum Fun.org slash Jumbotron.
Speaking of November 1st, at Joseph Beth Booksellers here in Cincinnati, I am going to be moderating
an event, a book, reading and signing with the new Welcome to Night Vale book.
With Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor, the book is It Devours.
Justin did the last one, so I get to do this one.
She last time asked me to do that, and I guess I must not have...
Well, now I live in Cincinnati.
Hmm.
But that's going to be Wednesday night at Joseph Beth Booksellers, I believe seven o'clock.
Hope to see you there.
I have one more little plug, too.
It's the Radiotopia Place Drive is going on.
The Radiotopia Place Drive is going on right now, Radiotopia.fm.
Our dear friend Roman Mars has a whole bunch of stone killers over there getting it done
every day, and you should kick a few bucks their way if you like some of the great shows
they do.
So Radiotopia.fm.
Here's that final Yahoo! is sent in by Kiersten.
Thank you, Kiersten.
It's Yahoo!
Answer is user.
Come on.
Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Nope, it's not going to load.
Roman Mars asked this, and it's really him.
This is really Roman Mars, so I'm going to do his voice.
Where does the noise from the doorbell come from?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Roman Mars, and this is going to be the worst episode 99% visible ever.
I'm so sorry.
I have no ideas.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hey there, folks.
I am writer and performer Dave Holmes, and I host International Waters, where we pair
a team of comedians in LA against a team of comedians in London in a pop culture trivia
battle royale.
Comedians like Josie Long.
I worry that it makes me seem like I'm 80 years old, but I hurt my knee, and it is just
on the mend.
And I can't tell you how delightful that feels.
If I want to walk down some stairs, I just go for it now.
Michaela Watkins.
We have a country where our leaders actually deny global warming, so we are going to have
more beachfront property than any other nation.
I mean, it's going to shrink our country in half, but it's okay.
But that's just more beach.
And many more.
Join us every other week on International Waters with me, Dave Holmes.
Find it on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
