The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother, and me, where we've just finished our yearly viewing
of the VMAs. We all gathered together. Hands up, hands up, meta question. Who actually watched
them? Because I missed out. I watched Lady Gaga's performance, which was haunting,
and then I watched her second one that she did with Robin Thicke, and god, she is a chameleon.
You could barely even detect that that was her. She was blending into his suit.
Did you know that everyone in the audience is Lady Gaga? They did it with computers.
Actually, I heard a rumor that that first part was true, but that it wasn't computers.
She just did it? She's amazing. She just fucking did it. She's the first mutant.
The gene is making itself known. God, we were going to talk about Miley Cyrus,
like this is all anyways fucking talking about. I'm going to hit it from a different angle.
She was an embarrassment to furries. Yeah. Miley Cyrus was? Yes. Was she wearing a fursuit? She
was convinced that it was about furry. She was in a fucking like had mouse ears on and like
was wearing like a mouse bathing suit and everybody was in these weird like almost like
those teddy bear plastic toys you get out of like a gumball machine. We should mention Griffin has
been in Germany for the past week where that kind of thing is completely normal. Can I say something
without I imagine we have German listeners. I don't want people to think I'm xenophobic because
I genuinely do love traveling to Germany. This is this is my second time doing it for work,
but the hotel we were staying at had a TV station that was literally 24 hours Nazi documentary,
like a like an old timey like like a like a TV news special on on the whole Nazi thing.
And they showed it like literally like around the clock. Every time we ate dinner at the hotel,
they had the TV turned to that station. And it's like, guys, this is worse than the Miley Cyrus
shit. And that was really bad. I'm not saying that what the things that the Nazis did were worse,
but the documentary, the documentary, why are you dredging that shit up? Move on.
You've got lots of stuff going for you now. You bail out every country. Yep. You made the
new Beatle, which is fantastic. You're not Russia. You're not Russia. Look at that. That's pretty
great. Hello, Germany. And we're here to help you. I'm sorry. Morgan thing funny about the
Miley. Watch that Miley Cyrus video, I think, is what it's like for most people listening to
my brother. My brother and me, there's adults walking around with giant teddy bears on their
back. And it's like, yeah, life feels like that sometimes. Listen, that only thing that makes
that whole thing worthwhile is every time it cuts to the audience, like you either see like
screaming fans or like other like actual musical professionals who just look horrified. I'm gonna
say this. Okay. I'm gonna let you guys finish. I'm gonna say this, though. Just let the fucking
girl twerk. Let the girl do her goddamn thing. The fucking news people who are making this a big deal
are pitching it from the angle of look at what Hannah Montana turned out to be. And it's like,
guess what? Everybody fucking grows up. You're the one that's looking at this 20-year-old woman
slapping her butt cheeks together in a way that's supposed to be sexually provocative and being
like, I wonder what a 12-year-old doing that would look like. You fucking perverts. If you're
sharing that link, if you're dropping that link on your Facebook wall, guess what? You're a pervert,
too. I'm the only non-pervert in the room saying this is a 20-year-old woman trying to be sexually
provocative by slapping her butt cheeks together like you would your hands after a good theater
performance. I cannot tell if you're in favor or against it. I'm neutral on the thing, but what I'm
against are people like, that used to be, that's somebody's daughter. Yeah, guess what? So is every
stripper. Right about that, CNN. CNN does not do enough stripper-based programming. No, but they
do a fuck ton of Miley Cyrus-based programming. But the problem with your whole idea of it being
sexually provocative is that it like- It's not sexual at all? It literally, like, I have filed
1099s that have been more sexually arousing than that whole performance. Yeah, but in defense,
you file your 1099 by taking it to a strip club and tying two pins to a stripper's butt cheeks,
and then making him twerk on top of it. Twerk my taxes. You know, Justin never gets his taxes
done on time, and he doesn't write anything on the sheets. And it smells like buffet. It smells
like buffets. I try to get him on TurboTwerk because it's cheaper. It's ultimately cheaper.
This is My Brother, My Brother Me. It's an advice show for the modern era where we take your
questions and turn them alchemy-like into wisdom. Stop being a fucking pervert. That's point number
one. Guess what? One day, Miley Cyrus is going to die, probably of old age if she gets there.
You're not going to write, you remember when this old broad died. That wouldn't have happened if
she was 12 years old. Yeah, no shit. People get older. Time passes. We're all traveling through
fucking time. Where does Hannah Montana get off dying of old age? Do you guys think everyone
else is just as surprised as we are when Robin Thicke shows up at performances now? As surprised
as Robin Thicke is, maybe. In his head, the entire time, he can't stop thinking,
I'm Alan Thicke's son. What am I even doing here? What am I doing here? It's only a matter of time
before they see through the charade. I'm dressed like Beetlejuice. They have to see through this.
They have to know what's up. They have to know I'm Alan Thicke's son. That's the dude from
Not Quite Human. He's going to go around the bend, and Alan Thicke is going to be more edgy than
Robin Thicke. He's got to be careful, because he's going to come out with some real role.
Show me that frown again. That's his edgy song. Instead of wanting to see your smile,
he wants to see your frown. I will soon be moving back to college for the second time at the age of
27. I will most likely be older than most of my classmates and flatmates. English, please. I'm
moving to a new city, and that won't help anyone. Have you any advice on how to deal with the
situation in terms of making friends? Like with relationships, is there an age gap that makes
friendships a bit weird? And that's from New to Newcastle. We're all taking a while to get to this
one, because we all know what we have to say. No, there's no age gap to relationships.
I had friends in college, at which point I was in my early 20s. I guess like 19 to 24,
I was in college. Yeah, five years. I'll back off. But I had friends that I did not realize until a
couple years into our friendship that they were in their late 20s or early 30s. It did not even
occur to me. I have friends like that now that I started working with the theater, and I knew some
of them for like two or three years, and then we had a birthday party for one of their 40th
birthdays. And I was like, oh shit, I thought you were like 28. But at the same time in your classes
as a freshman, when you look over and see somebody who's obviously nine years your senior, you get to
have some questions. I think that's a normal thing. What questions, though? You're going
to school. You're improving your life. It's not like the dude's 85 and going back to college.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing. I'm saying it's a mysterious thing. I was about to say,
then it's like a Rodney Dangerfield movie, when no, in fact, it is just a Rodney Dangerfield movie.
I don't think he was 27 when that movie was. Hard livin'. Hard livin'. That was after the point
when his face started to look like a fish's face, and I think that he hit that point.
His face slid down. By the time he was 70, Rodney Dangerfield's face is on his belly.
All people know that. Still hilarious. So funny. Funniest belly in the Catskills.
He looks like the alien from the Men in Black movie that we reference
in every episode of this podcast. I'm glad we're finally beating that
pretty boy Rodney Dangerfield up. That'll teach it.
Did you see him twerking at the VMAs? Who does he think he is?
Where does he get off? He's gotten too much respect for too long.
I think that when it comes to age and stuff in college, I think you are as old.
You know, you're as old as you act. You're as old as you feel. I think that if you go in there
being like, I'm out of place and I am too old and I don't fit in, that is exactly the vibe you're
going to give off, and people are going to be like, yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I think that that's actually good. If you don't make a big thing of your age,
nobody's going to grill you on it. But when I moved back to Huntington after
college, I was like 23, 24, and I was hanging out with 19-year-olds, and it was no big deal.
That young stuff. I'm 32,
and whenever I go to the high school football games and just talk to the people in band about
my glory days, I don't feel. You pull your van up
right underneath the bleachers. Probably just shout up until one of them looks down.
Yeah. Say, I got a stage pack if you guys want to share it.
You want to check the smell of light in your tuba?
They even made up a cute nickname for me. Him.
Oh, that's nice.
Or he's back.
They call me that sometimes. He's back. Him.
Griffin, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I would love that. I got a bunch of really, really good ones this week. Thank you guys all for
sending them in. If you want to send any Yahoo, just shoot it to mbmbam at maximumfun.org,
and I read every one. Thank you. This one was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Ira Ray.
Who wants to know? It's asked by Yahoo answer. She's a true beauty who asks,
how can I legally change my dog's name?
His name is Larry. I want to change it to Larry's Fiesta party on the house.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to open up a food truck inside my dog.
Or additional details or hot dog party days.
It's a really good name for a dog. Why do people keep sticking with one word name for dogs?
Well, this person doesn't say is that this is the dog's request.
Hey, Larry feels so unsophisticated, so unironic.
I don't know what channels you need to go through, but I've written down some suggestions.
It's why we don't teach dogs English because they ask for stupid things like this.
This is why I brought this question up is because it brings up a good point.
I'm learning all about sort of the life of dogs. We already discussed my revelation about dog
periods. Dogs go through a lot of the same shit that we go through, but at the same time, if I
take my dog, Larry, his previous given name was Larry, and I decided to change it to Larry's
Fiesta party on the house.
The puppy formerly known as Larry.
Right. And I take LFPH to the vet and they're like, Larry? And I say, no, it's Larry's Fiesta
party on the house. They're not going to be like, says here on his documentation, it's Larry,
right? Or do I need to like go to the fucking courthouse, get a new social security card for
my goddamn dog? I thought it was just like my property. Like if I call my table Jerry,
then I can change it to Jerry's Fiesta party on the house, my table. I'm going to throw this out.
There actually is a circumstance in which you would have to go through some channels to change
your dog's name. What the fuck? If it is AKC registered, if it is registered with the American
Kennel Club as a purebred dog, then you have to register your dog. If it's a competition dog?
Is that what you're saying? No, if you breed it, our dog Nessie, Nessie was registered with the
AKC as Nessie Bell Macaroy. We would have had to contact them to change her name. I changed my cat's
name. That's because you're a fucking dummy. I'm sorry. She looked like a- At the time she looked
like a Toby. That's my whole defense. Then it turned out when I got in there that- Her name
was Kunta Kinte. I asshole. I don't like this. She was a woman. She was a cat woman. She wasn't
a cat woman. She was a cat woman. This is my cat, cat woman. We have Toby on the books.
We have Toby on the books. We're going to need you to change your story. We're going to need to see
this cat's passport. What the fuck? This makes me angry. I think back to the pioneer days,
horses didn't have no documentation. You know what I mean? What about when all the dogs go to heaven,
don't you want St. Pete to have- What if he doesn't have them? Then they go to hell.
I don't have a Larry Fiesta party on the house listed here.
Can I break down actually Larry's Fiesta party on the house?
On the house is a parenthetical.
I mean, you could just do it. I mean, Fiesta party is obviously problematic.
Because we're really just saying Larry party party.
This is my dog Lawrence party party.
Larry's Fiesta party casual get together. The dog. The movie.
Did you see that movie?
Oh, Christ.
It asks or hot dog party days. I think Larry's Fiesta party is-
I think we're pretty- Is that in case the first name is already taken?
We actually already have Larry's Fiesta party.
We have a champion Basset hound named Larry's Fiesta party on the house.
This is fucking the fucking commentators at the Kennel Club show.
The annual Kennel Club show. Ladies and gentlemen,
I know this is going to get confusing, but here comes the second Larry's Fiesta party.
Another purebred Basset hound.
It's a battle of the Larry's Fiesta party on the house.
Somehow we all knew it would come down to this.
A hush falls over the crowd.
And it all comes down to the heat of the genitals.
They both defecate at the same time. It is perfect.
We may have a multiverse situation. We may have a multiverse bleed.
It's made eye contact from across the room.
Travis, you know about dogs and shit.
Is a perfect defecation a category in the Westminster Kennel Club-
Only as a tiebreaker.
Make it look like the little iPhone picture of poopy.
Go.
Do you mean emoticon?
I actually have mean emojis.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot you finally learned that emojis is not teen slang for emotion,
which it still should be.
I recently purchased a few suits for a new job I got that requires me to look somewhat formal.
I feel classy as hell wearing them.
I don't want to wear them as often as possible,
but my girlfriend keeps shooting me down saying I look silly.
Aside from my job, when is classy but modern formal wear acceptable?
I'm a college student as well.
Would it be weird to wear a suit and tie to a college class
or when I'm just hanging out on campus?
That's from Suitless in Seattle.
No, no, of course not.
No, Minkus, go right for it.
Can we go one episode with that?
You know, whenever I tell my significant other, Sidney,
to not wear something as formal,
it's usually because I don't want to-
Change out of your fat mama t-shirt?
Yeah, I don't want to match her game.
So maybe your girlfriend is just worried about having to step up her thing.
It is also possible that you and your friends are going to go ironically to Chuck E. Cheese,
and she does not want you to wear your suit there.
Well, I mean, that's a pretty extreme example.
I can think of like a hundred other ones,
a hundred other ones, including one that you mentioned in the email,
which is going to class.
No, unless you're in fucking forensics, no.
And even then, unless it's a debate day.
And listen, here's the thing.
You got to take a long, hard, cold look at yourself in the mirror.
Turn the AC way, way, way down.
Are you rocking that suit?
Everybody thinks they rock their own suits, right?
Yep.
But are you?
Everybody says, you know, you look really good in a suit.
Well, yeah, they're suits.
Yeah, they're suits.
That's what they're there for.
That's what they're there for.
They hide all the bad things.
They hide all the secrets.
But here's the thing.
If you wear the same thing every day, if you wear a suit every day, it will wear off.
Sure.
Like, I look really good in my plate mail armor that I own.
Yeah.
It's because it hides all of my secret dumps and bumps.
See, you got to be careful because you can fall into like a Jesse Thorne scenario.
And the situation I feel like he set up for himself is that
he would wear a suit for a day-to-day function.
And then if I see him at something more formal where I'm wearing a suit,
I expect him to be in a tuxedo with a monocle riding a horse.
In full-blown, like, military dress.
If I am in full-blown military dress, I expect to see him in a diving bell.
Wait, what?
Why is he in that?
The next step up.
It's the most formal thing you can be in.
I mean, this is a diving bell.
I expect him to show up in like one of those suits that they wear in Tron.
And he's like, this is what's above it.
You didn't know because you've never been,
you've never seen anything like this before.
But this Tron is above military dress.
Well, the invitation said Tron formal.
Yeah.
That's actually pronounced semi.
And I think you're illiterate.
It's my other worry.
The flip side of that coin, though,
is that I think if I have a picnic
and Jesse Thorne comes to it wearing cargo shorts,
then the entire park will burn down.
Right.
The universe can't handle that.
If you become suit guy, that's fine.
You know, we have a dude who was on ICOE with me.
He is, like, every day a dress shirt and tie dude.
You know what I mean?
And he rocks it and he wears it.
But there's a huge, there's a huge,
a gargantuan difference between just shirt and tie and suit.
And he can also rock a vest.
Important to note.
You're stepping, I mean, he's stepping closer to the line there.
But every so often, like, one day a month,
like, he'll roll up in, like, T-shirt and jeans
and, like, everybody comments.
Everybody's like, oh, just T-shirt and jeans today?
What's up?
And it's like, he's like, no, just wore T-shirt and jeans.
But I feel like it's the same
as if you wear T-shirt and jeans every day
and then just roll up to class in, like, a suit.
It's like if you're Hannah Montana for 20 years
and then you torque.
It's the same, exactly.
Wow, but you're, but, you know, I even know.
Sometimes Dubin comes into the office twerking.
I was like, hey, why are you twerking today?
I even draw a clearer delineation between school and work.
I feel like no matter what your job is,
if you wear, I mean, with most circumstances,
if you wear a suit, it's pretty much just like a power play
that says, I'm in a suit.
Why aren't you in a suit?
This is what we, this is what adults wear to work.
Why don't you wear it?
Well, because Arby's makes you wear a very specific uniform.
Yeah, but if you wear a suit to Arby's,
you're manager by the end of the week.
Oh yeah.
Period.
I don't think that's how that, I don't think I,
if I go to-
Period the end, I said.
If I go to Arby's and the cashier is wearing a full-blown suit,
I'm gonna be like, thank you for the roast beef,
but do you work here?
Let me throw this out.
Went to Home Depot, the cashier checked me out,
was wearing cargo shorts and a polo shirt,
and wait for it, a tie with his polo shirt.
I am into this look.
And a cabby hat.
Oh my God.
Wait, what's a cabby hat?
A cabby hat, like a newsboy hat.
And a flat cap.
And then like some like bug-eye shaped glasses
that were purely for decoration.
Okay, was it fucking Puck from the real world?
Did he wait on you at the Home Depot?
I am 19 years old, and I'm a long time listener of the show.
I enjoy smoking a pipe or cigar from time to time,
but many of my friends think it's odd for someone my age.
Even some clerks of the stores I purchase these products from
act like it's weird for me to buy them.
Is it strange that I enjoy these things?
That's from Junius V.
I don't think anyone actually enjoys a cigar.
Yeah, I mean, I sure don't.
I think a cigar is like a commitment that you make.
Don't make, Travis, please.
We've been on the internet for three years.
Have you not learned that if you make a blanket statement
on that, you're basically saying,
hey, email me about your cigar life.
Well, I don't think, like, what's the most expensive cigar
that anyone on this podcast has smoked?
Because I guarantee my like finest experience
costs maybe like $3 at a gas station.
I've had me a $20 cigar.
I've had me a $20 cigar.
Wow.
Yeah, it was at a wedding.
And it tasted exactly like a $1 cigar.
I think it's probably like whiskey or brandy, right?
Like you can't really appreciate.
Maybe, but a cigar is just such a commitment
or like this is what I'm doing for the next three hours
or I'm gonna like stub it out or cut it off
or do lots of weird shit.
When someone hands you a cigar and they're like,
smoke with me for the next three hours,
it'll be stinkier than a billion cigarettes.
Your mouth will taste like you ate
a bunch of wet cigarette butt.
That is a good point.
If someone asks you to go smoke a cigar with them,
they might as well be asking me to go on vacation.
Like it's the same, I see it as the same,
oh, we're gonna talk for three hours?
Sounds good, sounds good.
If I were on a yacht and that was like all I was doing
for three hours, yes, I would probably have a cigar,
but not like middle of a nice party
where I'm hanging out with friends
and somebody like, hey, do you wanna ignore everyone
for like two and a half, three hours?
Hey, you're never gonna wear that shirt again, right?
Okay, so to actually answer your question
rather than us just passing judgment on cigar smokers,
a pipe is similar.
A pipe could take you 30 minutes to an hour
to smoke through a whole.
Pipe don't stink like shit though.
Yeah, everybody loves a pipe.
Okay, but let's not, I really, I don't care about this
but I really, really don't wanna get emails about cigars.
Like I really don't.
You don't even read the emails, I'll deal with it.
I'll take this heat.
The only way I have of educating myself
about anything anymore is by saying mean shit
about it on the internet and then I get very mean
but very educational emails on the matter.
That's how I learned about furries,
that's how I learned about farmers.
That's how I learned about jugglers.
I like, I used to like a pipe.
It's hard for me to wholeheartedly recommend
any of this stuff now because there's kids.
I mean, I can't do it.
But here, I can tell you right now,
I can pinpoint why it seems weird
and I don't think it's because you're 19.
I think it's because both of those things,
a pipe and a cigar are so indicative
of like a leisurely lifestyle of like,
I'm a man who sits in my lounge and smokes a pipe
while I read a thick book.
Okay, so Travis, you're saying that a pipe
or a cigar is like a victory lap for life.
I am.
And if you're younger, it's like,
why aren't you out there on the hustle?
Why aren't you on your game?
I think it's just like we see a kid smoking a pipe
and we're like, you haven't earned that.
Yeah.
You don't get to just do that.
Well, I think a part of that,
and I'm not saying that this is the case
for our dear beloved listener,
but I think that these two things fall into the long list
of things that like super grown ass adults do
that in college kind of plays like an affectation.
And I'm not saying that that's the case,
but I like, I don't know, for 19,
I didn't know any 19 year olds that smoke cigars and pipes,
but I did know a lot of 22 year olds who did it.
But if you were like the kid
who only drinks fine brandy at parties,
it's like, yeah, at 19, that's incredibly douchey
and at like 59, it's incredibly classy
without with very little difference.
You gotta earn that shit.
You gotta have some kids.
You gotta lose some wives.
You know what I mean?
You gotta see like the nitty gritty shit of the world.
You know what I mean?
You gotta be crushed down and build yourself back up
or just stop doing it in front of people.
Just keep it like a secret.
Yeah, that is a thing.
Also, I think with pipes and cigars is that
it's such a production that if you're doing it around people,
you're really saying like, hey, check this out.
Check this out, especially a pipe.
Oh God, it's like you're making a Subway sandwich
because you gotta get the pipe out.
You gotta clean it with a pipe cleaner
that you keep in a separate bag
and then you gotta get your tobacco out
and then you gotta make everyone smell
like it smells so good.
And then you gotta stuff it in with the ramrod
and then you gotta light it, which takes forever.
And then you gotta drizzle mustard on top of the tobacco.
When I used to smoke a pipe, I did know,
I felt like it was an affectation,
but the thing about it is,
if you do an affectation for long enough,
it's just your thing.
You have to do it until someone else tries to do it
and then it's their affectation.
Like, they're the low man on the smoking totem pole.
And listen, smoking a pipe is awesome.
Yeah, it's great.
Don't get one of those fucking Lord of the Rings
long ass Tolkien pipes.
Don't do a Sherlock either.
Don't do a Sherlock, just get a basic ass-
How long did I do a Sherlock?
Griffin got me this beautiful pear wood pipe
that I still enjoy from time to time.
That was for display only.
You're smoking that?
Oh God.
That was soaked in resin.
Bong resin.
I used it as a bong for four years.
Bong resin.
Oh, just smoke a bong.
Just smoke a bunch of weed.
What are you doing?
That's why all the adults judge you
because they're sitting there going,
do you know why I smoke this pipe?
Because I can't smoke weed anymore.
What are you doing?
Actually, you know what?
That's a great point.
When you're an adult, you'll be able to buy cigars.
Once you get to be my age,
you don't know where weed is anymore.
When you are handed the diploma by the dean,
the dean says hand over all your doobers.
Hand over your final doobers.
Should have smoked these last night, chief.
Oh, you fucked up bad.
Nobody's ever been to a party-
Enjoy your shitty cigars that do nothing for you
except give you dry mouth the next day.
When you're at a party
and you stand next to somebody smoking a cigar,
you think, oh man, they're going to be doing that for a while.
We better move.
And if you see them smoking weed, you think,
oh man, it would be cool if you offered that.
If you said, hey-
If you pass that on the left-hand side.
I wish that that man was standing closer to me
so I might absorb some of his magic.
Hey Travis, who's this message for?
It's for Lance Taylor.
Hey Griffin, who's this message from?
It's from Brett, Shelby, Jordan, and Alyssa.
Hey Justin, what is the message?
Wishing our cousin Lance a belated happy birthday.
He never ceases to live like he's dying,
which is a mentality that's easy to achieve
once you turn 30, then new 40.
Also with introducing us and others to MBMBAM,
he enjoys video games, music, and hanging out with his family.
We love you and hope you are alive to celebrate next year.
That's grim.
That's a little grim.
The first time I read through it,
I thought it said he never ceases to be dying.
Yeah, well, but that's true too, right?
It's very depressing for a moment.
It's very true though, right?
It's true though.
Here's a haunting reminder of your ephemeral existence.
I like upscaling that 30 to 40 thing
because since I turned 26,
I'm pretty convinced that 26 is the new 75.
It's strange though because it's not a sliding scale
because 27 is the new 82, but then 28 is the new 46.
Yeah, you get downgraded.
But yeah, oh God, guys, I'm falling apart.
I think I have just entire bones missing.
I think I'm just missing entire bones.
The tooth fairy actually gets greedy as you get older.
She comes for your bones.
She leaves your teeth though, which is nice.
Hey, do you like TV, you guys?
I guess.
I mean, I like watching.
That's a medium, you know?
I like shows.
We have been paid to tell you about a product
that we're pretty sure everybody in the world already has.
Hulu Plus, of course, you know,
it lets you watch thousands of hit shows wherever you want.
You can stream it on your TV
or like your smartphone or your tablet
and you can binge watch shows.
Or all three at the same time.
All three.
If you need constant entertainment like I do.
Talks about binge watching your favorite shows
like SNL, Community, Modern Family, shows like that.
Like you could get through a whole season
of Community in like an hour
if you just stream them from four devices
that you simultaneously.
Yeah, surround yourself like in Swordfish.
Oh, just watch, do they have Swordfish on Hulu Plus?
Probably.
Can you get Swordfish?
I'm almost certain they have Cabin Boy,
but I don't think it's the same thing.
It's only $79 a day.
What are you doing?
It is $7.99 a month.
$7.99 for all the shows and movies you can watch.
It's super cheap for infinite television.
You can binge on old classics.
You can watch movies.
They got movies.
It's great, but like they came to us
and they're like, here's three free codes to do Hulu Plus.
And it's like, thanks, but we all literally already have it
because everybody has Hulu.
They're like, here's three social security cards.
Like we have those.
We don't need those.
But on the off chance that you don't,
go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother
and prove that this is apparently a thing
that people don't have.
And you can get two free weeks
by going to HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
And yeah, and if you don't use it,
it's great because Hulu Plus is awesome.
And it also makes us look like super cool dudes.
Who deserve more Hulu money,
even though everybody already has it.
Let him keep flushing this money down the toilet.
Down the toilet of our wallet.
Hey, hey, have you been looking to integrate
the toilet into your lovemaking?
Boy, if I got a place for you to go,
it's called extremistraints.com.
Tell me more about this website, Justin.
Again, it's like Hulu fucking Plus.
It's like, doesn't everybody already have every dildo?
Every, every faux gaper.
Don't they have all that shit already?
Don't they already have all the sex furniture?
They could, let me tell you about the door.
Oh man, the doggy style locking spreader is great
because sometimes when I'm about to get my butthole blasted,
I'll flake out late in the game.
Like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Or you have to sneeze and it's like, oh no.
Great, now my kidney's on the ground.
But the great thing about the doggy style spreading locker
is for, or sorry, the doggy style locking spreader,
it's just $188.
There's probably one of those too, a spreading locker.
For just $188, you can buy one of these
and you can cuff your hands and your ankles together
and let someone just go to town.
Yeah, we'll see if this multimedia
that I'm trying to incorporate in the show works.
But I just texted both of you a picture
that I took of a vending machine in a German bathroom.
And let's just wait until it gets there
and then we can fold it into the experience of the show.
Oh, there we go.
This is a product that is sold in this German vending machine.
I did not purchase it because it was three euro
and I had already exchanged.
It's a product called Travel Pussy.
Is that people who need a neck pillow all the time
anytime they're on a flight?
I think the Travel Pussy, yeah,
it's someone who's actually afraid of going through security.
Hold my hand, we're taking off.
Oh, just, oh, come on.
What is Travel Pussy?
This is, I did not buy this product,
but people I know did.
This sounds like somebody, a friend of mine.
I didn't, but a friend, no.
It's a guy named Miffin Grackleroy.
Apparently it's just a, and I don't wanna get coarse
and I don't wanna get blue,
because it's not that kind of show,
but apparently it's just a plastic bag with some lube.
And if that's like true love waits,
and like obviously I believe in that and I'm waiting,
but if it's just a wet garbage bag,
like I'm just gonna go hang myself.
Like if that's what I've been waiting for
and that's what I've been looking forward to, I'm dead.
Griffin, important, important question.
What else was in the vending machine?
Oh, I mean, I can text you another pick.
Well, because if you could get a Travel Pussy LMRs bar,
I'm gonna be really excited.
This is gonna cover me for the whole trip.
But you don't want this,
you don't want that kind of low grade shit.
You want the good stuff on ExtremeRestraints.com.
Stuff that'll bend your penis into the shape of a snake
for $50, but not $50 because that's the price.
To be fair, most penises are already in the shape of a snake.
Like a cobra about to strike them.
Okay. Smart Alec.
You can get one for 20% off
using the coupon code Sexabunga.
That's coupon code Sexabunga.
Go fuck different at ExtremeRestraints.com.
Go fuck yourself.
Go fuck yourself, ExtremeRestraints.com.
That is not their slogan.
No. Coupon code Sexabunga.
Hi everybody, I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy.
You told me to say it that way.
We have a medical history show called Sawbones right here on Maximum Fun
where we talk about all the dumb, hurtful,
damaging ways that we've tried to fix people over the years.
Have you ever tried to put mercury on a syphilis shanker?
Or maybe you tried to drill a hole in your head
because you heard it would reduce your blood-brain volume?
That was dumb.
But if you want to know exactly why
and know about all the other people that try to do the same dumb thing you did,
you can listen to our show every Friday right here on MaximumFun.org.
Let's move on.
Griffin, how about another Yahi?
You got one of those lying around?
You're not going to do Farm Wisdom?
Farm Wisdom!
Farm Wisdom.
Call your Uncle Jake Farm Wisdom.
That one.
It's not my best.
It's not his name.
What?
What are you talking about?
Our uncles, we don't have an Uncle Jake.
I was going to rhyme it with something
I ran out of syllables.
I thought you said Uncle Drake, like the performer.
My Uncle Drake?
He played Jimmy on Degrassi?
Why don't you read it, Travis?
To trap slugs, bury a dish to ground level and fill with beer.
Slugs crawl in and drown in beer.
Also, apparently slugs prefer dark beer.
And that is from Laura.
And she says, PS, I am an actual farmer.
That's handy.
But you're also going to get a lot of high schoolers.
Just drink up.
Another one drowning here, Margaret.
Boy, you know how desperate you have to be
to impress your friends to say,
I know there's a farm we can drive out to
where we can squirt some brew
that may have the occasional 80 slugs in it.
How much you ask?
About half a bowl's worth.
Depends on how much the slugs get.
Who wants to kick back a bowl of suds and slugs?
Slugs and slugs.
What?
Suds and slugs.
I said I knew where beer was.
That's what I said.
Really, it's your fault for not asking any follow up questions.
Right.
You should, when I said, hey, I know where beer is,
you should have said, hey, Jeff, quick follow up.
Is there slugs?
Is there slugs, too?
You could be the worst cool older brother ever.
Mark that on this map and I'll sell it to you for $15.
No problem.
I could screw you guys some brew.
Well, I'm where the map told me to be.
But all I see is sort of brown drunk slugs.
Oh, you didn't tell me your position on slugs.
Wasn't aware.
Wasn't aware, Steve.
Sorry, guys.
You're squeamish.
Got a date with a prom queen.
Gotta go, your older brother.
This next one is applicable because I do have an ant problem.
If ants start invading your home,
lay down or sprinkle cinnamon wherever you think the ants are coming from.
Ants hate cinnamon.
It's environmentally safe, so it also works in gardens.
That's from our buddy, Asumen Mariko.
I want to say I'm really glad that he gave us the option
so we can either sprinkle it or just lay it down.
Get cozy.
I'll put you right here.
You're gonna be okay.
Hey, Simminen.
Hey, Simminen.
Hey, Simminen, baby.
Just lay down.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yahoo.
This Yahoo was sent in by Richard Chachere or Chachere.
Thank you.
Are you Richard Chachere?
He is.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
Did you need-
No, okay.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jenny who asks,
why is a big chest or doing it on a bed not called a fetish,
but toilet time love is called a fetish?
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
A lot of textbook terms in there.
What if everyone around me also likes toilet time love?
On some websites, does that mean they're normal?
And people who need big chests or being kissed
are like weird because they're different.
Does she mean big chests like bosoms
or like doing it inside of a large trunk?
Get inside of this treasure chest.
You are my treasure and I'm going to fuck you.
Avast.
Avast.
Ahoy.
Yarr.
I hate when a Yahoo Answer question is like a good-
It's a good fucking, right?
It's a good fucking point, Yahoo Answers.
How come everybody kisses and that's fine,
but I want to have toilet time fun
and whatever that may be, I'm not sure yet.
Travis, it's not toilet time fun, okay?
This is love.
It's toilet time party fiesta in the house.
Travis, do you make fun to your fiance?
Pardon?
Do you make-
We listen to fun.
Do you make fun to your fiance?
Fun dip?
What did you say?
I make fun with her.
I would call what we do making fun.
What happened, folks?
It took us 160 some episodes.
The show is too weird for me to listen to.
Good night, everybody.
That's great, because in that statement,
I think I alienated both my brothers and my fiance.
Yeah, well done.
Yeah, it's a record.
I apologize.
That question was the fucking Kobayashi Maru.
I apologize.
There's no winning there.
I feel like a fetish is the equivalent of being into an indie band.
Like, if everybody likes it,
then it doesn't feel like a fetish anymore.
It's just sort of a common thing.
If fetish feels special to you, it's like,
oh, this is my special thing.
The thing, isn't it, that indie bands,
the fucking Vampire Weekend was super indie,
and then they got a Grammy, didn't they?
Arcade Fire used to be indiest of the indie,
and then they got a Grammy.
What I'm saying is that-
Anal Sex used to be a fetish,
and then it was on the VMAs.
And then it was on the VMAs.
But are we, in like a few years,
just gonna be pooping on each other and that's it?
And then that's just the thing?
That's the new-
Missionary was probably a fetish at some point.
Listen, I'm gonna throw this out, though.
What if it's not that it becomes more prevalent,
but that it becomes simply more accepted?
That there's not an increase in the performing of the act,
but rather illumination brought to the performing of the act?
What the fuck are you talking about?
That everyone's always been pooping on each other.
We've just been afraid to talk about it, people.
I guess in the fucking atomic sense, yes.
When you break it down to the subatomic level, yes.
I don't think most fetishes can hold this kind of atomic scrutiny.
Hey guys, my wife and I finally found out
she's pregnant with our first child,
and we're waiting to tell my mom face to face
when we see her on Labor Day weekend.
I hope she doesn't listen.
I was wondering if you three have any tips
for the grand reveal of a grandkid.
That's from Inducing in Indianapolis.
Oh, this is a good one.
We've never gotten one of these before.
No, we've gotten a lot, a lot of proposal things.
Also a lot of how do I sleep with my best friend's girlfriend.
Did we really?
Yeah, we get a lot of those.
I filtered those out because I don't want to hurt your delicate ears.
But you just like created this-
Oh no.
This sense of terror in my mind
that like 90% of the people that listen to our show are adulterers.
Yeah, would be.
We stop them because we do not help them.
Like they're fucking waiting on our, waiting on your go guys.
I've had my eye on Susan for a wicked long time.
Wait, still waiting on the go ahead.
If you were planning on having your mother-in-law listen to this,
or your mom listen to this,
I'm sorry that we put that part in there
as like, if you're going to use this as your grand reveal.
You are such an egotist.
You really think they're going to be like,
we just know that they're going to do it for us.
So let's just plug these earbuds into grandma's ears.
We could just record a whole episode where it's just like,
you're fired and a bunch of like news
that you want to get people through our podcast.
That would be great.
Maybe like we could record people's answering machine messages.
We're like the new Carl Castle.
People have said that about us.
Okay, you guys, that's not just me.
I think the best way to tell her is to spend the whole party
convincing your family that she's not drinking
because of her alcohol problem.
And then at the end be like, no, just kidding.
She's, she's preggers.
And everyone will be like twice as happy.
Or check this out, check this out.
You turn all the lights off in the room
and you gather everybody around
and then you shine a flashlight on her back
and then it'll show up on the wall.
It's like the bat signal.
It's a lot like the bat signal, but it's a baby signal.
Oh, just say like everybody who's pregnant
take one step forward and then she'll step forward.
And we're like, oh, okay.
That's pretty good.
Yeah, that's a pressure situation
because then what if someone else steps forward too?
Then your fucking announcement is worth.
What if everyone steps forward?
We're all pregnant.
Except you, Dave.
Ah, damn it.
Ah, damn it.
Listen, Rod, thanks for coming into my office.
This script you turned in for the new episode,
The Twilight Zone.
I don't think that this is gonna work.
What do you mean?
We've all been pregnant for years.
We've all been pregnant for years.
The title of your new Twilight Zone episode
is neither spooky nor sensical.
It does not meet any of the basic criteria
of being logically sound
or in any way spooky for The Twilight Zone.
But thank you for trying, Rod.
Don't worry, we're gonna save it in a vault
until Star Trek Next Generation
and then they'll make the episode.
You could write like a nice card.
Skywriting.
Can you just deliver the baby?
That'd be a nice surprise.
It's like when Sega announced the Sega Saturn.
They're like, by the way, it's already out.
You could do the same thing,
but the baby would be the Sega Saturn.
Or just bring everyone to Sega Saturn.
That would work too.
What if you just rolled up with a baby in your arms
and be like, what?
And be like, here's a preview.
Then you drop the baby.
One of these is gonna come out of her super soon.
Can you believe that?
Man, woman's bodies are a miracle.
Am I right, you guys?
Mom, be honest with me.
Does Melanie look chunky?
Here's the thing.
I don't have kids.
Fingers crossed, one day.
But like, to me, if my child came to me
and said, my wife is pregnant,
what I'm going to hear is,
I've had sex with this person at least one time.
And that would be disquieting.
Why don't you just keep it to yourself
and then the baby will come
and they'll be so happy about the actual arrival of the baby
that they won't be disquieted by your obvious coitus?
Well, you're like rubbing your sexual exploits
in your mom's face at that point,
which seems pretty rude.
Yeah, make your wife show up in a t-shirt that says,
conquered, because that's all you're saying with your baby
is like, I put my flag in this mountain.
Maybe like a really great mixtape.
Something with baby in the title.
Are there any songs with baby in the title?
At least there's a Justin Bieber song
with enough uses of the word baby
to just make up for all the other tracks on the album.
Oh, shit, flash mob.
Flash mob.
Everybody seems like the baby from Alan McBeal.
Travis, I'm trying to meme flash mob.
Can you just lean in here with me?
Yeah.
Flash mob.
Flash mob.
Because you tell him, that's how you tell him.
Soldier boy tell him, can you get soldier boy?
That'd be the best courier service.
Soldier boy tell him.
Soldier boy tell him that this is a summons
to appear in court.
Soldier boy tell him we all think he has a problem
and needs to cut back.
Soldier boy, we do wish that you would stop just sticking
the notices on people's backs.
I know, yes, you're Superman-ing that ho,
but it is inappropriate.
Soldier boy, I have a very dark secret to tell you
and I need you, can I count on you
to keep this message in the absolute confidence?
Don't tell him.
Don't, soldier boy.
Promise me.
Soldier boy.
I cheated on Margaret, soldier boy, you can't tell him.
To your grave, soldier boy.
To your fucking grave.
I gotta tell him.
Soldier boy, you can't.
I blame myself.
Robocop, you can't, soldier boy, I need you to be quiet.
Margaret is in the other room.
Why are you guys talking about robocop?
Soldier boy, don't you fuck me.
Soldier boy, don't you fuck me.
You promised me.
Say the words.
Say the words, you promised not to tell him.
I hope he listens.
I hope so too, for so many reasons.
You want another yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
It's about soldier boy,
because that's all I'm thinking about for the rest of the show.
You!
This yahoo is sitting in also beverage.
Just eat a ghost.
Yahoo is also standing by Richard Chachere.
Thank you, Richard.
It's by yahoo answers user Ari, who asks,
can you get a DUI on a pair of Heelys?
I've heard you can get a DUI on anything but your feet.
Example, boat, bike, skateboard, rollerblades, et cetera.
However, with Heelys, you're technically on your feet,
but also on wheels.
What is the true legal consequence of healing
under the influence?
Can you get a DUI on inline skates?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it's a state by state thing,
but I think any mode of transportation will get you busted.
I am deeply impressed by that,
because I have worn rollerblades in my life,
and I know what a difficult process it is
to get them on your feet and then you stand up once more.
You're gonna need stability.
When me and Clint Wilson,
we didn't have two pairs of rollerblades
between us, we just had one,
so we would do a pretty cool way
of getting our tooling around town
where we would both wear one shoe and one rollerblade
and just kind of push ourselves on it
like a shitty skateboard.
That was a really cool look.
Man, we got a lot of nucky.
In West Virginia, Charleston guy got a DUI driving a tractor.
Well, that's like if he fucking hits anybody in a tractor
going any speed, that person's dead.
He was driving on a highway from reserves at night.
Well, that's, yes, I've been clearly,
that's not for sure.
Do you know what a cool night you have to have
if you're like, you know what I'm gonna do?
God, let's fire up that.
Why do I only tractor sober?
I'm gonna get some tractoring done.
I did all the fucking corn.
What if I just kept doing it?
What if I just kept going?
I'm gonna tractor this whole nation of ours.
You know what?
It's 2013 and my resolution was to stop limiting myself.
I'm gonna tractor everything.
I'm the modern day
and also feloniously drunk Johnny Appleseed.
But like the reverse Johnny Appleseed.
But the reverse.
Pairing stuff up.
I'm just like running into buildings.
I'm like a weird Johnny Appleseed Billy Joel hybrid.
Johnny Billyseed.
I'm Johnny Billyseed.
This is a cool house.
Now you're part of a great American legend.
I destroyed your dining room
but your front yard's good to go
if you want to play on any corn or wheat or soybeans.
This is actually a wonderful way to get your
if you fuck up like super bad
the only recourse you have is to continue fucking up
so bad that you make that person part of an American legend.
If you drag a giant ax through someone's house
they're pissed.
If you drive it through a hundred houses
they're celebrities.
Right, right.
You think that the fucking people
Billy Joel crashes his sedan into somebody's foyer
and obviously they're they're woken up.
They're startled and they go downstairs
and Billy Joel steps out like I fucked up.
I fucked up.
They're like Billy it's okay.
Hey Billy I'm gonna tell this story forever Billy.
We're gonna be at a bar and piano man will come on.
I could I could fuck anybody at that bar at that point.
I can show you Billy Joel's car hole.
I'm never fixing this shit.
Come back to my place I can show you his car hole.
I want to meet the guy who
fucking steps out of his outside of the bar
like thanks guys I had a fun night.
Whee!
And Heely's away.
Heely's into the moon set.
I would have to be drunk to wear Heely's
to think I could pull that off actually.
How do you how do you convince the cops
you weren't wearing Heely's?
Can you tell them like nah it's just ice.
Nah they're just shoes.
I'm wearing shoes.
Can you walk the straight line?
No I cannot.
I was doing a perpetual Michael Jackson dance.
I'm the greatest dancer.
I'm pretty much the greatest dancer.
Sir we could hear you wheeing all the way down the street.
We know that you were wearing Heely's.
I don't.
I was parkouring.
Yeah that's a DUI too.
You can't parkour.
You can't.
What if you flip into traffic?
What if you stunt like through an elementary school window?
I have a problem with someone planning their weekend this thoroughly.
I have a problem with so well.
I'm gonna be wearing the Heely's for an earlier activity.
Do I need to go home and change?
I'm gonna get drunk.
Here's the order of operations.
I'm going to the skate park with my Heely's.
I just assumed that that's where you stunt.
I'm gonna drink.
Do I need to work a home visit in there somewhere?
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
We hope you had a lot of fun listening to it.
Want to say a quick thank you to people who've mailed us stuff through snail mail.
Our address is P.O. Box 54 Huntington, West Virginia 25706.
Thank you to Julie Van Wye and Ian Van Wye.
They sent us some pretzels that they baked themselves and sent along pictures.
That's awesome.
Oh I ate them with Sydney and they were so good.
We got back from vacation.
Did you eat all of them?
It was the only thing in the house and we ate them all.
You ate all of them?
Just send us some more around the holidays so I can share.
We got some beautiful yolo earrings with some one-up mushrooms on them.
A postcard from what appears to be Dean Snodgrass that just says hey.
We got an email from Jeanette.
He's gonna fucking kill all three of us.
I know.
We got an email.
We got a postcard from Maria that has a lenticular picture of Dawson City.
That's beautiful.
Our uncle Travelin' Matt sent us one from the Phoenix Art Museum.
We got a postcard from another one from uncle Travelin' Matt from Colorado.
He's on tour.
A baby announcement.
This is actually really good.
We got a baby announcement from Joshua and Danielle that says we're thrilled to announce
having a baby.
Baby Cygnus expected due date is November 12th.
Stay tuned for more information.
And then here they have just handwritten mission accomplished.
Pretty great.
That's really got another great postcard from Stephanie and a lovely note from Ty Nielsen
and so much more from her.
A copy of Space Jam I think from Tyne.
On DVD?
I don't know.
Ty Nielsen.
Man, I love him.
Is it out on Blu-Ray yet?
It is a four pack in this box that includes Looney Tunes the movies, Looney Tunes Back
in Action the movie, Space Jam, Osmosis Jones.
That's a fucking great movie.
And then what I can only assume is they just had this lying around and they wanted to toss
it in.
I want to see if you guys can see.
I want to throw it up on my cam so you guys can see there.
It's just called Funky Monkey and it's a picture of a monkey wearing headphones giving
like a sort of like a DJ Tiesto fist bump.
I think whenever they started putting this four pack together the people were like let's
do a four pack because they were drunk.
Let's do a four pack of movies with Bill Murray and cartoons and they were like there's
only two of those like ah fuck it.
What else we got?
Funky Monkey?
Sure, I guess.
We got a lot of these leftover Funky Monkey DVDs from the MVP.
Can we splice Bill Murray and also cartoons into that?
I also want to say thank you again to Hulu Plus where you can binge on thousands of hit
shows.
They're supporters of the show.
It's a great deal.
Go check it out.
Go to huluplus.com and just forward slash my brother for the extended free trial.
Don't you slash me.
Slash my brother.
I want to throw out a special thanks to Allison Greenberg.
She sent us an email with 50 yahoo answers in them.
I didn't get time to do any of them on the show but I appreciate it must have taken like
a week of preparation so thank you.
I also want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
Is a Departure off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find it on iTunes.
You can probably find it on Spotify.
I'm not sure how much of a kickback he gets.
I know that it's tricky with streaming, media rights.
I know that Metallica has raised quite a stink about that very issue and so if by bringing
up Spotify I've injured John Roderick's prospects I apologize.
And on that grim note we're going to end this episode with a final question from
young Griffin McElroy.
This yahoo answer was sent in by Steven Isaacson.
Thank you Steven.
It's by yahoo answer user Cooper who asks.
Is it true if you take a cop's badge that they're not a cop anymore and you're the cop?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square in the lips.
