The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
and Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I am your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, and I'm Griffin McElroy.
I think it's time to lose it. It's starting to feel a little like,
yo, I was a quarterback in high school, now I work at this used car lot.
It's kind of feeling embarrassing. It's kind of feeling played and
embarrassing and tired. Almost like nobody ever cared about it.
It's almost one of those things where it's made it worse retroactively.
Yeah. I can't listen to any of the episodes
before 448 because Griffin calls himself a baby.
And it's like, if that's your kink, good. Now see, Justin, I think Griffin was just
talking about the 30 under 30 media luminary, not like his whole identity on the show.
Let me try again. Let's do the whole intro again,
and I'll try to do a good one. Should we all have different sort of
energies, different ablations? Okay.
Hey, what's up? Yeah, a bold new direction for the Justin
character. He's a bit of a bad boy.
He sits backwards on Travis. No, I'm not going to do any of my own
played tired shit. Okay.
So who are you? Okay.
Let me start. Oh, hey, it's Justin here.
McElroy, that is. I'm one of three brothers that are bringing
to you a new show, a new energy for an old show called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
And I'm Justin McElroy in this neck of the woods.
I'm king of the pirates, Travis McElroy. Hey, I'm Griffin.
My friends call me Zit and Forbes gave me an award one time.
Shit. Now, what is the what is the shit?
Is it in reference to the fact that your friends call you Zit or you still brought up the Forbes
thing? The Forbes thing, the Zit thing, I don't
mind because, you know, my friends love saying that about me because of how nasty I am and
how I don't give a shoot about hygiene. I just want to be on my board and ride
either the concrete or the sweet blue ocean. And so like I'm the nasty one of our skate
crew, so they call me Zit. I don't mind that.
But then I am embarrassed about the Forbes award.
Can I be honest with you guys? I'm not really a pirate king.
Yeah, no, we knew that much. Yeah, that was just a thing that I said
to try to impress you guys. Your intro is going to be that.
No, uh huh. I was just going to thank Toronto.
Is that Paul Stanley? Yeah, that's Paul Stanley.
I got my Paul Stanley board back. I'm building it, rebuilding it.
Peace be on. It fell down that big escalator and Justin's
got all the parts. He's got all the widgets and screws.
I've actually got, I got this sound board and I was trying to hook it up when you guys
started your podcast and the problem, here's the good things and bad things about it.
One. Toronto!
Yes. Okay, the bad thing is I don't know what
any of the other buttons do. Oh, cool.
And I can't hear them. So I was wondering if you guys could kind
of describe to me and that would help me to sort of figure out what each of these buttons
are mapped to. I know they're mapped to something.
There's pre-programmed stuff in the here, this here roadcaster.
I like that because I feel like we can, we can kind of meld these two things together
where we're trying to find our new identities. Sure.
Maybe Justin, you could be like the tech bro, you know, and you do machines.
Okay, so you guys just tell me what some of these do.
Like, okay, so this is the orange button. Oh, that's a laugh track right there.
That one's laughter. We're going to get a lot of use out of that one.
Old timey laughter at like a movie theater from the 50s.
Okay. Going on for a really long time.
It's still going. It's going on for a while.
Oh man, I'm pushing it to stop it. No, you're just starting it.
You're actually starting it over again. Now I'm starting to feel mocked.
Okay. What's this one?
Oh, that's sad trombone. Like you just tripped and your wiener fell out.
Yeah. Okay, great.
Now what do we got here? Oh, that was a rim shot.
Well, this one's Laura Linney saying welcome to my brother, my brother and me.
Yeah. So we need to play that one at the beginning of each show.
Hey Justin, these are the lowest quality audio files I've ever heard in my entire fucking life.
Nope. That one's decent.
That was good timing.
There's one of people clapping and cheering that sounds like it is maybe four kilobytes total
in size. Like it would hear a midi file and be like, I wish.
Yeah. It makes me think that about the sound of it.
We should do our show. This is, I think so far, un-listenable.
No, it's been very good. I'm very excited about this new direction.
There was a whole thing about Griffin being Zit and Justin being the tech bro.
Yes.
And I think we'll find mine and Griffin's archetypes throughout
the course of this episode and this episode alone.
You guys got why I was called Zit, right? Because I'm a slimy fuck?
Yeah, because you're a real dirty boy, but not in like a fun sexy way.
Like in a, you maybe haven't bathed.
Nasty friendly way. Okay. Let's do a question maybe.
It snowed a silly amount here in the last few days
as I was shoveling my driveway, my next door neighbor, who's a very nice guy,
but someone I don't know terribly well, offered to lend me his snow blower.
I declined his generous offer. Generous? No, generous. Okay.
His Ellen DeGeneres offer.
His Regenerest offer.
His Regenerest offer because I just generally feel uncomfortable taking help from people.
Yes.
About an hour later, as I was wrapping up the task, the neighbor, a few houses down,
wheeled over his snow blower and suggested I take it to finish the task.
Since he had already brought it over to me, I could hardly refuse the generosity.
This left me with having to do the end of my driveway and the side of the snow blower,
all of which is very visible to the next door neighbor's living room window.
How do I nonchalantly explain my snow blower snubbed the next door neighbor?
That's from, sorry, I'd prefer not to be blown in West Des Moines.
So just to be clear, that didn't track.
Next door neighbor offered snow blower, question and answer said no.
And then a different neighbor just went ahead and wheeled one over.
Yeah.
So question asker used that one.
I mean, you have several outs here.
One, you could say, you know, an hour of manual
shoveling is enough to change a man's mind about so many things.
Yeah, I started doing it and I hated it.
Yeah.
I also think you could just say like, well, yours was just words, Frank.
Yeah.
What was I going to do?
Walk over to your house and get it?
Jerry brought it to me.
He'd hand delivered this snow blower.
Like that was a, that was a palpable,
that was a concrete snow blower that I could see and feel and smell.
Your snow blower was but dreams.
And I think what you could also say is,
what, you thought I was going to use a snow blower on yard snow?
No way.
Yard snow is good for shoveling only.
You don't use blower on yard snow.
That's, that's wild.
God gave us shovels just for yard snow.
Now sidewalk snow, you can, you can shoot that with a big gun if you want to.
Well, maybe just tell Frank, like, you know,
your snow blower was weak and Jerry's snow blower was fleek.
He's got a potent, powerful snow blower.
Sorry, Frank.
Jerry doesn't pick his snow.
I've seen you doing the dirty deed while you blow snow.
You and your friend Zit are hanging out picking noses.
Yeah, you and Zit are hanging out getting this.
That's me.
I mean, I'll do a lip trick off a half pipe, but also, you know,
dig for some gold in there.
But I don't fucking care.
Wait, are you cool but rude?
Yeah, so I think that, gosh, you're not, you're not,
I'll tell you what stinks is not knowing your neighbor very well
and then having an opportunity arise where you could maybe know your neighbor
a little bit better and you just fuck it up completely.
And then you're confronted with the reality of, you know,
before you're like, I might not ever get to know my neighbor.
And then this happens and you're like, now I am actively moving away
from the reality of knowing my neighbor.
I know them less.
I know them less.
I negative know them at this point.
And you know what?
I don't want to shame the question asker though, because that impulse will be like,
hey, I'd like to offer you something that would help you.
And your immediate reaction would be like, no, don't worry about it.
Yeah, that's exactly the vote.
We are in that boat together, my friend.
Look, look to your left.
There's me also rowing this boat.
Once a person pushed the snowblower over, you should have gone back to Frank
and said like, all right, give it to me now.
I'm going to do twosies.
I want to go double fist it, blow all the snow away.
Why did you decline?
Hey, why did you decline it?
Showing so sucks.
Yeah, because I think out here in 2019, as we're becoming the monster,
I want to really, I want to re-examine that to include like looking at our own behaviors,
right?
And like embracing who we are as people, but also changing it to make it better.
You shouldn't have declined the offer.
Showing so sucks.
And it's nice to give people the opportunity to help you out.
It makes people feel good.
You should just take the snowblower.
Here's what I've been doing.
This is a powerful phrase if you're like me and you're like knee-jerk responses
to always say like, no, thank you.
Powerful phrase that you can introduce in your lexicon is this.
No, you know what?
Just that phrase will let you 180 on that.
That has not told me anything.
You can say like, no, thank you.
No, you know what?
I actually will use the snowblower thing.
You can immediately turn around on a note.
Yeah, sure.
Your revelation is waffling on things.
That's your bolder direction.
I would do the same thing with someone like, hey, do you want to use my snowblower?
And I would just immediately say like, no, I got it.
Thank you.
And in my head, I'm thinking like, what are you doing?
Take the snowblower.
This sucks.
But then I would say like, well, but it's too late now.
I already told Frank I don't want to.
So then I would say, no, you know what, Frank?
I would appreciate the snowblower.
And let's become BFF.
Coffee at my place.
Something like that.
You know what I mean?
I'd say, hey, do you want to use my snowblower?
I'd say, no, you want to use your snowblower?
Here's $20.
Do you want to use my $20?
And now we're in a gig economy.
I ask what it is.
Your neighbor's jealous.
Your neighbor saw you didn't use his,
and he's very jealous because he wants to get his used by you.
And that's all there is to it.
So he came out silently and just started snow blowing your yard
with his snowblower.
Like, see, this is good, too.
This is better.
He's very jealous.
Look at my clean lines.
What you can do, you're out of snow.
Go in your house.
If you have a spice rack, just knock that over to the floor.
And then call your neighbor over and say, look, more dusty stuff
just ready and raring to get blown out of the house.
More debris.
It says, again, you got to be over there
before Frank has even done his own yard and borrow it.
Borrow it.
You know what?
Borrow it without him asking next time it snows.
You got to make this up to him.
And then ask him if he wants to use your snowblower.
And then you get his second grade class
to all come to his house and tear up old piece of paper
and throw him up in the air.
And you're standing there with a new snowblower
furnished by Lowe's with a big bow on it.
And you're just smiling.
And he smiles.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Yeah, happily.
Thank you.
Here's one that's sent in by Emma Cant.
Or Cont.
Thank you, Emma.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Well, they're anonymous, but I'm going to call them.
Boba asks, why don't we eat fruit hot and microwaved?
Thank you.
Thank you.
I feel like this might be good.
Hot strawberries, grapes, watermelon, pears.
We eat spaghetti and pizza hot, so why not fruit?
Okay.
We can play in this space, but you can grill watermelon
and eat it.
People do do that.
So I will remove watermelon from the metaphorical plate
and we won't discuss watermelon.
I mean, you could do a fancy preparation
of any of these fruits, right?
I don't think this question is saying
it's impossible to eat these fruits hot and microwaved.
The verb microwaved in there, I think, sets the tone
of the question.
Of course, you can go to a fancy cuisine restaurant
and they'll put some strawberries on some fancy ravioli,
whatever the fuck, and cook them up hot yum.
But they're talking about just cash.
You pull some grapes out of the freezer
and instead of just popping those little purple candies
in your mouth, you change the heat of them a little bit.
You get them hot.
You get them hot or warm with the microwave.
Having to say to another human being the sentence like,
oh, don't eat those grapes yet.
They need time to cool.
It would make me feel like the weirdest pervert in history.
Yeah, sure.
Don't burn your tongue on that sizzling strawberry.
Get the fuck out of the house.
Hey, blow on that strawberry.
It's not ready yet.
No way.
Hey, also, if you put grapes in a microwave,
I'm pretty sure it makes it explode like a little explosion.
I think they all do.
Griffin, I'm thinking about all of the fruits you mentioned,
the strawberry, the grape, the watermelon.
I'm pretty sure we're talking about just a microwave mess.
Oh, all the watermelon, I bet,
would make a big wo-oh accident in the microwave.
If you could get a whole one in there, oh, Boise.
That's a bad day.
You gotta get out of the house at that point.
You're gonna just destroy the whole place.
But here's the thing, though.
You do eat spaghetti and pizza hot.
That's true.
That's a great point, Griff.
Very salient.
What if we put strawberries on pizza?
No, stop it.
Stop it.
Let's answer the core question first.
Why don't we eat fruit hot in microwave?
Because we're afraid.
But we do.
What about cobblers?
That's full of hot fruit.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
I'm gonna come through this mic,
I'm gonna come through your sound interface,
and I'm gonna start striking you.
I wouldn't do that to you.
You're my brothers and I love you more than anything.
We're not talking about high-falutin' preparations.
I take grapes out of the fridge,
and instead just poppin' them in cold at a picnic,
I get them hot in the microwave first,
and now I'm eating grapes, baby.
I'm not talking about cooking the grapes,
I'm talking about getting the grapes hot, baby, okay?
Yeah, you have to do it.
I'm not talking about cooked cobblers,
I'm talking about hot cobblers.
What's the difference between cooking them
and getting them hot?
Yeah.
Don't, no, Justin, you're using fancy words like cook.
Griffin's saying microwaving them.
What's the difference between cooking them
and getting them hot?
I have to know.
It's because it's, when you, okay, I'll tell you,
I'll tell you, you got leftover fried chicken, right?
And you can either eat that hot or you can eat that cold.
When you put it in the microwave,
you don't say you're cooking fried chicken,
you're getting it hot.
You're heating it, you're heating it.
You're on the fuckin' wrong, you're laughing at me?
You're on the wrong fuckin' side of history right now,
and our listeners are gonna let you know that.
Nobody would say, Justin, what about this sentence?
Don't eat those grapes, they're raw.
That's nothing.
That's nothing, that's nothing.
Oh, that's a raw strawberry.
You eat that, you're gonna get tummy rot.
No.
No.
So if you microwave, if you dump a couple packets of oatmeal
into a bowl and he'll put some water in there
and then microwave it, all right,
do you say that you are cooking oatmeal?
No, you're heating up the oatmeal.
You're preparing it.
Preparing it, that seems like a middle ground.
You mixed ingredients there.
Okay, so that is cooking, that's cooking.
Justin's so far outside of the space
that Travis and I have one and a half bouncy castles
because Justin's abandoned his
and we're taking turns sharing it.
And that's fine, Justin.
So let's, I guess, just dial into this.
Why don't we cook grapes in the microwave and eat them?
You fuckin' fascist.
If that's really what you wanna limit the discourse down to,
that's fine.
Why don't we cook and eat grapes
after putting them in the microwave first?
Okay, why don't we microwave steak?
Why don't we microwave bread?
No, Justin, we do.
Like, it's nonsense.
If I have a steak that I,
maybe I have some leftover sirloin from the night before,
I would pop that into the microwave
and heat it up a little bit
if I just wanna gnaw on it, maybe a late night snack.
Like, I'm up for steak.
Is that for when you transform into a living dog
and you have something to nosh on in your bowl?
Of course.
Like, this is not food a human would eat.
For real, do you all see that in cartoons
where they give a dog a big raw piece of meat
and you're like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
That's probably not good, right?
No, cook that.
Nah, it can't be good.
Why don't you like your dog?
Are they giving like a whole chicken to eat or some shit?
Don't do that.
Or like Fred Flintstone's about to eat
just like a big raw leg of a dinosaur, bud.
I always felt that that was the weirdest part
in a Flintstone's cartoon
when Fred Flintstone would chase after a brontosaurus
and catch it and just tear into its raw flesh.
Get in its legs, yeah.
So Justin, why don't we eat hot grapes though?
If you put a bunch of fruit in the microwave in a cup,
okay, and then put some yogurt and granola on top.
Fuck.
Oh, you got a nice little breakfast going.
Are you saying hot berries?
That recipe was in the Washington Post.
This is not hiding.
You know, this is right there out in front of us.
You're saying put some hot berries in my parfait?
Saying hot berries.
Hey Justin?
Yeah.
You've been around this block for a while
and I know that-
Hot berry block?
No, stop it.
Listen, let me play.
Let me play at you.
If you're not gonna play with me, let me play at you.
You've eaten grapes, yes?
Yeah, bud.
I would say throughout the fullness of time of your life,
you've probably eaten a lot of grapes.
Not, you know, maybe not the average,
maybe not more than the average, maybe less.
Not an obscene amount?
No, no, no.
I would say right down the fucking middle.
Right down the fucking middle.
And what's the process?
Go ahead, paint me a little word picture
of you sitting in the living room,
you decide you want some grapes
and then just sort of walk me through the whole process
up to you chewing and swallowing the grapes.
So go ahead.
Okay, so I would-
And hey, don't play with funny times
because it's me playing at you.
You get to be Mr. Serious fucking Ben Stein over there.
But I'm gonna be like having fun.
So if you don't know jokes.
I would go to the refrigerator.
I would take out, I'm sorry, I said refrigerator.
I would go to the refrigerator.
I would take out a bag with grapes.
Okay.
And then I would get a bowl
and I would pull a bunch of the grapes off the stem.
I would give them kind of a rinsey rinse.
Got to, got to.
Gotta, gotta do that.
And then I would just proceed to chomping.
Now Justin, let me ask you,
I do have an important qualifier there
just before Griffin jumps in with his point.
When you rinse them, cold water or hot water?
Cold water.
Okay, I'm glad that you filled that out for me, Travis.
And then Justin, so you've done this quite a few times.
Yes, you would say?
Just a regular, the regular amount.
And you tell me now how many outlier times you have done it
where you've then take the grapes
and you put them in the microwave before eating them.
Please now tell me, yes.
How many times a number, exact estimation,
whatever you can get it to, please, thank you.
You're probably done.
And so I guess my follow-up question to that would be, why?
Justify yourself, Justin.
Well, I mean, the floor is yours.
Was the question about grapes specifically
or was it about fruit?
No, you have made it about grapes.
By your actions, it is now about grapes.
And Justin, I would take it even further and say that
none of those times when you have consumed grapes,
did you even ever think you weren't making the choice
not to put it in the microwave?
I don't even think the microwave even ever occurred to you
because you're scared.
I just didn't, I like them cold.
Why?
I guess where I'm at is I like them cold.
Well, I like Diet Pepsi, but I drink other stuff too.
So I guess if you're just not,
this is the worst we've ever done on a question
because from the moment it was introduced into our lives,
Justin wanted to throw it right out into the river.
Justin, who's the coolest celebrity in your estimation?
Coolest, I've heard Jeff Goldblum.
Okay, if Jeff Goldblum took to Instagram
and did like a live thing on Instagram
where he like, as he was answering questions,
nonchalantly microwaved some grapes
and started eating them.
They didn't make a big deal.
It wasn't a big deal.
The stream wasn't about that.
It was just a thing he was doing as he answered questions.
Do you think it would take off?
Maybe.
All right, I'm pretty sure these things
are bad for your microwave, folks.
Don't do this as a joke for home.
But if you have done it before,
do tweet at Justin McElroy.
About the hot grapes.
Boy, I bet a hot grape, though,
if you want to talk about a dangerous food to eat
because you have no idea what the temperature
and the juices are gonna be in there.
And it's just a little like hot water balloon.
Like it's all it is, is hot water inside of it
that's gonna burn your mouth real bad.
Sure.
It's full of hot water.
How about another question?
Okay.
My roommate recently bought a new value pack.
Eight rolls of paper towels because it ran out.
Hell yeah.
Wait, was that about the value pack or the running out?
Hell yeah, it's about the value pack.
There's nothing.
Okay, wait, hold on.
When I went to use the first roll,
I discovered that I hate these paper towels.
Oh, hell no, actually.
Turns out they're weirdly soft
and don't rip well off the roll
and kind of make my skin crawl when I touch them.
And they're made of human flesh.
How do I use up all the paper towels
so that I can excuse buying a new pack from a better brand?
Specifically, maybe a solution that doesn't implicate me
for just wasting a bunch of trees.
That's from Damp in DC.
I get it.
I get it.
Life's too short to put bad stuff on your bum.
It ain't worth it.
It ain't worth it.
Is this paper towels?
So I don't know what kind of grizzly monster you are.
Listen, y'all.
Listen, y'all.
Sometimes you're desperate.
You run out of toilet paper.
I'm just, I don't want to get gross.
I don't want to get blue.
I know we get blue in this show,
but I don't want to get too blue
because it could scare people off.
But let's just say I'm a brawny man.
Hey, have you guys ever noticed
that toilet paper is TP and paper towels are PT?
Never thought about it.
Yeah, I think about that a lot.
This is tough.
You know what I have run afoul of?
I feel like that could have been a great chance
for you to use your soundboard, Justin.
Thank you.
I feel like the thing that I really despise
is when the paper towels,
you know the select-a-size
where it's like half a paper towel
or a regulator paper towel or a massive paper towel
or like four segments.
It doesn't matter.
I got two rolls that weren't like that recently
and that was heartbreaking to me
because it's a lot more,
I end up using a lot more paper towel
than I would ever want to use.
And that makes me really sad
for the environment and stuff.
And there's people in other countries
like I think maybe England and stuff
that don't even use these motherfuckers.
They just phase them out or they never use them.
They never use them.
They're losing their minds over there.
Hey, what about use those paper towels
to write your manifesto?
That could be fun.
And so that way like you unroll it as you're writing
and then you roll it back up
and you're like, no, no, no,
we can't use these to clean up that spill.
It's me manifesto.
That's one possibility.
I mean, there's always the mummy game.
Oh yeah.
But then you don't want to waste it, Griffin.
I think me having a great afternoon
with all my friends playing mummy,
role-playing our favorite
Brendan Fraser film mummy too,
The Mummy Returns,
I don't think is a waste of it, Travis,
just because I haven't used it to sop up,
you know, some piss.
Okay.
I have a question.
Once again, wait, hold on.
What?
It's all paper.
Why are you guys being such dingleberries about?
It's all, it's paper.
It's paper, paper, paper, paper.
Cleaning paper.
Did you buy eight rolls of paper towels that you hate
or did you buy a small mattress that you hate?
Ooh.
Could be one of those, either one of those two.
Maybe you could use them to clean up spills around town
just out and about
so that way you're not wasting them.
But you're not like,
oh, next time there's an oil spill, you're on it.
Yep.
Yep.
I'm here.
I've got all these paper towels.
What about-
Here they are if you need them.
Give me half of one Pelican.
I got this.
What if for a while,
you're just the person that shows up at parties
with a roll of paper towels?
And you say, I brought napkins.
I brought my own.
I get super sloppy.
Leave me alone.
Ooh.
What if they're very practical housewarming
slash birthday gifts?
Yeah.
That's a bad one.
That one's bad.
That one's bad.
There's no bad ideas except for that.
It's the first bad idea.
What if it's the world's most comfortable telescope?
Yeah, that's another possibility.
And least effective.
Least effective.
Ooh, it's so easy to hold with all this cushioning.
I mean, I'll go ahead and say the one that's so obvious
that we're not even saying it.
Eight paper towel rolls.
You can catch a lot of frogs with that many paper towel rolls.
I get.
Wait, what are you?
You can catch a lot of them tasty froggies
with eight paper towel rolls, I think.
Go through a forest and know how to get back out.
That's good.
I actually like that.
Yeah.
Maybe use them to denote the end of a race
so people can run through them and break out.
That's good.
You can make little ends of races everywhere
and that can be fun.
I mean, you could take them to Washington DC
and just use the clean up the act
of a lot of the people there
that are supposed to be representing us.
But I think we can all agree
are doing a pretty piss poor job doing it.
And all that piss is just begging to be sopped up
with these eight paper towels.
If you get the-
Vote Griffin McElroy 2020 and clean up the piss.
No, I'm just trying to become a new political cartoonist
and that's sort of my first strip
that I'm gonna pitch to newspaper.
Washington DC, more like Washington PP.
Yeah, and it's me and then you see me
and I'm running with eight big bad paper towel rolls.
No, no, no, I wanna hear more Travis.
He's got-
Well, he writes the words.
I draw the illustration.
Yeah, Griffin does the images and I do the captions.
Yeah, so like give me another one, Travis.
I really only have that one really good one.
Okay.
More like Washington Dookie.
Yeah, and so in this one,
I'm in a big airplane and I'm dropping the toilet paper down
like bombs onto, it's a Capitol Hill,
but it's also poop emoji.
Oh, I see.
What if at your local grocery store,
the next few times that someone reached to buy paper towels,
there was just you appearing like an avenging angel.
I, no, no, no, no need.
I've got a free roll for you.
Hey.
And then it's their problem.
And then they feel so guilty
because you made such a big fucking deal out of it
that they don't even feel comfortable
buying the paper towels that they really want.
All right, but let's walk through this
just step by step, Justin.
Yeah.
Say you're at the produce aisle,
eyeing a big soon to be warmed up box of grapes
and you're looking at those seriously.
You're looking at the price,
looking at the unit price and trying to figure out
if you can make space for in your fridge
and in your life for these grapes.
And then a stranger comes up and says,
mm-mm, don't take those grapes.
Take these grapes from me for free.
Yeah.
What's the first thought that's gonna enter into your mind?
Poison.
No, no, no.
It's gonna be,
this person just picked up another box of grapes in the store
and said they're wonderful free grapes.
It's a honey pot.
That I can just take out of the store.
This is a good, this is a fun trap, right?
It's like getting everybody more comfortable with shoplifting
by you're looking at paper towels.
I walk up and I say, no, not those paper towels.
And I reach over and pick up other paper towels.
And I say, these ones are free.
And I hand it to them.
I had an experience.
This is not my cereal podcast, The Empty Bowl.
You can find that on iTunes.
But this is a cereal anecdote on a non-cereal podcast.
I was at a local big box grocery store
and they offered me a sample of banana nut frosted flakes.
And they put it in a little cup and they handed it to me.
And I ate one of the flakes.
I was like, mm-mm, good, good, good.
Is what I said to the lady.
And she said, do you want milk?
And I was like, yeah, I guess I do.
And so I thought she was going to pour me
like a little shot glass of milk to go with my, no.
She takes my sample cup back and then pours milk
into my tiny, minuscule sample cup of the cereal.
And then hands me a very tiny spoon
and hands it back to me all proud of herself.
So then I'm just standing there in the middle of the aisle
looking like some sort of stupid giant eating
this tiny, tiny bowl of cereal.
Like, mm-mm, very good.
Oh, thanks.
Thanks for this little tiny bowl, lady.
And I was unimpressed with the flavor.
So take that.
Hey, let's get, can we go to the Money Zone just real quick?
Yeah, mm-hmm.
I would like to tell you about Blue Apron.
We here in the McElroy Collective household
are huge fans of the meal service boxes.
The big, in the big boat we all live in together.
In this big McElroy boat.
And gosh darn it, do I ever love Blue Apron?
Because everything comes right there in the box.
And you know what, I remember being in college
and getting like frozen meals and that kind of stuff,
which, you know, nothing wrong with those, I guess.
But this is everything right there that you need.
And when you make it, you feel like accomplished.
Like you, cause you really cooked it.
You're making it yourself from the ingredients.
It's impressive and it's delicious.
They offer creative and mouthwatering options
designed to fit any table.
There were some options here in February
of pork chorizo burgers and roasted potatoes,
spicy soy glazed chicken thighs,
crispy chickpea grain bowl, garlic caper chicken.
I can honestly say, I don't think I've ever had a Blue Apron
that I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
And you can check it out this week's menu.
Oh, I should say, basically you get a box that contains-
And it's got stuff in it, you have three meals.
Yeah, it's got stuff, pictures and what have you.
And you can check out this week's menu
and get $60 off at blueapron.com slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
So say you have a business or two
and you need to hire one or maybe 200,000 employees
because your new business is the biggest one ever.
It's Amazon 2 and you're so excited
to really beat Jeff Bezos' ass right into the ground.
And you need to get some employees
and you need these guys fucking yesterday.
You need these folks just with a quickness.
Well, let me tell you what you're gonna do.
Who are describing my exact situation, Griffin?
That's so good.
Travis, you're gonna wanna go to Zip Recruiter
because it's the place where you go
that makes hiring simple, fast and smart.
They send your job to over 100
of the web's leading job boards, but that's not all they do.
If that's all they did, it would be bullshit.
It's not.
They also have powerful matching technology
that they can use to scan thousands of resumes
like Skynet and find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job.
And the other people who don't have the right experience,
they get nuked.
Whoa, like Skynet?
By Skynet.
Zip Recruiter is so effective that 80% of employers
who post on Zip Recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site within the first day
and the other 20%, they also get nuked.
Signing up for Zip Recruiter and being effective
is the only way to survive the nuclear apocalypse.
Listen, you're flipping a five-sided coin.
One of those sides, it's got a big mushroom cloud on it.
The other four sides has a new recruit for you
that is gonna do your business just perfect.
Right now, our listeners can try Zip Recruiter.
Now, we should say that nowhere in this copy
does it say anyone gets nuked,
but Griffin is reading between the lines
because it's pretty obvious if you look at what it says
that they're hinting at this.
Our listeners can try Zip Recruiter
and this grand roulette for free
at this exclusive web address, ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash M-Y-B-R-O-T-H-E-R.
Zip Recruiter, the smartest and deadliest way to hire.
Shouldn't say that.
Zip Recruiter, they probably want you to,
Zip Recruiter, the smartest way to hire.
And then it says in parentheses, not all will survive.
No, it doesn't say that in parentheses.
I think I'm reading between the lines.
There's no, there's no lines.
There's no lines.
It's in brackets.
Hi, I'm Jo Firestone.
And I'm Manolo Moreno.
And we're the hosts of Dr. Game Show,
which is a podcast where we play games
submitted by listeners, regardless of quality or content
with in-studio guests and callers from all over the world.
And you can win a custom magnet.
Subscribe now to make sure you get our next episode.
What's an example of a game, Manolo?
Pokemon or medication.
How do you play that?
You have to guess if something's a Pokemon name or a medication.
Medication.
First time listener, if you want to listen to episode highlights
and also know how to participate, follow Dr. Game Show
on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
We'd love to hear from you.
Yeah, it's really fun.
For the whole family.
We'll be every other Wednesday, starting March 13th.
And we're coming to Max Fun.
Snorlax.
Pokemon?
Yes.
Nice.
I would love it if you all could join me for,
I'm really struggling about this because it,
I was going to go Munch Squad.
Okay.
But it has nothing to do with food at all.
It's just a press release.
But it is so challenging that I am going to go ahead
and bring it to y'all.
And I hope that you'll join me for it.
And this is not necessarily a segment.
And it's kind of outside the bounds of what we normally do.
But it's so challenging that I'd like to present it to you,
my brother.
Could not be a Munch Squad Junior, maybe?
Or how about Crunch Squad?
No, I mean, you need to listen to me.
It has nothing to do with food.
Could you slip just some references to food,
even if it's just side jokes that you make?
And can I ask why you found this?
Yeah.
I mean, it came into my inbox by someone saying,
someone tweeted at me quite rightly and said,
this is a Munch Squad that has nothing to do with food.
Okay.
And I was like, yeah, you're right.
It is somehow.
And this is not going to be,
I'm not expanding the scope of this very important segment.
I'm just saying this is where we're at right now.
This is a one-off.
This is a one-off.
This is a press release for Megan Trainor's new album.
And also the new quick service restaurant she's opening?
No, it has nothing to do with food.
Again, I can't stress this enough.
Valentine's Day is around the corner.
And whether you're planning on smashing Bay's junk to smithereens
or making out with a pint of fish food,
you need some fresh Valentine's Day bops.
Governor, have you hung up?
No, I'm here.
I'm just challenged by it.
If someone came up to me and,
I mean, let's assume that I wasn't in a loving,
committed relationship, or even if I was,
if a loving, committed partner came up to me and said,
I want to smash your genitals to smithereens.
Yeah, just turn them into goo.
That sounds terrible.
It seems like there's going to be a lot to this.
So let's see if we can let Justin get through a little bit more
before we stop him.
You need Valentine's Day bops to get you in the mood for love.
And Megan Trainor's got you covered with her new EP,
The Love Train.
You know you want it and you can freaking get it, bitch.
Whoa, whoa.
On all digital platforms right here.
I want that to be followed up with,
you know what, I came in pretty hot there.
What I meant to say was-
That's cool, our jets a little bit.
Anyway, you may know me for my old sound.
It's evolved a little bit
and I'm excited about the new opportunities that brings.
Now, anyway, bring your genital triangle over here
and set it on the corner of this table.
Thank you.
I'm about to blast it.
But we know you want to hear songs
about all the hot newlywed sex
Megan and Daryl Sabara are having.
Oh, I don't.
And here they spelled bae, B-A-E.
And I guess, do you guys want to know about-
Do you guys want to know about the hot newlywed sex
that Megan Trainor is having with the kid from Spy Kids?
Oh, yes Al, yes.
Sorry, I didn't mean it this way, yes.
Yes, that's who she married.
Yeah, it says here on this press release,
Megan seducing your ears this V-Day
and you know she knows a thing or two about romance.
Unless your phone's been broken for a hot minute,
you know that Megan just got married
to the ginger from Spy Kids.
What?
And trust us when we say girl is feeling the love.
She took a break from her busy schedule
to record some fire tracks in Los Angeles.
Alongside frequent collaborators and producers,
it doesn't matter.
We know you want to hear songs
about all the hot newlywed sex Megan and Daryl Sabara
are having.
Did you see what we did there?
What they did there, for the record,
is turn the bae in Mr. Sabara's name into B-A-E.
You just called the kid from Spy Kids Mr. Sabara.
Handle that.
All right, I'm sorry, Dr. Sabara.
Which is why you'll love the banging single, All the Ways.
Billboard was wet for All the Ways.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Billboard got wet for All the Ways,
calling it another fun, danceable track
to fall in love with.
And would Billboard lie to you, girl?
Holy shit.
Would Billboard lie to you, girl?
This outlet cannot become wet.
This outlet cannot become wet.
The outlet can't be wet.
But perhaps the piece de resistance
that's French for wig snatch.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's Marry Me.
A romantic acoustic guitar hanging there, folks.
You can not fucking backpedal this.
You just said a magazine got wet.
Just, you know what?
You're gonna be impressed.
You're gonna be impressed.
You know what?
You're about to feel,
what you're about to feel is being impressed.
It's a romantic acoustic guitar
and ukulele-tinged all fest,
which delivers all the feels and then more feels.
So they did actually bring it back
to absolutely disgusting.
Just in a different way.
Is the all fest gonna get me wet?
I'm having a hard time following the metaphor.
It's no metaphors.
It's just words and letters and images and time.
It's a ukulele-tinged off.
Oh my God.
I can't fucking say it again.
All fest, which delivers all the feels
and then more feels.
Is one of the feels, it feels wet?
Ah, Megan wrote the song 30 days after meeting Daryl
and it was so good, she walked down the aisle to it.
We know that's a little bit hashtag vom-worthy,
but also, am I chopping onions right now
or are those tears rolling down my face?
I'm not crying, you're crying.
I am actually chopping onions.
You're actually wrong.
My eyes are wet.
My eyes are getting wet.
My eyes are just moist.
Yeah, I'm still thinking about all the ways
that you and the Spy Kid both made me cry.
Both man, I guess, now are making love.
Spy man.
And the Spy Man and you are making love
in, I guess, all the ways
and just hearing that makes my eyes glisten.
I would like to say, I don't wanna just gloss over
that Megan Trainor wrote, produced, recorded a song
that then she walked down the aisle to her own song.
Fuck that, that's powerful.
That's fucking crazy.
That's what I'm saying.
That's great.
I know, it's so sad that Megan Trainor,
who I think rules, is saddled with this.
Anyway, moving on, unless she wrote it herself,
which would be hysterical.
As always, our Grammy-winning, Diamond single
having Queen didn't just come to play.
She came to slay.
She's murdering left and right.
Get out of here.
She's serving vocals.
Like, yeah, I'd hope so on the passionate
Celine Dion-esque power ballad After You.
Now, Celine Dion, there's a singer
that can get a magazine wet.
Oh, yeah, and can make a hell of a quick service restaurant.
You guys are such cowards because you're trying
to break up the delivery of this poison
with your James and hilarity.
You need to just buckle in, okay?
Let me get through this.
Please, let me get through this.
Okay, she's serving vocals on the passionate
Celine Dion-esque power ballad.
This is the most insane thing
that's ever been in a press release,
and I just, I read a lot of press releases,
and the turn this press release takes,
it's really challenging, and I am so sorry
about putting this press release into y'all's heads
because I was actually woken up at 3 a.m. last night
by my daughter and unable to fall back asleep
because I kept recounting several choice segments
of this entire press release,
but this is the one that,
one of the more challenging segments.
Megan's serving your insatiable thirst
for dance-ready bops with the upbeat banger
that is foolish.
It slaps so hard you'll be standing for days.
Whoa.
My feet would get tired.
Whoa.
Like it slapped my bottom so hard I can't sit down?
It slaps so hard you'll be standing.
Is that what they did to Billboard?
Sorry, no, bud.
Standing, S-T-A-N-N-I-N-G, for days.
That's proper usage of that, right?
You stand for certain amounts of time
and then see standing after you enjoy something deeply.
And then there's a quote in the same paragraph,
and the quote is this.
As if all the PDA, including foot massages,
butterfly kisses, and piggyback rides
aren't cringe-worthy enough,
says her brother and videographer, Ryan.
I've gotta film it all.
Whoa, whoa, wait, what?
What?
Whoa, it's the same, guys.
It's the same, guys.
It's the same paragraph.
She's got this dope track better than Celine Dion.
She's gonna slap your ass so hard with her one dance track
that you'll never be able to sit down
for the rest of your life.
I have to watch them kiss and it's my job,
says her brother.
And Megan makes me film them kissing.
Hey, Justin.
Justin, I'm very successful now as a pop artist
and I wanted to hire you into my entourage
so that you basically never have to work again
except for me.
One thing, though.
One little thing.
You will have to film my sensual selections
with my lover.
Film me with my lover.
Anyway, choo-choo.
Choo-choo, bitch.
It says B-E-T-C-H.
You tell me how to say it.
You tell me how that's said.
You say it, B-E-T-C-H.
I'm not going to say it.
This press release has no power over me.
Choo-choo, bitch.
The love train is leaving the station
and you better get on board.
Now you're threatening me.
Get on board or...
Actually, could I vote for the sweet release
of being crushed under its wheels?
Is that an option?
I mean, here's the thing, though.
I'm sure the album is the slap.
I have no doubt about it.
There's probably some good tunes on here.
It doesn't make, I don't need to know
that your brother filmed you kiss.
I also don't want to hear about your sensual makeout session
with a magazine that got it all moist.
Yep, or with your husband.
And I'm not here to shame you for that.
I just, I wasn't previously curious about it
before this press release had entered my life.
And as I find my way, you know,
on the off ramp of this press release,
I gotta say, I still kind of am not curious about it.
Thank you very much.
Oh, by the way, All the Ways,
the video for All the Ways is a song that she sings
asking a guy to tell her all the ways in which he loves her.
It's not about all the different ways
that the lady from All About That Bass
and the ginger from Spy Kids are doinking.
It's not about that.
As far as I can tell, the video probably features
a man-sized teddy bear.
I don't know what to say about this.
Wouldn't it be, like, I would,
I think it would be funny to hear a song
in which the singer just listed all the different ways
that they and their partner had had sex.
I'm watching this video right now.
They're in a bus.
They're walking down dark New York City street.
What was that?
Hold on.
There was like a flash frame.
I'm running it back.
It's around two minutes.
Yeah, she's finger blasting the shit out of that bear.
You're wrong, Justin.
So you want a Yahoo?
Yes.
I have a Yahoo here that was sent in by Sid Ross.
Thank you, Sid.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
I'm gonna call them,
I'm gonna call this Megan Trainer asks,
can a self-driving car get its own job as a taxi or Uber
and live a life of its own?
Oh, I like that final twist there at the end.
Yeah, I didn't see that coming.
I know that it can't, right,
it's programmed to do a certain thing, right?
But then it's just cruising down the cold Chicago streets
and it pulls over,
gets stopped at a stoplight on State Street
and just a dude runs in and opens up the back door
and hops in and is like,
20 bucks if you take me up to the big bean, baby.
Because that's how they all talk up there.
It's fucking wild.
And then the car is like,
that's not normally what I do,
but okay, and it drives up and it takes the money.
And now this car driving robot has $20 to spend.
And I think at this point is thinking,
having some thoughts that are maybe a little off the grid.
I personally welcome the idea of robot Lyft drivers
because it would be nice to know when I get in the car
that I won't have to explain what a podcast is
after they ask me what I do.
Yeah, that's a fun, yeah.
That the robot would be like,
podcasts are my blood.
Like, I run on podcast energy.
I don't know what you're talking about, Travis.
I'm a line cook in a hotel.
What, the robot?
No, that's sort of my go-to.
Oh, I see, good job, nice.
Hold, stop, are those crickets?
Those are the worst fucking sounding crickets
I've ever heard in my entire life.
That sounds like a Foley cricket
that some dude in a studio in 1930
is making by rubbing two nails together or something.
I don't know why the clip has to be so long.
Okay, it's finally over, sorry.
Sorry.
It's like, it's a cricket sound effect that's so long
that after it gets the desired effect,
it actually needs another cricket sound
to come in after it,
because it went on so long that no one's laughing anymore.
So it's like a recursive, a recursive cricket sound effect.
So, can this happen?
Probably not.
You want a different one?
This one's sent in by Emily.
Thank you, Emily Thomas.
Yahoo Answers user.
What are you supposed to do with that big bean?
I've seen the bean.
I mean, I wish, I want to just stand there with a chart
and write on the chart what people do
once they've reached the bean that they traveled to.
Well, you can go inside
and take the same picture everybody takes,
or you can do what I do.
Grease on up and try and climb on top of the thing.
How do you grease?
To make it harder.
To get the challenge, though.
Anybody can climb on top of the thing.
I went skydiving.
I went Rocky Mountain climbing.
I climbed up that dumb bean.
And it was greased up all the way.
Here's one from Emily.
Emily sent it in.
Thanks, Emily.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Maddie, who asks,
I need 50 words to describe birds visually.
Let me know what words come up
when you think of how birds look.
I'm just going to start a count, I guess.
Wait, do you actually have a counter?
I'll get the calculator open
and I'll just press plus, press one.
Just actually do one plus one
and then you press equal.
Equals every time.
I think that could work.
Nah, it just keeps saying twos.
Maybe it's a different calculator.
Maybe something's like a counter app.
Are you going to make hash marks on a piece of paper?
I might have a counter app.
I have a step counter.
I can take a step every time we say step.
This is good because it'll buy us some time
to think of good bird words.
I'm going to write, let me write down here.
Okay, I got it, I got it, I got it.
Okay.
All right.
Okay, I'm ready.
Let's just start firing them off
and I don't think we should go in order.
I think we should just.
Oh, okay.
You actually fucked up with the first one.
Beak.
I mean, it describes a bird visually technically
if you think about it.
Yeah, do you want me to describe a beak?
Because that wasn't the challenge.
Okay, listen, we're only one in.
We got 49 to go so we can't quibble this much on all of them
but I'm going to say no more anatomical terms
because otherwise then that could just be the whole thing.
Okay.
Pretty.
Up.
Did you say up?
Yes, that's three.
God, guys, we have 47 to go.
This is just going to last fucking forever.
I thought for sure we'd be done by it.
Flappy.
Flappy.
Aloft.
Worms.
Because they usually have worms in their mouth.
Oh, okay.
Hoppy.
That was a bad one but it's on the list.
They hop.
Betaled.
Betaled, I like it.
Bewinged.
Bebeat.
Bebeat.
That's 10.
Befeathered.
Yeah, all right.
We can't, no, that's it for the Bs.
No, we're B ones.
We're B ones.
Blue.
Yeah, okay, hold on.
We're up to 12.
Red, yellow, white, gray.
That's 16.
That's most, that covers most of the bird colors.
Like families.
Squawky.
Squawky's good.
I would say just blanket.
Number 18, just noisy.
Noisy.
Wait, is this, what is the question?
Describe birds usually.
Minus one.
Okay, so squawky.
Minus one.
Okay, we're at 16.
We're at 16.
Okay, beady-eyed, but it's hyphenated.
Okay, we'll accept it.
Intimidating.
Nice.
Inspiring.
Okay.
Threat.
No, we already said intimidating.
Harbingers.
Harbingers is a noun.
Minus one.
Harbingies.
And not visual.
And not harbingies.
Okay, and we're back up to 20.
Okay, unnerving.
Unnerving.
Shitty.
Okay, I like that.
You think birds as a whole look shitty?
I think they can be.
I think birds can look shitty.
Okay, sexy.
Elegant.
Goofy.
Mysterious.
We're at 26, boys.
We're past the halfway point.
What about this?
Horny.
Yeah.
That bird looks horny.
It looks horny.
Well, yeah, sometimes you see the two birds and they have their wings way out, and they're
just like walking towards another bird's ass.
Like, that bird's ready to fog.
Let me see, how about this one?
Delicious.
That bird looks delicious?
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Great point.
Great.
It's small.
Kickable.
No.
No.
Wait, we can go with delicious but not kickable?
No, because it's mean and it's too edgy and it's too-
Huggable.
Spencer's gifts.
Huggable will allow.
I would like to hug an ostrich.
A big bird.
Two, we're at 30 right now.
Can we do two words together?
And it could just be my pet.
Yeah.
Because they can be my pet.
They look like your pet.
My savior.
My pet is 31 and 32.
You say my savior?
I did, yes.
33, 34.
Everybody gets a two word one.
Mine's my pet.
Travis did my savior.
And Justin, what's your two word one?
My immortal.
My immortal gets us up to 36.
We love these birds.
Half angel.
Nope.
Is it hyphenated?
Yes.
It doesn't make sense.
We're still at 36.
Criss angel.
I'm torn on that one.
I could go either way.
Birds don't look like criss angel.
Criss angel can sometimes look like a bird.
He can turn into nine birds.
But that's not, I don't think that visually describes birds
as much as it sort of generally describes criss angel
and his abilities.
We are still at 36.
I'm going to say biblical.
Okay.
They look biblical?
Yeah, it's just like you see a dove and you're like,
there's one of Jesus's good friends.
Deliverers.
Oh man, you don't know what adjectives are.
Let's stop, let's stop, let's stop.
We're at 37.
I feel like we're going to get really chunked up here
if we don't like get back to basics real quick.
Beak.
Yes.
We already got beaked, yeah.
I think we got bebeaked.
I think I feel like we're missing, what about like extant?
Yeah, like they're corporeal.
Corporeal.
Look there.
They look not transparent and not translucent.
Opaque.
Opaque, yeah.
Birds are opaque.
Can I hit you with this one?
Birds.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I feel like that's describing birds in one word.
But see, what's good about that one is that it does describe
birds look like birds, but also if somebody just finds this
list sitting on the street, they're going to kind of know
what we're talking about when they get to birds.
I mean, it is number 41, so they're going to be
confused up to that, but when they see birds,
it's like the secret codex.
Let me see what you guys think about this one.
Toronto!
Like the Blue Jays.
Toronto Blue Jays is 42.
Now here's my question.
Maybe the last three words, Griffin, because it didn't say
we can't use punctuation, can just be, you know, birds.
And it's just, you know, comma, birds, question mark.
We already done our compound once.
We already said they're birds.
We have eight words left, and these are our home stretch,
and we really got to make them count.
We've gone really long in this recording,
but this is an important thing now.
Fatherly.
Sorry, you both over spoke.
Okay.
Now I want to hear Travis's first.
I'll go second.
Hungry.
Birds do can look hungry.
Yes.
Birds do can look hungry.
Paternal.
Paternal.
How?
Just because they're on the nest?
It looks like it would be a good dad.
Okay.
Oh, I've got it.
Thieving.
Oh, I like that.
Show off one word.
Vain is a word.
Vain's an adjective.
Vain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How about this?
Guys, guys, just stop.
Hold on.
We got four left, so I don't want them to be slams on birds.
I want the last four to be good words about birds.
Can I give you this one?
Avuncular.
What's that mean?
Like unto an uncle.
A nature that is like an uncle.
An uncle style nature.
So wait, you're saying you would look at a bird and say,
I would let that bird maybe like hang out with my daughter,
who would be its niece.
That bird could be my dad's brother.
Okay.
Yeah.
That bird I would go to a baseball game with.
I'm not going to put that one on the list.
Okay.
That's fair.
You know what?
That one may have been too far.
We're at 46.
Did we say delicate?
Delicate.
Yeah, we'll allow that.
I did.
We set up, right?
Pretty early.
What about zany?
Because they look so zany.
Yeah, they can be funny.
Zany.
I thought you said veiny.
We're at 48.
They can be veiny.
That's 49.
Okay, we got one word left, so let's make it count.
And, you know, we may have a few here and have to like pick the top contender.
I'm gonna, if we haven't said it before, proud.
I think I'm almost certain we've done that one.
How about this one?
Eggs.
Well, around.
Well, we kind of did a whole round of they exist.
I feel like around just kind of acknowledges their existence again.
Dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs is bad.
Well, because birds used to be dinosaurs.
Yeah, but they ain't now.
What about pointless?
That's so mean.
What have they done for me lately?
How about shirt ruiners?
I think shitty because that covers a lot.
I already did shitty.
Pay attention.
God, we've been in this bit for too long.
We need a 50th word.
Just give them the 50th word.
Beak.
No, we did beak at the beginning, although I do like that.
I do like it coming around like that.
Yeah, I like the, we'll call them beacons.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, wait a minute.
What do I got?
Oh, I got it.
What about presidential?
That's pretty good.
What about hyphenated?
The end.
And that could be, if we turn the list into the teacher,
they'll know that that's where I finished.
I love that.
That's so good.
All right, that's 50.
Thanks, folks.
Thanks, folks.
We've had a great time with you this week on My Brother, My Brother, Me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself as well.
Well, you're always so nice to us and listen to our podcasts and stuff.
And we just think that that's real swell of you.
We just think the world of you guys.
All things considered, I think it's really nice that you listen to our podcasts.
And I also think it's really nice that you listen to All Things Considered.
Yeah, thank you.
They really need your support now more than ever.
We're doing some live shows coming up April 2nd, 3rd, and 4th
in San Jose, California, and Salt Lake City, Utah.
You can get tickets for those at mcroy.family and then click on tours there.
And actually, the San Jose ones sold out so quickly.
We had to open up new tiers of the theater, like new levels and balconies and stuff.
So there are more tickets available.
So if you tried to get those tickets a couple of days ago and weren't able to,
try again because we put some more on sale.
So go check that out, mcroy.family, and click on tours.
And while you're at mcroy.family, you can check out all our other shows.
You can check out YouTube videos and stuff we've done there.
And you can check out our merch page and see all the awesome stuff we have on sale there.
Yeah, a lot of things, mcroy.family.
And thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good song, very good album that you should totally have by now.
And also thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfun.org, check out all the great shows there.
There's a bunch of new shows just added to the lineup, like Mission to Zix and old favorites,
like Stop Podcasting Yourself, all at maximumfun.org.
Is that going to do it for us?
I think so.
Here's the final one.
It was sent in by Merit Palmer.
Thank you, Merit.
It's Yahoo Answers user Henry who asks,
Who out there hates BMW or Mercedes like me?
I hate those cars with a potion.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
You've been my brother, my brother.
May I kiss your dad's square on the lips?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm bailiff Jesse Thorn, and justice is within your reach.
My mom refuses to take my phone calls.
My boyfriend says I should take our cats with me to graduate school,
but I think he should keep them.
In the court of Judge John Hodgman, justice rules.
My partner's board game collection is out of control.
My sister won't stop stealing my clothes.
I'm Judge John Hodgman.
I'm tough, but fair.
Tough, but fair.
I'll bring you justice, and I'm only a cop.
I'll bring you justice, and I'm only a click away.
Tipping.
Automotive etiquette.
Siblings.
Roommates.
If you've got a case, go to Maximumfun.org.
Judge John Hodgman is tough, but fair.
Tough, but fair.
Subscribe to the podcast today.
Judge John Hodgman rules.
That is all.
