The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, main advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
Oh no. You're sweet, baby brother.
30 Griffin. Are you okay?
Yeah, I've just been working out my radio voice.
Okay, because it sounds like you kind of like swallowed a pog slammer and it got stuck.
Yeah, like a real pog throat.
Podcasts are over. Radio is the future.
Oh god. Now it sounds like you're melting in acid.
Time for some ads.
We just started. I don't want to do ads.
We just had a great rock block of comedy 90 seconds for you,
now it's time to hear from our sponsor, Dutch Miller Chevrolet.
No, I don't want to give free publicity to Dutch Miller Chevrolet.
Well, I think it's pretty narrow casting to
people living in Huntington who want to buy a new Chevy truck.
I'm so excited. I'm like feeling so energized right now. I'm fantastic.
Oh, you're excited because that graphic novel is coming out?
My graphic novel is coming out, I guess. You can probably pre-order it, I'm sure,
but that is not why. It's because last night I got to hang out with my good friend,
and James Buffett at his concert in Cincinnati. 51 sold out shows there in Cincinnati.
He is just the biggest deal there. Summer cannot start in Cincinnati
until Jimmy and the Coral Reefer band comes to town.
That was really frustrating this year because he waited until mid-July.
Yeah.
And we were like, Jimmy, what about 4th of July? What about all the cookouts?
And he was like, you have to wait.
He said, don't even try to go to them.
That's spring, motherfuckers.
But then he came and he saw his shadow, and then Summer was able to start.
I was so thrilled. Me and the whole family got to meet Jimmy, perform on Jimmy's pre-show.
Yeah, I had a great time there. I'm part of Justin's family,
and he definitely invited me too because I live here in Cincinnati.
Yeah, it's weird.
I invited Travis, and he didn't even want to say hi to me.
He didn't even want to see me while I was in town. He was not interested.
You invited me to come in the brief window you had when you would not be busy with Jimmy Buffett
if I wanted to come say hi and wave you off like an old-timey cruise line
so that you could go have fun at Jimmy Buffett without me.
Didn't want you to embarrass me in front of James because he would be sure to-
That's fair.
I don't think that's unfair. That's not even what I'm, like,
gized about, y'all. I'm on a new mission. Can we talk about it real quick?
Yeah, what level are you on right now, Juice?
This grind I'm in, it's getting good. I'm in the thick of it right now on this one.
It occurred to me recently that the third season of Pete & Pete isn't available on DVD,
and for some reason I had been talking or thinking about anything else
when now that I have the world's tiniest and most adorable bully pulpit that I want to-
Yeah.
So I'm going to try to shake a few trees. I'm on the case. See where I can shake out.
And guys, I think I'm making a little headway.
Except for catching the attention of the giant corporation that would need to actually make this
happen and could with, I assume, an email. I haven't quite caught them yet,
but things are going pretty good. Here are the people that I've got involved in this case right
now.
Okay.
Did you talk to Jimmy about this?
Didn't talk to Jimmy about this. Should have brought it up with Jimmy. God, kicking myself.
Also, did see Emilio Estevez at the show. Did not bring it up to Emilio Estevez.
Oh, you guys got some clout.
By the way, apparently Emilio Estevez is in your hood, Travis, so get on it.
Oh, yeah. He's a big fan. He filmed a movie here, bought a house here. Loves it.
Loves it over the Rhine.
Okay. I've looped in PJ and Alex from Reply All because they do some internet investigations,
so I'm trying to get them on it. I do have Danny Tamberelli,
little p, is involved with this discussion. It's big.
And then someone was like, I think it was PJ, actually said, according to this,
it's because of a single unlicensed Luscious Jackson song that was on an episode that Nick
didn't get the rights to. And then I tweeted about that, and then Luscious Jackson comes back
on their official Twitter feed and is like, pardon, no one has ever spoken to us about it
from Nickelodeon. We are open to talking about it. So I don't know, Nick. You tell me.
Oh, shit, building bridges.
You tell me, y'all.
Let me check. Oh, Justin, I just checked my GPS tracker and it seems like the ball
is in their courts.
Yeah. It seems like, listen, it's not up to Luscious because Luscious Jackson is down.
It's not up to little p, because he's down. I haven't heard from big p yet. I can't imagine
he's the one standing in the way. So you tell me.
Who is it?
Endless Mike.
Is Endless Mike in the way?
Might be Endless Mike.
Is it Rick Gomez?
Get at us, Rick Gomez. Lift the van.
The problem, I think the hardest part about this campaign, and it has been difficult and
challenging for me in mind, the problem is that I'm also trying to get into the movie
Trolls 2 or Trolls Will 2 or now if you prefer. So I can only tap resources that I don't think
necessarily will aid me in getting into the movie Trolls 2. So I am trying to keep these two.
I can't put the full force of my efforts behind it.
Have you guys ever thought about the fact that the three of us are basically living
our lives as if they are big dumb Christmas lists made by large children who are just like,
I want to be in Trolls and I want the Pete and Pete 3 on DVD and I want to be Jimmy
Buffett's best friend and I want to do a high five to Emilio Estevez. And it's like,
whatever forces govern sort of the universe are like, okay, let's see what we can do.
Let's see what we can do to get you in the picture.
It really makes me think that like the McElroy brothers, not the three of us,
but I mean the idea of us, our careers might be dying and everyone's just really nice to us.
No doubt about that. Yeah, I've seen the numbers. I've seen the figures.
Let's get into the questions before we do one quick update. I think I just gave myself
food poisoning with the old hot dogs I ate for lunch. Now they're from 4th of July.
I know they're from 4th of July and they were still in the package. I figured they were okay,
but I'm starting to feel, you know how you start to like feel it and I'm just starting to feel it.
So let's get going. And I just wanted to set you guys up for that. We might have to stop.
Okay. Well, I consider myself ward now, I guess. Good.
Let's get into it. Here's our first question. I live on the third floor of an apartment building.
One day after coming home from a run, the lady who lives on the bottom left of my building
whispered, come here, and gestured to her door. As I walked to her door, she went inside and I
waited outside for a couple of minutes. And then she came back with a box of chocolates.
But before she could hand them to me, she asked me where I live. I told her I lived on the top
right of our building. She then frowned, shook her head and put the box of chocolates away.
She told me she thought I was the woman who lived on the top left and then closed the door.
I couldn't have eaten the chocolate anyway, but I was very sad that she took them away.
The woman she was talking about looks nothing like me anyway. What did the woman across from me
do to deserve chocolate? How do I prove to the old lady that I am also deserving of chocolate?
That's from Sad About Sweets in San Diego. Now, normally this is an advice show,
but Sad About Sweets has asked us to dip our toes into what? Prognostication?
Mind reading?
More like life coaching, I think.
Yeah, I got some life coaching and it's, I can highlight four different places you fucked up
so bad. It's almost a one per sentence, which is a pretty good ratio. Let's see, a stranger opens
the door in your apartment building and they say from their room, come here, and then you oblige,
that's one, that's one, that's one off the bat. They hand out some chocolate and then they pull
it back real quick and you continue staying there, that's two. They say, where do you live, you
answer three.
This is, listen, I know it's too late to pick a theme for 2018, but I think part of it should be,
don't tell anyone where you live, unless they know, unless they know.
In general, they don't give you the chocolate, which you couldn't have eaten anyway,
but you were still sad about. The fact that you were sad about that you didn't eat these
neurotoxin filled chocolates is like wild to me. It is wild to me. Do you want to know what the
person did that lived on the floor above on the left over them where they live on the bottom left,
they stomp it too loud. They do a stomp and they do a dance and it's too loud.
They do the stomp when the neighbor's parent is trying to sleep and now they're having to die
for it.
Yeah, and they're having to eat the neurotoxin to get very, very, very sick forever. It's weird
because you're so good, but you're also so bad and you got to just take a look at it and think
a little bit better when you think your thoughts when people sort of confront you with a situation
like this.
I will also say, one of my favorite, like top 10 favorite things about being an adult
is I no longer have to earn candy from it. Like, I don't have to go trick or treating.
I don't have to like hope that somebody in my class splurges on buying everybody those four
chocolate, peanuts, Valentine's things. Like if I want candy, I can just go get it.
No question.
So the idea of wasting a single thought after this of like, I have to be living a day. No,
if you want something, go get it. You don't have to take handouts from anybody.
I watched one of those YouTube movies where they made skittles, but like in a kitchen,
and I said, man, those look good. And it was about 1130 at night. I was like, wow,
those look really tasty. And I was like, oh, that's right. I'm 31. And I went and I got
in the car, drove to the gas station, got some skittles, came home, ate them all.
Had a hard time going to sleep because all the skittle energy inside of me, but I did
it because I could.
Sold my Spanish teacher some skittles for a fundraiser once. And later I asked how they
were. She said they're really good, but they're so sweet. She had to cut them in half.
Whoa.
She's a thrilling woman.
That doesn't make, I guess, unless you're eating them half at a time.
Hey, you own a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that, Griff.
All right. All right. I mean, this one was sent in by Adrian Calles. Thanks, Adrian.
It's an anonymous Yahoo answer user, but I'll call him the Geico Lizard asks,
what would you do if someone laughed at your telescope?
Oh man. Tell me about it.
Oh, you're just trying to get away from the jocks on earth by putting your head in the
clouds up in the stars, looking at God's great creation, checking out some of your favorite
constellations. I'm talking about Virgo and Sagittarius and all the great ones. Gemini
is up there too.
The big ones.
Then all of a sudden, a bigger scientist comes over and says like, oh, is that it?
You may as well be using a little paper towel tube, you little putts.
And that makes me feel like shit.
I think the worst case scenario would be like, you're looking through your telescope,
you look at like Mercury or Venus or whatever, and you see an alien with a telescope that's way
nicer than yours. And you can see through your telescope, though it's a little blurry, that alien
talking to their friends and pointing at you and laughing.
Oh no.
And you're like, there's life out there and they think I'm a dingus.
Yeah, they've like written on the face of Neptune, like huff my shorts, Daryl.
Ow, that would hurt so bad. You spend your whole life dreaming of like, oh, I wonder if there are
aliens. And you're like, there are, and they're making fun of me. Oh.
I don't like when people feel the need to point out that my telescope is made of cardboard
and has no lenses in it and does not increase the distance that I can see.
No, it's just a cardboard tube.
And I can't, I don't know how to get one of the big telescopes. And if I did spend the money on
it, I wouldn't know how to use it. So can a kid just have some fun with a cardboard tube,
pretend he's a space pirate looking for his next celestial plunder?
Yeah, I don't see any problem with that juice. That's just an imagination.
That's what I call that.
I think I'll get off my case about it.
I think a power move, if somebody was like, oh, that's a real dinky telescope,
you just suddenly tip it towards the ground and say, it's a microscope, asshole.
And now they look dumb.
I just added upside down for a second so I could polish the lens.
Now you look stupid, Steve.
You know what I'm going to use this to look at? Your dignity.
Because it's minuscule now.
Got them.
You do that with their muscles too. Like, oh, I guess it is because I'm looking at your
muscles and there's nothing there, noodles.
You can make fun of how weak they are because they don't have any muscles.
You can't see them even with a really good, a decent telescope. It's not the best.
It's not great.
Yeah, so there's a lot of things you can do with a telescope bully to hurt them.
Maybe shine light through one end so it magnifies it.
Oh, a laser beam.
No, wait, hold on.
No, that doesn't work. That's not right.
I'm thinking of a magnifying glass.
Could you tell them that this is a model of one that you are going to order and that the
salesman is so eager to book this sale that he brought you a model of the one you're considering
so you can really see if it's the right fit for you.
Because you're such a whale, but they're so happy to get you.
They're like really buttering you up.
They left one of their samples there with you.
Ooh, or maybe like scratch like in the Tyson in it.
And then when someone's like, that's a dinky telescope, like, oh, is it?
And then spin it around.
They're like, oh shit, that was Neil deGrasse Tyson's telescope.
And it's not true, of course.
You say, yes, I stole it from him.
I made it mine because I took it.
So now I see the stars.
Yeah, he's dropped off, hadn't he?
Haven't seen him doing his tweets lately.
It's sort of holier than thou space tweets.
Well, that's because he doesn't know how to see it anymore because I took his favorite
telescope.
So only I can see the moon.
And now I'm the space king.
So you could take your telescope and hit it against their telescope until a break.
So you'd be like, hmm, it seems like both our telescopes are now bad.
Seems like we both have bad telescopes.
How do telescopes work, Justin?
Here's one thing you could trick.
They have two different glasses on.
Here's something you could try.
When they're not, they make fun of it and you turn around, like they just hurt your
feelings because they're right before your telescope.
And I bet when you turn around, they probably even go harder on it.
You know what I mean, like they're like making fun of even the color and the second rate
brand of your telescope.
And then when you turn around, you hold it up and what have you written there on the
telescope?
It's their name.
And it's like, I think this one is your telescope and I was keeping it for you for a second.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were saying this telescope is you when you were making fun of yourself.
Okay, third possibility.
It's also, well, I got it for you as a gift.
That's a good one because you could do you have so many options you do once you pull
off the move.
Another thing you could do is as you're looking at telescope and something comes on says,
hey, shithead dumb telescope, you kind of pull away from it and smile and look at him.
You just kind of stand there smiling and they're like, what are you smiling at?
And then a meteor hits them and kills them.
It's pretty good.
That's a good move.
And you walk away whistling.
Don't worry, be happy.
That's a pretty good move.
And it's like the end of my sort of like science coming of age movie.
How about another question?
Would you all be okay with that?
Greetings, brothers.
I frequently go hiking, but my legs are very long and I often find myself passing slower
hikers.
I don't like to raise my voice, especially out in the serenity of the wild.
So usually just try stomping my feet real hard to get their attention.
What?
Very often, though, people have headphones in or just don't hear me stomping and I end
up shouting, hey, or excuse me, just before I pass them to avoid getting punched.
This tends to scare the hell out of people.
And I'm wondering if there's something I could be doing differently.
Do I need to speak up as soon as I see them?
Should I carry a cowbell with me?
That's from Sneakings Too Easy in East Tennessee.
This is great.
Who are these people going hiking with headphones on?
How are you going to hear bears and shit?
No, they're listening to bears.
Wait, what?
Yeah, they're listening to bear sound playlist on Spotify, just because you're not always
seeing bears.
So if you want a 24-7 bear experience.
Griffin, I meant for safety, not for enjoyment.
Like, no, I went hiking and I didn't see any bears.
Well, that's good.
A bear is dangerous, but the sound they make is beautiful.
Beautiful choir.
Is the impetus on Tennessee for making their hiking trails so conducive to sneakers?
It seems like they need to have maybe some more mirrors on the trail and some more sort
of crackly tinder, perhaps.
Is that something that's an option?
Crackly tinder?
Just like tinder, like leaves and branches, you know, tinder.
Like, I'm using it like a fire sense, but like, you know, leaves and branches on the
forest floor.
The crunchy stuff.
The crunchy stuff.
More croutons, more pretzels, more peanut shells.
Thank you.
More melba toast there on the floor.
You know, crunchy things.
The crunchy stuff.
You know.
I love this question so much.
There seems to be like a broad category of flawed human interaction and that it starts
with like baseline level, you're at the grocery store and you're walking towards a person
and you both overcorrect, like you both try to get out of each other's way but keep getting
in each other's way and you do it like nine times.
Just sort of moving around other human beings is a real fucked up bad process, it feels
like.
And this is the pinnacle of that, I think, because you are already in sort of a heightened
sort of like nature defense state when you're out on the trails.
Can I admit something about the little grocery store shuffle?
I am somebody who is desperate for human emotion, or human connection rather.
What?
I live, like I work out of my house, right?
So like when I leave the house and especially if like my family's not around that day or
whatever, I leave the house it's like, oh, people.
But I'm also like an incredibly awkward person in like a social sense.
There is nothing that I delight in, dare I say, revel in as the grocery store shuffle
because just for a moment I have a connection with another person that is based on the both
of us fucking up.
And wow, and that is so, not me fucking up and dropping a big jar of pickles on my foot
and everybody's having a laugh.
That's a connection of another sort.
This is one where we both, we've started this conversation with the phrase, I'm human, I'm
fallible, I'm Justin, what's up?
Justin to that same point, my favorite, that kind of connection, my favorite connection
is the entirely perceived connection.
So like when you find yourself similarly at a grocery store going the opposite direction
of someone else, so you keep like meeting in the middle of aisles, so by the end of
it, you have not interacted at all, but you have become familiar with them.
Yes, very aware.
I love that.
Or like if you're on a long stretch of highway and like you and the same car kind of keep
passing each other, you have not like spoken.
You don't know who that is, but you're like, you and me, red car, we're in this together.
That's real, that's real love.
The card thing is like, that's where like 50% of marriages get started.
The other 50% is like, I'm at match.com.
Another road phenomenon, I just drove to and back Cincinnati in like 48 hours, so I've
been on the road quite a bit.
Another road phenomenon I was thinking about today, this is sort of in the same category
of like interactions with strangers.
Isn't it a weird moment where you watch someone be a total fucking idiot in the driving capacity
for I mean, miles and miles.
It could go on for like a long time and you just watch someone do the dumbest shit.
They're like tailgating trucks.
They can't see them and cutting you off.
And there's that there's a moment if you pass them where you get to look over and you're
like, I'm about to see what the stupidest fucking person on earth looks like.
And you're imagining in your head like how dumb they're gonna look and what a piece of
shit and how mean and stupid and petty their face is gonna be.
It's always a let down.
They never look as hateful and like a literal.
It's never like the Noyb.
It's never like Oscar the Grouch like, that's right, I drive too.
OK, we're so far away from it.
What what what's the solution?
I will answer this.
Why is it your responsibility that other people have made themselves so murderable?
Why are you you're letting them pass the buck on to you and making you they should be trying
to not get murdered and that is not your problem.
They need to have their head on a swivel.
It's not fair.
It's not fair.
But if I was this person, I was walking around listening to my bear sounds and I was on the
trail and, you know, I got those primal instincts just flowing through me.
And then I shaped that wasn't there before.
And suddenly is there inches away from me to my side trying to pass me?
I would I would react with a startled, you know, roundhouse kick.
And that's not that's not fair.
But that's the situation.
So can you just sort of sprint like when you get close to a person?
Can you just run past them real fast?
And the fun thing about that is you can also look back and look really scared as if something's
chasing you.
I do like that.
Do you really want to give someone the experience of looking behind them and seeing a long legged
monster sprinting at them?
Now you're in front of them.
You're in front of them at that point.
There's a scary monster behind them, though.
What if OK, what if rather than sprinting past them?
I'm just when you get close enough, you do a really like ballet leap.
That's just like super fucking graceful.
And out of the corner of their eye, they're just like a deer, a gazelle.
Oh, I wouldn't punch that.
Right.
And they're like, no, that was just an amazing human being.
And then you're off.
That's a good point.
You do a little Lion King makeup.
Yes.
You know what?
Lean into it.
Yeah, borrow that Lion King makeup from the musical and do like an antelope and just go
springing through the right past them.
They'll be scared for a second until they see how beautiful you look and graceful.
So here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Stacy Trombone.
Thank you, Stacy.
It's from Yahoo Answers user who is anonymous.
So I'm going to call him Ted Heaton, the third State Farm agent.
Just got an ad here for Ted and he looks he looks very agreeable.
And so Ted asks, what is the right way to scold my lovebird when he does something wrong?
It's a real bird.
Yeah, we're talking about a real bird.
It's sort of a parrot, a type of parrot, like a little parrot guy.
If it wasn't though.
Oh, shit.
No, okay.
It's in category pets, birds.
So this is not like you could read this like, what is the right way to scold my lovebird?
My fucking parrot.
What's wrong, Justin?
I got an answer for you.
I decided to go ahead and give you guys this.
You know, it's so rare that we are actually helpful on this show that I just wanted to
give you guys some real helpful tips.
Okay, punish this bird.
Here's the rules of avian trading according to the sprucepets.com.
There's three.
There's just three.
And let's hope we can keep these tips straight.
Number one, never hit a bird.
Yeah, guys.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, for sure.
Definitely.
Birds are extremely fragile creatures.
Yeah, no shit.
The slightest force can cause severe injury or death.
Maybe an ostrich, I might feel comfortable hitting in an extreme circumstance.
You still shouldn't.
All right, rule number two, don't hold a grudge.
Birds are intelligent, but also very sensitive creatures.
When you express displeasure with your bird's behavior, make the lesson short and sweet.
Prolonged negative attention can cause undue emotional stress for your pet.
Rule number three is never compromise your bird's health.
Don't punish your bird by withholding food or neglecting cage cleaning.
What is the, it is so wild to me that there is a human being that is one, an owner of a bird,
and two, an owner of a bird that thinks that they're going to let their bird live in filth
to inspire it to better its existence.
Like, it's a bird.
So how, this, they're so delicate.
They're so, so delicate.
We're not gonna punch him.
We've got that.
What is the right way then to scold my lovebird when he does something wrong?
Oh, you know what?
Maybe love more.
Maybe say like, I understand why you're doing this.
It's my fault.
That's probably the right answer, yeah.
But the better answer I think is to, they're probably in a cage.
Put their cage right in front of the TV.
Put it on episode of Frasier.
And then right when it's like two minutes from done, you stop it.
Oh, it's gonna be stuck in their head all week.
But how did he get out of this one?
And you can keep doing that with the whole series.
But you would go like in the bathroom and finish the last couple minutes yourself.
Because you don't want to.
Don't subject yourself to that kind of torture.
You didn't refuse to eat seeds.
The bird did.
Yeah, so.
Yeah, you didn't yell so loud that your cousin woke up.
The bird did that.
So the bird deserves the Frasier blue balls, but not you.
Because you didn't yell that so loud your cousin woke up from a big nap.
An important nap that caused them to work the night shift.
And you know they were tired, but it wasn't you.
You didn't shit in one of your Burger King Batman Forever collectible mugs.
Your bird did.
The bird did that.
And your bird can't pretend like they didn't know that cup was important to you.
They clearly know how to speak English.
And they know how you feel about Jim Carrey as the Riddler.
So you can wash it, but then the frosting of the mug is gonna come off.
Thank you.
Yeah, nobody wants to talk about it, but it's true.
Let's take a break real quick and go over to the Money Zone.
How would that treat you guys?
Okay, let's go.
I want to tell you about my unders.
Yeah.
As it is colloquially known.
Your dumpster, your dumpster card.
What?
Your dumpster card.
It guards your dumpster.
I would like to tell you about my caboose cover.
All right, MeUndies is our sponsor.
Okay, well, it's true.
They probably want us to say the name of their company.
I mean, it's a Venn diagram.
They make a hell of a dumpster guard, but that's not the name of the company.
If you've listened to four episodes of My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
you've probably heard us talk about MeUndies at least once.
And they are my favorite underpants.
And it's not just underpants.
They've got brassiere options.
They've got pants options.
They've got a really great hoodie, like zip up hoodie.
Their socks are incredible.
So for right now, I want you to stop what you're doing.
Go to meundies.com and take a look.
And I'm going to make it even better for you
because we have a deal for our listeners.
First time purchasers are going to get 15% off their first pair of MeUndies
and free shipping that's 15% off plus free shipping and 100% satisfaction guarantee.
So go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
Get 15% off your first pair, free shipping.
Go meundies.com slash my brother.
Hell yeah.
Hey, can I tell you about Quip?
Not unless you love it more than I do, which is unlikely.
Okay, why don't you tell me about Quip?
You know, most toothbrush brands focus on selling flashy gimmicks
rather than better brushing, but not Quip.
Quip is a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes
and packs premium vibrations for a perfect two minute clean.
Plus the guiding pulses remind you when to switch sides
and they'll deliver new brush heads on a dentist recommended schedule
every three months for just $5, including free shipping worldwide.
I've been using my Quip for quite a few months.
I love so much about it.
One, no dumb charger.
You just put in a battery and it works for months.
It has a case that flips over and goes onto the top
and it turns it into a travel case.
Otherwise, it's like a very discreet stand
that you can actually use this reusable adhesive
to stick to something to get it out of the way.
The pulses are nice.
They remind you to brush.
The subscription thing is so cool
because who remembers every three months
to change your toothbrush?
You don't.
But Quip shows up with a fresh battery
with a head for the toothbrush.
It's like, hey, I don't want to be weird about it,
but it's nasty now and you should get a new one.
And then you do and it's easy.
You don't have to go to the drugstore or anything.
You just get it and use it and it's nice to use.
It looks great.
I don't know.
I love this toothbrush.
Quip starts at just $25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash my brother right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free
with a Quip electric toothbrush.
It's spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother.
Check it out.
You will not be disappointed.
Hey, how about a Jumbotron?
Okay, this one's for JP or perhaps Jape.
And it's from Meg who tells Jape,
happy first anniversary, my baby.
That's M-Y-B-B-Y, one word.
So my baby.
This past year has been the best ever from an adorable role
for initiative first date to buying us a house.
I couldn't ask for a better life partner.
Also, thank you for letting me cry so much
because you are my emotional vacuum.
I love you and I like you.
Your baby.
Your baby.
Good love here.
And one, it sounds like very, very eventful year
from first date to buying a house.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations and that's just a great partnership.
I would give it a 10 out of 10, so.
Well, I'm gonna say 9.9 out of 10
because I always like to leave a little bit of room there.
So that someone's like, yeah, we did really good.
But you know what?
Let's work on our communication and maybe buy some more plates.
Yeah, it's aspirational.
Yeah, it still gives people a thing to shoot for.
This next message is from Michael and Jesse
and it's for Jackson Yoder.
Dear Jackson, may you always puff the fattest clouds
in 2018 and beyond.
That's great.
Happy birthday, my dude, from your companions in sadness,
Michael and Jesse.
And if you're enjoying a vape right now,
let's just do one, a big rip, just sort of across the country.
Let them see like, you know what I'm saying?
Cotton across America.
Just like around the world.
Cover this country in cloud and Jackson will know what's up.
Three, two, one, rip and blow that shit.
Yes.
Justin, you want to read this next one?
Hell yeah.
This is for the KGB from Murphy.
It says, we have an event or a booth or elections or something.
I'm so glad to share this wonderful macro content
with you guys.
Thank you for making my ears at CMU so amazing and memorable.
Keep being the awesome people you are
and I'll see you as soon as you can build a structural house
in less than a week.
Motion to purple and get faux.
Man, there is just a lot of coded language in that one.
Is that actually for the KGB?
Maybe it's, that's a nerve pain.
It might have been.
That's cool though, if it is, because it's like,
now we're part of it, you know?
That's the big conspiracy, I guess.
Yeah, we can't get back out at this point.
Now we're too deep in it.
Too deep, way too deep.
Real exciting and also, I think you said,
thanks for making my ears at CMU so amazing.
No, I didn't.
My ears, there's two Y sounds.
You said ears and so I just wanted to-
We did say ears.
It did sound like it.
So I just wanted to dunk on you real fast.
Okay, listen to it.
My ears.
Sky high!
Okay, you say it together at a reasonable pace.
At a reasonable pace, sure, thank you all for making my ears.
Okay, do you see what you did there?
Sky high, half court!
Completely unnatural, no one talks like that.
Beginning this summer,
you can listen to new episodes of Inside Pop every other week
for an even deeper dive inside the world of pop culture.
Now we're still bringing you our brilliant insight,
always on the nose opinions,
and insider-y inside information
on the most interesting pop culture stories of the week.
And we'll also have interviews with the pop culture professionals
who create the culture you crave.
For example, we'll speak to casting directors
about how they find the right talent for the right role.
We'll talk to music supervisors
about how they choose the music to create the right mood.
And we'll grill producers,
we'll discuss what exactly a producer does.
Oh man, Sean, how many times has someone said to you,
oh, you're a producer, so what do you actually do?
So. Many. Times.
Same here.
So make sure to catch Inside Pop every other Wednesday
on Maximum Fun to indulge your pop culture obsessions.
And to hear in-depth interviews from the movers and the shakers
in TV, music, film, and more.
Next question.
Next question.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
That's not a question.
That's not a question.
God in heaven, oh no.
The corn remix is brilliant.
I want a munch!
What?
Too much!
I don't care about that at all!
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
I know.
The Hummus and PitaCo prepares to launch Hummus ice cream.
It's coming.
Didn't we do the Hummus milkshake?
We did do that in Detroit, so no one will ever hear it
because it was part of our Star Wars show.
On the heels of the successful May launch of the first Hummus shake,
I'm so glad to hear it went well, by the way.
And also, I should have mentioned this earlier,
you can do the Hummus shake.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
Remember that meme?
Yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure.
The brand's first ice cream will be available at the Hummus and PitaCo's
Chelsea location beginning on National Ice Cream Day,
have they no shame, this Sunday, July 15th,
oops, at all locations beginning August 1st.
Okay, so you still have time to prepare.
It's all natural and made with good-for-you ingredients
like protein-packed chickpeas, real tahini, and pure vanilla.
The four available flavors get their sweetness only from ripe dates
and creaminess from either almond milk or coconut cream.
The indulgent chocolate flavor is made with almond milk.
Their goal here, as near as I can tell,
is to talk long enough that you forget that they put hummus in your ice cream.
Yeah, sure.
Gotcha.
Straight out, though, can I tell you fool something?
The idea of like sweet hummus, I'm on board.
Graham crackers and chocolate hummus.
I've heard it's good, I've heard it's good.
I've had dessert hummus, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying it's just a lot of hummus to eat.
It's just the idea, I just have a problem with,
I put a scoop of hummus on this cone, do you want to enjoy it?
I'm sure it's very delicious.
Sometimes you sit down in front of some hummus
and maybe you're talking with friends.
For me, the best time to have hummus and suddenly like all the hummus is gone
and you realize like I just ate a shit ton of hummus.
Maybe that's what this is for.
Like, oh, I accidentally ate a lot of hummus.
I am.
The quote is very good on this one.
It's from founder Dave Pesso.
We never get them from the top.
And this one comes straight from the top from Dave.
We were so blown away by the popularity of the hummus shake.
Indeed.
Yes, I would imagine.
Yes, that we knew we had to keep inventing new treats, says founder Dave Pesso.
This all started when I developed the dessert hummus
as a healthier alternative for my daughter.
And the response from my family was so great
that we wanted to share it with the hummus and pita co-guests.
As a prank, as a goof.
The fiction that Dave wants you to believe is he's at home from his day job
of being the founder of the hummus and pita co-guests.
He invents dessert hummus at his house
and then as an afterthought decides to add it to the menu of his hummus company.
Oh, and make some delicious hummus.
Oh, you know who would like this?
Do you know who would like this?
The fucking company I founded that has hummus in the name.
Are you fucking with me, Dave?
Hey guys, I've got a weird thing to pitch at this board meeting.
You know how we make hummus?
Yeah, you're all nodding, okay?
I made some hummus.
Do you think we could maybe sell it?
Who would I talk to about getting, oh, me?
It's me?
Okay, great.
Great idea, self.
It is also so good, the idea that Dave Pesso would make a treat
that he would foist on his daughter,
but it may not be good enough for the guests of the hummus and pita company.
It's just good enough for his family.
And here's what you don't know is that he also made her a hummus dog
and a hummus bed and bought her her first hummus car.
His hummus.
I bet it tastes fine though.
I bet it tastes good.
I bet it tastes good.
It's just a lot.
I enjoy hummus and I've heard good reviews of the sweet hummus.
It's just, for me, it's the removal of the act of dipping
that then makes it hummus shake, hummus ice cream.
I'm sure they taste good.
I still know that I am scooping heaping helpings
of just pure chickpea sort of mash into my gob.
And that's the thing I have trouble sort of getting over, I guess.
But wait, they call it ice cream.
Is it non-dairy?
It sounds like it.
It sounds like it's just chickpeas and vanilla and tahini
and almond milk or coconut cream.
Yeah, I see.
It's dairy.
It's gluten-free, dairy-free, and vegan.
Fuck, I bet this would go down real smooth.
Okay, this might be the first Munch Squad you've done
where I'm like, all right, I might fuck with this.
I think it's only in New York,
but we're going to be there after it launches.
Let's get over there.
Let's give it a shot.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, do it.
Okay, this one was sent in by virtually every person
who emailed us this week.
I've not seen a consensus like this in some time.
It's from another question mark user, so I'm going to call him.
Four dogs working together to use a computer asks,
would you be embarrassed if someone tried to kill you in public?
Oh, golly, is my face red?
You're at the party and there's a bunch of college drinking,
going on party and dancing, listening to LMFAO,
just the staple college party stuff.
And then Screamface smashes in through the window
and you're like, ah, fuck, I'm so sorry.
I will pay for the window.
This guy sucks ass and I'm so sorry.
I did not invite him.
He keeps trying to do a killing to me and it sucks.
I'll leave.
He's going to chase me down into the tunnel,
but then he gets lost in the tunnel and he gets really tired
because he's like not good at killing.
So I can be back here in like a half hour.
I could actually swing by Super America
and pick up another 18 pack of Coors.
Okay, bye.
All right, see you, I gotta go.
Ah, see, I was picturing more of like you're walking through
perhaps like a square in Venice.
It's beautiful buildings everywhere.
Perhaps you're walking through like an outdoor cafe
where people are sipping their espressos
and suddenly as a sniper shoots you from atop a cathedral,
they miss, but you're really embarrassed.
Oh, everybody looks up from their espressos
and they're like, who are you?
And you're like, oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, please get back to your espressos.
I just, I have some international secrets.
I'm Doug Born and let's just say I'm sort of a hot target
for the, you name it, man.
CIA, KGB, I'm the other Born, Doug Born.
Do you want to see me jump super high?
Do you think Damon has the guts
to start a movie called Doug Born Hot Target?
If I saw that in the DVD shelf,
I might still give it the pass on by,
but I'd give it a good think about real quick.
I was doing some reading about the Borns.
Did y'all know they made one
and they didn't want to do the director
they'd done for the other ones?
And so Matt Damon from The Martian said,
no, I don't, I'm not going to be in it
because I love that director.
And so they said, okay, we'll get Jeremy Renner instead
and just Jason Bourne won't be in this Jason Bourne movie.
So really the idea of Doug Born Hot Target has precedent
and it would be a Bourne movie without the right Bourne in it.
He's the wrong Bourne,
sort of the man who knew too little situation
just stumbling around.
That one didn't even have,
the Bourne legacy didn't even have any Bournes, right?
It's like Bourne Free.
Bourne Free would have been a way better title.
Bourne Free would have been good.
I think at one point somebody saw the back
of Jason Bourne's head and said, Jason Bourne?
But then he was gone and that's how they tied it in.
Yes, I would be pretty embarrassed, I guess.
I would be embarrassed because of me.
I would probably not make some great noises.
Right.
If I was running away from the It Follows monster.
Because you think about the It Follows monster
and you think like, wow, that must suck,
having to constantly stay on the run.
But then you also got to think about sort of,
you're at the grocery store and you're walking down the aisle
and there's another person walking down the aisle towards you
and you go to the left and they go to the left
and you go to the right and they go to the right
and you're like, I need you to get the fuck out of the way
because if this thing touches me,
it's gonna fuck my body up.
It sort of adds multiple layers to it.
That or they are actually the It Follows monster
and they're just stopping at the store.
If there's one thing I know about the It Follows monster,
it's that it follows.
And so I've never seen it, so I don't know at what distance,
but it's not called the It Catches monster.
Oh no, oh Trav, It does a catch in the movie.
Oh, it does?
Oh boy, it does a big catch.
Then it's really misnamed.
It should be called the It Catches You monster.
Yeah, it wants to and when it does.
Yowza.
Yeah, it ain't pretty.
You gotta see that movie, Trav, it bangs, dude.
Is it scary?
Oh fucking yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Then I'm not gonna watch it, why would I do that?
Anyway, this has been our movie review segment.
I work at a very successful startup
with a casual atmosphere and very friendly people.
Net Nanny.
What?
It's Net Nanny, the company's Net Nanny.
The startup Net Nanny?
Yeah, they're still trying to get some investors.
They think like a startup and that's why they've been so successful.
Y'all ever think about Net Nanny 2018?
I don't think it exists anymore,
but there is a period where we were like,
I don't want all the internet.
Some of it's real dirty.
Can I, hi, as Justin McElroy,
a 37 year old man in the year 2018,
can I get Net Nanny?
Because I would love to have less of it.
If you could give me less of it.
I need an adult to tell me like,
to be the voice of reason of like,
this is, you don't get all the internet you want.
Here's the internet you need and that's all you can have.
I need like one eighth of Wikipedia and Club Penguin
and I am good to go.
Everything else is just a fucking distraction.
Anyway, we have a large open office
with an employee kitchen in the center.
Oftentimes you'll be getting a coffee or your lunch
and another employee will walk in and do their own thing.
Usually there's a polite, how high are you?
And that's it.
However, there is one employee,
a higher up with the company who also does this,
but instead of moving on after the greeting,
stares at me expectantly, waiting for more to be said
when there never is more to be said.
He then says, well, I guess that's the end
of that conversation.
Christ almighty.
And continues to do his thing in the kitchen around me.
Holy fucking shit.
This also isn't a one-time thing per employee.
He has done this to me and others multiple times.
This is monstrous.
What should I and the rest of my office do
when confronted with this awkward character
that's anxious in the Big Apple?
Oh my God.
We've been in the game long enough
that I worry now people don't even want help.
They just want like us to take a little of the load.
They're just trying to take a couple of the packs
that they have and sling them onto our backs.
Just a little help on the road.
Our rind has been toughened by doing this podcast.
So I think we can haul a little bit more
than the average bear.
But good Lord, this person's a literal demon.
An absolute demon.
All right, what can we do?
What I think you should do is they walk up
and they say, hey, how's your day going?
And you say, well, I guess that's the end
of that conversation.
And you walk away because they can't do it.
What if you just skip the middle and you say,
well, thank you for asking.
And then you walk away.
Because that acknowledges like, hey, I appreciate you,
which is probably exactly what they want of you.
But you don't have to say anything more than that.
Or say, you know what?
That's not what matters.
So what matters here is how are you?
Justin, I'd like to role play this out with you.
Oh, happily.
Yeah, for sure.
You say to me, I have an idea.
You say to me, how are you?
Okay.
This as far as the script goes?
Yeah, that's what you say.
And then I have a response.
We're going to see how it works.
What do I do?
What can I be?
King Griffin.
Griffin, you be Jim in the back.
Jim Halpert, make us a coffee.
How about Griffin has just made a delivery
and he's saying his goodbyes to everyone
and then he'll see us again soon.
And then our scene will commence directly
after Griffin's goodbyes.
Oh, I like that.
And where do we work?
Can we get a suggestion from the audience?
Staples!
Staples!
I heard Staples.
Okay.
Staples corporate.
All right.
Okay.
Oh, I got a delivery here.
It's for the rest of the Staples.
Staples.
And go ahead and sign here for me.
That is a nice place you all have here.
Oh, thank you.
Can you mind if I use your toilet?
Oh, we don't have one.
Huh?
We don't have one?
Well, I see you got a big open elevator shaft over there.
Do you mind if I sort of figure it out in there?
Yeah, go for it.
Jeffrey said we don't have a toilet.
That means we don't have a toilet.
Are you saying my friend Delip is a liar?
No, yeah.
No, I believe you.
I'm just going to use the big elevator shaft.
Go piss in the elevator shaft.
That's what we all do.
No, it's the other one.
You can do that in the elevator shaft too.
Hey, I have a question before you go.
Yeah.
If you are a hot dog.
Yeah, great.
Okay.
Yeah, I haven't heard anything like this before in my life.
So go ahead and keep talking.
Like, I don't know if it's a reference to something.
I don't know what it is.
So I just assume you're having a conversation with me
because I don't know it.
Just a quick time out for people at home.
This is going exactly how I thought
it would play out in this scenario.
So hope someone's taking notes.
Okay, time in.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I don't have a TV or anything.
So I miss a lot of references.
So I just assume right now you're telling me that
you're a big hot dog enthusiast.
So go ahead and keep going.
Would you eat yourself?
Wow, that's a hell of a question.
Yeah, it's a good question.
I've never heard that either.
Probably not because I recently ate old 4th of July hot dogs.
I'm pretty sure I have food poisoning right now.
Hence the sort of elevator shaft panic.
So that's a no.
When I play a character a lot of times.
Oh, wait, hold on.
Is this a time out?
I don't know if this is another time out.
Okay, time out, time out.
When I play a character,
I guess it just kind of accidentally sounded
a little bit like Will Ferrell's impression of Harry Caray.
Oh, is that what it was?
And then I just kind of want to do a bit from that.
Okay.
No, I got that.
I definitely got that.
It's just that Avery, my character, didn't know that.
Okay, well let's-
Here's the weird thing.
My character, Delip, did get it, but me, Travis, didn't.
Can we get back into the scene?
Yeah, let's get back in.
All right, have you left yet, Griffin?
I guess so.
Are you really that tired of Avery?
Time out, time out, time out, time out.
Do you want Avery to leave?
No, I actually think Avery is bringing a lot to the scene,
but I feel like the tone of Avery's exit
has to match the rising tone of our scene.
So maybe Avery can, Avery can always reenter, Griffin.
I mean, we found that test audiences really enjoy Avery.
I'd rather not.
So we're willing to make it kind of the Urkel character
of the whole thing.
Yeah, okay.
Time in.
Later, suckers.
I'm crotch-chopping.
So how are you?
I know, right?
Ding.
The elevator got the doors open, no car.
Sure enough, this thing is empty as hell.
Well, here I go.
Can I get a spotter?
I'm just, or does somebody have a belt I can use
to kind of tie myself to this guardrail?
Because I'm really, oh no!
We find out in episode two that he survived
because he landed on the pile of shit
from previous times people had used it.
It's a real Shawshank situation.
Let's end this fucking show.
Thank you so much for listening to my brother.
My brother and me, we hope you have enjoyed yourself
half as much as we have.
We are gonna be headed out on the road
for a book tour this week as you're,
this week as the crow flies as you're listening to this.
Most of those are sold out,
but I think we do have some tickets available
for the Cincinnati show.
That's gonna be on Wednesday the 18th at the Taft.
You can get tickets to that at mcroyshows.com forward slash tours
as well as our show in Orlando and Atlanta
on August 31st and September 1st, respectively.
So go get tickets to those and we hope to see you there.
I have something to say real quick
because this is the episode, yeah, the week of it.
So San Diego Comic-Con is this weekend.
We do the Adventure Zone thing Friday night
and then Saturday I am doing autographing
with Dad and Carrie Peach,
who is the artist on the Adventure Zone graphic novel
from 11 to noon at table AA19.
It is ticketed, tickets are free, I believe,
but it is a limited number of tickets for that.
I'm also doing one with the cast of Maximum Funds Bubble,
which I am a member of, one to 145 at table AA08.
Once again, that is ticketed.
And then from two to three, we're doing a panel,
the Adventure Zone graphic novel of me, Dad, and Carrie Peach
moderated by Jackie Jennings,
who was one of the story producers
on the My Brother, My Brother, Me TV show.
Oh, hell yeah.
Location is 28DE, so that's hall 28DE.
And then five to six on Saturday,
I'm doing a panel with Maximum Funds Bubble.
And the location for that is Neil Morgan Auditorium,
San Diego Central Library.
One more Sunday, 10 a.m. to 11 a.m.,
How to Be a Nerd for a Living panel,
Breaking Into Careers in Geek Culture.
And that's location grand one and two,
Marriott Marquis, San Diego Marina.
So come to those.
And you might also probably just like see me around.
Yeah, but not us, because we're fucking out of there.
We're taking off, we're scooting.
I might not make it to next week, actually,
depending on how the next couple days goes.
Because of the hot dogs?
Yeah, so thanks to Maximum Funds
for having us on the network, though.
You can go to maximumfund.org
and check out all the great shows.
It's shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself
and The Flop House and Story Break
and Switchblade Sisters, all on Maximum Fund.
And you can check out other stuff we do at mcroyshows.com.
And thanks to John Roderick in the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
And is there anything else?
Uh, mcroymerch.com.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Anything else?
No, that's it.
Here's one that's sent in by Jordan Brandon.
It's our final Yahoo of the Day.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
Has gone wrong.
So I'm gonna call them.
Amazon asks.
I mean, there's an Amazon ad and there's a Discover card ad.
But I'll say-
You did great.
No.
Amazon asks, what is the name Todd short for?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, My Brother May Kiss Your Dad.
Square on the Lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, I'm Paula Poundstone.
And I'm Adam Felber.
Adam, I haven't gotten one thing done today.
Well, let me see your to-do list.
Ah, yeah.
Well, here.
Make 30 second promo for nobody listens to Paula Poundstone.
So at least you're getting that done.
Score!
Except you haven't said what the show is about.
We're like a comedy field guide to life starring me and you.
I give useful advice and we have real experts to talk about things like how to keep a friend
or what to do when you encounter a bear.
Bully for you, but you haven't said where people can find the show.
Oh, Maximumfun.org or wherever you find your podcasts.
