The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey everybody, welcome to Columbo Bim Bam. My name is Justin McElroy.
My name is Travis McElroy.
My name's Kid Vid, which is, which, my Christian name is Griffin McElroy, the baby's brother.
And Kid Vid is like his, his like vacation, uh, nom de poux.
Yeah, you know how everybody has a vacation name when they're out on vacation?
For this one, I'm Kid Vid, because I'm glued to the screens.
Hey, it's Kid Vid, and this one, welcome to Columbo Bim Bam.
This is our summer series, where it's just like the Bim Bam you've come to know and love,
I hope, and, but it's kind of a major vibe.
And, you know, like we took the summer off, and we're spending our summer working at like,
you know, like a resort, and maybe like Justin's teaching volleyball,
and like Griffin's teaching, uh, beach video games, apparently, and I'm like maybe doing surfing.
And maybe like one of us has a crush on Stacey Kurose, and, you know, like we're all just hanging
out, and you used to our antics at Bayside, but now we're Oceanside.
Now it's different.
Do you remember when they made summer Coke, and they just put mangoes or whatever the fuck in
there, and the flavor was so bad that you were legally allowed to go into a convenience store
and kick over the display case.
You were legally allowed.
And in fact, if you did that, you got a free good drink of your choice from the, from the business.
They said, we're not legally allowed to do that, but thank you for freeing us from this prison.
They said, we hate, we hate summer Coke, is what they said.
But you're not gonna hate summer, uh, My Brother, My Brother, Me,
because I'm out on a beach, and I'm doing a video game seminar about Fester's Quest.
Where did he hide all the light bulbs?
Where that's the kind of thing you're gonna, uh, reach out.
And where's the, where's the, the brick sprite in the wall that you can walk through?
And there's Morticia and the husband one having sex.
Having a, you know, Puggy's up to his things.
Puggy and Wim's day.
Puggy and Wim's day.
Puggy and Wim's day are into their tricks.
Don't bring a game genie.
And there's Cousin Whom.
Don't bring a game genie into the seminar.
I will skip it across the ocean's waves and it'll be lost to Neptune's bounty.
He can break his game.
I hate video game cheaters.
There's almost as much as I hate summer Coke.
Oh, hey, it's, uh, new bim bam club bim bam guest star Miguel.
He's here to talk to us about some great cocktails for the summer.
Take it away, Miguel.
Hi, Miguel.
I hope you don't have a racist accent.
Oh boy, did you have one?
And now you're thinking of a less racist accent, Miguel?
I kind of thought Travis would be Miguel.
I was about to applaud you, Griffin, for jumping in and talking to Miguel
to excuse yourself for the sensibility of having to be Miguel.
I sort of put the bunny ears up for not having to be Miguel
in this podcast scenario that you've foisted on us.
Hi, I'm Miguel.
Hi, Miguel.
Hello, I would like to tell you about beach cocktails.
Yeah, please.
What are we working with?
Some Mai Tai, Amui Tai, something like that?
What I like to do is crack open this coconut
and then I pour it into this pineapple
and I put a shit ton of rum in there.
Hell yeah.
Can I ask why you don't just leave the coconut in the coconut
while you have to put it in another vessel?
Well, we bought a bunch of pineapples on sale
and now we need to use them before the end of the summer.
Sounds like you didn't really think that one through, Miguel.
And now you're kind of compromising the product.
Well, it's the only thing keeping this island's economy afloat, Griffin.
But sure, if you want the economy to go down, fuck these pineapples.
Do you know what the sex Easter egg in Fester's Quest for the NES?
What?
Hold on.
Time out.
No one's getting a drink for 20 minutes.
Show me this Easter egg.
Oh, it'll take me much longer than 20 minutes to find this sex Easter egg.
Keeps moving around on me.
Sunsoft, you got me again, guys.
It's like Howl's Moving Castle.
Damn, Sunsoft.
Keep the porn in one place, my guys.
Why you got to make it so hard on a preteen to find the sex Easter eggs?
It's so hard to find the sex Easter eggs in Fester's Quest.
And the game genie would make it easier.
I wish I hadn't skipped it into the ocean.
The sad thing is there's at least one person.
There's one human being listed as this who currently is thinking,
man, I still got that tape lying around.
I got to dig back into that.
That sounds like my stuff.
Find that pixelated coitus.
Boy, I love the summer months.
That's the sound of it.
How's the summer for you all?
Wait, no, I'm curious how everybody thinks it would sound.
Gumbaz Morticia from the Annabelle head sex in an NES game.
Travis, let me get this ear ears one more time.
Meep meep meep meep meep meep.
Okay, mine, I think, is more like pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow.
Mine would be like spoken through like one of those 8-bit voice modulators
that they could only get, I think, on like Sega Genesis games.
That's where they first came up with.
They're like, oh, yeah.
And it's like, what was that?
Oh, yeah, all right, sex.
Hey, Steven, can I talk to you about Fester's Quest real quick?
We're about to release it.
How did you go so far over budget?
The game, it's not that big a game, and I can't see where all the money went.
Well, there's a sound blaster chip embedded in each cartridge,
and we got that in there to really get the sex noises.
You know, you've heard of the mode 7 chip?
This is the mode 6 chip.
This is mode 16, mode 69.
Wait, there's sex in this game?
I don't know if we can put this game out.
Not for everybody.
Oh, just for those diligent children.
What's great is you find the Fester's Quest sex Easter egg,
and then Fester actually walks towards the camera until he gets very, very close,
and then he provides like a sound blaster voice chip sex lesson.
While we're saying as completely natural.
Yeah, okay, approved.
Thumbs up.
Release away.
Sounds great.
Yeah, green light.
We've gone gold, folks.
And that's how Miguel lost his job in the video game industry
and ended up slinging drinks at Club NB&B AM.
He was just so gratified that somebody had found it.
How much budget did you spend on diagrams?
Because there's a lot of pretty blocky pixels in there.
If they have to render anything with any accuracy, I feel like it'd be a little tricky.
This does explain why Fester's Quest was just like you walked through one door
and it was the kill screen.
Because apparently they put the rest of the game behind a pixelated wall.
All the spooky energy could be found just on that first little map.
Little did you know the real spooky energy was hiding behind that secret sprite.
Secret sprite was my second least favorite modified beverage
that they released for the summer.
Can we do some advice?
I can never find it.
We just spent seven minutes talking about fucking Fester's Quest,
the NES game made by Sunsoft, full of sex.
I think it was full of Sunsoft.
I've said it so many times now that it must be true.
I just want to address something really quick.
What kind of fucking misguided logic was going on for the Sunsoft corporate family
where they thought, you know what kids are like into right now?
The fucking Addams Family.
Not only that, what member of the Addams Family has the most heat right now?
Well, yeah, which one is like really?
Because here's the thing.
The Addams Family movie didn't come out until two years after Fester's Quest.
Why?
So this is trying to cap-
Yes, Travis.
What I'm telling you is this is trying to capitalize on the heat
from the series that ran from 1964 to 1966.
And this game came out in 89, right?
So it's like, but what are they trying to trade on?
It was the brother game to its sister game,
which is a game based on the one normal human from the Munsters.
But it was just like a Willy Beamish scenario
where she just like walked around town
and made friends with people and ate a sandwich.
Don't even get me started about Pugsley's scavenger hunt.
Like why would you think we want to spend a lot of time with Pugsley?
And why would you think we'd want to spend that time
looking for hidden items in the Addams house?
Anyway, can we please not talk about Sunsoft games anymore?
Yeah, I just want to real quick say air the acrobat.
Moving on, just before we get in,
we wanted to tell everybody, we got special guests this week,
Jake and Amir from If I Were You, their podcast,
and of course, all their YouTube videos and TV show and everything.
They're on our podcast to give some advice to you,
the people, just like they do on their podcast.
And Travis-
So they're bringing it straight to you.
On their episode that goes live today also, Travis is on their podcast.
We did a little crossover because their thing is also an advice podcast
and the beef has been like so real lately.
And the, let's call it what it is,
which is a full blown social media battlefield.
We needed to disarm each other.
And so we've done this with this joint operation.
Yeah, so everything's cool for now.
Now, I really want to stress that for now.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see how it go.
So here's a question.
My roommate moved out four months ago.
He continued to pay his half of the rent while I lived alone
until the end of our lease.
Considering that I've done all the cleaning,
how do I split up the deposit we get back?
Does he still deserve half since he paid rent all this time?
Or do I get a larger chunk since I was integral
in getting the deposit back?
That's from Courteous Cleaner in Kansas.
You know, it's a funny thing about a security deposit,
especially when you're younger,
because I think you do give,
like they're treating this in this question.
I was about to take unbridged with the fact
that they're treating it like a bonus
and not like money that they're getting back
that they paid together.
But like the truth of the matter is when you're that age,
it might as well be like, well, never seen that money again.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, but the thing is, you're right though.
It's not, your deposit isn't a reward
for cleaning your apartment.
It's the money that you needed for them
to give you the apartment in the first place.
And like if he paid half of it,
it's like they just held on to your like $500
and then hand it back to you at the end of the year.
Can I tell the sorrowful tale of,
we're gathering on the fucking midnight society fire.
This is part of my bim bam club.
It's nighttime on the beach.
I'm about to throw that coffee creamer into the fire,
make it spark up.
And the words of the tale of the Batavia, Ohio apartment
lost damage deposit because Travis is a goombus
appears on the screen.
And then I tell the story of we had a hookah we used once
and it was a fateful time because it fell over
and we didn't realize the coal had rolled under the coffee table.
And when we found it,
luckily it hadn't burned our house down with us inside of it,
but it did burn a perfect circle into the carpet.
And Travis, his fucking tinker Taylor mind ticking away,
tick, tick, tick.
He said, how can I solve this problem?
He went into a closet and cut some of the carpet out of that closet
and then glued it into the circle that was missing.
And the landlord caught both things.
They said you fucked up two parts of the carpet.
Now you are missing a key to this story, Griffin.
There's a very big element.
Oh yes.
Oh, you're right.
I burned my foot very badly on the coal.
Well, that too.
But when we moved in,
they were offering a special in which the deposit was only $100.
So after we moved out and they tried to get money from me,
my justification was,
I guess you should have charged more money for the deposit.
You should have charged,
you should have trusted us less.
Yep.
And they never got that money.
Good.
I had a friend in college who he had ridden his apartment hard,
I would say, and put it down wet.
He put it down wet and he ran it hard and he's a dear friend.
We spent basically all our college time there.
And then when time came to move out,
we all really hated his landlord
and that sort of adversarial relationship
that college renters can only have with their landlord.
And since he knew he wasn't gonna get his damage deposit back,
the day he moved all his stuff out,
he burned his initials into the carpet with lighter fluid.
Now I know what you're thinking.
That's not how that works.
That's still a crime.
And the answer is yes, you're correct.
But nothing bad came of it.
My friend Justin was living in his apartment
and the landlords informed him that he needed to get the fuck out
because they were going to demolish the building
halfway through his lease to turn it into a parking lot
for the Marshall University Stadium
and that they were not going to refund him any money
or anything like that.
So we had a party and destroyed his apartment.
Our justification was they were going to demolish the building anyway.
Yeah, so we like knocked doors out of the frame
and kicked holes through walls.
Man, we're a bunch of rowdy rebel boys, aren't we?
Yeah, for sure, used to be.
Here's the answer to this.
First of all, I mean, I'm leaning towards
you gotta just give them their part of the deposit back
because they paid that money probably without agreeing
to not get it back if you clean up the house.
Also, I'm assuming they cleaned up their self mess
when they moved out four months ago
and the fact that they kept paying the rent,
like yeah, I think they get the money back on this one.
That's true. You got a whole apartment to yourself
for like four months.
And they paid the rent for it.
Like that's, yeah, you gotta give them their money back.
Yeah, sorry.
Do you want a Yahoo?
Absolutely.
This one was sent in by,
this one was sent in by level 9000,
Yajur, Drew, Drew, Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajur Answers user.
Ya dash who?
By the way, still waiting for that other shoe to drop.
Yeah, still waiting for Uncle Verizon to be like,
should we call it Verizon Answers?
No, let's just delete this incredibly valuable resource.
If anybody, like kidding aside,
if anybody has a contact over at Verizon
like that would know,
the answer is probably nobody right now
because who gives a shit,
but like if anybody could reach out
and just put us in contact with them
or we would really appreciate it.
Also, if they're looking to rebrand,
we'll do some synergy
and they can call it McElroy Answers or something like that.
If not, we'll have to do some social media campaigning
and I don't want it to come to that
because that can be exhausting.
I tried yelling at the young woman
from the Verizon commercials
where she was like in the store
and I just yelled last time
that I saw on those commercials on my TV,
like please don't take this from me,
like over and over and over again.
And in fact, I've done it every time
that commercials come on
and that's because that's the secret.
You gotta visualize the energy and put it out there.
I'm pretty good friends with, can you hear me now?
But he moved, he's at Sprint now,
so that's no good either.
I bet we could-
I can go down to the kiosk at the mall
and just see what that kid knows.
Which store does the woman from the commercial work at?
Because I think she's the-
That's AT&T.
You're talking about my friend, Milana.
I think she's the president of,
oh, you're right.
Ah, beans, she probably wouldn't be able
to help us out with the Verizon thing
unless she knows some sort of government backdoor
into Verizon servers.
No, it's just her and Flo
and can you hear me now
and all the other human spokespeople hanging out.
Where's the beef?
And where's the beef?
She's there.
Where's the beef?
It's there.
They're all there.
Time to make the, time to make the bone nuts.
John Machida, they're all there.
Dude, you're getting the Dell got invited in
after Jared left, was kicked out.
He was dishonorably discharged.
Anyway, yahoo.
They're just all sitting around a kitchen table
eating garmin bozza,
just like being terrified like that one
seen from Firewalk with me.
Anyway, here we go.
Yahoo asks, that's the user's name.
Is there anything you can do to mute the sounds
coming from the bathroom
if it's about 10 feet from the living room?
I don't even understand why I have to ask this.
Same, bro.
How is there not a product on every shelf
in every convenience store
to do something about muting bathroom noise
from urination to defecation?
Thank you, doctor.
Should I just put a button with a music player nearby
or automatically have loud music play
when a sensor detects the door closed?
That ain't mute.
You're talking, okay.
No, we're talking about is drowning out.
That's boring.
Yeah, if it baffling,
the loud music is a non-starter
because if I have friends over
and I've made them a big meal
and we're watching, you know, Bachelorette
and then I leave the room
and then from down the hallway,
they just hear,
here's my cherry pie.
Like they're gonna know
what's happening down that hallway.
What you need is,
you need some sort of like airlock scenario
and like baffling
and maybe some like caulking around,
like maybe some like a foam
that fills up a doorway.
Do you think if old timey people
who use outhouses,
like we think of them as so backwards,
but if you think if they came into our world
and the modern world
and saw what we did,
they'd be like,
oh my God, you do it in the house?
You just shit in the house?
You just shit in your house?
That's buff wild.
That's profane.
Wow.
You just like basically go in a closet
and shit in a hole?
What's the matter with you?
Let me get this straight.
The same place where you nurse your infant baby
and lay your head down to sleep
on pillows of down
is also where you decide to shit?
That doesn't make sense.
That's all the same air.
You understand that, right?
Like we live in the 1700s,
but even we get that's the same air, dog.
Next you'll be telling me
you let your women vote.
Well, we got to think about,
I mean, first of all,
there is a wonderful place on earth
that has figured this out.
And if we did this in the Japanese style,
we would have a button on the toilet
and this really only covers two onesies
because they have a button
on most of their toilets
that they have the bidet function
and then pressure temperature.
Sweet scent is one of the buttons.
But then there's a button
that just makes water noises happen.
So nobody can tell what is pee
and what is the brook.
Griffin, you got to take that a step further.
Just splashing splashers.
Just have it randomly trigger
when no one's in the room
all the time at random.
Oh, I see.
So I have friends over.
We're all sitting at the dinner table.
Like everybody knows
we're all at the dinner table
and from down the hallway,
it's just, she's not terrible.
What if it just made the noise
of a human defecating console?
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, like camouflage, right?
Right.
You can't hide it.
So instead you got to hide in plain sight.
Damn, Mike, where did you get that new car?
That's fucking awesome.
I came into some money.
I did some, let's just say,
widely distributed voiceover work.
Oh my God.
It's like the hunt for Siri.
It's like the hunt for Toilet Man.
Because when you press the toilet,
it's just one guy just going like,
oh, come on.
And it's like, oh, you're a little bit extra,
but you can get expansion packs
that include Snoop Dogg and Shaquille O'Neal.
Yeah, but the base pack is just a guy like,
please.
And then like that guy goes to Quiznos
or something like that is like,
let me get the deli scramble.
And they're like, holy shit.
Can you say that again?
Because I think it's him.
We found him, Toilet Man.
Could you say not like this over and over again?
Can you say not like this,
like in the Matrix movies?
By the way, why did you quote the Matrix movies
while you were recording this?
And why did you only record like five sounds?
And why did you record no sounds
of the stool being like deposited?
It's just human man speaking.
And waiting for the women to create-
There is no spoon.
What was that meant to symbolize?
What was that all about?
And even in the women's restrooms,
they use the same voice box,
which is weird, you would think.
Would you want somebody who's like,
obviously Rocky style scraping for every inch,
like fighting tooth and nail?
Or would you want somebody who just like
is a stone killer and goes in and no scopes,
like just blast it or clean out?
Like no problem.
I would actually want it to be a variable, Justin.
So that some days I could really pull for him.
Oh, there's a dial.
I could be really proud of him.
There's a dial that on the toilet
before you punch the button.
That's like how Buckwild's about to get in here.
And it's represented by the hospital pain scale.
What would be fucking great is if
they could work a little bit of narrative in there.
You know, like if I'm gonna have to listen to this guy
crowing about his toos all the time,
he could at least work it like he's maybe the spy.
That would be good.
Or just one time mix in some muttering
about his asshole boss.
Or maybe like just a little crying.
Yeah, he's like reading his secret government files
while he's doing it.
So you're like piecing together-
I have to pass this data chip I swallowed in Moscow.
Or maybe you can make it like a romantic storyline
where you can hear him like intermittently
practicing his vows, right?
Oh, I love that.
Oh, he's got a nervous tummy.
It's a big day for him.
The third option is, of course, anti-sound.
And you may be wondering, Griffin, what is that?
Well, every sound has an anti-sound that cancels it out.
So if you play both at once, it's just silence.
So there has to be some sort of way
to put a mic in the turlet,
and then it generates procedurally anti-sound
for your humiliating splashes.
I love that, Griffin.
That's a great idea, actually.
That tech exists.
It's gotta be like,
you know what I mean?
Like that's the op-
Like, is the opposite of what a toilet sound would be.
The sound from Pepsi, ma'am?
Yes, that's a good ass reference, Travis.
You just somehow went deeper than Fester's Quest.
Thank you.
Something everyone can enjoy.
Dear Brothers 3, I work as a print production manager
for a small athletic apparel company.
There are only five employees.
My boss is very annoying slash childish.
An unspoken part of my job is to be her friend.
She complains when we don't like her personal posts on FB.
That's Facebook.
They don't say that, I was clarifying.
If I come to work and treat her like my boss
and not my BFF, she retaliates.
And the office dynamic turns into a weird mean girl spinoff.
In response, I have started to hate bake every Monday.
I bring in some homemade baked goods to work.
I find the recipe with the most butter
and watch as my coworkers who are on perpetual diets
gorge themselves.
Am I good?
And that's from counting your calories in Cali.
And they say at the end, as if to cut her off here,
uh, cut us off here, uh, I am looking for a new job.
Okay.
Cause that was the obvious.
Hey dog, you're like the Count of Monte Cristo
if he was bad and actually made dope ass
Monte Cristo sandwiches for his, his, his worst enemies
and then had them eat it.
And they said, hmm, great sandwich.
Well, back to being evil.
You did not-
The revenge plan in the actual novel,
The Count of Monte Cristo is about that well thought through.
It's, it's a weird plan that he has in that book.
And it was about this, uh, effective.
But it's like, no, it's not this effective
cause this effective is here's some cupcakes.
Ah, fuck.
Ah, fuck.
I just thought about it.
And I just gave you cupcakes.
That was bad.
That was a reward.
Oops.
I want to be there when this person,
when question asked, like tells a friend,
like their devious plan, like,
so I made them get this brownies.
And they're like, oh, what'd you put in the brownies?
And they're like butter.
There's a sentence in here I want to translate.
In response, I've started to hate bake.
You just mean bake because baking is love, right?
Like you can't, you can't as try as hard as you will.
You can't put hate into a thing that you bake, right?
Every Monday I bring homemade baked goods to work.
That's dope.
I find the recipe with the most butter.
You mean the best recipe that there is?
You can actually, you can only put hate into no bake
because you apply a little bit of heat
and it bakes right off.
So you need to do like a cheesecake
or maybe like one of those peanut butter cookies
that you don't actually have to bake.
You can put some hate in those.
That would be an amazing subplot on Great British Bake Off.
If one of the contestants are just like,
I'm here because Mary Berry killed my nephew
in a hit and run and covered it up.
And I'm getting back at her the only way I know how.
Baking for her.
The scone was very buttery, dear.
Yeah, it was.
Yeah.
Hell yeah, it was.
Don't eat that Mary Berry or it's a bad break.
Fucking Paul Hollywood, like flying through the air.
That's actually how Paul Hollywood always sounds.
That was just our regular Paul Hollywood impression.
Can we ever, have we ever had a discussion
about Paul Hollywood's name?
The most British, the very, very British baking man,
Paul Hollywood.
It's his real ass, that's his family name.
I thought people were fucking with him
until literally like two seasons in.
I thought that Paul Hollywood,
like maybe he'd had like a career for a bit
trying to make it as an actor or something
and people were just trolling him.
No, his name's Paul Hollywood.
That would be like, if like Sylvester Stallone, right?
That's an action movie star, Hollywood movie star name.
It'd be like if his name was like Nigel Sconceworth.
Like what?
No, wait, but the pushback I would say
is that Paul Hollywood would be an insane name
for any living human.
It would be like if your name was Doug Box Office.
It sounds like the name you would make up
for an action movie star in a fake movie
in the movie you were making.
Yeah, a bad movie within a movie within a movie.
It would be like if there was a man named Paul Hollywood
who was an action movie star
and then he traded,
somehow his name one day just became Nigel Bredman
and then like Nigel Bredman received the title Paul Hollywood.
It's like a reverse quickening.
If your name was Paul Hollywood
and you wanted to go into acting,
you would legally change your name to something else
because no one would believe
that your legal name was Paul Hollywood
when you auditioned for anything.
And hey, everybody, don't tell me,
don't please, please don't tweet or email the show.
It's like, actually Hollywood is this building in the UK
is the Queen's middle name or something.
I don't wanna know, okay?
We ruined Hollywood, okay?
We took that one and we ruined it.
Whatever it was over in your land,
I'm sorry, it's not that anymore.
We ruined it, it's ours.
It's ours, we ruined it.
If his name was Paul New York,
it would be just as fucked up.
Yeah, not good.
Montana is bad.
I'm trying to think of one American identifiable state
or city that it could be.
Paul Topeka, that's actually a pretty great name.
I like that.
Hi, I'm Paul Florida.
That fool follows me on Twitter.
I need to DM him.
Paul Florida?
Yeah, Paul Florida.
Yeah, you could think of it, Trav.
He could be the first person to ever ask him
about his crazy name.
Imagine, I bet he's chomping at the bit to unpack that.
Let's do one more Yahoo.
This one sent in by level 9000 YajurJude again.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by, I didn't say his name, Drew Davenport.
There, write it in the fucking stars.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Elizabeth Smith who asks,
and really think about this
because you're gonna hear it and you'll be like,
this is a dumb question, let's move on.
But I really need you to really ponder it.
When do waiters eat?
If a waiter works from eight to four,
when does he or she eat lunch?
How do waiters eat?
Griffin, this is such a dumb question
because the answer's so obvious.
They eat whatever's left over on your plate
when you pay out and leave.
No, because they're waiting, Travis, during that time.
If they're, I don't want them to-
But that's what they're waiting for.
They're waiting for you to leave
so they can eat what's on your plate.
That's why they call them waiters?
Yeah. It's interesting.
Because they're waiting to see what you leave
and they're like, oh, mashed potatoes.
At nice places, they don't even wait till you leave.
They wait till your view is averted
and they'll just snatch one of the chicken tenders
off your plate.
Those nice fancy chicken tender places.
Some restaurants even have extra chairs at each table
and you're supposed to order something for the waiter
and then they bring the food to you
and then they just sit down and have a gab.
But the trick is you can never actually see them
put food in their mouths.
So you look to your left to see where the bathroom is
and you look back and their steak's gone.
They're just dabbing the corners of their mouth
and you're like, damn.
And they're just dabbing.
They're doing the dance.
They're just dabbing.
When do they eat though?
Because that was a funny joke, but seriously,
I'm looking at these folks and I'm saying,
how do you do it?
Because I see a doctor or a dentist,
getting your teeth done isn't a biological,
daily like several times a day biological imperative.
You can like go and you're off office hours and go.
You gots to eat between eight and four.
You'll die otherwise.
How do the waiters eat and when do they do it?
I like to think that there's other waiters
who are waiting on the waiters to get what they want
when they're back in the back.
They're just following them around the restaurant.
Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir.
I actually work at the restaurant across the street.
I really need to get back.
Like if you could, sir.
How do they eat though?
I mean, we're talking about a little old lady at this point.
It's waiters all the way down, Griffin.
Yeah, you think there's fewer waiters
the further you go, right?
So a restaurant with 16 waiters,
maybe they have eight waiter waiters that helps them out
and then just diminishing returns.
There's four waiter, waiter, waiters
and it keeps going down to just one waiter, waiter, waiter,
waiter, waiter and they'll die.
Oh yeah, but that's nature.
Griffin, sometimes one has to die so that many may live.
Yeah.
Do you think anybody, like what would happen
if you ordered, like you're there with you
and your spouse or significant other?
Because only married people are allowed to go to restaurants.
No, I just needed a number, okay?
So you're there with your spouse or significant other
or just a friend maybe or whatever.
Or your insignificant other.
Or somebody, a stranger, an escort, I don't care.
You're there with one other person
and you order three entrees
and when the waiter brings them,
you say the third one is for you.
Please take a seat.
Take, rest those puppies.
That's what they're, did you know all waiters
are secretly hoping that you'll do that?
Oh, like genies.
They're waiting to be freed from their prison.
You know, did you know it's like Dobby?
If you give a waiter a dinner,
they're free and they'll have to be waiters anymore.
And then they're out of a job.
So like, oh, they hate it.
They finish the chicken tenders
and then you say, there will be no tip.
And then they turn into smoke
and fly into the salt shaker.
You've trapped them.
I'll wait on you now.
Now I'm the waiter.
You waited long enough.
Allow me.
If you went to a restaurant, okay, listen.
Okay.
If you went to a restaurant
that offered you the option
to take your own plates
into a window at the kitchen when you were done,
would you, but they made it perfectly clear
that it's fine if you leave them.
Would you do it?
Is there any bet?
Do I save money if I do it myself?
There's nothing.
There's nothing.
Then no.
No.
Okay, Travis says no.
Griffin, what do you say?
Yeah, I'd do it.
Yeah, I would have no choice.
But I'm so glad they don't offer the option.
I would have absolutely no choice.
I would have to bust my own table.
I would want some sort of candy
from the transaction though.
Oh, what a good boy.
I open up, here comes the peppermint.
Peppermint.
I would call this restaurant Dick's First Resort,
where it's all about how nice everyone can be all the time.
Yeah.
Okay, now I'm ready to go to the money man.
First up, I want to tell everybody
about Bowling Branch.
Okay.
Bowling, if you're sleeping,
and you should be.
Whoa, whoa, slow down.
Yeah, I know.
If you're sleeping, it's essential.
Then you should be sleeping on the finest sheets available.
And for my money, that's BowlingBranch.com.
B-O-L-L-N Branch.
They release the luxury linens.
That's what they sell.
Luxury linens.
But you're not paying the crazy markups
you pay at a department store.
You get all the comfort of luxury sheets
without paying luxury prices.
Now, I know what you're thinking.
I want to try these for myself,
but I'm worried about the risk.
Well, don't.
Just go to BowlingBranch.com.
B-O-L-L-N Branch.com.
And they'll let you try them risk-free for 30 nights.
If you don't love them, you can send them back.
You have nothing to lose.
Better than that.
If you turn them into ghost costumes,
you will not, that doesn't, no.
That ain't gonna fly.
It will strengthen up between you
and your sibling's bed
because you share a room in a 90s sitcom
and you guys are having a tiff.
As long as you don't puncture them in any way,
you can probably still return them.
Probably still be okay.
Go to BowlingBranch.com today
for 20% off your entire order.
That sheets, towels, blankets,
duvet covers, everything, plus free shipping
and all the products come beautifully packaged
in their signature boxes.
So go to BowlingBranch.com today
for 20% off your entire order
and use the promo code MYBROTHER
and start sleeping a little better for once for a change.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
Okay.
Ask Justin.
I'm not in the mood right now.
Okay, Justin, I'm gonna ask you.
Yeah.
Do you know wine?
No.
I don't know anything about wine.
What if you had a friend that-
No, really.
No, listen.
No, listen to what I'm doing.
Oh, I don't know anything about wine
and I really hate it.
I wish I did.
Oh, are you whining?
Yeah.
So what if you had a friend who not only knew about wine-
Do you want some wine with that sheet?
Oh, God.
Fuck, fuck.
Go ahead, Trav.
What if you had a friend who knew about wine
and could get you wine
and all you have to do is answer a few simple questions for them?
I do.
His name's Jerry.
He's been hooking me up since I was 15.
Thanks, Jerry.
It's my first Jerry shout out.
First of many.
First of many.
Can't believe we made it 314 episodes without hitting up Jerry.
How have we not made some Jerry yet?
Jerry.
If you know somebody more reliable than Jerry,
I'd love to hear it though.
I do.
I know a little thing called Club W.
Now, Club W is-
Okay.
So maybe you've done like subscription things, you know, for snacks
or for underpants or for stuff like that.
Well, this is for booze, which I always appreciate.
And basically what it is is you answer some questions as far as like,
do you like chocolate or vanilla?
Do you like sweet or savory?
Not- You don't need to know any complicated wine terminology
or what kind of palette or do you like chardonnay versus whatever.
All you need to know is like, what kind of candy you like?
What kind of food you like?
This is my brother, Travis.
He knows one kind of wine.
You don't need to know anything about wine in order to enjoy wine
because that's what Club W is there for.
You tell them the kind of stuff you like and they make suggestions for you.
And then they're going to ship it to your house.
And the best part is along with it comes these cards that will tell you
like what you should pair it with, what kind of event it's appropriate for.
And it's got, you know, it's usually some pretty cool labels and stuff
that like your friends probably have never seen in stores before.
And it's going to make you look like a real cool person
who knows their shit about wine, even though you don't.
Right? Right.
And so what you're going to do is you're going to go to clubw.com slash my brother
and you're going to get $20 off your first order, which is just a crazy deal.
And not only that, but they're going to cover,
they're going to cover shipping on that for orders of four bottles or more.
So you're going to get $20 off by going to clubw.com slash my brother.
And if you order four bottles or more, they're going to cover shipping.
It's a great deal. You should go check it out.
Hey, I've got a Jumbotron here and this one is for Stacey and it's from Tim.
I don't know why it sounds so accusatory.
Yeah, supposedly.
Anyway, Tim says to Stacey, Stacey, three years ago,
you went sugar daddy dumpster diving and found me.
Sugar daddy dumpster diving and found me. I hope that's an end joke.
I'm sure it is. Marrying you in April is, was, was the only way my life could be better.
You are awesome and I will always love you.
And now the brothers have recorded permanent proof.
P.S. I'm sorry I had that shirt made that said I'm with Bummy. Love, Tim.
Tim.
Tim.
Tim.
Timothy.
You should have done better than that, Tim.
Um, this sounds like a wonderful relationship.
I'm very, very happy that you all found each other.
We got another Jumbotron here.
This message is for Shannon. It's from Jason.
It says, happy birthday, my little ham dancer.
Thanks for introducing me to the McElroy family of fine podcast
and more importantly for sharing your life with me and stuff.
Here's to many, many more happy years together.
It's shaping up to be a pretty sweet ride.
Lots of love now and forever. You're Hupsoned.
Um, you said that word so right.
Um.
That's the way it's spelled. I'm just reading phonetically. Hupsoned.
I gotta know what a ham dancer does and is.
Oh, McElroy, our little ham dancer.
I'm imagining a sort of competitive sport
where a person dances some sort of beautiful interpretive dance,
but the whole time you're throwing ham slices at them trying to get them to stick.
Wait, you're throwing them at the dancer?
The dancer's dancing with ham slices like ribbon dancing.
No, no, no. You're throwing them at the dancer.
And I think actually this doesn't make sense
because it would have to be bologna
because bologna would have a more uniform, um,
like shape and aerodynamic properties and travel pattern.
And it wouldn't be fair because like
somebody could bring like a thinly sliced honey ham.
It's just not the air resistance alone would stop that
from attaching itself to the dancer, I think.
We're going to have to really workshop this down with the boys in R&D.
Yeah. For the great new sport they've been thinking of, bologna toss.
Hey, MaxFun community.
This is your friend Elizabeth Gilbert,
author of You Pray Love and a bunch of other stuff.
I am a longtime member, supporter, and devoted follower of Maximum Fun.
And now finally I have my own podcast on the network.
It's called Magic Lessons,
and it is me coaching people through their creative issues and problems.
This season, we have some amazing creators
that we're helping through their joys and struggles
of making something out of nothing.
And then I bring in special guests like Glennon Doyle Melton,
Brandon Stanton, Martha Beck, the poet Mark Nepo,
Michael Ian Black, Sarah Jones, Gary Scheingart,
these amazing friends of mine to come and help coach these people
so that they can get their work done.
I hope you'll tune into it.
It's called Magic Lessons, and it's all about love.
All right, folks, as we mentioned at the top of the show,
we are joined by very special guests.
And right now, you can hear me on their podcast if I were you.
We're joined by Jake and Amir.
Applause.
All right, thank you.
Applause, right.
I'm gonna have to demand actually that you finish this podcast
before you go listen to that one.
Like, I feel like you dance with the one that brought you
and then you dance with-
Oh, yeah, for sure.
Yeah, because they don't know if we're funny or not yet.
We haven't won them over yet.
We are your rich, meaty dinner,
and they're gonna be your delicious dessert, succulent dessert.
If you guys were a dessert, what kind of dessert would you be?
Oh, it's this kind of podcast.
I love that.
A flan bam thank you, ma'am.
I've always said that about you.
Yeah.
Is that a treat served at the Guy Fieri's Kitchen and Grill?
Yeah, it's at that and it's at a Denny's.
It's at one Denny's in actually Cincinnati where you're moving to.
Oh, that's nice.
So you can actually order that yourself.
Did they steal it from Guy Fieri's restaurant
or did Guy Fieri steal it from this one Denny's in Cincinnati?
It was actually spontaneously created at both at the same time.
Parallel thinking.
It combusted into one magical dessert.
By the way, Guy Fieri.
Fieri.
Fieri.
A little respect.
That's actually Jake's brother.
I think we're joined by Jake Fieri.
He doesn't call you Travis Fieri.
That's true, but that's not my name.
Yeah.
But I don't call you that.
Yeah, yeah, that's why.
It's true.
It's one of the reasons.
So you guys do a lot of stuff.
That's true, we do.
Videos and podcasts and video podcasts.
What's harder, videos or podcasts?
Oh.
Videos, for sure.
Yeah, videos.
Well, sure, because we don't do many of those.
We do a lot of podcasts.
It seems like podcasting is harder.
The laddies do a lot more podcasts than us.
We just have the one.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
We're comparing one to one.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
If you're comparing 23 to one, maybe the podcasts.
Yeah, if we're just comparing our lives to yours,
yours are harder for sure.
We also have wives and sometimes children,
so that's a lot harder than probably any podcast or video.
One child equals about eight podcasts, I bet.
That's what you tell him every night before he goes to bed.
Well, that actually fluctuates depending on the world market.
All right.
So do you know what?
I literally had to come down to do this podcast
from trying to get my baby to sleep for an hour and a half.
Oh, my gosh.
So how many podcasts?
How many podcasts was she tonight?
That's the last thing I whispered to her
before she finally drifted off was,
this was like two and a half podcasts.
Yeah.
Please rate and subscribe, Daddy, all right?
We need your five stars.
Retweet this next lullaby.
We got questions from our listeners
that we wanted to put to you gentlemen.
You have provided us with a diverse list of expertise here,
but we decided to focus on your expertise with Charles.
How did you put it?
Electronic communications?
Digital communications.
Digital communication.
Well, you know, I waited until the last minute
to put the call out for questions
and I didn't want to make it too confusing.
Yeah.
You guys also professed a lot of expertise,
specifically Jake's expertise, according to Amir, with pornography.
Jake knows pornography really well.
This is I'm quoting directly.
Jake knows pornography really well.
Like really well.
Really, really well.
See you soon, Amir.
P.S.
Really, really, really well.
And honestly, I think he undersold it.
It should have been 10 more PSs.
Each more pornographic than the next.
But I'm going to ask a first question here.
I move a lot, read six cities in the past four years,
including two and a half years in Europe,
and therefore have made a lot of connections
with people all over the world.
I love a lot of these people,
but with the distance, the time difference, et cetera,
it isn't easy to keep in touch.
Any advice on how to maintain long distance friendships?
And that's from Disconnected in the Midwest.
What are your thoughts on having different people
in different area codes?
I feel like the answer is just to be really active
on social media, like kind of generally.
So then you're not keeping up with any one,
you know, person of person.
You're keeping up with absolutely nobody.
Yeah.
It's like more people, but more loneliness.
You just post on Instagram.
You like a lot of photos.
You like people's Facebook statuses.
It's the bare minimum of human connection.
Well, not even that.
How many people do you exist?
Social media is like the cotton candy of human interaction
in that it looks like really great.
And then you really sink your teeth into it.
And then it's all gone.
It wasn't anything at all.
Yeah, now your teeth hurt.
And also then the cotton candy says,
it's going to murder you.
And it doesn't get banned from being cotton candy anymore.
OK, I think you were just harassed by someone
on Snapchat or something.
And you're taking it out on the candy.
Or he was cyber bullied by like a vendor at a carnival.
Did that happen?
He didn't give a tip to the cotton candy man.
I'm going to tweet about this later, you little thug.
At bossmaster18 says.
One of those dudes that did that,
let me guess how much you weigh thing,
was just very hateful.
Like, I'm going to guess how much you weigh.
And then they were like 240 pounds.
I was like, what?
No.
And they're like, just kidding.
Here's a stuffed animal.
Get the fuck out of here.
Don't really get super hateful till the end there.
He didn't stick the landing.
You also undersold it.
Aren't you 310?
Yeah, 310 on a good day.
But if I've got a boxing match tomorrow,
I can easily get that done at 290.
How many stone?
Some people wouldn't even think that 240 is that much.
No, no.
Real men.
I have friends that have kind of dispersed.
I feel like Facebook is sort of the cheap version of this, right?
Like, you can still be supportive and sort of connected with them,
but it's just like, that's just one click away.
Hey, I like that.
Yeah, but you're missing the magic of the pack your bags and move away.
And that is every time you move,
it's the perfect excuse to stop the friendships
you don't actually care about.
Yeah.
Because you kind of get stuck in that
where you like live in a city and you're like,
yeah, I don't really like this guy,
but he's in this group of friends.
So I have to see him every time we hang out.
Then you get to move.
You don't have to do that shit anymore.
It's a self-fulfilling prophecy though, right?
Because I have friends who leave Austin
or friends that I haven't seen in a long time
because we grew up in Huntington
and moved in different directions throughout the country.
And then I'll get an email correspondence from them
and I'll be like, oh man, this person is my friend.
Like, you can invoke some friendship magic.
Because all you gotta do is like one call
and someone's like,
you're so special.
That's why I said the expectation is dirt.
Like, it's so easy to like keep friendships going.
Just call them once a year out of the blue.
It's like, it was really good to hear from Steven today.
I like a yearly call, a yearly check-in.
You just set a little alert on every day
after their birthday.
Oh, that's when you're feeling lonely.
Always late, always do it the day after.
If you sound a little distracted at the end of the call,
it's just because you're making your calendar appointment
for the next year.
Something really important happens in your life.
Like, oh, I can't wait six and a half months
to tell Steve about this.
Yeah, so you call on their birthday
and then the next day you call to check in
because it's been a while since you had a non-birthday call
with Colin.
Did you see Deadpool?
Yeah, dog, like that came out in February.
Yeah, but your birthday's in January,
so I haven't spoken to you then.
What do you want from me?
Is there a way to get people to take digital RSVPs seriously?
I found that Facebook RSVPs are almost 100% unreliable.
I thought meetup.com would be more reliant,
but people seem to flake on these as well.
Wouldn't saying yes become no,
but I would rather inconvenience you
by making you prepare twice as many guests slash attendees.
Even group emails are failing.
I organized both small lectures and a kickball team.
Help!
That's from RSVP in Richmond.
I literally can't make people show up.
I will have them verify and guarantee in digital writing.
For my small lectures, I only need a dozen people.
My friends are like trying to gather smoke.
Please tell me what to do.
And they get off on lying and saying they'll come out.
And then they won't.
Now you joke, but that is a fetish a lot of people have,
which is garbage food.
They love to know that like snacks and appetizers
have been thrown in a garbage can somewhere
because of their actions.
The kickball is the worst one though.
Like you just kick it towards the goal and you think,
ah, Dylan RSVP, I know he's going to get this.
Alley-oop it into the goal for me.
Especially when the rich kids camp shows up to take you on
and you don't have any of your poor
but lovable friends with you to beat them.
And you're like, I got 20 RSVPs.
I don't know what happened.
And then the rich kids beat you up.
Yeah.
Where's my motley crew of charming misfits?
I got eight maybes and I figured I could tip the scales
if I posted on the event's wall.
I have a problem with who posts maybe in a Facebook event.
Yeah, just don't post.
You're maybe by default.
I might be at every event in the world tonight.
I don't know.
I might be.
Yeah, I guess I may be going.
That's when it's forecast.
It's like when it's forecasted, there's a 50% chance of rain.
That's basically like, oh, I don't know.
You're no more aware than you were before you checked the weather.
It's 50%.
Yeah, that's the least decisive you can be, right?
Or is 10%.
Now I'm confused philosophically.
There's a 2% chance of rain.
Yeah, that's more certain.
I'm not willing to rule it out, but there's definitely-
So I think 50% is maximum uncertainty.
Any closer to 100 or 0 is slightly more certain.
Yeah, you're 50-50.
It's a coin flip.
Yeah, you're guessing.
That's what they should say.
They should just be like, I don't know.
There might be rain.
Bye.
That's my day, and I'm going to go enjoy my paycheck.
I know it's 50-50.
It could or it couldn't.
I'm watching the fucking news so that you tell me yes or no.
I think there's different strata of digital communications
and how seriously you take them.
So that if I say I'm having a birthday party on Facebook
and I get 10 people saying, yeah, I'm in to that,
but then I get a text message going and I'm saying,
hey, I'm having this birthday party,
and only five people respond to that,
I know that five people are going to show up.
For some reason, it being a text message,
it makes it more believable in a way because you wouldn't-
I'm not going to start being accountable for things
I do on the internet.
I do a lot of things on the internet.
I say a lot of things on the internet.
Really fucked up things.
Yeah, really dark shit.
The fingers and hands I use to type into garbage Twitter
and say terrible just junk 24 hours a day
are the same hands I use, same computer I use to RSVP to your thing.
I said that on the internet.
There's no accountability there.
But then do you have another set of non-garbage hands
that you use to type out your SMS messages to your friends?
No, but I use my phone.
That's different.
That's my phone.
I use my hands to type and my phone to text.
And he puts on those gloves that have the reactive stuff
on the tip of the fingers, those things.
Those are good.
Why do we do that?
That's true though.
When I text you something, my word is boned.
If I say I'm going to come to your fucking concert on Facebook,
I'm probably not going to.
So what if it's an Android to iPhone green bubble?
Is that just a man finding it's blue?
That's just mocking.
It's not real.
Yeah.
Well, to further Schrodinger this shit,
in my experience, go through about 50% of the time.
At that point, we're playing Calvin Ball.
If it's green, what's it mean?
If it's blue, you know it's true.
That's what I've always said.
That's what I've always said.
You have a tattoo.
That's so cool.
It's of a pineapple, but still.
Yeah, but if you look close.
I just noticed it.
Yeah, there it is.
Use the cipher.
Turn it 90 degrees to the left.
It's glowing.
Don't look directly at it.
Look away from here.
It's actually the Declaration of Independence.
I've tried online dating, pretty much all of them,
but have not had any luck.
All of the relationships or all of the online dating?
I've dated everyone.
All of the sexes.
Everybody.
We're talking anything from a guy telling me he loves me after three dates
to one sending me a link to his YouTube
so I could see his rap videos before we met.
FYI, we never ended up meeting.
I guess there are bad raps.
Or too good and they got nervous and they were intimidated.
So my question is this.
What am I doing wrong?
What advice can you give me to attract nice, normal guys?
That's from can Jake and Amir name me?
P.S. I'm a girl.
So you guys have to pick a name for this girl.
All right, I'll say the first thing.
You say the last.
Yep.
Jenica Twinditch.
Wow.
All right, next question.
That was really good.
It's what they call an alley-oop in the comedy game.
So she's tried everything and she hasn't had any luck.
Yeah, no luck on the online dating.
There's no, the unfortunate thing is that she just needs to keep on trying.
She has to keep on plugging.
But what's the best practices?
What's the tips and tricks?
I think the only tip is that like almost 100% of guys on these apps suck.
Right.
So like, and you only need one.
Like I, if you hear about people like, yeah, I married a lot, like 100 people.
And now I found my soulmate and now we're married.
It's like, okay, nobody cares about the 99 failures because you found the one good one.
It's a numbers game.
She just has only been out with maybe eight guys instead of 99.
Well, she should get off.
If she's on Tinder, she should switch to Bumble.
Oh, that's a good upgrade.
Or Hinge.
Hinge, these are fake or these are real?
You have to remember we're three very married guys.
Yeah, yeah, those are real.
But here's a couple of fake ones.
You know, if Bumble doesn't work out, you should try out Juicy.
Oh yeah, Juicy.
But if Juicy's not good, try Not You.
Oh yeah, Not You is really fun.
Or you can try Tyka.
T-I-Y-K-A-H.
Yeah.
So Bumble is one where you, when you match somebody, the girl is the only person that
can initiate the conversation.
Oh, that's so much.
Of course, that solves so many problems.
Yeah, so there's like a lot of douchebags who are like, ah, this app doesn't give me
a way to prey on people.
Yeah.
Forget it.
It weeds those people out.
Yeah.
And Hinge, I think, works with, it starts with the networks of your friends.
So like, it sets you up with friends of friends or maybe friends of friends of friends.
See, I don't actually like that one.
I want complete, I want complete internet.
The ability to just break away.
Yeah.
No, that's because like, you're friends with a lot of your exes on Facebook.
So I don't want to have, I don't want to go, well, maybe I do actually.
Yeah.
But the guys on there might be nicer because, you know, they're friends of somebody, you
know, rather than a complete stranger.
But then how do you tell them that you've been a ghost the whole time and you are only
allowed to walk the earth one week out of the year?
I would do it in English, just like how you said.
And also there's another exclusive dating app just for people who walk the earth just
one day a year.
Oh, yeah.
It's called March 15th.
What?
That's the name of the app.
Ides Brides.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
That was fast.
Jesus, Travis.
It's another tattoo.
The Ides have it.
I don't want to Andy Rooney all over this great guest segment, but I did get, I did
online dating for like a minute in, when I lived in Chicago before I met, I know.
Well, okay.
It was several months.
And back then you had like three options and like your match, which is like you got
to pay, but it's usually a better quality of clientele.
And then you had OK Cupid, which was like the wild, wild west.
And you had farmers only.
And you had farmers only.
And then like some, I don't know what happened, but now there's like, there really is one
for one a day ghosts.
And there's one for like people who only want to use colonoscopy pictures as their
profile pic.
Like there's one for every single person so much so that there's like gotta be a
dating app up there that only two people use.
And it's like, oh, you then.
They're perfect for each other.
The colonoscopy pictures one is called Deep Connections.
Wow.
He's good.
And you won't, you'll cut out the 45 minutes he took to think about that.
Because he was shushing us for close to an hour.
I'll get there, I'll get there.
Hold on, hold on.
Ides Brides.
Speaking of, I recently saw the, speaking of all the dating apps, there is a, the
room dating website for fans of the room started by a room director, Tommy Wiseau.
Oh God.
I was so down with it until that last part.
Yeah.
Just to, just to give you a quick sampling, I saw this on Tumblr.
There's a list of the most popular interests on the room dating.com and they are as follows.
Pizza, computer business, football, watching, DIY bio, biotechnology, Kitcher Williams,
the room, beta breakers, young Nietzsche.
Those are the most popular interests.
The best of course is watching.
Yeah, what's watching?
How is that different than football?
Just watching.
And the other category and interest has living intensely.
Do you think anybody's ever like at their wedding, somebody's like, tell me the story
how you guys met again.
Like, well, there's this online dating website that this unwrapped mummy made about his movie.
It's called watching football, watching football.
Is there a point at which everybody just has their own dating app that it's just them on
it and they're just waiting for people to come join?
Like it gets.
Welcome to lonely Steve.com.
Lonely Steve Reynolds.com.
That's good.
That is kind of an interesting idea.
If you just, if you were single, you like had a website with a picture of your face
and people could just come and be like, I'll take you.
Yeah.
Sure.
Done.
Like, okay, I'll take you.
This is my bespoke dating website.
Welcome to, I want to date the lead singer of Smash Mouth.
Let's see.
What's the lead singer from Smash Mouth?
Steve Harwell.
Steve Harwell.
That is it.
I was going to guess Guy Fieri.
Oh man, it's off days.
It's like a Chris Gaines garden books kind of thing.
It really does seem like they might be the same guy with one has bleached hair and the
other one doesn't, right?
I think actually lead singer of Smash Mouth bleached his hair.
Okay.
This is a very odd segue.
I was on a dating app and I came across the profile for someone I immediately recognized
as from a local band that I like a weird amount.
I might have made a cross stitching of some of their lyrics and hung it over my bed.
Yeah.
Over the bed it says, hey, now you're an all star.
Get your game on.
I stare at it every morning to remind myself that I am an all star.
It's a Shrek poster.
Okay.
I messaged him and pretended that I didn't recognize him so he wouldn't think I was creepy.
Now we've been chatting, which is awesome, but I don't know how to come clean.
It feels like it's too late.
Do I have to tell him I know who he is and I'm weirdly into his band I am?
Obviously, I'd take down the cross stitching before we hooked up or should I just accept
that if I want this to be a thing, I must now live a lie.
That's from Catfish, I guess.
Wow.
You never know if you don't know.
You never know if you don't grow.
You never shine if you don't glow.
Oh yeah, you never shine if you don't glow.
That's my good lyrics.
Pretty good lyrics.
It's interesting because you can shine and not glow.
I would have thought that the easiest way would be to leave the cross stitch up the
first time you hooked up.
Yeah.
And he's like, hey, what's the, don't worry about it.
I don't want to interrupt the moment.
And then later you're like, oh, I thought I mentioned.
We did just have sex.
So I guess everything is cool.
Yeah, I would play it cool.
I think you might as well not freak him out until he gets to know the real you.
And then you're like, by the way, I'm a pretty big fan.
And that's like on the honeymoon.
That's when that comes out.
You know, like-
At what point is it a cute story and not a creep story?
Yeah, I think you have to wait till you're in love and he's not going to leave.
Oh yeah.
Live the lie.
Love the lie.
This isn't a catfish, is it though?
It's not a technical catfish.
I don't think it's a technical catfish because she's not pretending to be someone she's not.
She's just-
Except for somebody who's not like-
She's pretending he's someone he's not.
Oh, it's reverse catfishing.
This is a dog bird.
Yeah, it's a dog.
What, dogfish?
Dog bird.
Dog bird.
That's what I said.
The opposite of the catfish is a dog bird.
Oh, all right.
Yeah, I like a dog bird.
You know, there's a long-
They really are quick.
There's a long game you can play here.
And that is to just hang in there and don't say anything.
Because if you do continue to date this person,
eventually you will have to see their band so many fucking times
that you actually will no longer be a fan.
Yeah.
It'll actually go full circle and it's like,
if I have to hear them play Walking on the Sun one more fucking time,
I'm going to attempt to walk on the sun myself and set myself alight.
But you just hang in there long enough and you won't be a fan anymore.
Yeah, two things.
One, maybe you can cover up the cross-stitching with a poster that says hang in there, kitty.
That's- that reminds you to hang in there long enough.
And two, a little bit of an aside, as we record this podcast episode,
Smash Mouth is doing a concert at The Grove right here in LA.
Oh, Brian, what are we doing here?
They fucking opened for us in Boston, basically.
Oh, like at the Wilbur?
They did a free show the night before that we missed,
but they're like, they're getting around, I guess.
But we did the next day get to hear someone talking about
that they also saw Daughtry perform
and how much better the free Smash Mouth show was than the free Daughtry show.
They are, yeah, they're playing at a mall right now.
So it's like American Girl Store, Aeropostal, and then Smash Mouth.
How do you know Smash Mouth's tour schedule?
Well, I know that they're at The Grove tonight.
I'd go see Smash Mouth.
I'd fucking absolutely go see them.
For free in a mall?
Yeah.
Yeah, especially if I can hit the gap after.
Let's see, we got another question here.
I'm a grown ass woman who's been texting for over 10 years,
but I have yet to figure out just how the hell to end a text conversation.
If I have to go to work or sleep or drive, it's easy to just say that,
but otherwise they all seem to stagger slowly towards an awkward, clumsy end.
How do I know when the conversation is over?
And that's from Rachel Rosen.
They never end.
It's a thread.
It's a text conversation.
I hate that answer.
Yeah, I don't like that at all.
Does that mean they get to respond at any time, Jake?
Yeah.
No, no, my time is my own.
I know, but you don't have to.
I mean, you don't have to respond right away.
Yes, I do.
I'll let texts hang forever and then I'll respond.
Then I'll be like, oh, sorry, I was doing something.
How do you end an email thread?
Does it end or does it just naturally just find your account?
Yeah, I just got a new account.
I throw my computer away.
I am.
Every time someone texts me, I immediately respond
because I'm afraid that if I do not, they will think I am dead.
Yeah, I mean, that's tough.
That's how my life works.
It's a hard world that we have to live in.
Yeah.
I feel like there should be, you remember when William Shatner
used to end all of his tweets with my best comma Bill,
which was very, very good.
And then he realized just how much of that sweet character space
he was wasting with that.
And so he just started doing MBB in all capital letters.
I wish that there was like an emoji stamp of just like,
you know, my best, Griffin.
And then, you know, like Griffin has left the conversation.
I wish you could also do that, just like Griffin has left
this text message conversation.
And people would see that in the chain.
Going offline, like on AOL.
I think the thumbs up emoji is a pretty great stamp, actually.
Sure, yeah.
I like, all of us are such popular internet commodities, right?
I think we have the ability to push something,
a new sort of standard of communication forward.
I would like to put out there and just see if you guys
pick it up and run with it.
The idea that the monorail emoji can be like the stamp
at the end of a conversation.
As if to say, I'm going to get on this monorail
and leave this conversation now.
Well, that works until you go to Disney World.
And then you're like, I'm about to get on the, oh shit.
Oh shit, well, that's fine too.
You don't want to get texts while you're in Disney World.
Some of you would be like, hey, what are you up to?
And you would just send them monorail.
And they'd be like, oh, they're at Disney World.
They don't want to get my fucking texts all day
while they're on the new Star Wars ride.
My wife's dad has figured out a pretty good solution to this.
He ends every text to her with, love dad.
So that way he never has to respond if you think about it.
It's like, no, no, no.
There was a signature at the end.
I said, love dad.
That was the end of it.
That was the end of our text.
That was the end of our conversation forever.
Love dad monorail.
Monorail, monorail.
That's a good idea, Grim.
It's more of a Shelbyville idea.
But here are some questions from my dudes, Jake and Amir.
What Tinder bio would make you swipe right?
I don't know if that's the good one or the bad one.
Oh, like what Tinder bio if we saw, I'll tell you what.
No, Justin doesn't know which direction is the good one.
Oh, that's the question.
It depends who's swiping.
Right is right.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, right is right.
Okay, so what's a good Tinder bio?
I don't like when it's like, hey, I'm five foot nine.
You have to be taller than that.
Sorry.
Like demands or rules right off the bat.
Right.
If you blank, swipe left.
That's what like a lot of bios say.
I guess if I see a sincere song or movie quote,
I'm like kind of a little bit turned off
because like maybe that person takes themselves
a little bit too seriously.
What if they announced that they're like a black widow
or like a praying mantis, but like in human form
and they kill their mate?
Is that a left or a right?
Oh, that's that's sexy.
Yeah, especially if you start to see like kind of like the
what is it?
The red hourglass symbol on their belly.
Yeah.
You start to realize, holy, that wasn't a joke.
I am a literal spider and I'm using Tinder somehow.
You dated a daddy long legs for a couple months.
Is that correct?
I hooked up with a mosquito once, which was so awesome of me.
I've done that before.
It's so draining.
Oh, can you say I found that really draining?
Because I just thought of a really quick witted.
Yeah, I was pretty fast to figure it out.
I just need a let's set it up one more time.
Yeah.
You know, I tried that once, but it was pretty draining.
That's malarious.
That is malaria.
Yeah, okay.
We'll edit that in.
We'll drop that out.
Yeah, how?
There's a there's another thing.
If you think of a better one, put it over malaria.
Okay.
Yeah, we have that.
We have that Mission Impossible technology that Philip Seymour
Hoffman tech where we can just play all the sentences you've
said so far and have you say new completely original sentences.
That's awesome.
There's another question here from Lane.
That one was also from Lane.
How can I get my older coworkers to stop asking me how Snapchat works?
Oh, man.
Yeah, your parents came for your Facebook and now they're coming for Snapchat.
Where do we go next?
Young America.
I'll meet y'all there.
Where shall we retreat?
Too late for old blooms.
My knees aren't as good as they used to be.
I have to pick up some Nexium then I'll meet you guys over there.
Do you think it's because I just recently figured out what Snapchat
how it works and I think it has to do with people like assume there
must be something more to it.
Yeah, it's very simple.
That's why it took me so long because I was like, okay, but like,
what do I do?
What do you actually do with it?
Because like I'm doing it and it's just people sending me pictures of
cats.
So like, what is it really?
It's Pokemon Go for people who hate memories.
I see my sister-in-law is 15 and sometimes I see her just like
joylessly pounding through all the Snapchat she has just to like
get him out of her way and clear clear it out.
And I realized what it actually is is training for inbox adulthood.
That's basically what it's like to go through your email as an adult.
So they're like getting great training and how to just mindlessly
dig through all the garbage that gets dumped on their desk every day.
Can you imagine if that was how email worked if it disappeared after 24
hours?
Fuck that would be so good.
Are you kidding me?
Let's invent a new email app.
Guys edit this part out.
We're going to meet afterwards.
Could you try to convince them that Snapchat is just taking pictures and
texting them to people like they just text random snaps of themselves
to friends and family and insist that they're Snapchatting.
Just watch them do anything and say that's Snapchatting.
Snapchat is native in your phone.
Here it is.
Snapchat is different for all of us.
What is your Snapchat?
What's your Snapchat story?
How do you hashtag?
How do you hashtag squad Snapchat?
Let us know by answering below.
You're using the calculator right now.
There should be a text box at the bottom where you can input your answer.
Now triple click on the go 30 app.
I don't have any more questions.
That's it.
We ran out of questions.
You guys really burned those down.
We've solved all the issues in the world.
Congratulations more or less.
Yeah those were the most important ones to be sure.
So what are you guys working on right now?
What can people find more of you?
Great question.
The podcast is a big one.
Our podcast If I Were You is on a network head gum that we started.
So what's that podcast all about?
That podcast is Jake and I, much like this podcast, giving advice.
It does sound like this podcast a lot.
Yeah.
And I was on the most recent one so I might just do their podcast from now on and just
leave you guys here.
That'd be awesome.
I would move into this room.
Yeah we'll just, okay, I'll let my wife move to Cincinnati.
I'll stay here in this apartment.
We'll all live together.
It's gonna be wacky.
As the two podcasts become one, even worse podcast.
We negatively affected each other.
It was not good.
Yeah.
We got a relationship goal.
It'll be like Full House if Danny was just a shithead and also didn't have any kids.
Didn't have any family.
So he was just a guy living with his brother and his friend.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Brother-in-law and friend.
All right perfect.
Yeah sorry.
The podcast is one big thing and then our network is another and then we have that show
on Vimeo, Lonely and Horny, which is Jake and I sort of taking these questions and answers
and putting it in a narrative setting.
What if this guy didn't know about these podcasts?
This clueless man trying to navigate dating in 2016.
Yeah no we get questions like I'm cheating on my girlfriend at college and it's going
great.
How can I keep my girlfriend from finding out about my new college girlfriend?
Good lord.
Yeah people are people are not good.
Have you thought about just calling the show just like bad and horny?
Oh maybe season two.
Or just like how about bad boy?
Bad boy sounds almost too hot.
Oh bad boys is taken.
Yeah bad boy is fun.
Not the singular.
Yeah what if it was just Martin Lawrence?
Call it bad boy and the only change is that you show up in a leather jacket and everything
else is basically the same.
There is an episode where Amir is wearing the Ryan Gosling jacket from Drive.
The scorpion.
Which was based on a podcast question where it's like a friend in our group keeps wearing
this Ryan Gosling jacket from Drive.
How do we tell him to stop?
I thought you were saying Drive was based on a podcast question.
I think it was loosely loosely inspired by this American life.
Episode 12.
Monorail.
Monorail.
Thank you so much to Jake and Amir for taking the time to talk with us.
Nice nice fellas.
Nice boys.
Good boys.
Real good boys.
Real good boys.
Want to remind you that you have now I'm going to give you an official
time time remaining to order our awesome card game expansion for the game monikers.
You have nine days left.
OK for 10 bucks you're going to get the McElroy collection which it will be back up.
If you don't know monikers it's a game kind of like sort of a take on charades but fun
and it's a great party game.
One of the very most fun ones you can play is widely available by the way.
I saw it in the honey twice Virginia Target today so it is yeah it's out there.
We haven't expanded that game full of jokes from the show and references from all the
McElroy family of products that is available there for you.
We wrote all the cards there's like 112 of them and it was really hard to write all of
them because we didn't know what to say but we did it anyway because we never say die.
We never give up and you can preorder it for 10 bucks and once this preorder period ends
we have no plans at the moment to make more than that.
So the preorders are all we're doing.
So you'll want to preorder those and we'll have them out by the before the holiday season.
I believe we're within the holiday season.
They'll be there in time of the holidays but you have nine days left and go to McElroy
collection.com preorder that and don't miss out because you'll be really sad and you know
order a bunch of them then make a killing in the black market that's sure to emerge
once the period ends.
I mean we I guess that's fine.
Well no don't don't do that it's fine but don't do that.
It's fine but don't do that Link.
A portion of those sales will also go to Grow Huntington that is a new urban farming project
here in Huntington.
It's supposed to fight addiction with urban farming giving people who are in addiction
recovery a productive way to spend their energies and it's a really cool project.
GrowHuntington.org by the way is the G-R-O-W GrowHuntington.org is the website if you want
to check more information that but a portion of all sales from our expansion is going to
go directly to them so you're helping out a good cause too.
So McElroyCollection.com is that website address.
Please go and preorder that now you only have just nine days left.
As we've announced previously we are doing my brother my brother and me TV show with
CSO and we need your questions for that so we've set up like a google form that you
could fill out submit your questions if you go to bit.ly forward slash ask M-B-M-B-A-M-T-V
you could submit your questions there.
You know there's a couple different kind of guidelines on there and some stuff for
you to fill out and then your questions could be featured on the TV show.
We really need your questions so go submit it now.
Also I want to let everyone know that I do a podcast with my friend Tybee called Interrobang
where we kind of like talk about the stuff that's frustrating us about the world and
try to make sense of it all and we are doing our first ever live show here in Los Angeles
on August 13th at 7 30 p.m. at the three clubs.
Tickets are only eight dollars and like I said it's our first show so we're really
excited about it we'd love to have just a great crowd there you know we're not a hundred
percent sure what we're going to do but we know it's going to be great you could get
tickets ahead of time if you want to go ahead and get it out of the way and you're just
know that you're on the list by PayPaling us eight bucks with like your contact info.
Our PayPal is interrobangcast at gmail.com and in the meantime if you want to go check
out the show you can go to interrobangcast.com and check it out and we hope to see you there.
I want to thank Maximum Fun for having us on their wonderful network you can go to
maximumfun.org and check out all the amazing shows on the network they're all so super
good I guarantee if you just start clicking links you're going to find two to three shows
that you are absolutely going to adore I'm talking about shows like the Beef and Dairy
Network and One Bad Mother and Baby Geniuses there's so many amazing shows and you can
find them all at maximumfun.org we also have a bunch of other podcasts that we do which
you can find all at mcroyshows.com that includes the D&D podcast we do called The Adventure
Zone that includes Sawbones a podcast Justin does with his wife Cindy about medical history
it includes Schmanners a show that Travis does with his wife about manners and the the
the the proper application of them and Rosebuddies a podcast I do with my wife Rachel we're
about to later this week record the season finale episode talking about The Bachelorette
and then immediately the day after fucking Bachelor in Paradise because ABC has lost
their fucking minds with how they debut content on their channel anyway it's good news for
you though right why get in well because we have to do two podcasts in one week it's
not I can't imagine what that's like Griffin um okay then seven podcasts in one week on
top of the other six anyway it's on mcroyshows.com uh quick uh P.O. box update Griffin now has
a P.O. box which I swear to god I will put on mcroyshows.com I'm gonna come to your
house great with all our other contact info um I am moving back to Cincinnati at the end
of August so I'm going to discontinue my P.O. box then um if you've already sent something
don't worry about it I'm still gonna be here another month checking it but don't
send anything else out new from now forward if you want to send anything you can send
it to Griffin or Justin okay uh and thanks to John Roderick in the long winters for these
four theme songs it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed it's really
good Griffin you have a final yahoo for us I do a send in by riding high Zoe Kinski thank
you Zoe it's by yahoo answers user ddd who asks not the Kirby villain it's like the
letter three times ddd asks will bong water get my plants high my name's Justin McElroy
I'm Travis I'm Griffin McElroy this has been my brother my brother may kiss your
bad square on the lips but will it maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned
listener supported hello this month's beef and dairy network podcast is an olympic special
recorded here on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro we'll be tackling all the big issues should
athletes be allowed to eat lamb should olympic equestrian riders be able to ride on a cow
all these questions and more answered in this month's beef and dairy network olympic special
find us at maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcasts from
