The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Oh, sorry, Griffin, I need you to,
Griffin, I need you to go first. You should have freaking told me that, man.
I'm telling you now, Griffin. You caught me with my pants down.
Okay, do it. Let me see if I can even remember what to
say because I need you as like the, to be my prompter. Let me see.
Okay, well how about this. I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm Griffin McElroy, the young, and I'll, I'm do Griffin.
Shit. Oh, I didn't see you come in there. Sweep,
sweep, sweep, sweep. I was just cleaning up after another maximum fun drive. Sweep,
sweep, sweep. Trying to put all of our wonderful characters and costumes and grease paint
back in the trunk for another year. Sweep, sweep, sweep, mop, mop, mop.
Hey, it's old, it's old Bill. And he cleans up after us and when we do the max fun drive and
old Bill, I got to say, we made a huge dirty mess this time, bud.
Yeah, there's a lot of unused dildo jokes around here.
That's my fault. I've been stockpiling them thinking I'd get on a great run
about dildos and it never came. I actually, that is part of my, I bought a bunch of dildo
jokes from extreme restraints.com several years back and I haven't had a chance to burn through
them. Well, don't burn your dildos. That is bad for the environment. See,
that's just one of the jokes you guys could have used this year. You didn't.
You're leaving a lot on the table for this max fun drive.
Uh, it looks like that extreme restraints won't do a refund on these dildo jokes,
but they will do store credit if we did want to do a bunch of lube jokes.
Something to keep in mind. You want to trade them in for lube
jokes? Will they exchange one dildo joke and give us a sample of the lube jokes
so we can get kind of an idea of what we're talking about?
Yeah, it just says, here it comes, careful around this, but careful
around this, but it's slippery when wet. This is just Travis leaning back in.
This one just says lube him. I barely know him. So that's good. That could be cool.
Yeah. I, um, uh, I, I have a huge contraption, uh, with various gears and cranks and turning,
uh, things. It's a very complicated and it's just for slamming my butt. It's called a lube
Goldberg machine. Oh, that's nice. And that's great. Okay. Yeah. There's a,
this deal's going through, baby. Yeah. Hey, uh, just, this is old Bill still.
Old Bill, what are you guys talking about? Do you guys want me to stick around?
Nah, we're doing like a different intro thing now, old Bill.
Cause I was cleaning up after, cause this is the last week of the Maximum Fun Drive. Sweep,
sweep, sweep. And this is people's last chance to become a member here at Maximum Fun HQ. Sweep,
sweep, sweep, but just keep the lights on. Keep old Bill, uh, in, in, you know, I do a lot of
collectibles. I have a lot of porcelain figures that I can't afford without your max fund membership.
Sweep, sweep, sweep, mop, mop, mop. Yeah. And that is Bill Maher, which is weird.
That's so weird. That Bill Maher is the one who cleans up after.
I don't do it for the money. I do it for the love, the love of the cleaning.
Well, you do do it kind of for the money, Bill. Well, for the porcelain figures,
but I don't live off of porcelain figures. I mean.
Um, who would have been funnier there? If I'd said Bill de Blasio.
Bill de Blasio? Billingfall.
Should I give him like the- Bill Nye? But that wouldn't explain the-
That wouldn't explain the accent. No, I'm Bill Nye.
Oh. Bill Nye the cleaning guy.
Do you think Bill Nye, people get him confused for Bill Nye saying his name in a cool way? Like
here comes Bill Nye? So did you guys want me to stick around and-
No, I don't want you to have been here in the first place, Bill Maher. I think your
shit's reprehensible. I'm a different Bill Maher.
Okay. I'm the one who loves cleaning.
So this is the final episode of the Max Fun Drive. Fortunately, we've probably gotten all
the money from you that we're going to get because you're certainly not going to reward
us after this. I would say bad introduction. I should also tell you, this is my two weeks
notice. So this is old Bill's final episode too. You guys will have to clean up your own
dildo jokes after this. You won't have old Bill to push around anymore. Sweep, sweep,
sweep. I have a brief story to tell you.
Okay. Is it about me?
Bill Nye was a regular in a restaurant called Fiorello's on the Upper West Side back in 2015.
Well, he was performing Skylight on Broadway. He went in one night and the staff said,
Hey, Mr. Nye, the other Bill Nye is in the back of the restaurant. I said, Oh my God,
the pair met and had pictures taken. So were they friends or foes? There was no conflict.
We were respectful of one another.
I was slightly sniffy because my name is rarer, but he doesn't know that. He was very gracious
and we had a laugh and he'd had this conversation with people same as I had. So it was quite
funny to finally be united. Okay. This story is great, but the person I want to celebrate
is the person who worked the restaurant is like, Oh my fuck. Oh my God, it's happening
and I'm going to fucking do it. That's the weird thing is like, I'm going to go to Bill
Nye. I'm going to go to fucking, uh, uh, uh, what's his pirate? Davy Jones. Davy Jones.
I'm going to go right up to Davy Jones and tell him that beloved site is Bill Nye is
in this restaurant too. He's going to love this shit.
The moment I would love to be in the brain of that employee for is when Bill Nye walked
in and knowing Bill Nye, he was a regular that like the, the air of possibility. It
wasn't just crackled. Yes. I'm just like, it's happening. It's all just like the fortune
teller said. Anyway, this is the final episode of the max fun drive. Please, if you have
not, uh, joined the network, if you do enjoy our show and the other stuff that we make
and you want to support us in a very, very direct and meaningful way, uh, you can go
to maximumfund.org slash join and, uh, sign up to become a member, find the monthly membership
level that, uh, works for you. We know it is a strange time, uh, and, uh, an extremely
bad time. Um, but we, uh, strange almost didn't seem to cover it. Strange doesn't cover it
at all, but we, we do need your, uh, support and your support has allowed us to grow over
the last 10 years and turn this into our jobs and allow us to do all kinds of really fantastic
stuff. Uh, and so, uh, yeah, go, go check out the different levels. We will talk about
them later on in the show, but once again, it's maximumfund.org slash join, and this
is the last week of the drive. So, uh, if you, if you have been thinking about doing
it, don't wait, let's get into questions. Let's like help for a change. Finally. Sure.
Finally, let's help someone. Let me just open the question. Yeah. Somebody try, I don't
know if you sent them. I might not have. Okay. I mean, I'm looking at them. The wheels have
fallen off here. Let's go ahead and get those over on my desk. Pronto. I mean, I'm, I've
got them. Yeah, you've got them, but does that help me? Oh, you know, I guess I never
really thought about it like that, Jamien. Let's have it, bud. Come on. I just sent it.
You couldn't even put a subject in. Wow. No, I was rushing. You said top speed. You can't
see top speed and then get mad at me for not putting this. Dear Justin, these are the questions.
Love Travis. What if I need to find the right archives later? I come to you today and need
a bit of advice. That was unnecessary. I sent applications to many a college. Many have
sent back swag as stuff they like to call it. Travis, do you know what swag stands for?
Uh, sweet. Willy. Agreed. Stuff we all get. Oh. Yeah. As they like to call it. Most of
it is garbage, but one college sent me the most exquisite shirt. It proudly proclaims
I'm a member of their class of 2024, which I am not. I've worn this shirt many a time
at home as it is extremely comfortable. I wore it in public once where someone yelled
from a six feet distance. Yo, mascot represent. They didn't say mascot obviously. I had to
pretend I didn't hear him. What do I do if this happens again? That's for misrepresented
alma mater in Maine. I, uh, I had a shirt from Shepherd University, which I did a tour of,
uh, when I was weighing my options that, uh, I only recently got rid of and I did wear
a lot and did have a couple of times where people was like, oh, fuck yeah. Shepherd.
I went there. What, what, what was your major? I'd be like, my major was going to Marshall
University. A fine, a very fine institution. And I'm sorry that I wore that shirt, but,
uh, it, it makes my, it makes my eyes pop. You know, but there's another for, I got a
version of this where I did go to the University of Oklahoma and I would wear an OU sweatshirt
and someone would say boomer sooner and then attempt to ask me about what I thought of
current football team. That's tough. That's tough. That's when you play the part of,
I didn't go to OU. I just liked this shirt. But I did. My thing is having people yell
boomer sooner at me. Yeah. Just like that. That's the only way I could feel alive.
Um, I mean, you gotta know that this is a risk when you wear a free shirt. Like there's
no such thing as a free shirt. I forget who said that. Um, it was Abraham Lincoln. It was
Abe Lincoln. Uh, and that's why he was the, what we call the topless president. Um, always had
even when someone tried to buy him a shirt or tried to sell him a shirt. He said nice. He said
nice fucking try. He said, you gotta wake up a little bit earlier than that to get old Abe
Lincoln. And, and then unfortunately, um, someone did wake up quite early. Um, I don't think you
should wear the shirt anymore if you're not ready to, if you don't have like an arrow in this quiver,
you know what I mean? Especially since it says class of 2024. So it is not just like,
it doesn't just say like Marshall University. It says Marshall University,
class of 2024. Your shirt is a lie. It's a lie. It is weird though. It's a weird called shot for
this school, right? Like, well, I'm not going to come there. Well, but we gave you the shirt.
Maybe. The shirt said you did come here. Your shirt said you're coming. I mean, listen,
it says right here, it's an exquisite shirt. Seems like this college is so confident in this shirt
that they're like, once we send them the shirt, we got them. This is like when McDonald's sent
me a shirt that said I ate 100 Big Macs today. And then I was like, oh geez. I mean, I do want
to wear the shirt, but oh shit. Now it's like a prophecy. Now it's now we're, we're as final
destination. There's no escaping this. I'm going to eat a hundred big, big, big, big Macs today.
Yeah. Maybe you should just go to the college. Do you think about that?
Just freaking go and expand your horizons. Take some classes, learn a new language.
They probably have other cool shirts. Oh yeah. Experiment with yourself, with your body.
With your body.
With other people's bodies?
With consent.
With consent.
Do not experiment on people without consent.
But biohack your body. Give yourself like a-
Yeah, biohack your body. See if you can make your butt glow like a firefly.
Put a fucking flash drive somewhere in there. Give yourself like a, an antenna.
Oh yeah.
That's what college is for, is to put in antennas.
And what I hate about this, this show is I can't even zone out for 30 seconds and then snap back
in and have any idea what the fuck you guys are talking about. You know what I mean? I feel like
I should be able to check out every once in a while and check back in and be like, oh, I get
the bit. I know what we're doing here, but like antennas and stuff. What are you talking about?
You see, one time my friend Bob told me that people were inventing this biohacking thing
where I could inject myself with some sort of genome that made it so my muscles were engaged
all the time and would give me super strength. Now, to Bob's credit, I don't know how much of
that is what he actually said, or how much of that is what I just heard.
Hold on.
But ever since-
Very difficult thing, isn't it? Memory.
Yes. So ever since I heard that, I've just thought about like, hey,
can we hurry up and perfect that? Because that sounds really cool.
So you're telling me like you go to the optometrist and they're like, oh yeah,
Travis, it looks like your eyes, they do need a slightly stronger prescription. It looks like
your cones have deteriorated. But what you're hearing is like, yeah, we're going to give you
super cool laser glasses that are going to turn your eyes into x-ray eyes, and you're going to
love it.
I am always disappointed when I get the eye tests and they do the lens things and they're like,
better like this or better like that. And I want it to just keep getting better. Like where's that
glasses technology, right? Like if you know how to fix my eyes to normal, just keep going.
That's good. That's good. That's that Seinfeld shit. Here's a Yahoo that was-
That's not a joke. I'm angry about this.
I know, I know. Graham Roboc sent this one in. Thanks, Graham. It's from an anonymous Yahoo
answers user who I'm going to call Lucius asks, I dropped my library book in the toilet and I need
to return it by tomorrow.
So after pulling it out of the toilet, most of the pages were wet. Can I still take the book back?
If not, how can I dry it without damaging it even more? I don't know that there is a level of dryness
that is ever going to make it not a toilet book. Like you can remove, you can remove,
you can desaturate the book, but you cannot de-toilet-ate the book. It will always be a
toilet book forever now. And here's the thing, folks. Before you all jump to email us, dear
Justin, Travis, and Griffin, maybe it was a clean toilet. One, no such thing. Two, are you saying
that this question asker was just standing over the toilet, not using it, just like that's where
they had stopped randomly to read their book over an open toilet? I'm so glad Travis finally brought
this up because every episode we get these clean toilet people coming after us because we talk
about like, oh no, you dropped your phone in the toilet, it's done. Every fucking episode we get 50
emails like, oh, toilets can be clean if you clean them. People listen. At the toilet factory where
they make the toilets, somebody finishes screwing on the toilet seat and gives it one final spit
shine and then they look at it and they go, ugh, gross. It's a toilet where people do the worst
stuff we can do with our bodies, we do to these chairs. There is no cleaning them.
When they raise the toilets in captivity, the elders tell them there is no better life for you,
child. You must accept now you are a dookie machine. They don't aspire to anything better
than that. This is what they assume they're made for and that is unshakable. If you drop a book
in a toilet that's just come out of the store, it still has been raised to know that it accepts
only excrement and pee pee. There should be a fancy word for pee pee. I know, right?
Yeah. The good news is this, that a book was already written that lets you know at what
temperature books burn. So if you pop that book in the oven at 450, that's going to dry that out.
450 is going to get it done fast.
You may even want to, I don't know how precise your oven is. Calibration is important, but
you may even want to bump that down a few degrees.
No, no, no. If you're talking about how fast you can do it, 450, but Justin is right. You
are going to want an accurate temperature in there because sometimes it could be plus or
minus five degrees.
Yeah. And then you're going to fucking call Ray Bradbury and be like,
I have a complaint to regist- Oh, he's not. He's pat- Oh.
Do you think old Ray Bradbury was doing some really in-depth testing with that where he's like,
okay, 450, no, 452, definitely. Let me see. There's gotta be.
Yeah. So here's the good news. You can look inside of the library book for that little
card that I'm guessing is still in there that shows you how many times it's been checked out.
Yeah.
Let's say if your name is the third one on there, if you are at least the third person to have
been loaned this book, it's been in a toilet at some point. At some point-
In the toilet or around the toilet?
I mean, I'm not so much of a proof that I think if it's in a bathroom somewhere, that it has been
permanently befouled as it would if it had actually entered the commode perimeter. But if you're the
third person to get this book, odds are one of the first two people did drop it in the loo.
Now, one time I did leave a paperback copy of 1984 in the rain, and it did dry. But when it dried,
it was all wrinkly and crinkly, which I don't understand the chemical reaction that happened
there. But it was pretty obvious that something dynamic had happened to this tome. So I don't know
that you could, even if you dried it thoroughly, roll back up and be like, yeah, I finished it.
It was a real page-turner. Here you go.
Yeah, that's a good point. There is no, sorry. I don't know what kind of book conditioner you
need to rub all over these pages in order to get back there.
I would like you to trust me with another book now, please.
It's weird how even if a book dries out after you get it wet, it still looks wild.
Yeah.
Isn't that weird? The book's like, oh, finally, I can kind of stretch out a little bit.
Oh, thank you so much. This is the real me.
How about another question?
Oh, Griff, I'd love that, bud. What I'd love even more is if it had just happened organically,
because I think we all felt the moment, and I was about to just launch into it.
Okay.
So just kind of, okay, just a note.
How about another question?
I recently got a new water bottle that's big enough to hold the recommended daily intake.
That's not possible. You don't think you're going to have a 64-ounce water bottle?
Nobody should be drinking 60. I scoff at 64-ounce. I have 64 ounces before breakfast.
Wait, do you-
I'm putting away-
I'm confused.
I'm putting away 120 on the daily.
Are you okay?
That's a lot, bud.
You know what? If you look at that 64-ounce's recommendation, that doesn't take into account
height, weight, activity, none of that stuff. And it's also antiquated.
We need to be pounding water 24 hours a day.
Not so much that you die, lawyers.
Sorry.
But what about when I'm asleep?
Sorry, lawyers.
Not so much that you die, asterisk.
And Justin's not going to say don't pee so you keep all that good water inside your body
anymore, because he used to say stuff like that, and we did get in a little spot of legal trouble.
Yeah, you just- Anyway, it's not possible. I have a 20-ounce water bottle that I drink
six to eight times every day. You need more water.
And you're a big strong boy.
I'm a huge man.
That's not what I said.
I recently got a new water bottle. It's big enough to hold the recommended daily intake,
which we've established as a fabrication. But moving on. I've been filling it up in my
work's water cooler with no issue. But as I was filling it up today, two people got in line behind
me. One of my co-workers started talking about how we only have a limited number of water jugs
for everyone to use. How should I just take one of the huge gallons back to my desk and joked if I
was going to replace the bottle when I was done? What's the etiquette here? Should I fill my bottle
up at home instead? Should I step out of line if other people are behind me? I just want to stay
hydrated. That's from professionally parched.
Your co-worker is a fucking asshole.
Yeah, I think a good tactic here is to sort of hoist up your leg and lift open the bottom of
one of the pant legs and tell them to huff the farts right out of there. If that's the fucking
energy and attitude they're going to bring to your doorstep.
Your job has so few bennies, right? Like you get, what, maybe if you're lucky, insurance.
Maybe like a parking space, right? Maybe even a company car. But water is a basic human building
block.
Shitty! These co-workers who are complaining are like,
yeah, I mean, we've all signed on to work until our bodies die and we'll be kept at
sort of the poverty line the whole time, but too much free wawa over there, don't you think, Jeffy?
No, okay. I want to leap to the co-worker's defense, which they don't list in our podcast,
so I don't know why I'm doing this. But if this person does have, and we have to assume a 64 ounce
bottle of water, because I feel like anything larger than that would be wild. I mean, I've
maybe seen big gulps that are bigger, but very rare. This is a lot. I mean, this is a tankard,
okay? This is a big, big old, big old jug. If you just want to get up and enjoy a cup of water
and someone is like taking five minutes to fill their tankard, I think that you're into like
grocery rules, right? I have one thing, you have 50 things, I'll go ahead. Oh, you only have one
thing, you go right ahead because I don't want to hold you up with my 100 things that I'm buying.
I feel like if you're going to fill up a huge jug of water and there's somebody behind you that
just has one of those delicate little cones for no one, then you should let them have their delicate
cone of water like they're a fucking hummingbird that knows shit about hydration.
What I like to call the memory of a drink. Imagine if one of those paper cones probably
holds six ounces of water, right? If that. If that, right? So your daily amount of hydration
is 10 times, oh sorry, I'm reading now four ounces, okay? So that's basically not applicable.
I have to get a calculator out now to figure out. 16. Let's say we're working off 64, it's four
ounces. That's 16 cups of water. Imagine if you were standing behind someone and they filled that
cup up and pounded it 16 times right in front of you. Now that'd be amazing. It'd be amazing.
How about this? The next time that asshole coworker is out there, because here's the thing,
Justin, you're not wrong about the grocery rules. I do agree with you on that. If they had said,
may I fill my cup real quick? That's not what I said though, is it? No. So here's what you do.
Next time you see them getting up, you beeline over there and get in front of them, and you have
taken an empty water jug jug, and you're just going to transfer all the water left in the jug
into your giant jug, and then take your empty water jug back to your desk, leaving an empty
water jug on the top. And then the juice is running. And then it's going to come at a premium.
You've moved all the full jugs to your desk where you sit atop them in an H.T.O.O. throne.
And what will you do after you're fired that day?
I mean, they can't fire you at that point. You're fucking a Morton Joe.
You are the keeper of the water. The water flows when you say it does.
I drink your bottled water.
I've abandoned my job. You don't have time to work. You're hoarding water.
It's the fucking gall. Are you going to replace that? The fucking gall of it.
No one wants to be here. It's water. Can you not just fucking chill? Go to the sink. The sink
water is fucking fine. I'm giving you a 10 minute excuse not to work. You're welcome.
We should be in the boss's office fucking tearing them limb from a limb for what they're doing for
us. And then we are going to take this building hostage and dismantle the entire fucking economy
brick by brick and nail by nail. But you're in here like too much water, Dougie. Are you fucking
kidding me? Yeah, this is something that the ruling class has invented to keep the peasants
occupied. It's not even counting deck chairs on the Titanic. It's like someone coughed in
the Titanic while it was sinking. And another person was like, can you cover your mouth?
How rude. It's like somebody fucking drop kicks you off of a lifeboat on the Titanic. So all
the riches can get on it. And you accidentally bump into another poor on the way. And they're
like, what's your fucking problem, man? You think there had to be, I bet what you're describing with
the coughing did happen at least one time on the Titanic. Oh yeah. That would be so choice.
Could you tell me a little bit about Max Fun Drive? All right. Let's say that I love supporting
the things that I love. And I'm already at Maximumfun.org forward slash join. I'm ready
to pledge some money to help keep these wonderful shows going, but I'm doing it out of the goodness
of my heart. But guess what? I'm going to get some gifts in return. If I pledge $5 a month,
I'm going to get over 200 hours of bonus content. Our amount of stuff there is wild. There's
commentary tracks for our TV show. We've had episodes where our wives do the show
for us out of, which was one of my faves because it didn't require any work. And they're better
at it than we are. And they're much better. Better at it than we are. Their advice is actually like
worth taking, which is a big departure for us. If you can pledge $10, there's many other shows with,
I mean, many dozens of other programs to enjoy. If you can pledge $10 a month, you can get all
the boco, as I hate saying. But you're also going to get one of 40 different enamel pins
from your favorite Max Fun show. There's other gifts. $20 a month, there's a game pack with
Max Fun dice and cards. But really what you're doing is you're pledging money to help keep the
shows you love coming. Out of every pledge, a small portion of it goes to Max Fun. And then
the rest is divided amongst the shows that you say you listen to when you sign up. So it's a way of
directly supporting these shows. That money goes to, well, for starters, it helps us pay our bills
and feed our kids and put clothes on their backs, which is so cool of you. But also buy audio
equipment and hosting and everything else. So we very, very, very much appreciate your support.
Literally, this is not a line. It is the only reason we are able to do what we do,
especially currently with the world as shitty as it is. We can't go tour, do any sort of live stuff
or anything like that. So we really are depending on you. So please, please, please, please, please,
please, please, please, maximumfun.org forward slash join. This is the last time you're going
to hear about it on our show, except for maybe a brief reminder at the end. If you've been waiting
until the last moment, this is practically it. Please, maximumfun.org forward slash join. If
you're already a member, we really appreciate you. You're the best. Thank you so, so, so much.
And please, if you can find it in your heart and you're not already a member, please go ahead and
join us. And we should just say, I mean, we're pitching this, right? This is the max fun time
of year. But if you're not able to, we also understand that. Man, it's uncertain out there.
We were just talking about like, we haven't been able to tour. We haven't been able to do stuff.
We get it. It's tough out there for everybody. And if you're not able to, you can do things like
share that maximumfun.org slash join link. You can use the hashtag max fun drive. You can share
clips with people. You can retweet tweets about the show, anything like that. All that support
matters to us too. We also have a thing this year called boosting. In the past, we have talked a lot
about like upgrading your membership and maybe you're not ready to move up to a new level this
year, but you still want to give a little bit more to support the shows you love. You can do that by
boosting, which allows you to incrementally increase your membership without having to move
up to the next level. It won't qualify you for the rewards other than the bonus content because
every member gets that. But it's a way to support a little bit more if you're looking to do that.
How about another Yahoo from Yahoo Answers. Yahoo, the website, they do email and they
do answers. Those are their two services they provide. This is one of the latter. It was sent
in by Emma Camp. Thank you, Emma. So Yahoo Answers use James who asks, how do I get the most out of
my time at the Olive Garden? We talk a lot about sort of like maximizing, exploiting the Olive
Garden economy is this constant source of conversation on this show. We've talked about
like minimum age requirements for even entering the Olive Garden facility, which is important.
We've squared that away. This is more, listen, it's tough to get out to restaurants right now,
isn't it? And by tough, I mean morally indefensible, but also tough. So when you're there,
we know your family, but how can you really make each fucking moment matter?
What's great about that question, Griffin, I'm so glad you brought it to the table,
is like it is subjective in such a poignant way, right? Because one could argue pasta and bread
are very filling, right? So you can't just say eat some pasta and breadsticks, right? Because then
you're going to get full very quickly. But also counterpoint, you can't say just like eat some
like lettuce and cherry tomatoes and get the most lettuce and cherry tomatoes you can, because are
you really getting the most out of your Olive Garden experience? Yeah, so wait, now this is
interesting. Instead of coming to a compromise between those two ideas, we should measure which
one is the best. But just to say the two extremes are you enter the Olive Garden and never eat
and never leave. They won't kick you out. It's a fucking Olive Garden. Yeah. You can just kind of
ride your family. They cannot kick you out. You're their dad now. And you can just kind of chill
and never eat and be there forever. And there you are making the most out of your time because you
have given yourself infinite time. The alternative to that is you walk into the Olive Garden and they
shoot you in the face with a spaghetti gun. And then you get what you get, you slam what you can
slam, and you turn on your heels and walk right out the door. This is a lot like asking about
life, Griffin, when you think about it. It's interesting that you say that. Yeah, should you
live a timid life, but be in the Olive Garden for as long as you can, or lead an adventurous,
aggressive life, but only have a limited time in the Olive Garden? Okay, you guys are fucking
wasting time. When you first show up, you're going to be waiting for a table. Tell them,
while you're waiting, you can get half off wine, okay? So that's one thing that you need to know
right now. And I know that from my time as an employee. That's huge. That's going to be
maximizing your budget and also your time. Well, before you even do that, though,
be saying the word, be shouting the word spaghetti as you walk in the door. As you are in the
vestibule, in the airlock from the front door to the door in, be saying spug, like ready to
get it going. May I take it one step further? Please. Call as you're driving there and request
that a server meet you outside with a basket of breadsticks so you can be eating the breadsticks
as you walk into the building. Good. Have them hang breadsticks from string from the ceiling
that you can nibble on as you sprint at full speed to the table they've prepared for you.
Maybe you open your car door to drive to the Olive Garden. What's that on your driver's seat?
Basket of breadsticks. Hey, hey, guys, I have stumbled on an article called Olive Garden Hacks,
24 secrets straight from your server. Yes. Because I wanted to make sure that that half off wine
thing was legit. I'm worried from the journey I'm about to take you guys on. I'm worried we're not
going to have time to do the rest of the podcast, but I'm just going to. Now we do have some money
zones. Should we go ahead and do the money zone? There's 24 secrets here. We got to cancel the ads.
Yeah, we may not have time for the ads. Okay. There are some that are less wild, right? Split
your meal with your partner in order to use two coupons at once. Okay, that's a little annoying,
but sure. Here's the first one. Never pay full price for your kids to eat at Olive Garden.
Olive Garden, about once every two months, two to three months, Olive Garden runs week-long
promotions where kids can eat for only $1. Unless you just got to have those breadsticks now,
I recommend waiting for these promotions. Can you imagine staring your kids straight in the
fucking face and be like, they're like, mommy, can we go to Olive Garden? Like, well, when you
cost a dollar, we can. Absolutely not. We're just going to keep aspiring to it. Don't buy the wine.
Bring your own cheaper bottle instead. What? And you bring your own wine to Olive Garden. They're
going to charge you a $7 corkage fee. That's insane. Okay. That's unbelievable that that
structure is in place. For that to work, then that means that whatever bottle of wine you bring has
to be at least $7.01 cheaper than what you were. Almost certainly, yes. The markup there has to be.
You probably will be saving. Just the idea of being at Olive Garden and you reach into your
giant cargo short pants and pull out from the cargo shorts, the pocket, a bottle of wine and
say, I'll be paying a corkage fee for this wine I brought. Get this. You can sample up to three
wines for free. The sample pour is three ounces. That can't be right. That's nine ounces of the
good stuff. That can't be right. This is number 12 on this list. Employees get 50% off meals after
their shift. This is one of the highest employee discounts I've seen. Considering a career in the
restaurant industry and you love pasta, you're all set. That's not a tip. That's not so much a hack,
really. That's a pivot of your life. Hey, honey, you want to go to either Olive Garden tonight?
Give me a second to fill out this employment form online. Let me call my boss at the hospital to tell
him I'm quitting being doctor. This person must have sold the article as 24 tips and then started
to get really desperate because number 16 is ask your server to box up half your meal when they
serve it to you. Voila, two meals. What? No. Not at all in any way, shape, or form is that the
truth. And how is that an Olive Garden hack and not a just sort of like- That's a life hack.
Yeah. Hey, when you bring me the meal, box up half of it before you bring it to the table.
Someone's been doing their research. Yeah, you heard that you can get two meals for the sprites
of one that way. Daddy, I'm doing my math homework. What's 16 divided by two? Oh, you mean like at
Olive Garden? Okay, this is good. Order half and half soup if you can't decide which soup you want.
Olive Garden has four different kinds of soup. You guys know, I'm saying with me, minestrone,
chicken gnocchi, zuppa, Toscana, and pasta. How do you decide? You mix and match. Ask your server to
mix the zuppa Toscana soup and the chicken gnocchi together, or enjoy the pasta e fagioli with the
veggie heavy minestrone for less calories. So basically, your tip is to be a soup lunatic
who just says, hey, I'm sure you worked on these recipes or whatever, but just go ahead and dump
them all in one vat for me. And if you could bring a straw with that, I'd appreciate it.
I just wanted to check and see if you guys were ready to order. Yes, could you ruin some soup
for me, please? Of course, of course. You know what? How about just give me one fifth a portion
of all five mixed together? Yes, of course. Yes, the soup mess, as we call it.
I ask for an Italian soda, even though it's not on the menu. So it's not on the menu anymore,
but you can order an Italian soda with the flavors from the Olive Garden lattes. I think that if you
ordered an Italian soda from the server at Olive Garden, they would stare at you blankly and then
lie on the ground until you left. All of these tips do seem to assume a certain level of engagement
from the Olive Garden employee, that they wouldn't just say like, no. And the last tip here is buy
Olive Garden dressing in grocery stores. So I guess maybe you could bring your own bottle of
dressing and just pay the corkage fee on that. Like, oh no, I brought my own. Thank you.
Now we really, really should go to the Money Town, though. All right, let's go. Come on.
What more needs to be said? They're comfortable. Well, the ad has a lot of more.
Okay, now I was trying to do like a prestige-y thing. What more needs to be said? They're
comfortable, yes, but they also want you to be comfortable expressing yourself
because they've dedicated, okay. Do you remember when I said let's try and get through these
fast and now you're doing it like some sort of like damaged magician robot? I was trying to do
it like it was like an Apple like presentation, okay. You sound like a broken clockwork man.
Please do it faster. Meonies is dedicated to making the world's softest undies in classic colors,
but also fun prints like dinosaurs and surfboards. I have ones that have slices of pizza on it
that I really, really enjoy. Every time I put it on, it makes me feel like a real tubular dude.
And these super soft fabrics start with sustainably sourced beechwood trees
that magically turn from pulp to yarn to undies. And I never want anyone to explain to me how a
tree becomes my underpants. They're just great. So if you want to try these tree-based underpants,
you can get 15% off your first order free shipping 100% satisfaction guarantee by going to
meondies.com slash my brother. That's meondies.com slash my brother. Put your legs in some trees.
Hey, we are supported in part by Squarespace this week. They're the website ones. They're
the ones that they give you the tools that you need to showcase your work, sell products,
and services of all kinds, promote your physical or online business. It also says dot dot dot and
more, which I've never really read as suggestive, but now it's the only way I can kind of read it.
Uh, and they got the beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box. They got analytics to help you grow in
real time. They got free and secure hosting and you never have to patch or upgrade. Fuck all.
So it's a great- It says it right there.
It's a super cool service and uh it lets you use a website and make a website for you
and then you'll be on the internet and that's cool. So go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code mybrother, all one word,
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Okay. Oh boy.
Celebrity wine why not?
Huh.
Celebrity wine why?
This is the mashup.
Ma- ma- mashup.
Celebrity wine why squad? Welcome to Celebrity Wine Why Munch Squad. It's a podcast within a podcast
within a podcast that profiles the latest and greatest in brand eating and wine.
Um this is not a celebrity wine per se but it is a where the world's wine and the world of
Munch Squad meet. Uh so this is uh extremely exciting for me uh to finally get these two
great brands together and it's funny that I'm bringing two great brands together because uh
thank you to Chris before I move on for sending this along. Um the pack is back.
Cheez-It, White Cheddar, and Refreshing House Wine Rosé combine for two- a year two toast.
Just in wine- just in time, sorry, unintentional pun, just in time for National Wine and Cheese Day,
Cheez-It and House Wine, which are neither, uh offer the perfect summer pairing.
The FOMO-inducing Cheez-It and Wine Box that had everyone buzzing last year is back.
What? Wait, so remember when everyone was buzzing a year ago about this?
But more than that the implication being that I might see perhaps some sort of influencer on
Instagram enjoying this Cheez-It and Wine Box combination and I would be like oh god I'm so
afraid I'm missing out. Yes. Okay. Uh this year's limited edition offers a brand new summer ready
combination. Cheez-It, White Cheddar, and House Wine Rosé. Why do they continue to put the White
Cheddar after Cheez-It? I don't know. That's very irritating. Made with 100% real cheese. Cheez-It,
White Cracker- House Wine. House Wine. I mean with 100% real cheese. Cheez-It, White Cheddar,
Crackers. I don't know man we keep squeezing the cheese and this incredible rosé keeps squishing
out of it. Your guess is as good as mine dude but don't stop the cash cow. That's some slippery
language made with 100% real cheese. All that is guaranteeing you is a single molecule of cheese
at some point in the process. White Cheddar Crackers pair perfectly with the crisp refreshing
flavor of House Wine Rosé. All in one convenient package. If your idea of convenience is carrying
around a sloshy box of crackers from your living from your kitchen to your living room. And also
definitely uneven weight right? There's no way. Oh for sure. For sure. The wine side must be heavier
than the Cheez-It side. Yeah it's like an adult box of nerds. Uh it no secret it's no secret that
rosé is the ideal beverage for peak of summer. That's true you know rosé used to be so we're
looked down upon but there's a lot of great rosés. Are you saying it right and I've been saying it
wrong all my life? How have you been saying it Travis? Rosé. Pink. But you're saying it like
rosé. It doesn't matter. The crisp flavor of everyone's favorite summer drink. The tasty combo
is perfect for socially distant happy hour. Hey boss. Imagine. Imagine the socially distanced
party where the only the only concessions available are a single box of Cheez-It and wine.
But which by the way um is distributed through a spigot on the front of the box which I would
argue makes it the least perfect beverage to have at your socially distant happy hour.
Now I will say just as far as like getting it across the room my friends and I did used to
play space bag in college where we would take the bag out of the box of wine and hurl it across the
room at each other yelling space bag and if you got hit by it you had to drink but if you caught
it the other person had to drink. Yeah space bag. We know space bag. Yeah so you could get it across
the room easily without having to get in within six feet of each other but as Justin has indicated
there is a point in all space bag games where you have to put your mouth on a spigot. And that ain't
gonna get the Fauci seal of approval. No the tasty combo is perfect for a socially distant happy hour
a virtual book club or a cozy night on the couch. You know we all contain multitudes for sure but
I'm not sure there's a huge demographic that loves books almost as much as they love chugging
down dirty crackers with rotten strawberry water or a cozy night on the couch watching reality tv
with a few friends. We're actually not doing that anymore. I don't know if you all actually heard
that that's not actually what we're doing anymore. This is definitely someone who's writing this
copy and they could think of two things and they're like and you know when everything reverts
back to the way it was. You know these are for dirt bags too that don't give a shit about people
they can enjoy our thing. And this is you it could be enjoyed by yelling while yelling at people in
the supermarket. Following the success of our first edition of cheese it and wine which sold out in
minutes. What? We knew we had to bring the partnership back this summer with a new flavor
pairing said Jeff Delona senior director of marketing for cheese it. Was it sold online?
Yeah it's just online only. White cheddar is a long-standing favorite of cheese it fans and what
better match than light refreshing rose. Not only does it perfectly complement the cheesy goodness
it's also the unofficial wine of summer. You could just call it the official wine of summer I don't
think summer's gonna fucking suit you. Limited edition cheese it white cheddar and house wine
rose will be available online for $29.99 at OriginalHouseWine.com beginning at 2 pm eastern
on July 23rd. Don't worry it's already sold out. Oh okay cool I was worried because I knew I would
have to look deep into my soul and and like decide if I was gonna buy it or not and I'm glad that they
have saved me that level of introspection. Well Travis great news I have found listings for a box
of house wine rose and a big box of cheese it's white cheddar and a listing for super glue.
So you can kind of just do your own thing and I would argue that mine has double cardboard
in there to protect from fluid cracker contamination. Yeah but Griffin if I do it myself
that's nothing. There's I'm on the website where you go to order it and um I just got really sad
for a second. Okay I missed it of course and they said our cheese it and house wine pairing boxes
are sold out but don't worry we wouldn't leave you hanging. Click below to learn more about
this collaboration and see our favorite house wine and cheese it cracker pairings so you can
recreate it at home. Oh no. And I just feel like the idea the fact that they they didn't think
that I could think of how to buy cheese it at home myself that I a human person would go to
the store and be like well they're in different aisles I mean the law's the law I can't I can't
recreate this at home. Help me help me brands fix this for me. It is also as if the the emperor
was the one who's like look at my new clothes and also I'm naked because like you've just said like
we didn't we just charged you money as Griffin put it to glue two things together you dummies
you could do this you didn't need us to do the magic was in you all along.
Uh I should point out that um the the regular box of wine from them cost $21.99.
This box this partnership when it was available cost $30 so you are also buying a $9 box of
cheese hits which is airplane. Uh they're white cheddar cheese hits so. Ah to be fair yeah that
is absolutely true Griffin absolutely true um my advice to these two companies make more of them
they keep selling out instantly if you like the money parts just go ahead and make more of them.
Some. A lot more. Some human being who already thought that they were pretty
eroded inside saw how quickly it sold out and thought should I have charged more for this?
I yeah I already thought I was kind of pushing it with that $30 price tag but could I have been
more of a dirtbag about this? I feel like I should have charged more. Yeah I already thought I was
you know charging a lot of money for cheese hits but people seem to really want to spend this
kind of money on cheese hits. Am I helping people? Wait a minute am I a hero? Um similar the the
press release continues undaunted similar to the many varieties of cheese hit our wines run the
full spectrum of flavor said Hal Landvoight winemaker for Housewine we've seen Rosé skyrocket
in popularity over the past few years apparently skyrockets so much that we've had to duct tape
into a box of cheese hits especially during the warm summer season for the second year of this
partnership we knew the pairing had to feature Rosé as the perfect complement to the real cheese
flavor in cheese it white cheddar. Okay. Um Housewine is the recipient of several Best Buy accolades
um for which I'm assuming is uh Frank from Lost Prevention at my local Best Buy. You're gonna love
this stuff. Cheesy and wine in one box uh from leading industry publications such as Wine Spectator
and Wine Enthusiast which I'm assuming was in no way a joke. For additional details on this
partnership uh be sure to visit cheezit.com and originalhousewine.com. Hey welcome back for this
is year three of the cheese it house wine collabo this year uh bold step we just removed the divider
so now it's just wine and cheese it's sloshing around in there and we're charging 140 dollars
for oh it's sold out fuck it's gone fuck it's also we also just throw a random fucking Funko
pop in there it's just a it's a sloppy soupy surprise box. Can you imagine there is a um
there is a pairing uh uh guide on here on their website where how you can cheese it and cheers it
and they of course have white cheddar and rosé they have extra cheesy and pinot grigio they have
extra toasty and the sauvignon blanc they have original plus a nice red blend there's cheddar jack
plus cabernet sauvignon um and then there's uh malbec and cheez-it grooves zesty cheddar
rams and I just hope that somewhere in this world there was a 70 year old Argentinian man looking
out over his uh malbec and thinking I just hope one day that my family's vineyard which has been
in our family for generations and we've been fermenting this wine and I hope one day the malbec
we make can be paired can be used to wash down cheez-it grooves zesty cheddar ranch that is my
fondest hope this is what my grandpapa imagined when he uh planted this vineyard my grandpapa
who is buried in this vineyard whose very life forces by my grandpapa who is part of the terror
of of this uh this wine that we make can finally be uh used to wash down cheez-it grooves zesty
cheddar ranch so anyway that's the end of the show hey thanks so much for listening um
last plug maximumfund.org forward slash join please please please please you like our podcast
right please this is the last time come on maximumfund.org forward slash join come on
what do you got to lose except five dollars a month thank you to john roderick and the long
winters fuse for a theme song instead of part drop the album putting the days to bed and that's
all i'm gonna say about that wow there it is we have a podcast book coming out we wrote a book
about how to make a podcast that you are proud of and enjoy making it's called everybody has a
podcast except you we haven't talked about this that's weird that's weird huh it's very unlike us
if you want to pre-order it you can go to macroypodcastbook.com it's a how-to guide and
it's listen it's kind of funny but mostly it's gonna help you make a good podcast how did we
wrestle that url away from whoever was squatting on it i know macroypodcastbook.com you can pre-order
it now it comes out in january don't wait well well there you go nope that's it uh so we're gonna
end the show now with a final yahoo this one is sent in by sweep sweep sweep yep all done now
this one's sent by the prospector merit palmer thank you merit it's yahoo answers user they're
anonymous i'm gonna call them uh germ asks if i get blood all over my tax return form
will they audit me i don't feel like starting over
my name is justin mcelroy i'm travis mcelroy i'm griffin mcelroy this has been my brother my
brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
you maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
