The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome to my brother, my brother, meat advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet brother, Griffin McElroy.
Welcome to McElroy Master Class. Here in McElroy Master Class,
these three experts will take something that they are the masters of,
and we'll be teaching you about it. I, for example, will be teaching
sourdough bread making. Griffin, what will you be teaching?
I was gonna do sourdough bread making, but I guess I'll switch.
I can switch mine.
No, you said it first, and so I think it's only fair.
Can I do, wouldn't it be fucking hysterical if it was like sourdough bread eating?
That's pretty good.
Stop the podcast, I wanna get off.
I want you to be completely honest with yourself and with our listeners and with us.
Are you a master at eating sourdough?
That's a good point.
Do you know, what are some of the mastery points?
One is like selection is huge.
Don't cut yourself on the crust.
You're gonna cut yourself on the crust.
So I think it's mostly a sort of biological,
bioorganic sort of toughening of the gums,
whether that is through snus and snuff,
or whether that is through a sort of DNA alteration,
radiation, pills, surgery, gums surgery,
to make it tough getting turtle shell put on there.
What about pairing? What about pairings? Knowing the exact pairings.
What does this sourdough bread go with? What kind of moment?
Which ones are aphrodisiacs?
That's a fucking trap, Justin, because a true sourdough master,
the only thing that pairs well with sourdough is even more sourdough, baby.
That is true.
Now, Justin, I assume that for this masterclass, you will be teaching carpentry.
No, I'll do something else. I'll come up with something.
Hold on, let me think about it.
My wallet's pretty organized.
It's slim as hell.
I just got the essentials in there.
I got scans of things that I don't need to swipe.
I have no cash because I'm unmuggable.
Wait, you have scans of things you don't need to swipe?
What are you talking about?
Like my SAG card, right?
I'm not going to carry that around with me.
I don't need to prove that I have SAG credits at any moment in my life,
but I do need the number to be able to pay my dues.
So I scan that. Don't carry it around with me on my wallet.
Oh, I thought you meant like a photocopy of it in your wallet,
and I didn't see how that was better.
I mean, that's actually not a bad tip.
If you don't need to swipe it, but you do want it all you at all times,
get something thinner.
Some sort of translucent parchment perhaps.
We're deep. We're knuckle deep inquire right now.
And so like, I have not needed my wallet in a long, long time.
I put on socks and shoes yesterday to do some yard work.
And your feet screamed in pain.
I realized I had not worn socks in literally three months.
And so that was a challenge for me.
Justin, I know you've been doing some great wood projects
and you did suggest to us literally before we record
that you didn't want to talk about it.
Yeah, I just said I didn't.
I said before we, I was telling you guys about the bench I just finished.
And then I said, I didn't want to talk about it on the book.
And you said you wanted it to be private.
And I wanted to say, but son of a bench, that's good.
And you took that from Travis.
And I'm curious why you're ashamed of this incredible bench.
It's not that I'm ashamed.
I just want something for me.
And I think that should be okay.
I don't have to share every aspect of my life with the people.
I can have a little something for me.
I don't want to talk about woodwork.
Like I don't want to, first, I've just begun learning the craft.
So I don't want to be treated like some sort of expert in it
and say something silly.
But also, if I talk about anything on earth enough,
I'll accidentally start a podcast about it.
That's true.
I don't want to do that.
Maybe you should start another masterclass, Justin, about baking.
Because I think you're serving up a big tasty slice of humble pie right now.
My friend, look at this bench.
This is the bench.
This is the bench of a master carpenter.
This is the kind of bench that Christ would make.
It's just a simple-
Griffin, I'm sorry.
Nowhere in the Bible to say that Jesus was a master carpenter.
He might have been very bad at it.
He may have been just okay, but he-
If he was that great at it, he probably would have stuck with it.
That's what I was saying.
Anyway, Justin, what is your class going to be?
Because it can't be the thing you said about the wallet,
because that's not anything.
I guess I eat a lot of beans still.
Kind of different bean preps.
Dang it.
We did establish a super precedent that we can just talk about eating stuff good.
Shit.
Can I go back to that?
Because I can eat a lot of M&Ms in one sitting.
No, Travis, you've already done-
Bean cookery, listen to this.
I got lesson one, okay?
You're booting it up.
Hello, I'm sitting behind the table.
Hold on, booting it up?
Is it on fucking floppy disk?
Yeah, you have to preload all of them into your Commodore 64 and then run them.
Hi, it's me, Justin McElroy.
If you get a cup of red lentils
and then soak them in two cups of water overnight with some salt
and then blend them in a blender and make a dough,
and then you can make a tortilla out of red lentils,
that's all lentil tortillas.
It's delicious.
Should you, though?
Is it better that way?
You never stop to ask, should I do this?
I mean, it's better than a lot of different ways you can eat lentils.
Sure.
That's fair.
Okay, sure.
There's many more unpleasant ways to eat lentils.
Here is a brief summation of those.
Yeah.
Candied, like sunflowers, just raw.
Chewing your teeth down to nubs.
Juice.
Trying to enjoy raw cauliflower.
J-Dog.
Raw lentils, yes.
You do, you did twice there, say, eat sunflowers.
Are you talking about the seeds
or have you just been just sort of walking up to these bastards in the field
and just opening your mouth and running into them?
I wouldn't know the plant that makes lentils if it was my uncle.
I would not be able to identify this plant.
I know they come in a bag.
And fun fact about lentils.
Ooh, the one?
Here's like a bonus.
If you click down at the bottom, there's a hidden pixel.
And if you click on it, you get a bonus lesson.
If you read and you don't wash lentils,
apparently, in every bag of lentils, there's usually like a couple of pebbles.
Just to keep it fucking fresh and fun.
There's usually just like a couple of small pebbles.
And people say like, now make sure you wash these thoroughly
because there's probably some fucking pebbles in there.
As though that is a standard for any other food that we consume that is acceptable.
It's like lentils DRM that they put in there
to make sure you legally purchased these lentils.
How about just don't do that?
How about just get them out?
What do you want, Justin?
Someone to go through your lentils before they're in the bag and get the pebbles out?
Then what would you do?
One thing that's part of your responsibility with these lentils
is to make sure you get all the pebbles out of it.
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't want to.
Those are the prize.
Like a little toy in the cereal.
No, I know that doesn't track.
It doesn't work like that.
Should we do questions?
Yes, I would love that.
I have a fun new game.
Oh, good.
Oh, this is good.
Is it good?
Oh, it's good.
You'll like this.
This is actually, the idea was given to me by Moment of Magic Pod,
which you should check out.
Do you mean you stole it from them?
No, they tweeted it at me.
Okay.
I thought it was a great idea.
Okay.
And so I got a couple different things here first.
And I think Griffin, you might get this.
That's a hint.
Wait, is this another fucking quiz show?
Because you can't just say it's a different game
if it's play along at home.
No, this is a different game.
This is not-
Okay, so this is a quiz show where if you're listening at home
and you try to fucking answer this,
you have to delete the podcast
because you're not allowed to play at home.
I mean, listen, there are questions.
Then this is play along at home.
What's the difference between this and play along at home?
Hey, Griffin, can I talk to you over here for a second?
Yeah, sure.
How come every time I bring a game,
you just assume it's going to be bad?
Good question.
That's the first question of the quiz.
Okay, listen.
I'm not saying that because you don't even know.
Hey, Griffin, we're still over here.
You haven't even heard what the quiz is based on yet.
Okay, but it's a fucking...
If Alec Trebek showed up to the set of Jeopardy
and was like, what up, everybody?
I got a bunch of cool questions for you all
in my new game, Quisms,
and you feel like, what?
Yeah, this game's called Quisms.
I'm going to ask you answers
and you have to give me the forms of the questions.
And people will be like, bud, that's Jeopardy.
You can't just say this is a different,
welcome to my new game, Wheel of Letters.
Do you mean Wheel of Fortune?
It's similar in a lot of ways.
Hey, Griffin?
Yeah, fucking, okay, go.
You haven't even heard what it's about.
Okay, let's hear it.
We're going to talk about Cameo, the service Cameo.
Okay.
Now, let me start off the bat right here.
If you don't know what it is, Cameo is a really fun service.
This is not a paid advertisement.
It's very fun where you go
and you pay celebrities different amounts of money
to say a birthday wish or something like that.
Happy anniversary message, something like that.
You can get Richard Karn to flip off your principle.
Right.
I tried to get Richard Karn to do a message
for our 500th episode.
He said, and I just got a message back
and I was like, sorry, don't do paid ads.
Smiley face emoji.
And I was like, that sucks.
But I did also just get a free email from Richard Karn.
Nice.
Fucking cool.
I will be talking about Richard Karn in this segment.
Oh, fantastic, fantastic.
He seems nice as hell, by the way.
Yeah, we have a lot of friends on Cameo,
including Matt Doyle to go buy a Cameo for Matt Doyle,
support some actors and performers
during these off work times.
So, Lance Bass is on there.
Sure.
I'm going to read his bio
and you're going to try to guess the amount
to get Cameo from Lance Bass.
Okay, this is a good game.
I've turned around on it.
Okay, now let's start here.
Kudos to Lance Bass.
Proceed from Lance's cameos are donated to charity.
Cool.
Now this is his bio.
Insinker, host of At The Daily Popcast,
foodie, filmmaker, OG Sephiroth.
Whoa, hold on, what?
The original Sephiroth was Lance Bass?
Yeah, dude.
I had to look that up.
He did the voice of Sephiroth in Kingdom Hearts.
Oh, okay.
Well, okay, I mean, that's fucking wild.
Not quite as wild as him being, you know,
fucking one-winged angel destroyer of worlds.
I guess it makes more sense that he did a voice of him.
And it does make it seem like he originated the concept.
I was Sephiroth and they based it off me.
Beloved torso stabber, Sephiroth, me.
Frosted tips survivor, an animal rescuer, Lance Bass.
Can I say something?
I'm gonna say something about Lance Bass
before we move on to Lance Bass.
Lance Bass in 2002 wanted to join a Russian mission
to the ISS, to the International Space Station,
and became certified by both NASA
and the Russian space program
after several months of cosmonaut training.
Cool.
Do you want to know the rest of that that I really enjoy?
What's that?
He, at the last minute, was not able to go,
but they calibrated everything for his weight.
So they had to put a barrel full of stuff
equal to Lance Bass' weight in the shuttle.
What, what, holy shit.
How much, what?
Okay, fuck this.
I don't care about how much it takes to,
how much it costs to get a cameo from him.
I want to know how much it costs to get the Lance Bass barrel
that I can just kind of put in my living room.
That is the, oh, what's with that fucking barrel?
It has nothing to do with anything else in the room.
Well, let me tell you.
Do you want to know how much Lance Bass weighs?
The barrel.
He lays a barrel with his face.
Can I keep talking about Lance Bass, please?
Yeah.
Okay, during his cosmonaut training,
he had to get a thorough physical
and it was discovered that he had a cardiac arrhythmia
that he had to undergo surgery for
and it saved his life.
His desire to be, he would not have become discovered
had he not gone into cosmonaut training.
Absolutely baffling.
My man, Lance Bass, by the way,
if I could just keep talking about Lance Bass for a second,
has retained fucking fluent Russian
that he learned as part of his cosmonaut training.
Are you kidding me?
50 dollars.
Early, early cosmonaut training saves lives.
This is what I'm saying.
Yes, yes, absolutely.
What an absolute, this guy rules.
Kicks ass.
But how much money to get him to flip off your principal?
Whatever it is, it's too low.
I'm going to say 200 dollars.
I don't even know if it goes up that high for cameo,
but I'm gonna say 200 dollars.
Justin?
For Lance Bass, I'm gonna say,
I feel like Griffin's in the neighborhood,
but I'm gonna go with 250 actually.
It is 250 on the dot.
And worth every penny.
Worth every penny.
Wait, did you say I got it right?
Or did you say 250?
It was 250?
Yeah, you got it.
Okay.
That money.
Oh.
Have a combo.
Yeah, I haven't used that one in a while.
Okay, now, next.
Mark McGrath.
Oh, man.
Now, he had a fun cameo
where he broke up with somebody
but wished them well on their finals,
on their doctorate, I believe.
Wait.
He broke up with someone's,
a young lady, I believe,
entreated him to dump her boyfriend on cameo
and Mark McGrath obliged.
While kind of throwing shade at her
because he's in the middle of a very tense time in his life.
But Mark McGrath recorded a very lovely message to this person
and then dumped them.
Now, that might explain,
I've pulled two reviews here from Mark's cameos.
And this first one is,
unreal how thoughtful and personal this is.
Thank you so much, brother.
I got a little teary eyed watching this.
Not gonna lie, you're the real one.
He's the real one.
You're the real one.
Now, that probably is some kind of fun turn of phrase
but it could also be like,
you're not an impersonator.
You are the real Mark McGrath.
This is the Mark McGrath you crave.
Do you remember when Mark McGrath went ballistic on a child
because during a paparazzi photo sesh,
the child yelled sugar gay at him.
I think about it all the time.
He went fucking ballistic and went to fight the child,
which is bad.
It's so bad on every level.
But I guess my question is,
did he charge him for the cameo-
In his life story.
In his life story of being the kid
that Mark McGrath said he was gonna beat his ass up
because he said sugar gay.
And second quick review here.
My sister Shelly and her family totally loved this video.
Mark went above and beyond with a fantastic performance
and an epic Elvis ending.
Mark also pronounces Hawaiian like a local.
So cool.
Cool beans, man.
Yeah, I figured the lead singer Sugar Ray's done his time
in the islands.
No question.
And what is an Elvis ending?
Got me.
Don't know.
Didn't do the research.
Didn't find out.
No, ate a cool sandwich, I bet.
Justin, you wanna do the honors first
and see one last round?
Yeah, you know what?
I'm gonna go for Mark McGrath.
I think you're gonna pay.
It's a premium.
I feel like his star is just a little bit higher
than Lance Bass, weirdly.
Cause he's got like a show on Sirius every weekend
and he's staying busy, staying in the news.
I bet he jacked up his rates after he went a little viral
with the breakup.
I'm gonna set him right at $300.
Okay, Griffin.
That is fucking poppycock.
Griffin, you're pretty far away from the microphone.
I know, it's because I was leaning back because
of the fucking ridiculousness of Justin's offer.
He doesn't even have cosmonaut training.
I'm gonna say, if it's anything more than $100,
I will eat my shoes.
It is $99.
I'm giving that to Griffin.
Wow, Griffin, amazing.
Thank you.
Very close, I'm very impressed.
We're all tied up, one and one.
Now, for this last, this is a head-to-head competition,
this last one.
Okay.
And this is direct from, once again, I'm gonna give credit
to you at Magic Moment Pod.
Here it is, are you ready?
Yes.
Richard Karn and Tom Arnold are both on Cameo.
I'm calling this category Karn-old.
Wish you wouldn't.
I want you guys to give me who charges more,
Richard Karn or Tom Arnold,
and for the deciding factor, if you can get closest
to the price of your choice, you will win.
Wow.
Now, let me also say what I really enjoy,
because we were on Young Father's Day,
both of these actors, Richard Karn and Tom Arnold,
had the hashtag, a gift for all dads.
A gift for every dad.
A gift for all dads.
What dad wouldn't be excited to receive a Cameo
from either of these actors?
A gift for all dads.
I mean, I'd be excited for one of them,
but if I got the other one, I'd be fucking pissed
and they know which one it is.
Oh boy.
And that's all I'm gonna fucking say.
A gift for all dads.
A gift for all dads.
Tom Arnold is worth more money than Richard Karn,
in general, so I'm gonna give-
He doesn't know that?
Yeah.
I mean, I have a whole rubric that I use to judge famous people
for how much money that they're worth,
and I think Tom Arnold just comes out on top of Richard Karn.
Rich, boy, but you know I'm there for you,
but Tom Arnold's got you beat in that category.
I mean, I feel like I'm gonna have to go to Tom Arnold as well.
Yes.
Which is not fair.
What's the deciding thing?
How much Tom Arnold?
Yeah, how much for Tom Arnold?
How much to get a Tom Arnold?
Yeah.
I feel like Tom Arnold is gonna cost you.
Again, I feel like Tom Arnold is gonna run you $225.
And I feel like Richard Karn is $75.
No, you know what?
Richard Karn's $75, Tom Arnold, $150.
That is it.
I'm gonna say twice as much.
It's Richard Karn who I bet costs $75.
I know I entreated him to record a greeting for our show.
I do not remember the cost.
I didn't pay that close attention to it.
And folks, that's privilege.
I'm gonna go ahead and just say it.
I'll do anything for the show.
Now, Griffin.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was gonna say $150 also for Tom Arnold,
but Justin's swooped in there.
How much for Richard Karn?
How much for Richard Karn?
Yeah.
You said $75 for Richard Karn, $150 for Tom Arnold?
That is what I said.
God, that's so fucking good, Juice.
It feels right, doesn't it?
It's got a very good mouthfeel.
I'm gonna say $76.
$75 for Richard Karn.
$76 for Richard Karn, $149 for Tom Arnold.
I'm gonna call it a tie,
because none of that cheap bullshit, Griffin.
You can't fucking...
Okay, that's fucking bullshit.
You can't just make up the rules of this incredible game
as we go along.
$76 for Richard Karn, $149 for Tom Arnold.
Okay, then shit.
I gotta give it to Griffin.
Richard Karn, $80.
Tom Arnold, $125.
A gift for all dads.
A gift for all dads.
Hey, for $200.
It's a combo.
Get them talking to each other.
Might can fucking read a scene from Waiting for Godot together.
You get that Carnold accent.
Might, your dad's gonna love this recreation of True West,
starring Richard Karn and Tom Arnold
alternating roles in each caveat.
All right.
That was a good game, Travis.
You've done it.
You've fucking cracked the code.
I mean, it wasn't your idea,
but you fucking executed it beautifully.
Thank you very much.
All I wanna talk about anymore is Lance Bass.
Lance, if you're listening, bud, please.
Hit us up.
Reach out to, you know, we have a very good track record.
Lance, if you would love to come on the show
and just talk, to be a guest, I would love to have you.
It's fun.
I will go on rather to saying,
I think any NSYNC member,
except Justin Timberlake.
Yeah.
I don't want, we've made it clear,
we don't want JT on the show,
but I would love to have Lance on here.
If we could get J.C. Chazee,
oh boy, that would be a life goal.
I'm really, can we just stay focused
for fucking once in our careers?
I just want Lance Bass as a guest spurt.
Okay.
I think that would be fantastic.
All right, let's visualize it.
Wait, we could combo it together,
chain it together, go Chris Fitzpatrick,
then J.C. Chazee, then Joey Fatone,
to Lance Bass.
Listen, $1,000 will get us four cameos from Lance,
and I think that might be enough
for us to put together a guest spurt segment.
We could just get him saying things
in response to potential questions
and then kind of weave them together.
Edit it together.
Oh, that's not bad.
Listen, everyone, stop.
Stop, it's time.
Oh, wait, speaking of tweeting at people,
I want to thank everyone for tweeting
at WSAZ's Rob Johnson.
There was a lot of tweets to Rob Johnson
for getting our kite out of the tree.
A lot of people tweeted at him to thank him.
Also, I'm just gonna share this very briefly.
Rob Johnson said that we need to hear real music.
Forget Rob Thomas, you need Rob Johnson,
and shared a link to a brief song about Rob Johnson
that I'd love to share with you guys if that's okay.
Oh, boy.
It's just a very brief song about Rob Johnson.
Sure, and then I promise we're gonna start doing questions.
It's gonna be great.
Then the show will begin.
Oh, yes.
This is by Rob Coleman.
It's a song about Rob Johnson,
commissioned by Alan Brown,
and this is how the song goes.
What up, my name is Rob Johnson.
My Huntington fame is Rob Johnson.
Yeah, this whole show should be called Rob Johnson.
So say it out loud.
Stuck in the rain, Rob Johnson.
WSA, Rob Johnson.
See, it's where I'm gonna be, Rob Johnson.
In the Hall of Fame, Rob Johnson.
Six in the morning, what up, it's Rob Johnson.
And now it's midday, Rob Johnson.
Saying hey, Rob Johnson.
Indiana University, Rob Johnson.
Yeah, that's where I win one of it, Rob Johnson.
Just say what you want, but I love it, Rob Johnson.
Don't act like you are above it, Rob Johnson.
No one is ever above, Rob Johnson.
So that's one of my favorite songs about Rob Johnson.
Strong ones that I've heard.
That has no business being that good.
I know, it's way better than I expected it to be
when I clicked the link.
Thank you, WSAZ Rob Johnson.
Appreciate it.
Hope you can figure out
why you were having some signal trouble on June 4th.
Best of luck to you and yours.
My wife and I recently moved into our first house
and it's pretty great,
but our elderly next door neighbor keeps mowing our yard.
It started with him just doing our small front yard,
which makes sense.
Since it would almost be more work
to mine the borders of our yards.
But recently he's been mowing our backyard as well
and he's not doing a good job.
He cuts corners and skips patches
that would be tricky for his writing mode to get into.
And worse yet, my wife and I are working from home
so we have no choice but to watch him
do the whole thing poorly.
Should we ask him to stop or thank him?
That's from Indecisive in Indiana.
I did not expect the twist of someone
who will go through the effort of mowing your backyard
but does not take pride in a job well done.
I did not see that coming.
I don't understand the...
Can you not go out there and fucking polish it off?
Somebody is mowing your lawn for free
and your complaint is that they're cutting corners
when you could just go out there
and knock out those last few corners.
Okay, here's the problem, Griffin.
What is the problem?
There is a factor here.
There is an unknown quantity here,
which is does neighbor guy think he's doing them
a good job service, right?
Because if he's like,
ah, what a good nice thing to do for my neighbors
and then they see you out there cleaning up after them,
that, oh, ow.
Oh, okay, okay, I see what Travis is saying.
Now it's like, oh, it wasn't good enough for you, huh?
I see you out there kind of going over some of my work.
Right, right.
Okay, all right, that's trickier, fair.
But there is also the potential
that this is a passive aggressive thing.
I have neighbors, they're very nice, let me be clear.
But I'm saying I could see where
if I let my lawn go a little bit,
maybe didn't have it mowed,
then they're like, oh, I see that Travis hasn't mowed his lawn.
What a sloppy young man, this millennial.
Probably too busy out there partying
and raving and eating avocado toast.
Sorry, did you say avocado?
Yeah, they're old, they don't know what an avocado is.
They say avocado.
This generational gap just keeps getting worse.
Yeah, and so then they come over
and they mow my lawn and it's a passive aggressive thing.
Right, yeah, you're gonna have to do it at night
with one of those push mowers that doesn't make sounds.
Yeah, stealth mower.
A stealth mowing situation.
Or scissors, scissors are nice and quiet.
Or just rip the shit up so it doesn't grow back.
Why don't people do that?
Yeah, put down some turf.
Put down a little bit of astroturf down there.
And then also if you want to throw the pigskin around,
it's right there ready for you.
A bunch of like black plastic, make it into a slip and slide.
Hole, put some visqueen down,
make a whole backyard slip and slide.
Nobody's done that before.
Dig a pond.
No one thinks about, and this is like,
think about it for a second, dig a pond back there.
All you need for a pond is the absence of dirt and water.
That's right, and the water's gonna come from rain.
Yeah, and now you got a swimming hole.
And then you got a big old swimming hole in the backyard.
And that's fun because then all the neighborhood youth can come
and everyone and neighbors and instead of getting into drugs
and, you know, hard partying or whatever,
everybody can just come down to the swimming hole,
talk about life, a lot about living and a little about love.
You may be overthinking this.
You may be overthinking this a little bit
because if I owned a beautiful, powerful John Deere riding mower,
I'm assuming it's a deer because if it's not, it's not a machine,
is that if I got done mowing my lawn
on my beautiful John Deere riding mower,
I imagine my first thought would be like,
ooh, I would love to cut a little bit more lawn
with this huge, beautiful machine.
I don't think anybody gets done mowing their lawn
in their riding mower and thinks like, that has satisfied me.
I think they probably think like,
oof, oh man, I'm hungry for even more.
So they may just be trying to like,
either satisfy this dark passenger,
like trying to like make their purchase of a riding mower
make a little bit more sense.
That's what it is, yes.
I like that, I like that.
But I do like Griffin that in your mind,
this person is like, well, I already bought the mower
and my yard is only like 20 square feet,
so I need to keep using this somewhere,
but I am not invested in the quality of my job
because it's not my yard.
Yeah, you could set up some traffic cones
that he could like slalom around,
but like position them in a way
that he would make sure that he would get
all those nooks and crannies.
And then he would have more fun with it too.
That would be better for everybody.
Yeah. And you get to watch it.
Yeah, you could also get your own riding lawn mower
and then every time he goes out, be like,
oh shit, he's going, quick, go!
And then you get on your own riding lawn mower
and do your own yard, and you can do like a race with it.
There's lots of cool ways to get to know your neighbor.
Get in, get a lance.
Get a lance.
Yeah, get a lance bass.
No, get a jousting lance bass.
I said, I meant like jousting lance,
that would be fun in riding lawn mowers,
but I think there's something also great
to getting a lance bass to do a cameo
to ask your neighbor to stop fucking up your grass.
Hey, Z Lance says, I'm going to say this in Russian,
please stop fucking up my grass.
Hey, even from space,
I can see you're doing a terrible job mowing the grass.
I brought this barrel full of stuff
that's going to hold down the grass
so it won't grow up anymore.
I found your lack of work ethic heartbreaking
and I can't handle that.
I've had enough problems.
I need you to just stay in your home, please, citizen.
Let me mow the lawn for you.
This is my side business.
I bought a lawn mower and I've been making some extra scratch.
I'm going to build my own rocket.
Griffin, do you have any yahoos saved up this week
that you'd like to share with us?
I'd love that if you do.
I could do a quick one, yeah, sure.
This yahoo is sent in by lots of folks, thanks.
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user
who I'm going to name Jim, wow, asks.
But it's not spelled how it sounds.
No, no, it's G-Y-M, asks,
why don't we have castles anymore?
We only have regular basic buildings now.
Why did humans stop building castles?
Castles are just as good and sturdy as regular buildings,
except they look better.
So why did humans stop building castles?
I live in America, BTW,
and maybe it's just America that hates castles.
I haven't been to other countries.
There's castles, I mean, I'm talking out of my ass now,
but I would estimate that the castle per square inch ratio
of America is lower than a lot of other sort of territories
across this beautiful globe of ours.
I think I can understand the question
because castles are made out of what?
Rocks and stuff to hold the rocks together.
That's basically it from what I like.
And tapestries.
Tapestries, but I don't even think
they have load-bearing tapestries in castles.
I think, you know, brass tacks,
there are no brass tacks involved.
It's just rocks and stuff to hold the rocks together.
That's every, I've never walked around inside a castle
and been like, hmm, drywall.
It's always rocks and stuff to hold the rocks together.
And there's lots of fucking rocks.
And I imagine lots of ways to get them to stick together.
And so like, I don't understand why, you know,
the housing crisis.
I don't think people stopped building castles
because they ran out of materials, Griffin.
I don't think anyone thought that was it.
Well, no, it was just like somebody invented drywall
and they're like, oh cool,
this is what it has to be from now on.
But like, I guess drywall and wood and stuff is expensive.
But like, there's a shortage of housing,
available housing as a commodity.
And I think that we could just start
slapping some rocks together
and making some pretty fucking cool houses out of it.
And it's not just like, so we could have houses.
We could have fucking cool castle houses in it too,
like in Link Check.
Why do we need, I mean, we don't need,
why do we need a castle is my thing.
Like, if I upset my neighbors,
I don't expect them to try to settle it
with siege weaponry.
Oh, you don't?
I don't expect them to come out with like,
catapults and I was about to say Battista.
What's up, it's me, Dave Battista.
I'm gonna start kicking your castle.
We're gonna see what happens.
Your neighbor paid for a cameo.
It's my new service, Kickio.
I go to your house and kick your castle
until it falls down, Dave Battista.
Yeah, I know, Groot.
What of it?
Kick, kick, kick, kick.
It's just no need for the castle.
There's no need for, you know,
castles were used, a lot of the ruling class
would make them like the boss of the fiefdom, right?
They would leave in a castle and then rule over.
If my neighbors saw me building a castle,
they would probably start to get suspicious.
What is this guy gonna do?
Does this guy have designs on trying to rule over
the region, the new King of Huntington brand?
Every time I have learned anything about a castle,
basically what I've learned is that the timeline breaks down
as castle building is completed
and then like the next day somebody comes
and by some means will leave out,
clears everyone out of that castle
and now that castle is theirs,
repeat for about 500 years.
So haunted.
That would not fly now.
It wouldn't be like you left your house
and then I got in it.
Well, I guess that's your squatter's rights, isn't it?
There's a lot of complicated issues there,
but I think the point remains that like
if you walked into a house and someone told you,
pretty cool house, huh?
Hundreds and hundreds of people have been killed here
to get the house.
Then I would be like,
I don't wanna be in this house anymore.
And yet you walk into a castle or a fortress
and it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, cool place.
Like look at all the rocks.
Pillars, love it.
Look at those sconces.
Those are original sconces.
Thousands dead in mini sieges.
Then I would be like,
the ghost, the spectral energy in here is not great.
So I'm gonna-
That is true.
When I was buying a house,
like our realtor wasn't like,
and you see that, that tiny hole near the floor?
Do you know what that's for?
Hot oil.
That's hot oil.
In case somebody tries.
So that's gonna keep them away.
And that hole over there,
that's for shooting arrows out of.
So that's pretty cool, huh?
I rescind the question.
It's a bad question and I think about it.
Do you think that there was somebody
who built a castle,
like after the Age of Castles was done?
And like, as they built the castle,
they finished and they're like,
Todd, no one wants to take this.
And they're like,
oh man, doesn't somebody wanna take my castle?
It's like, no, these things are highly important.
How do you keep this high in the winter
and cold in the summertime?
This is highly impractical.
You need to be in a temperate region for sure.
Do you think the person exists, Travis,
who would spend a bunch of money
building a modern day castle,
who would at any point thereafter
would admit that it was a mistake?
Like fellow cosmonaut Richard Garriott,
creator of the Ultima series,
built a castle here in Austin, Texas
that has all kinds of incredible winding corridors
and secret passages
and did a fucking museum with a Tesla coil
and a bunch of old archaic technology in it.
But you know he probably gets to a point
where he wakes up in the middle of the night
and he does have diarrhea
and he has to go running
and remember which skull goes on which bookshelf
to open up the hard, cold stone staircase
to the one toilet in the house.
But still, even he would not be like,
this was, guys, I blew it.
He's probably gotta keep it.
I just want a studio apartment.
He's probably gotta keep up pretenses.
Known castle-haver Richard Garriott
probably has to continue telling people
how great it is to live in a castle.
That's all I'm saying.
I would like to have a castle.
But I don't know that I would like to live in it.
They don't seem comfortable.
They're all made out of rocks.
What are you gonna fucking do with it?
What would I do with it?
I would let people go through it for tours
and charge them money,
which is what I think people in Europe do
if they own a castle.
Yeah, that's how they make ends meet,
is they have to turn it into a B&B or something.
Yeah, and meanwhile they live above a bar downtown
and they're having a great time.
I'd probably turn it into a fucking cool Airsoft course,
like an Airsoft arena.
That's a good idea.
I'd make it a Magic Quest place.
Oh yeah, that's pretty good.
I would probably make mine like LARP,
like a Dungeons and Dragons LARP.
Like a LARP thing?
Yeah.
Pretty good.
Rent it out.
Maybe make it like a B&B,
but fill it with board games and host.
D&D B&B?
D&D B&B, yes.
That's fucking funny.
That's fucking good.
That's good, TMTMTM.
That's a good joke for a podcast,
but also like good thing for life
if anybody wants that, you can have it.
D&D B&B.
I'm freaking out.
Yeah, I'm rich.
Because how good these ideas and funny ideas are.
Yeah, listen, we almost don't need this.
I feel like at this point,
because it's like we've got a lot of million dollar.
What?
Good news, Justin.
We're not going to keep the money
from Money Zone this week.
Yeah, this week we are donating
the ad money from the episode
to the Marsha P. Johnson Institute.
Marsha P. Johnson was an incredible
black trans activist during the Stonewall riots.
And the Marsha P. Johnson Institute
goes to support and fight for the human rights
of black trans people in America.
And it's a rad organization.
We're going to include a link
to where you can support the Marsha P. Johnson Institute
in the episode description.
So yeah, do that.
And we're going to talk about some sponsors
that sell products and services.
Whoa.
Yeah, that was smooth.
Thanks, bud.
I love my post office.
I'm a first name basis with everybody there.
Love to go there.
Love it.
But right now, you know,
if I can avoid going out,
if I can avoid going somewhere,
no matter how personally painful it may be for me,
I'm going to do it.
You can get a lot of the services,
except for the friendly smiles,
that you get at the post office with stamps.com.
Brings all the services of the post office
right into your home
or wherever you're hiding away right now.
You can use your computer to print official US postage
24 hours a day, seven days a week
for any letter, any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you want to send it.
And once your mail is ready,
you just leave it for your mail carrier.
You schedule a free package pickup
or you just drop it in a mailbox.
It's just that easy and no human contact
required with stamps.com.
I almost said scamps.com.
That'd be a good website too
if anybody's in the market.
You know you can't say the name.
I'm very sure that scamps.com is...
Oh, Justin.
Oh, no.
Oh, this URL redirects
to some truly heinous business friend.
Oh my God.
Oh, look at the scamps.
Oh, God, no.
What's the number for FBI?
It's just full of scamps.
They're doing all kinds of shenanigans.
No way, man.
That one's got a slingshot.
They fucking just stole a pie out of a windowsill.
Oh, no, he's got one of those sassy grins.
Oh, that one just conned a friend
into painting the fence for him.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
Well, this is just a big JPEG of bug hauls alpha
from the Little Rascals movie.
Hey, Griffin, can I ask you a question?
Uh-huh.
Av-hay-oo-yay-in-bay-inking-thay about a e-learning ray.
Have you been thinking about learning that language
you took in high school again or college,
but think it'll take too much time?
I was trying to do Pig Latin.
I know, but you couldn't even do that.
So I think Babbel may be a little bit above your pay grade,
but probably not.
You should dip into it anyway,
because learning is fun.
Yes, Babbel can help you relearn that language fast.
Babbel is designed to quickly get you speaking
your new language within weeks
with daily 10 to 15 minute lessons.
And listen, we all got 10 to 15 minutes.
You got it.
You just put all your toilet time together.
Yeah, and you've been listening to this podcast
for what, 40 minutes?
Thank you.
Good point, Travis.
Turn off this podcast.
Yeah, listen, this says weeks with daily 10 to 15,
what about just one day?
What if you just did it all in one day?
I don't think they want us to say or endorse that.
Pop a limitless pill and learn this language.
Pop a limitless pill and do it all in one day.
And then do another course the next day.
I've tried to learn Spanish several times,
never quite stuck, but I have really been enjoying
going through Babbel and doing the lessons.
They're the most sort of natural and fun to do lessons
that I have found for sort of brushing up,
but also like just learning new vocabulary
and stuff like that.
It is a really, really good service.
You know what language I learned in high school?
What, Griffin?
The language of love.
Gross.
It called me Porky Pig.
Okay.
Because of how much-
Gross.
Gross.
Because of how much-
I was mid coffee sip.
I thought I'd earned it after my great personal endorsement.
But no, you have to take it away from me.
Before you talk about all your porking,
can I mention that Babbel has speech recognition technology
that helps you to improve your pronunciation and accent?
Go ahead and do that, but I want Babbel to know
I am going to talk more about that immediately after the ad
so that it'll be sort of sandwiched in there.
So it's helping you with your accent and your pronunciation too.
Right now, Babbel is offering our listeners three months free
with the purchase of a three-month subscription
with promo code MYBROTHER, all one word.
So go to babbel.com and use promo code MYBROTHER, all one word,
on your three-month subscription.
That's B-A-B-B-E-L dot com.
Promo code MYBROTHER.
Babbel, language for life.
So you're probably thinking like porky pig,
probably because he was porking a lot, right?
But it was-
No, it was my tech-
My technique was I would get down there
and just be like,
a-dee-bee-dee-bee-dee-bee-dee.
Oh, fuck.
You dumb piece of shit.
Despicable people.
How I related to you.
Absolutely the worst.
Man, this is the first time I've ever been sad
that listeners can't tell our voices apart
because I'm afraid they'll think I said nothing.
I almost didn't say anything.
So off-brand.
All our brands are fucked.
That's all of us.
Macho Man to the top rope.
The flying elbow.
The cover.
We've got a new champion.
We're here with Macho Man Randy Savage
after his big win to become the new world champion.
What are you going to do now, Mach?
I'm going to go listen to the newest episode
of the Types of Fights podcast.
Oh, yeah.
Tell us more about this podcast.
It's the podcast of power.
Too sweet to be sour.
Funky like a monkey.
Woke discussions, man.
And jokes about wrestlers' fashion choices.
Myself excluded.
Yeah.
I can't wait to listen.
Neither can I.
You can find it Thursdays on Maximum Fun.
Oh, yeah.
Dig it.
Yeah, I'm not even going to waste anybody's time.
I want to munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
I tried to give that a moderate edge
because, folks, I'm so happy to report
that we have a new munch squad.
We've gone back to the future.
From the now time.
Well, from like a week ago.
But still, from this era, kind of wild.
Actually, not sure it's tasteful.
But these brands are going to brand.
This is their thing that they do.
And here's the story.
A lot of you sent this in, so thank you so much.
Limited edition Pringles flavor packs
the juicy layers of a Wendy's Baconator
into one crunchy bite.
Huh.
Bacon lovers, rejoice.
I'm going to do something real quick.
I'm going to enter that phrase in quotes into Google
and see how many hits that I get.
And the answer is 8,760.
So they have a lot to be thankful for, I think, right now.
But in this situation, it's that the masters of flavor
at Pringles, which I bet that is not a label
that has been applied to them very frequently,
but the masters of flavor at Pringles have done it again.
This time in partnership with the queen of hamburgers.
Oh, boy.
Wendy's.
Just titles being thrown around.
Just the, yeah.
The new limited edition Pringles Baconator packs
all the delicious flavors of packs all the delicious
layers of flavor found in the fan favorite
Wendy's Baconator into one perfectly delicious bite.
When it comes to delivering on a mouthwatering
delicious hamburger, Wendy's doesn't cut corners
with a half pound of fresh, never frozen beef,
American cheese, six strips of crispy apple
with smoked bacon.
This is a chip.
Why are we wasting our time talking about this?
Ketchup and mayonnaise for a Wendy's Baconator,
replicating those delicious layers into one single Pringles crisp.
No challenge is too large for Pringles.
I've heard that.
I have heard.
That's how they're also working on world peace right now.
If no challenge is too large for Pringles,
I would submit that they are maybe wasting their talents
creating bacon hamburger chips.
There's some other pressing concerns
that I would love for them to address.
So Griffin, who's was funnier?
I've been so distracted this whole time
because I've been thinking about how delightful it would be
if Wendy's didn't know about this.
And Pringles was just like, Wendy's doesn't fucking
cut any corners.
Wendy's brings you the good burgers.
We love Wendy's.
So we did a chip on them.
And Wendy's like, oh.
Thank you, I guess.
Thanks.
We squished down 20 of your hamburgers into every chip.
We destroyed them like the guy in No Country for Old Men.
We just went baconator to baconator,
euthanizing them and squishing them down into chips
to prove our love to you.
Wendy's, please recognize us.
The Pringles brand delivers insanely accurate
flavor combinations that are both delicious and convenient,
said Derrick McGuire, senior director of marketing
for Pringles, who seems biased.
What does that mean, convenient?
It's convenient.
With such a strong fan base,
we knew we had to nail that fresh,
never frozen Wendy's flavor perfectly.
Fucking if you could eat a chip and be like,
well, this beef's never been frozen.
I can tell.
Luckily, our flavor experts were up to the task.
The Pringles baconator crisps are the perfect way
to enjoy the savory goodness all in one bite.
Yes, Travis, convenient.
Indulging in a Wendy's baconator craving
has never been easier.
Just break open a can, pop a crisp,
and experience the wonders straight from your pantry.
Yeah, it's for people that it's like,
God, it would be tough to get a hamburger right now.
I'm not sure I can get at it together,
but I do have a craving.
Maybe I'll eat a chip of it.
But this is making it sound like it's a future food
of like a Wendy's baconator in Pilfer.
Like you would eat one chip and be like,
I am stuffed.
That's a baconator right there.
I do not trust Pringles to do a slam dunk
when it comes to recreating flavors,
because in my mind, the different flavors of Pringles
are regular salty, and then like,
maybe I'll give you sour cream,
and then every other one is just the same sort
of unconscionably zesty sort of miasma
that I could not diagnose gun to my head.
Here's good news.
Each can comes with a code on the seal
that can be used to score a free Wendy's baconator,
son of baconator, or breakfast baconator with purchase
when you order through the Wendy's app.
Hey, friends, it's me.
If you use this code to get a son of baconator
when you could have gotten a free baconator,
I'm going to have you committed.
That is for intense lack of value recognition.
That would be a terrible use.
Cut it in half.
Yes.
Cut it in half if it's too much for you.
But don't waste the opportunity.
Take it up a notch.
And pile Pringles baconator on top of a Wendy's baconator.
Whoa.
My ass.
No.
What are you talking about?
Whoa.
Can you imagine?
Why?
Why would you do that?
Or dip the crisp and frosty for a sweet and salty treat.
Now.
Now that sounds good as fuck.
Yeah, now I'm on board with that one.
That made me high.
Whoa.
Instead of making me crave that, it made me high.
That's how much I want that.
At Wendy's, quote, at Wendy's, the baconator has long been
an iconic bacon cheeseburger like no other.
That is a fucking wild sentence.
We're just going to revisit it one more time.
And when you're imagining the verbiage in here,
note the bacon cheeseburger is capitalized.
So maybe that's its formal name.
At Wendy's, the baconator has long been an iconic bacon
cheeseburger like no other.
With stacked fresh beef, which I guess is a descriptor
that leads you to imply quality.
Oh, is that beef stacked?
Yuma, yuma.
I usually lay my shit out on side by side,
not even on the bun.
That's wild.
I didn't even think about that.
When did you stack this?
You stacked this yesterday?
Nah, stacked fresh.
Oven cooked, applewood smoked bacon.
Ooh, you use the oven on it?
Damn.
And piping hot cheese.
What?
This is not part of it.
We knew we were going, it was going to be a challenge
to get all that flavor and goodness into one bite.
Says, and I'm so happy to have him back,
Carl Laredo, Wendy's US chief marketing officer.
We're excited to work with the flavor experts at Pringles
to deliver the tastes our fans know and love in a unique way.
Hey guys, words still mean shit.
Deliver the tastes our fans know and love
in a unique way is nothing.
No, I'll tell you what, what would be a unique way
is if the flavor kings at Pringles
could somehow aerosolize the Baconator
and I could inhale it.
Yes, put it in an IV.
Yes.
We know our Baconator fanatics will be in for quite a treat
when they taste how insanely accurate
Pringles made this delicious crisp.
This is so accurate.
Ah, it's accurate.
You can tell that, that's the end of it,
that you could tell that these people have been like,
that none of these people said any of this
because no one has ever called them a crisp
in their entire life unless they're legally, yeah.
Oh, it's, no, it's actually because it's potato granules
and the potato lobby made it,
the potato chip lobby made it
so that they couldn't call them chips.
So they were legally barred from calling them chips.
It's a true story.
I mean, out of granules to make it easier to transport.
Oh God, I wish I could fucking wedgie you over Skype.
I wish Skype would add some sort of-
Use their transfers because there was a lot of breakage.
I just got confirmation back on my cameo request
from Lance Bass to come wedgie Justin.
He should be showing up right now.
I'm gonna wedgie you to the fucking moon.
Can we do this second question?
Because it'll be very fast.
Sure, yeah, let's do this second question.
I am anticipating just a real quick in and out revolving door
and we give them a harsh talking to
and then the door finishes revolving.
That's what people come to this show for,
harsh talkings to.
Hey brothers, I work at a job that allows me
to drive around my city all day long making frequent stops.
I keep a small fishing pole and a box of tackle in my car
as there are lots of good fishing holes
randomly throughout my city.
Anytime I have a spare hour between sessions,
I will go to the nearest pond or fishing hole
and have a few casts.
Recently, I found a choice looking pond
that I've never seen anybody fishing at.
It seems like a prime spot.
However, it's located in a cemetery-
Stop it!
There are no signs saying do not fish here,
but I feel weird about just walking up with my gear
and making a cast.
Is this wrong?
Am I being paranoid?
Am I just begging to be cursed?
Please help.
That's from Fishy Dilemma in Oklahoma City,
the city of a thousand fishing holes.
Apparently.
I've just figured out what I want my epitaph to say,
I guess, and it is do not fish here
because apparently we need one of them in every cemetery
informing people that this cemetery water feature
probably does not have game fish in it
for you to go digging around in.
Honey, I brought home some koi for us to fry up.
Graveyard koi, honey, my favorite.
The spirits of ancestors have been transferred into them
and that's where the flavor comes from.
I've never, it's the weirdest fucking thing.
Beautiful, beautiful big pond
and I've never seen anyone fishing at it.
It's such a prime spot too.
I would also point out, question asker,
if you include the phrase,
but I feel weird about just walking up with my gear
and making a cast,
and then follow that up with next sentence,
is this wrong?
Kind of seems like you might know the answer
to that particular question.
Am I begging?
Yeah, I just kind of post up on someone's headstone
with my Milwaukee's best.
That's great.
Cast on in there.
It's just, the thought that you are begging to be cursed
is also like, that shouldn't have to be the repercussion here.
If I am at Peppy Pep's funeral,
although it's more of a funerals
because Peppy Pep had some really zany requests,
but I do look-
He lived a good life.
He led a great fun life
until he died in that turbo hang glider accident.
But I do look-
You begged him not to sign the release forms.
And I just finished singing, dancing on the ceiling,
and I look to the left,
and just out of eye shot of this incredible funeral
is you and your waiters fucking doing some fly fishing
into the, there's no way.
There's no way that will be acceptable.
I don't even know what this next sentence means,
but me and the entire funeral party will come get you.
And I don't even know what that means,
but there's no way we can let that be.
Can you imagine being like the groundskeeper at a cemetery
and like walking up and seeing somebody fishing in a pond?
Like, I don't even think you get angry
so much as you just be like, you can't do this.
No, you can't do this.
I shouldn't have to tell you not to catch those.
We don't stock this pond with fish for you to catch.
These are for the ghosts to catch, you know that.
Folks, thank you so much for listening to our show.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We hope you're hanging in there.
If you're protesting, we hope that you're trying
to stay as safe as possible.
If you're not able to, or you feel like you need
to do something and participate,
you can go to blacklivesmatters.carrd.co.
There's petitions you can sign, places to call,
you can donate even without spending money,
voting, information for protesters, whatever you need.
That is a great place to start.
And we would encourage you to do so just as,
even though it may not be as front of mind in the media,
that, you know, the push still goes on there.
And again, check out the Marsha P. Johnson Institute.
We got links to that in the episode description.
Hey, thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these four theme songs.
A departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Great tunes, great track, lots of positive vibes there, man.
And thank you to MaximumFun.org for having us on the network.
Check out all the great shows there,
like Tights and Fights and Fanti and all the others.
MaximumFun.org.
You can go to McElroyMerch.com and check out
all the cool McElroy merch,
including a good out here t-shirt
and a phantasmal and resplendent pen.
And again, both of those are the proceeds
from which we'll go to the Trevor Project
in celebration of Pride Month.
So go check those out.
Is that it?
Should we do the final?
Yeah, let's do it.
Here's the final Yahoo.
It was sent in by lots of people
and it is an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
And their name is actually Cram.
Cram.
Cram.
Cram, you say.
Is that like Cram Cram is the name?
No, it's just Cram.
I misspoke the first time.
It's C-R-A-M-M.
Thank you for your honesty.
I appreciate that.
Cram asks,
I thought Tim Allen was dead.
Who am I confusing him with?
Oh, my name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
