The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your most mystical, baby-est brother, Griffin McElroy.
Wait, most mystical? Wow, that could only mean one thing.
That's right Justin, it's time to go back to the movies.
Hit the red carpet, and grab me some corn from the stands, cause we're, it's Doctor Strange, watch everybody.
Marvel's back, they've done the damn thing again, and we're here for another high-flying action adventure with everyone's favorite wizard, Doctor Strange.
And who's that up in the mix? It's the Cumberdy Batch.
It's the Cumberbatch, and he's doing his great American accent, everyone loves when that happens.
What's that behind your ear? It's a coin from the world's greatest powerful wizard.
Wow, thank you Doctor Strange, you're welcome Griffin.
I am not a Britishman, and this is, I'm a really American man, and this is how it sounds, my normal American voice.
Okay, I also, just a side note here, I can't stress enough how on board with this watch and excited I am.
Did Marvel think that everybody was so enamored and well-versed with the true history of Doctor Strange that we wouldn't accept a British Doctor Strange?
We can't change the accent.
We can't make him British, they went riot.
You do not understand, my, me, Benedict Cumberbatch, I am an American man from Montana.
And this is my regular voice, and I'm not a British man, and when I speak in British, it gets very exhausting.
Two people can do decent American accents that are British, they're Emma Thompson and Hugh Laurie.
That's it, those are the only ones.
I actually, I don't believe that Hugh Laurie is British.
I think that that was a lie perpetrated by Blackadder and Jeeves and Wooster, but you know what, I'm willing to be proven wrong.
Let's get back to this watch though.
Let's get back to this watch because abracadabra, it's going to reach out and grab you this film, and it's going to grab your heart is the other thing.
There's a romance in the movie, and you watch it and you go like, I think the real magic was not the way that he bends and makes the cities all crumpled up and weird.
It was love the whole time, I think.
Yeah, the rabbit that he pulls out of his hat is actually the ghost of his wife that passed away, and that's an angle that is very controversial.
It'll change that, but not the accent.
Yeah, that's a little strange.
And also, I thought it was a nice touch, I think, something for the kids, that they gave him that whimsical talking cartoon cape sidekick.
Like he puts the cape around and it's like, you know, that's his buddy, and it talks to him, which is just going to be great for merchandising.
Yeah, Don Caper is the name they went with.
Which is weird.
A strange one indeed.
You know the thing that's crazy about this new Marvel superhero?
He's so weird though.
He's a really weird guy.
He's very strange.
I thought it was weird at the end of the movie, they just revealed that he's actually grown up Harry Potter.
And then he says, that's right, I'm grown up Harry Potter.
And then he leans over, and Spider-Man's been there the whole time.
And then they kiss, and then Spider-Man's like, nothing strange about this doctor.
And they all kiss.
You know what I thought it was weird?
Which part was weird for you?
Well, because I saw on all the blogs that there was going to be a cameo by David Copperfield.
But then he's like in the whole movie.
So in the whole movie as Doctor Strange.
Yeah, which is weird.
But you don't know it until the end, and then it's revealed that it's actually been the him the whole time.
Not in a mask or anything, but you just couldn't tell.
American Benedict Cumberbatch just plays Doctor Strange's friend, Jeremy.
It's so good though.
Jeremy Regler.
Jeremy Regler is his name, and he's really good and super duper American.
So American.
The one thing I like is the 15 minute montage at the beginning, which is when he's just a regular brain surgeon.
And it's just a montage of people learning what their brain surgeon's actual name is.
And saying, no, I don't think so.
I think probably not on this one with what it all is my brain, you know.
I think I'm just going to go with any other name pretty much.
No, it's pronounced Strangy.
No, it's not.
It's not.
I know the word.
I may need brain surgery, but I can still figure out that I'm not going to go to Doctor Strange.
Yeah.
I thought it was weird when he gets his super magical powers.
And then there's a 30 minute montage where he uses them to make girls' dresses blow around all crazy at the park.
And he gets a boner.
That part is weird.
And he goes, oh wow, a boner just for me.
Hey everybody, I've got a boner.
The fixation on the goatee giving him powers and the one scene where it gets shorn off and in real time he has to grow it back on a park bench is so odd to me.
But you know what, I liked it.
Cinematographically speaking, it totally makes sense though because they really, at least that shot, that 25 minute shot of him growing his goatee back is really earned.
I did think it was weird that the movie is nine hours long.
Yeah, but I mean they need to get, in the hair scene they just had to get into that tree of life shit.
Like the POV of each individual follicle, the cells and the nutrients just sort of mix in together.
And then like you see a big yellow blob fall down and it pans out and his beard's back and he's been eating an egg salad sandwich.
It's so weird.
What was weird for you?
The weirdest thing is when he goes to order a sandwich at the deli and the guy takes his name and the guy is Chris Angel.
And when he gives him his name, Chris Angel is like, and how do you spell that?
And it's like a weird, it's like he's twinkling his fingers at the camera and there's like sparks and stuff.
And I'm like, yeah, spell, I get it. But why is Chris Angel so prominent in it?
And then he's in the rest of the movie too.
And I thought it was weird during that sandwich scene when Jeremy, Dr. Strange's good friend and roommate says like,
Could I get some crisps? And he's like, oh fuck, I mean, no.
Do you know what I thought was weird?
I'm me.
What about in this one, Trav?
What I thought was weird, but I'm really glad they did it in retrospect. This is the first movie to show the characters going to the bathroom.
Like they'd be in the middle of a scene and then they were just like, hold on one second.
And they go to the bathroom and they like in real time show like Jeremy sitting in the living room for like 10 minutes waiting for Dr. Strange to come back from the bathroom.
I thought it was bold and at first I didn't get it.
And no spoilers, but it ends up playing into the finale that they've been going to the bathroom the whole time.
He gets in a big boss, a magical fight with Professor Peculiar and Jeremy's there helping him out, but he dies.
Oh shit, sorry.
I said no spoilers.
Anyway, him and Professor Peculiar, like he's like, can we stop?
Can we stop for a moment?
So my IBS, I have got to make a very magical dookie.
And Professor Peculiar is like, yes.
And then he also goes.
I thought the strangest scene for me is the crossover thing where Wolverine shows up and he's like, hey, bub, it's clobbering time.
And then Dr. Strange does a spell that makes his fingers melt.
OK, that was strange because obviously that's going to conquer Wolverine right away.
But then Spider-Man comes and he melts his fingers and also Thor and Iron Man and Black Widow and Hawkeye and Captain America.
And he melts all their fingers off.
And what's really crazy is then Batman swoops in and they all spend like 45 minutes just beating the fucking shit out of them.
And the whole time they're just yelling about how stupid DC is and how bad and childish the movies are.
But they don't have any fingers while they're doing it.
No, but they beat him to death.
And then like three of them peel off like the Hulk and Iron Man and Daredevil.
They peel, and Elektra, they peel off to go use the bathroom together.
The weird thing is after Batman.
What was strange for you, Justin?
What was weird? What was weird, Justin?
You watched the whole movie.
Same scene.
Which of the scene was?
But after they kill Batman and then Dr. Strange conjures a life-size Calvin to pee on him.
On him.
It's like so, because it's like just a, I don't know if it's a meme, like kind of a meme culture kind of thing.
It's kind of like a, yeah.
And but then he casts another spell and the Calvin turns into Stan Lee and he's like Excelsior.
But there's like a stream of piss coming out of his old cartoon dick.
I want the, sidebar, I thought it was really fun, the Stan Lee cameo.
When they pulled up to Stan Lee's house and he opens the front door and he's like,
I told you I didn't want to be in this one.
And they're like hilarious.
Thanks Stan, bye.
Thanks Stan.
Should we do some advice?
Yeah, I do want to say.
I got some advice.
Go see this fucking movie.
Yeah, it is an absolute trip.
I mean plan your day around it.
You need to bring two.
Yeah, definitely.
It's nine hours.
You need to bring two meals in with you.
And maybe a thermos to like, maybe with coffee.
Because it's, like I said, nine hours long.
It's a full day's journey.
We just bought a house and when we looked in the attic, we found 280 rolls of toilet paper in unopened 40 pack boxes.
I did the math and at Sam's Club, this is $137 worth of toilet paper.
Oh my God.
To make it stranger promo, cross promo, the toilet paper wasn't there at the home inspection a month beforehand.
Okay.
All right.
I'm weirded out.
Should we use it?
Am I good?
And that's from Vex in Virginia.
That was excellent reading Justin.
You're not only good, you are great.
You might have a magic house.
I mean it could be like the Giving Tree or perhaps a smart house situation where they know that you're going to do some work.
280 rolls, I can make that last for like three months.
Dude, are you kidding me?
That's awesome.
Yeah, you can have that taken off your plate for so long.
That's so much good stuff to find up there.
Griffin, did you say you could do 280 rolls for three months?
That's like three rolls a day.
Well, it depends on the brand because some of them you really got to like.
I don't want to get it.
We talked so much bathroom jive last week.
I would rather avoid these choppy waters.
I don't want to talk about bathrooms.
I want to talk about a concerning realization I had because I was thinking, well, this makes sense because what happened was they did the home inspection and then they were trying to clean out that one room where they had all their stuff because that's in every one.
You open that one door and you're like, whoa, you're keeping it all in here, huh?
Yeah.
And so they were like cleaning it all out and then they were looking for a place to store that toilet paper and they thought, the attic, they'll never find that out.
That's fine, but it does raise a troubling question.
That means that the previous owners of this house looked at 280 rolls of toilet paper and said, we're not going to need this where we're going.
Like what?
You definitely will need it, I think.
Unless you moved into the sewer where your stuff just kind of goes.
But you didn't.
You probably moved into a house.
Yeah, for sure.
An apartment or something.
There's a risky scenario here in which the previous owners come back and say, hey, we left our 280 rolls of toilet paper and we do need them.
We just completely forgot about them.
I thought that they had grabbed them.
They thought I had grabbed them and we left them.
And you're like, uh, I don't know what you're talking about.
I think legally when you do the signing at the house, everything that is in the house is, I think this is true, your legal property.
That's why you've got to clean out those drawers.
Can you imagine if you just realized you accidentally signed over 280 rolls of toilet paper to someone?
That's going to ruin your week.
Yeah, that's bad.
I mean, not for the $137 that it cost you, although I mean, that's a hit, but when you sell or buy a house, it's such a huge financial transaction.
I think 137 bucks at that point is kind of a drop in the bucket.
But I think the sort of emotional turmoil that is involved with acquiring and checking out with 740 pack with this TP fort that you've purchased.
And then getting that in your house and then up into the attic and then to leave all that good hard work up there.
I don't know, man.
Well, I mean, that's a real situation is maybe they did this and I don't know why they did it.
Maybe they didn't know why they did it, but they got it up there and like, well, we don't need that stuff.
And I certainly don't want to move, you know, 600 pounds of toilet paper again.
So I do have a twist on this, though.
What if obviously you're good to use it?
What if it's a bad brand?
What if it's a brand that you don't use?
There's some bad brands.
Myself personally, I only fucks with Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, which is my jam.
It's in the purple package.
It's the only thing I use.
Damn, dude.
How tender is your ender if you've got to go with something that has been hand stitched?
Griffin, statistically, you spend one third of your life in the bathroom.
And if you're going to do that, shouldn't you treat yourself to the finest?
The finest bathroom experience possible.
I mean, yeah, enjoy the go.
But like, there's a middle grounds between that school toilet paper, which is actually not.
It doesn't exist.
No, that's just the promise of toilet paper.
And what you're dealing with, which is like, all those adjectives that you said,
it sounded like you're just describing like a quilt.
Like they have a meemaw, like actually make a quilt, and they cut it up in a TP size,
and they roll it up, and you buy each roll for like $90.
I'm pretty sure, Griffin, that was like the Quilted Northern commercial campaign for a while.
It was.
It was like a knitting circle, and they were quilting the toilet paper for you to put on your butt.
And now it's just those nasty fucking bears, where the mom's like,
get that dookie off your bong.
And it's like, yo, dog, what family is this?
Mom, I don't need that much toilet paper to clean the feces off my bong hole.
Hey, son, don't, don't.
I'm in the kitchen making ravioli right now.
I don't want you to come in here and be like, I only needed two sheets to excavate the...
Like, no, dude, stop it.
I'm not even in your family.
I'm watching from home.
I don't know what ad wizard, Dr. Strange, thought that I wanted to be a part of this.
Because if I was a member of this family, I'd be like, you're sharing too much about the go.
Yeah.
Maybe that's how bears is, though.
I'm not enjoying the go right now.
Maybe that's how bears is.
What if it's a bad brand?
What if it's a bad brand?
You can't return it.
No.
You can't sell it.
No.
But what you've got, Justin, is you've got, you don't have 280 rolls of toilet paper at that point.
You've got 280 rolls of peace of mind.
Because you never have to worry about that moment when, like, you just got home, you barely made it home,
and you really have to, you know, you have to deuce, you have to number Tuesday, and you get to the door,
you get to the bathroom, and it's like, ah, somebody didn't replace it, and we're out.
But...
The attic.
But...
I've got it.
The attic.
You, I think if you have that peace of mind, Travis, if you have that security, knowing that you've got TP,
I think you're going to be pretty lackadaisical about maintaining your own good.
That is the concern.
Good, good supply.
Mm-hmm.
And I think you're going to chase sort of that self-defeating part of your subconscious that wants to destroy itself,
and you're just going to let yourself get down to the bare bones.
Okay.
You're going to have to have someone you trust hide it from you.
Shit.
And then you can contact them in case of emergency, but then they have to hide it again.
They need to be, they need to get a pager.
Okay?
Yeah.
You can't risk them being at a self-defense officer.
There's an atomic battery in it.
Yeah.
Like, you cannot have this pager go down.
You are my number one.
You can't go out of town.
You can't go on vacation.
Okay?
If you're going to go to your daughter's recital, you better sit in the back row because I could need you at any moment.
Put on this necklace.
We could universalize this position, and then like the pager goes off and someone's like,
are you a doctor?
You're like, no, I'm someone's poo father.
And you're like, oh, God.
Of course.
Go, go.
Put on this Greg Alert necklace.
And if it starts a-buzzin', hop in the whip.
How often would you call and just like, nope, just, and they run over in a huff.
Here it is.
I got it.
Just testing you.
No, I just need to make sure.
That was a very good response.
Now go hide, go hide that again.
Cause I cannot be bothered.
And I find my friends, dude.
So I know where the cache is now.
So you got to relocate it.
All of it.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
It's a constant battle of wits.
I'm always gonna be trying to find it.
I'm gonna follow you home.
I'm gonna be watching your every move.
I'm gonna get a Google car to follow you around and film your location.
I'm going to find it.
We're locked in this struggle for the rest of our lives, Jerry.
I don't know why I agreed to this.
I don't know why I agreed to this.
Hey, did you guys see hey, did you guys see rat race 2 yeah?
The plot was like fucked up like I don't know why Seth Green and Rowan Atkinson like agreed to do this one
Sort of taken it's kind of a departure
Have you guys seen the new Dan Brown Tom Hanks movie?
Like the hunt is great in the top flight, but man alive
One last thing because I know we've been hitting this question really hard
But the only other thing I could think for why you would hide this much of a treasure in the attic
I think there's an outside chances. It's a Jumanji situation
All I'm gonna say is be careful
More like poo manji and the show's canceled. Thanks for listening everybody
I didn't know I thought we were gonna make it to 400 like that was at least my dream is
400 we make it there in around 2018 or so, but like I guess this is I guess we've come to the end of the rainbow
Is it time?
To start planning for 420 or is that like?
Too much like I don't know how we're gonna do that one. What I mean we are now we're at like 326
326 so it's a couple years out, but it's it that it'll sneak up on you
It'll be a little a little less than two years, so it'll be probably it'll be about August 2018
if that by that point
We don't have
The worldwide legal that worldwide legal legal that legal beagle then like what the fuck is
What's up? What have we been up to?
I've also been alerted by a few listeners that we have we said in like
That on the first episode we said that on episode
350 Keenan and Kell would be on it and
I do have to say in our defense
Nobody could have guessed that Keenan would still be on SNL there
There is no reality in 2010 and not for lack of not for lack of talent like he's the best dude on there obviously
Yeah, he's out of control, but he's also now the longest running cast member. Yeah, well Bobby Moynihan
I think maybe no no no he's the most tenured, and he's also tied for like
Longest run ever with Darrell Hammond damn dog. No way really yeah, yeah
I thought Tim Meadows had a long run Tim Meadows was ten years
Keenan's been on there for like 14 now. I think good wow what a really dig in
Yeah, he he found what he was gonna. Do and he was just he just decided to move in
Also, we just need to evangelize as much as we can because I know there's people out there who haven't seen it go watch David
Pumpkins just go watch. It's called. I think it's called haunted elevator. It's a SNL sketch from this past weekend
It's really important to me, and it's gonna be important to you too once you've seen it
I I thought that they had really nailed it with the the land episode which was maybe the best I've seen in like five years
It's extremely good, but sorry sorry dude. You didn't have David pumpkins, which is didn't have David pumpkins monumental, okay, so here we go
I got a yahoo here, and it's from Paul
Kovasi a
Hey, how does that what Justin you drink Kovasi a mm-hmm crevasse crevasse crevasse a cool boss Kovasi a
It's co you are vo I s I er
Kovasi a I think it might be or it's corvus or I don't know anyway
Sunday Sunday Sunday at the civic arena corvus or
It's the fourth evolution of bulbous or crystal yahoo answers user crystal asks
Have you ever bought burgers at one place and fries at another I?
I prefer I
Think I think there's an outside chance Justin's laughing because the answer yes
I prefer Hardee's burgers, but I don't like their fries
So I usually get them at McDonald's people probably think I'm weird walking to McDonald's to buy fries while carrying a Hardee's bag
Hold on I
Wasn't expecting that twist. I thought we were talking drive-thru
I mean that doesn't to me if you've gone to
More than one fast-food restaurant to put a meal together that food has ceased to be fast
Now it's not you could have cooked that up in the time
It took you to drive to Mickey D's and then to Hardee's or vice versa. Do you know what I like to do?
Hmm. I like to get the burger at Wendy's the fries at Burger King because I like them crisper
there's something about the Pepsi at Taco Bell talk about and and the apple pies and
McDonald's and then the fried chicken at KFC and the tacos at Jack-in-the-box and now you've got like a five-course meal
That's the end. That's that song that McDonald's McDonald's
McDonald's Kentucky Fried Chicken
See that was actually just
Instructions for how to put together a bomb-ass meal a bomb-ass ten-course meal
You know the problem with that though realistically speaking is the first
Would be inedible cold by the time you finish your run. This basically needs to be a food court
Kind of scenario. I think for it to be in any way appetizing
You could also construct some kind of like foil lines
warming bag
Or maybe like a toaster oven plugged in to the cigarette lighter of your car
So you just pop into you pop into Hardee's and you're like just throw it in in my box
Drop it right in there. It says my good food box from all over is the label on this box
Just toss it in here cuz I've got other stops to make and you know why Hardee's it's cuz your fries are fucking trash
if
They sold, you know the pizza delivery guys have those
They should sell those really because I'm not gonna eat this whole pizza all at once
I would how will how luxurious would that be right if every time you popped it out?
It was like delivery fresh. That would be amazing. Well, I mean the bag's not magic
I don't believe it's plugged in
It's it can't be plugged in I believe it's charged up with enough pizza heating energy to get through a tough night of slinging
Zah, yeah, and then and then you you just use that to keep the pizzas warm, right? Well, then they're they're worried about the proprietary
Technology getting out because they don't want you to realize that really the delivery boy is just sitting in their car
With like a stack of these and then they just call them and they're like hey go there now
They're not make they just make a big stack am Travis how dark on of man. We are on some
That's another damn brown mystery solved. I'm just trying to get the word out. I think I have an idea
uh-huh for an eatery for a
delicatessen
And it's not I don't know if it's an especially novel idea because I'm actually convinced that this is actually how Jack in the box
Got its start because you go to Jack in the box. They're like, what do you need tacos chicken?
pita a salad burger fries onion rings and some soup and
Tacos, I mentioned that. All right, but we got him
1250 I think that maybe Jack in the box like they originally just burger and fries and people started bringing their Taco Bell tacos into
the spot and then rolling out and it's like well, I'm missing out a lot of
Food dollars, so they just rolled with it Jack in the box
It's like a drunk McDonald's because McDonald's was like, let's try bratwurst. No, no, no, no, let's do pizza for a bit
Oh, this is stupid Jack in the box. It's like I think we're gonna have tacos now and like yeah forever actually
It's not a limited time
Anyway, my you can also just get like a tray of like frozen shrimp if you want, but fuck it
Who cares my idea is a very open source?
Freeware Linux based
Fast-food restaurant where I'll go to Wendy's in the morning and I'll get a bunch of all the shit
I'll get Frosty's from Wendy's and some of their chicken sandwiches like those spicy chicken sandwiches and their chili bring that on home
McDonald's, what's up? Give me y'all the fries that you got on your shelf. Just let me introduce myself
I'm gonna make you go fucking bank drop with my better fast
Just go all over talk about get the chicken fresco tacos cuz they're really low-cal and that's an option
I need sometimes and then I don't know
10% markup
Sell all that shit at my own spot and it's just we got all the good eats that you crave here
Everything how many I would do that for a 10% markup. That is nothing
I would roll up and be like ooh chicken fresco tacos
We get that that and some McDonald's fries and a frosty with some chili. Oh fuck. Yeah. Hello
But then they don't stock the fries you want like they don't have this special
Yeah, you don't have rallies fries don't fucking poke holes in my Joseph's amazing Technicolor dream
Code of a restaurant. Of course, you've got those rally fries
What do you guys favorite fast-food fries go Travis go Burger King. They're crispier Griffin go McDonald's
It's like eating the ends of a mop that somebody cut off and just covered in oil and salt
Only fresh though old McDonald's fries the absolute pits. My answer is rallies. They're the best or checkers
I believe in the
Well, we can't okay. Hold on. We can't include season curlies. This is a completely different check world checkers rallies
Don't have because if that's the conversation who's that poking their head in the door who goes it's me Arby's don't mind me
Get him out of here. Hey rallies doesn't have a season curlies. They're seasoned. They're not curly listen folks at home
I know there's gonna be a temptation for you to tweet your favorite french fries as please don't do that
I could not get less of a shit, but
Please do tweet them at Ashton Kutcher and and tag put a hashtag with bim-bam on there so we could see it all
But just don't directly tweet your favorite french fries at us. I don't contextualize it at all
Good french fries you had one time a plus K. Is this Twitter handle? That's a little word out and he I
Imagine you go into Griffin's place, and we will have toys for the kids just loose toys laying around don't steal those kids
I'll say cuz I'll be outside of every door
just like did you put the toy back and
Then you go up, and there's a machine like they have at the airports and candy stores with the jelly bellies
Where is you just pull a handle and you get your favorite jelly belly except? It's like rally fries Arby fries
What the fuck ever?
Do it your way. It should just be a bag with a scale at the end of the line
Candy like a candy store just chuck as much slop in there as you want
You will need to hire somebody to stand by the scale to look at you with a face that says I'm not judging you
Don't worry about it. Go to town. Oh, you should call it last meal. No cuz it's good. It's a good idea
This isn't a joke idea. This isn't a joke idea about bad food. This is good
What you're describing Griffin is
Releasing all ties of self-control that you have by saying I need to pick one fast-food place and just go there and then go home
providing this kind of option
It could undo many people wrong myself, maybe but it's time
I'm talking about stripping away the fucking
DRM that McDonald's puts on its fries where you have to go to McDonald's get to get McDonald's fries
There should just be an open source
Solution for your real disruptor Griffin. You're also gonna save gasoline. How about that save gasoline? Oh boy
I'm global warming now. It's now we got global cooling. What the fuck happened Griffin's place. Did it?
Have you been they have great toys and all the fries?
Griffin's price sounds like a rehab. I love you, but I don't think
You should probably call it. They said that about they said that about McDonald's probably when it started
It it also sounds like a dance club for teens
Maybe we don't go to McDonald's and buy their stuff
Maybe I just have all the recipes and I'm in the back custom cooking them up, you know, cooking them up to order
Oh that you're probably gonna have to do a food truck Griffin because I don't think you'll have to be floating at this point
Because if you stay in one place, you're going to be arrested and probably sued for cooking other people's food
You'll have to be on the run constantly
Yeah, damn. Yeah, that's true. Still. It's worth it if I can save if I can disrupt the planet
I'm gonna do the damn thing come to my restaurant. It's really good
Listen, if we're ever gonna afford this then we're gonna need a cash infusion
And the only way I can think to do that is to head over to the money tone
Hey, can I tell you about Squarespace, please do sure would
Well, you see Squarespace makes website building easy for those of us who don't know two shits about website design
Okay, should I do it do you think no I'm gonna stick with this I like this see I'm a real dummy
I don't know anything. All right, and maybe you're like me. Maybe you don't know anything about website design
Well, I made a website through Squarespace called macro shows calm and it turned out real
Well, people compliment me on it from time to time and I just look at them and I have like a glint in my eye
And they're like, why are you looking me like that?
And what they don't know is that I don't know what I'm doing
But I still made a great website and that could be used smugly smiling at your friends when they compliment something that you spent 45
minutes making yeah, um
It's they make good beautiful websites. And if you need a website, they got your back
That's all you need and you can get a free trial and you can start it today
If you go to squarespace.com slash my brother, you'll get 10% off your first purchase
That's squarespace.com slash my brother all one word get 10% off your first purchase
Hey, can I talk about Casper though? Yeah, please. Yes, cuz I just got a Casper mattress. Yeah
I haven't been on it though. Oh
We got it for the we got a trundle bed out in the nursery and the in-laws were in town this past weekend
And they got to utilize it, but not me. No
I'll get on it someday though. It looked really inviting and comfortable. Oh, I'm sorry
We're sponsored in part this week by Casper which is an online retailer of premium obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction of the price
I did I did lay down on it. It's comfy. I just didn't get my Z's on
But what I will say is getting it in that
Surprisingly little box and then deploying it. I felt like some sort of techno man
I felt like I felt like dr. Strange and his friend Jeremy just like making this small thing become very big and comfortable that
Is my favorite scene by the way in the movie when they're just like setting up their apartment and there it's like
I want to say 35 40 minutes of them just like
Unpacking IKEA furniture. I think they do Casper mattresses and they're like putting stuff together
They order pizza at one point they take a break to watch an episode of Bob's Burgers in real time
They have a pizza really good. They have a pizza fight at each other. It's really really fun
Anyway, Casper, they've got a risk-free trial and return policy
You can sleep on a Casper for a hundred days and they have free deliveries to the US and Canada and painless returns
If you don't like it, just just send it on back and you got a hundred days to check it out
And the mattresses are they're American made strong tough mattresses. Well, not tough. They're I mean, they're comfortable
Anyway, my bim-bam listeners they can get 50 bucks towards a mattress purchase
If you go to Casper comm slash my brother and you use the promo code my brother all one word at checkout
terms and conditions apply
Should we mention yeah, we hope you like hearing us talk about Casper mattresses
Because we're gonna spend some time doing that in a special bonus episode
That's going to be mostly focused on
Casper mattresses, it's gonna be really comfortable. It's gonna be very chill. It's gonna be very ASMR. It's gonna be slightly spooky. I imagine
So stay tuned for more details on our our spooktacular Casper episode special
But do you start cooking up your best?
like sleepy time questions or it's gonna be a very
It's a very confusing episode thematically, but
It's gonna be it's gonna be a hit have you guys heard the news? Oh
yeah about the
About that baseball show baseball show
It's a comedy podcast that uses baseball as a jumping-off point to discuss sports culture pop culture
Zeitgeist and stories about baseball that don't require an advanced understanding of stats or saber metrics far from being a quote hot take or news
Analysis show the tone is casual and from the viewpoint of two lifelong fans and comedians
You can download our weekly episode on iTunes stitcher or wherever fine podcasts are found
This is it's called that baseball show and as you can tell from there
The one promise they make is they'll never talk about baseball. It's pretty much everything
No, I think they do actually talk a lot about baseball
You think there'll be also some baseball and what an exciting time to baseball because there's two teams in it
For the big one and nobody thought they would and but they did it. They did baseball a lot better than everybody else
And then I guess everybody voted on
Who they thought did the best job and then based on that they got the the pennant
And then they move on to the big one. So congratulations to those teams and to all their fans
This must be really exciting for you that your bad baseball teams did finally get it finally pulled it out
It's like crazy. Like I heard the news of the two teams that made it. I was like, those are both bad baseball
Baseball teams. That's weird. How did they so did he add? That's a good point Justin
Did everybody else just get worse than these two bad baseball team is baseball?
I think it might have just been their rotation like it just came up in the books and everybody's went
Okay, and they had to turn to him
Yeah, cuz I know there's a lot I don't really follow baseball
But I know there's a long time there were like
The Yankees like everybody was pretty bad except the Yankees were like they did
Okay, and so they won all the baseball for like a hundred years or something crazy. Yep, but these two teams are like
Not good, but they're doing it and not getting it done. They won the vote. So isn't that just America?
You know what? I mean? Everyone gets an America it more this and more on that baseball show finding iTunes
They're wherever fine podcasts are sold. I have another message. I'm gonna read cuz why not it's for Nat
But never Nate and it's from Laura and Monica very mysterious. Hi, not Nate
Do you ever wonder why everyone else sucks? Does the lateness of the oncoming asteroid keep you up at night?
What about your loud deaf cat? Are we just naming things you hate like mushrooms bacon mayonnaise and ranch dressing?
Yes, we are and we have no solutions for any of your problems
But I bet you forgot your cancer came back and that's from Lauren moniker. Okay. I mean, it's an approach
It's definitely one is good
Certainly if you want to try to keep somebody's mind off something just focusing on the things they hate
That's like it's like what patch Adams did but the opposite of it the opposite of what he did
We have to assume considering that we now know this is their strategy that he hates our show, right?
I mean like that's the assumption and the good news is there there's like 325 episodes
Just 325 hours of you. It's just hateable material
So in in serious though net and that not Nate shit. Why would you even put that in there?
Why would you do that in there except to trip us up?
You know how Justin is why would you do this to him?
Hang in there pal. We believe in you
Mugs shirts stickers patches tanks and more are yours for the purchasing at max fun store calm
Hey, you already love the podcasts
So why not take this to the next level and outfit your home and bud with our merch max fun store calm?
Because if you have to wear a shirt, it should be one of ours
Dunna pop up a dump pop pop pop a dump. What's come on down on the cruise? It's crews
We're taken together. Holy shit. Who's the captain of this ship? It's Jackie Chan. Here's a story
I forgot about Jackie Chan stories
We've had we've been on sort of a dry spell of Jackie Chan stories. So here's a random Jackie Chan story
Jackie Chan buys the segue every movies on at some point
He gives away the segue to a crew member a friend who does craft services was lugging a bunch of ice up a hill and Jackie
Was rolling by on his segue noticed
He was struggling and since his segue had saddlebags gave him the segue and said you need this more than I do
Then walk the rest of the way up the hill to set now the craft service friend uses the segue to deliver people
Trays of food on sets and that's from Taylor. Holy shit. That's the best
Best it's the best. Is it the truth and the answer according to a cursory Google search is yes
Absolutely, it's the truth. Of course. It's the truth
I I just love the idea that Jackie Chan buys the segue and then waits to see someone in need
Before deciding who to give it to it's not like oh you did a great job in the movie have a segue
But it's just looking to see someone struggling with something and he's like them. This is it
they need this more than I do Jackie chance not only a fan and and frequent purchaser of subways this dude owns a
Segway dealership in Hong Kong. I was in Hong Kong last year. Why didn't I swing on by let me get one of those?
Jackie Chan segues
These one thing he's working there. These ones never fall over but when they do fall over
It's like really charming and they put it at the end of the movie
God I would kill for a Jackie Chan Segway. I wouldn't know man
I would kill for a Jackie Chan Segway movie. Yeah, they're movie featuring Jackie Chan on Segway
And it would be like fast and furious, but it'd be like kind of slow and Jackie Chan
Fuck Paul Blart mall cop three. Oh my god
Right, he goes to Hong Kong to do some like
International mall copping and who's there why it's the head of the Hong Kong mall cops Jackie Chan
Paul Blart mall cop three Jackie Chan's in this one. Is this okay? I gotta I gotta save this for death part
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, hold on to it. Yeah
Are we going into another fucking segment?
No, no, no, I'm gonna read a question. No, this is just the outro music Jackie Chan
None of our vids have outro music. I
Share my dorm at college with another girl who has recently been
Once again, you've done this thing again where some innocent person is gonna hear the first sentence of their question
It's like oh they're doing my oh
Hey guys, yeah, the news of fucking 90s are back
The 90s are back every this is a trend I've noticed with fast food press releases
Which is what we read here on much squad
They are written as though the person has just been unfrozen or uncombed after a very long break from society
And is just now catching up. This is literally how this starts
Uh
October 4th is national taco day and Wendy's is celebrating by giving fans a taste of nostalgia
With the return of its beloved taco salad. That's right in an era of covers comebacks remakes and reboots
The 1990s classic is
Spiritual successor to salads with taco shit in it sort of a remaster
criterion collection of
Salad with meat goo all up on it. It's just the thing about the taco salad is like let's before we I want to
Contextualize this before we get to the choice quote
The kid this is a salad that is made by dumping tortilla chips on a plate and then they dump
they take the chili that is already made from their burger leave ins and
Cut into chili and then they dump that chili on there and then put some shame lettuce on and this is what 90s kids
Are just gaga about this is what this is the crazy taste. They just can't replicate
Toad the wet sprocket and fucking gooey meaty salads from Wendy's my favorite
But this is just me. This is just me bloating about it. Let's get it from an expert an expert like
No shit, Carl Laredo
vice president of Wendy's brand marketing
and cattle rustler and and main antagonist in a fast-food based fiction novel
I've never long Meyer, but I'm sure he's on it. Carl Laredo says
Wendy's taco salad is an all-time classic and over the years fans of the original have asked if we're ever bringing it out of retirement
We love how nostalgic and passionate our loyal taco salad fans are and we look forward to introducing it to a new
generation of fans with the same build
quality and grill
Excuse me. I've got to go capture those McMillan boys. Damn. Damn, Carl. That is it
I know I'm salivating as soon as you said build
Crap, look at that build of that salad with all its points and jutting edges with the same sloppy architecture
It's a built using all the ingredients that made it so popular when it first hit the menu. Oh god. Thank god
I thought lettuce and chips would be in short supply the ingredients for a taco salad are taco and
salad
The taco salad starts with a bed of fresh hand-chopped iceberg and well
hold on and is then topped with Wendy's signature chili hand diced tomatoes and
Shredded cheddar cheese and it really says this next part beyond that anything on the salad is your call. Oh, yeah
freedom
Salsa
And anything it lets you concoct your own unique flavorful taco salad creation. I
Guess my worry
My worry is that there's too many options and I'd be crippled by choice
I would just be frozen in place by the unknowing of it all do you think that would do you think that would go to
McDonald's and get
Like their chili and put it on there and then go to Jack-in-the-box and get like a chicken pita sandwich
To just have on the sizies because I want it my way damn it
I bet there's nobody the workers at the Wendy's drive-thru love more than the guy that wants to lovingly personalize his
Talk
There I'll have a taco salad, okay, that'll be five nine nine just pour hold up Bob whoa
Don't start making that bad boy yet. I gotta lay hands on it
Can I just meet can I just meet you at the window? I want to see ya
I want to see it happen just can you just lay out a tray?
Can you haul the tray out here to my car and let me just sort of go fuck wild?
I've been thinking about this bad boy for the last three days. I think I've got the numbers figured out
I'm ready to form to build my masterpiece. Hey dump a frosty on it sir. We can't we can't
I'll go to we'll go to jail for that
But then they just then they just turn and Carl Laredo's sitting at the table
And he just nods at them and they're like okay frosty it is don't put up and off big old sprite into it listen
I've got a kid. I can't do shit like this anymore
I
It's irresponsible
Can I read this yahoo? I want to read the question that I read cuz I otherwise will forget
I just want to read it, and we'll solve it real quick, and then yahoo promise, okay
I share my dorm at college with another girl who's recently been using my menstrual pads
I paid 20 bucks for them, so I am each what?
I would have no way of knowing I paid 20 bucks for them because I only buy tampons
So I feel like I should ask her to buy her own at least before she uses a ball of mine
But I'm also a shitty roommate
Should I let her have the pads as an apology for being messy and staying up too late or put my foot down
I also pay for our toilet paper paper towels and tissues by the way, and that's from miffed in Montreal
We're out of our dad eyes. I literally have no I you I would believe any price that you told me
20 bucks, I don't know what the I don't know what per unit what we're talking about here
It's that's beside the point though. I suppose
We could see how many roll we could use some quick math and see how many rolls of toilet paper that translates do sure
Just to give us some basis, but it's hard to say it's hard to say so I think like I think
Here's the thing if you have an economy of justification in your mind, which is to say
Let her have the pads as an apology for being messy and staying up too late
Then it sounds like you have a way of justifying it for yourself, and if it doesn't upset you too bad
Then you're I guess you're good. I don't minstrel pads seems like a thing that I wouldn't
want to
Use consistently from somebody else
Is that a weird is that a weird thing to say like it the the only thing I can
There is no I cannot equate it to anything
Over I'm on my side of the business, but like I don't know I don't think a hygiene product like that
I would want to just yoink from a roommate on a like a regular basis because that's like that's an obvious infraction
Well because that the problem is especially an mmm dancing around my limits of knowledge
Something that you need only during a specific time you would totally forget to replace assuming you had some leftover
Yeah
But then they're not there because Rumi took them when you have he's so mad when you have your minstrel
like you need to know that you've got your supply and if it's all gone and it's time and it's it's time for the
minstrel then like that's
That's just gonna be a really uncomfortable situation
Yeah, I think I think that you've got what city you bring it up
You have a friend hide with them. I think you've got or you can hide them yourself is not a bad plan and
Then they can do it. They'll just buy their own damn stuff. I
Get I I'm so out of my depth on any even ones not involving minstrel pads
Like I'm so out of my depth on roommate civility questions now
And I think it's why we don't do as many is cuz like I didn't like dealing with that stuff when I was
One of those and now I'm I haven't gotten better at it. I don't think
Did you chart in these waters? Yeah, I never had a roommate, so I don't I'm
It's hard to say
How about this Yahoo? Yeah, it's sent in by Molly Bruce. Thank you Molly. See how who answers user
Oh, come on. It's trying to load Kevin has zero percent best answers. Oh
Yeah, he's only got one answer actually let's hop in at Kevin's activity and just see what he's been up to
It's about
Reprogramming a Mercedes keychip to a different Mercedes. Maybe he's a high-priced car thief. Anyway, Kevin asks
Marilyn Monroe poses with two handguns in her hands crossed over each other
I want to put it on a shirt for a friend. Where can I get the image so I can enlarge it?
Trying to get a picture on a shirt and it's Marilyn Monroe
Starving and she's got two fucking handguns and she's got her hands crossed over her chest and she's got these two guns in her hands
And it's Marilyn Monroe from seven-year itch, but she's got two big cool guns
So I want to get this on a shirt and I think Kevin obviously wants to handle it legally
So like what are the steps? I think obviously first step is just go the Monroe estate and sort of pitch your design to them
And see what they think
Oh, okay. Just to clarify currently this image does not exist anywhere, but Kevin's head
Yes, I get I did a quick Google image search and I'm here to tell you boys if you want to picture Marilyn Monroe
With two guns you're in luck because there are I would describe it as a lot of them
Available
I'm googled now. No, I'm the googled one
And there's a hundred thousand pictures of Marilyn Monroe with guns
WHAT'S GOING ON IN THE INTERNET?
FUCK ME
WE NEED ANOTHER INTERNET
WE NEED A DIFFERENT INTERNET
WE ALL NEED TO GET ON FUCKING LIKOS OR JAVA OR SOME SHIT
AND GET ON A SALE BOAT
WE NEED TO FIND A CHUNK OF INTERNET ICE THAT WE CAN BREAK OFF WITH ALL OF US ON IT
CAUSE THIS ONE'S FUCKING DONE WITH
Why are there so many?
She does look really cool though
She looks so cool
But why are there so many is the question
Why is there two hundred thousand million billion results of actress star of stage and screen Marilyn Monroe with two guns?
Why does this happen?
Why are there so many pot leaves on them?
Well I know why, I mean you get one
It's just
There's Marilyn Monroe holding guns
Marilyn Monroe bandit
Marilyn Monroe holding money
Is there money and guns? Let's see
Yes?
I just found a picture of her holding three ice cream cones and it's real
So I don't know if that balances it out at all
Quick google Marilyn Monroe holding puppies
Okay
Marilyn Monroe holding two blank
Marilyn Monroe weed and puppies
My god there's a lot of pictures of Marilyn Monroe holding puppies
Daggum it
Daggum it here's one with just a big big big big joint in her mouth
Huge and guns
I'm just gonna put Marilyn Monroe holding two weeds and see what comes up
I'm sorry for this question
Hold on
There's a lot of her with weeds
I apologize for this question everybody
I thought this was gonna be a fun one
Can you imagine her holding
Yeah you don't need to imagine
There's some sort of community somewhere that has imagined it
Realized it
Gone to the Monroe estate
And I guess her granddaughter is like yeah that's fucking choice
Do that shit
Crush it dude
Put it on a jacket and ship me one
I miss my grandma
Yeah she loved guns
When I started looking at it and I thought I only saw one gun
I was like nah and then I saw the second gun
And I was like yeah and then I saw the weed
And I was like did they come in medium?
Cause that's my size for them
Here's one
Here's one I found
No guns or weed in this one unfortunately
But it is the actress Star Stages Cream Marilyn Monroe
And a skeleton is giving her a tattoo
And it says diamonds are forever on it
I'm actually
I'm really bummed out that I can't find
An image of Marilyn Monroe
Wearing a Bart Simpson t-shirt that says
Don't have a cow man
It's all I want now in the world and it doesn't exist
So someone could photoshop that
And I'm not talking about
I don't want like a shitty copy and pasted
I want it to really look like she's wearing a Bart Simpson t-shirt
That says don't have a cow man
Please
One bright thing I can tell you guys
Is that my quick google image search
For Marilyn Monroe fucking son of the hedgehog
Has yielded no joy
So we've still got
That corner of the internet is still
Okay
That one's safe
How about Marilyn Monroe wearing a fanny pack
Now why would that
Be part of the thing
Why would that be
I think we should wrap the episode up
Because this is gonna be my whole day now
Just Marilyn Monroe holding so many different things
So many illegal things
Maybe this is a powerful image that we don't
Know about like and we're
I hope we're not being disrespectful
I don't know if there's a community for who Marilyn Monroe
Holding two guns and also weed
Is like a powerful image that's important
To them
If someone can explain to me the image
Of Marilyn Monroe
Getting a shoulder tattoo from a skeleton
And the words diamonds are forever
And there's a big diamond
Over the skeleton
Why is the skeleton tattooing
Marilyn Monroe
And why does it say diamonds are forever
On the thing
One other thing to note is that there are no pictures
On the entire internet of Marilyn Monroe holding three
Guns so I guess
At some point taste does kick in
That's not done
You know what's strange though is I just googled
Marilyn Monroe and there's
No pictures of her not holding guns
Or weed or being tattooed by a bony
Skeleton man
Do you think this is oh this is probably one of those fun
Google Halloween filters
Where he dresses up all the images in a costume
And this costume is like
Some sort of weird ICP wet
Dream
Well folks we hope
You've enjoyed my brother my brother
Is there a picture of a gun holding Marilyn Monroe
Two guns
One gun holding two Marilyn Monroe
I can't I can't do this
Show anymore it's really
I miss my cool grandma so
Much she would fucking toke it with me
And we'd go shoot at the house
We would just shoot at the side of the house with my
High fucking cool ass seven year
Age grandma are you saying the only
Merch the Monroe estate
Are ones
Where Marilyn Monroe is holding two guns
Or smoking weed
Well that was it it was in her will
That's what it said in her will
Google in quotes some like it
Pot oh no she did
She did party
Okay so let's wrap it up huh
Yeah let's wrap it up
Thanks so much for listening to my brother
My brother and me
We hope you enjoyed it
We did our best at it
So like we said we're doing
We're doing a Casper mattress
Special it'll be in addition to our
Regular weekly app
Yes and it will be coming out soon hopefully
Like either on or before
Halloween so if you have any
Either a sleeping
Like advice questions
Or spooky advice questions
Or sleeping spooky advice
Questions email them to us
With Casper
Somewhere in the subject line so we can find
Them very easily and then hopefully that
Will be up soon I want to thank
John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song
It's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
It's a wonderful album that you should
Definitely go listen to I also want to thank
Maximum Fun for having us on their network
Go to Maximumfun.org and just start clicking
On some shows listen to shows like the
Beef and Dairy Network and Throwing
Shade and Jordan Jesse
Go there's a ton of good shows
On that network if you like our shows you can
Go to McElroyShows.com and go
Listen to all the podcasts that we do and watch
Our video stuff you can find
Our contact info all at McElroy
Shows.com also
I just watched PBS
Did a special documentary
About Hamilton and
I believe it's called Hamilton's America
Theresa and I watched it
And it's just real real good
And you can watch it in its entirety
Right now on PBS
I think if you just search Hamilton's
America PBS you
Should be able to find it or you can go to
Bit.ly forward slash mbmb
Am Hamdoc if
You just want to find it directly but it's
Really really good now don't get confused
If you get turned
Over to the Ham Doctor
And this is a man who
Creates wonderful
Sinful delights for your Easter dinners
Or
If your ham gets broken and fucked up
He should be able to fix it up for you
He will fix your ham
And I do want to encourage everybody
To get out
There to your local Cineplex
Your local
World of Cine and just check out Doctor Strange
It's going to be out
There for you November 4th
Limited one weekend engagement
Yeah
Tilda's in it Rachel's in it
Mads the whole family's here for this
Just some poor independent
Filmmaking
Which Tilda? Swinton
Oh
That's not my favorite
My favorite
Chiwetel is in it as well
So we've got like
A bunch of stars
In this gallery
It's a good flick
I was hoping for Tilda
Jordan
So did you say John Roderick thing?
I did him yeah
Well then that's all the show there is
Yeah we ran out of road
Let's just blast off
With our last question
Alright 3, 2, 1 this one's sent in by
Zoe Kinski riding high
Thank you Zoe it's by Yahoo Answers user
Ghost who asks
Am I the only one who thinks
The actor Dwayne Johnson looks like
The Rock from WWE
My name is Justin
McElroy
I'm Travis McElroy I'm Griffin McElroy
This has been my brother my brother may he kiss your dad
Square on the lips
Listen up Midwestern Max Funsters
Do not miss out on the
Inaugural Chicago Podcast Festival
November 17th through 19th
Catch the hilarious ladies of
Lady to Lady and the witty and incisive
Aneke and James from Minority Corner
Plus Bullseye with
Jessie Thorne will feature interviews with
Some pretty heavy hitters like
Andre Rojo and Dwayne Kennedy
Don't snooze don't lose
Tickets are available right now
Visit Maximumfun.org
And buy them
