Hi folks, this is Griffin McElroy, your baby brother.
And this is Travis McElroy, your middlest brother.
And what you're about to hear is the first episode
of the Max Fun Drive 2017,
Welcome to the Slam and Come On and Jam and all that.
Justin's not here by the way.
Cause he got slammed and jammed.
Yeah.
He literally got turned into a basketball
and he got dunked through a hoop
and he fell into a cartoon alternate universe
and he got put through a hoop
and like he needs surgery and stuff now.
It's very sad, but you know what?
It's the risk you take when you play with the Monstars.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
In the game of jams, you win or you die.
Exactly.
Well, Justin lost and lived.
But anyway, that's all beside the point.
What you need to know about this episode,
one, we recorded it in Portland hours
before our Portland live show,
which by the way, hey Portland, what's up?
Thanks for coming out on Saturday.
We had a good time and a good night with you.
That live episode, we are probably gonna save
until after the Max Fun Drive,
but it was super fucking fun and very weird and really long.
It was like our longest live show ever.
So it was a blast.
The other thing you should probably know
about this episode, what's a good way to put this?
Okay, so we recorded it in a hotel room altogether
using a new setup and there's some minor audio issues.
Travis sounds like he's maybe recording
from a well or something.
You can listen, don't let Griffin oversell it.
You can totally understand everything I say
and you can hear me.
It just sounds like Griffin and Justin
made me record in the hallway
while they were in the hotel room.
Travis got put in the boo-boo box.
Anyway, that's not great.
And also there's a little bit of static interference
that pops up every now and then.
It's not like super loud or anything like that,
but it's kind of annoying.
We're recording this because it's Max Fun Drive
and the last thing we want you to think
is that we just kind of shit some stuff out.
We recorded like a dozen podcasts last week
and we actually have a lot more to record this week too
and so this was sort of like the only way
we could do this one and we just didn't realize
that it wasn't up to our normal standards
and that is regrettable considering
it's the first week of the Max Fun Drive
and we hope it doesn't reflect poorly on us
or like what we think of the drive
or you, the listeners, for supporting us
because this episode aside, we really do spend your money
to improve the show technically.
So yes, we are sorry for the somewhat poor quality
of the audio of this episode.
But that said, I will say there were some moments of this
where I was laughing my head off
because like we're so very rarely,
just as a little teaser,
we do finally nail down our pitch for Austin Powers 4.
Yes, there's very exciting, very important stuff
to the canon of the podcast.
So first off, thank you all for listening.
Thank you all for being members of the Max Fun Network.
We're gonna talk a lot about that in the actual episode
but it really does mean a lot
that you all would support us and help us to grow
and like do stuff like travel to Portland
and do a fun live show there and do all this stuff.
We really appreciate you very, very much.
The other thing, as sort of a mea culpa,
sort of an apology for the less than awesome
audio quality of this episode,
we're gonna be putting out another thing
this probably later this week, don't you think?
Yeah, definitely.
Maybe Thursday or Friday, somewhere in there.
That we also recorded while we were in Portland
and we can't give away,
I don't wanna give away too much
about this thing that we recorded.
It could turn out to be the pilot of the next serial
is what I'll say that. This is true, yeah.
I'll also say we recorded this episode
that you're about to hear before the live show.
We recorded this other thing after the live show
and let's just say there was a unique,
wink, wink, wink, energy in the space.
Wink, wink, wink.
So that will be up later this week.
But in the meantime,
like brace yourselves for a little bit of audio issues,
but like an episode that I'm actually really proud of
and I would have been really sad
if we had had to dump it. I know.
So I'm very glad that you can,
listen, still totally listenable.
So don't let this turn you off.
Portland is just an audio wormhole
because the live show, the only live show
we've never published got up in Portland too.
There's just, I love Portland, man,
love getting to the port city.
There's audio demons and gremlins all over.
Sasquatches, audio sasquatches.
White noise just all over, just trying to creep on you.
Anyway, that's it for this apology press conference.
Any questions?
Maximumfun.org forward slash donate
if you wanna just get it out of the way now.
Okay, yes, and then you're legally allowed
to skip all the Max Fun Drive spots in this episode.
Okay, let's get right to it.
The McElroy brothers are not experts
and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert,
but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids,
which I mentioned only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar, it's a new craze.
And good girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna, just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me and the Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin, Tyler McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis, Tyler McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Tyler, Tyler, Tyler.
You'll pay for the whole Tyler, but you'll only use the edge.
Did you send out questions, Travis?
I did, why?
This is first, foremost, welcome to Max Fun Drive.
Hell yeah, you did it, and we decided to do something
real fucking special for you this time,
which is to say we just ate a bunch of Voodoo donuts
and I'm just fucking feeling it so hard, dude.
Yeah, this is the donut, what's a good, catchy, zingy?
Donut, skip this episode.
No, that's not a good.
It's really good.
Donuts for donuts.
No, the donutagon, the donutahedron.
Donutahedron.
Like, we had spaghetti again, and I feel like this is the follow-up,
because we're jacked on.
We're fucking jacked on donuts.
Jacked on donuts.
Sugar.
We're in Portland, we're doing our Portland live show,
and you know, we're all in the same room,
so we thought, let's just make a very special episode.
This is a chill, can you take a picture of this chill-ass sesh?
I mean, not during the podcast, but probably during.
Yeah, maybe not during, but Travis has this hooked up to the lav mics,
which is weird, because I need that fucking totem of comedy in front of me.
Yeah, it just feels like we're talking to each other, but I hate it.
I need that big metal comedy dong in front of me
that I can just sort of shout into.
So it's weird, like I'm just looking at you and talking and like,
is this being recorded?
And I look down at this dumb old doohickey on my chest,
and I'm like, oh yeah, this is good.
So wait, so you say you sent questions.
I did, episode 347.
I literally titled it 347, Max Fun Drive week one,
recorded live in Portland.
Oh, you sent it like a grip ago.
Dude, you sent it on March 16th.
That was two days ago.
Yeah, that was before St. Patrick's Day.
I was prepared.
So let's first start off with this.
Let's first start off with this.
Let's start off with this.
Justin's pointing at me, so it's a vote.
I want to start off with this.
Well, hold on, mine was...
No, I both, I want to start off.
Oh, okay.
I don't have anything.
Okay, I got on an elevator last night
when I got here to Portland at 12.45 a.m.
with a St. Patrick's Day celebrant
who smelled so much like two people's yards
that it made me not want to be in the elevator with him.
And so Portland just goes hard.
I didn't know.
Yeah, I didn't know y'all went hard.
You don't see that on the Portlandia comedy show.
You don't see people going fucking deep in the paint
to celebrate St. Patrick's great sacrifice.
I'll balance that out by saying I went to Rose and Thistle,
local favorite, Rose and Thistle,
had a nice, pleasant corned beef and cabbage,
and again, it was very chill, and I left.
Now, granted, this was five o'clock,
so I don't think we'd hit peak celebration time.
Yeah.
But speaking of celebration-
Hey, let's celebrate.
What I wanted to start off with is
it's week one of Max Fun Drive,
and we're gonna tell you all about it as we go through.
But right now, maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
You know what?
Listen, there's gonna be two weeks
of people giving you really good reasons
why you should donate.
Why not just do it now?
And it's like, I'm done.
Yeah, I agree.
And get that all out of the way.
And you know what?
Skip those parts.
Yeah, then you're legally allowed to fast forward
through the parts of this show
that you don't wanna listen to.
So if you have been waiting for the perfect time
to become a Max Fun donor, it's now.
It's the my brother, my brother, me fast pass.
Go ahead and fast and donate now.
But listen, if you try to fast forward
and you didn't donate, we'll know
and we'll shock your finger.
Yeah.
I have been waiting to reveal this to you
until we were all recording.
Last night, I arrived in the evening
a few hours after my brother Travis did.
And I called him to say what,
you know what I'm about to say.
Yes, it is.
I called him and I said, where are you at?
He said, I'm in the hotel.
I'm right above you.
So I would go up to his room.
He said, I just, and then when I called,
he said, I just got dessert, come on up.
I was like, okay, cool.
I go up, my little brother Travis
has ordered three discrete desserts for himself.
Oh, that's no.
That's no knowledge of my presence.
Travis has ordered three discrete desserts.
When I asked him, when I inquired,
what would possess him to get three discrete desserts?
He told me I was bored.
So that is not, I don't think that that.
I wanted to, yeah, okay, listen.
What were the three desserts?
First off, let me hit the show.
Thank you.
First it was, I believe it was a peanut chocolate bomb
with salted caramel.
And then there was a like vanilla ice cream
and chocolate brownie number.
And a set of three creme brulees,
or as I like to call them, creme delays.
Why?
Because I used to make a delay hill.
Okay, yeah, sure.
Love that guy.
And so I had three creme delays.
And.
You know he's fucked up and said it that way once.
And Mr. Hill, will you have the creme delay?
I mean, shit.
Shit.
And I had not intended to eat all three of them.
I just wanted to sample what life in Portland hotels was like.
Yeah.
This is a good hotel though.
I'm enjoying this hotel, the Hotel Eastland
is where we're staying.
Well, yeah, people won't hear this.
They'll have to run out of it.
Right, Hotel Eastland, room 205 at 305.
Better luck next time, murderers.
You'll never murder us this time.
You'll catch us on the next go round.
This is gonna be really sad if we do get murdered.
Portland, this is released posthumously.
Should we get going?
Yeah, let's go.
I'm gonna tell you about the Max Fun Drive
and the cool stuff you can earn.
Just go donate, you'll get cool stuff.
We really need it and appreciate it.
MaxFunFun.org forward slash donate.
Donate.
I'm a busboy at a popular chain restaurant
and I need some advice.
I frequently work long shifts
that begin early in the morning
and end in the late afternoon with no break.
And I have a tendency to skimp on breakfast.
So bad.
Tim Ferriss says you need 30 grams of protein
within 30 minutes of waking up.
Who says this?
Tim Ferriss for our work week for our body.
Oh, I don't know who that is.
It's a slow carb diet.
Slow carb?
Slow carb?
Yeah, it's like low carb.
It's like low carb minus cheese and dairy plus beans.
So beans at every meal.
So you go to the Cheesecake Factory
and you just really take your time.
No, you don't.
No, what?
You're not listening to me.
Travis, should we turn the air conditioner off, you think?
I'm worried it's gonna get big.
No, listen, I want people to know
what it feels like to be in a hotel room.
Okay, well, we're nice and cool.
No, I've been doing it.
That's why I was so hyped about donuts.
Actually, why, I'm kinda surprised
you didn't drop this bomb.
We'll get back to this question in a second.
I've been doing the slow carb diet,
so I've only been eating no sugar, nothing white,
no milk, no dairy, no sugar, no fruit, no...
Well, this is a bad diet.
If it's like, don't fruit it up, dude.
Now, do you think your ancestors
had easy accessibility to fruit?
Yeah, they just looked up in a tree
and they're like, let's eat those.
There's some red stuff up here, that's weird.
Fruit toast is sugar, it's sugar, guys.
Hey, guys, it's sugar.
So wait, you're telling me that you have the inside scoop
that fruit is bad for you?
Fruit's bad, you heard it here first.
Fruit is sugar.
You're dropping on me, you're dropping on me.
Hold up, we'll get back to the question in a second.
Fruit is bad for you.
Signed, Justin Mackerel.
No, if I was a person of a healthy weight,
fruit in moderation would be good for me.
I'm not.
But once you get overweight,
you're not allowed to have fruit anymore?
Because now fruit is bad for you?
No, because it's just sugar, guys.
It's high, okay, Travis, where does sugar come from?
No, tell me, this is not a joke.
Bees. Bees, okay, bad.
Space.
Where does sugar come from, Travis?
Not space, you know where does sugar come from?
It comes from cane, Justin.
Which is a plant that grows from being ground.
So why is it that if you eat a bunch of that plant,
that's a bad thing you should avoid for diet,
but if you eat one that looks like runts, then it's fine.
Well, runts is a great, you've complicated this
by bringing runts into the equation
because I look at these little guys and I'm like,
is it fruit or no?
Because it sure as hell looks like it.
They should make candy shaped like vegetables.
I have to eat 30 grams of protein
within 30 minutes of waking.
Or you will die.
With beans.
It's like that Jason Statham movie.
Every morning I wake up and eat four scrambled eggs
and a bunch of lentils and black beans
and vegetables sometimes within 30 minutes of waking.
Sydney says, and I quote,
that is not a smell I ever want to wake up to again.
I have no choice, that's why I have to eat it.
And I don't want to be blue here,
so let's be delicate.
But how's your 9 a.m. constitutional?
How's your beamers?
Not applicable.
But anyway, on the seventh day.
You just put the questions down.
There's no, Justin just made the decision of,
well, I'm not going back to this.
No, I'm going back to it.
I just want to say that one of the things
is on the seventh day on Saturday.
Justin rests.
That day is Justin, Justin.
Pretty much, because I have to eat like a garbage person.
What?
No, this is a bad diet.
So that's why I was so excited
and why at six a.m. this morning,
when Griffin woke up and used the bathroom,
I was sitting in my bed with a laptop on my lap
and Griffin said, what are you doing?
I said, I'm looking at donuts.
Because I was planning to eat my donuts
like a garbage person.
This is a, did you consult a physician or a teacher?
Yeah, I got one that I know pretty well.
Okay, all right.
Can we, you want to get back to the question?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so where were we?
Good, you guys are good.
Bus boy to popular chain restaurant.
Bus boy to popular chain restaurant needs my advice.
Work long shifts that begin early in the morning
and late in the afternoon with no break
and I have a tendency to skimp on breakfast.
About a week ago, I was five-ish hours into a shift
after having eaten nothing but banana in the morning
and I was getting to the hunger level
where I started to feel sick.
Seeing no other options,
I took an untouched plate of biscuits back into the kitchen
and had a couple bites.
It took me to join this and quickly went back to work.
When I got home, I recounted the dark deed
I had committed to my friends
and they said, not only is it not gross
to eat a stranger's unwanted food,
but they encouraged me to do it all the time
and with foods that are tastier than the biscuits.
Not applicable, but fine.
I love my friends, but I have seen them eat off the ground
and out of the trash.
So I don't really trust their judgment here.
My friends are raccoons.
How am I for doing what I did?
Should I throw away all caution and dignity in the wind
and eat a Rando's mac and cheese?
That's from Damiao.
The thing is, is this is fine
right up until the point where you are observant.
Yes.
It's like, yeah, okay, you ate a bite off that thing, cool.
Now picture that, but your boss is there?
Or is this fine?
Or I'm so on the side of just eat the fucking food.
Don't throw good food in a garbage can.
That's so wasteful.
We're a huge waste in this country.
But if I go to Bob Evans
and those were my biscuits that I bought and paid for
and then I leave and I'm like, oh, I left my coat.
I gotta go get my coat back.
And I walk back in and I see you eating my fucking biscuits.
I would shout, I would point at you
and I would shout, thief, thief, thief.
Oh, this should be like in ride sharing
where it's like, if you share a lift with someone
you split the cost.
You can have those biscuits,
but half of those biscuits are going on your bill now.
Holy shit, Travis.
Okay.
Biscuit app.
Biscuit, B-S-K-T is the app.
And here's the app.
Biscuit does not have a K in it.
It does now, it's so cool.
We're shortening it to biscuit.
Shortening, shortening it.
There's something there.
There's something there.
There's something there.
We'll get to it.
You push the button on biscuit.
Biscuit.
When you say I have.
It shows you the nearest uneaten biscuit.
No, it's the inverse.
It's both.
There's two sides of it.
So if you have a bunch of unfinished touch food
and it's like, oh God, I feel terrible
about throwing this away.
Press the biscuit.
You load up biscuit and you load it and say,
I got some grub here.
And you put a little flag or something
so they don't get rid of it.
And then if you're hungry
and you don't want to pay for the food,
you press the button.
It's like, where's some food around here?
And it connects.
It's connected.
But then you have to go to the Bob Evans
and be like, sir, table for one?
It's like, no, don't worry about me.
I was led to believe there were some loose
rogue biscuits.
Listen, listen, listen.
I'm operating outside of your traditional restaurant norms.
Don't worry about me.
Don't even think about me.
I don't mind sharing a table.
I've worked a couple of different breakfast restaurants before
and a couple of different iterations.
And I have stolen food before it's made it
to someone's plate.
What?
Like, I worked at a hotel breakfast restaurant place
where they just had like a bunch of like Danishes
and I would just eat them.
Like they were just there.
But this is not made to order.
No, no, no, no.
These are just Danish.
No, but I definitely worked at the Olive Garden
and I definitely a few times was like,
ooh, future mini calamari on this plate.
Don't wanna, and then just snap.
That's called the angel's share.
The angel's share of calamari.
We talk a lot about our former jobs.
And this is a question that maybe a legal law person
could answer for us.
But is it possible to get after fired in some way?
Post-fired, yeah.
Post-fired, because we're sort of braggadocious
about our little Robin Hood-esque acts.
I actually think I'm beyond statute of limitations.
Oh, defo.
Yeah, fine.
When I quit that breakfast restaurant hotel place,
I just took two boxes of frozen Danishes with me.
That was my severance.
That was my breakfast severance.
They, the best thing about working at the Olive Garden
is every few weeks, well, not every few weeks,
cause it wouldn't have had to be every few days.
They serve chicken tenders for kids at the Olive Garden,
but they come frozen, right?
And some of the tenders would break or into smaller pieces.
So after you distributed all the tenders,
you would be left with, at the bottom of the bag,
just some unservable nugs.
Some chicken leave-ins.
Because we didn't have nuggets, we had tenders.
So the best day of all of our lives
is we would just dump all those into the fryer,
and that was like nudge day.
Ah, damn.
At Olive Garden.
And you bring them out and everybody's like,
guys, nudge day, nudge day.
Guys, nudge day, nudge day.
Guys, nudge day, nudge day.
When I worked at the coffee shop that was also a restaurant,
you could have like one meal while you were working.
But the benefit was you made the meal yourself,
so you could just go off menu and be like,
yeah, I had a sandwich stuffed with french fries and stuff.
And you would just put whatever you wanted to into your meal
and you'd just end up with like a plate piled with food
that was free.
There's that nasty air conditioner again.
When I was at Travis, turn the air conditioner off.
Please turn the air, oh, you can't, you're strapped in.
Wait, this is a fun little folk game we've got now.
It's like the Maypole.
Can Travis get to the air conditioner?
I can just unhook the lav.
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
Nope, don't you dare.
Don't you dare unplug from-
I'm gonna pull my Zoom off the thing.
Come on, don't pull it off.
I'm gonna try it.
Do it, Travis.
It's right there.
You're right there.
Yeah, it's right there, just turn the fan off.
God, this is like gravity.
There we go.
I've done it.
When I was at, oh God.
When I was at Target-
They sweep in the hallway?
I was at Target the night before
we went on the JoCo cruise.
And as I'm at Target and I'm taking Charlie up
to get a juice, we don't let her have juice a lot
because it's made of fruit
and we all know how that is for you.
Yeah.
And as I was going up to the juice,
I saw a lady who worked at Target
eating a single hot dog on a plate
because I think that was the Target meal
and she was just flipping through pictures of her baby
while she ate a hot dog.
That's nice.
And I was like, that's nice.
That seems really nice.
And then later she checked me out and I was like,
I didn't want to-
She was like, hey, good looking, what you got cooking?
I didn't want to mention it.
That's gotta be jelly
because jam don't shake like that.
I saw you eating a hot dog and I wanted to say like,
hey, did you like your hot dog?
Was that a good hot dog?
But I feel like there's some-
Wait, you wouldn't say that to any other human being ever.
So why would you do that to the person at Target?
But I knew that she had just enjoyed a hot dog.
Yeah.
What's better, Dustin,
her eating a hot dog and flipping pictures of her baby
or her holding her baby and flipping pictures of hot dogs?
Okay, we've solved this one.
Yeah, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Drew Campbell.
Thank you, Drew.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something's gone wrong, but we'll call him.
Jerm.
Jerm.
I just realized I could stand like Seth Rometelli does.
Oh yeah, you got that Seth Rowe style.
This one was asked by Jerms.
All right, that's over with.
Well, that was fun.
Time to sit back down.
Jerms asks, do you like people generally
or would you rather kick some butt?
It's in the new Predator movie, that's the first scene, one Predator says to another one, hey, do you like people generally or do you want to kick some butt?
I mean, I think this is something that the big beefcake,
the big beefcakes say to each other, like, I just don't like people.
I'd rather kick some butt.
I just don't like people generally.
Generally speaking.
Generally speaking.
Show me 10 people, I will dislike at least six of them.
And the other four, I'll kick their butts.
Or, wait.
Do you like people generally or would you rather kick some butt?
This is a tough one, isn't it?
Cause like, in today, in today, in today, I look around and I'm like, I'm not, I want to stay, I want to stay positive, right?
And like, accept everybody, all walks of life.
But I also see like more and more people that I think like, I don't like you generally,
and I think I'd rather kick your butt, and I don't advocate violence.
I don't think the two are mutually exclusive.
I like people generally, and I would also like to kick some butt.
Justin, I'm sorry.
I wish that were true, but I would like to cite a great media precedent for this.
It's the hit film, Street Fighter.
Yeah.
And when they're making Blanca, if I remember correctly, they make him 51% good,
so he doesn't just go around murdering everyone all the time.
Okay.
So that's the question is, do you like people 51%?
So did you recently watch Street Fighter and just think like, boy, I got to think of a way to reference this in the podcast?
No, Griffin, I haven't seen it since it first aired in theaters.
That moment just always really stuck with me.
There's one really sick line in Street Fighter's movie when Bison is talking to Chun-Li, I think it is,
and he says, the day that M. Bison destroyed your village was the most important day of your life.
To me, it was Tuesday.
It's so rad.
It's like a sick line.
It's a good way to say it.
Did they bring in one, they brought in Shane Black to write, listen, Shane, it's me.
Shane, write this one line.
Write one line about the movie.
I really liked the line where M. Bison's talking to, I think it was Ryu, and he says,
I don't like people generally, I'd rather kick some butt.
Does this mean, does this, okay.
It sounds like Shredder.
It sounds like Master Shredder.
Yeah.
I don't like people.
I don't like turtles generally, I'd rather kick some butt.
I mean, I've met some nice one, definitely, that I have liked, but like on the whole.
Charlie, by the way, this question's from nine years ago.
This was before fucking George W. Bush was president, and people were really,
and he was on his way out, and people were really thinking about kicking some butt.
Charlie says, I like some people, but some people are just a lost cause,
and me thinks that a kick in the butt would not cure them.
Need something much more effective.
Hmm, let me think what we should do.
Charlie.
Kill them, Charlie.
Are you talking about murder, Charlie?
DA Charlie, do you think murder, and also, I think if you ever type the word me thinks,
your computer should explode.
Well, you should have just written me thinks and like Clippy Pops.
I was like, you might be one of the people people dislike generally.
Bye.
We, hi there.
It seems like you're making things worse for everybody.
Do you want to shape up or shape out?
Okay, I have another question here.
No, no, Justin.
Oh, no.
No, it's time.
It's time for our first Max Fun Drive break.
It's our first Max Fun Drive break.
Take a break now.
Pledge gifts this year.
Well, let's talk about the Max Fun Drive.
So we're on this, I'm going to give you the short version.
We're on a network called Maximum Fun.
They make a lot of great podcasts.
Been here for seven years.
Been here for seven years.
That's wild, man.
I can't believe that.
They never get rid of us.
And this is a network funded by you, the listeners.
And that's how we pay the bills around here.
We also do advertisements, which you hear on the show,
but those are, those pale in comparison
to what we get from donations from viewers like you.
This would not run.
And the James L. Knight Foundation.
This would not run on advertising alone.
We need you to support us.
And so at once a year, we come to you and say, hat in hand,
and say, hey, if you like the stuff you're listening to
on the network, please, could you pay a little bit for it?
What does that look like?
Well, we're talking about you pledging a certain amount
that you can afford to pay every month.
If you pledge just $5, you are going
to get exclusive bonus content.
And I'll be honest, at this point,
it is a lot of bonus content.
I mean, it's seven years of my brother, my brother,
and me bonus content.
Three of Adventure Zone.
There's videos.
There's an exclusive clip from our CISO show
that you can't find anywhere else.
There is?
Yeah, I set that up.
It's like an exclusive clip from the CISO show.
It's Chiccarelli before the teens.
Oh, fuck me, that's good stuff.
And you get all that, plus episodes
of all the other shows.
Every show on the network does a bonus episode.
There's tons of great stuff.
Sidney and I, for our show Sawbones this year,
did just an hour about goop.
Just talked about goop for an hour.
The Gwyneth Paltrow thing?
Yes.
Oh, man.
That sounds like a required list.
Well, let's write it down then.
My brother, my brother, and me, we did Your Three Dads,
an episode about us being dad.
OK, no, just full transparency.
Did you see the art that I made for Your Three Dads,
by the way?
No.
It's really very good stuff.
Full transparency, it's the worst of the bonus
content of this year.
Oh, it's so bad.
It was a pit for us to pour sort of our fatherly exhaustion
into just a big cup full of our very tired brew.
A lot of gadgets.
For Rose Buddies, we talked to The Bachelorette Canada.
Jasmine Lorimer did an interview with her about life
after being The Bachelorette.
That was really, really fun.
For Schmanners, we watched and reviewed
series five of Great British Bake Off.
Oh, nice.
Ooh, nice.
Trends like these.
The whole series?
What a bargain.
We talked about the trends from 1900 to 1920.
If times are tight, we fucking totally, totally get it.
And really, we don't.
There are people who are like, I can only do $5 a month.
That's awesome.
Just the fact that you would support us in that way
is incredible.
And we don't care how much you give.
It's just I was a supporter of the network
before we were on the network.
And it was just because I was a big JJ Go fan.
And I just wanted to be a supporter of this thing
that I really liked.
And it felt really good.
And so if you listen to our shows
and you want to feel some ownership
over this really cool thing that we've all made together,
then this is the way to do it.
Just a couple others.
And we'll talk about more later.
But if you can pledge $10, you're
going to get a drive-exclusive enamel pin
designed by Megan Lencott.
If you've ever seen the, I think it was a calendar,
but designs of all the Max Fun Shows as cats.
This is this.
And last year was the bandanas with the individual designs
on them.
Yeah.
This year, we've got cool pins.
For $20.
For Mip and Bam, it's a snake that says Zag on them.
It's really good.
It's fucking sweet.
There's a Keep in Touch kit at $20.
You get the other stuff, plus custom note cards and envelopes
and a four-color rocket pin, a rocket stamp,
a rocket-shaped candle that smells like sharpened pencil,
friendship, and a little bit of wax because it's a candle.
Those are $20.
And if you're already a donor, first off, thank you.
Secondly, you can get these gifts
if you just upgrade to the next level.
So if you're a $5 member right now, upgraded $10,
you're going to get.
And if you become a $20 donor, you
get the gifts at $10 and $5.
And it all stacks up.
But also, our goal for this time, for this go-ground,
is 10,000, which I'd say is.
New donors, not dollars.
Yeah, 10,000 new and upgrading donors.
I shit $10,000.
And it's a pretty ambitious goal,
but we more or less hit it last year.
Last year, we were like 9,800.
Let's do it.
So let's do it.
There's a bunch of new shows on the network,
and I'm optimistic we can get the Rosebuddies.
This is Rosebuddies' first year.
And we do a lot of shows, and we get a lot of people who ask us,
how do you guys do so much stuff?
The answer to that is, we are able to make a career out
of it because of the donations we get from the next one.
Your money also goes straight to the shows
that you listen to.
Yeah, you choose the shows you listen
to, what you want to support.
Right, and a portion goes to MaxFun,
and the rest of it is just split up among those shows.
So you're directly supporting shows
by saying you listen to them.
We'll talk more about this in a bit, but for right now,
go to MaximumFun.org and click Donate.
That's MaximumFun.org.
And click on Donate, choose the membership level
that's right for you, give them your credit card
and other basic information, and just like that,
you'll be a member.
But if you become a new and upgrading donor,
new or upgrading donor, make sure to let us know.
Tweet at us, put it in our Facebook group, something,
so we can say thank you.
And get involved.
There's going to be this.
Jesus, Travis, that sounds like a lot of work.
Travis will certainly say thank you.
Yeah, one of our many underlings will do it.
We'll make our babies do it.
I'm going to have my social media manager.
Also, there's going to be MaxFun Meetup Days,
and special events, and live events.
There's a ton of stuff.
Support stuff you love.
OK, another question here from, well, I'll tell you in a second.
Yeah, we'll get there.
We'll get there.
Don't rush me.
I've never been very social at work
outside my immediate team members.
Today, while walking down the hall,
two guys pointed me out with an audible, hey, it's that guy.
I have never spoken to either of these men
outside a courtesy nod in passing,
and do not even know their names.
How should I take this address?
Oh, man.
What could have labeled me as that guy, and how can I own it?
And that's from that guy in that office.
Something bad.
It's not good, right?
I think we can all agree this is not good.
It's not good.
This is something that would really eat at me.
If I was just walking down the street,
and somebody just randomly went, hey, hey, it's that guy,
and kept going, I'd be like, what do you mean?
What?
What do you mean?
What are you saying?
And I think that would live with me for 20 years.
I got to ask, and this is a tough question,
and you may not be ready to answer right now.
And if you're not, that's fine.
And if the answer is yes, then no judgment.
But are you Numa Numa?
Are you the Numa Numa guy?
Hey, are you the Numa Numa guy?
Is there a way to search for yourself to make sure you're not
a meme?
I'm going to search.
That's the thing, these days, everybody
can be everybody's memes.
I mean, somewhere there's a meme for every human being.
The snake ate its own tail.
Drew Scanlan, a guy I know, a giant bomb.
Oh my god, he's the biggest meme in the universe.
Have you seen the guy blinking?
That's Drew Scanlan.
He works at Giant Bomb.
It's from one of the Giant Bomb videos.
And it was like, oh no, memes are happening to real people
now.
They're not just made up people.
Real people are being memed.
Everybody's being memed all the time.
Be careful.
Maybe you're a meme, and you don't even know it yet.
And the thing is, when you become a meme,
you can't take that back.
You can't un-meme yourself.
Maybe they were just saying it randomly.
You know, like, just being weird.
Sometimes people just do weird stuff.
Yeah.
You know that one scene in Austin Powers?
Uh-huh.
It's early in the movie.
And Austin's like, there you are.
And you can do that better.
There you are.
You can do that way better.
That's what I'm saying.
There you are.
There you are.
Yeah, baby.
You're doing this like.
I mean, it's hard to do, like, three words at the same time.
Hello, there you are.
It sounds a lot like Austin Powers.
It's me, Austin Powers, isn't it?
There you are.
Oh, Jim, and he's, me mojo's gone all wanky.
Let me finish my point.
So Austin's like, there you are.
Like, that's better.
And the woman's like, do I know you?
And he's like, no, but that's where you are.
You're there.
And, um.
Fuck, that's funny.
So the thing I wanted to make, the point I was trying
to make with that is, don't you think
we should make another Austin Powers movie?
OK, listen.
We're finally all in a room together.
We've got some time on our hands.
Yeah, I'm shutting my computer.
We're going to pitch Austin Powers 4 right now.
This is our backdoor pilot for Austin Powers 4.
OK.
We've got to get back to basics.
It's got to be Son of Austin Powers.
It's got to have a son.
Got to have a son.
Got to have a son.
Got to have a son.
Yeah.
Who's the son of Austin Powers?
He's a teen.
Justin Bieber.
Eddie Redmayne.
No.
No.
No.
Ooh.
Yeah, you jumped on my Eddie Redmayne.
Eddie Redmayne is very good.
OK, we've got to do Time Travel, right?
It's Austin Powers' son from the future, he just had a baby.
We're not Time Traveling.
No.
He's got a son.
He's dealing with a son.
Time Traveled in every one of them, Justin.
Not in this one.
I know, but not this one.
This one's called Austin Powers Back Number Two Basics.
I want to keep it real.
It's Mike Myers Day.
He's a 70-year-old man, and he had a son.
And maybe he's a grandpa.
Maybe his son's about to have a son.
Michael Caine is back in it.
Michael Caine's back in it.
Michael Caine's dead as disco.
There's no way in this world Austin Powers.
Wait, hold on.
Don't just spring that on me.
Michael Caine's not actually dead, right?
What Justin is saying is Michael Caine is alive now,
but there's no way he outlives the next Austin Powers.
Austin Powers is 70.
Then we Jedi ghost him in it.
We definitely need a Michael Caine Jedi ghost scene.
Now.
Record it today.
Right now, there's a movie executive at,
who owns these rights?
Paramount.
Paramount.
There's a movie executive at Paramount,
hearing this right now, and saying to himself,
oh, this is going to be great.
What we're going to do?
We're going to CGI Mike Myers to make him play his own son.
No.
No.
No, listen to me.
That's wrong.
Don't chase that.
It's real.
It's Eddie Redmayne.
As his son, and he's at school, or-
Is he training?
Maybe he's training.
Maybe he's a DJ, and he's not in the spy life.
But for some reason-
Oh, fuck.
Oh, Austin Powers has been kidnapped.
Austin Powers has been ki- OK.
Austin Powers.
OK.
Dr. Evil set a trap 30 years ago for Austin Powers,
and it's a trap just for Austin Powers.
And the thing is, they stole Felicity Shagwell,
and locked her in a trap that only Austin can access.
Except, Austin's been captured by another villain that's
competing with Dr. Evil, OK?
Austin Powers Jr. has enough of- they
theorize- the Basel Exposition theorizes
that Austin Powers Jr. will have enough of Austin's DNA,
or genetic material, to break into the facility
that only Austin could access, because it's DNA,
to rescue Felicity Shagwell.
And the two of them will rescue Austin Powers together.
And she's got to like, you know, your dad's not as bad as.
Yeah.
Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Here's what I like about this.
No humor.
No jokes.
No jokes.
No jokes.
This is a very dark, gritty reboot.
The competing-
No, it's not dark and gritty, guys.
I want to get this made.
I'm tired of us pitching a bunch of fart ideas
that don't get made.
And we always get gritty reboots.
Gritty this, gritty this.
I want to make Austin Powers 4.
It's not a gritty reboot.
It's just like a really in-depth, like, deep dive
into, like, family and stuff like that.
And let me take it one step further.
The competing villain, that's Scott Evil.
This Scott Evil is now turning like he's got his whole-
Austin Powers colon generations.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is so good.
Like father, like son.
You'll never guess who helps Felicity and Austin Powers
Jr. rescue Austin from Scott Evil.
You'll never guess who helps.
Is it Dr. Evil?
It's Dr. Evil, Travis.
Dr. Evil.
That's who helps to get back on top.
This is really good.
Austin Powers colon sins of the father.
This is good.
Eddie Raimond is such a fucking good poll for Austin Powers.
I wish it wasn't a British person.
But I think that Eddie's probably-
Well, I mean-
I would also like to find an opportunity.
Ooh, maybe number two's had a son.
And it's number three, number four, number eight.
And just like that, we've lost it.
Played by Shia LaBeouf.
Just like that.
Oh, OK.
We're back.
Yep.
I thought I'd get you in there.
Shia LaBeouf movie son.
I have the perfect person to play Austin.
Now, Eddie Redmayne is not bad.
To play Austin?
I think I have a pretty good idea.
Yeah, I think America knows the favorite person.
You're fairly confident you can get Mike?
Yes.
Yeah, I think so.
You think you can get Mike?
I feel like if you could get Mike, he would have been-
we would have had this film already, right?
Mike Myers has a second cell phone like a drug dealer
because he does not want to be on his real phone making
a call and missed the one from Paramount
asking him to be Mike Myers.
Can I hit you guys with this for Austin Powers Jr.?
Uh-huh.
Adam Devine from Workaholics.
Oh, my god.
OK.
Think about it.
That's really, really, really, really it.
That's it.
That's it.
Perfect.
Justin, let me edit this.
First off, the guy's fucking hysterical.
He makes you laugh all the time.
So we don't need to write jokes in our movie.
You'll just be funny.
Can I throw a little bit of spaghetti at the wall?
A little bit of comedy spaghetti.
You guys tell me what you think.
Yeah.
We do a small crossover scene with the master of disguise
as played by Dana Carp.
OK.
So you're getting a little deep into that.
Because I want, I think if there's a scene,
OK, maybe this is it.
Because I just want a tiny, tiny scene of like Austin
in the prison where he's been captured
and the guy in the cell next to him is Dana Carvey.
But something for the fans.
Something where it's like, oh, they're back together.
We're not worthy.
Yeah, we're not worthy.
I love that.
Oh, and maybe there's a thing where someone says literally,
we're not worthy.
He's a big fan.
Can I suggest one other name for Austin Powers?
What about Kristen Schaal as Austin Powers, Jr.?
Austin is, could go either way as a name.
He had a daughter.
She's not in the life.
But now she is.
Austin Powers, Jr. is Kristen Schaal.
I'm just saying that's another option.
That would be fucking really good, too.
I would also like to have Kate McKinnon in there somewhere,
just because I've been trying to find a project to work with
her on.
Yeah, I'd love to work with her.
You know she's going to be Miss Frizzle in the new.
I do know that.
What?
I do know that.
OK.
Were we recording a podcast?
Yeah, I think that's about enough.
I forgot what we were doing.
So anyway, in closing, give us some money to do this.
I think we were doing a question, weren't we?
Yeah.
How could it be that guy?
No, we got it.
We did it.
OK.
That's how you beat that guy.
You're the guy who got Austin Powers, Jr. made.
Austin Powers, Jr. off the ground.
Why don't you read another one?
OK.
I'm also finally doing Austin Powers,
4 instead of like an HBO series, rather than just doing,
I think there's too much to be told in one movie.
I think we can make it a series.
I'm just saying.
It would be nice if it was a series,
because then otherwise my three-pack Blu-ray collector's
Criterion edition of Austin Powers would,
like it won't feel so shameful if it's a TV series next to that.
If this is a fourth movie, what, am I going to buy a new box?
It just doesn't make sense.
You get duct taped on.
I was doing some chores with my girlfriend at her apartment
the other day and noticed something peculiar.
While she was washing dishes, she
would scrub them with a sponge, shake them off,
and set them out to dry.
Wait, what?
She would scrub them with a sponge.
Yes.
Shake them off.
Yeah.
And then set them out to dry.
She does not rinse her dishes.
I love this woman more than anything,
and I don't know how to lovingly say that she
isn't finishing her dish job.
We plan on moving in together later this year,
and I can't imagine eating off soapy dishes
for the rest of our lives.
Please help.
Well, let me, that's from Sudsy near Seattle.
Let me say this first off.
That's obviously utterly baffling human behavior.
But one thing we should understand going into this
is that, I don't know if this question answer is a man
or a woman or a non-binary person,
it doesn't really matter.
Telling your partner they don't wash the dishes good
is never going to be good optics.
It's just never going to be.
Do you want to wash the dishes by yourself forever?
Because this is a good way.
Oh, shit.
It's a honey pot.
This is a honey pot.
I've been working for the last nine years with my wife
to get her to just not make me fill the dishwasher anymore.
But I'm like, I don't know.
Honey bowls comes with.
I can't even.
She's like, just do it better.
I'm like, damn it.
I'll get you next time.
I'll treat you.
I'll get you next time, Gadget.
My wife still doesn't do it right.
And there's a right way to do it.
Oh, I don't do it right.
Theresa can fit every dish and cup and plate
and everything we own in one load of dishwasher.
And I put four bowls in, and somehow it's overcrowded.
We got this fucking Martha Stewart square dishware.
And it's just like, it's interlocking.
It's like fucking tetrominoes and that shit.
This, she's like actually making it worse in a way.
Because the food particles, the food particulate,
if you will, is still there.
It's still present.
And now there's soap in the mix.
But you guys are missing the worst element of this.
Your nasty ass sponge.
The sponge is fucking gross.
What's wrong with your sponge?
Well, it touches every bit of everything on the plate, right?
And then sits still wet, still with shit in it,
just like out in the open air.
And then you scrub it again, unless every time,
unless you do have a dishwasher,
but you only use it to wash your sponge
between washing dishes.
The nightmare.
You have to buy a new sponge every time.
You need one.
Now, I don't, this is funny that we're talking about this.
Speaking of like different dish procedure,
I tend to hand wash dishes more.
We have a dishwasher.
I tend to hand wash dishes usually
because it's like, now I don't have to worry about it.
I just wash it real quick and then put it up.
But I lay it out and I don't ever dry it.
And I mentioned this to,
I went and got my hair cut by my man, Sonny,
my dude at MasterCuts, who I've discussed before.
And he said, oh, I told him this.
We were discussing dishes for some reason.
I told him this.
He said, oh, buddy, nobody dries their dishes.
It's on TV.
If you're on TV, you dry your dishes.
Nobody dries their dishes, buddy.
Who's got time for that?
I think we all realize that like, the sun dries it
or whatever, if you just like put it somewhere from now.
But when he said that about like,
it's something they do on TV.
Yeah.
I started thinking like, no, wait a minute.
If you watch Dawson's Creek anytime,
or, and sometimes the OC,
but anytime in Dawson's Creek the OC.
Nobody does any chores on the OC ever.
Anytime the mother character on either of the shows
is having a conversation, she is chopping vegetables,
like constantly chopping vegetables.
And maybe drying dishes is like that.
It's like, it's weird to just stand in the kitchen
and have a conversation to like,
we're inventing this idea of drying your dishes.
So like, there's some movement in the blocking,
but it's just a media creation of drying dishes.
Because we all know if we're sitting and looking at each other,
dead in the eye, in the dead of night,
we look at each other, wake up out of dead sleep,
we look at the other person and say,
they dry on their own, don't they?
They do.
Yeah.
They do. It's called evaporation.
Time dries all plates.
As, as-
You guys dry, are you guys drying dishes out there?
No.
The only thing I dry, I do dry one thing.
It's pots and pans.
I'll dry pots because they're metal.
And like, and I've seen like, sheet pans go rusty
from like, a little bit of moisture caught in like,
a fold of something, you know, and like-
See, I got that space age material, dude.
I got that fucking hydrophobic alloy.
So I'm not worried about that.
Also, the problem with pots and pans is they're so big and clunky
that like, it's hard to find a good place to just stack.
Anyways, we're getting off topic here.
How can we help this person?
What should they do? They can't say anything, right?
They just have to rinse?
You gotta rewash at like, at 3 a.m. wake up
and like, do the fucking like, cobbler's elf shit.
You could do a thing.
Okay, you could do this move.
Honey, I just read the darndest thing.
Do you know that there are people that rinse their dishes,
you know, after they scrub them?
I read in Popular Scientific American that-
Wash things that's never happened.
That's just Neil deGrasse Tyson is what you just described.
Rinses.
That rinsing your dishes is actually,
like, I don't like to rinse them either,
but apparently it's actually better.
It makes you smarter like Mozart.
You know Mozart rinses dishes?
You know, yeah.
Pretty weird.
Can I read a Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
Or should we talk more about the Maximum Fun Drive?
No, read another Yahoo.
This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Rose in Game Recognized Game.
Thank you, Rachel.
Yahoo answers user, well, this one's just anonymous,
so I'm gonna call him, Reince, asks,
do celebrities have to go to school?
Do celebrities have to go to school?
Well, no, I know they bring in like the fucking Olsen twins.
They're like, we'll bring school to you,
and they bring in a tutor or whatever.
I have a friend who is in Billboard Dad with the Olsen twins
and said that they had to like share like a tutor for a day,
and it's like, I bet that's not,
okay, I want to be very careful with my language here
because I'm not saying celebrities are dumb
or anything like that.
Obviously, Mayim Bialik is like a super genius,
but I have to think the school they bring to you
on the set of Billboard Dad isn't very good.
Well, here's the thing, Griffin.
Counterpoint, counterpoint, why would it need to be?
What do you go to school for?
What do you go to college for?
To get a job on Billboard Dad.
To get a job, to get a career.
Yeah. Yeah.
Listen, if you've made it to starring in Billboard Dad,
what career are you worried about getting?
If you think about it, a lot of people will say like,
if you're gonna try to be in entertainment,
don't have a plan B because it's so hard
to make it in entertainment that if you have a plan B,
that's what you're gonna fall back on.
So maybe if you're already in Billboard Dad,
like learning how to think is admitting weakness.
If you learn how to think and what like science is
and numbers and stuff, you're saying to yourself,
I might not always be riding this gravy train.
So maybe you shouldn't, maybe it's like,
you're setting yourself up for failure
in the entertainment industry.
And I like that in your world, Justin,
the person who's worried about not always riding
this gravy train is the child actor
and not who's ever in control of stuff.
It's just like, I don't want them to learn about reading.
Like the image I keep coming back to is
you're on the set of Billboard Dad and the tutor comes
and goes to the Olsen twins and says,
what is this shape with the six sides of it?
And Mary Kate says, well, that there is a rhombus.
And the teacher says, no, it's not a rhombus, try again.
And Mary Kate says, I'm Michelle fucking Tanner.
It's a rhombus.
It is a rhombus.
Do you think, okay, look at the basic point though.
Do you think that in the day-to-day life
of the Olsen twins, if one of them misidentified
a basic shape, anybody's gonna fucking correct them?
Yeah. How rude.
No way.
On the set of Home Alone 2,
nobody's gonna go to Macaulay Culkin and be like,
what's 60 times four?
And he's like- It's 240.
Yeah, okay. I know it.
Mr. Math Blaster over there.
But the question is this, like-
I think he asked that and Macaulay Culkin
just throws a wad of $100 bills into his fucking open-
What's 60 times four?
He threw a wad of $100 bills into my mouth.
What the fuck?
Like if you're Elijah Wood, right?
And you're filming North and someone's like,
hey, tell me about this like battle from Civil War.
You're like, no, I'm starring in North.
Bye. Bye, I'm in North.
Bye, Macaulay.
Hey Macaulay, I'd like to,
you did the required reading, right?
You read 1984 and he's just like,
I'm playing Sonic the Hedgehog,
Sonic and Knuckles with Michael Jackson right now.
We're eating Pizza Hut and playing Sonic.
Can you please fucking get out of my hand?
I gotta go dangle Elijah Wood out of a tree house.
That was a documentary, that movie.
You do, like, you could make the argument
that if you are famous,
and that's at last, right?
Like there's so few people for whom
they can consistently keep that up their whole lives, right?
So you can make the argument that if they make you
go to school when you're famous as a child,
you're like missing dope shit
you could be doing everywhere.
You could be like going to parties.
I'm not saying, I don't want to be,
I know celebrity, I know education's important.
I know that these people work hard to teach these kids.
I'm just saying, I don't know how you teach
what is essentially a god.
That's the thing is I'm not saying
all celebrities are dumb.
I'm saying if I were a child celebrity,
you couldn't get me to read.
You could not get me to learn.
I would hire eight people to read scripts to me.
Well, okay, but like normal kids
don't have to learn about like
how to retain as many points as possible
on the back end of the international distribution rights,
which like the old students have to,
it's just a different, it's a different education,
it's a different intelligence.
They're getting the street smarts.
They get, but like if the street is
Hollywood Boulevard smarts.
I bet you Mara Wilson paid a lot of attention
and like really liked learning from her teachers.
Well, Mara Wilson is in fact a genius.
Yeah, I know, I know.
If I was a genius, I could probably be
like a child actor and smart too.
Yeah, I don't want to paint with too broad a brush
is what I'm saying.
But I'm saying back in time, okay,
let's travel back to the 1700s, right?
You were apprenticed to a printmaker.
There weren't people there like, okay,
but also we need you to learn about baking and shit.
That's what I'm saying.
You had the one job and you were happy with it.
If you're a child star, you have apprenticed.
You have your job, your career path is set.
It's like romance education is a modern contrivance.
Like you don't need to know all this stuff.
We're breaking down some shit on this episode.
Why can't we go back to a day where if someone's like,
can you balance your checkbook?
And you're like, no, I was in Star Trek.
Like, yeah, obviously my job is being in Star Trek.
Your job is to balance my checkbook.
Everybody wins.
I'm a job creator.
That's the problem with the economy now.
Too many people getting into other, like I do my own taxes.
No, you shouldn't do your,
you should pay someone else to do your taxes
because that's their job.
They also need money.
Why are you taking money away from people
who know how to do your taxes?
Yeah, learning too much is just hurting the economy.
This is true.
We're saying some stuff.
We're getting there.
We're saying some stuff on this one.
You know another way of getting close to the truth
and that's to donate to the Maximum Fun Drive.
The Maximum Fun Drive is going on right now.
If you go to MaximumFun.org,
click that donate button and just help us out for five,
just five bucks a month.
You're going to get oodles upon oodles of noodles.
You're going to get noodles delivered directly to you.
Still hot.
How do they do it?
At a $10, oh, we didn't touch on this one, 35 bucks.
Yes.
You can spare 35 bucks.
I know that's a chunk of change,
but maybe you can spare.
Maybe you listen to like a lot of shows.
We hear from people a lot where they were listening to two shows
and then within the last year,
they picked up Still Buffering and Rose Buddies and Schmanders
and they think I'm going to listen to a lot more shows.
I should up my donation.
If you can get to 35 bucks a month,
you're going to get the stuff we already talked about,
the bonus content, the enamel pin, the keep in touch kit.
You're also going to need a pair of rocket engraved beer mugs,
which that's going to make your frosty bruise go down real nice.
Yeah.
If you can say-
Time to blast off to adventure in drinking.
You can put anything there.
You don't got to be alcoholic.
You could have a root beer float in those mugs.
Yeah.
Or treat yourself.
This is the way, these drives are the way that like,
like we don't like asking for money,
but we do like the idea.
Well, Travis does.
I do.
I wasn't going to say it, but I love asking for money.
We don't, we don't, broadly speaking, like asking for money,
but we do, the thing that I really like,
the reason I don't feel bad about the Max Fund Drive is that
I really do believe it's worth paying for the stuff that you like.
And we are in the way that media has sort of diversified.
You can find stuff that's much more niche than you used to be able to,
but you have to, you have to be the one to support that stuff
and you have to be the one who says I like this.
I want more of it because there isn't that broad,
you know, media buy, you know,
like Gillette isn't buying a bunch of ads to keep their shows running.
Like we rely on the people who like the stuff to pay for it.
And I, we really do, it really does mean a lot.
When it comes down to it, we don't miss episodes.
Like we work as hard as we can to not miss episodes
because we know that there are people out there supporting us
who, who love the things that we made and look forward to it every week.
And they're supporting us and like, it means a lot to us.
And so like, it's, it's a job for us.
It's also a passion for us.
We work really hard.
Well, I, I think I only really work really hard on Adventure Zone,
but the other ones I do work some on.
Well, we work hard to write the scripts for my brother, my brother and me.
Yeah, sure.
That's hours and hours every day.
And to pay the writers.
Yeah.
And to pay the writers.
To pay for certain ain't cheap.
Yeah.
And so I think what's, I think what's important,
I think what's really, sorry, I'm going to take this one again.
This is like, this is confusing.
Hey, Jerry, what were you thinking with this fucking line, dude?
Like, how am I, like Jerry Seinfeld, like Jerry,
Mr. Jerry Seinfeld, when you wrote this line for our script, like,
what, how did you think I was going to deliver this?
Fucking, just amateur.
You're fired, Jerry.
You're fired, Jerry Seinfeld.
We have more money than you now because of the Maximum Fun family.
We have a, I think part of the reason our show has, has been,
and we as people have been successful is that our listeners know
that we aren't going to speak a bunch of bullshit to them.
That we tell them the truth.
I lied about Jerry Seinfeld.
So here's the truth.
If you listen to our shows and you like it and you don't pay money
and you could pay money, you're stealing it.
And you're a thief and you should go to prison forever.
I don't think that's too much to ask.
I don't think that's too much to ask.
Actually, if you do this and you know you have the money
and you don't give it to us and you could and you want to but don't,
I think just go surrender yourself to a jail right now.
And also listen, we're working on the honor system here,
but it's kind of a reverse honor system where if you have a friend
that you know to donate $5 a month and they listen to our shows
and they don't donate $5, you need to take that friend to jail.
Yeah, you need to send that friend to jail.
If you know in your heart you could ask Ken Jeong to donate $100 a month
to Maximum Fun and you don't do it, you're kind of stealing from us in a way.
Yeah, so both of you should go to, who goes to jail and now?
Both of them go to jail. It's a prisoner's dilemma. Is that it?
That's not how it works at all.
If you don't go to jail, your friend has to go to jail for five years,
but if you both go to jail, it's two and a half years.
Don't actually, don't, hey, everybody, before we get off on a bunch of fun stuff.
Please don't tweet at anybody.
Don't tweet at Ken Jeong.
This is a personal journey between you and your wallet and your jail.
But if you do have a friend who is listening and is stealing it,
you do owe it to rat them out.
Yes.
By which I mean, tell them to donate because we really appreciate you.
Maximumfun.org and then just click donate.
There's a wide range of levels from $5 all the way up to $200.
I don't know what you get at $200.
Oh, you get free registration to Max Fun Con 2018.
So that's like, hey, hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
So that's great.
And for $100, and you also, remember, all of them stack.
So at $200, you get everything before it.
At $100, you're in the Inner Circle Culture Club
where every month you get something sent to you that the hosts
or people that work at Max Fun have chosen for you.
We got called up to do that for February for Rose Buddies.
And we were like, oh, how about this Al Jarreau album
that me and Rachel like?
And then he died like that day.
So I'm just saying we need to be really very careful.
That's great.
Anyway, the Culture Club is really fun, but it's also very cursed.
I actually really like this time of year
because I get to see everybody sort of saying like,
hey, it means a lot to see so many people say, hey, what you do
means something to me.
And I'm going to show it by kicking you a few bucks.
It really means the world.
And even if you can just find it in your heart
to give us $5 a month, it really does help keep the lights on
and supports a whole network of people
that are handling a lot of shit so we don't have to.
And we really appreciate you doing that.
So maximumfun.org, then click the Donate button.
I was getting my Munch Squad on at McDonald's breakfast
after work.
When I sat down for my feast, a guy walked in the door,
looked at me, and said, idiot can't even
make his own pancakes.
How pathetic.
Don't laugh at that.
I mean, it's a power play.
Simpson was eating breakfast at McDonald's.
And then they sat down to eat.
A guy walked in the door, looked at them,
and said, idiot can't make his own pancakes.
How pathetic.
And then walked back out.
What is this?
What?
What is this?
What is this fucking mysterious assassin?
I tried to enjoy my meal.
But all I could taste were dejection and tears.
How could I track this guy down?
Explain how restaurants work.
Project the image of a man who definitely
understands the process of making pancakes
to every stranger I encounter.
And that's from Hobbs.
Here's the thing.
This thing this person did was wrong,
but also, I think, very funny, maybe, also.
Because the alternative is you walk into a pizza
and you're like, all these fucking idiots
don't know how to make their own pizza.
Bye.
Very funny.
I think a nicer, there's a nicer way of doing this.
Here's the nicer, amazing way of doing this.
Walk into McDonald's, see someone
eating a stack of pancakes, hand them
a recipe for pancakes, and then walk out the door.
That's a sweet way of doing it.
You're right, Justin.
This is the na-bim-bam way of doing it.
That's a nice way of doing it.
You walk in and you hand them a recipe for pancakes.
Still hilarious.
And you say, for next time.
For next time, try this.
Go for it.
And it's fun.
Hey, it's fun.
I want to be.
If you do it wrong, they're crepes.
It's fine.
I want to be in the head of the person who's
walking by McDonald's, sees someone
eating a stack of flapjacks, and is like,
I got to go in there and say something.
I got to get them.
Fucking double parts.
Just falls up on the lot of McDonald's,
and rolls out, Victoria, just go around the block.
I'm just going to be a sec.
Oh, but you grabbed me a biscuit.
No, you don't understand.
You don't get it.
You don't get it.
I'm not getting anything in there.
No, I think they went in wanting to buy something,
and then they just had to put this thing up front.
They have pancakes here.
You can do this at home.
OK, but what could?
OK, pancakes, I think, are very easy to make at home.
And I think they probably are.
I've never had restaurant pancakes.
Deceptively difficult, Justin.
Well, it's hitting the right pan temperature.
Come on.
None of the things that McDonald's will worry about,
in any way, shape, or form, when they're perfecting it.
When they're defrosting.
When they're defrosting.
Now, it is undeniable that McDonald's
does have dark, arcane breakfast treats that know.
Like, you tell me how they make that McGriddle.
Tell me how to make a McGriddle right now.
With the biscuit, with the syrup nugs.
They have these magical crystals of syrup that somehow, like.
A wizard gave them, like a syrup wizard.
A Canadian syrup wizard.
A maple witch.
That's why it was such a big deal when they did breakfast
all day, because they're burning through the non-renewable
resource of syrup crystals so fast.
You've run out of syrup crystals.
We're running low on syrup crystals.
We're running low.
Call the maple witch.
Listen, I know we try to keep it nice on this show.
We try to be mean.
This is maybe the funniest thing I've ever read.
I'm really trying so hard not to get entertained.
It's not funny that you got bullied.
And it's not funny that this person's an ass.
What's funny is the idea of walking into a restaurant just
all pre-angry that people here are eating things that they
could just as easily make at home.
It's just so good.
It's so good, though.
Oh, man.
Do they walk into auto body shops?
And they're like, change your own oil, idiots.
Idiot doesn't even know how to change it.
Idiot doesn't even know how to do a triple bypass.
Dumb.
Wow, it's just very mean, but very funny.
And I don't think it's even that mean.
It's real life trolling.
It's exactly what it is.
Yeah.
Well, then I'm not.
Now you've ruined it.
Now I'm not for it anymore.
I don't know.
It's just, it's just.
If this happened to me, it would make my fucking week.
Oh, really?
It would ruin my life.
I would be really bummed out.
If someone did this to you?
If I went to McDonald's and somebody
put me on blast for eating pancakes at McDonald's,
I think I'd feel probably pretty bad.
Well, let's start with the big problems.
One, you're eating in the McDonald's.
Which we've talked about.
We've talked about, like, yeah, there's
some problems about eating inside the fast food establishment.
There's probably.
Fast food restaurants are, by definition,
a gun that shoots burgers at you.
So for you to go inside the gun to retrieve the burgers
from the dragon's hoard is.
Would this affect you less if you were, like,
at an IHOP, Griffin?
Or, like, some place, like a fancy, IHOP's not fancy.
I'm trying to think.
I can't think if there's not, like, if you went to, like.
If a stranger yelled at me about the food I was eating,
I don't give a fuck.
I don't care if I'm at the Jiro dreams of sushi restaurant.
Somebody kicks in the door and is, like,
can't make your own sushi.
I'm, like, oh, my dinner's ruined.
Wait, hold on.
If you were at the fanciest sushi place.
Jiro dreams of sushi.
And somebody just walked in and was, like, idiot.
Can't make his own sushi.
Your first reaction would be, like, he's right.
No, my first reaction would be, oh, no.
A stranger yelled at me.
How are you not getting that?
I don't want a stranger to yell at me for any situation
in any circumstance whatsoever.
I would like to read the question before.
It's just a perfect.
I think that this question asks that this probably really
happened in their real life.
But it's a great TV show episode.
OK.
A little while ago, I was messaged
by someone on a gaming website that they
lived in the same area as me and were interested in getting
together to play a local game of Rock Band
to try and beat the four hour long endless set
list of all songs in the game.
I agreed.
And after we settled on a time to meet up and do this,
I drove to the address he gave me.
After sending my location in case
this was an attempt to lure me into a saw like trap,
I rang the doorbell only to discover that it was even worse.
And the guy who invited me was a high school sophomore
less than half my age.
To make things more awkward, his mom
was also there doing weekend cleaning and vacuuming
the house.
I stayed and played the entire four hour session.
Well, yeah.
But nobody who was there in that house
acknowledged how awkward and weird this was.
And when it ended, I quickly gathered my things
and got away as quickly as I could.
Could I have done anything to make
this situation less awkward?
As a man in his 30s, am I just too old
to be meeting up to play video games with strangers
from the internet?
And that's from Rock Band Regrets in the Pacific
Northwest.
Rush more.
Rush more.
It's a rush more.
We got a real life rush more.
It's a real life rush more.
You got the opportunity to mold young minds.
And it's just like, you're just like paradiddle, paradiddle,
like hitting those drums and playing along
to the Killers or whatever the fuck's in Rock Band.
And then you just look at them, you're like, boom, da, da, da.
So you dating?
Do, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
You know what the best character in this story is?
It's the mom.
Yeah.
The mom who's just cleaning and is like, what's going on?
What's going on?
OK.
Well, have fun.
Does the goosh, does the goosh, does the goosh.
Have you ever wanted to be a ward?
If you ever wanted to be somebody's ward,
you could be my ward.
Does the goosh, does the goosh.
Honey, are you going to be that man's ward?
OK.
That's fine.
Just have fun.
Oh, you're playing Rush?
That seems fun.
OK, bye.
A worse thing has happened to me than this.
Oops.
I used to work at a newspaper called The Iron Twin Tribune.
And we had this feature called The Dart.
And the way The Dart worked is you
would throw a dart at Lawrence County, where we covered.
And you would throw a dart at Lawrence.
And he would try to get out of the way of it.
Hey, stop it.
Stop it.
Oh, my face.
Throw a dart at a map of Lawrence County.
And you would go to where The Dart landed and find news there.
Lawrence County does not have the density
to support this concept.
But we did The Dart every week.
And I went to this location.
It was the job everybody hated.
And we would all fight each other to not have to do it.
And I went to The Dart.
And I walked around this block for about a half hour
before I finally found two teens sitting on their stoop.
And they're the only humans I'd encountered.
So I said, like, well, you guys obviously
you guys got any news?
What are you guys doing?
What's the scoop?
They were like, well, no, we're not doing anything.
I was like, um.
Could you do something?
What are you about to do?
And they're like, well, we're going to play DDR.
And I was like, OK, can I come with you?
Justin.
Justin.
Justin Tyler.
No, I want you to know the feeling
that I'm feeling right now is pride.
It's surprise.
It's pride.
I'm feeling pride that Justin approached human beings
and then invited himself along with them.
It's part of being a reporter.
It's why I quit, because I was so bad at it.
And I was like, are your parents here?
And they're like, yeah, no problem.
And I went to their dad, I think.
I was like, I gave him the whole spiel.
I was like, I'm just going to watch them play DDR
and take a couple of pictures and then write about it.
And he's like, OK.
Did you pitch a headline?
Did you have a headline to this frickin' news?
Two boys step right.
Local teens play DDR as obese man watches
from fucking Star Wars sheets.
So I went up and sat on their bunk bed
and took pictures of these teens playing DDR.
And like, no one knew when it had been enough.
Like, I did.
I kept waiting for the story.
We got it.
Right, I kept waiting for something like.
I would have known.
Had you invited me along as a sort of assistant,
I would have been able to tell you this is enough.
I kept waiting for something newsworthy to happen.
Oh, I did play DDR and it made North Korea change their ways.
I did one on a corner where there
was a sign answer for Pizza Hut and a sign
answer for Domino's on opposite corners.
See, that's an American This American Life episode.
Yeah, that was amazing.
Called the Pizza Wars.
I got an Ohio Associated Press Award for that one.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Yeah, man.
I was a prize-winning business reporter back in the day.
One last time, thank you so much for listening.
Thank you for all the years of listening.
Thank you to people who have donated in the past.
And please, if you're not donating now
or you could donate a little bit more,
we ask you to just go to MaximumFun.org
and click that Donate button and let's just get it rolling.
And then from now on, when you listen to Max Fun shows,
you could say, hey, I helped make that.
I was part of that and I helped make that.
And it would really mean a lot to us.
So if you could take the time to do that, $5, $10, $20 a month.
Yeah, even if you can get in at $5, $5 gets you
all the bonus content.
And it means that you are a member
and you support what we do here.
And we appreciate it so much because of you.
We are able to grow and do more stuff
and take time off from our jobs to go make dumb TV shows
or to fly to Portland and go do live shows there.
Or donate it to Fushigi Patronage.
One of those two.
One of those two things.
One of those two equally responsible.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for using this theme song into Departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
Good dude, good band, good tunes, man.
Good times.
Good brews.
Good brews, good tunes.
Good waves.
Good dude.
And yeah, thanks to Maximum Fun for having us.
Go check out all the other shows this week.
That's a fun thing to do.
If you haven't listened to any other Max Fun shows,
go try one out this week during Max Fun Drive
because everybody's doing their best stuff,
putting their best foot forward.
Yeah, and be sure to check out the Still Buffering bonus
episode.
They did My Sister, My Sister, and Me.
So for their bonus episode, they're
taking advice and doing the bim bam thing.
So that's really fun.
If you're not listening to that show, you should.
Yeah, it's awesome.
You want that final?
Yeah.
I also just want to say, thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
Max Fun Drive is my favorite time of the year
because it really, not only is it fun and exciting
and we do a lot of bonus stuff and there's
a lot of events and everything, but it also
is a two-week period where I get to remember,
like be reminded that we wouldn't be where we are.
We wouldn't have a TV show if it wasn't for support.
We wouldn't have the opportunities that we've had
and have come down to being on Max Fun, listeners like you,
and support.
And it just means the world to me.
And it shows me up every time.
Every Max Fun Drive, I just feel so lucky
to be part of this network.
So thank you.
Here comes that final.
And it was sent in by Amelia Berger.
Thank you, Amelia.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Help Me Find My Son, who asks,
is watching Air Bud on a portable DVD player in my car
too intimate for a first date?
My name is Joseph McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And my brother, my brother and me kiss your dad square
on the lips.
Hey, girls, do you want to say, hey, I want to?
