The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy, and it got me good this year.
Griffin, were you shot? Are you okay? You got hit by a dart?
The tip of that just got me, Odell. The tip of that just got me.
They got me good. The tax man got me so bad.
Oh, they cometh and they just nipped me right in the duff with these taxes this time.
I tell you, the bad experience I had is the tax man cameth, and I said,
hey, I never thought to ask. I was just writing him a check, and I was like,
I never thought to ask, who gets this? And he was like, the president?
And I was like, wait a minute. I don't even like that fella.
I don't even want to do this anymore. I don't want to do this.
Here's what I did.
Wait, how'd that play out?
He was like, well, what do you want to do with it?
I was like, could he build a dam?
Because I feel like, I know the wall is so hot right now, and everybody's wild for it,
but what about a dam instead? A real powerful dam like America used to build.
In my grandpa's days, a powerful dam.
A powerful grandpa dam. I did a thing this year for taxes.
This is a little life hack that they don't tell you at accounting school,
but rather than give my money, just every time I made a purchase,
I chopped off like a quarter of it and just sent that to the government.
So they got like a quarter of my Capri Sun, and like a quarter of a new pair of tennis shoes,
and that way they're still getting a quarter of everything I own.
Okay.
So in the fiction of your little confection,
in the fiction of your confection, the IRS opens a super sloppy envelope,
and it's got a quarter of a big back on it, and a picture of your face smiling,
and I would presume your social security number?
Yeah, or they wouldn't know what to bucket to put it in.
And then there's a post-it note that says four podcasts on it,
so they know what the income source was.
And then they're like, four podcasts, we wish.
I'll tell you about the life hack I've got.
Little money hack, and this one's good for your wallet,
is you know how I bought that cigarette boat back in 2017,
and then they got me with that cigarette boat tax in 2018.
Ah. In 2018, I bought a second cigarette boat,
and the tax, it didn't double.
It's like a, now it's like a fraction of the first.
So if I just keep buying cigarette boats,
eventually- You'll have a carton of boats.
It'll be a profit generator.
My dad's gonna make me smoke all my boats.
It's gonna be a revenue stream,
because the taxes are gonna be nothing on these puppies.
And then you can open up like a water taxi business, or like-
Yeah. You know,
one of those things where it's like,
hey, do you wanna go out and look at the water
that's farther out away from the land?
Because that's different water.
Yeah. You can do that.
I've seen people do that at beaches and stuff,
where it's like, I could stand on the dirt and see the water,
or I could go out like 100 yards onto the water
and see better water.
And I could stage cigarette boat fights
in the, you know, in Lake Travis or whatever,
and get people all around for that.
There's a lake named after me?
Yeah, sell tickets to the cigarette boat fight?
This is money, money, money, money.
But then they get, and then they freaking get it
to build another dam next year.
Dammit! There's no winning.
Griffin, you could sell those boats.
Oh, don't even sell the boats.
Quote unquote, loan them to a stunt spectacular.
And then when they explode, insurance money.
Not taxed.
I lost my boat.
You guys, I was about to talk about how cigarette boat
is a pretty bad name for that,
because it sounds like something wild.
Like, that sounds like a wild thing.
That replaces the term rum runner,
is the former slang term for these,
because smugglers used to love them.
But get this.
The real name of this, according to Wikipedia,
Jeff Bezos' Wikipedia, according to Wikipedia,
it's called a go fast boat.
No.
Yeah, okay.
It's called a go fast boat.
Yeah, sure.
Go hyphen fast boat.
Okay.
Well, let me check the,
oh my God, the go fast boat tax rate is so much lower.
I've been getting really boinked on this one.
I really got to talk to my people.
Can I tell you, this is true.
When I was a kid and I first heard the term cigarette boat,
that was during a time where, if I'm not mistaken,
I think there were like camel bucks or something
that you got like little coupons and stuff.
I thought that a cigarette boat
was a boat that you earned from smoking a lot of cigarettes.
I once redeemed points from a similar system
to buy a Mountain Dew branded pager.
Hell yes.
This man's a dealer of some sort.
Yes, that's right.
What does he deal?
Extreme excellence in sports?
I don't know.
He's always ready for a LAN party, I think.
I think that's it.
Hey, let's do some questions.
He's an eSports agent.
He's gotta be on call.
A question is what Griffin requested
and I live to serve my brother here.
We're recording this on sibling day,
so I have to do as Griffin bids.
Every day for me is sibling day.
You guys are my world.
Did you just sigh, did you just sigh at what I said?
It was a contented sigh.
It was like, oh, how sweet.
I work at a contemporary art museum
and people keep asking me, what kind of art do you have?
What does that mean?
What should I respond with besides paintings and sculptures?
What kind of art are there?
Is this art from in Austin, Texas?
Oh boy, I mean, you've come to the right place.
Yes, obviously.
Art critics.
I like to think of myself as something
of a amateur volunteer docent.
You haven't gone pro yet?
Well, I'm sort of a docent to the world.
Yeah.
Not working at any, not sort of tied to any one
establishment, just sort of wondering the streets
and telling people about good art that I saw once.
When they ask what kind of art do you have,
they're talking about one of the main buckets of art
and that's shapes paintings is one,
folks paintings, which is ones of folks,
statues and hanging statues, those are so fun.
You get one of those hanging statues
with all the shapes and dongle bits on it.
That's really cool.
Especially the hanging statues with the light.
And it's like, well, that's a dirty word
when you look at it that way.
Oh, but it's like, oh dear, when you look at it this way,
I love those.
And then there's just, there's a bucket called stuff.
And this is one where that's like,
if it's an old vase that somebody painted,
usually a horse on or a beheading,
then that's just kind of, that's just stuff.
That's just the flotsam and jetsam of the thing.
Can I tell you my least favorite bucket of art
is the bucket of might be a chair,
but isn't don't sit on it.
Oh gosh.
Those get me every time.
That might be what they're calling when they're like,
what kind of art do you have?
Just say like, none of it looks like chairs.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
One thing that is an easy out for you
is because you work at a contemporary art museum
and people kind of ask what kind of art you have,
you can just look at it and be like, the new shit.
We got the new releases.
The new hot shit.
Yeah.
None of that old garbage.
Just the hottest new sound.
We used to have a water lilies from Monet,
but we threw that in the fucking garbage can.
And here's one I made with puke.
This is Trent's puke shirt.
He made it two weeks ago.
It's the new shit.
It'll be out of here in nine days.
So enjoy it while it lasts.
I'm gonna throw it right on top of Claude Monet's busted old ass.
Here's a dream catcher we made
from the shredded up water lilies.
It's hot shit.
And the poor thing is, it's new.
Oh, boy.
That's all the things we know to say about art,
ladies and gentlemen.
I was trying to think who was the nasty mess one.
The one who made the-
Jackson Pollock made the nasty messes.
Yes.
Kevin Pollock.
Now we're fully exhausted.
And all of the things we know to say about art.
A similar thing used to happen to me
when I worked at Best Buy,
and people would call and say,
what kind of TVs do you have?
Like, tell me about your TVs.
And I don't know if y'all know this.
It's a lot of TVs.
It's like you're being pranked.
And I think, here's all you have to say.
If someone says, what kind of art do you have?
Say, art I think you'll like.
And then say, wink.
Because they're calling and they won't see it.
This is such a wild, unanswerable question
that I think you have to judo it back onto them.
And say, what kind of art are you looking for?
Because the answer is that-
What would I have to do
to get you into some of this art today?
I go to art museums.
I visit Houston and they have so many art museums.
Every time we go, we'll hit up a couple art museums.
They're wonderful.
If you were to ask me three feet from the front fucking door,
hey, Griffin, what are you excited to see in there?
I'd be like,
and I would run away
because I'd feel challenged in that moment.
Because I don't know what kind of art I want.
I just want to see it.
And then sometimes you'll see a painting
that you saw on a TV show once and that's cool.
Yeah, that's pretty great.
I think no matter what you tell these people,
they're not fucking coming.
If they're asking this question,
no one gets to the door of an art museum,
peeks in and is like, what the fuck is all this?
What is going on in here?
No one drives there to look in the door
to see what kind of good art you have.
I mean, just regular art.
It doesn't do anything.
I like art that does something.
You know how-
Like Cosi.
You know the fuck, yes.
A big pendulum that knocks shit over
and I just learned about rotation of the earth.
I love it.
You know that everlasting gobsopper machine.
It burps and farts with all kinds of beautiful colors all over
and at the end you got yourself a sweet treat.
There's a whole fucking room in there
where you can lick the art and it tastes like shit.
No one has ever let me lick art.
I went to this art museum once
where they let you put on these futuristic looking vests
and they gave you a little fake gun
and you could run around and shoot each other's vests
and you would get points if you did a good enough job
and then afterward you could go out to the concession stand
and you could have a pizza.
That's the best museum I've ever been to in my life.
Billy Bob's Wonderland.
It was a Q-Zar, I think.
It was a Q-Zar Museum of Art.
Yes, the Q-Zar modern museum of moving laser tag.
Designed by Guggenheim or whatever.
It's the Guggenheim Q-Zar Museum.
I only like poetry that has clues to a treasure.
That's art.
I only like paintings painted on top of another painting
that you can only see with an x-ray
and it leads you to something.
Songs that are meant to put a dragon to sleep.
That is a song.
It does something.
I want to call a museum now and be like,
hey, I'm really excited to come to a museum.
Very stoked.
I hear you got a Matisse, I think is one of them.
Anyway, do you have any of those paintings
where the eyes follow you no matter where you are?
Because fuck that.
I'm very scared of whoever's in there.
Do you have any paintings that I might be afraid
to be trapped in by a witch that I've crossed?
Because if so, no, thank you.
Do you have any paintings
where you have to kind of cross your eyes
to see them in their 3D?
Because I love, I'm wild for that shit
and no one's got it.
My ma used to have them at a concession stand.
That was all these goddamn fidget spinners.
Here's a Yahoo sent in by Michelle Smith.
Thank you.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user name.
Oh my God.
I would usually look around the page for inspiration
for what to call these anonymous users.
And right now I'm looking at a Yahoo Finance
just like video that's in the sidebar.
And here's the headline.
I want a Munch, Munch Squad Junior.
Running on Dunkin?
Coffee Giant debuts signature sneaker.
So these are shoes that say Dunkin Donuts on them.
This is very strange.
This would be like if you were reading a Munch Squad
and there was just a Yahoo embedded in the middle of it.
I'm freaking out.
Okay, anyway, this anonymous user
who doesn't deserve a name asks,
all I want in life is to be able to cruise
on my motorcycle with my dog.
How can I do that?
I know sidecars are an option, but besides that,
my dog is 80 pounds of Doberman slash Pitbull.
Update, demo.
Can you link me some carriers that would be good for that?
And I guess there's a, well, wait, there is no demo.
I'm looking at all three answers.
And one's from Marion, one's from Bill,
and one's from babyboomer1001,
which is a very sort of redundant name to have on Yahoo.
Of course you are.
I love the, you sometimes drop these Yahoo's, Griffin,
where it's like, here is my question,
and I know what the answer is, but I don't want that answer.
It sounds to me like the question asker
would like the dog to be driving the motorcycle
with this asker riding in the back of it.
See, even then, I still would prefer
if my dog was, if my 80 pound of Doberman slash Pitbull
was gonna be up there driving,
I would wanna be in the sidecar.
It's not an option, Travis.
We got a very narrow tunnel that we're planning on going to.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right.
So that's just out of the question.
I need to get my dog on this bike.
He is-
See, then it seems more about the grips.
You would have special,
something they could slip their paws into.
Yeah, that's a big old dog, 80 pounds, it feels like.
So a baby Bjorn, a traditional baby Bjorn,
is not gonna go ahead and get you there.
Now, let me tell you about,
I want a baby Bjorn I could put Travis in.
Yes, please, I was thinking about this the other day.
My daughter's about 30 pounds and about three feet tall,
and I'm six feet tall, and about 200 pounds will round up.
So I did the math, and I think that means
that I need a 12 foot tall, 1600 pound person
to carry me around.
I think if I'm doing that math correctly,
I just want a giant to carry me around.
Oh, it feels so good, but that's not the question.
Oh, it feels so nice.
What if, I'll just keep putting these heaters up.
Yeah, please.
What if the bike is the dog?
Okay, elaborate.
You ever heard of this hybrid technology
that's going on these days?
Now, Griffin, do you mean the hybrid cars
that run on both gasoline and electric?
No, man, no, man.
I'm talking about bio cyber melting.
You know about this shit?
Do you know about this shit?
Justin, you heard about this shit?
Go on, Griffin, tell me about it.
Are you talking about like a robot dog bike?
Yeah, and I think they're real good,
and everybody has robot dog bikes.
Oh no, oh no, one's crushing my front door.
It's running over me over and over.
I died, but I got killed by the thing
I liked about the future.
So that's my new black mirror.
I found the thing I really liked about the future,
but they ended up driving over me and biting me.
It's like, oh, it's running over me
and biting me every time it goes.
But those are the two worst parts
of both a motorcycle and a dog.
I should explain, if you haven't seen the series,
Black Mirror, every episode ends with someone
getting run over by a cyborg dog bike.
So that is kind of the gag of that bit.
Sometimes it's more, kind of, it makes more sense than others.
Yeah, sometimes it's a metaphorical cyborg dog bike,
like a particularly weighty insult hurled at that person.
And then they say, oh, that was my dog bike,
and then they die.
Yeah, the one where the two women forged
a powerful relationship in the cyber environment,
I thought was amazing and so touching and heartwarming
until they got their own two big dog bikes.
And that was a weird, I was feeling uplifted,
and then that's how Black Mirror gets you,
because the future, it's deeks.
But it's always the twist.
Yeah, so, all right.
What about a big shirt?
Big shirt doesn't have big dogs.
No, like you wear a shirt,
but also the dog fits in a shirt.
Maybe big pants too that the dog also fits in.
A training shirt, he won't need that all the time.
This is what big dog shirts are made for.
This is what big dogs is.
Yeah, shirts you can wear with your dog.
That's what big dog shirts is for this entire time.
Then what are big Johnson shirts?
That's when you can stuff your hog up in.
No problem.
No fear is the one where you hide your fear in the shirt.
Fear, shh, stay quiet in there.
Can't let anyone know.
I'll take the fear.
I'm your shirt, I'll take the fear.
It's made of this fear sponge material.
It's so soft, it wicks the fear away.
It wicks it right away.
Jerome, let me wick your fear.
Jerome, I'll wick your fear.
I'm getting wet as fuck in this shirt,
but I am not afraid, thank you.
You wanna read a question?
I recently decided to patronize...
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
You fucking nerd.
I recently decided to patronize my local concert hall on a whim,
arriving only a few months before the concert started.
No.
Minutes, what is wrong with you?
What'd I say?
Months.
Hey, you guys throw a concert here in June?
Yeah, but it's only a few months.
Better hurry.
Who's playing?
Well, two months from now, we got a simple plan.
Ah, fuck.
Okay, I guess I'll stay for that.
I decided to patronize my local concert hall on a whim,
arriving only a few minutes before the concert started.
As I was approaching the box office to purchase a ticket,
a woman intercepted me and all but insisted
I use the spare ticket she had as one of her family members
when I was not able to make it.
Before I could consider the consequences of doing so,
I graciously accepted,
and she sat me among her family members
in the second row of the stage for very intimate to our concert.
Because of the proximity of the stage,
I'm worried these were rather expensive tickets.
Should I try to compensate her somehow?
She also invited me to her church.
Do I have to start going there?
Do I need to buy her a ticket to something now?
That's from a ticket tag along in Texas.
I don't even think,
how could you not tell us what the concert was?
I thought that was gonna be the whole thing.
I'm so disappointed.
Yeah.
James Taylor.
The church thing, probably not.
I think you're okay, I think you're okay.
That's a big decision for a person to make,
and I do not think you can be bought into it
by second row tickets for a James Taylor concert.
After all that James Taylor concert,
you got plenty of church in you
just from that right there, I promise.
Do you need to buy tickets?
Do you need to buy her a ticket?
Here's the thing.
At the moment that ticket entered your possession,
one second before that exchange happened,
that ticket's value was zero
because it was not going to be used, right?
Like if I have a gumball
and I was gonna throw it on the ground
as hard as I possibly can as a joke,
and then I saw Travis and I was like,
you want this gumball?
It's no longer the 25 cents I spent for the gumball.
It's valueless because I decided it had no value
because I was gonna throw it on the ground.
Does that make sense?
Yes, but I also think, Griffin,
this person welcomed you into their family,
probably shared some James Taylor branded popcorn with you,
fire and rain and butter and salt, and that was-
That's probably, we could probably do better.
I know, but there's no time.
And so they shared that experience with you,
and now even I think what you're feeling,
question asker, is a bond,
and you want to break that with money,
and I get that.
You feel like you owe them something.
Maybe just hand her a 20 and walk away.
I feel like you went to a concert,
going to a concert without knowing
what concert you're going to see
is the single wildest act I have ever heard
of any human doing.
That would be akin to mailing $100 to Amazon
and saying, eh, whatever, surprise me,
and make me, I'll video myself opening it,
and you can watch my reaction.
It's insane.
You deserve the worst that life has to offer you, but-
It's like going to a museum
without knowing if they have laser tag.
Like, come on.
Exactly.
I will say this.
You went there to open yourself up
to the adventure of life,
one of the many wonderful adventures
this world has in store for us,
and it seems like the door has been open
to a story where maybe you find a family
that has always wanted a child like yourself,
and you find renewal in the blood of Jesus Christ
or something, and it's like your story
that you started with this random thing,
and now you're just gonna close the door on it.
I think you need to repay these people
by becoming a part of their family,
like a surrogate member of their family.
Be there at Thanksgiving, at Easter, whatever.
Whatever they like it or not.
Yeah, you're gonna repay them somehow
until one of them, you know,
they'll become a moment when they need
a ticket for something,
and then you can get the hell out of Dodge.
Yeah, and then you're free.
Ah, shoot.
I really would love to go see Kings of Leon.
Oh, cool.
I got you a ticket for that.
Bye, fuckos!
Dude, we spent three Christmases together.
Are you sure?
Yes!
Genie, I'm free!
Whoosh!
Hey, Brittany!
We all hate Dylan!
What's up?
Bye!
I'm out!
We hated him the whole time!
Hey, Kevin, your haircut sucks!
I didn't like that sweater you knitted me for Christmas.
Y'all want a quick Yahoo?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so, Griff.
Okay.
I think so.
Here's one from Drew Davenport, level 9000.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew, Drew.
It's from Yajuransersuser.
They're anonymous too.
I'm gonna call them.
Bartholomew asks, did cavemen go to school?
Did cavemen go to school?
Not in the traditional sense, I think.
Probably not in the school school as we know school.
I think school probably didn't get invented until more recently, I'm thinking.
But did cavemen have a school-like system where they could share?
Like a cave school?
I think they-
Where they sat at like rock desks?
You would assume some sort of hunting apprenticeship, right?
But that would be, I feel like cumbersome,
because you have one dude who's like great at hunting,
and all the kids would want to train with him.
Yeah.
So he would need to maybe educate them en masse,
which I feel like is all we're talking about, right?
Like here's how you beat a velociraptor.
Yeah, and they use pens made out of dinosaur bones.
Yeah, they would use pens out of dinosaur bones with dinosaur blood ink.
Maybe like books that are just big leaves all stuck together.
Yeah, their books would be big leaves, and they wouldn't have iPads.
They would have rocks.
Rocks.
That can be funny.
Big, flat rocks.
They'd be like, oh, this is my tablet, but it's just like a stone tablet.
I'm writing this down for the cavemen, the Geico Cavemen comic series.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, keep that in mind.
Oh, wait, stop, stop, shut up.
School clubs.
Okay.
Okay, I'm fine.
Because they're cavemen.
Yeah, I don't think I deserve that.
They can be a drama club, but it's an actual club.
Okay.
And it says drama on it.
Okay.
Glee club, but it's a club that says glee on it.
All right, I don't know why you said shut up, though.
Yeah, I had this perfect joke, Griffin, and I was afraid it wouldn't.
It says swim team, but they do it in a tar pit.
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, and at lunch, they just get a big side of brontosaurus ribs.
Okay, so, okay, listen.
It tips their car over.
When the cavemen invented the wheel, did everyone else just immediately agree like,
yeah, that's better?
Or did they have to take some time and be like, is this better?
Is it good?
Fire.
I mean, it's warm, it's bright.
There is just nothing funny about cavemen.
And it makes me wonder why they decided to do a whole situation comedy about it.
You heard me say drama club, but it's a club, right?
That was more amusing.
That was more Reader's Digest, like a real toilet thinker.
It wasn't a real gut buster that I expect from a mad magazine.
So, yeah, I'm sorry for this one, guys.
I would like to take a moment.
I've been led onto the internet, and I know that we need to do the Money Zone and everything,
but I'd like to take a moment to talk about the TV series, Cavemen,
and the things that I've learned about it on the Wikipedia page.
And I know what you're thinking.
A sitcom that is about the Geico Cavemen that briefly aired in 2007.
It doesn't seem all that funny, but listen to this description from the synopsis.
Cavemen have prominent brow ridges and more body hair than homo sapiens,
but beyond superficial differences in appearance,
they actually are not that much different from modern humans
in terms of behavior or physical abilities.
Male cavemen are very hairy, have thick long beards, and wear their hair shoulder length.
A cavewoman that appeared on the show also had a prominent brow ridge
and comparatively more body hair than a modern human female.
Some cavemen attempted to pass as homo sapiens.
This is for about the series.
Some cavemen attempted to pass as homo sapiens by shaving their body hair.
Other cavemen called them shavers.
The central humor of the show is that cavemen characters are not brutish primates,
but fully integrated into white collar jobs.
The central cavemen characters are modern city dwellers.
They must endure racial epithets such as mager, a pun based on Cro-Magnon.
Oh my God.
Fuck this is funny.
Damn, I'm laughing already.
And that's before I get to the last line of the synopsis.
According to producer Joe Lawson, the show was originally going to be set in Newport News
due to its proximity to the water.
Then the setting changed to Atlanta, Georgia, and finally San Diego, California.
The 13 episodes of this series were made.
The final six did not air on traditional television.
And if you can do a little math, that means that cavemen got seven episodes,
which is again, one more episode, one more episode than our TV show.
But good news is all the episodes aired in Australia.
I always said they should have done a show about the talking stack of dollar bills.
Cause that's fun.
Cause that one's funny.
And they could have called it the money zone.
Yeah, the gecko's pretty good too.
Oh, that was a transition.
Fuck, sorry.
Transition, fuck.
Well, I'm going to talk about Squarespace now.
You've got a great idea somewhere inside you.
I believe that all people are formed by their life experience to put something,
anything into the world that only they can create.
Are you talking about me?
Right now, right now.
Yes, Travis, even you right now, that flame lies buried within you
and there is a way to unlock it.
Friends, I am Justin McElroy and I'm ready to unlock the power within you
by harnessing the creative energy of Squarespace.
Are you still talking about me?
Still about you, Travis.
This is direct conduit from your heart and your mind into the computer.
It will turn your dreams and your imaginations into emotions
that can be seen on any computer screen, but not just phones.
What?
Like in Lawn Mower Man?
Just like in Lawn Mower Man.
And these aren't just on screens, phones too.
They're designed for mobile from the ground up.
They're going to help you design a website to showcase your work,
promote your business.
And now it's an upcoming event or special project like a reboot of Caveman.
There's got beautiful customizable templates created by world-class designers.
I don't know why they need to be customizable though
if they're created by world-class designers.
But you shouldn't fuck with them.
Maybe they put a lot of work into them.
You should just use them like they are.
And there's e-commerce functionality too.
So make your dream stand out.
Make it stand out.
Stand out with a beautiful website from Squarespace.
Head over to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch, use the offer code mybrother.
Save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.
Squarespace.
Plug your brain and heart into a computer and let your dreams become a website, TM.
That's really nice.
Is that a poem?
Is that a poem?
Yes, because it's meant to sell something.
There's a purpose.
Ah, perfect.
Justin, speaking of domains, could I have lilyisaveverygoodgirl.com back now?
Or where are we at on that?
I'll tell you what, Trav.
If you get into Supernatural Season 15, I'll give you the URL back.
Okay, there we go.
I want to tell you about Stitch Fix.
I have had a 100% hit rate with Stitch Fix for the last couple months.
Stitch Fix, you go in, you tell them what your style is.
They even show you some different options and say, do you like this?
What about this?
Is this something you would wear?
You also could tell them what you'd be willing to pay for a pair of shoes or a shirt,
where you would wear the clothes.
And then they send you a box of, I would say, super high quality,
amazingly tailored to your style clothing and not just like shirts and pants.
I've also gotten, you know, shoes.
I've gotten hats.
I've gotten really cool stuff from them.
Jackets.
Oh, I got this jacket in my last one that has just instantly become a favorite
because you work with a personal stylist who gets to know you and what you want.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
and you'll get an extra 25% off when you keep all items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Hi, it's Ali Kokash, one of the cast members of Mission to Zix,
a new addition to the Max Fun Network.
We're blown away by the welcome we've received from Max Fun listeners,
telling us you've discovered the show and are binging it hard,
supporting us during the drive and just being rad humans all around.
Mission to Zix is an improvised, obsessively sound designed sci-fi comedy epic
following a group of ambassadors as they explore the ass end of space.
I play Dar, the 12 foot tall,
omnisexual security officer with furry scales, chest talons,
and a series of flaps and chutes that are for...
Yeah, you know what?
You'll figure it out.
We'd be delighted if you joined our crew aboard the aging sentient starship,
the Bargerian Jade, as we travel the Zix Quadrant,
meeting all sorts of weird aliens played by brilliant guest comedians.
That's Mission to Zix, Z-Y-X-X.
Question.
Another question.
Here we go, another question.
Coming at you.
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Oh my God, Justin.
I'm interrupting myself this time because I thought that was more polite.
Yeah.
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
I want a munch.
Quad.
Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.
I've got some drainage and I want too much.
Squad.
And it's messing up my voice.
Quick update.
Don't do the Duncan Shoes, I did the Duncan Shoes.
Quick update before we get in.
Welcome to the family.
Fresh and Co. launching a cannabis-focused menu.
It's a special 420 hemp and CBD-infused menu
that launches exclusively on Fresh and Co. app
on April 9th, you fucked up.
We'll be in restaurants from April 12th through April 30th.
Fresh and Co. executive Craig Rispoli
curated the menu in collaboration
with Jeepney's chef Miguel Trinidad.
And just so you're plugged into where the scene is at,
they got the half-baked shrimp salad,
which is hemp cakes, hemp mixed greens,
sea beans, red onion, whatever.
There's CBD-infused ginger cashew aioli on that.
Good.
There's a blazed beet sandwich.
Again, this is CBD, folks, and hemp,
which they can make ropes out of.
These sandwiches will not get you high.
They're not gonna get you high.
I wish to God these companies would stop making sandwiches
pretending they're gonna get you high.
I see.
I wanna talk very quickly about Topper's Pizza,
which just added pretzel bites to its value menu.
I've never been to a Topper's Pizza,
and I don't know anyone who has,
but I feel like I've learned a lot about Topper's Pizza,
namely that the person they talk to,
namely the president,
doesn't give a shit about these pretzels.
This is a good obby.
Topper's Pizza's continued its commitment
to great pizza and quality offerings,
all at an affordable price,
thanks to the launch of its newest value item, pretzel bites.
Built on the belief that better doesn't have to cost more,
in the words of founder and president of Topper's Pizza,
Scott Gittrich.
The brand rolled out a pick any two or more from-
Scott Gittrich?
Scott Gittrich.
That's not, that's a fake person's name.
His name's Scott Gittrich.
President Scott is the CEO.
The 5.99 value menu lets customers choose
any two of the following, baked mac and cheese,
gooey monkey bread, half pound orders of boneless wings,
and single orders of topper sticks,
plus any medium, two topping pizza.
Folks, if you wanna put weed into food,
that's your route right there.
That's where you're gonna put weed in.
I know what it is, and I do enjoy it,
but hearing the phrase gooey monkey bread is like-
Yeah, it's rough.
It's upsetting, it's viscerally upsetting.
So these Topper's pretzel bites are snack-ready morsels
fried to perfection and dusted with sea salt,
in case you're curious.
This is one of the weirder lines.
Customers can pick from any dipping sauce
with nacho cheese, the brand's favorite.
Oh.
That's exactly what it says.
With nacho cheese, the brand's favorite.
5.99 value item includes 12 pretzel bites.
And so they come to Scott Get Rich,
and they say, Scott, Scott, give me a quote, Scott.
We need a quote.
This press release is going out hot.
Give me a quote for the pretzel bites press release.
For almost 30 years, we've been relentlessly committed
to doing pizza better, says Scott Get Rich.
That means our fans shouldn't compromise on quality
in pursuit of affordability.
Our ever-expanding value menu reflects that.
Scott. Scott.
How do you begin with, we are relentlessly committed
to doing pizza better, and your next sentence is,
and folks, we've strayed from the path.
With these abominations that have nothing to do with pizza.
Bread should not be bathed in an alkaline bath.
It goes against my beliefs.
So Scott Iverson, the VP of marketing for Topper's Pizza,
busts in the room, and he's like, wait, Scott,
hey, it's me, nice Scott, and that quote was terrible.
Here, I'm gonna get people horny for pretzels.
Not again. You were good, Scott.
You've twisted my bread dreams.
We work tirelessly to make sure our pizza lovers
enjoy a variety of complimentary options
that we develop after closely attending to the data.
What?
What data?
We work tirelessly to make sure our pizza lovers
enjoy a variety of complimentary options
that we develop after closely attending to the data.
What the living fuck, Scott?
What are you talking about?
Man, I'm hungry for pretzel bites.
Do you know a good place?
Well, we make good pizza and look at data.
Do you want some of these?
Every time you order a Topper's Pizza,
as you open the box, someone rises up from behind your couch
like, don't mind me, just observing the data.
I'm minding the data on this.
I think of myself as something of an appetizer sommelier.
So it looks like you're having a sausage and mushroom,
might I suggest, the fried pretzel bites.
Mm-hmm.
They are dusted with sea salt.
And now, fill out this form.
My favorite dusting, my favorite dipping
is the nacho cheese, of course.
It's the restaurant's favorite.
It doesn't matter what you like.
We've attended to the data.
It's all of your favorites.
Anyway, I will now read a question.
I was working the ticket counter at my university theater
when a man approached, this is a very performing arts
centric episode, isn't it?
It's very arts, arts heavy.
Not just performing arts.
The first question about art, it's about the arts.
I was working the ticket counter
at my university theater when a man approached the counter
and said, stone cold, I'm just gonna bust in.
Walked into the theater unchallenged.
How could I have stopped him?
That's from steamrolled at the Sing-a-rama.
My friend, I don't think you could have.
He did say very clearly he was gonna bust in.
He stated his intention
and he completed his objective.
It's not a crime if you warn him.
That is true.
And what's this crime evil?
What is the crime?
What are you gonna get tried for in this?
And I hate to revert to shoplifting is cool, Griffin,
but like it's not shoplifting this one.
You can't shoplift a beautiful performance
from David Hyde Pierce at the Broadway.
Like you can't, David Hyde Pierce isn't gonna be like,
hey, give me my performance back that I did in show.
Right, it's impossible to imagine
that we have gone this far in the history of the arts
and have not come up with a countermeasure
for I'm just gonna bust in.
No one's ever thought of this.
Like Broadway, Hamilton tickets are real tough to get.
I've got a solution.
I'm just gonna bust in.
I'll go.
And you know what?
If I sit in someone's seat,
cause I already bought it, you know what I'll tell them?
Sit somewhere else.
Yeah.
I bust it in.
Or I'll just get up and move to the next empty seat I see
and just keep doing that
until I get to stay in a seat the whole time.
Yeah.
Or I'll stand in the back.
I bust it in.
You've got nothing on me.
You have no way to track me.
I'm off the grid.
I'm a self-made man.
And if you're watching this show,
you'll learn that those are good.
Yeah.
So I'm kinda like the-
Hamilton would've stood in the aisle.
I'm the Hamilton of this theater.
If you think about it, really.
Would the Phantom of the Opera sit in a seat
or would he lurk in the back as I am doing?
Yeah, look at me now.
I'm trying to catch you, but I can't
cause I'm so slippery.
Just like Rummy Tumbles, the cat.
Rumbly Tumblies.
Rambletumbles.
Here's what you can do to someone who announces
that they're just gonna bust in.
You could say, I'd prefer you didn't.
You could try that.
This is something my daughter is taking to do.
Say, I'm just gonna bust in.
And you just say, no.
No.
And it's a strong-
And then they'll do it anyway.
Yeah, but it's a strong response.
That happens when you look at BB
and it's like, well, nap time.
And she just says, no.
And it's kind of irrefutable.
Once they get in there, you can't stop the show
to get the performance burglar.
You can't do it.
You could call the cops and it's gonna go like this.
Hi, this is the cops.
What's your emergency?
Well, they busted in.
Yeah.
What do you want us to do?
It sounds like they're already in.
This happened one time when I was at CSC
and a person walked in,
I think it was like 10 minutes into the start of act one
and made eye contact with the person at the front
and just nodded as if I've been in.
And the person in the front went, uh, what?
And immediately reacted.
But the person, the guy who walked in
just kept walking down the aisle to backstage
and then just stood in the backstage looking around
and then turned back and left.
Yowch.
That's not great.
You used to work at the marquee cinemas, right?
Yes.
Were you given any protocol for I'm just gonna bust in?
No.
And you know what?
I don't think I would have noticed.
Yeah, I'm just gonna bust in.
Don't.
No, I'm going anyway.
I want to see the show and I don't wanna pay for it.
I'm gonna bust in now.
Please don't.
You know what's fucked up?
I've been sitting here trying to think of something to say
and I just now realized that everything I've been trying
to think up is good ways to bust in.
And.
And.
And.
Because I was just thinking about saying out loud,
you dress up in all black and you put on a headset
and you carry around a, you know, a three ring binder
and you just walk into it really quickly.
You can give them like a, hold on, hold on finger
if they start to talk to you.
Because they don't know who, you might be stage manager.
That's true.
You might be trying to stage managing
and you need to be up there.
I don't, I feel like if you sneak in, you'll be arrested.
I think that is a crime to sneak in.
I don't want anybody sneaking in.
I wanna push against this nation's inability
to stop people who are just gonna bust in.
We're performing arts.
I think if you, if you rolled up to,
let's go back to Hamilton.
If you rolled up to a matinee of Hamilton dressed.
I can't afford it, Trav.
No, Justin, you're dressed as Hamilton.
Oh.
And you're gonna bust in and you're gonna say,
I'm going to bust in in like a Hamilton accent.
And like at that point, everyone's like,
this is part of it.
This is, this show kicks ass.
It starts even before you get into the theater.
Yours is, yours is too stealthy still.
I feel like to maintain the bust in,
cause that's so important, bust in makes Justin feel good,
is you dress up like Alexander Hamilton
and then you bust in, charge the stage,
grab the real Hamilton and you two spin around real fast.
Okay, don't do that.
But then they don't, and then you say, arrest who?
Which, okay, okay, ask me something
only the real Hamilton would know.
That kind of thing.
You gotta bone up before you go in.
Which number president were you?
14.
Fuck, damn it.
No, got it in one.
And then they take you to jail and you say,
I'm gonna bust out.
And they're like, damn it,
why haven't we thought about something?
Damn it, Bim Bam, I'm a prison warden.
These dang guys keep slipping on dang through.
Do you guys know how just like existentially fucked it is
that we have now spent, I don't know, six minutes
talking about other fun ways to do the crime
and other cool places to do it?
Yeah.
I don't know what to tell you,
cause the answer for the question that we received
is CalTrips, and I wanted to make some jokes
before we landed on the obvious answer of CalTrips.
This is a thing I think about,
like how much stuff we all kind of just do
because we know we're not supposed to do it.
Like, you know, I have a running joke with Teresa
every time like a check comes for a meal,
I just look at her and like kind of quietly say like,
so done and dash.
But then I think like, people then like just leave your table
and you could just get up and leave.
Like- But you shouldn't.
You shouldn't, listen, you should not do that
and don't do it.
But there are things that we don't do
because everybody just knows that they're like
the wrong thing to do.
And one of those is, I'm just gonna bust in.
So it feels like the thing to do to stop that is,
I don't know, better education in schools maybe.
Well, I don't know.
Just every time you turn in a ticket to any event
to a ticket changer, take a moment,
look at them in the eyes and share a moment
where the both of you just appreciate
the long moral arc of the universe.
Yes.
How about a Yahoo?
And say, I'm not going to bust in.
Yes, I'm going- And they say thank you.
I'm going to saunter in.
Adrian Cal sent this in, it's from Yahoo Answers user,
Johnson, who does ask,
how to build a koi pond for cheap.
Oh.
I love these big guys.
Pfft.
This is me, this is Griffin saying.
Griffin said that, I love these big guys.
Okay.
They're so fucking big.
Every time I see a koi,
and I do with alarming frequency,
every time I see a koi, I forget,
like, wowzers, you guys are so big.
I feel so at peace looking at you in there.
But I've got $3.
Mm-hmm.
And I want it to be like you're in a fancy bank
when you walk by my-
Yes.
My house, or inside my house.
I preferably it would be inside in my lobby,
where the shoes live.
Oh, well, I was just going to say, plug up your bathtub.
No, no, no, because then it's only for the shitters
who go in there to use the bathroom.
I want everybody, I want where my shoes live,
where I kick off my boots
at the end of a hard day at the factory,
I want there to be koi there instead.
But again, I got like $3.
Do you know what my problem is with koi?
Yeah.
They're always pretending to be shy.
Nah.
I don't think so.
I checked, Trav, I don't think.
Because they're being koi.
Yeah, I don't actually think so on that.
Here's one thing you could try is take all your koi
to the local swimming pool and dump them in.
They're fine.
They live for this shit.
That's the thing you don't know about koi.
They're nasty and you can't kill them.
People really like it when we get things wrong
about fish care, so I just want to announce it.
You can't throw your koi in the local swimming pool.
And then you say, hey, nobody fucking swim in this.
This is my koi pond.
I just busted in and I threw all my fish in here
and you can't do shit about it.
And don't give me the sad eyes, they're fine.
These things are nasty and they live for chlorine
and they love it.
How much are kiddie pools?
Could you get a kiddie pool for like 10 bucks?
You could.
You know, Trav, I thought about that.
That was the first thing I was about to say.
And then I thought, well, that probably wouldn't work
because you probably need to dig a hole for it.
And it's like, okay, so you dig a hole for your koi pond
and then you put the kiddie pool in
and then maybe you put grass over it to kind of hide it.
I was like, oh no, it's a good idea.
Oh no, tragically.
You could lay down some plastic bags to line it.
Oh no, wait, that's a good idea.
Wait, wait, no, get out.
Oh shit, that's it, Trav.
I want them in my house, right?
And a kiddie pool buried in the ground, that's not great.
But, but clear garbage bags that I fill with water
and stuff one individual koi in before tying it up.
And then I could just leave it in the living room
like a beanbag chair that no one can ever sit on
or else the consequences will be so dire.
Oh my God, oh the consequences.
Oh my God, they'd be so bad.
Everything would be ruined.
Including the koi.
Everything.
The koi's fucking fine.
Don't worry about the koi, they're nasty.
They live for it.
Oh God, the terrible mess.
The terrible mess.
But then, but it would be badass though.
It would look like a cool bank.
Yeah, that's for me.
That's the one for me.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us this week
on my brother, my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself as much as we have.
It's always a treat getting to spend some time with you.
If you have four spare bucks this week,
we would ask humbly that you go to your local comic book store
and buy War of the Realms Journey into Mystery number one.
I know it sounds like grade A nerd shit,
but we wrote it and it's not, it's pretty good
even if you don't read comics,
I think you'll like it, it's pretty funny.
Our daddy wrote it with us and we worked together.
Actually, he did the bulk of the work.
But we're taking the credit.
Oh, we're taking the credit.
That's the McElroy Family Crest.
It's right on there, look it up.
Also, we have.
It's a cat stealing a cake from another cat.
We also just announced like a shit ton
of tour dates coming up for 2019.
They went on sale last week,
so hopefully they're either not sold out
or you got your chance at those tickets.
But if they're not sold out, go to McElroy.family,
click on tours, there's a whole bunch all over the place.
And if you're sitting there thinking,
well, you're not coming to where I am,
there's lots of places where people are
and we can't go to all of them.
But maybe if these tickets sell really well,
we'll go to other places next year, who knows?
Who knows?
We're so wild and unpredictable.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed,
which is a fantastic album and can I say, funtastic.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Maximumfun.org is a website you wanna go to
if you wanna check out all kinds of great shows
like the JV Club with Janet Varney
and Stop Podcasting Yourself and Who Shotcha
and just all of them at Maximumfun.org.
Anything else?
There's a lot of merch if you go to mackleroymerch.com
or add new stuff every month and seemingly all the time.
So if you haven't checked in a while, go check it out.
Yeah.
Here's the final yahoo.
It was sent in by Adrian Callas.
Thanks, Adrian.
It's yahoo answers user coolbirds who asks,
does anyone else ever accidentally call lotion yogurt
and vice versa?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
This is your dad.
We're on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Hi, I'm Jo Firestone.
And I'm Manolo Moreno.
And we're the hosts of Dr. Game Show,
which is a podcast where we play games
submitted by listeners regardless of quality or content
with in-studio guests and callers from all over the world.
And you can win a custom magnet.
A custom magnet.
Subscribe now to make sure you get our next episode.
What's an example of a game, Manolo?
Pokemon or medication.
How do you play that?
You have to guess if something's a Pokemon name
or a medication.
First time listener,
if you want to listen to episode highlights
and also know how to participate,
follow Dr. Game Show on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
We'd love to hear from you.
That's really fun.
For the whole family.
We'll be every other Wednesday starting March 13th
and we're coming to Max Fun.
Snorlax.
Pokemon?
Yes.
Subscribe now to make sure you get our next episode.
