The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modular
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
Travis
Yeah
Yeah, this is Griffin McElroy. This one's good. This one's got Griffin on it. This one does have Griffin in the mix
putting a little bit of
sauce on it and
Yeah, welcome welcome guys. Hey guys, are you gonna ask me about cuz I did it there. No, we're not
Pointedly, we're not doing well cuz I I was thinking about what's fancy. Thank you for asking
I was thinking about what's fancy and I think I was doing too much and that's not fancy and you know
It's fancy like a one name name, you know, that's cool. Yeah. Yeah
Or Kesha. Yes, a lot of people when they think about fancy they think about
aristocratic like
Pass me my right my my very thin toast, right?
I fancy but my main exposure to fancy people has been at
Like a bar, but they're wearing like a business suit. Yeah, and they're like
Why don't you get out of here kid?
Do you know like that, huh? Yeah, like this stinky kid in here
yeah, and but they'll be like the only fancy person in there and yeah, I'll walk up and I'll be like to the bartender be
like can I get a
Drink and then the guy I'll be like
Are you sure about that kid wait, is this the bartender speaking to you or a businessman at the no
It's the businessman sitting at the counter and he's got like fucking 20 babes. Oh
Wow. Well, that's probably why he wants you to get away because he needs those stools for his babes
Yeah, I I whenever I walk up for a big table kid. We didn't make a reservation for my birthday
We forgot to I was supposed to but then I got too busy being rich
It's my 15th birthday kid. I'm so excited to eat here at Applebee's
That's my plane
That right. I crashed it into the Applebee's because I was so excited for the Jack Daniels burger
I'm very hurt
But I'm eating good in the neighborhood kid. My voice box is damaged
That's why I sound like this
He sucks and he sucks the atmosphere the joy out of the Applebee's room that I'm in. Yeah, but fuck he looks cool
He looks so cool. And does he have one name? Is that related to this in any way? He doesn't have any name
Oh, that's how he forgot it in the crash. He forgot it in the crash
He refers to himself as plane because I think maybe like that's the only word he could remember because this head got so fucked
Up in the crash. Yeah
These 20 babes are all paramedics. Yeah, then they're doing a surgery on me
But I can be awake and eat my Jack Daniels burger while they do it. Oh fuck. I see my grandpa
Bye kid
He's been dead for 10 years in case that wasn't clear in this audio format. I hate this bully this 15 year old
This 15 year old fancy bully. Who's dying in the Applebee's. How'd he get so rich?
I don't know. Is he even rich? Is there actually a plane outside? We don't know
We don't know. That's the thing. That's how they get you the fans. Anyway, that's the fancy
I think of and it makes me worried that
Maybe this isn't a good year theme because I don't want to turn into that
No, no
Whoa
That scared the ever-living shit out of me. We got a blart watch
Now if this is okay if this is what I think it is
This is our segment blart watch where we keep you updated on literally every scrap of information
About a possible third Paul Blart movie. Yeah, sometimes sometimes news only covers big moves
We cover even like the involuntary twitches
This has been a segment that we've had for years. Yeah, this is just the first
The segment has been ongoing for years. We've been doing it the last five years. Yeah
Yeah, this has been an ongoing segment Paul Blart mall cop
three
Everyone literally every single human babies come out of the womb first word
Like everybody's asking about it
and
Kevin James, mr. Kevin did dr. Kevin James did a story at the interview
I guess you'd say that turned into a story with screen ramp
And they asked him about it. They're like blart 3. What's up? We've heard a lot of bugs
We've heard a lot of buzz most of it created by us
Okay, and here's what he said and and really like read between the lines. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well
Well, you gotta work that one out. I would love that. I
Don't know what the story is yet, but it was so much fun shooting in Vegas. That was a great time. There's
Something there there's something there right you guys feel that too, right? There's something there
There's something there, but I don't know if it's maybe the thing you think it is so much
Well, no, listen Trav. Huh? You've forgotten history
Kevin James got pretty burnt up in the big Sony hack where they reveal all this stuff about so he can't
Say outright like we're doing it baby because then that the hackers will crash is and they'll find on own
We'll get him and they'll find it his fucking like PowerPoint presentation. That's yeah having fun with friends
Vegas again
Gambling risk and love of family question like the big the big bullet points of three and then we're all gonna be spoiled
Aren't we so instead my man James comes out and does
little
Crypt cryptic little messages for the true fans little ARG's that you really have to dive into right? I think I I
Okay, I'm not saying that's not the case
But I think that maybe one of the clues of the ARG
Here that he's laying down is that he's taken on what I like to think of as the Sandler mentality, which is yeah
I'll do a movie if it's in a place. I would also like to take a vacation
Yeah, oh, yeah. No, no kidding. That's because I mean he throws it right in there when you say hey Kevin James
What you know, we're talking about a third Bart and he's like, oh, yeah
I love making Bart too because I got to go to Las Vegas
I had a lot of fun with my buddies, right and let me say a lot of people can hate on the happy Madison squad
And have a lot of justification for doing so they're living their best lives. They've well, they've they've got it
They're living their best life to their own capacity for best life, I guess
Yeah, but they can probably be using their time better, right? Kevin's reached the point though. We're like he wants to also make
Art and shit like he's like, um, I want to have a good time
But also like it's it's Oscar season. He needs his punch drunk. Love is what he needs. Yeah
Do you say you what? You've been quiet and I feel like usually when you do that you are googling something
I'm just listening to you guys. I did my job. I brought you do you know how hard I had to work to get these scoops?
Yeah, we tweeted it out us Justin. Kevin James is a very religious person. Do you guys know this? Oh, really?
It's a man tracks, right?
If you came to me who's like Kevin James hardcore atheist like I'm really belligerent about it. I'd be like, well really Kevin
Can I tell you something? Here's a quote from a little bit ago. He said I am involved in my faith
It becomes a difficult difficult position. You have a platform and you don't want to do anything that doesn't glorify God in every way
So I just wanted to say that one time
Kevin James was lying on the floor of a Vegas hallway
Interior mall and he lied there while actress
the young actress
Glomped melted ice cream into his mouth. Yeah. Yeah curious diabetes to glorify God
Yeah, and he was thinking like this is glorifying God in every way. Well and everything I'm doing right now
This is this is for God. I'm gonna say this knowing that in four days
So much can change but it is kind of refreshing to hear
Kevin James say that but also not be shitty about it all the time
As happens so often with some people
I've heard some things. Oh, no
Do you I remember in grown-ups too when mr. James burps and farts and sneezes at the same time and it's like you raise me
This actually gives me a lot of hope because I we talked in a I believe this past year's till death do us part
about the possibility of having a
um Paul Blart set in heaven one a place James wants to go to
Would glorify God right? So like we're setting up
Like the two biggest it seems like check marks for a bar three, right?
Now we just need I think some way to get another like maybe get Adam Sandler in there
He reprises his role as little Nicky get the fuck out. Yes. Yes
Yes battle for the fate of humanity. That's good. That's good stuff. Anyway, this is a vice show
I actually just got way too excited about
Like I said it and I felt like I unlocked something like I was doing an escape room
And I just found like a three-letter word somewhere
I'm in the creative process and we like to do that here where there are no stakes and no one listens
To absolutely and also no next step like I said follow up. Yeah, I'm not yeah. I'm not gonna create like a
You the listener
My sister's fiance only drinks out of empty mason jars when they visit my parents night. Mm-hmm
At first I thought we were just out of glasses
Which is weird because we have so many glasses that it's hard to fit them all in a cupboard when they're all washed
Oh, don't you hate that whenever somebody gets to be new mugs at this point?
I'm like, well, some of y'all are going to the farm. Come on
For all the mugs I own I've already curated my mug collection to a point where I they all spark joy
I'm so I'm so picky about mugs
So pick you know that the Austin City limits mugs that you guys guys given those are perfect
Yeah, this guy bigger than the stand. I can't have a standard 12-ounce mung. Look now now
Are you kidding me?
After it happened a few times we decided to hide the darts in a different cabinet to sway him away from them
So they he went to get some water and walk back to the living room with you guessed it a mason jar
Is there something wrong with our glasses? Who is this jar man?
Does he know something that we don't that's from novel sipping in Nova Scotia now we grew up in a house where our mom
would
routinely
Clean out jelly jars. Oh, yeah, and they would become the cups. Those are the cups for you
Now these are what we drink out of these jelly jars
Which is I think I I think it says a lot bad sad things that society's moved away from that
Because I remember time where Welch's if I remember correctly it was was it Garfield themed like inside
Oh, those were the fucking days baby, and it was like yo, you finished this tiny jelly jar. Hey, guess what?
It's Garfield Garfield cup now, baby. Enjoy your liquid and now we're all just like using cups. Oh
Oh now I will say there's one aspect of this question that
And we I mean, I you know, we're all about context on the show and I just kind of context like yes, I assume
That he rooted through the kitchen and found one of the mason jars you hid
But it does leave just enough wiggle room for me to wonder
Did he bring his own mason jar just in case he couldn't find a mason jar. That's interesting
Hey, let me say this fuck glasses the glass fuck glass cups. Okay, I will always
spring for a plastic cup over a glass cup because I don't know who had this idea of
Hey, let's take this stuff that gets really really crazy sharp when you do a whoopsie with it
I put it as close to our mouth and face as we possibly get like you you it's an unnecessary risk, isn't it?
I bet there is if I drop a plastic cup worst thing that happens liquid on the floor if I drop a glass
Liquid on the floor and also a bunch of invisible knives everywhere. Cool. Awesome
I bet it was so fucking frustrating for the like scientists that invented like the polycarbonate to make cups out of and they're like we did
It we changed the game. Everyone's gonna be safe now. No more. Okay time for you guys to all start. Why aren't they?
Okay, you know cuz we did it so everybody can start you're still buying
Glass though. Why is everybody?
normalize
Plastic glass plastic stemware normalize it. Yes. Oh my god
I've shreked so many glasses over just by turning my huge terrible body around
I
Smash a glass now it also like to have a five-year-old and now a two-year-old that I smash something and they just yell like oh
No, or what did you do? And it's like I know don't also didn't want to do this
Don't worry, sweetie. Daddy made a big purple mess and also invisible knives everywhere
Have fun. You're gonna stay on that chair and never walk on the ground ever again. It's ridiculous. Get that glass out of here
Anyway, and without fail I will like hands and knees like scour that place to try to pick up all the glass and then two
Hours later Teresa will come to him back. Hey, did you break a glass? I'm like, yeah, she's like yeah
There was glass everywhere. I'm like where I
think a mason jar is one of those things that is charming it like
aesthetically, right it is
By definition kind of a cutesy thing to drink out. We got me and Rachel got married in, Texas
So, of course we came home from that wedding with approximately six hundred thousand mason jars
Yeah, and we drink out of before a while, but then eventually we were like
This is this is too many of the same type of thing that is made out of glass to have in our home
And so we took it out on the street. We threw them on cars that went by
No, wait, wait, like that's bonding. That's a romantic thing for us to do
Hey, can we approach the Wizards throne? Wait, just real quick. I'm betting that this is like his thing, you know
I mean, I'm the mason jar guy, you know, this is that's interesting. I'm a cowboy
baby, I drink out of mason jars that don't
sleep inside
Probably part of it. It's just like you get used. I'm like I said, like I like four cups
There's four cups. I like
Maybe that's just all he likes. He doesn't it doesn't make him feel good to drink out of other cups
Maybe you have like I don't want to be this guy. But like maybe you have bad guys
Ooh, does he got big hands and you got a little thing cups and makes him feel like a monster because that happens to me
Sometimes I'm just saying it's possible. You have bad cups. This is true
Maybe he's never used a cup before and he sees your cups and he's like, I bet that's for science
I'm gonna use the drinking jars
interesting interesting
Okay, so this this this little magic spell from the wizard is a great wait
Is he approaching us? Did he bring it to us this time? We approach each other and been home
That's nice Ben can't kind of facilitated it. Thank you, Ben
It's how to find gifts for people who bug you
wait, oh
I guess
Did you just cough and mute it because it sounded like you just gasped like a like an actual dinosaur
I'm a radio and professional. I don't like to come off into the mic
So I do like how you let us see other build up to it though
Yeah, well, I wasn't that quick on the trigger, but it kind of came out of nowhere. I'm gonna start reading
There's something there so funny there are people in life that no matter how hard you try to be open and think good of
Bug you for one reason or other. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder what that's like
Finding gift for these people could be imagine doing a podcast with them
Because your head bugs you that much listen
Fine age for these people can be really really hard because your head is saying find the cheapest nastiest thing out there while your heart
Wants to do the right thing
So this I guess is their way of threading that needle although it is I would say it it trends much more toward the
Nastiest cheapest thing out there side of things. So it's not wait
It's not about what the your heart was the right thing. Yeah, you have to be the bigger proof
So they're annoying but you're great
So yeah, you're gonna give them a bunch of really clever gifts juice. This first one's great for you
So I'm just a hot tip
Purchase a large wooden spoon for the troublemaker in your family or workplace that person who is always causing trouble
Stirring up a mess and sticking their nose where it isn't wanted this gift says watch it
We think you're a pot stirrer for the less obtuse. This present is nicely pointed
So what was so fucking wicked? This is already can I say the wildest one of these?
I've ever yeah, this is off to such a tremendously forceful start
Yeah
What if me and Travis spent the whole episode making fun of your dumb cough and then two days later you shipped us
Big wooden spoons and you're like get it you fucking jerks
Well, I'll ship you like tiny wooden coffins and be like now who's coffee. Whoa. Wait, that might be
Can I say something though?
Fuck I love wooden cookware. Oh my god. Oh, I was a tiny wooden coffin. I'd actually think I was really cool
Yeah. Oh, yeah, you know, I've got a spoon chilla made out of wood
It's got a slot on the side where it can rest on your pant on your hell. Yeah. Oh, I
Love this guy. That's it, baby
Now, let me just say that if I were the receiver of a giant spoon and I wouldn't say I'm obtuse
You know compared to I don't know. I'm probably
Slightly above average as far as not being obtuse goes
I think I would open it and be like what the fuck is this?
I think someone would have to say cuz you're always stirring up the pot
I'm like, so you went to a lot of trouble, huh?
I'm like because I know you can't just pick up giant spoons like this anywhere you go
Is this cuz why hey, just give me a big box of dirt or so next time man
This next one goes I would say in the polar opposite direction
Wrap up some personal hygiene products for the person who never bathes or who breathes down your neck
Lasciviously even though this person knows you're taken those are two profoundly different things. That is yeah. Hey
Yeah, I got you this hygiene kit cuz you stink and hey Marcus
I got you this one cuz you're trying to fuck me and I don't yeah
I I would actually argue the person who's trying to fuck you and you give them a bunch of like
Bath and shower stuff. Yes, that seems like make yourself ready Marcus. Yeah
Going down on Sunday, dude
and
Can I also just say this kind of makes it seem like how to be a bully because if you're like, oh, you know
That guy he really bugs me because of his hygiene issues
And I'm gonna call it out in front of everyone at the white elephant party or whatever and be like, whoa in middle school
At Comac middle school
The most brutal thing you could do to somebody for a good long time was to walk up to them and say take a bath
Wash yourself. Yeah, and people would do that to each other and the other person would just
Crumble they would collapse in on themselves
Like a dying star like oh fuck. There's no come back to that. You can't be like no actually you're the one with bad hygiene
Anyway, yeah
This one's great blaster first. There's no yeah, you can't come back with that cuz it's like oh you would say that even if
You have impeccable hygiene. This one you also can't say like I bathed this morning Derek
This one is so fucking brutal if I ever got this one
I would oh I would just leave
Give that lazy son-in-law a cooking set and a food processor
It's time. He understood that cooking is for anyone in the household. Not just your daughter
Holy crap. Yeah now, okay. This is can I just say assuming a lot of things?
sometimes people share responsibilities and sometimes people split responsibilities and it's a like
This is a wild thing to do, right? Not only that but it's also like hey Derek you lazy fuck. Here's
$750 in William Sonoma cookware and it's like, yeah. Oh my thank you. Holy shit. This is beautiful. This is a no
You don't get it. You need to learn to cook. Well, I will now this is awesome. Thank you. Great. Thanks
I feel like my message isn't landing
Uh, the that one that can never be punctual let them know that they're always being late for everything is annoying by buying them
A watch so next time they late you can ask them. What's wrong with the watch?
I got you once again, like if someone got me a watch I'm like, oh, it's beautiful. Thank you. Like got him
This next one's not fucking weird at all
So perish the thought of it being weird
But give a sexy lingerie set to the prim and proper daughter-in-law who is driving you crazy with her perfectness. Oh, what?
Got him. What?
Hey, hey
Samantha
I've been stuck on the name Samantha. I feel bad that I I feel like we're on a Samantha like try Judith
Hey Judith
You're so prim and proper
Check out this sexy lingerie
Marjorie
It's gonna say like maybe it's from the mom in this but even then there is no scenario in which this isn't like
Both curvy and also kind of like have fun having sex with my kid
Oh, sorry, then the next couple sentences are pretty dope
She'll be embarrassed at what possible thoughts are going through your head about her relations with your son
But your son will be totally cool with all this but be forewarned that given even as a joke
You may forever be labeled as a dirty old man or woman by everyone present. Yeah, it seems like a good trade-off worth it
Worth the risk. No
Okay, okay, that's great
What happens though if your sign gives you a big thumbs up like thanks guys. Thanks dad. This is gonna give me mad voters
a
Lot of stuff about in-laws because this next one is give uncaring parents-in-law a large photo of you in a beautiful frame
I'm actually so into this
So they didn't put your picture out with the rest of the family or at least not one large enough to match the others make it
Up make up for it with this wonderful in-your-face addition to the family photo collection
It's a difficult gift to wriggle out of displaying. Make sure your smile is large. I feel like my smile is always large
are we talking like like I'd like a like a two by
Like what are we talking like a giant, you know
Like would go over the mantle four foot by eight foot kind of deal because I'm way into that like hey
I got you this
And I expect to see it every time I come over and I could come over anytime
there's an amazing illustration here of what looks like a crash test dummy with a wig on holding up a picture frame of
Himself and it's about the size of his torso. So that's a big one
Hey, how come we never use the adjective large to describe somebody smile?
a
beautiful
Large would if you were talking about like the Cheshire cat or some kind of demon
That's fair. Make a whistle and stopwatch kit. Give this to the bossy person in your life
It sends a message to them that you haven't exactly enjoyed their need to tell you what to do and when
So really this this article should be titled how to tell the people annoying you that they fucking suck
But also you spent money on it. Yeah, but also in like
the most annoying way possible like also the most like
Give me a second to let me just explain why this do you get it? I'm sick of your shit
You don't get this but it's like honestly like a really good burn and just give me a second to explain it to you
Please now I do actually like this because it could be fuel for your frustration fire that you're like
I put together this fucking great whistle and stopwatch bit and then this asshole didn't even bother to get the joke
fuck him I
Consider music what person consider music a song, you know
They don't they don't much like can turn into an entire CD by the artist in question after they open it
It's that's a sorry a song, you know
They don't much like can turn into an entire CD by the artist in question if you bury it in the ground
I think yeah, I think that their language here is a bit more passive
Like it can't turn into that with some I don't know the machinations given the right circumstances
After they open it insist they play it for everyone to hear
This is a great Christmas showstopper an album or mixy
That touch on your frustration with this person can also have an interesting effect. Everyone clear your schedules for the next 45 minutes
Yeah, I've made an Enrique Iglesias mixy day and we're all gonna sit here and listen to it cuz cuz Dave doesn't like by Lamos
Yeah, hey doesn't like by Lamos. Hey dad put that CD on that. I got you sure son click
That's right, I have frustration with you provide I was just gonna say I love rage against the machine
Yeah, sure provide a set of knives to someone who backstabbed you
Well, it doesn't have to be real knives plastic toy ones from the dollar store still carry the message perfectly. Well, yeah
Just get this person knives and a spoon and a cookware set and their kitchen is furnished. Well done. You got him
Got a wiki how author
if I opened okay, you're telling me that me opening a set of like real ass like kitchen knives and
An opening a dollar store by a beautiful ornate
Yeah, it's nice is the same message as me opening a set of dollar store
Plastic like toy knives and I'd be like, oh I get it. I'm a backstab. Yeah. Got it
Keep your sense of humor throughout this exercise. It's meant to be a light-hearted
Weird kind of say something if you have a box of knives in a tasteful case
Yeah, and you wrap it up and you give it to someone and they open it and they're like, oh
Look at this. This is lovely. Thank you so much. So that's that but if you take a single knife and just wrap it
Sort of like unconsciously in wrapping paper. Yeah, and then give it to the person then they get all weird about it
It's like I'm sorry. I couldn't afford a whole set but like you don't need to be
Weird about and if you deliver those knives to them like to their front door anonymously one at a time
Like over a long period of time like stab into a pumpkin or whatever or just like wrapped in a Kroger bag or something
Yeah, you know and and suddenly you're arrested
That sucks. Yeah, I'm just trying to send the message that you're a backstabber Stephen. Keep a kid sense of humor
It's meant to be a light-hearted response to real challenges that you're facing
And it may backfire with some recipients if that is an outcome you're prepared to face these gift ideas might be for you
If not try more constructive means for approaching the nagging mother-in-law the overbearing boss
the faithless lover
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Diane Oh plastic knives. Yeah. Yeah, I know
I know. Wait you got me and John the same present. Yeah, I know
Can I just say a quick question here. I got you a cuckoo clock because I know I
Know what you've done to me in my own house
And also here's a big spoon John you pot-stirrer. I got you the big spoon and her the little spoon because I know
everything. I know
Ding-dong cuckoo cuckoo. Wait, you actually made the bird say cuckoo. Yes
I did a lot of free time since you've been entertaining my wife and you you recognize that voice. That's Steve Goomba
I got him to do it on cameo
Worth it. Can I also just say real big just a little note?
I love that they say these might backfire it is unclear to me what the front fire hope is like
What were you hoping would fire out of me? I guess you got me
I love this and it's taught me a lesson about not bugging you. I guess the last one is just an image
I want maybe we can share it on the sushi after this episode comes up
I'm gonna send it to you guys in a minute
But the title is for those bad folks bad-mouthing you while their glass house reveals that one or both of them are married to someone else
Paper mache initials painted red either with a craft brooch pin on the back or hanger for a tree
Most won't get the scarlet letter reference, but you will that's fucking well
What's even wilder is that that tool tip is accompanied by this image?
Which I've just sent to you boys on slack
What
This is deep. This is a deep. This is a demon
This is a demon with the current
It looks like a monster from a Dragon Ball or something like somebody's like kind of a lot a sloppy one
I'm kind of falling down a hole slow
it's like a
looks like somebody was doing like their math homework and started doodling on the side of this and
Like I got real like just got way too into this creature. They were making
The the the picture is wild for those folks bad-mouthing you while their glass house reveals that one or both of them are married
to someone else
What is that? What? What is that Mary?
What does that mean one or both of them how to reveal people? You knows his infidelities use this demon
This demon will shout in the middle of the city. Hey, I heard that John Judith were together John and Judith been
Anyways, here's an ornament for your Christmas tree. It's a scarlet letter. We couldn't find an a though. So it's a D
Do it. Do you get it still anyway time to turn you all into stone?
That's not part of the thing. That's just for me. That's for me
So also Stephen said he wants to try to work it out still and that's really how to zap
Zap them folks. You hate those with nice things from Williamson Sonoma. Oh
Okay. Yeah, Justin is broadcasting so hard. He's having a nosebleed. So it's time to go to the money's on no
I want to I mean, okay, we can channel that energy
In the money zone, I guess. Yeah, you guys got this. I'll be right back
Hey Griffin, this isn't for the show, but I was wondering do you know anything?
About babble that you could tell me not not like all like off-air. Oh
Shit. Yeah
Yeah, it's like a like dope way to learn a new language
Because it's just like it's so easy
You do these like 15 minute lessons that make it so simple to learn a new language on the go
Yeah, and like they have 14 different languages
Including Spanish French Italian and German they have German. Yeah
Yes, and they also it's not just like you they are like say
Bueno and then they're like we trust that you said it, right?
They have speech recognition technology that helps you improve your pronunciation and accent. Oh, I could really use that
I know. Do you have any way that I could like save money on it though?
I mean they do
Unfortunately not for us but for our listeners
Yes, because when you purchase a three-month babble subscription, you can get an additional three months for free
That's six months for the price of three
If you go to babble.com and use promo code my brother all one word, that's a b a b b e l.com code
My brother babble language for life. Wait, hold on Griffin
Are we not supposed to be using our own promo codes because I do that all the time. Am I gonna get in trouble?
I did actually just sign up for something that we have advertised for in the past and
Punched in my promo go like I heard about this one from a little show from my three favorite guys
Oh, it really helps us out when you do that. Yeah. Sure. Thanks to everybody who does that. This is yours yours turn juice
Okay
Well, allow me to step in here and tell you all about honey. You shove some toilet paper runos or what?
What I see irrelevant
Listen, let me tell you about
I gotta throw in the flag Justin. No, I can keep going
If you if you are running low on stuff like new t-shirts or toilet paper then you got to go shopping online
They don't have they don't have stores anymore
You gotta go online and your best friend for online shopping is honey
Honey is like if you're at a real store like a physical store and you every tag you got to take a peek
Inside the tag and you had a friend's like here. This is not this much. Let me fix this for you
That's what honey does it checks for when you're shopping online it checks for codes and things like that to help you save
Real money. Let me put it this way say you wanted to watch the movie honey
With your honey while you eat honey
Yeah, honey can help you with that honey can help you with that over 17 million members over two billion dollars
Wow savings, that's billion with a beam. I actually could not tell because of your
Condition this isn't about me. It's about honey
I this is what I really use all the time and it's always such a delight because I I've saved like
20-30 bucks on a purchase before it's wild
And and and you also don't have that lingering like even when honey doesn't have a code for you
You know that you're getting the best deal right and that's that's very refreshing
If you don't already have honey, you could be missing out on free savings
It's literally literally free and installs in just a few seconds and by getting it
You'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this podcast
Get honey for free at join honey calm slash brother. That's join honey calm slash brother
Hi, I'm Jesse Thorne America's Radio Sweetheart, and I'm Jordan Morris boy detective our comedy podcast
Jordan Jesse go just celebrated its
15th anniversary it was a couple months ago, but we forgot
Yeah, completely our silly show is 15 years old
That makes it old enough to get its learners permit and almost old enough to get the talk Wow
I hope you got the talk before then a lot of things have changed in 15 years
Our show is not one of them. We're never changing and you can't make us
Jordan Jesse go the same forever at maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
Prepare yourself for the greatest pro wrestling podcast spectacular known as tights and fights
A fact-frobbing audio showcase that helps you understand the world of pro wrestling with a lot of love and no toxic
masculinity
Featuring host Danielle Radford time to kick butt and chew gum and I'm all out of butts
Lindsay Kal
I'm a brutal Brit and my fists were made to punch and hit and Hal
Loveland, I was doing the voiceover this whole time
Here us talk about pro wrestling's greatest triumphs and failures and make fun of its weekly
Absurdities on the perfect wrestling podcast tights and fights
Every Saturday, Saturday, Saturday on maximum fun
If that doesn't win us the best advertising on a podcast award like Justin playing through the pain
I don't know what will you know what I mean? Like no one else is out here playing hurt everybody
Conan O'Brien gets a nosebleed and he takes two weeks off. Yeah, you know what I mean? Like
I think consistently producing a good
Quality show is probably the best way to get awards
Okay, Griffin. Yeah, but what about stunts? There we go
Can we do a stunt right now? I'm gonna freeze myself in a block of ice and hang over time
I'm gonna freeze myself in a block of ice and hang over time square for the rest of this episode
I could do the I could do we finally have saltines. I could do the saltine challenge if we need a stunt
Finally, how long have you been looking?
For the saltine. I just happen to have saltines now as we're recording and thinking about saltines and stunts came came up
That's all yeah saying cool. So I don't badass man
I don't need to do this stunt though. If you guys think it's kind of like childish
I mean, it's definitely childish, but that doesn't mean you don't need to do it
But I'd like you to do it on your own first to see how it goes because if you dies
I would like it to not be on the phone with me
That's not funny. It doesn't have to be funny. It'll go
What?
like if I do it by myself, then I'll know how it'll go and then I do it here and it's like
Whatever, you know what I mean? You don't think David Blaine practices his stunts at home
No, every time he's like fuck. I hope I hope this works. I fucked it up again. I'm gonna put myself in a giant fishbowl
Can you swim? No, no, I can't. Bye
um, yeah, like I did uh, I
speaking of dares the um
Arby's has a new diablo dare sandwich. Yeah, right. Yeah, you can get it in like
beef
Or chicken. Are you saying beef?
Beef? They have it in beef
and it's like you could get it and it's supposed to be like
This is so fucking spicy do a tiktok of how you eat it. It'll kill you. It'll die in real life
and I tried it it's like
A little spicy. It was like it's just a little spicy
Cool, man
Well, I recorded the audio because I was thinking like oh this will be so fun
I'll play it on the show and like it'll be great to bring to the show and it's just this audio of me like
Like eating a mildly spicy sandwich. It's like this is a pod. This isn't even podcast worthy
And that's saying something
Yeah
Uh, is this a munch squad? Are we did you back door? Okay
No, it's just just friends talking about but we don't but it's not a bit. You know what I mean?
What do you mean? Well on this show we do on this show we do bits
Oh, so you prefer me to be like dumb
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba yeah, that's good. Um, exactly
I want a munch
No, i'm not going to go
I want a munch squad
Welcome our squad it's podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating
I have two lessons for you real quick
There are some levels of energy that I feel comfortable i'm eating you at
And then there are some that I just can't, I can't get to.
Yeah.
That didn't confront me.
It's all good.
Okay.
It didn't bother me.
I'm out here on my own, a star sailor, you know?
I've always said that about you.
Yes.
I don't need a tether.
I'm like the little prince.
I just grabbed a comet, my net, and I'm zooming away.
You know, it's all right.
You can't come with me.
Oh, I did mean to tell you,
I finished that drawing of a sheep you asked me for,
but I did draw it inside a box so it wouldn't eat your rose.
Here you go.
That's an NFT, so that is going to cost you
about 50,000.
Our line of NFTs is coming.
Yes.
It's all little prince-themed.
It's all little prince-themed.
Make sure you water the NFTs roots and not their petals.
Thank you very much.
God, guys, if you missed a few weeks ago
when Richard Karn was like, I'm fully doing an NFT,
and then everybody's like, fuck off.
And then he's like, I've thought about this.
Now is not the right time for me to enter the NFT market.
Yeah, now is not the moment for my NFT.
So McDonald's is going to start serving fan-inspired mashups.
Huh.
Menu hacks.
Order by name and build by hand.
Do you know what I'm saying to you right now?
What I'm saying to you is you will order the menu hack,
they will give you the components of the hack,
then you do it.
Huh.
Then you make this.
That seems like the opposite of why I go to a place
to get food. It feels like them
trying to limit their liability, right?
Like you order it and they'll give it to you,
but they're not going to hand it to you.
Like they're not going to,
they're going to hand you the bullets and the pistol,
but they're not actually going to load it for you.
I still want you to feel like it's a hack.
And also they don't want to do the work.
But it's kind of bad-ass, right?
It's kind of like Korean barbecue, you know?
When is McDonald's going to install a grill
right there in the middle of my car,
come into my car, make the burger for me while I watch?
I got two of these to get through.
This is starting January 31st, only in the app.
I want you guys to guess what these are.
The first one is a gimme, hash brown McMuffin.
Is it McMuffin with a hash brown?
Oh, it's a McMuffin with a hash brown, yeah.
Sausage McMuffin with egg and hash brown.
Great. Yum.
That should already be a thing, by the way.
What is that? Intuders parlance.
Is that a mountain ear?
I think that's a mountain ear.
I only get a raw beef, so I don't know.
Crunchy double.
Yeah.
This is a sausage sandwich with bacon on it?
No, this is the-
That is the only breakfast offering.
The rest of these are lunch and dinner offering.
Is this a chicken sandwich with bacon on it?
Is this a hamburger with a fried chicken patty on it?
No, very close though.
The crunchy double is a double cheeseburger
with six chicken McNuggets and barbecue sauce.
Well, those are just going to fall
all over the fucking place.
Yeah, it should just be one patty.
Next up is the surf and turf.
Now, this one I know.
This is Filet-O-Fish and a hamburger.
That is correct, Travis.
Well, no, it's incorrect.
It's a double cheeseburger.
Okay, whatever.
Oh, that's a lot of patties then, huh?
It's a lot of patties,
but not as much as the land, air, and sea.
Now, this one I also horrifyingly know.
This is a double cheeseburger with Filet-O-Fish
and a chicken patty.
Well, no, it's a Big Mac with a McChicken and a Filet-O-Fish.
You knew what I meant, Justin.
No, Travis, you said a double.
That would be four- The three menu items.
If you want to see, look at this.
Fuck, yes.
Yes.
Feed my family for a week.
Yes.
You said- Those are.
I thought you said five offerings.
No, just four.
They're beautiful.
They're beautiful.
You can order them in the app and, ah, damn it.
Justin bled too much.
Are we in a new season or is there a new donut out?
Hello, boys.
It's donut-based.
What a pleasure it is to be with you.
Hi, there.
Oh, there's blood everywhere here.
Oh, God.
Oh, I didn't even consider.
I'm getting so incredibly hungry.
Did you come from inside?
Do you come from ins-
Hold on, I must lick Justin's face.
Do you eat blood?
I thought you ate donuts.
Is- I don't discriminate.
They're two different things.
Is donut just your name?
Count donut.
I love donuts aesthetically, but-
Oh, okay.
That which sustains you no longer sustains me.
Oh, that's horrible.
You love donuts, but you can't eat them.
I could.
Oh, you can eat them.
I don't prefer-
They make them very sick.
Yeah.
Like, I can eat donuts, but if I ate blood,
I would get a big tummy ache.
I have a gluten intolerance.
Oh, no.
Your only weakness.
That's what makes this story so perfect for me.
Okay.
Krispy Kreme is of art.
I'm Count Donut.
If this is your first time listening,
if this is their first time listening,
they already turned it off, yeah.
Yeah, they're gone.
Krispy Kreme offers a free dozen
to Red Cross blood donors.
How sick.
A dozen donuts if I just give away a little bit of blood?
The American Red Cross is facing
its worst blood shortage in over a decade,
and Krispy Kreme has announced it will thank everyone
who donates blood or platelets January 24th through 31st.
This includes my favorite donation, Power Red.
Do you know about this?
Delicious.
They just take out the blood and put back in the stuff
they don't need.
Fantastic.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Since then, severe weather has further complicated efforts
to rebuild the Red Cross blood supply,
including hundreds of blood drives
canceled due to winter storms.
Due to the severity of the shortage,
the Red Cross continues to limit certain blood product
distributions to hospitals, depending on current inventories,
which seems like perhaps too much context
for a news story about free donuts, but I digress.
It's vital that donors continue to come forward
in the days and weeks.
And what's happening?
Well, Dave Skinner, the Krispy Kreme CMO, is here to help.
We're grateful for all that the American Red Cross
does for our country, and we want to help them.
Hopefully, a free original glazed dozen
will increase awareness.
Okay, you can't even spring for frosting, Dave.
Okay.
No, you don't get to pick, and you can't fight us for it
because you're weak from blood loss.
You will take what you are offered, you bloodless baby.
If I give two pints, can I get sprinkles?
If you give two pints, your only donut will be the grave.
It'll be the grave.
We're encouraging, oh, this is my, this is the good part.
We're also encouraging all of our employees
who can donate to do so, says Dave Skinner.
So in case your employer, Krispy Kreme,
has not offered you enough,
as if the labor shortage was not dire enough,
now this donut store is making its workers
give their succulent blood.
Do they also get the free dozen, though?
Or is that like?
This is a fantastic question.
I assume every Krispy Kreme employee is at home
with hundreds of donuts that will be inedible
by the following morning.
Cool, yeah, I don't see anything wrong
with any of that stuff.
People should go donate blood if they're able to.
Do you?
I mean, donuts are not, but.
Well, well, well, go do the right thing.
I'm Travis.
But for real, though, I've got so much blood.
And you know what I don't have?
12 donuts now.
Is it a, do you get a baker's dozen
or is it just a dozen?
Oh, this is an important question.
Is this a one-time offer?
Because I have a lot of pints saved up.
Oh, yeah.
That I could like turn in, like Pepsi points.
Yes, turn in your Pepsi points.
My Pepsi points of blood, my pint points.
I never get cuts or scrapes
because of the way that my incredibly sedentary lifestyle.
So I must have, I must be like a tick.
Like so much. Deeply engorged.
So engorged.
This is unfortunate timing in a way
because Justin just gave blood last week.
Are you able to like show the receipt and get it still?
Yes, yes. Guys, hold on a sec.
Hold on, sorry.
The sound on my track is gonna be weird for a second.
There's a parade outside on the street for Justin
for giving blood and they're making a lot of noise.
They're chanting, Justin, Justin, he gave blood.
He's a good guy.
Didn't even do it for donuts or nothing.
Well, this is the problem that he now faces.
If he redeems this offer,
with the general sort of like body
he's walking around the earth in,
if he goes the Krispy Kreme,
they are going to know two things immediately.
One, this man drove an hour to get these free donuts.
And two, this man gave his blood to get these donuts.
What? What? What?
How desperately does this man love Krispy Kremes?
There's a cost in gas for your car to drive that far.
And there's also a cost in body gas, which is blood.
The gasoline for your body.
Right.
But anyway, if you are able to donate,
please find a drive near you.
Go to redcrossblood.org or 1-800-RED-CROSS.
People need this delicious blood.
There's something, something tells me
that might've been a little more effective.
I can tell from Justin's, he's a positive.
Yeah, would have been more effective
had it not been in Count Donut's voice,
but a good message.
I just like, it makes me feel relaxed
knowing that there are buildings
that hold oodles of free, delicious blood.
Okay, this is why I'm saying
that you might be kind of undermining,
like, it's fine.
It's great, yeah, do that.
I just buy the blood types.
I steal the blood types that nobody wants.
The shitty ones.
Like D.
Yeah.
If you have D, I steal the shit.
Why is your blood so chunky?
Oh, it's a...
I love a chunky blood.
Well, thanks Count Donut.
This was the first sort of, I don't know,
beneficial service you've ever provided, maybe.
Who's Count Donut?
Now, you know who Count Donut is, Justin.
You know who Count Donut is.
This is not part of the,
is this a My Brother, My Brother, Me character?
Because I don't know.
You've never listened to...
No, why would I listen to my own podcast?
It's wild.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where'd all my blood go?
Wait, does he drain it from the inside?
I had no, I had piles of it surrounding me.
Oh, what?
Yeah, it's all gone.
Didn't you just donate blood?
Oh no, you know what?
I didn't even think about this, Griffin.
I did donate blood.
Thank you for bringing that up, by the way.
Not enough people have really celebrated me for that.
I just wish there was a way
that I could get free donuts out of it.
That is what we need.
You should wicked listen to our show sometime.
Okay, yeah, I'll check it out.
It's pretty funny sometimes.
We do skits.
Yeah, nice.
How about another question?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I work for a funeral home.
My boss expects me to hand out business cards.
I would love to reach out to families that need us,
but how on earth do I do this
without looking like capitalist vulture?
That's from embalming in the Emerald City.
That's interesting.
That's interesting.
Speak on that.
I guess they can't.
No, they're not here.
Yeah, that's not possible.
I think you have to,
your only option here is to be a pickpocket
that can sort of slip these into people's.
No, because that's terrifying.
It's terrifying, right?
I mean, it's beyond terrifying.
That's worse.
You have described the worst version of this.
It's good.
Now that we've found bottom,
let's crawl up from here.
The worst version is like you see someone,
like a little kid playing chess with their peepaw
in the park and you go over to the little kid
and like, mm, peepaw, huh?
Just keep this in mind.
And you hand them a business card.
Sorry, wait, stop.
Hand the kid a business card?
Yeah, that's the worst version.
I'm saying that's the worst version of like,
you do need to clarify for me
if you are handing the card to the child.
To the child.
You are assuming we'll be the executor
of Peepaw's Miss Fortune.
Peepaw's not gonna do it, he's dead.
Yeah, Peepaw.
Yes, but.
Okay.
No one's playing with their own elderly father in the park.
It's always grandchildren and peepaw, Justin.
When was the last time you and dad sat down at the park
to play a round of chess?
This is the problem with funeral homes
is that they only do that.
You know?
If I see a sign for a funeral home while I'm driving around,
I'll avert my eyes, because I don't need it right now.
You know what I mean?
I don't need the anxiety, I don't need the existential,
all that stuff.
I just don't, whatever, it's bumming me out,
I'm not gonna pay attention.
But, if the sign said, embalming Aunt Fro-yo.
Ooh.
Then I might stop in
and start to get a little bit more comfortable,
work through these deeply American ideas
about death and mortality and stuff like that.
Cause like, oh, I know that place,
that's where I get Fro-yo.
So you can hand me a little business card and be like,
you look like someone who's going to live
a long natural life, but also enjoys Fro-yo.
So why don't you hold onto this card?
It's a punch card.
And it does have the number for you.
It does.
I'll have some cases.
That's just okay.
But, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Can I take it and add a little spice?
Add a little flavor?
That's what you do, Travis, that's what you do here.
That's why they call you the spice man.
The spice, let's flip.
Funeral home slash arcade, right?
And you can turn in tickets.
That's great for the kids too.
Well, and here's the great thing about it, right?
Funerals, ugh, so expensive, right?
Big lump sum.
But over time, I'm paying in quarters over like 20 years
and then I can cash in those tickets.
And it's like, oh, that very nice gasket?
You're going to need 20,000 tickets for that.
I don't think there should be,
for my idea to be a good one, and we all know it is,
I don't think there can be any connection
between the two businesses.
It's literally just about knowing,
oh, that's the place, I do know of one funeral home,
it's the place where I go to play spin to win
and get giant inflatable teddy bears.
You know what I mean?
There's no connection between the two businesses.
It's like how sometimes there's a Chili's 2
inside an airport.
No one would go to an airport
if there weren't restaurants there.
Well, I think they would
because of the main function of an airport.
But I see what you're saying.
Listen.
I don't know what they have against Southwest Egg Rolls.
They're already there.
It's Googling and Yelping places to go
for a not bummer thing already kind of sucks, right?
When it's like, oh, well, we have to go find a notary public
or whatever, let's get on Yelp to find the right one.
That sucks.
Having to do that for, it's like, oh man,
Peep's Paw beefed it.
Who does good?
Hey guys, who does good death parties?
It's like, oh shit, I don't know.
So maybe giving them a business card is upfront,
pretty terrible.
But when Peepo falls down that big hole and does pass away,
to be able to be like, fuck.
Well, at least we got this great recommendation
on this business card.
And we don't have to go around searching
for who does the best dead parties
because we know that they've got it on lockdown.
Now, Griffin, you've made me think
that it might be a branding issue.
Funeral home, bummer.
End game strategist.
Awesome.
I love that.
This is what I'm saying because I don't want to go,
oh, if I'm getting up there and it's like,
I need to plan this shit out.
I don't want to go to a funeral.
But if I can do the Nintendo helpline of dying,
fuck yeah, dude.
I'm doing that.
Encore.
Ooh.
Encore.
One more number.
One more performance.
Encore.
Ooh, I like that.
Welcome to Curtain Call Embalming.
Final countdown.
Welcome to Curtain Call Embalming and Arcade.
Ooh, I like that.
That's good.
Oh yeah, I like that.
And you know what?
We're looking to expand it into go-karts in the spring.
Oh man, this would create a weird dynamic though
for kids who aren't that close to their great grandparents,
who like, we want them to live a nice, long, natural life.
But do understand that when something does go wrong,
they will get to go, they will get to go play skee-ball.
Great pappy, great pappy.
Just checking in.
How are you feeling today?
Because I did just get my allowance
and I need to know if I should save it or not.
Can I spend it?
Are you going to be kicking another week?
I wish nothing but the best for you.
I'm just trying to do some financial planning here.
And I do have a $10 bill
and I need to know if I should save it for skee-ball
or is it cool to go ahead?
Oh, what?
Did you just cough?
Okay, I'm going to put that right here
in the old banger roomie.
Let me hit you with this, Funeral Home.
And this one is just like outdoor celebration.
Just kick my dead ass body down the hole raw and bury me.
And then DJ Khaled is like, all right, let's fucking,
let's get it started.
And also Funnel Cakes.
Funnel Cakes could be there.
We all love Griffin.
He did a great job.
Here's a rebranding, Container Store.
Okay.
Okay.
Like in the back room of the Container Store there is.
Or Bed Bath and Beyond is also already right there.
Way, way beyond.
Yeah, that's fun.
Bed Bath and the Great Beyond.
All right, hey, thank you so much
for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We are so thrilled to be here with you every week
to share a little time with you.
We're so flattered that you have made that choice yet again.
If you enjoyed this week's show,
and we almost never mentioned this,
but it would be very helpful if you would like rate
or review the show or, you know what?
Just tell a friend like, hey,
I know it seems overwhelming to get on board
with the 595th.
But this is when it's starting to get good.
But it's just starting to get good.
Hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song.
My life is better with you.
And for everything.
And for just everything.
All of her incredible artistic contributions to humanity.
Back in WW2, Montaigne saved me.
There was an army of tanks bearing down on me.
And out of nowhere, Montaigne came, shredded on a guitar,
and it sent out powerful sound waves
that cut the tanks in two.
But also, it created peace.
We played soccer for a little bit.
All right.
Yeah, it was awesome.
There's new merch out on Tuesday.
You can check that out at macromerch.com.
We got a brand new pen of the month.
It's Sawbone's number two books based on a recent episode.
I'll let you put all that together.
And that benefits the National Black Women's
Justice Institute.
They research, elevate, and educate the public
about innovative community-led solutions
to address the criminalization of black women and girls.
So a great cause.
And 20 rendezvous pens.
We got two pens, one prom style of us,
and one of the three of us floating on a tandem bike.
You know, basic stuff.
They're available individually or as a pair.
Those are designed by Lucas Hespenheide.
And that's at Moosley based on Twitter.
And we've got an I'm Not Ashamed of My Clown Husband sticker
designed by Jacob Bailey at JSBailey817 on Twitter.
And that benefits the Huntington Children's Museum,
which is creating child-centered spaces that
promote exploration and a love for learning through play.
I also, man, if you like gaming,
I've been doing a lot of Fortnite recently
on my Twitch page, twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy.
I'm having fun.
And surprisingly, I'm not terrible at it.
So come on over and check that out
and check out our YouTube channel
where Griffin has been doing a Legend of Zelda run.
Speak on that, Griffin.
Oh, that's interesting.
Speak on that.
I've been playing a randomized link to the past game
as Guy Fieri, but also I die in a single hit.
And it's been, I've been making slow but steady progress.
I'm very proud of you for that.
Justin, anything you want to promote?
Nope. Nope.
Okay. Empty Bowl.
No. Okay.
Empty Bowl is a meditative serial podcast
that Justin has- Stop.
No, I'll promote it. I'll promote it.
End of show. Okay.
It's a meditative podcast about the cereal.
It's very relaxing. Okay.
Griffin, bring us home, baby.
Yeah, it's from Yahoo! was sent in by Raj.
Thanks, Raj.
It's from Yahoo! answers user, Plippins,
who asks, do you,
this one was sent in by Raj.
It's asked by Plippins, who asks,
who's,
Quack, quack, quack.
Where to, how?
So far, so good.
How?
That's one of the classics. Plippins, how?
That's one of the big ones.
Yeah, that's one of the main questions.
Why? Let's do a why.
Why is it, hey guys, it's me, Plippins.
Why is it that?
What is the?
Well, he tried what?
And that didn't seem to go anywhere either.
Why doesn't seem to be getting me there either?
Is this all what Plippins wrote?
Yeah.
Hey guys, it's me, Plippins.
I don't actually think I'm gonna get there this time, guys.
And I don't know, no, no, no, I don't know what that means.
Like, is this, do we?
Does the show not end?
I mean, is the show continuing after the file had stopped?
Griffin, try, I'm just gonna throw up the land before time.
Is that anything?
Hey guys, it's me, Plippins.
Do they make baby gas drops for big boys like me?
Plippins?
Hey guys, it's me, Plippins.
If I take a lot of baby medicine,
does it count just as big boy medicine?
Thanks, it's me, Plippins.
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother and my brother make kids who dance grow the lips.
I punish them precisely because the Evet Universe incident
is happening because I help keep my diet improvements.
Hey, I'mLip .
I'm from the Yes Universe area.
So, I have to learn a lesson in our community
and I'm planning to visit those places yourself.
Okay, this week, I'm going to meet this guy.
He was really somebody.
So, I've got to meet this guy today,
and he's a first grader who became a
Goiyori.
I can't wait to meet this guy because
I'm going up control of my Corona.
And to get to know him, I'm going to make him
meet my big brother.
And we're meeting the real dude,
It's a battle with you
