The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy, and I'm doing this one shirtless.
I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy, and I'm wearing multiple shirts to make up for that fact.
I am your baby brother, Griffin McElroy, and I am talking to you with my wiener.
Ladies and gentlemen.
You're not curious about that at all. You're already moving on. You don't want to know how
it's working.
I don't want to think about it.
Is it like a ventriloquist, puppetry of the penis kind of thing?
I can't do this with you.
It's sort of, it is sort of puppetry of the penis. Yes, Travis, except it's very,
it's a very literal translation of that idea. Let's just say I've been working on my urethra
control. Justin, you want to keep going or?
Yeah, I'm just gonna, okay.
Ladies, let me paint you a picture.
I have just arrived from the shower. I've got my two tight Levi's on.
My hair is still dripping wet.
Uh, do you guys, you guys know Joe Mangliano, the, uh, the, the werewolf from True Blood?
Are you talking about this?
Imagine, imagine him, except now imagine Joe Pantliano from The Matrix.
That's what you're getting right now.
Or perhaps actress Tea Eliano.
Or perhaps Chuck Mangione.
Imagine Luigi and Mario.
Combined into one horrible person.
Just arms and legs and mustaches everywhere. That's me right now.
This is an advice show for the modern era where we take your quandaries
and we turn them alchemy-like into, into wisdom and knowledge and, and I think growth.
I think that's really our, our sort of focus has been in 2012 is growth.
I want everyone to better themselves and I want to be the vehicle upon which
you ride to betterness town.
We want to be the hoverboard that you take to better city.
That was the, uh, that was actually the title of Joel Osteen's last book.
What's the hoverboard you take to-
Don't get fucking brainy with us trying to say names that you think people know.
No, he's the religious guy.
He's the, he's the mega preacher.
So is he, oh, so he's like the, the religious version of like Malcolm Gladwell or-
No, he's the religious version of Tony Robbins, basically.
Tony Robbins is, is anti-religion?
No, Tony Robbins teaches you to believe in yourself.
And Joel Osteen teaches you that God believes enough for the both of you.
There's a tiny God inside of you that you should also believe in.
Does he have giant teeth?
They all do.
You really can't be a leader of men without big, big chompers.
That is leadership.
I'm surprised that we, the vehicle that we used to start the show wasn't my recent engagement.
It's not like I get that it's like already old news, I guess, for you guys.
Well, you were keeping, I thought you were keeping it like a secret.
I mean, like you haven't gotten it to social media.
Well, just because I haven't tweet blasted it,
you think I'm fucking ashamed of my, of my new bride-to-be?
You're saying this is an exclusive for NBNB AM listeners.
Oh, we're dropping this bomb.
Sorry, ladies.
Heart's broken.
Sorry, ladies.
The whole crew is taken.
And suddenly a gasp went out from across the land.
Sorry, ladies and so inclined dudes.
Well, there's more than a few.
And over affectionate dogs.
Well, I'll take it where I can get it, I guess.
Are you saying what I think you're saying, Travis?
Listen, dogs won't fuck this.
I can't say, I can't like, I am flattered.
That's all I'm going to say about the matter is that I'm flattered.
But no, but I can't anymore.
Legally, I legally can't or else she will take me.
She will take everything.
You've built something.
You're trying to build something.
We're trying to build something.
I told you not to sign that pre preenup.
Yeah, it's a pre pre.
And it is, let's just say, it does not favor this guy.
Let's just say, if shit go rough, I'm going to need a place to crash for a while.
I got a fruit on, so.
Pardon?
You know you're going to have to explain what that is, right?
Like, why did you even pause?
It's a fruit on that I left an apple on for you to eat.
So there's literally fruit on it.
Continental breakfast, baby.
If you're good, you get a croissant there.
Where?
We're registered at Bath and Body Works, if you want to.
Just Bath and Body Works?
Just Bath and Body Works, yeah.
Both of our skin is just so fucking ashy.
Like, we need it.
You should have gone to Bed and Breakfast and Bath and Body Works and beyond.
The quint.
The quintuple, big.
You should have gone to Better Business Bureau, Bed Bath Works and beyond.
I had all these goos prepared to talk about it.
Like, how I proposed to her by firing her ring at her from a t-shirt cannon.
She was tragically killed, and now she's on the mark again.
I had to dig it out of her arm, but it was very romantic after that.
After that one hiccup.
I feel like this is going to be a really good one.
I think shirt, maybe I've been, by doing it shirted for so long,
that I've been hiding my lighter under a bushel a little bit.
Yeah, I think so too.
But when I'm around, if you could keep that bushel on hand still,
that would be great for me.
Well, I don't want to expel all my energy.
Hey, let's get into some advice here.
I want to help some people.
Congratulations, Griffin.
Oh, thanks, brothers.
Oh, God.
I don't need to congratulate you on our program.
I did it in, like, real life in a private ceremony.
Millions of people didn't fucking hear that, Justin.
I want them to know that you approve.
Okay, okay.
Millions?
Yeah.
You're assuming that, like, after our crime spree,
profilers by the millions are going to return to these clips
and look for clues that they missed along the way.
Once my episode of Doomsday Preppers goes live,
like, my Google profile is going to explode.
I can't keep up with all these alerts.
I'm getting Google alerts daily.
Thank you, Doomsday Preppers.
I really hitched it.
Hey, Griffin.
Hey, what?
I just want to say I'm very proud of you and congratulations.
Yeah, I love you.
Well, thank you, Travis.
Justin, it just feels kind of, it feels a little...
A little hollow.
Feels a little forced at this point.
I shouldn't really have to ask for it.
Have you guys decided what reality TV shows
you're going to be participating in?
Are we going to go...
Great question.
Say Yes to the Dress, Amazing Race,
Say Yes to the Dress Atlanta.
I'm doing, actually, O3 Weddings.
What's three weddings?
Three weddings that you've never seen
where three different women are getting married
and then they go to each other's weddings,
or is it like four weddings?
I don't know.
There's multiple weddings,
and then they judge each other's weddings,
and then whoever they decide had the best wedding
gets a free honeymoon.
Hmm.
That really is quite atrocious, but...
I was thinking we would just do Doomsday Preppers,
but like a wedding edition.
Oh, so romantic.
So like, maybe we could plan on getting married
right on December 23rd.
Right on December 21st, 2012.
And then like, just sort of get ready for old Quetzie
to come out of the ground and swallow his whole.
But like, maybe we do it romantically planning around that.
19 days left, people.
19 days left.
What if we mount him and ride him into the heavens
with our love?
Now that would be a truly...
That's technically eloping, I think.
I think so too.
Let's get into the advice.
Let's get into the questions.
I'm ready to help.
I have a coworker who has a language issue.
He seems to think the phrase...
Okay.
Okay.
He seems to...
God, you are 14 years old.
Okay, I can do this.
I can do this.
He seems to think the phrase blow my load
means the same as the phrase blow my top.
He uses it frequently to describe when he feels angry.
Needless to say, I'll find this hilarious,
but I don't want him to hurt his career
with the use of this phrase.
Should I ruin this beautiful situation by telling him
or keep it a secret until he gets old?
That's from Amused in New Orleans.
Is it possible that your coworker
just finds really random shit erotic?
Yeah.
I swear to God, if the boss tells me
to finish our report sooner one more time,
I'm gonna blow my load.
Maybe he's like a very...
He's a weird sort of like S&M guy
where it's not like he wants a lady to step on his balls.
He just kind of wants the printer to act up, you know?
He kind of just wants to, you know,
forget his lunch at home.
Carlene, if you don't get back in here
and make a pot of coffee after you finished it,
I'm gonna blow my load all over, all over the place.
Carlene.
Oh, God. I don't have anybody like this in my life.
You understand that this person is a unicorn
and this thing doesn't really happen.
It only happens in American Pie movies.
Why the fuck would you ruin it by telling them?
Yeah, you are currently working
with a mid-90s S&L Rob Schneider character
and you need to just keep that roll rolling, you know?
Keep it going.
I'm also willing to bet that if you even like
voice a concern about telling him,
you will be swarmed by like 30 different people
who've been like, Todd, you can't.
Todd, you can't tell him.
This is all I've got, Todd.
My family life is shit.
Think about this, Amuse in New Orleans.
If some other crankster had come along
and fixed this before you got to it,
we would never have heard of it.
Think about that for a second.
That's true.
And it wouldn't have brought joy to my life.
Also think about the fact that if you talk to this guy,
that's gonna be in the Guinness Book of World Records
for the shittiest conversation ever.
Cause it's gonna go, hey, Todd,
that thing you've been saying, it means coming.
And then he's gonna fall to his knees
and he's gonna lash himself.
Here's the thing.
If you tell him, if you're the guy who tells him,
you are immediately responsible for every single time
he has said that and you have not corrected him.
Oh, great point, Justin.
Cause he's gonna sit there and think,
well, I said it to you when the boss's niece was around
and you didn't say shit.
You just let me keep saying it.
What's the matter with you?
Oh, hey, by the way, it means coming.
It does mean coming, sir.
If everybody doesn't know.
I mean, they know.
Everybody but this gentleman knows it.
Everybody except this gentleman has read 50 Shades of Grey.
And that's all they say in that book is like.
I'm gonna go blow my load.
Blowing my load.
But they also use it inappropriately too.
So the woman will actually say,
oh, Christian, blow my load all over the place.
That doesn't, I don't understand.
Well, I've seen a few videos.
Sorry, Nani.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'll give you Yahoo.
It's Yahoo.
I didn't mean to say that so sexually.
Why is it all getting dirty?
I don't know.
Let's get innocent.
Let's revive the innocence.
This one was sent in by Steve Lewis.
Thank you, Steve.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Boris, who asks,
can doctors do plastic surgery on animals?
I would like to make my cat look more Garfield.
He's already a ginger tomcat,
but all it would require would be some large cheek implants
and he would be the pitting image of Garfield.
What would this sort of surgery cost?
Your soul.
Yeah, really.
And also more importantly, your cat's life
because no way would a cat survive that.
It is becoming more of a thing.
People are getting into it.
For instance, if your dog has a lot of sagging
and their skin is covering their eyes from all the sagging,
then you can get that fixed.
I swear, I saw a Sharpay the other day.
It looked like Joan Rivers.
It was horrifying.
Okay.
Also, then you got nauticals.
What about that?
That's pet plastic surgery, right?
I don't know what you're, I don't know what you're saying.
Well, you put balls on their fingers.
No, nauticals are when you give them testicular implants
after you remove their nudes.
Why does it have such an adorable name?
I know, they sound, here's my problem, they sound delicious.
If you give me a ranch flavor nautical,
I might actually go to town on that.
If you can give me cool ranch.
Yeah, I went to Macaroni Grill
and they had a special for endless bowl of nauticals.
It was delicious.
Justin, if I came home for the holidays to your house
and your cat turned around at me
and it had a pure like Garfield face,
like from the CGI Garfield movie,
there would be a Griffin shaped hole in your wall.
Adios.
It would be like, hi, every, why?
And I wouldn't be there anymore.
I wouldn't be there anymore.
And I would never be there ever again.
Does this gentleman, Boris not realize
that when he does this for the rest of his cat's
brief horrible life, every time somebody sees it
and goes, what the fuck?
He's like, yeah, I had those put in.
That's gonna end that friendship or whatever it is.
The mailman will no longer come by.
He'll probably be taken to prison.
Also, I think that the surgery,
it would require some maintenance
because I'm pretty sure that we would be dealing with a like
Rocky from mask scenario within days.
Yeah, they'll scratch there.
They scratch there.
What if they scratch their implant
and then it leaks all over the place?
You gotta clean that up.
That's another mess.
Aren't cats enough hassle?
Better yet, what kind of back alley veterinarian
do you think you're gonna find is gonna be like,
what do you wanna do?
Okay, cool.
Okay, you wanna put a fake voice box in,
make him sound like a Lorenzo music?
I can hear that.
I can adjust his taste buds,
make him just crave lasagna if you want.
Fuck it.
Yeah, my cat and I are going through
a several year long procedure
to make him more like Garfield.
He's got a plastic Garfield face surgery.
I give him electroshock therapy one day of the week.
I will let you guess which day.
You can probably suss it out.
Well, I gave him the shock collar
so every time my dog Odie comes around,
I hit it just so he gets a nice,
you know, nice intolerance towards the dog.
I'm currently getting iris removal
so I more resemble the character that owns him.
I have also broken up with my longtime girlfriend
so I am terribly alone.
And I dyed the lady cat next door pink
so I might be arrested for that one.
I know too much about Garfield.
Garfield.
Why is Garfield so funny,
but not in any way that his creator can harness?
Why is everyone else able to make Garfield funny,
but somehow the ability to elude it
escapes Jim Davis daily seven times a day.
This motherfucker can't get the funniest strip correct.
He is unable to see what he has made and use it for good.
It's one of those things where Garfield minus Garfield
is like some of the funniest shit around,
but if he had just drawn that strip,
it would have been fucking mind-blowingly terrible.
Ultimately, the comedy that we find in it
is a direct result of Jim Davis's impotence.
Right, his inability.
Right, exactly.
If he were more competent as an artist or creator,
then we wouldn't be, but see like, okay,
you look at Garfield minus Garfield
or really any sort of deconstructionist Garfield rap
that we have done,
if Jim Davis had the artistic ability
to kill his little darlings,
to have the sort of foresight,
that scalpel, that artistic scalpel
to cut away the inessentials of his comedy,
he could be one of the great ones.
Excuse me, Bill Watterson.
He could be the greatest comic artist of all time,
but he is unable.
He cannot see beyond his mediocrity.
But in a way though, isn't that his legacy?
I'm saying it's intentional.
I'm saying that Garfield, people wouldn't be talking,
Garfield wouldn't be as relevant as it is today,
which is to say incredibly relevant.
Sure, yeah.
If it was just like, if it was the funniest thing ever,
if it was Mad TV, you know?
Wait, excuse me?
That's a whole different rabbit hole.
I don't want to go down right now.
If it was the funniest thing ever, a la Mad TV,
then people wouldn't be talking about it
because there would be nothing to say,
except did you see the latest Garfield?
And people would say yes and say,
I laughed so hard that I forgot to feed my kids.
Here's the Garfield Wikipedia page
has actually been locked by Wikipedia
because of quote frequent vandalism.
It is a serious problem for the Garfield Wikipedia home.
I think he's great.
Hey, listen, I love Garfield.
There it is.
Hey, and also I have another thing.
My husband often makes plans that include me
and are at our house, but doesn't let me know of said plans.
I always find out my slash our weekend plans from one of our friends.
It's not that I don't want these plans to happen
and I don't need or want him to feel like
he has to ask me permission to arrange plans,
but it would be nice to know from him,
not a third party, what my weekend plans are.
How do I approach this gently?
That's from uninformed in Indianapolis.
Why must it be gentle?
Yeah, how about you say-
I feel like you'd be completely just fine and going,
hey Frank, what the fuck?
Hey Frank, we were gonna go see fucking Argo this weekend, you dummy.
I have the strangest feeling that maybe she has just told him
by writing into their favorite comedy and rice podcast.
Maybe.
I am so tired of being a pawn in your people's romantic relationships.
Stop using us to break bad news to your loved ones
and just start communicating.
How do you pull that off though?
Cause we're like 20 minutes deep now.
Do you think she just sat there for 20 minutes?
Sort of fidgeting, like waiting, just like, oh, hold on.
Something's gonna be really germane to where we are.
Yeah, you also have to remember Justin,
we get sent like 150 questions a week and we maybe do four.
So that's really a Russian roulette style of breaking news
cause after an hour and five minutes,
usually if we haven't said it, you gotta turn to him and go,
hey, by the way, tell me when you make fucking plans.
We're gonna go see Argo.
Why is he not making these plans with you?
That's why I went.
Uninformed?
Why isn't it saying, what do you want?
I understand being out in the world and you see some friends
and they're like, hey, what are you up to this weekend?
And you say, I don't know, let's hang out.
You know, you guys can stop by
and maybe play some cards or something.
But then your next step is to call your SO and be like,
hey honey, is this cool or should we figure something else out
or what were you thinking?
No one will leap to inconsiderate spousal behaviors
defense quicker than Travis will.
Travis needs to keep the bridge open
for whatever sort of inappropriate conduct
that he will employ in his own relationship.
I just happen to be a proponent of being a part of a whole,
you know, that you are a part of the relationship
that does not mean you have to constantly answer to them.
And she even says in the email
that she doesn't need him to check in with her
before he makes the plans.
I'm just saying that he's skipping a very important step,
which is like step two, tell her.
Oh man, I hate plans.
I hate them too.
You hate plans?
Oh, I hate plans.
You know, life is what happens when you're making other,
have you ever heard that?
I've heard, well, you didn't finish this.
Life is what happens when you're making.
Life is what happens when you're making other plans.
Think about it.
Think about that for a second.
That's horrible.
That's a really dark tunnel.
I hate plans, guys.
If I know I have nothing can ruin a weekend faster for me
than knowing I have plans.
You know what always kills me?
It's like I make the plans,
say on a Thursday to do something Saturday
and I'm like, yeah, okay, this is gonna be awesome.
We're all gonna hang out.
Then Friday, it's like, oh, we're doing that thing tomorrow.
And it's always like 10 minutes before the event.
Yes, and you're, oh, I don't wanna do this thing.
I want you to stay home, watch Star Wars.
I just got so comfortable.
That happens to me for concerts.
I always buy tickets for concerts months in advance
and I look forward to them.
And then the day of, maybe my tummy hurts
and maybe we just started watching Battlestar Galactica again.
And it's like, well, this is way better than the other thing.
It really is.
Concerts are an investment that really,
I'm not sure they always pay off
because it is just a constant stream of inconvenience
for a moment when you lose yourself in the music.
It really is.
It really is out of control inconvenient to go to any shows like that.
Any concert ever has been.
What about an outdoor show where you have to park a hundred years away
and walk with your bottle of wine in your chair?
And they give you a fucking mason jar at the entrance
that you have to poop and pee in
because there's no bathrooms anywhere.
And then imagine if you're like me
and all the bands that you like also share a demographic
with 50 year old rednecks who will smoke in your face
and bump you and dump their beers on your blanket.
Fortunately for you, Travis,
the only artist that you like is Neil Diamond.
That is not true.
Once that is scratched- Neil Diamond and Journey and Stix.
How many of those have you scratched off the list?
I've seen Journey.
Okay.
I've not seen Neil Diamond.
I had the opportunity in Dallas
and tickets where I shit you not like $250 a piece.
Man, that story about when Travis almost went and saw Neil Diamond
is one of my favorite anecdotes.
Did you meet him?
I always think it's not gonna pay off.
Did you meet him?
Neil Diamond you say?
Yeah, did you meet him at the concert you almost went to?
I almost met him.
I almost met him.
I swear we were in the parking lot.
I was standing on the hood of my car looking for him.
He wasn't there.
Well, that's a shame.
That reminds me of the time I almost met Mitchell Musso
from iCarly.
Right.
I wish you would stop mentioning names.
He was at the Grove the day before I was.
Oh, I see.
Oh, you're like an almost name dropper.
Yeah, Griffin and I almost met Tim Heidecker once
because we saw Prometheus with him.
And I got too nervous to talk to him.
And we were too nervous to say hi.
It was a great story.
Oh, you should make plans to almost hang out with someone.
We're planning on this weekend.
You guys should almost come over
and we should almost go see Argo.
But at the last minute, we should blow it off,
get some Thai food and stay at home.
Or like we should make plans,
but you thought we were going to the five o'clock one
and we thought we were going to the seven o'clock one
and we almost watched the same movie together.
That'd be great.
Griffin, can I get a Yahoo up in this piece?
Yeah, I'll pop off.
I'll blow my load.
This Yahoo is sent in by Supindle.
Thank you, Supindle.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Nick101 who asks.
I'm looking to learn about Nick,
but I want to get it on the ground level.
Do you have any advanced courses like a Nick202 or?
Hey man, if you really want to start in on the Nick situation,
you got to start with Nick101.
I took Nick AP classes in high school.
Those credits transfer over.
Hey, so my parents found a dildo I ordered.
How do I handle this situation?
I'm 19 and not gay or anything,
but my parents accidentally opened my package
and found that I had ordered a dildo.
After having an extremely awkward conversation
with my mom over the phone,
I am left with quite a situation to sort out.
Please help.
Yeah, this is quite the situation.
It is quite a situation, Nick101.
Is it a gift dildo?
I guess it's a dildo.
See, if you order from Extreme Restraints,
they ship everything with like a fake,
like a facade over the actual present
that makes it look like a Kindle Fire or something like that.
Yeah, keep your piles like super straight come Christmas time.
Keep them really, really diligently straight.
They actually, Extreme Restraints,
actually does send you a Kindle Fire with every purchase.
And then you press a special button on it,
and then it digitizes a dildo right there for you.
It uses 3D modeling technology to-
Dildos in disguise.
It transforms.
It goes, and then you put it inside you,
and then you take it out and angry birds.
It actually turns into a flock of angry birds.
Why did you put me inside you?
I can't finish unless somebody shoots
a bunch of angry birds at my junk.
That is the only way I can do it now.
I think the best course of action for this gentleman
is misdirection.
And when his mom's like,
hey, why did you get a dildo?
You say, no, mother, why did you open my package?
Was it addressed to you?
Good day, I forgive you.
You're forgiven.
Man, again, this is one of those,
like 90% of the questions on this show,
we just need more info.
I need some more details.
I feel like it is unfair of Nick to say,
I ordered this dildo, I'm not gay.
Or anything.
Didn't finish that sentence with,
the reason I did is blank.
Well, maybe he did order it to like ram jam it,
but like, I don't know.
I don't, why don't you tell your parents to fuck?
You're 19.
You can't drink yet, but you can smoke and vote.
Yep, at the same time.
At the same time, you can smoke, vote,
and ram jam a Bilbo right up in you.
And you don't need to explain yourself
to goddamn anybody, except the polling place attendant
who's gonna wonder why you're ram jamming
inside the polling place.
And why you pressed,
why you selected it with a cigarette.
This one's for you, Obama.
I just recently got told by a friend of mine
who also works in theater,
that sometimes if they need to drop in a line
to like hook something in above an audience,
they'll tape a dildo to the line because it's soft
and they don't have to worry about it,
like hurting somebody,
but it's heavy enough to pull the line down.
Pause, pause the world.
Because if that, so the logic is it's not heavy and hard,
so if it falls on somebody, it doesn't kill them.
But if you're watching,
oh, this is my favorite production,
like Beth, I've ever,
well, what just hit me in the ear?
It kind of feels like-
Well, they tape it up.
They dress it up.
They wrap it in foam so it is not identifiable as a dildo.
But apparently it is a very commonly used theater practice
to use a dildo to wake a line.
Okay, how about a book?
Or how about a Nerf missile?
Or how about a banana?
Or how about the other 100,000 things?
Did you not know, Griffin?
Techies is freaky.
I guess, I guess, I suppose.
Techies is freaky.
I think you should just tell your parents
why you got the dildo,
whatever that reason may be.
And then they'll respect you.
Mother, father, may I sit you down for a moment, please?
I brought this dildo for me.
I don't have to answer your questions.
I'm gonna use it to fling Angry Birds at my dick.
Because that's how I do.
I'm feeling like 20 Does
has been about obviously getting it.
I feel like, and we're still weighing
a few different options for 2013 themes,
but I feel like maybe 2013 should just be No More Secrets.
Yeah.
How many of our, like,
how many of our problems here on the show
would be solved by just No More Secrets?
You know, let's stop it.
Let's just be honest.
No More Secrets, guys.
Yes, but that's not good.
It's 13.
I can't think of anything that rhymes with 13
that makes it sound.
20 Does is like 22, you know?
22.
Right.
Do it.
Just do it.
Just get it.
Just do it, Nike.
Just do it.
Just get it, Reebok is their motto.
Jump good.
Skechers, it's the S.
Faster, faster, faster, faster, Nike.
Faster.
These shoes, these shoes are for poor kids.
Keds.
Poor Keds.
Keds.
Get them.
What year is it?
British Nights.
I could do this all day.
It's fun.
I really, really want some.
Reebok bump.
They don't sell them anymore.
If you move fast enough, the end kind of looks like a Nike.
New Balance.
What in the world?
Uggs.
I wish I could just let it.
I'm a Depression era child in Appalachia.
Paperbacks.
God.
I think we should probably go to the money zone.
I mean, we just got a bunch of money from all of those.
For Uggs and Moon Shoes.
Did we do Moon Shoes?
No, we didn't.
Hey, I'm going to fucking kill that kid.
Wheelies.
That's the shoe speaking, right?
Yeah.
No, I hate these fucking rolly pieces of shit that won't stop rolling around.
Just walk.
In my day, we walked.
We didn't have wheels in our shoes.
Our first message is for Chelsea from Joe, who is in all caps.
Boyfriend.
Boyfriend.
Boyfriend.
Let there be no doubt.
I am boyfriend.
You made it to 25, Chelsea.
Congratulations.
You're a Pokemon master, sexy freedom trail tour guide, and all around awesome lady.
He said fucking awesome lady.
I know.
I'm trying to tone it down.
We're coming up on candle lights.
We love the shit out of you.
He said shit, so.
Happy birthday from Joe, Connor, Terry, Lauren, and Mike.
Don't be late for the bug now.
I want to know what the sexy freedom trail is.
And I really look forward to visiting.
Travis, I'm not a linguistic expert.
I'm pretty sure he's saying she's a sexy guide on the freedom trail,
not as you have surmised here, a guide on a sexy freedom trail.
Justin, do you know what happens when you assume?
I guess you got me there, Trav.
I'm sorry.
You didn't even like take a second to Google it.
I need you to Google sexy freedom trail, please.
I'm pretty sure it's just the one freedom trail in Boston.
Isn't that what they call it when, like, you have pubes on your gut that, like,
leads down to your butt, to your pee-pee or vagina?
Yeah, right.
Speaking of pee-pees and vaginas, we also want to tell you guys about Extreme Restraints.
It's a website where you can order all the latest fuck props.
They say, I think toys is too much for these works of art.
I think there are tools.
Fuck a couture mall.
A couture mall.
How about a couture mall?
Cannot, cannot.
Cannot.
If you use a coupon code MEDALIST, you can save 20% at the site,
which is, of course, located conveniently at ExtremeRestraints.com.
Go there and get all your couture mall.
Nope.
Guys, we got so many tweets last week from people, like, overjoyed that this partnership
had been struck up, that it had been reignited.
Because there were some fears after we went without for, like, one week.
People were like, what happened?
Was it me?
Was it something I did?
Talk to me, daddy and mommy.
Did I not buy enough?
Did I not buy enough dillbows?
Here's what I would say to you.
Please go to the website, use that coupon code,
because every once in a while we get a list, an anonymous list,
of all the things our listeners have bought with that code.
And it is really the highlight.
It's, like, we don't get, other than, like, tweets and books,
which is what you call Facebook interactions,
like, we don't get to, like, gauge you guys, like, the kind of people that you are.
Or what gauge of dildo you're getting.
Yeah, so when we get a list saying, like, you bought,
you bought, like, a butt hammer called Lil Stomper,
then, like, that informs us about the shape and angle of your character.
That helps us to customize the show for your enjoyment.
That's it.
Think of it like a focus group,
because we want to know the angle of your dangle.
And this is how we do.
This is how we do that.
I want to say a big hello to Sam Seeger.
This is from Alex, Ali, Chris, Mary, Max, Nat, and Will.
They have a very specific script here, so I'm going to read it exactly.
Sam, yes, you, Sam Seeger.
We can see you.
Don't just sit there in your striped cardigan,
sipping water at your desk,
or watching your shocked face from the camera in the hippo statue.
You need to stop masturbating all the time.
Stop masturbating.
Your friends just want to say happy birthday.
Here they are.
And then it says here, talk in funny voice, which I don't know.
I have two problems.
First of all, we're not fucking clowns for hire.
We are a little bit.
If you want clowns for hire, hire us from our clown service.
Silly guys.
Moreover, hey, has anyone ever been to a fancy restaurant?
You can't just go with eight people
and then get the most expensive dish on the menu
and be like, oh, all eight of us are going to split it.
Let's watch these.
Let's keep, let's keep it to a minimum on these group messages.
These pile on.
Are you saying that each one should have bought an individual message for Sam?
I'm saying each one of them could have maybe picked up the tab.
And our next message is also for Sam.
And also this one and this one.
And this one.
Right.
There's no Groupon for what we're doling out.
Yeah.
Guys, let's try to get a handle on it.
I want to get a handle on Jeff in North Attleboro from his buddy, Mike Cantor.
Maybe his lover.
I don't know.
I wouldn't suppose.
But happy 29th birthday.
His boss.
Maybe his boss.
Maybe his lover, his lover, his boss's dog.
Maybe his nemesis.
A shades of gray kind of situation where they signed a contract.
We can only assume because we got literally no information other than happy 29th birthday.
So we're guessing here, but we hope Jeff has a great one.
And that's for your buddy, Mike.
So happy 29th, Jeff.
Or as you call him, Mr. Cantor.
How did you guys spend your 29th?
I spent my 29th getting into a car accident and thinking about doing 365 new things before
I turned 30.
Pretty good birthday.
All at the same time.
It all flashed into my mind as I collided with the pleasant elderly couple in front of me.
Were they so pleasant that you just had to destroy them?
Is that what happened?
Yeah.
Was it like an air raid?
Stop that fucking railroad track.
Who does that, old people?
I just wanted to destroy something elderly.
I wanted to destroy something weathered.
Jesse Thorne here, proprietor of MaximumFun.org.
Look, we had a great time in the Poconos and everything, but there's no way we are forgetting
about our annual trip to Lake Arrowhead here in Southern California.
So unless the world ends first by Mayan prophecy, Max Fun Con West will be held May 31st through
June 2nd, 2013.
Join us for a showcase of elite stand-up comedy performers in the world, and we'll see you
next time on Max Fun Con.
About three months ago, me and my best friend started dating.
Since we're both part of a small community of mutual friends and colleagues who love
to gossip, we kept our relationship secret.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
You got fucking 29 more days of that for 2013.
No more secrets.
But now that we're serious, I feel silly having to keep my distance from my boyfriend when
I'm out in public and my friends trying to set me up with guys since they think I'm still
single.
How do I convince my boyfriend it's time to go public?
And how can I break the news to this small community without it becoming dramatic gossip?
That's from Mary in Illinois.
How do you not?
How?
What does everyone love more than anything else in the world?
People they know getting together.
No.
You're wrong.
The answer is knowing some shit that they shouldn't know that maybe not everybody else
knows.
So in your attempt to keep gossip from happening, you have created the juiciest, most mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
Do you know how you avoid gossip?
You do the fucking Alan Aldamu from West Wing Season 7.
Yes.
You hold a press conference and you just talk it out for like four hours.
You answer every question.
You stand and you fucking deliver.
Because what you have, God, it's so fucking going to blow my load.
It's 31 flavors and I want to taste each one.
You have done fucked up.
You have created the juiciest, most mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
They have probably hired a fucking private investigator because they want to know so bad.
Oh, God.
When the first person-
You hid the press in the closet and then you told the kids not to go in the closet or else
Santa wouldn't come for them.
And now fucking the closet is all they can think about.
And it's too late now because you've already had a brief period.
You're trapped in the closet.
If you say it now, if you come out with it now, all they're going to talk about is those
two fucking devilishly sexy months.
Who knows what's going on?
What were they doing?
What was that about?
They probably didn't want us to know because of how they were just pressing their butts
together all the time.
They were just pooping back and forth nonstop.
Travis, Griffin, wait till you get married.
You are going to learn so much about what sex is.
Well, I heard once you get married, they don't let you put your butt on their butt again.
No, you need to put your fanny against their fanny.
I heard if you put a penny in your jar every time you put your butt on her butt in the
first year of marriage and then every time after you take him out at the end, then at
the end, you have to put all the pennies in your butt.
That is true.
100% true.
That is-
I read that in Malcolm Gladwell's The Outliers.
Man, Travis just wants everybody to know he read a book.
I just want it to be known.
And to be fair, I listened to it.
I cannot read.
Jesus.
Well, ma'am, as it says in Malcolm Gladwell's The Outliers, I'll have the chicken McNuggets
and an extra large Coke.
Excuse me?
Can you not hear me?
I'll turn down my book on tape.
Sorry.
I apologize.
Yeah, listen.
You gotta-
And first and foremost, I need you to be honest.
I truly believe that anytime someone says, we're going to get together, but we need to
keep it secret from our group of friends, the reason you do that is because you guys
weren't sure if it was going to work out and you didn't want to make it a big thing.
Travis is 100% right.
He's very wise.
So now that you know it's going to work out, you need to just straight up be like, hey,
we're dating.
And don't just tell one person because that's how you create gossip.
Yeah.
That's like damming a river, right?
And then you put a small hole in it.
That's how it all breaks apart and becomes a thing.
Just tell everyone all at once.
Travis had it right the first time.
Do an Alan Alda press conference.
Can you do a press conference at the office?
Just have everybody-
Hello.
Thank you all for coming.
I've called you together for an important announcement.
That problem is, where are you going to find a sign language interpreter at this hour?
I know you're probably wondering why me and Derek are touching our butts together.
Well, let me go ahead and clear up any confusion there may be.
Hola, me llamo Greg.
Es mi hermana Kelly.
That means sister.
Let me start over.
My sister Kelly and I.
Now I know that this seems especially shocking now that you know we are blood relation.
We have been secret brother and sister and secret dating.
How is your world?
We just changed it.
To be fair, we've only been brother and sister for a month and we've been dating for three.
So figure that one out.
Thanks for getting married, mom and dad.
New mom and new dad.
Yeah, but just to be straight up, you create gossip by not telling people.
What's interesting to people is not knowing for sure whether you guys are together.
Now, how much of full disclosure are we talking about?
Do they really have to be like, we are dating
and we press our butts together on the reg twice a day?
If you just come out and say, hey, so just so you guys know, Derek and I are dating,
then they're going to be like, oh, we're so happy for you.
And then when you leave the fucking room, the second you do, they're going to turn to
each other and be like, what do you think their butt pressing schedule is like?
That is exactly what people do.
Tell me about the routines.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
What if you just pretended like you assumed everybody already knew?
So like, go out, go out on like a group thing or whatever and just like hold hands and kiss
and like do all the PDA and we're like, what the fuck?
Be like, we've been dating for like two fucking months.
Where have you been?
When did Travis become the wizard of fucking Oz?
Like he's so smart, right?
Like I read fucking Malcolm Gladwell's The Outlaw.
Oh man.
We need to wrap this up.
This has been a lot of fun.
We've had a lot of fun here today.
Let's do one more.
Okay.
Real or Yahoo or what?
Well, I have a Yahoo.
You want to see if you guys like it?
Yeah, let's see how it tastes.
It's working.
I figured we should do at least one Candle Nights question.
Okay.
It was sent by Emily Wall.
Thank you, Emily.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Poppy who asks,
gerbil Christmas presents?
Oh.
Well, I'm going to switch out Christmas for Candle Nights for the rest of the question.
Well, because who celebrates Christmas anymore, really?
Yeah, that's a little 2011 for my taste.
Well, this year for Candle Nights, I have no idea what to get my gerbils.
All I have got is a great ball.
A toilet roll.
Please help.
Wait, what?
A toilet roll?
Yeah, gerbils look like they...
It's like a fun little bunker for them.
Oh, like the inside tube.
Yeah.
Not like to wipe their gerbil butts.
No, no, no, no.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know how gerbils do.
I can't understand the words of the question.
Okay.
Should I do it again but slower?
Yeah, do it again slower.
So I can finish.
Well, this year for Candle Nights, I have no idea what to get my gerbils.
All I have got is a great ball.
A toilet roll.
Please help.
Does he say he's already got a ball and he needs another idea?
I got the ball, I got the toilet roll, but that's not enough.
You're going to throw that back in my face.
I guess what I'm asking is, do you know what my gerbils are getting me?
How much have they spent so that I know how much I need to spend?
The only answer on the question says a great ball or a toilet roll.
I mean, you got your bases covered.
What if he sells his car to get them some new chew toys,
but they sell their teeth to get him a new air freshener for his car?
Give to the mad gerbils.
Man, my portmanteaus are on fire today.
I love-
Even worse is when he gives them the great ball and the toilet roll and Rolex watches
and they're like, oh, we didn't get you anything, Steve.
Steve, I didn't know we had that kind of relationship.
I mean, we are gerbils.
Do you want me to bite you?
That's a thing I can do.
And then one of them runs into their hutch real quick and like throws a bottle of wine
leftover from a dinner party into a bag.
And they're like, here, Steve, we picked this out just for you.
The cork came out accidentally.
I don't understand how it happened.
And we chewed on it.
We chewed on it.
Sorry that we're gerbils and you don't have a girlfriend.
I know what you can get a gerbil.
How about you get him a nut?
It's so cute when they try to get in there.
What are they trying to get at?
Give him a few corn nuts and you try to stick them all in his mouth at the same time.
And he's got those big old cheeks like Garfield.
Ooh, get him surgery.
Yeah.
Can you make your cat-
He drew an eye on that plastic surgery.
Make your gerbil look exactly like Garfield.
That's going to be a cool look for him.
He'll be the toast of, I don't know what you give him, a cage?
Of the terrarium.
Hutch.
You know, here's the thing, though.
What's up?
I'm going to be honest and say when my dog was still around, I got her Christmas present.
Yeah, sure.
But that's a fucker.
Yeah, Travis, but you didn't ask internet strangers how many plastic bones to buy.
Oh, so you're saying that it's cool as long as you keep it secret and safe.
No, I'm saying why don't you know your gerbils well enough to know what they want?
Why do you think the internet has a deeper personal connection with your gerbils than they do?
Are you just going to check your gerbil's Facebook?
What the fuck?
Go to your gerbil's armoire, see if they're out of white diamonds, and just buy them some more.
Buy them things they've already got and just replenish those if you're out of ideas.
Gerbil, have you ever seen 12 Monkeys?
I got it for you on Blu-Ray.
I thought you might enjoy it.
Oh, you're afraid of monkeys.
And TVs.
And Blu-Ray, and discs.
And discs, great.
Cool, cool, cool.
This has been our advice show, my brother, my brother, and me.
We hope you've had as much fun as we have, which is to say some.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for tweeting about the show.
Thanks to Deconique, Roman Noodles, Stump Freak, Jason E. Becker, Whittleton, Iron Sean, Iggy K.
MBMBAMWisdom is an account that tweets out quotes from the show.
So, you know, go follow that one.
It's got 1400 followers, believe it or not.
Also, we're preparing for our special Candle Nights episode.
I think this year we're going to go with like a gift giving gift guide theme.
We've already gotten a couple of really awesome, great questions.
So make sure to send in all of your Candle Nights gift giving questions
and try to put it in the subject line.
You know, Candle Nights or something along those lines
so that I can recognize them right away.
I can't wait for Candle Nights, you guys.
I'm so excited.
I know, it's getting closer.
And of course, as all Candle Nights episodes, it will be it'll be cuss free.
Yes.
It'll be family friendly.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure.
Off the album, putting the days to bed.
The what?
Sorry?
The album.
The album.
The album?
Yeah, you crack open the disc and it's that soft membrane through which all the rock lives.
So thank you.
Thank you, John Roderick.
I had something I wanted to say and I can't remember it now.
I want to say we were reminded from a couple of tweets this week that there is only a month
left in 20 Does and if you have not gotten it yet, you have like 28 days to get it.
A reminder to get your tickets for Max Funcon West.
You go to maxfuncon.com.
I'm sure there's going to be a ton of amazing guests and fun activities and you don't want
to miss it.
It was life changing for us.
I think it's safe to say.
Head on over there.
It makes a great gift.
Listen to all the other Max Fun podcasts.
Jordan and Jesse Go, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade, Judge John Hodgman, Risk,
Memory Palace, International Waters.
I wish they'd stop adding them because that's all I can remember and I think I probably...
Oh, Bullseye?
God damn it.
Yeah, you'll get them next time.
There's a lot of podcasts.
And make sure you subscribe on iTunes and rate us there and give us a review if you haven't.
It really helps us out.
It really helps us out and we got to beat, I don't know, Jimmy Pardo or somebody.
I want to beat all of them.
I want to beat Adam Carolla.
I just want to...
If we don't get to the top of iTunes, I'm going to blow my load.
Griffin, do you have a final question for us?
I do.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Nick Robinson.
Thank you, Nick Robinson.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Evan E who absolutely has to know.
Why does everyone think Son of the Mask was so bad?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
My brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad square on the lips.
