The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. No wait.
No wait, hold on.
Hold up.
I am your middle-est and now current oldest brother on the show.
Oh shit. Justin is... Do you want to say your name?
Oh, I'm Travis McElroy.
Thank you. Justin's actually moving this week into a new house in beautiful Huntington,
West Virginia.
Into a new palatial estate?
It is. Joking aside, it's a massive place that he bought entirely with your Max Fund Drive
donations. Thanks, suckers.
What you didn't know was Justin was going to use that money to buy a house. Gotcha.
A house is really the ultimate sort of production equipment you can have, isn't it?
Because it's like where all your...
He's put up a lot of baffling.
Yeah, it's where all your shit is. That house is 100% baffling. So yeah, Justin won't be
able to record this week because internet in Huntington is already pretty shoddy and
when relocation is involved, it's just not a possibility. So we got a best-of episode
for you this week. What do we call them? Bros better, bros best?
Bros better, bros better, bros best. I think.
I don't think there's a third one in there. I think I suggested that as a goof for the
first one and I can't fucking believe it's still something we do whenever we run out
of material.
But it is.
So yeah, apologies for not having a new episode. I know it's kind of lame right after the Max
Fund Drive, but Justin's got to move and we're actually under kind of a tight timetable anyway
because we are leaving here in just a few days to begin our first mini tour.
We're very excited about it.
Super psyched. Not our last mini tour. Maybe one day we'll do a mid-sized tour. Maybe we
can get up the gumption.
And then we'll do a fun-sized tour.
And then we'll do one show every other day for like a month.
That'll be our king-sized tour.
Right, exactly. Yeah, we're going to Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Chicago this week. We're very,
very excited.
If you're going to those shows, make sure to send us questions to nbmbam at maximumfund.org.
And make sure to put the city you'll be at in the subject line.
Yes, absolutely. We want to hear from you. If you've never been to a show before, we
do have some audience questions that we do. It's a lot of fun.
We're really looking forward to seeing everybody in the Midwest.
If you're in the rest of the country, don't get too comfortable.
We're coming at you, coming for you.
Thanks again to everybody who donated to the Max Fund Drive.
It was by far, it's almost ridiculous to say our most successful Max Fund Drive ever.
Oh my god, yes.
I think it was all of the Max Fund Drive donors put together since we joined the network.
It was ridiculous.
It's insane.
Thank you all so much.
It's very flattering and humbling to say the least.
So yeah, we got a best of episode for you.
What's the episode range, Travis?
You're the one putting this one together.
This is 62 to 71.
Yes, the golden age.
The golden era of my brother, my brother and me.
Cool.
Travis, you want to talk about your tat before we get going?
Yeah, I got my brother, my brother and me tattoo.
Did you cry?
Did you cry a little bit?
I did not, Griffin.
Thank you very much.
But it did hurt like a mother.
That's tender skin there on your ribs.
Here's what most people don't know about getting a tattoo.
Everyone's like, do tattoos hurt?
They don't at first.
At first you're like, oh, okay, I can kind of get down.
I understand what this feeling is.
And then like two hours later, it's just like your same area
has just been pummeled by a needle for two hours.
A tender, a succulent area.
By the way, Travis, you really should have asked me
about the placement of the tattoo, the location,
because you know I have a claim on those sweet, sweet ribs.
Oh, I know, Griffin, but I made sure
that the meat was not damaged.
How did that, Travis and I actually have a deal
where if we're ever stranded in a life or death situation,
I'm allowed to eat his amazing, delicious ribs.
I have no idea where that spawned from,
but that's been going for a long time.
That's canon.
That's canon.
That's canon, I wanna eat those sweet ribs.
That's true.
Anyway, God, there's only two of us,
and we've only been going for a couple of minutes,
and we've already gone completely wildly off track.
If you wanna see a picture of that tattoo,
I'm gonna post it on our Facebook group.
My brother and me, just search that on Facebook
and you'll find it.
It's really beautiful.
It was designed for me by Diana Nock.
You should go check out her webpage
Intrepid Girlbot and read her comics
and see all of her amazing art.
I also wanted to say thank you to Graham
at the Purple Panther Tattoo in Los Angeles.
He did it for me and it was lovely and wonderful.
I highly recommend the shop.
Was it clean?
Was it a clean shop?
It was so clean, so wonderful, so much fun.
Everyone there was super nice.
That's my main concern is like every time
I see a tattoo shop in movies,
it's always like there's a drug dealer dying somewhere
and there's like knocked over cans of Mountain Dew.
No Mountain Dew on the ground.
It's very clean.
There's a skeleton.
There's like two skeletons.
All the Mountain Dew was upright.
Okay, there's like three or four skeletons.
There were skeletons, but I think they were purely decorative.
I also wanna say thank you to Travis Dixon,
my friend who went with me and filmed it all.
So I'm actually gonna have a video of me getting the tattoo
up on YouTube pretty soon.
Yeah, and what is the tattoo?
You haven't said it yet.
Oh, it's a beautiful-
Are you looking at it right now to check?
You forgot what it was already?
I can't, it's on my ribs.
I can't see it.
It's a, I was trying to think of the word
cause I think the word is like raring,
but when like a horse is like raised up-
Rearing.
Yeah, rearing.
A rearing stallion with a banner middlest across it
and it's glorious and majestic.
So majestic.
Is it like mid dressage?
Yes, and it's also huge.
It's about like seven inches high.
It's- Holy shit.
It's pretty big.
Okay, that we've prattled for long enough.
Thank you all for listening.
Thank you all so much for donating.
We'll be back in a little bit to tell you about
some of our wonderful sponsors.
So we will see on the other side.
So I recently moved into a apartment
with two other wonderful people
and trying to come up with a name to refer to it as.
The ranch, the old place, but nothing has really stuck.
My roommate, my roommate and me are getting desperate.
Help us.
That's from Tom.
I think that the ranch and the old place
and like the commune and stuff.
That's pretty cool.
But let me pitch this.
What about like an old timey Southern plantation name?
Oh wow.
Like if you called it like Bell Rouge.
I love that.
This is my home La Croix.
Can we just name the house a person's name
and then have it sort of be a character in their story?
Like this is Steve the house?
This is Dennis.
This is my house Dennis.
It's very spacious.
I live in here.
And then you pretend like it's like haunted
and you talk to it and like Dennis, it's cold in here.
Wait, is Dennis your butler?
Well, it's more like a house spirit.
Dennis, your spirit has your ectoplasm has given me a chill.
How can you ever move though?
Yeah, you leave Dennis behind.
Gotta burn it down.
Dennis, as with all friendships,
when you have to leave one of your friends,
you must kill them.
If I can't have you know, I can't Dennis.
Can they name it Scott Bakkila?
Can they name the house Scott Bakkila?
This is my house America's treasure Scott Bakkila.
I live in him.
Hold on.
I live inside Scott Bakkila.
Can we take it to the next level?
Okay.
Can the three of you, assuming you're not on a long lease
that you would be penalized for leaving,
can you just go live inside of Scott Bakkila?
Like inner space style?
Like inner space style, live in his guts.
Are you saying they need to invent shrinking technology?
Shrinking technology.
Where do you live?
Just send that letter straight to Scott.
Just P.O. Box Scott.
I've attached some notes and stuff to his eyeballs
so I can read it too.
Don't read my mail Scott.
That's weird.
All these letters just keep getting mailed to me
but it just says Scott on it.
Oh, that's mine.
Just eat the letter.
I'll get it.
If I could control Scott Bakkila's body from the inside
starting inner space, quantum leap to day one.
You guys don't even know.
Leaped again.
Leaped again.
Here I go.
Oh boy, here I go again.
Tiny people in my body making me make this poor decision.
Scott Bakkila's manager would get a call
and he said, hi, is this a manager?
Yes.
This is definitely Scott Bakkila.
These are definitely aren't people inside of Scott Bakkila.
So wait, wait, wait.
This is gone from living in Scott Bakkila
to controlling it like Meet Dave style.
Yeah.
Like you're inside Scott Bakkila's head piloting him.
That's what we're at Travis, keep up.
Exactly.
That's exactly the situation.
Can you put me on a TV show?
What kind?
Quantum Leap is pretty good.
You know how we've been itching to start on Quantum Leap
to the sequel?
To the sequel to a TV show?
That thing that, of course, people do all the time.
If they're bringing back Dallas, can't they bring back-
I mean, they're bringing back-
I'm willing to bet they wouldn't call it Quantum Leap 2.
I think they could just call it Quantum Leap.
Quantum Leap colon some more.
As everyone knows, he took a brief sabbatical
and never returned home.
He's still out there leaping.
He is.
That show had a very ambiguous ending.
I'm saying it's up to us to shrink ourselves lip and Scott Bakkila's body
and control him to create Quantum Leap 2.
Still leaping.
Yep.
Leaped again.
How much money?
How much dollar do you want me to push for, Scott?
Just the regular amount.
However much I normally get from shows.
Can we three times that money?
Can we triple it and then split it with your-
And then shrink it.
I got a lot of Minnie Mouse to feed.
I have Minnie Mouse to feed.
I mean, by which I mean tiny mouths that live inside me.
Can we make Scott Bakkila giant so that-
Okay, seriously, not shrink down.
We just blow up Scott Bakkila.
Oh my God, you guys have just set up a reality
where we can have a battle between giant Scott Bakkila
and giant Gawdaria.
Waging a war.
Laser shooting out of his eyes.
He's leaping.
Although I don't know why he would have laser technology.
He's just big Scott Bakkila.
Well, you know.
Bigger.
Why not?
I mean, if you're gonna shoot for the stars, shoot for the stars.
Don't limit yourself here.
We gotta dream big.
So we're all gonna go to Scott Bakkila, get inside him at once,
and what if we just gave Scott Bakkila the antibodies to fight Gawdaria
and then you would live inside him and be cured?
Oh, okay.
So he's like an incubator.
He's like a water slide, is what you're saying.
Like every person on Earth would have to go through Scott Bakkila's body
and then they would be free of diseases?
I don't understand what you're saying.
Yeah, Scott Bakkila needs to eat everybody, is what I'm telling you.
Giant Scott Bakkila, not regular Scott Bakkila.
So to answer your question about what to name your apartment,
Scott Bakkila should eat everybody in the world.
Glad that we could help with that one.
No, giant Scott Bakkila should eat everybody in the world.
Sorry, I meant to say giant Scott Bakkila.
If regular Scott Bakkila eats people, he's Hamillector.
Oh, and so then he absorbs all the Gawdaria
and then flies into space and explodes,
saving everyone on Earth but sacrificing himself.
This rain is really weird.
It smells like Scott Bakkila and Gawdaria in rain form.
Why did we come out today?
I share Travis's Netflix account.
I have it hooked up to my PS3
so I can use his account to watch movies,
and the recommendations that pop up
are probably my favorite thing on the planet.
Here's more movies like Earth Girls Are Easy.
Thanks, dude.
Thanks, Netflix.
To be fair, the funny thing is I love really terrible 80s movies
and Griffin loves horror movies,
so the recommendations that they come up with
is some of the most twisted shit I've ever seen.
It usually just gives up.
It's like, fuck it, you get Kangaroo Jack.
Watch it.
I hate you guys.
You broke my computer brain.
I love those recommendations, though,
because it's like,
here's some movies like Earth Girls Are Easy.
Cocoon.
Well, I'm not actually sure that that's...
2001 is Space Odyssey.
Netflix, just because it has space in it,
that's not...
There's two different things.
And also, to be fair, real quick,
while we're talking to Netflix,
I've noticed Netflix that sometimes they'll say shit like,
recommendations, if you liked Earth Girls Are Easy,
check out Earth Girls Are Easy.
That's some weak-ass shit, Netflix.
Netflix, are you sure that I'll like that?
Oh, that reminds me.
Have you seen Earth Girls Are Easy?
I have, Netflix.
You know I have.
Netflix, I watched it on you.
I used you to watch it.
You know that.
You know this truth.
Can we go see Earth Girls Are Easy?
We can't, because we just did seconds ago.
I got a theatrical cut.
That's the same one.
I watched that one with you.
You loved it.
This one has even more Jeff Goldblum sex scenes.
And he's furry in them.
I don't know how much you like that.
Oh, you like furry Jeff Goldblum sex movies?
Here's Earth Girls Are Easy.
Perfect.
Hey, have you seen Das Boot?
Let me start it up.
What the fuck?
This is Earth Girls Are Easy again.
You just changed the picture.
You changed the fuck line.
Actually, now that I've examined it here,
I can see where you've just hastily scribbled Das Boot in crayon.
I mean, the Earth Girls Are Easy box.
Just darkened everything so it looks like it's in a submarine.
I was trying to watch the pianist,
but I see that you went ahead and you just loaded up Earth Girls Are Easy.
By the way, if someone makes an Earth Girls Are Easy sequel in a submarine,
like Earth Girls Are Easy and oh my god, there's so much water.
Earth Girls Are Easy and deeply submerged.
Like, I would watch that.
I would watch that movie, I think.
Like, who would be, okay, who would be the aliens?
Like, before it was Damon Wayans, Jeff Goldblum, and Jim Carrey.
Who would be like-
Oh, Christ.
That's such a power pack.
That's like the-
I mean, you gotta assume-
That's like the new Hollywood rap pack, right?
You gotta assume Dax Shepard weasels his way in there, right?
Gotta get two scoops of Dax.
Gotta get Dax up in there.
See, I think Jonah Hill's too big now.
Jonah, oh, he wouldn't fit in the submarine.
Idiot.
Asshole.
I think Dax Shepard, I think that DL Hughley could use a job.
I need one more.
And Jim Carrey.
And Jim Carrey.
This summer, Jim Carrey, Dax Shepard, and DL Hughley
learn that Earth girls are easy, and also underwater pretty deeply.
They learn how to steer submarines, and also how to please a woman.
Wearing a backup diaper.
Because who's that driving the submarine?
It's Carrot Top.
God, this is a good movie.
When is this coming out?
I really do want to see it.
What are you even saying?
Are you saying Little Brother is going through viral puberty?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
Hey, Mike.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Pass me my juice.
I'm gonna watch some Yu-Gi-Oh.
You down?
You gotta check this Saturday morning lineup.
We got Yu-Gi-Oh, we got Phineas and Ferb, and SpongeBob.
It's fucking sick.
It's fucking killer.
I spilled Capri Sun on my jam jams.
Fuck.
My whole scene is fucked, Mike.
Hey, Mom, throw my jam jams in the dryer.
Got Capri on them again.
Fuck.
This wouldn't be so frustrating if I knew how to jerk it.
Fuck this.
Fuck everything.
I wish I was three again.
Shit was so easy back then.
I like your idea.
I like your idea that banks are lady zoos.
That's what they are.
They're lady zoos.
You go through the drive-through, you get to see a lady.
You pay your deposit, you pay your APR, and you get to see ladies in prison.
Anybody could use an automatic teller machine for anything.
You know why you don't?
It's because you're going to go see a lady in a prison, and you're going to think,
oh, I should ask her out.
You're going to treat yourself to a little midday alternate reality fantasy about this
girl.
But you're just stop it.
Just go use the teller machine.
Why do you want an extra interaction?
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
So I think somewhere in there, we've decided it's not a good idea to ask that.
I think we've decided that anybody in any service industry, you should not court.
Leave them alone.
They're working.
Leave them alone.
Can't you just leave them alone?
I'll tell you what.
Here's the message you're sending.
Let's talk about first impressions for a second.
You order a pizza.
So this person knows two things about you.
One, you pay for it.
And two, you don't cook.
So that's not a good start.
No, it's not a good start.
Plus, plus, plus, you have to decide this so quickly.
You know absolutely nothing about them.
No, nothing about them.
It's like mystery day.
You look at them for five seconds like, I have to make a split second decision.
And you do too.
That's what decides right now.
We're making a connection.
You guys don't believe in love at first sight?
No.
Not when she's driving a shitty rusted out Dodge Dart and holding a pizza box.
Why can't you fall in love with a girl driving like you said?
Chaz, you're throwing a lot of hate.
You're throwing a lot of hate this app.
I'm just saying that you know nothing about her.
She knows nothing about you.
It's too on the spot.
I have built entire marriages out of less information than you like pizza and don't
like driving to get pizza.
You're down with Hawaiian.
That must mean you're mysterious, cultured, and you have a sophisticated ballot.
Can I appreciate the intermingling, the delicate dance of salty and sweet?
Yahoo!
Answer user Bunny asks, do ghosts see you when you are having sex or when you are using
the toilet?
I think my house is haunted and I don't mind, but I was thinking that if it was my dead
granddad or anyone else I know who has died, then it'd be embarrassing if they saw me naked
or doing things with my husband or on the toilet.
Hey, dummy.
Okay, here's the thing.
Let's play into the premise that your house is haunted with your granddad.
Do you think that in the ethereal plane he's really super duper worried about what you're
doing on the toilet?
Yeah, that'd be really weird of your grandpa.
Was your grandpa like a nasty freak?
Is that like something you do?
Like poke his head in ghost head style?
Like what's going on in here?
Sorry, didn't realize.
I won't keep you.
If he was a nasty Gramps in real life, then I have no reason to believe he won't be a
nasty Gramps in the afterlife.
The idea of a ghost is that after they die, they had unfinished business.
If his unfinished business is to peep on you while you're doing it or hitting the toilet,
then-
If his unfinished business is your unfinished business, then-
I can't move on until I watch your deuce.
I can't move on until you make a movement.
I would watch people fuck all the time if I was a ghost, so.
Eat your ghost popcorn.
What is this question?
Is this-
Of course they fucking do.
Like, are ghosts not allowed to watch you fuck?
Like, if you have sex in a room with a ghost in, the ghost is like, oh, gotta go!
This is awkward.
Are they just colorblind?
Like they can't see naked people?
Don't be a child.
This is-
Don't be a child.
Of course ghosts are watching you have sex all the time.
You're not allowed to believe in ghosts and hauntings and also believe that ghosts aren't
gonna watch you fuck and use the bathroom, because of course they do.
The reason the rest of us are out here in fucking same town is because I-
That idea is too creepy.
I can't-
I can't even begin to believe that-
That there are not only ghosts, but they're watching me deuce.
You know why it's creepy?
Almost a trillion people have walked the earth.
Almost one-
Really let that number sink in.
A trill of people have walked the earth?
The space is gotta be-
We are just caught-
Like a flock of ghosts.
So what you're saying is, the chances that when I am shooting a duke, there is a ghost
not only watching me, but occupying the same space that I am.
I'm in you!
Under you!
You are shitting at a ghost.
You are not only having sex with your wife, you're having sex with like three to four ghosts
that are inhabiting the same space as your wife.
We need to deal with this astral infestation.
This is ridiculous.
Really bad.
Many of them have gone to hell.
Oh, okay.
For watching people use the bathroom.
That's the secret about ghosts.
That's the one rule of ghosts is that you get to walk the earth, but if you watch people
have sex or make a BM or if you actually see a penis or a boob, you go to hell instantly.
There is no appeal.
I am suggesting that we can really get rid of these trillion ghosts if we all just walk
around with our dicks out.
Bye ghosts.
What are you doing?
They'll say as I walk down the street with my dick out and I'll just say, ghost busted.
Busted makes me feel good.
Busted makes me feel good, which explains how fully erect I am.
Don't mind me.
What are you doing?
I'm killing ghosts.
Well.
Makes me feel good.
It's finally happened.
Finally happened.
Griffin's chasing ghosts around with his penis.
So did you guys hear Ray Parker Jr.
Got locked up for public exposure.
We got a button.
We got to get him out.
He's the only one who can stop.
There's a joke about me calling my penis slime right here.
Give me a second.
Okay, we'll just take a break.
Okay.
Is there anything really wrong with being a character, though?
Well, if you name any literary character such as anything from eat, pray, love to the goblet
of fire.
Okay.
I will.
I will impersonate.
Mystic pizza.
Mystic pizza.
Oh, there's some spooky pepperoni.
Pass the insight.
Okay.
Okay.
Sisterhood of the traveling pants.
Hey, come back here.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm all skin and undies down there.
Come on back.
I don't know how we can, how she can use this.
She can't just walk around without pants and say, hi, I'm sisterhood of the traveling pants
because then so I got any other.
You got any other characters for me or all mine are empowered female groups.
Divine secrets of the sisterhood, fried tomatoes.
This is all I got.
These are crunchy yet sour.
I just learned about growing up.
Beaches.
What?
Beaches and or moon struck.
Uh, beaches, uh, moon struck.
I have not seen, uh, beaches, uh, uh, women, you find wings.
That's all I know.
You got stomped.
That was not good.
I'm not sure.
Beaches trivia.
Okay.
Was beaches a book though?
I have a literary mind.
I thought you were all into books.
Now you have a stake in them.
Um, it proves to me beaches was a book.
I have to believe that there is a book adaptation of the film beaches, and I have to believe
that I have won all the book prizes that books can win best book based on beaches.
And now the 1997 best book award goes to beaches.
The book of the movie with Bette Midler.
You can only read it once because once you get to the end, your tears have soaked the
book through.
Just throw it away.
Buy a new Beaches book.
Buy two Beaches book.
I need your money.
Mark Twain, come on up here and accept this award.
I'm glad he came out of retirement to write Beaches, the book of the movie with Bette
Midler.
Uh, this Yahoo was sent in by Mike Bernsteil.
Thank you, Mike.
It's a pretty cool name.
Huh?
Pretty cool name.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like it.
You know what, now that you mention it, it is a pretty cool name.
It's by Yahoo Answers user PDFGhost, who says, what are some good ways to look cool at the
urinal?
I'm trying to seem cool at work when I'm at the urinal.
Lately, while I'm peeing, I've been putting my hands in my pockets.
I've thought about resting my elbow on the wall and putting my head against my hand, just kind of
chilling, acting like it's not even a big deal, and I'm peeing.
NBD.
Any other ideas?
It's not like I'm trying to hook up with any dudes.
I just want people to think, man, that's a chill dude.
And everyone has to go to the bathroom, so that's where you see the widest variety of
people.
Bring your office chair with you and just kind of recline.
Oh, god, yes.
Just roll in there like, what's up?
Chillin', chill dude.
Oh, and go to the tiny kid's urinal, and just lean back in your chair and hit it.
It looks huge.
Can you have a Mai Tai in your hand?
I don't know how cool your office is, but if you can have a Mai Tai in your hand while
you pee from your chair into a child's urinal while your boss watches you.
If you can do it hands-free and put both hands up in a gesture that says, what the fuck,
it's summer, chill dude.
And maybe like hang ten.
Yeah.
If you can do some wall push-ups while you're doing it, like get that, get diesel.
Get pumped.
Is it too complicated to do a touchdown dance?
As you're, like when you're done or what?
Like as you're doing it.
Yeah, I mean, it seems like a premature celebration because you don't know how long it's gonna
go or if you're gonna go that dribble.
What if you do a bad job of it?
Um, can you plank?
Oh, you could if you had those like wall divider things and you just laid across them.
And you tucked your wormy in one of the toilets.
While you aim down.
While you planked on it and you peed straight down.
But if there are other people in that bathroom, I mean, if there are other people at the other
urinals that you're planking on, that's gonna be a scene.
That's gonna be a whole ordeal.
And what if they got one of those big pee troughs?
Oh, wait.
Nothing just laying in the trough.
That would be perfect.
I've seen some people, I've seen some people at a Cubs game that just go to sleep in that
trough.
Daddy, is he planking?
Like, no, son.
No, son, he's half dead.
That's, that's JB.
You gotta pee, pee around him.
Although, although if you would look cool, peeing on another guy is cool.
Who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
Oh, wait, you are the boss of this company.
I'll go clean out my desk.
Sorry about your desk.
Maybe just move your desk into the bathroom.
Yeah.
Don't pee in a urinal.
Take Dominion back over your urination.
Just pee in the middle of a conversation.
Pee in your pants.
I better go watch the show.
Hey, Bradley, can you hold on for just one second?
Okay, go on.
Can you pee in your pants and then put your pants in the urinal while everybody's watching?
And wash them in there like a little washing machine?
I'll get this later.
Or just leave them behind.
Yeah, I'll pick it up at five.
Hey, Jerry, how are things in accounts?
When Bradley Cooper took the Limitless Pill,
do you think he came up with the coolest way to ever use the urinal?
Can you just do what he does in that movie?
So you've seen the movie, right?
Have not seen it, but does he use a urinal at one point?
He uses-
He uses all the urinals.
Uh-huh, all of them at once.
Limitless, Limitless Pill gives you five dicks
that are very accurate for each one.
You know how human beings only use 20% of their dicks?
Bradley Cooper uses 100% of his five dicks.
He does 500% all the time.
That's what Limitless is all about.
I thought I-
Is that what it's about?
To be fair, if that's what it was about, it would have been a way better movie.
Just a ring of dicks and never any ring of dicks around his-
Like a Cthulhu.
Like, it's a very Cthulhu-esque situation.
Uh-huh.
So I guess those are some cool things you can do.
Can you flex?
Can you thumb wrestle the guy next to you?
There's so many options.
Can you thumb wrestle yourself?
You can scream at the top of your lungs.
Scream not again.
Or I finally got it.
Yeah.
I got it.
Can you open up a window and pee out the window?
Just like-
And put your arms up in a manner that says,
I don't fucking care, man.
I think that part's good.
I think that part is non-negotiable.
You gotta put your hands up.
It's gotta be the, like, fuck it.
Yeah.
Just peeing in.
And I do love dropping, like, pants and underwear.
Hey, by the way-
Oh, be a girl.
I think it's a pretty dope way to win at the urinal.
If you're a girl, I think this day is yours.
How-
Hey, Dave, check this out.
High five.
I got it.
You go to the stall and you sit down to pee,
but you leave the stall door open.
Oh, occupy.
Oh.
Oh.
No, don't worry.
What are you looking at?
Hey, we're all dudes.
Hey, all dudes here.
I'm just taking a break, taking a relaxer while I go.
This one's for me.
This one's-
This Tucker's for me.
Does anybody have an O Magazine I can peruse?
Got some good housekeeping in here.
You guys want to read?
Oh, you can't read.
You're standing up, dummies.
You still use urinals?
What a joke.
All right, we're going to end this real quick.
We've got some sponsors for this week's episode,
and it's some of our favorites.
Yeah.
You could even call this a bros better bros best of sponsors.
I think that that would be accurate, Griffin.
I think that that is absolutely correct.
Our first sponsor this week, you know them, you love them.
It might be on your genitals right now.
Me undies.
Tabasco hot sauce.
What are you into?
Daisy sour cream.
What the fuck?
Why did you put that?
What are you doing?
Me undies.
It's you're going to wear underwear.
You're just going to do it unless you're one of those weird people
that's never wearing underwear.
In which case, like we get it.
You're spirited and earthy and stuff,
but put some underwear on because it feels better,
especially when the underwear you've got on is me undies.
And it's going to keep your balls from rubbing against your jeans.
I wore them all day today while I was doing yard work.
I was doing some very hot and heavy hedge trimming.
And I got back inside and my whole body was damp like a sponge cake.
And then I took my me undies off and it was like a mummy down there.
It was so dry.
It was weird.
I was mummy like in one zone and the rest of my area was sponge cake.
When I travel, I only wear me undies for that very
because, you know, you start you sit on a plane for like four hours.
Listen, we're getting into the nitty gritty right now,
but we're going to talk exclusively about genital moisture.
But I'm just saying like it keeps your zone very pleasant on long plane rides,
long car drives.
I'll tell you this, a me undies like pop up store,
you know, opened up in our neighborhood.
Oh my God.
And Teresa and I went down and each bought like three pairs.
So like I'm slowly turning over my whole underwear wardrobe to me undies.
That's a good call.
When I get to the bottom of my me undies in my lineup,
it's time for laundry.
I don't want to do anything but wear me undies.
Here's the thing.
Me undies is dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear that fit great.
Don't ride up on you and literally pull moisture away.
Literally pull moisture away.
You can hear the sucking.
You can hear the sucking sound and it's I won't lie.
That part's a little bit upsetting.
I wish that they didn't make a loud, like it's hard to talk.
It's hard to have a conversation over them.
Like I can barely hear you.
But after a while, it just kind of like tunes out in the background,
you know, and you won't even notice it anymore.
I sleep to them actually now, the white noise of the sucking sound.
It really helps.
It's environmentally friendly.
The materials they use are sustainably sourced.
And also they look great.
Like that's the thing.
There's tons of different, tons of different patterns.
They're for men and women.
You can get matching pairs if like you and your loved one want to do that.
It's pretty cute, you guys.
Here's what I want you to do.
I want you to go to meundies.com.
No matter what, go to meundies.com
because then you can look at pictures of people wearing underwear.
That's awesome.
But go to meundies.com slash my brother.
Not only will you look at pictures of people in underwear,
you get 20% off your first order and free shipping.
It's amazing.
It's an amazing deal for some amazing underwear.
You have no reason not to do it.
Go get at it.
We also have another sponsor this week.
Can I tell you about them?
Oh, I mean, I already know about it, but sure.
I was more talking to my computer monitor, I guess.
Oh, like the general you, the royal you.
The ghost in the machine.
I want to tell you about Blue Apron.
Blue Apron is a tasty, tasty meal delivery service
that for less than $10 a meal,
they'll get you the fresh ingredients that you need to make these delicious meals.
They are going to be perfectly proportioned
with step-by-step instructions on how to make each recipe.
Well, you're not making the recipe, are you?
You're making the food that the recipe details.
Well, and I'll tell you this,
Theresa and I love Blue Apron.
We pretty much, it's pretty much taking over our dinner schedule.
And I'll say this, man, it says it's for two people,
but you're going to end up with leftovers.
Yum.
And it's going to feed you for another two meals.
It's such a good deal.
Double food.
It's double food.
What do you party on?
Because they got chili blackened cod with epizote.
Fuck, I didn't say that right, probably.
No, I think you nailed it.
Chili blackened cod with epizote.
Grapefruit, avocado, and rice salad.
They got lamb meatball stew.
What's your jam?
Man, I tell you what we just made.
They were these, I'm trying to remember what the meat was.
I want to say it was like bison,
but it was burgers on pretzel buns with this cheddar sauce.
It was insane.
So good.
Like, this is the thing.
Here's the best thing about Blue Apron.
Not only do they send you the stuff, right?
So like, everything's right there to make the meal.
Like, you still get to feel the accomplishment
of making the meal.
They give you step-by-step instructions.
It's so clear.
It's so even if you know nothing about cooking,
they tell you everything you need to do to do it.
And then you're like, I made this awesome meal.
Look what I hath wrought.
And it really gives you this like very empowering feeling.
You can impress, you know, if you're trying to impress a date.
It's a pretty solid.
You feel like a food god.
You can check out this week's menu
and get your first two meals for free,
which is fucking bonkers,
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
It's such a good deal, people.
I'm a big fan.
Our sponsors tend to win me over pretty quickly.
And then I'm like, well, I'm just doing this from now on.
Like, Teresa and I pretty much only wear me undies
and eat Blue Apron.
In your undies.
In our undies.
But we can't get it on our undies.
Nope.
It stains.
Our next ad is for 199X at www.agamewithoutmechanics.com.
And then vote for it on Steam Greenlight.
199X is a lightly interactive adventure game
that explores the relationship between the player, you,
and Clara, the person you control.
It is funny, sad, and everything in between.
Catch the fever.
I love that tagline.
It seems so wildly incongruous with the game
that they're presenting.
It's like, catch and collect all of the Claras.
And then trade them with your friends on the playground.
Who can battle?
Who can level up the strongest, Clara?
Quick description for their website.
In 199X, you control Clara.
I think it's 1990X, like a year.
Oh, sure.
OK.
You control Clara.
That's the problem.
The doctors say she's delusional.
But you know that can't be true.
She doesn't seem to believe it either.
The two of you need to work together to find a cure.
That sounds pretty cool.
I'm going to check that out.
And you should too.
We've got another.
Can I control Bulbasaur instead?
Well, you can always control Bulbasaur.
Is that even an option in this video game?
Did they even consider that?
I haven't played through it yet, Griffin.
So I don't know.
But go to www.
Did they even consider Kengis Khan?
Go to www.agamewithoutmechanics.com and check it out.
One last thing.
If you are on the search for a brand new comedy podcast
to suit all of your pop culture cravings,
look no further than Almost Famous.
This is a podcast that is hosted by Hollywood hotshot Alex
Wareheit and esteemed academic Caitlin Sabold
as they discuss pop culture, film, television, celebrities,
actual real life, and everything in between
as they struggle to become Almost Famous.
Alex and Caitlin share outrageous personal anecdotes,
put a fresh spin on pop culture, and even
make some heartfelt social commentary,
all while being uproariously funny.
Check out their website at AlmostFamousPodcast.com
and search Almost Famous on iTunes to subscribe today.
Go check them out.
Go check them out.
Just don't unsubscribe from us because we feel everyone.
We feel our life force waning with every unsubscription.
Speaking of Almost Famous, while I was getting my tattoo,
I took a break to walk around and get some blood flowing.
I stepped outside with my friend Travis.
And he was like, hey, look over there.
And it was Sam Rockwell and Joaquin Phoenix just hanging out
at a coffee shop.
Oh, man.
To be a fly on that glass.
Well, it was wonderful because I had my shirt half off,
so the tattoo was still exposed, which also meant
my gut was exposed.
So Sam Rockwell looked over at me at one point,
kind of registered I was there, and went back
to his conversation.
And I was like, oh, great.
So if nothing else, I know Sam Rockwell,
so I'm going to be your gut today.
Yeah.
Joaquin Phoenix unbuttoned his shirt
and showed you his 14 horse tattoos.
Mm-hmm.
And he was like, oh, good luck, man.
Good luck.
Thanks, Joaquin.
And he was like, do you want to be in my next movie?
And I said, Joaquin, I'm flattered.
And he said, it's cool, man.
So Inherent Fights 2, look for it.
Look for it.
Keep walking the line some more.
Run the line.
A line even further.
A line to remember.
That was a lot of things, a lot of jokes
that we're throwing at you.
See, there is some new material in this episode.
Fuck, we're going to have to put this best of episode
in the next best of episode, Trav.
Oh, remember that time when Sam Rockwell saw Trav as his gut?
Classic bit.
Yeah.
Thank you all for listening again and for donating again.
We're just going to keep thanking you for donating
for the next year, probably, until the next Max Fund Drive.
I hope that's OK.
It's all going to bleed together.
Back to the goofs.
Everybody, I want complete silence.
Griffin, you have to read the whole thing.
Let's see how long we can go.
OK.
Oh, man.
This is Baka Otaku 30.
Good start.
Is there some music you can underlay here later
when you're editing together?
Something kind of nice.
Yeah, I'll throw down some Norah Jones.
Yeah.
That would be great, actually.
Having been to my fair share of spanking parties,
I'll happily answer this.
Though more information can be found in an essay
that I posted on my spanking blog months ago.
The link to my blog can be found on my profile,
though it'll take some digging to find the correct entry.
Unless a party has a specific theme like teacher-student,
most people will simply wear clothes that are comfortable
and casual.
Spankers may tend to wear clothes that are more formal
or authoritative.
And spankies lean towards clothes that are loose fitting
or easily removed,
allowing faster access to bare their bottom.
Skirts are common among female spankies,
with pleated schoolgirl skirts being the most common.
Some people will dress in roleplay, though,
and there are some parties devoted entirely to roleplay.
Yes, you may sit and observe if you don't feel like playing.
No one is forced to play,
and many parties have the attendees wear stickers
that show the orientation for their night.
Top, bottom, or switch.
I just threw a can across the room because I was so like,
yes, I gave blood today.
This is a crazy sticker.
And include a designation for observer or newbie.
As Phil pointed out, you may be encouraged to play,
but most people won't be pushy.
If you're new, the best parties will give a new person
a chance to feel comfortable before they start playing.
Most parties do have an entrance fee
or at least ask for a donation to cover costs
or that the attendees bring a-
What cost?
Or that the attendees bring a-
The aloe vera?
Or that the attendees bring a covered dish to share.
Who brought the fried kale?
This is-
Ow!
Fuck!
Ow!
Not yet, Steve!
Jesus fuck!
Look at my sticker!
I'm an observer!
Check my sticker!
Jesus!
I'm the caterer to this big party.
God damn.
I'm clearly dressed in a more authoritative manner.
I am the swanger!
I like to wear a trench coat to the parties
and tell them that I'm the covered dish.
The best parties also offer the most
for the least amount of cash.
From what I've heard, Shadow Lane costs far too much
for what is available.
And I went to a Crimson Moon party
and can say that the same is true for all of them.
Crimson Moon, fuck you.
Fuck you, that's made up.
The most bang for the buck-
Oh, this is promising.
The most bang for the buck, from my experience,
is the Texas All-State Spanking Party
as their entrance fees are always low
yet the party is huge,
particularly the years that it takes place in Dallas.
Road trip.
Griffin must go.
I'm gonna shade down to a mustache.
I'm gonna fucking show up to that.
Oh, God.
Larger parties take place in hotels and resorts.
Smaller parties usually at private residences.
I enjoy the seclusion of a cabin party.
There's something alluring to me
at the public nature of a hotel party.
There are also icebreaker games
to get everyone comfortable when a party starts
so spanking can begin.
Demos, vendors, contests, and special events.
Hey, guys.
Just really quick.
I mean, I get-
Um, like, what's the-
What's the-
Does it go trust falls, then low ropes activities,
and then you fucking punish someone's-
Just punish that ass.
What's the core-
What is the-
Explain to me.
You played the minister's cat.
It's-
No, it's name game, keep the balls in the air,
and then paddle till bloody chumps.
Just fucking wail on that ass.
Punish that student, and then you go back to low ropes.
Is it light as a feather, stiff as a board,
and then cat and nine tails, or-
I can never remember.
See, I like to use spanking to break the ice
before I do something uncomfortable.
Like, hey, I'm Justin.
Low ropes-
Ask to borrow money or something.
You want some Sprite?
Hey, I have a Yahoo.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'd like us to explore.
This one was sent in by Terry Dutton.
Thanks, Terry.
It's by-
Take that thing for Terry Dutton.
Terry Dutton.
Terry Dutton sent this in. Thank you.
It's by a Yahoo Answers user, Morgan Gretman, who asks-
Take that thing-
It's Morgan Gretman.
Morgan Gretman.
Picking the perfect quote, opinions needed.
Getting a tattoo at the end of the month, and-
Oh, no.
I thought I had the perfect saying picked out,
but I've come across a few more that I just love.
If I could have all of them put on, I would.
Just need opinions on which one sounds slash would look best.
I am getting a horse tattoo on my back.
Uh-huh.
Not sure if it will be a rearing horse or a galloping horse,
but here are the quotes I can't pick from.
Elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
So that's the first one.
Not a quote.
Not a quote at all.
Two hearts, one passion.
Nope.
Okay.
Hoofprints never fade.
What?
They not.
They don't fade.
They don't.
Together.
Scientifically proven.
Wait, wait, wait.
Okay.
Go ahead, Griffin.
Together as one.
Wave.
I was going to put this into the tattoo section,
but who would know better than horse lovers themselves?
I don't want any big long quotes or anything.
Something small and simple, but gets to the point.
That gets to the point of how I'm a crazy person.
Is- wait, hold on.
Two hoofprints, one passion.
Two hearts, one passion, which I love.
Like, what's- is the passion going?
Like, just moving- moving forward quickly?
Like, that's my thing.
Also, what about that horse's second heart?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Didn't think about that.
Time works.
Time works.
What do you want to bet this person does not in any way own a horse?
No, no horse.
Really, they want to remind themselves to save up for it.
And they think that this is sort of throwing their hat over the fence.
Like, if you get this, you got to have a horse.
People are going to think you're an asshole.
Elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Fire.
Hey, the way that you ride a horse is really bad if fire's involved in the equation.
Maybe you leap through fire as you're going to rescue-
Oh, I ride a-
What shitty quotes did they have before that they heard these and went,
oh no, that's way better.
Now I'm up in the air.
Do- uh, did anybody make any suggestions or anything?
Uh, a lot of people are down with elegance, beauty, spirit, fire.
Yeah, it's very elegant.
A rearing horse would be better.
Um, I really like hoofprints never fade.
But here are some you may like.
Oh, Christ.
In riding a horse, we borrow freedom.
Do we know?
If you mind if I, uh-
Excuse me, horse.
Can I get a cup of freedom?
Can I just for a second?
Let me- that freedom looks pretty neat.
Can I just check it?
Pardon me, neighbor.
Can I get a cup of freedom?
And the horse just looks back and says,
you look with your eyes, not with your hands.
Hey, I am bone dry on freedom.
Can I just mount you for a second?
And just a little-
To ride a- to ride a-
Alright, can I finish?
To ride a horse is to ride the sky.
No, the problem I have with these quotes
is that they're objectively untrue.
To ride a horse is to ride a horse.
That's all you're doing.
It's a galloping bundle of bones and meat
and you're riding it and that's-
Hoofprints do in fact fade pretty quickly.
They barely even think.
Like, what are you doing?
My horse is made of clouds and fire
and it sucks to be on it.
It sucks to touch this horse.
Horses lend us the wings we lack.
What?
You're making these up by yourself now.
I'm not making these up
because I'm not a fucking crazy person.
Hey, everyone, quit borrowing shit from horses.
Like, they're not good lenders.
Neither a borrower or a lender or a horse me.
That's my-
To see what-
For poor Richard.
To see what man has made,
one must get in a car.
To see what God has made, one must get on a horse.
No, to see what God has made, one must get in a horse.
Nice work, Big G.
You really grossed me out with all these horse parts.
Big G, this is some sticky stuff.
To be fair, I did think I was gonna freeze to death out here.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, Big G, I thought these were so bad on the outside.
Hey, horse, can I borrow your-
Well, your life.
Uh, you may not get this one back for a while.
Hey, horse, can I borrow your heat guts so I don't die?
I need your guts heat to keep my bones warm.
You're so good inside.
Thank you.
How about this quote?
I'm gonna build a chair from your bones.
How about this quote?
To ride a horse is to borrow the entire Billy Joel discography.
How did they figure?
Because it makes as much sense as anything else.
If your horse was-
This is moving out, then I'm moving out.
To fly a horse up in the sky is you are high.
You are having a reaction to drugs.
This is a different answer.
If your horse is a racehorse,
you were a great champion when you ran the ground shook.
The sky opened and mere mortals parted,
parted the way to victory.
Where I'll meet you in the winner's circle,
where I'll put a blanket of flowers on your back.
Okay.
So like a head to toe tattoo.
Why were the mortals on the track?
Get out of the way.
Get out of the way, there's horses.
I feel like horses are kind of like,
kind of like you were talking about with like cats and other house pets.
Can we just leave horses alone?
Can we just let them run free and beautiful?
And not try to capture their essence with your back meat?
It's gotta be rough because anyone can become a cat person just by buying a cat.
You can buy a cat nowadays and take care of it for its entire lifespan for like 15 bucks.
Like NBD.
Horses, you really gotta go for that crazy.
That's a lifestyle change.
A crazy, crazy lifestyle change.
You can't just casually take off for the weekend.
To be fair, have you ever watched Animal Cops Houston?
Yes.
It doesn't always require a life.
Sometimes you're like, I brought this horse, it's in my apartment now.
Oh shit, I forgot I had that horse.
What?
There's a horse behind your barn, you haven't fed it in three weeks.
Oh shit!
Stop, fuck, I haven't gone in that guest room in a long time.
Let's do a Yahoo answer question.
This one was sent in by Pandapocalypse.
Thanks, you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, I'm all yours.
Who says, who asks, best places for sex in college?
Just curious, because sometimes it's hard to find a good place.
I try to do it in my dorms sometimes, but it's not easy because I would never want to
do it in front of my roommate, that would look horrible on my part.
So please, what places did you have sex while you were in college?
Thanks.
There's only one place to do it.
Yeah, in your bed.
Dean's couch.
Whoa!
Sorry, Dean, asshole.
McElroy!
I just had some sex on your couch, Dean.
Hey, big man, I just had sex on your couch, Dean, asshole.
Don't sit on the middle cushion anymore, that one's mine.
Hey, I'm cleaning that with my own human musk, Dean.
Unhuman musk is the name of my college jam band.
See those, see those wavy lines coming off it?
That's my sex steak.
I hate you, Dean.
I hate you so much, Dean.
Why wouldn't you let me into your college?
I'm not a student here.
Here's a, here's a fun suggestion.
I think it's fun for the whole family.
Uh, dress your kid like a, um, a doggy and then put it in a cage and then leave it home and go get drunk.
What?
Party for Halloween, the spirits are out tonight.
Me and mom going out and you're gonna be alright in your cage we made for you.
Just put some candy in there and it'll be fine.
Put some candy in the clothes hanger cage that we made for you.
You just re-bend them, you just bend them into bars.
Babies aren't strong.
It won't take long.
Just go out and get drunk with mom.
You guys deserve it.
You've earned the night off.
It's 10 p.m.
Do you know where your baby is?
Yes, in a cage.
He's in the baby dog.
It's okay, he's like, he dressed up like a dog.
He's a baby dog, that much the better.
The kind of irreparable harm you've done to your relationship by arguing about costumes.
You gotta get on a retreat and by retreat, I mean go to Shakey's and get you drunk.
Make sure you take lots of pictures of that too so that when your kid turns 18 and kills
everyone he knows, you can show those pictures to the news.
Just throw some Alpo in the cage and go get your drunk.
Get that drunk.
Mr. Stevenson, I'm sorry I'm placing you under arrest.
Your son was locked in a cage unsupervised.
What the fuck?
That's a dog.
That's a dog.
That is actually your child in a dog.
Well, color me embarrassed, officer.
Look at his nose.
I have painted it brown like a dog's nose is brown.
Officer, you are terrible at improv games.
I, yeah, you're supposed to say yes.
Yes, and.
Yes, and.
Yes, and my baby's a dog in a cage.
Yes, and do you want some of this beer?
I have extra because we have so much in us.
Do you want a brewski?
And we'll forget about this and also forget about the kid.
He's fine for another hour or so.
Let's go play some foosball.
Let's go play, let's go foos it up, copper.
And then it turns out that the cop is a baby dressed as a cop.
Incepted.
Baby police, you just got busted by the highest authority in the land.
Baby police?
Baby police is the highest authority in the land, sentient baby.
We are under baby martial law.
It's adorable and also restrictive.
This is a baby police state.
All TVs will watch Nick Jr.
All things will go boring when you hit them.
The cow says moo, you say nothing.
I snap my fingers, you pull out a tit.
This is baby law.
We're out of things now.
You know, I would watch a legal drama called Baby's Law, which is about a baby lawyer.
Yeah, um, babies don't grow up to be adults because this is what you do.
You think about baby anarchy.
Which is adorable and terrifying at the same time.
This one was sent in by Diego McKinney.
I'm almost certain Justin just looked at it.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Garland Garcia who asks,
is it legal to have sex with trees on your own property?
Oh, oh my.
Now the top answer is unless the tree can be seen by a passerby, it's not illegal.
It's not as if there's a precedent to making it illegal.
Despite the foolishness of the question, I've decided to address it seriously.
And I appreciate that, John Lennon, which is your username.
I don't think that that's accurate.
No, yeah, sure.
Here's what's terrifying about this question and why I decided to discuss it.
Now by accurate, do you think I meant the answer or the fact that that is John Lennon?
Or the fact that there's no precedent for this.
I know, I agree with that part.
I don't agree with that.
That is John Lennon's ghost in the machine,
but he's trapped in Yahoo!
Answers forever and he just wants out so bad.
Please let him on another site.
He can't find his way out because it's a labyrinth.
Take it from me.
Our show is really about trying to find John Lennon's ghost hidden in Yahoo!
Answers.
Hidden in the hedge maze of terrible.
This is the closest we've ever gotten.
Is this gentleman's concern that a tree would report him to the police?
For tree sex, for arboreal sex crimes?
I don't think that that's a concern.
Then what other law besides just being completely indecent in public,
which is a law no matter what you're having sex with.
Wrongo.
Wrongo.
Here's what I'm saying.
Here's what's upsetting.
If your fence is high enough.
People could be fucking trees all the time.
People could be fucking trees.
They could have trees fucking them or each other.
They could have grown the trees into a position that makes it look like they're having sex.
I'm talking about branches and the bird holes and the fucking man, a nasty mess.
A nasty mess.
Is your concern that this is like rampant?
I'm saying who knows?
If you walk by a house with an eight foot fence,
you just go ahead and assume that they are fucking something they should not be.
Yeah.
And spray paint on the fence.
Tree fuckers go home.
Yeah.
And then just spend every night worrying about white ash beetles.
Termites.
I mean, I think people are stumping on the reg.
You do?
I think people are stumping right now somewhere in this world.
That explains.
Okay.
Now I get the t-shirts.
Stumpers have wood.
Yeah.
I get it now.
It upsets me that we can find loopholes in the legal system to allow this kind of thing.
Aren't laws supposed to keep you from doing really upsetting things?
Isn't that the whole idea?
I want the fucking law and order special victims unit to kick in the door and be like,
hey, sex police.
Don't move.
Why do we even have special-
Down on the floor, tree fucker.
Yeah.
Why even have the SVU if they're not going to stop shit like this from happening?
Because psychically, it's in my brain.
Like, there's a tiny, here's what you guys may not realize about my brain is just by
saying that word, saying like tree fucker.
Now in my brain, there's constantly a 24-7, till the day I die, a tiny man fucking a
tiny tree in my brain.
And he's just shouting, tree fucker, tree fucker, tree fucker, tree fucker.
Or tree man, penis, intercourse, intercourse, intercourse.
Like, it can't be stopped.
Please stop the noise.
But you can't stop the noise.
I want fucking iced tea to kick in the door and be like, stop SVU.
And he can't do that in your brain.
He's got to stop-
Hold on.
I got to incept him in there.
Get him out.
Brain iced tea.
Griffin's eyeballs are bleeding.
I think he incepted too much.
Don't have sex with trees.
Don't have sex with-
If only to avoid the horrifying half-human, half-tree babies.
And also the dick splinters.
Stop it.
Listen, you motherfuckers.
Dryads have to come from somewhere.
I want them to walk the earth, and this is the only way to get it done.
It may not be pleasant.
It may not even be-
It's questionably illegal, but if we're going to have someone to bestow upon us,
like, special tree powers and stuff-
Dryad magic.
Dryad magic, man.
I would like to imagine that dryad babies are just completely, like, boring and normal people.
And you see, like, a half-human, half-tree, and you're like, give me your wisdom.
And he's just like, dude, I work at the plant.
I got nothing.
No pun intended.
I work on my ship models.
When you guys were younger, did you ever read The Taking Tree?
Take a tree.
Give me that sap.
God.
Oh, I'm sad in my brain.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, this Monday, my wife and I will find out if we are indeed going to be parents.
We're excited at the possibility and have started trying to plan ahead things to get.
One area we're stuck in is a baby-themed room.
We wanted something different from the normal animal-themed room.
Whoa.
Whoa, y'all.
Whoa.
Animal-themed rooms.
No, we're sticking with Aminal.
And felt that the Wise Brothers 3 would provide us with some great thoughts.
That's from confounded in KC.
I'm gonna throw out, and this is kind of meta, but what about a baby-themed, baby-themed room?
Oh, man.
And you just paint babies all over the walls.
Yeah, and like with signs like, you are this.
Like, I love that.
I think that's important for human beings to know what and who they are pretty much instantly
so they can start growing and learning from it.
Like, I think you learn from yourself.
Maybe instead of a baby, it's like a zygote.
Or like a fetus.
And you're like, you were this, now get better.
Ooh, I like that.
What if you took it as an educational thing and you put just a ton of objects in the room
that would say, maybe like out loud, perhaps with one of the greeting card sound chips,
they would say out loud what they are.
But they would all do it at the same time, and they would do it 24 hours a day.
Chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair.
Bad, bad, bad.
I am drums.
I am drums.
Dad's hidden pot.
Dad's hidden pot.
Pump shoes.
Why did you hide your pot in the baby's room, dad?
You had to touch one of them and it just said, baby, baby, baby.
And just be Justin Bieber.
Oh, that would be, that would make for probably a Unibomber.
That would probably make for a Unibomber situation.
How was my babyhood?
I will tell you.
Not great, because I'm looking at that lamp and it's screaming in my brain.
So it could be better.
All I could think of when I blew out the building was, well, that's one building of things that
won't be screaming at babies today.
Building, building, building, building.
Building, building.
Windows, windows.
Windows, I have to kill the building.
But now it's screaming pit, empty pit, empty pit, empty pit.
It's just like my heart, heart, heart, heart.
Hey, can we, can we, I want to take a brief hiatus here to tell you about the text.
Oh, yeah.
That I just got from my father, our father.
Did you guys get-
Me too, yes.
Okay, so he just sent a text that says, in quotes, what day is it, son?
What day?
What could that, is that a reference to the hit film We Are Marshall?
I think it is.
It has to be.
Oh, but it's-
I think the response to that is football day or something.
No, listen, listen, let's explain this because people are going to think our dad is like
some sort of crazy 9-11 guy.
I don't think he knows it's 9-11.
I think the three of us should probably text him.
I'm texting him right now and I'm asking him if he means September 11th.
Okay, hold on, let's all take a moment.
We need to, we need to text him back because I don't want our dad like walking through
the day with like a spring in his step.
It's game day!
Hey, everybody, are you excited?
Okay, my message is sent.
I look, I've been looking forward to the day for so long.
Yeah, it seems like it's been 10 years since this last happened, by which I mean football.
I love football, getting the points, scoring points.
I get all the points.
This one was sent in by Jesse Thorn.
Thank you, Jesse.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Miserable Little Smug Bastard.
Oh, oh my.
Who asks, ladies.
Already winning.
Ladies, if someone paid you $300,000 or pounds to sit on a real human skull, would you sit on it?
What?
Would you cross your legs?
If you did, you would get an extra $300,000.
I have actually asked this question before.
Sincerely, Skeletor.
Love, Jack Skellington.
So many questions.
So many questions, first off, ladies, if you pick the $300,000 above the 300,000 pounds,
then you are a rube.
Yeah, I was gonna say conversion rate.
I think maybe that's it.
It's like a deal or no deal thing.
Like you could take the $300,000 or-
Or 600,000 if you crossed your legs while you do it.
Or you can get it in pounds and have to spend 10 minutes getting it converted at a bank.
Yeah, but that's an awkward story to tell the cashier.
Hey, how'd you get these 600,000 pounds?
I sat on a real human skull.
These smell like calcium and taint.
Are you one of those bone jockeys?
Are you a bone jockey?
You're people sick of me.
Hey, Carl, we got another one.
Look at this one.
She sat on a human skull.
She got boned.
And then they all chuckle, chuckle.
There are so many questions.
God damn it.
Is this skull inside of skin and muscles of a living human being?
Is it a last request kind of thing?
Is this how someone wants to get buried?
It's what I'm saying.
Is this a Devo video?
Are we talking about a Devo?
Is this a Devo right now?
Are you pulling a Devo on us?
Like a bloody Devo?
Why does the price point start out at $300,000?
Why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you haggle up?
I just noticed in the related questions on the sidebar,
this question by Miserable Little Smug Bastard.
Ladies, if someone paid you $100,000 or pounds to sit on a real human skull, would you do it?
He's driving a hard part.
If you're offended by this question.
What do I have to say to get you on this skull before you leave today?
If you're offended by this question, then ignore it.
Would you cross your legs?
If you did, you would get extra.
It would be the skull of a serial killer.
What?
You laughed that out when you brought it to $300,000.
Who?
He's trying to, he's driving a deal.
He's trying to make this happen.
Griffin, what is this username again?
Miserable Little Smug Bastard.
Okay.
Miserable Little Smug Bastard.
He's like, he's been negotiating this.
He's, for all his foibles, he's a pretty smart negotiator.
He started low and made a serial killer skull.
He's like a, he's like a Ron Popeil.
Like, okay, I'll take out.
It's no longer a serial killer skull, just a regular skull.
Just a real human skull.
And also this set of Sham Wows.
Yeah, I will throw in a solid flavor injector.
Oh God.
Would you slap chop a real human skull for, I'm gonna, I'm gonna bump it up to 400k.
You do have to sit on it before, but afterwards you'll slap chop it into non-existence.
It'll just be dust.
I will sit on two horse skulls for 50k.
You know, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that this is one of those circumstances
where I would rather that this were not a hypothetical question.
Because if he had some purpose behind this, for some reason that makes it okay than him
just sitting around wondering.
Travis, the amount of work that he has put into negotiating, just yelling into the internet,
it has to have been resolved, right?
It has to, it has to have happened.
It has to have.
Has to have happened by now.
Do you realize how much money 300,000, what would I not do for $300,000 or pounds?
Because to sit on a real human skull?
Yes.
It ain't on that list.
Yeah, I would make the skull.
I would.
Night and waiting.
I would turn the person into a skull, is what I'm saying.
I'm such a fucking sucker though, because that first time around, when he's like 100k,
I would have jumped at it.
You would have taken it.
I wouldn't even thought to hold off.
You've got to check the trade magazines.
What's the going rate right now?
You know, I actually got a Groupon for sitting on a human skull.
Yeah, a bunch of my friends and I are going to do it for 50k.
The problem is-
The same skull?
Yeah, it's the same skull, so there's always a huge line.
You really got to-
And after a while, you know, it gets warm.
That skull is pretty rowdy.
The thing is, he doesn't even clarify and say like, you have to be nude, or it has to be set.
He just wants you to sit on it, cross your legs, and get off and leave.
Can we-
Let's talk about the crossing the legs thing.
Is he wanting us to incubate this skull like a mama bird?
Keep it secret.
Keep it safe.
You get $300,000.
But he doesn't say naked.
So what he's saying is, just sit on.
Just roll up in your mom jeans.
Roll up in your mom jeans, sit on it, cross your legs, get off, leave, get out of here.
Okay, I need to know, can a human skull support the weight of a fully grown adult woman?
It takes like 14 pounds of pressure to-
We are just skeletons with a big egg on top of our necks.
So it's just a big egg in there?
It's just a big-
It's just like a big stupid egg in there, and it's if a human being-
If it was like a tiny-
If it was a baby, maybe, but-
Oh, maybe he's doing that age old seventh grade science experiment where you have to
build a bridge to save an egg, you know what I mean?
And you have to walk across it and see if it destroys the egg.
Travis, there was so much goddamn dumb stuff in that sentence.
You just said it would take us a week to tear it apart.
It was.
It was a seven layer bar of dumb shit.
You know, an egg bridge.
You know, egg bridge.
I saw it on Mr. Wizard.
You literally just confused like five different science projects.
I was like, you know, an egg bridge, and then you put baking soda on it, and-
And it's a volcano.
It's a volcano.
Let's stop talking about sitting on skulls, because it's literally making my grundle
uncomfortable.
Like, just the thought of trying to perch myself on a cranium.
I don't think it would feel good.
No, I wouldn't think so.
But you know what would feel great?
I could buy myself a new grundle with 300k.
Or 300 pounds.
Jesus Christ.
This guy.
This fucking guy.
Do you think he's normal in his day to day?
You think it's somebody really nice and well respected?
Do you think it's Tom Hanks?
Oh, couldn't- wouldn't you believe it if somebody was like, yeah, he's a great actor,
and like, he's a real sweetheart.
He's got this one thing.
All right, everybody, we're going to wrap up.
Hope you enjoyed that best out of episode as much as we enjoyed making those like 10
or 11 episodes.
I don't remember if I enjoyed making those episodes, Jared.
I don't either.
There's a pretty good chance I didn't enjoy making some of them.
No, I don't remember what was going on in my life at that point.
I think I referenced my girlfriend, Teresa, which sounds really weird at this point.
It's like a weird time capsule to reopen these old episodes.
But we hope you enjoyed them.
We want to say- let's just start it off by saying thank you again to everyone who donated
to Max Fun Drive.
It was wildly successful.
We felt incredibly supported.
And here's the thing.
Just so you know, if you weren't able to donate, but you still would like to become a sponsor,
become a donor, you can do that at any point.
You can go to maximumfun.org forward slash donate.
You won't get the pledge gifts, but you can still support the network anytime you want
to.
Do you not get the bonus content?
I think you still get the bonus content.
If not, I will fight for you to still get the bonus content.
Yeah, we will be in your corner.
But seriously, the response this year was absolutely bonkers.
I cannot believe how many people came out to support our show.
It was a pretty amazing past couple of weeks, and we have you guys to thank for that.
So thank you all so much.
Also, thanks to Blue Apron, who makes cooking at home easy.
You can get your first two meals of Blue Apron free by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
And we want to say thanks again to MeUndies as well for supporting the podcast and liking
it.
MeUndies as well for supporting the podcast and my genitals.
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother and get 20% off your first order.
And right now you'll get free shipping.
What was that, Griffin?
I just want to say we hit the genitals thing pretty hard when we talk about MeUndies, but
usually it's like a goof thing.
And you said that so casually.
I don't know why.
I just wanted to let you know.
I wanted to stop the show and let you know that that one kind of bothered me.
That was the first one that bothered you?
Yeah, I think it was.
That was a sincere thank you, though.
I really appreciate the support that MeUndies provides.
We still have tickets to the Chicago show this coming Easter Sunday.
Come, celebrate with your whole family.
I know you're wondering, McElroy brothers, did you know that that was going to be Easter
Sunday when you booked the date?
And the answer is, but anyway, there's tickets available.
Bit.ly slash MBMBAM Chicago.
Please send in your questions with the subject line saying which show you're going to be at.
I need my Yahoo warriors.
I need my Davenport's.
I need my Sperling's.
I need my Ray's to to step up and help me out, help me survive, because that's a lot
of Yahoo's that we're going to need for all three shows.
It's three shows worth of questions, people.
We need your help.
Have we done?
I know we did three shows in one day before, but this is the first time we're going to
three discrete cities.
That is very excited.
I'm very excited as well.
At these shows, we've got some beautiful posters that Justin Gray, you can see some of his
My Brother, My Brother and Me posters on the Max Fun Store.
Go to maxfunstore.com.
A bunch of merch there, just as a side note.
Lots of awesome My Brother, My Brother and Me merch, some Sawbones merch.
We're going to get some Adventure Zone merch.
Yeah, we're going to be filling that up in over the next few months.
So but go check out his posters there so you can get super excited.
They're going to be show specific posters, which we've never done before.
We're going to have one specific one for Milwaukee, one for Chicago, one for Minneapolis.
Like, and they're beautiful, you guys.
They're fucking awesome.
They're like, they're fucking great.
I'm definitely going to steal one.
I'm ready to buy one so we can ride all over it and ruin it.
And now that you've donated to the Max Fun Network, go listen to the other Max Fun shows.
There's Jordan and Jesse Go.
There's Judge John Hodgman.
There's Throwing Shade.
There's Pop Rocket.
There's Rendered.
There's a ton of really good shows.
We do other ones.
Travis does Bunker Buddies with his buddy Andy.
Justin does a medical history show called Sawbones with his wife Sydney.
Me and Justin and Travis and our dad do a Dungeons and Dragons podcast called The Adventure Zone.
A bunch of people have asked, now that we've hit all of our goals and everything,
we're going to totally make my sister, my sister and me bonus episode happen.
A lot of people have been asking about it.
A lot of people got really excited about it.
We're going to make this happen, people.
Fortunately, our wives got excited about it because I don't know about you,
but I forgot to run that by Rachel before we said we'd do it.
100% a swing and a miss.
Teresa heard about it on the show as she listened that day.
Yeah, I got a message from Rachel that day.
Like, so I'm doing a podcast, huh?
And then my response was, oh yeah, I forgot to run that by you first.
We've talked about it before, but it hadn't become an extant idea.
We are the fucking worst husbands basically.
But start thinking about questions you want to ask our wives.
It's going to be, I'm really looking forward to hearing.
We don't know when that's, I don't know when that's going to go up.
We're doing, so because we hit these pledge tiers,
we're going to do two bonus episodes throughout the year for donors.
One of them is going to be my sister, my sister and me.
And we're also going to do, have we announced what the other thing is going to be?
We're going to do a Freaky Friday swap with some other podcast on the Maximum Fun Network.
Don't know what that's going to be yet.
I got a few in mind, but we will see how it shakes out.
So that should be very interesting.
So it's going to be a pretty bonkers year.
I've said bonkers a lot.
Before we get past it, I want to say thank you.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of their theme song.
It's a departure off of the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It feels good, right?
It's like a very phonetically.
It does, it feels really good.
I think it's iambic pentameter.
Yeah, it just flows.
I think it's like one of those things where it's like those are words of power.
Like Freemanship.
Let's throw it back to, yeah, it's a Dovahkiin shout.
Let's throw it back to the past and hit you up with that final Yahoo goodness.
Thank you all so much for listening.
We'll be back with probably one of our live shows next Monday.
I promise at least one of the three of them is going to sound really good,
and that'll be the one we throw up first.
So thank you all so much for listening, and we will see you later.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Galiayali.
Thank you, Gali.
It's by Yahoo Answers user question mark, who asks,
did you ever guest star on the Golden Girls?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Squabble lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
