The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around. If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down.
If you're all alone, where the pretty birds have flown, it's me.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
And if you ask, then you are sure to know, it's beginning to look a lot like wisdom here on My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era. I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm the middle brother, Travis McElroy.
And it's your boy, Griffin.
Hey, um, would you guys say that-
You asshole.
Are we on that Christmas creep?
Holiday, we're on the holiday creep.
Can I, am I the only one who thinks Christmas creep sounds like a hip hop dance move?
That's like taking, like the Dougie, or the orange soda?
Yeah.
That's, by the way, get on YouTube and search for the Kel Mitchell orange soda dance.
He's back, he's back, and he's invented an actual dance. I'm not making that up.
Yeah, except by he's back, the video's from 2008.
He's definitely on his way back. He started a slow climb.
It's a slow-
It's a Christmas creep to the top.
It is a Christmas creep.
Can we write a, can we, is it too late to like capitalize on that? Can we write a song on the Christmas creep?
First you jingle your bells.
I'm on that Christmas creep. I'm on that Christmas creep. I'm on that Christmas creep.
As long as we can still, as long as we can still do my B-side of Hanukkah hustle.
Do the hustle.
First you jingle your bells, then you mistle your toes. There's gotta be something else.
We'll finish, this is something that really should be saved for My Melody, My Melody and Me, our improvisational songwriting show.
So let's get right into the questions. We take your questions into us through email, Gmail, Tree Mail.
This first one comes to us from Gmail.
I recently met a Canadian girl on Omegle, and I've begun an online relationship.
My friend told me there are no real girls on the internet.
Is this true? If so, should I still pursue a relationship with someone who might be a dude?
Those are two completely different questions.
Confused in Connecticut.
First off, let's start with the obvious question. Are there real girls on the internet? The answer is of course no.
Nope. Nope. Not a one.
Also, there are no real girls in Canada.
I was going to say in the world. I'm thinking we've all been duped.
Oh my God.
It's a pretty massive cover up.
Is it all holograms?
It's pretty much 100% holograms.
Hologals? Is that closer where we're at?
This is a terrible situation you find yourself in because Omegle, for those who aren't familiar, is an anonymous chat service, right?
That hooks you up with a random person with no verification of their age, sex, location, anything.
That you could be at the butt of a really brutal, long-lasting, hilarious-to-everyone-but-you prank.
The longest con.
The longest of cons.
They say love is the longest con. I think Omegle love is slightly longer than that.
I'm going to straight up, I think it's time for a little tough love, my brother, my brother and me style.
What kind of life are you living that you start an online relationship with someone on Omegle?
I can literally think of no worse place to start any kind of relationship, professional, romantic or otherwise.
That would be like saying, I met the nicest guy on Chatroulette. He was wanking his dong. It was awesome.
He was what?
Wanking his dong.
That's not a combination of those words. I know you're going for individually, but combined I don't think that's a...
I don't like that one bit.
That's not a combination that works.
I'm almost certain it is.
You workshop it, take it out.
Basically what you just said was he was masturbating his penis, which is redundant.
Yeah, here's how we're going to turn this into a W.
You're going to say you're going to meet up with this person and then you're going to say, listen, I'm too cool to meet someone I met on Omegle.
Never talk to me again and then just like block them from your life.
You'll feel good about it.
They'll, who cares?
They're anonymous.
You didn't know him before.
You can go back to not knowing him now and you just bail on this.
You've got to pull the old eject and get out.
Trust me on this.
You have a little to no investment in this.
This is imaginary.
This is not real.
Unless.
Unless.
What if it is true love?
Shit.
Fuck.
You know how vulnerable I am to the possibility of true love, Griffin.
I know.
And it can spring up in the weirdest of places.
And make no mistake, this is the weirdest of places.
The literal weirdest place on the planet.
I mean, maybe it's just two lonely souls because that's all that's on Omegle.
And maybe they just found each other and just connected on some deep spiritual level.
And if that's the case, then you don't need to be worried about whether or not it's a dude.
I got it.
But here's my counter argument to that.
Okay.
There is no possible way, like in my opinion, that you are meeting the honest to goodness person that they are on Omegle.
Why not?
Because there's no way they go on and go, and I snore.
And I also, like, there's no way because nobody does that.
Well, nobody does that anyway in the world.
Yeah.
Well, no, but you get to know the person and like, you know, it's not like I met you, I've never seen your face, I've never spoken to you about anything that's, you know, real, and I love you.
That's not how that works.
I don't think that he's not saying let's get hitched.
He's saying, should I pursue?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Here's what we do.
We set this up in ways that increase the real world intimacy of this relationship.
First, you're gonna call on the phone.
Nice.
Okay?
That's what we're doing.
We're calling on the phone if we're pursuing this.
Two, we are chatting on Skype.
Nice.
And making sure no one's doing any ventriloquist nonsense.
We gotta see the real Omegle freak right there and make sure that it is an acceptable situation.
So you don't want to fall victim, you don't want to fall prey to a truth about cats and dogs style dupe.
You want to know that the correct voice is coming out of the correct lady.
Right.
I don't want a Janine Groffalo, Uma Thurman, Swaperoonie, okay?
Nice try, Janine.
Nice try, Janine.
And I think another concern here is, you know, that idea of, oh, it turned out to be a dude and we were sex chatting and whatnot.
Don't do that.
Like, you haven't met this person, you shouldn't be sex chatting or whatever it is you kids do.
You may very well be.
There's probably a blog somewhere that says, look at the freaky stuff I can get this guy to say on Omegle.
Oh my god, I read that blog.
Yeah, yeah.
It's that one.
The really funny one.
But anyway.
I love that one.
With the little illustrations.
I love it.
So hopefully that'll help.
You just gotta, don't bail on it, but do, you want some real world connections here.
You want phone calls.
You want video chat.
You want to really see this person.
And because you can't build a relationship with chatting anymore until we can verify that this person is.
And there's so much in like that intonation and in speech and in how your chemistry, if it's there, I say you gotta go phone.
But you gotta be safe.
Be safe, be smart.
Don't meet them anywhere, ever.
Because you have brewed up a murdered cocktail here that you do not want to be sipping on.
It's anonymous.
That's scary.
A hundred percent of murders are anonymous.
None of your friends have ever met her.
So there's no identifying her later.
That's scary.
That's very scary.
Okay.
I feel like, I feel like we should move on.
I have hooked up with one of my closest friends a couple of times and he tells me he enjoyed those times, but he wants to keep our hookups a secret from everyone.
Why doesn't he want to tell anyone?
Because you're ugly.
Whoa.
I'm just kidding.
You also might be annoying or crazy.
Maybe you're terrible.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for listening.
We enjoy your patronage.
No, no, no.
It's that he doesn't want things to get weird.
Like you've got a group of friends, two people hook up and it's a weird, it's going to be a weird scene.
Also, there's another option that's not insulting to you.
He might be terrible.
He might be, you know, wheezing the juice.
Why wouldn't you want everybody to know that you're dating someone or you're making love to someone less terrible than you?
Well, because he might be a sleazeball.
And so he might be like, no, I really like you.
I really like you, but don't tell anyone.
You should just sleep with me and then not tell anyone.
He's trying to get the proverbial sex milk without having a relationship cow.
Is that what you're saying?
That's exactly what it is.
No metaphors either.
I can never drink milk again.
Nope.
What you need to do is you need to confront him.
You need to be like, why are you keeping this?
No, I'm not saying you need to tell everyone.
You need to ask him why he wants to keep it a secret.
You need to be like, so what's shaking Kevin Bacon?
Why aren't we, you know, letting everyone know?
Yeah, well, OK, here's the thing that is very logical to me about this question.
He wants to keep our hookups a secret from everyone.
OK, that's that's to me is a very logical like because it should be a secret.
It is. You get that shit out.
It's a secret.
It's a secret you have in this day and age.
That's a treasure.
Something that, you know, other people don't, that you can keep private.
Oh, yeah.
That's awesome.
What a wonderful gift that is.
But that's not even it's not just the beauty of secrets.
It's if you if you get laid, if you get your bone on like don't walk down the street like got my bone on today.
Got my bone on today.
Here's the name of the person that I did it with.
You can't.
You don't do that because it's not Facebook.
It's just not gentlemanly.
It's not ladylike either.
It's not what people do.
Like, I don't understand why why this person is upset.
Do they want them to be like, hey, what's up?
We fuck.
Hey, do you hear about me and Jerry?
We fuck.
It sounds like to me like there's crossed wires.
Like maybe you want more than he does.
That's what this question is really about, isn't it?
Yeah.
That's what this question is really about.
You want to take it to the next level and he wants to keep it a secret, uncomplicated.
Again, makes total sense.
But if you I will warn you of this.
You do need to ask him if if you're interested in a relationship, you need to ask because it sounds to me like you do care a little bit more than you're letting on.
Yeah.
And you can't let your heart get busted up hooking up with this guy continually if there's not going to be any relationship there.
Can you agree with that Griffin?
Can you agree with that?
I wasn't listening.
I have a Yahoo answer question.
I was like in the middle of the wisdom.
I got the real nugget of this and you're like moving on.
Did you get it?
Sorry.
What?
It's a busy day.
I'm on that Christmas crawl.
I'm going to set you on fire.
What do you think Travis?
Will you listen to me?
I have a good sequitur.
Again, you're leaving.
You're leaving.
You're leaving this question.
Do you feel like you've answered it or can you not say?
What if I just told that person to murder suicide?
Let it simmer.
Professional advice.
Just let it chill.
Let it simmer.
That's the opposite of what I just said.
I basically just took what you said.
I'm just going to stay back here.
I boiled it down to a rich syrup.
To the opposite.
No.
It's like you melted down the chocolate and made lava.
There's no connection between the two ideas.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Patrick Toy.
The only advice show that makes you dumber.
That makes you actually less equipped to deal with your situation.
Yahoo answer's user OhNo asks, are females attracted to the penis just as males are attracted
to female breasts and butt?
When a man sees female boobs and butt, they go boing, lol, I am immature.
Is it the same thing when a woman sees a male penis or are they like ew?
Yeah, it's like ew.
No, no, no.
It's lady bone zone.
I can't believe that's a thing.
I can't believe that's a thing, Travis.
I can't believe that a lady sees a boner and goes mm-hmm.
Yes, please.
Oh no, not a boner.
Just a penis.
Just anywhere.
A flaccid.
Just a flaccid, dangly piece of something.
I don't think the reaction could possibly be, oh yes.
Oh yes.
I think, I'm not a lady.
If I had to guess, I would imagine the reaction as something more akin to, well, here we are.
Well, we need those to make more life.
Oh, you again.
Ah, of course.
I can barely look, like when I'm in a shower hanging brain, I can barely observe my own
thing without getting a little sick.
I can't see my own without a complicated network of mirrors and volunteers.
I just have someone come in and describe it to me every day.
I have Leonardo DiCaprio come in and sketch it.
We have to be on a boat though or I can't finish.
I wish that Morgan Freeman delivered my penis report, my daily penis briefing.
I wish Morgan Freeman would give my penis the power to control the world around us.
Yes.
And teach me a valuable lesson in the process.
I feel like we're dodging the question though.
I think women's reaction is probably like when they're looking at a bunch of ingredients
before it's time to cook something.
Everyone likes to eat cake, but there's nothing necessarily appetizing about eggs and flour
and stuff.
I get what you're saying.
What?
I get what you're saying.
There's a logic to it, right?
There is some logic to it, but in the context of the question, you're making it sound like
women are turned on by baking.
Oh, of course, of course.
The interesting thing about this question is of course that with men, men who are into
large breasts, the larger they get, the better.
With women, there's very definitely like a fall, like if you're charting interest.
There's a bell chart.
There's a bell chart of interest and it peaks and then it goes like, wow, it plummets pretty
quickly.
I would imagine.
Thank God for that.
I think this question is illustrative of the fact that it's hard for guys to understand
why women find guys attractive because we're gross.
I assume women are attracted to the same thing on dudes that dudes are attracted to on women.
Like girls look at butts, right?
Don't they?
Personality?
Is that what you meant to say?
Yeah, they look at personality and they're like, look at that nice shapely personality.
If I'm being judged on my breasts and it just seems to be the situation that you are describing,
that is not a part of my body I have ever worked on to improve, knowingly at least.
I feel like we're in one of those moods where we're anti-helpful.
We're making all these situations worse.
So let's do another one.
I'm an atheist and I haven't done don't feel like telling my family.
How do I politely get out of going to Christmas mass without them asking too many questions?
Form spring.
Wow, this is a good question.
I have my answer, which is you go to Christmas mass because it ain't about you.
It's about your family.
Yeah, that's kind of true.
Like you can I totally get I grok where you're coming from.
Like I get the whole like you're not feeling it.
So you you don't don't want to go.
But it really is.
It's like an hour and you're going for your family so they can feel like that togetherness.
And also there's a lot to like even if you're an atheist, there's a lot to like in the ceremony,
the tradition.
Sure.
You know, there's there's usually some incense.
That's nice.
Chill.
Some pretty music.
I mean, there's nothing that says that an atheist can't go to can't go to church and
you're not going to burst into flames as soon as you cross the threshold of the building.
You're not voting either.
Like it's not like I'm for it.
I'm for what's happening.
You're just there to in respect for your family.
You would go to you would go to a church if a friend were getting married.
I would think of this the same way.
Yeah.
Well, we really knocked that one out of the park.
Finally, some actual help.
Should we I think should we should we talk about our Christmas?
We're going to holiday.
Our holiday.
No, fuck that.
You can't kill my Christmas.
I'll take questions.
I'll take Hanukkah queries.
I'll be the Hanukkah query guy.
So we're going to do a holiday.
Can we call it?
Can we call it ha ha ha ha ha like ha ha ha ha because we're going to we're going to make
it funny.
Like I'm sure we'll have a wonderful name for it by the time it rolls around.
But we're going to be doing that on Christmas, Hanukkah, Christmas, Hanukkah.
Get it.
If you have we're going to do all holiday questions.
So if you have a if you've been waiting to get on the show and you have holiday questions
and you want you want to ask them to us, make sure you get them to us by let's say the 17th
of this month and and we will address those.
I also like to hear about even if we don't end up using these, I'd like to have people
write in about their traditions and ask us if they're weird or not.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah, I like that.
It's sort of in the advice and advice realm.
We usually ask that people don't ask about poop and masturbation.
And I think for this, our holiday special, we can repeal that.
No, I mean, we need the extra don't extra.
Don't do it.
Don't do not do it.
I want this to be an episode where when you travel to your family's home, to the to your
home's place, your ancestral home, you can say, here, let's gather around the fire and
enjoy this together.
I like that.
And maybe when I edit the show, I can edit out all the curse words so that Jingle Bell
sounds and then add in different curse words.
So I can be like, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
And all you'll hear is Jingle Bells and it'll make a song that you forget and it'll be like
don't forget, sorry, grandpa.
The best episode.
So make sure you get those questions in.
I currently have a boyfriend shaped hole in my life that I'm trying to fix.
For pretty much my entire dating life.
I've jumped from long term relationship to long term relationship with whatever best
guy friend I had at the time.
And consequently, I've never really dated or hooked up with anyone.
I'm 20 right now.
And I think the last time I was really single was when I was 14.
My friends have been telling me I need to go crazy and get down with some random dudes,
which sounds intriguing, but I miss the reliability of having a relationship.
What should I do in BNB AM?
Love always alone and indecisive Gmail.
Oh, well, um, your friends sound like they give terrible advice.
I don't trust your friends.
Do they have a show?
I didn't think so.
No.
Um, I don't think that that's the going crazy with a bunch of random dudes.
I don't, I don't see that there's like, it's a big risk and you risk, I don't know, hurt
somebody or get hurt yourself.
It's never a good advice.
And with stuff like that, I like to take it and try to apply it to different situations
and being like, you know, I just lost my job.
What should you do?
Get a bunch of jobs and then quit them.
That's not good advice for any situation.
Like I just finished a diet.
What should I do?
Eat a bunch of food.
Like, no, that's not a good advice to take for any situation.
Yeah.
I just don't, I don't think that that's a, have fun.
Yeah.
I don't look, but let's see, here's, here's the problem with this whole thing.
People you can't give advice on how to proceed, like with your relationship in general.
Like here's what you should do next.
Here's the type of relationship you can pursue cause we don't control when these things happen.
We don't control the type of people we meet.
We don't control the type of relationship we get into.
I mean, if it's the person that you, if it's somebody who can make you really happy, why
would you just randomly bail out?
The best advice I can give is to not try to do anything.
Just live your life and you know what happens, happens.
Don't set the mindset of I'm going to go out and get crazy and get down with a bunch of
random dudes.
No, because then you're trying to manipulate how that works and that's not a good way to
go.
Also, but you don't want to go out and say, I'm going to find true love because then you're
trying to manipulate it the other way.
Just be yourself, live your life.
What happens, happens.
We are saying this though.
You're giving this person this advice because we have all done this thing where we get out
of a long term relationship or at least I, God knows I have, like I got out of a long
term relationship and then all of a sudden, you know, I, my eyes were opened and I, I
went crazy as you said and I think that I got down with a bunch of random dudes, got
down with just so many random dudes and I think the reason that three of us are saying
it's a bad idea is because we did it and we know it's a bad idea and I think that may
just be something you have to do.
I think you may just have to have the, the bad idea part of your life.
I think you need to have that.
I think that's important.
Well, okay.
Well, let's compromise.
If you do do that, that's fine, but don't set out to do that because your friends told
you to.
Like if that's what happens, that's cool.
I think that that's a better, I think maybe a way to sort of, a way to sort of put this
in perspective, something that will be applicable to you is be more cautious of entering into
long-term relationships.
Like rather than setting out to do that, give yourself permission to get out of relationships
if they're not working.
And I mean early, I mean like three dates, it's not working, bail and do go on dates.
I think that that's something else that, that maybe your friends are getting around to.
And maybe that, that's something that could work for you in a less harmful way.
Don't just go with friends, you know, go on some actual dates with people.
Yeah.
In your twenties?
Yeah.
In your twenties?
This is, this is when you, this is when you start dating.
And I'm going to sound like an old man.
If you have more mature dates.
Yeah.
You're, you're so young though.
You have so much time, you know, just enjoy yourself and you know, go have fun responsibly.
Yeah.
Just go out there and just get your dick wet.
Okay.
Not.
All right.
Not quite.
It's 2010.
Okay.
Women have dicks.
What?
Griffin, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
God, I had so many good ones this week.
Thank you everybody who sent them in.
This one was sent in by Action Allen.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Shane S. who asks, how to gel pubes and what styles are there?
I am a guy and my boyfriend says he finds it sexy for my pubes to be gelled.
Anyone know any styles for my pubes to be gelled?
Give me a detailed process.
Additional details.
I use gel that I use for the hair on my head.
Why?
What happens if it's an alcohol product?
I don't know about that.
I would like some serious answers.
Anyone know any styles for gelling pubes?
I got a few.
Is there anyone who gelled their pubes before?
Preferably an answer from a guy.
I'm going to have sex tonight.
Please answer.
I like the Gabe Kaplan which is a bunch of curly on top and then a row of straight right
underneath it.
I like that.
I think that that's a real great look.
And the current top too if you have time to dye it.
I like the high top fade with some racing stripes in the side and your basketball number
in the back.
I like that.
How about the Joni Loves Chachi which is where you basically you give your penis sideburns
and then like a little pompadour up on top.
All these are good.
Also spray tan your penis.
That's an important step for that one.
Yeah.
But just your penis.
You could try the Twilight is very popular.
That's where you put a bunch of glitter down there and when you hit the sunlight and I
am assuming you're making love in the daytime it will sparkle and that's something that
a lot of guys are really into.
You can try the MC Hammer too.
What's that about?
Well the MC Hammer is where you have just three straight lines carved into the side
and then directly below it you've sort of like two billowy legs of pubes that shimmy
back and forth as you as you sway and jostle.
So like a Fu Manchu.
Oh the Fu Manchu is very different yeah.
Out of pubes.
Oh it is.
So you basically make legs out of your pubic hair.
Yeah hammer pants.
You make hammer pants out of your pubic hair.
You could also do the Uncle Jesse which is just a lovely bouffant of hair on top and
then when you take off your pants just scream have mercy.
Well you should be doing that anyway regardless of how you decide to style your downtown Maine
it's important that you all have mercy every time you expose your penis to your partner.
I like the young Einstein which involves electricity and patience.
Oh Jesus.
Looking for something low maintenance try the Sasquatch.
That would that's let it go.
Now we're getting off the subject because he obviously wants gel to be up in the mix
and that's a very that's a very natural look the Sasquatch.
There's at least three different Elvi you can do too by the way there's young Elvis
there's fatter there's fat sparkly Elvis and then there's the Elvis Costello where you
hot glue glasses upside down on your balls right.
I like the gonzo.
What's that?
You just keep bending your penis till it forms a permanent nose and then you make Jesus Christ.
Travis I'm sorry but that that doesn't have anything to do with hair.
You're disqualified.
Oh damn it.
So I guess since Travis is disqualified the game is over and who won?
All of us.
And none of us.
Except anyone who does any of the things we just said to do.
They are the loser.
I'm having some trouble staying awake at work.
My job begins at 7 a.m. but I have to wake up at least 5 15 because I take a bus and
a train to work.
The bus and train trips are short enough that I cannot sleep on them.
I usually go to sleep by 10 p.m. No drugs or coffee please.
Help me in BNBA.
You're my only.
That's from Gabriel Gmail.
Does he deserve?
I mean if you're gonna shut us down like from the get by saying no drugs or coffee like
do we even I don't think he deserves our if you're not gonna open your mind to the two
best options because if you won't if you won't do drugs and you won't do coffee and I mean
gotta carve out some nap time like you've got to get better at falling asleep on the train yeah
well don't do that because you'll get fucking you'll wake up with your shirt you have to learn
to hover right above that falling asleep point right before you pass out and so you like you
get the rest but you don't miss your stop you're on that inception tip yeah that's exactly what it is
um is it maybe he says no drugs or coffee do you think that it's a mutually exclusive thing if
do you think if we suggested drugs and coffee oh that's cool um because i sometimes i'll take a
few uh nice uh meth crystals uh none of that foggy shit just pure glass and i'll uh you know
i'll crack that up and toss it in my folders instant mix uh and that'll usually keep me up
for about three or four days until my teeth stop itching the the problem is is your job
starts way too early and so by the time yeah by the time you hit like if you hit like noon
you've only been to work for five hours but you've been up for seven and you only slept
for seven the night before so like you're using up your sleepy time yeah you need a new career path
but that's the thing is like he can take a nap after work but by that point it's too late he's
tired at work it's bedtime the thing is you need to decide is it you need to have a lifestyle change
uh you can either take naps like all the time which would just depress you uh you could change
your career which you probably don't want to do because any job i've found starts at 7 a.m is
usually something you had to work really hard to get in the first place um or you could just get
down on that meth espresso like that's the easiest option is to just chug some espresso
every morning except on the weekends um because if you do it if you do it every day you'll i mean
you will die there and the good news is and i can tell you this from personal experience
eventually your biological clock will balance out and you won't be sleepy at that point you'll
be going to bed at like 8 30 at night but your body will get used to waking up at like 5 15
now if you've been doing this already for like two years and you still can't stay up then i have bad
news this isn't the job for you because your body's not gonna balance out it doesn't agree with you
yeah what do you do at a party where you only know one person gmail leave leave leave leave
immediately leave say this party is fun for everyone but me i'm out because that's worse than
being at a party where you know zero people yeah at a party you know zero people you can go get
really drunk and you know make some friends and do some crazy shit if you know just one person
you're either just gonna hang around them and make a total boob out of yourself or uh you'll do the
you'll get drunk and uh then the friend will tell all your other friends what a what a boob you were
it's a lose lose this is lose this is one of those situations where if you're a really super outgoing
person this is your chance to make friends if you're not this is not the time to try this is
the time to go home yeah yeah you got the odds at least have to be in your favor you at least have
to have a majority yeah and then meet new people that way but but this is not a good scene for you
if you don't already know the answer to it then you shouldn't be in it i know i would be like
if you didn't have if you if the ratio wasn't 75% people you know at a party you would you
would take right off who's who's you just me yeah me i would do that well it this is a chance that
you need to be preemptive in this and when your friend's like hey let's go to a party and when
you're like who am i gonna know there and they're like me don't go to that party yeah i mean
everybody does that right yeah that's totally totally within your rights don't beat yourself
up about this yeah give them a break this is one of those things where you always kind of
feel rude asking the question who's gonna be there but it's for situations like that that
you ask it so it's important that you say like not that i don't want to hang out with you but
if that's the case why don't we just go somewhere else we'll go see a movie and i don't want to go
to a party where i don't know anyone sure dear sweet mbmb am my bf says he wants to change and
is thinking of dying his hair blue and then he said or maybe i'll get a tattoo i think both
ideas are terrible i don't keep him from doing anything silly but still satiate his need for
change asked david from form spring encourage him to dye his hair blue verse get a tattoo because
at least that's not permanent yeah um let me let me ask you this david i agree i i i i understand
where you're coming from but why is it so important to you that they not do this like don't
you love your bf the way he is because i would think that if it's somebody you really care about
then you would want them to get get if they want to ink if that's important to them to to do that
then then uh well let me let me counter argument that justin if he says or maybe i'll get a tattoo
it doesn't really sound like it's a super passionate thing yeah that's true it sounds like
your boyfriend is bored with something else maybe his job is boring or he's having family troubles
or you know he's just been around his small town too much and so he's trying to you know uh strike
out from other directions instead of dealing with the problem that he has so i think you need to talk
to him be like hey what do you really want to change because i guarantee it's not your hair or a
tattoo that's a good wow that was actually insightful travis thank you maybe you could take
up a pipe and yeah that's the new jam right that's the new thing you are you getting in front of that
is that going to be like a 2011 i'm gonna get i'm gonna get out there and say 2011 let's do pipes
let's get pipes let's smell good that's a big change and it's healthy isn't it makes you look
awesome and it makes you look so cool i well if you do it right yeah snooker one right now i love it
um i yeah i think travis is is is on the right track now now if it is just a not sometimes
everybody gets those momentary impulses where they say hey i i need something different uh let
me suggest this to you david maybe some travel maybe you guys could take a weekend go someplace
completely new someplace you've never been before um and and then when you return your familiarity
uh will be a comfort rather than a burden also a pet i like a pet pet's always fun it's good
a pet is good uh maybe an eyes wide shut style sex cult hey get fully sex caught up on that hey
maybe 100 sex cult maybe uh start listening to the cult and that's what craigslist is for
yep uh yeah i got i got one i've been staring at it the whole show it's like a deep dark pit
this this question uh i think we just got to dive into it even though we don't know where it'll
it'll stop it was sent in uh by goodbye babble on babble on which wasn't that a is that a david gray
song i don't know uh it's by yahoo answers user ruby hart mckinley who asks what are some good
warrior cat names what excuse me i need five warrior names three names for three black cats
one for a white cat and one for a brown cat please i have no fucking idea what's going
on with this question there's no more details that's it that's that's all wait a minute that's
all we've got warrior cat names now let me read you some of the answers this one was sent in by
josie j feather mccainy or rather it was answered the answer was provided by josie j feather mccainy
who hey there's your first name name one who says i love creating warrior names smiley face
here's some for black cats yes
night shade night river night fall night fire night hunter shadow skin shadow shadow rose shadow
child shadow bird shadow storm night storm night bird fallen shadow night wing oh jesus here's
some for white cats lily pad lily heart lily moon white shadow white claw white night white
moon white rose white leap white thorn snowfall ice wind frostbite frost pool snow song
here's some for brown cats thorn prick cobra strike snake snake viper fang
adder snack bramblesong bramblesong thornwing fallen snake snake bite
hodgepodge black and white and orange silly buddy mixed up oh jesus christ i mean could
you read the first page there's a full page of people providing answers like could you read the
first name for the white cats again the first name no i can't there's so many that i can't
repeat them i'm almost certain it was lily pad lily pad was one of them that is not a scary
warrior name hey girlfriend do you have any ideas on uh warrior names for brown cats uh let's see
what the other people have to say uh brown cat bramble pelt sun fern sand dust sandy pelt sandy
mist sand bramble pelt tabby tabby claw sand claw sandy claw dust claw sparrow flight autumn
flight trout leap morning dew mouse fang rose whisker like what the fuck what is a warrior cat
this is why i am scared for humanity every answer to that question should have been
what the fuck are you talking about aurora song like what are we doing
this is this horrifying truth that we've unearthed with this show is that there are whole other
worlds yeah there are whole other things that that don't connect to us like we don't have any
any um any vines into them reaching into them to give us some connection it's a it's a completely
different planet that's just spinning wildly of its own accord some wild misconceptions about
the furry community that i feel like we now understand and and totally accept into our
hearts and collective minds but what the little song what i mean bramble pelt snowy pelt brambles
high what are we doing here child jump i'm not angry i'm a little angry i'm scared i just want
to know what's going on like are people dressing up their cats in like tin foil armor and like
just like taking them outside and just yelling hidden mist star chaser like go
oh here's what i want i want to see this guy actually picks five warrior cat names
and and tries to get him to all follow him in the battle star chaser go what
bram bram bramble sky you're just licking your butt this is what a warrior like attitude you're
not prick oh god that'll get that'll make it here with the ladies salmon leap um i'm so
i'm just can someone explain this like i i don't is this a big enough thing that we'll have
listeners who know exactly like what this is like what a warrior are freaky listen you know they
will there's one guy right now who's like brambly pretty good i knew i listed this show for some
reason oh god oh god i have a friend who has recently started dating a new girl the only weird
thing is that her best friend is a boy who is gay none of us in the group have a problem with her or
her gay friend whatsoever the thing that is bothering us is the fact that our friend and her
will sit in the living room and her gay friend will start to do weird things like rub her feet
while they cuddle on the couch which makes us all ridiculously uncomfortable our friend has even
told us that her gay friend snuggles with her in bed and when our friend is in bed at the same time
yeah that would be weird if that's not how it worked out no no no this means it's gay friend
girl her boyfriend okay yeah in the same oh my god yeah the real mind-boggling thing is that
our friend doesn't think this is weird when it obviously is how do we possibly break the news
to him that this is totally not normal without offending him and tell him his girlfriend is a
weirdo for letting this continue confused in carolina wow what this is brutal what is the
deal with your friend that he can't realize this is weird i need to let this wave of like sadness
just wash over me and shake it i need to absorb this okay dust flower dust flower bramble snow uh
i just want to be there for the moment when it's like don't mind me bro i'm just gonna be down here
rubbing her feet you guys do what you were doing well first of all that's the that's the creepiest
thing that two human beings can do to each other like regardless of their relationship status or
gender just like hanging out with some buds don't mind me i'm just gonna rub her naked feet yeah is
this cool is this cool i would rather see you french kiss i would rather see two people french
kiss than two people oh especially if it's like a mutual foot rub i think there's a good chance
that this friend of hers the gay friend is a serial killer yeah he could be a serial killer
now it's sad okay so so here's the here's this here's the poop on your situation the the gay
friend is obviously in need of intimacy now he he may be very well be like super duper gay
that's fine but the problem is that we've talked we've talked about this before that
just like if you're dating someone that that is like has a bunch of you know gay friends it does
not give her or any of them carte blanche to make out at any time like yeah right that's still super
fucked up like physical intimacy and and being attracted to somebody or two very different
things and it's still somebody who's like being intimate with your with your friend and being
intimate in front of you and i mean i mean intimate in like the the literal yeah way like if you're
doing things you shouldn't do in public regardless and also psychologically the physical action
creates the mental reaction so it's like you know making yourself sick thinking about vomiting makes
you feel sick you know and being intimate with someone even if it's you know that kind of
of skin-to-skin friend intimacy it's still creating a weird bond there it sounds like
this girl is serving as like i don't know a security blanket for the gay friend where she's
just like this outlet for intimacy or it's vice versa i mean oh yeah that's also very possible
it's it's just fucked up like it's it's rude what's weird though is none of the three people
in this situation like directly in the situation think it's weird the gay friend doesn't think
it's weird the girlfriend doesn't think it's weird the boyfriend doesn't think it's weird
so that's a good that's a good point i mean is it within her friend's right to to uh
you know to to infringe on this and tell people how to live their lives
yeah it seems like this would be someone else's call but you are totally within your rights to
look at it and go man that's weird your job is to not hang out with them anymore because that's
weird your job tell them that you're making they're making you uncomfortable i mean i don't
hear anything wrong with that saying like hey i know you're like you're way gay like super duper
gay but that you're still rubbing please stop touching feet yeah please thank you walk on those
you walk over walking your feet live in your shoes like this is all this is all just topsy-turvy but
see but no here's the one point where i'll disagree there it is not our listener the person
who wrote the question and it's not your job to talk to the gay friend you get to talk to your
friend and be like dude i'm not telling you to do anything i'm just telling you this creeps me out
and i'm not gonna hang out with the three of you anymore yeah you're weirding me out yeah
because it's weirding me out and i don't know them bramble pelt bramble snow flurry cat eyes
no that was a bad one trout trout place what uh i want to hear griffin's last question but um
first a couple quick housekeeping things don't forget to send in your
holiday questions uh mbnbam at gmail.com i'm on that christmas creep i'm on that christmas
creepy i'm shaking jingle bells pointing mistletoes teach me how to dougie teach me
teach me how to christmas dougie
hola dougie that's the name of the special right there my brother my brother and me hola dougie
special um come learn how to dougie the first annual worship the baby jesus um we'll learn
of the first dougie so get those to us um also very important the time is winding down
um i think probably the cut off to get mbnbam gear by christmas is is quick approaching i saw
on twitter that they're gonna start shipping this week did i imagine that in a fever dream
no no it sounds right to me but but but if you want to make sure you get something by christmas
like i said i haven't heard a firm cut off i'm sure it'll be this week um but but but keep
uh get get your orders in we've got uh pack your bags hoodie we've got uh coffee mugs we've got uh
my brother my brother me logo hoodie and the the profits from both of those both the hoodies go to
go to big brothers big sisters um got uh the girls t t logo t got the cardinal red logo t
and the brown heather dark chocolate logo t so oh and those mugs yeah the mugs i said the mugs but
we've already established it you're not listening well this week got gotta get a mug uh go to our
website too even if you just want to hang out mbnbam.com uh there's a magic eight ball still
which we need to put some new answers on we need to update we need to update
time to update uh forums are popping like even today people are over there
talking about stuff and and uh we got we got ranks there too somebody hit second cousin already
oh yeah oh nice yeah yeah and i'd like to thank everyone on twitter who uh takes something they
hear on the show and retweets it or they just you know give us a shout out uh hashtag mbnbam
um my favorite one right now is adam underscore aa who says if you're not listening to the mbnbam
podcast then no amount of world aids day is gonna save you hawk 9664 is also out there
spreading the word austin gardener uh with the old classic bed bugs live in your eyes everybody
knows that thank you thank you cool i know what i like i didn't want to sleep ever again which is
nice i like when we see the tweets of quotes and i have no idea like i don't remember saying that
they could just be saying random random words i really appreciated all of we got a lot of
i would say just bile just a lot of angry angry bile that we didn't uh we didn't make it in the
podcast awards and just just seeing people get angry for us like protective parents um i
appreciated all that i'd like someone to come up with a podcast awards that in the forums that's
just us awards that we can win i'm i'm i'm ready to say right now i've decided not to go to the
awards thing i wasn't invited to yeah good for you yeah yeah i'm boycotting that thing we weren't
invited to good um so uh one more time just to reiterate i want to make sure if you want gear
you get it by christmas so get over there and order it this week um earlier the better and
keep an eye out on uh on twitter on our twitter we will retweet it but also uh level up studios twitter
um the they'll they'll put an announcement there i am i'm positive so uh and their username is
just level up studios on one word so griffin give a shadow song final question of the day
this one was sent in by modest madison thank you modest madison uh it's by yahoo answers user
poncho via who asks in all caps how come my dog sounds like it says lamp when it barks
yes i'm just a macro i'm travis mcroy randall pelt this has been my brother my brother me
kiss your dad square on the shadow song
keep your heart three stacks keep your heart hey keep your heart three stacks
keep your heart man these girls smart three stacks these girls smart play your part
