The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome. My brother, my brother, me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby-est brother, Griffin fucking McElroy.
Alert, alert. We are the Jingle All The Way defense team, and we are here to warn you
that you or someone you love may at some point be exposed to Jingle All The Way 2.
You know what, I'm sorry to admit it. I didn't have my defenses up. I had lowered
the levels of my firewall on my computer, and I just found out that I've already been cast in
Jingle All The Way 2. Shit. Man, don't make me choose between my brother and my jingle,
because it's gonna be the jingle for sure. For sure, defo, 100%. Let's just say this,
looking at the IMDb page of Jingle 2, and I'm making a list, and I'm checking it twice.
Wait, Griffin, are you worried that they'll disrupt the canon of Jingle All The Way 1,
that they'll ruin the integrity, or is it like you just hate Jingle All The Way 1
so much you don't wanna see a sequel? Are you on fucking crystal meth?
Jingle 1 is a fantastic film. It's my favorite Sinbad movie. And now these motherfuckers. I'm
actually a little hoarse. I'm a little gravely right now, because I literally watched the 30
second long trailer of Jingle 2, which shows Larry, the goddamn cable guy, which he hasn't
done cable for a long time, so maybe it's time to revisit that nom de plume. Larry,
the emeritus cable guy. The whole thing is the 30 second bit about how he plugs in crystal
lights and it shocks him and it shoots him backwards. Real great stuff. I'm gravely,
because I literally yelled, you motherfuckers, like that, and now I'm hoarse from it. So thanks
for that. I've got choir practice here in 30 minutes. That's shot. Just wanna take a quick
check on the description of this film. There's many good things about this, including the fact
that it co-stars WWE superstar Santino Marella, but in the description of the trailer, Larry,
the cable guy, is playing the role of Larry. Which I pointed out to Justin, he does in all
of his fucking movies. It's never Larry, the cable guy, as Dr. Kenneth Hardstone.
It's listed here in his credits, Larry, played by Larry, the cable guy, from Cars 1 and Cars 2.
So you might see just from Cars and think, ah no, screw that guy. No, that's how deep they're
willing to go into his back catalog that they are not even going to put their finger on, oh,
I don't know, maybe Tooth Fairy 2? Another fucking disaster? Why not put him down as like,
one of the blue collar comedy tour, like the thing that he is most known for?
Red state hee haw boys. This motherfucker is trying to carve out a fucking earnest
sized niche for himself with his goddamn Larry versus the aliens and secret service Larry.
Griffin, when you said that Larry, the cable guy, is basically playing Larry,
the cable guy in every movie. Did you think I was fucking joking?
No, I mean, I know he is, but like, did you know that he's literally playing a character named Larry?
Yes.
2007, Delta Farce, Larry.
Yep.
Witless Protection, Deputy Larry's-
Oh my god, Tooth Fairy 2, Larry Guthrie. Doug, it's his fucking brand. It's his brand, but you know what, it's also-
He helps Tyler Perry for making him change it for a Madea Christmas. It might just be on the set,
someone's like, he's playing a character called Buddy in Larry, the Cable Guy. I have to imagine
on the set, someone's like, okay, now, Madea, now you're going to lean into Buddy. Wait a minute,
my name's Larry. Yeah, yeah, no.
Yeah, you are.
Yeah, yeah. No, I'm Larry. No, but you're playing the role of Buddy. My name's Larry.
This was such a mistake.
Is it the same character in all of your movies?
Oh my god, he is-
Is it like an earnest level universe in which it's the Larry verse and he just exists as-
It's the Larry verse and he is the observer. He crosses all planes, but he cannot interact with
the human beings therein, and that's why he doesn't-
The fabric of time is nothing to Larry. He can move seamlessly between every different plane
of existence.
Larry the Cable Guy is basically just a coalsaw-suckin' black adder. That's Larry the
Cable Guy for you.
He is the beginning and the ending. Everything is Larry, and Larry is all things.
And now he's using his infinite power to fucking ruin Jingle 1.
He is the alpha and the omega-ter-don.
Oh, Jesus. I'm starting a Twitter campaign. I'm starting a Kickstarter campaign, a Patreon,
just fucking everything, trying to get Simbat on board, and he hasn't answered me at the time of
this recording, so I'm not going to call him a fucking coward, because maybe you will before
this thing gets published, but Simbat, you know what you need to do, and you have my information.
I reached out to Schwarzenegger, too, but I don't think he needs this as bad as Simbat,
and I do, which is to say very badly.
So we're going to continue to try to reach Simbat throughout the program, right?
Yeah, oh God, yeah. Listen, I fucking lost the Battle for a Christmas Story, too.
We all lost the Battle for a Christmas Story, too.
We all lost that one.
This is it. This is the final fucking line in the sand.
This is our Normandy beach.
This is it. If we can't do this, then what the fuck are we doing here?
We're answering people's questions and turning them alchemy-like into wisdom.
That's what we're doing. That's what we came to do.
What's the right place to keep your ketchup? The pantry or the refrigerator?
America's not the best country on earth anymore.
The fucking fabric of our nation is eroding.
Larry the Cable Guy fucking erasing Christmas off the calendar,
and this fucking person even considering putting it in the pantry.
Okay, wait, hold on.
I just want to, for those of you not well versed in jingle all the way, too,
it is jingle all the way, except they've swapped out Arnold Schwarzenegger and Simbat
for two other people trying to find a gift.
It's all sold out.
Yeah, he wants to find it.
He's on an adventure to find it.
You're not calming me down.
I need two dads in a no holds barred battle to be the best father
and make this the best Christmas ever.
Justin, I need you to make some ocean sounds for me or something.
That's nice.
Do you want me to talk to you in the ASMR?
Yeah, no, nobody wants that ever again, actually, after last week.
Finish the question, please. I'm dying.
What are your mom and I wearing hockey pants?
That is pretty much that.
I mean, like you get it, Jess, but like his wife says helps to stay fresh longer.
In the fridge.
In the fridge, but he wants in the pantry because,
wow, I don't want cold ketchup on my hot food.
It's called contrast.
Look up.
You fucking eat in bulk.
It's wonderful.
It's the best.
Ketchup isn't cold at restaurants.
Why would I keep it cold at home?
Yeah, everything at restaurants is fucking gross.
Everything they have there for public, like sharing and consumption.
If you see butter, open butter on a tray or a dish and you think like,
ooh, they have exposed butter on a dish, that must mean this is a fancy restaurant.
No, that means that's dirty butter.
That means that's dirty two-year-old butter.
Old dusty butter.
Don't use that.
You can use salt, I guess.
I'm dusty butter.
Thanks for coming to my roundup.
Sing a few songs, maybe have a few good old gospel tunes
and you're going to meet my whole family.
Here's my little brother, Dusty Butters, and he's on the bench.
Take it away, Dusty.
What's it?
Dusty?
Just remember, here at Dusty Butters, the butter's been on the tables since 1958.
Actually, my grandpa did it.
Other than a few unpleasant races and outbursts, he's still my hero.
And you can throw the butter right on the floor.
Throw the butter on the floor, Dusty Butters.
Don't let grandma slip.
You'll want to stick around for the peanut butter roundup.
That's a dessert.
That also is served on the floor.
Here's the thing.
The restaurant's going to go through a bottle of ketchup a lot faster than you will.
Especially if I roll around, because I'll turn that shit into dunkables.
Yeah, I would love to see a scientific survey on the extent to which people
will demolish a restaurant ketchup bottle, like just completely bathing their dish in
ketchup versus at home when you're like, I don't know, I don't need that much.
Right.
I buy one of those giant Heinzers from the Costco, and I use it at a pace that is so
slow that I could collect enough of that ketchup skin from the top of the bottle to form a child.
I take this conundrum one step farther.
And you know, those things that say how basically like every jar of everything says refrigerate
after opening, I do not understand why you wouldn't just refrigerate it to begin with
so that the first time you use it, it is also cold.
Like if you don't refrigerate it till the first time you use it, it means the first
time you use it, it's bad.
So I'm weird about this.
I will keep ketchup and mustard in the fridge, but like hot sauce, like a Buffalo sauce or
a like a hot sauce I'll keep in the pantry except for sriracha, which I keep in the refrigerator.
I'm just making it up.
We're all playing Calvin ball with our fucking dippers, aren't we?
No, I can justify that, Justin.
Do you want to hear my theory on why you do that?
Go.
The mustard and the ketchup and the sriracha, they're all for dipping and topping.
The hot sauce is for mixing into sauce that you put onto food and therefore bake it so
it doesn't matter if it's cold.
That's not true.
I use Buffalo sauce for-
Well then fuck.
I don't know what you want me to do here, Justin.
I'm trying to justify your weird behavior.
Just put everything in the fridge.
Just you spend a lot of money on that refrigerator.
People spend a lot of time inventing it and it was designed to keep shit fresh.
You know, Teresa and I in moving to L.A., we took like a refrigerator size downgrade
and now we have to like it's a very like Sophie's Choice, like what goes in the fridge.
It's not at all like Sophie's Choice.
Well, I did just lose a full jar of pickles the other day because it got pushed off the
top shelf by some leftovers.
It made me real sad and it took 45 minutes to clean.
But that made quite a mess.
We were in quite a mess.
Quite a pickle.
Stop it.
Are you also are you also writing jingle all the way too?
I am.
They gave me a good dill.
Son of a bitch.
You guys want a yahoo?
Hold on.
Wait, that joke wasn't kosher.
Now do you guys want yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
Yes, please.
Let me relish this for one second.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
This yahoo was sent in.
This is going to be a Vlasic episode.
I can already tell.
This yahoo was sent in by Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by yahoo answers user Devin, who asks, Can you give me step?
Oh, sorry.
Can you gov me step by step instructions on smoking weed?
I have no clue what to do.
This is in general health care.
I'm starting to, I'm starting to really get into how people categorize their yahoo barf.
I mean, here's the thing.
We laugh, but I kind of get where this dude is coming from.
I mean, you got to be a bag of weed right now.
I would not know what to do.
I would probably end up making it in edibles because I would not know.
You'd fuck that up too.
That is an intense process, right?
Yeah, because you got like boil it in olive oil and you got to extract it and you got
to perform the sacred ritual.
Wait, quick note for my nanny.
I bet or so I'm told by the TV.
It just seems to me like in this day and age, like I've never been, I, I, I just as I would
not know how to raise chickens, I just know how to eat them.
Sure.
That is very much how I feel about marijuana.
You bet.
But like, I think it has, I think I've heard people say that you're only supposed to have
the buds in air and not have the nugs buds or, well, then you take the nug and you turn
it into a bud and by, by pruning it.
So not all nugs are buds, but all buds are nugs.
I, I, from what I understand, I bet it's like a broccoli, but you're not supposed to eat
the tree trunk part.
Um, only the leafy, uh, NugBuds, NugBuds.
Well, it's all clear now.
And then you first grind your nugs.
You're going to need a food processor with a very fine settings and you got to do like,
I don't know, man, like two cups at a time.
And what most people don't know you is there's not a very good like ratio to this.
So you start with like a pound and you end up with like half an ounce.
Yeah.
There's a lot of like leftovers.
Yeah, there's a lot of like leftovers you throw.
It's like cotton candy basically.
Yeah.
Justin, you have that cotton candy machine.
Would you think about, I don't know, that form of distillation?
Uh, I'd give it a try.
I'd have to add some sugar just to get a pleasant mouthfeel.
I think.
I don't think that weed would necessarily make great cotton candy by itself.
Well, not unless you got that, um, that sweet grass.
The last time I smoked weed.
You bet.
I watched riding the bus with my sister.
Oh Justin, no.
The movie, if you ever watched is wildly, wildly offensive.
Um, I thought with the help of my friend weed, I thought that it was fucking touching.
So I don't know if I could smoke weed again,
because how do you top riding the bus with my sister?
If someone told me that like the best potency you get from weed is to like,
put it straight up your nose without any processing.
I'd probably buy it.
Especially if this were like nine, if I was like 21 and they were like,
Oh no, no, no.
You just, you sit on it and that's how you, then you'll get high.
I'll be like, Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Are you guys secretly hoping that marijuana does not become legal on a,
on a national level?
Because then you'll be like, Oh yeah, guys, did you, uh, did you hear the great news?
I can't wait to get all of those, uh, nugs and then tear them up and then put them in
paper and smoke them like a cigarette.
I'm, I mostly don't want it to become legal because it's the one thing I'll have to tell
my kids about that might make me seem cool a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like the only taboo thing I've ever done.
That's like, well, you know, I was like, fuck it.
And I did it.
And like in 20 years, my kids would be like, yeah, I'm doing it right now.
Yeah.
I'm doing it.
Hey, open your eyes, old man.
I just got home from school and I'm going to four 20 blaze it.
So graham crackers and orange juice and some nugs for snack time.
I don't get it.
What's the big deal?
I don't understand.
My guidance counselor said it might help show me out.
And he gave me some cool records.
There's another question.
How do you politely ask someone to stop using your Netflix account?
When I first signed up, I let my friend who was very vocal about her financial difficulties
user for free.
I had no problem with it since we were in college and she ended up becoming my roommate
slash best friend.
Four years later, we both have full time jobs.
Yet she still uses my account and even jokes about how she's mooching off me.
I know it's a really small amount of money, but it still bothers me.
She has no plans to get her account.
Now that we're both adults, am I just being selfish and stingy?
That's from the Scrooge McDuck of Netflix streaming.
I mean, on the one hand, it's not like she's using it up.
Yeah, I mean, does Netflix have that thing where only one person can be using it on one
platform at a time or?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I have.
Okay, I share my Netflix account with Sydney's family.
I do get a lot of like, did you want to watch some more Glee?
No, thank you.
Here's some recommendations for things that are likely.
I'm fine.
Thanks.
But in this day and age, you can create different profiles like Teresa and I have separate profiles
that we don't get that we are crossover.
That's a new development like watching weird British horror movies and also animated children's
features.
I'm worried about you.
I've already been contaminated, though.
It already has that in its files for me.
You could watch all five seasons of The Wire and it would still be like, I listen.
Are you ever going to get back on that singing high schooler tip?
Could you?
Hi, I have it.
You need to harness the power of your Netflix by watching the most reprehensible content
you possibly can until your friend no longer wants to be associated with you.
I noticed that you watched all five seasons of my strange eating addiction.
Maybe this isn't working out.
Maybe we can't share this anymore.
Oh, my shit.
I just figured out how we use this to get famous.
More like more like the snuff films you've been watching, looking for something goofy
and where somebody gets murdered for real in real life.
And they filmed it.
You might like this.
We need to make a movie titled How to Tell Your Roommate Your Former Roommate Not to
Use Your Netflix Anymore.
And then how to tell.
Yeah, just looking at it going, hey, stop it.
And you only watch that repeatedly for a year.
So that's the only thing showing up on your recently.
How to murder somebody who is watching your Netflix.
That might be too on the nose.
The only person I know.
You quit it.
The only person I know that got something on Netflix is Hodgman got his special Ragnarok
on there.
So if you haven't watched that, go watch that.
It's great.
Ask him how he did it.
I mean, there is some there is some poopy garbage on that fucking jingle to guaranteed
going to be on the flicks this holiday season.
I do not think it's that hard.
I think we could probably swing this.
Do you guys remember when we used to go into borders and we would go to the computers or
search for things and we would search for like how to blow up a border and then leave?
That was a simpler time.
Oh, God, that was really impact shenanigans.
That was a whoof.
That was that was the 90s, folks.
It was the 90s.
It was different.
It was a different time.
It was a different it was very different.
I think it was the main thing I could say.
Why you change your password and say you canceled it?
No, that's pretty good, too.
And then ask if you can use her Netflix that she starts because you are not you don't
have the finances for it.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
This Yahoo was also sent in by Rachel Sperling.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
I think that they have been deleted.
They asked me and my boyfriend are both emo.
Does that mean our children will be emo, too?
I didn't know.
I didn't know that particular people group and no judgment still existed.
Still around.
If my grandfather was a quarter goth and my grant and my mean, my Meeps was straight edge.
They have four kids.
Two of them will definitely be emo.
One of them will be a straight edge goth, and one of them will be president of the United
States.
Guys, we just fucking invented an America's Next Top Model challenge right now.
I mean, maybe I listen genetics.
I listen to this really fascinating episode of Radio Lab on RNA and it makes you know.
Come on.
Hey, who am I?
Everybody.
I do actually listen to Radio Lab to fall asleep on long plane rides.
It's a great show, though.
And anyway, they're talking about RNA and how it just and just makes you feel like you're
and anyway, they're talking about RNA and how it just informs so many different parts
of your life.
And you probably have like a few TCAGs in there that are just like, hey, hey, hey, guess
what?
You like panic at the disco.
So I don't see why you couldn't pass that along to your spawn.
Can you picture 40 year old emo people?
Yes.
Yeah.
What do you think they look like?
Gene Simmons.
Robert Smith, right?
But he's like, yeah, I guess he's legit.
It's pro demo.
Yeah, I what is norm core?
That's like it's like people just like it's it's the razzle dazzle of cultural groups
of people that are just wearing some jeans.
OK, so wait, it's just like normal.
Yeah.
And then they put a label on it.
Maybe it's a little bit too normal.
And it's like, oh, yeah, I'm eating my oatmeal.
I might put some cinnamon on it because it's Saturday.
It's like we fucking all right.
We get it.
Like John Green, right?
What's that guy up to?
What are you planning, John Green?
And your pleasant shirt and your affable, your affable personality.
What are you up to?
That's the problem.
He's he's actually just a pleasant affable person.
And he's just a little too likable, a little too likable.
The fact that you know his name means he's he's he's been pushed out only because I've
been keeping my eye on him.
Yeah.
The fact that there was something there's something there to keep an eye on.
Let me let me ask you if you've ever heard of this person, John Horkinson.
No, I don't.
I haven't.
You say you guys just don't know the fucking scene.
Here's why I don't trust John Green.
This is a multi-part point, but it's really just the one.
John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Before he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, he was making videos on YouTube.
After The Fault in Our Stars movie came out, he was still making videos on YouTube.
If I wrote The Fault in Our Stars, I would never be on YouTube again.
You would have to come find me.
Somebody in YouTube headquarters has dirt on John Green.
Somebody there had I would know what YouTube like on computers.
Sorry.
Call me back when you're Steven Spielberg because I wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Oh, I'm actually rich and famous enough to use the rich and famous Internet that only
rich and famous people are allowed to use.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A true true American dog is still updated on it.
I've been watching new Strong Bad videos for years.
On the deep, the deep, deep John Green webs.
My girlfriend recently got a job as an administrative assistant at a financial firm.
At the end of the day, we always exchange stories about our day.
The problem is her days and those stories are now really, really boring.
She used to be a teacher and waitress and would have funny bits about students or goofy
customers.
Yesterday, on the other hand, I had to sit there 15 minute epic about some papers that
she misplaced and had to track down.
I love her very much, but office stories are even more boring than dreams.
How do I tell her?
And that's from Inattentive in Illinois.
I really liked Girlfriend, but I feel like it went downhill and like series three when
Aaron Sorkin left and everybody started working at a financial firm just didn't have the
same pop.
Oh, boy, you've misplaced the you've misplaced one report too many.
Shut it down.
What happened to this fucking show?
Here's the here's the facts, dude.
Like, she's not telling you her stories to entertain you like that.
She's telling you her stories to tell you about her dad.
And this is a universe.
Nobody ever tells work stories to entertain anyone unless you're like you have a fucking
super dope life and you're like you're like, I don't know, Steve Buscemi's personal
assistant.
I bet you get lots of delicious dirt pies from that.
And that's the thing.
Like, what's she going to do?
Come home and just be like, hey, how was your day?
You go, I've got nothing like she's going to tell you because this is what she did in
the day.
And it's your job to go, oh, really?
You found the papers.
Well, that's good.
Like, that's your that's what you're supposed to do.
You're not going to spice it up.
I I would say that my job is is very boring to tell stories from.
And but I have I generally attempt to spare Sidney.
I mean, yeah, I think I like I don't say like, well, I don't want to tell stories.
I don't say like, well, I stared at a collection of LEDs in a box for eight hours and got eight
hours older.
And then I pushed a series of buttons on that that changed things on that screen.
And I got probably doxxed.
But other than that, like that's been my day.
Well, there's an important thing here that he didn't say.
How recently did she get it?
Because if it's like three weeks, then she's going to now she's like six months, seven
months in.
Eventually, she'll go like, is it?
I don't know.
It was another day where, like, I was trying to find papers.
What did you do?
Like, if it's really early on, of course, she's going to talk about it.
She's got a new job and she's excited about it.
You could challenge yourself to try to learn more about The Office.
How many people in The Office can you learn their names and job titles and keep track
of their various storylines?
Ask for more info.
Get on board.
This could be your new season of The Office.
This could be your new season of The Office.
It's her office.
Here's another option for you that I just came up with.
Thank you, Brandy.
The new option-
The singer, Brandy?
Thank you, Brandy.
She's here in my office.
She just whispered this in my ear.
She said, what if the next time?
What if you stay so busy that you never have time for work stories again?
Maybe she starts on a work story and you're like, hold on.
Hold on, my queen.
My world, my everything.
Get in the back of this limousine.
We're going to the museum.
And you just like make memories.
So many memories together.
Okay, let me challenge you right now.
Every day you have something planned.
Let me challenge you right now to come up with three more memories on the spot.
Go.
You did limo to museum.
Go.
Limo to museum.
Because this guy's going to be feeling more pressure than this.
Go, Justin.
Go, go, go.
Laser tag with kids from the city mission.
Terrific.
Next, two.
Two.
Gift wrapping at the mall, raising money for charity.
You could talk during that.
You can't talk during laser tag.
We'll give you that one.
But over present wrapping, you could-
You also can't talk in the limousine to the museum.
Shh, it's quiet.
Skydiving.
Skydiving?
Okay.
Are you just about to do the fucking lyrics to that goddamn song?
No, I don't know what song you're talking about.
You could go to a Tim McGraw concert.
You cocksucker.
Be too loud.
What is your job?
What do you do?
Yeah, what's your fucking gig?
What do you do?
He's a skydiving museum employee.
I work at the skydive museum.
Oh, Frederick Henderson was the first person that was like,
I'm going to jump out one in some bitches.
If you look to your right, it's a plane door.
Let's go.
If you look to your right, it's a plane door, let's go.
All right, so Justin, this week we have a new sponsor.
Who's that?
Well, it's a little company called Nature Box.
And, you know, we said, well, let's give them a try.
Well, they just put some twigs and some fucking dirt
and a couple of butterflies on a box and-
No, get this.
It's snacks.
Oh.
It's like natural-
You eat the butterflies?
That are like good for you.
You eat the butterflies?
Yeah, you eat the butterflies instead of chips.
It's a weird new thing that they're doing.
You get a box full of butterflies once a month.
They're offering a free box of them.
Like, not that impressive considering they're butterflies.
You could probably just go grab a-
Oh, like you want to go to the trouble of catching the butterflies
and making them into praline butterflies yourself.
And actually, you know something, my friend Justin Mincer
is getting married next week.
I could buy like four or five boxes of these things
and just like crack them open at the ceremony.
What a wonderful surprise that would be.
It's a multi-tasker.
There's no butterflies in these snacks.
They're delicious wholesome snacks,
but they're like actual people food.
They don't have added sugar in most of them,
or not in most of them,
but some of them don't have added sugar
and some of them are without gluten ingredients.
Most of them don't have butterflies.
Nearly all of them.
You have to look really hard to find the butterflies category.
The sampler boxes that you can get for free
by starting your free trial at naturebox.com slash my brother
all in one word, naturebox.com slash my brother
guaranteed, this is a McElroy brothers guarantee,
won't have butterflies in them.
Just larvae.
Just let me feed you larvae.
If you want to try these out, they've got the actual snacks
like peanut butter nom noms, sweet potato fries.
I'm trying to think, you know what?
It's been a while since I've cracked open
a fresh box of snacks.
I need to re-up my list because I keep eating the same things.
I know fresh toast granola is delicious.
That's one that I very much enjoy.
But anyway, you can get a box of sampler snacks.
Just go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Stay full, stay strong.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and get a free box of delicious snacks.
Travis, tell me about Prosper.
Prosper, well, they sponsored us before,
so you should already know plenty about them,
but they're a peer-to-peer lending group.
Prosper.com, and basically it's if you need a car loan
or you move across the country
or you've got expensive dental work
or something that you're looking for a loan for,
but you don't want to go through a bank,
Prosper is here to help.
Basically, you go to Prosper, you say,
I need anywhere between $2,500 and $35,000
and you get a low fixed rate
without ever sitting foot in a bank.
And other people, other users of the site say,
I'm going to invest in this person.
This seems like a good deal.
So some of their money goes to them
and then they make money off of it.
So it cuts off the middleman of the bank
and it's a convenient way.
It might be a more acceptable way for you.
Maybe you don't like banks.
Well, then Prosper.com is your option.
And right now for a limited time,
listeners of our show get a $50 visa gift card
when you get a loan.
So that's $50 free on top of your loan
that you never have to pay back.
Spend that on some nature boxes
and then sell the contents of those nature boxes.
And that's infinite money right there.
Yeah, you could get up to $35,000 in your account
in three days and a free $50 visa gift card
if you go to Prosper.com slash my brother,
Prosper.com slash my brother,
get yourself a loan, get yourself a better life.
Justin, I'm nervous to ask you to read the legal disclaimer
because last time you did a Jimmy Buffett song.
I'm hoping you're maybe Jimmy Buffett songed out
after releasing your chart topping single on YouTube today.
Yeah, I released a chart topping Jimmy Buffett cover.
I would be lying if I said I didn't deeply enjoy it.
Yeah, it's very good.
It's super good.
Thanks, I'm really glad you like it.
That's at YouTube.com slash M-B-N-B-A-M
if you wanna listen to it.
I've listened to it three times.
Here's the legal disclaimer.
Other restrictions apply.
See, cite for programming visa prepaid card details.
This card is issued by Center State Bank of Florida
in a pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc.
All personal loans are made by a web bank,
a Utah chartered industrial bank.
Member FDIC equal opportunity lender.
That's amazing.
It's amazing.
Like you made me feel it with your slam style.
And also I could tell that you understood
everything you were saying.
All the words, especially the letters.
Thanks FDIC.
Danny Klein, I got a message for you.
We got a Danny Klein around here.
He's a lawyer.
He's got a theme song.
Danny Klein is the way to go.
Call 3-4-6-5-9-9-0.
How do you know it's not?
There's some free advertising for you, Danny Klein.
The Money Zone is brought to you by Huntington area lawyer,
Danny Klein.
So if you kill someone at a live show, you're covered.
Oh, our live shows can be such a hoot nanny.
Can we say the name of the person who it's from?
Because I feel like we really buttfucked it.
Stephanie Vigiano.
Stephanie says, it's been a hilarious and wonderful four years
to the guy who has the utmost appreciation of the absurd.
Speaking of, Dan inserts his full name into any song
as he sings it.
Seriously, guys, try it.
Rocket Man by Elton John particularly works.
Do you mean like, Danny Klein?
And is one of the best and most caring people I know.
Happy anniversary, Danny.
Here's to many more.
I miss my dog so much.
I'm Danny Klein.
It does work.
It's a pretty good name.
I got a message for Lydia Lee, which is a really fun name to say.
It's from your brother, your sister-in-law, and your sister.
And he is Danny Klein.
He shall be a good man.
Here's the message.
Is it just Elton John songs that works?
Any Elton John song.
Goodbye, Danny Klein.
Hold me closer, Danny Klein.
Got a message for Lydia Lee.
Yeah, we're in it.
We're deep, deep in the Lydia Lee event.
Welcome to your message, Lydia Lee.
Welcome, Lydia Lee.
Hey, Lydia, have you heard of this Danny Klein fella?
A lot of buzz about this Danny Klein guy.
It's the Danny of Klein.
Lydia Lee, here's a message for you.
It's from your brother, your sister-in-law, and your sister.
They say, happy birthday, Lydia Lee.
We got you this message instead of Mueller Thurgauss,
because we don't know what those are.
Clearly, neither the fuck do I.
Grapes, maybe?
Whatever.
Enjoy your day.
Here's to many more years of one-stepping and asymmetrical
haircuts.
You're the best.
Do kind of sound like the best.
I very much enjoyed that Lydia said specifically what she
wanted, and these people said, I'm not going to Google that.
How about an ad on a podcast?
Hope she listens.
Hope she listens to it.
Boy, I just Googled it, and it's a German, and so I can't tell.
But there's a picture of grapes, so I'm going to say grapes.
Yeah, good job.
Yeah.
You got it in one.
We have one more ad this week.
It's for my friend Bernie's show.
It's called The Kill Corporation.
You can go to www.thekillcorporation.com.
It's super cool.
So do you have a grievance?
Want that corner office?
Wish your neighbor would stop putting garbage in your can?
Contact The Kill Corporation today.
Basically, what it is is the concept of the show is in a
world where you can submit your grievance, then they
arbitrate, and the loser is killed.
Jesus Christ.
So that way, you don't have to ever deal with them again.
You win, and it's done.
On their web page, www.thekillcorporation, they have a bunch of people
submitted testimonials and that kind of thing.
And I submitted one, and it's on there.
And it's about me doing a podcast.
And go check it out.
Did you win?
Clearly, you won, or else you wouldn't be sitting here.
I mean, I did win.
So there's a spoiler.
But go listen to it or watch it.
It's very, very funny.
And then watch the show.
Watch all eight episodes.
It really is a super cool concept.
And they just need views.
You don't have to spend money or anything like that.
Just go watch it.
It's like the easiest thing in the world.
It's a really good name, too.
Yeah, right?
The Kill Corporation.
That's cool.
The website's neat, too.
I watched some of the first episode before we started here, and it is cool.
I'm going to go watch more.
So go check it out.
Happy birthday, nature box, and prosper.
Rocket Man.
Everything.
Rocket Man.
Do you want to do one more before we get back to regular questions?
Goodbye, Danny Klein.
I'll do that one.
Did you do that one?
OK.
I sat on the roof.
I kicked off Danny Klein.
He's dead now.
Play us a song, you're the Danny Klein.
OK, well, that's William Joel.
That's Dr. William Joel.
Can't make a living as a Danny Klein anymore.
Don't let the Danny Klein go down on me.
Can you feel the Danny Klein?
It's really good.
I'm Danny Klein better than I ever did.
Don't go, Danny.
Danny Klein's all right.
Fight him.
OK, that's pretty good.
OK, we're pretty good.
We're done.
Now we're done.
Let's focus on it.
Let's get serious about this comedy.
Hey, everybody, I'm Emily.
And I'm Lisa.
We co-host Baby Geniuses every other Monday on Maximum Fun.
We interview comedians, musicians, cartoonists, circus clowns, and experts in the field of
vacations, the afterlife, cool recipes, self-improvement, fashion, candy, beach boys,
girls, turtles, pop twists, women, dating, fitness, presidents, air removal, conflict
resolution, Santa, meditation, babies, modern dinosaurs, bullying, crop circles with beetles,
middle-aged men, experts, teens, life hacking, rhyming, baby talks, personal organization,
the named expert, Frasier, extreme eating, groceries, being a best friend, movement,
jam, art education, America's money is home videos, stockbroking, spooky stories, genealogy,
riddles, Pinterest, IT, magic, revenge, mothering, dogs, ayahuasca, Hollywood legends, street racing,
fitting in, celebrity, sex, vehicle, personal training, the ocean, Dennis the Menace, modern
poetry, sugar flyers, Jimmy Buffett, pranks, The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, Mountain
Dew, theme park safety, dinner parties, butterflies, raccoons, pasta shapes, and Bob Dylan.
Join us every other Monday.
I'm a college student, which means I attend a lot of events and meetings.
Usually with those events, pizza is offered. My question is, is if there are three or four
boxes of pizza there, how many slices are acceptable to eat? Should I just go with one
or push the boundaries and eat three? That's from Munchen in Millageville.
My jam, and I don't know what y'all's jams is, your respective jams, but is to eat until I can't
anymore. And that goes for whatever.
You know, I was actually, I was thinking about this and I guess my response is, how many do
you want? Start there and then think about how many do you need and how many people there are.
Because if there's like four boxes of people and four boxes of people, oh shit, get them out of
there. If there's four boxes of pizza and a hundred people, maybe just take one.
I have never been to a meeting where pizza was offered. What the fuck? I've never had a pizza
meeting. You've never like done in college, like you get together a bunch of friends to study and
order some pizza? That's not a meeting. That's a study group. He also says events.
Okay, but not meetings. Guys, who's ever been like, listen, we really got to get these reports
filed today and here's some za party. Nobody's leaving this room until we figure out a way to
save this campaign. Who wants veggie? Pass that sweet daddy's ranch. Well, I, okay. So let's apply
it to like donuts or like- No, why do you want to fucking, why you think we've already solved
this conversation? We have to move on to donuts. Pizza is its own animal. Pizza ethics are a
completely separate issue. I have a thing and you wouldn't suspect it because I'm overweight,
but I have a thing that whenever there's like group food, like where people have to like line
up to get group food- No, no, you're not. Oh, yeah, a little bit delayed. Okay, thanks. I have
to hang back. Like I don't like to wait in line for food. I like to wait until everybody eats and
then go up and swoop afterwards. I used to think it was because like, it's awkward being an overweight
person lining up for food. Like I'm waiting for it. Like I just can't, I got to get in as soon as
I can. But now I think it's so I can like kind of get whatever I want and not have to worry too much
about it. Cause everybody else had their shot. But that's- You know, I used to just take extra.
You know, I used to just take extra because I was so worried that someone else was going to take
extra and not leave any like leftovers to go back to second. Oh, I'm that person. Oh, the whole time
the killer was me. Yeah. I'm an unreliable narrator. Travis's Twilight Zone is a world of Travis's.
That's his horrifying- I just assumed that everyone thought the same of me and said like,
oh, this is free. I'm going to take as much as I want. So that way I can make sure someone else
doesn't take it all. I'm actually coming to the realization. Oh my God, this is horrifying that
at parties and weddings and formal and informal events anywhere on the formality spectrum events
when the, when there's like a person who gets up and is like, okay guys, thanks for coming.
Dinner is served. So everybody have at it. And then they gesture at somebody as if to say, like,
you seem like the kind of person that's going to kick this thing off. It's almost, it's almost
always me. This literally happened at my friend Clint's wedding where his dad was like,
said led a short prayer and it was like, okay, everybody, thanks for coming to this great wedding.
Let's get this party. And then he almost like winked at me, like started as if to say like,
Griffin, you deserve the first play or maybe Griffin, why don't you break the ice here?
Well, cause you're already standing in line. Am I like, do I just, I'm not,
but do I just have the face of like an eager, hunky boy?
You do have kind of a hunky boy face. I'm not like that. You just have an, in general,
like comfortable being the good time guy face. That's probably it. I'm not like a super big boy,
but I am. I guess I do like sort of give off a hunky vibe. Like I just,
hunky for life, hunky for life. Yeah. I just want to eat, eat, eat life right off the cob,
eat life right off the cob. Um, so you don't need anyone to cut your life off for you first
and then eat it with a fork. I'm saying that I'm saying that this is a valuable position that I
fill at a lot of parties, weddings and, and, um, brises and that like everybody feels uncomfortable.
Everybody is adjusting. Nobody wants to be the first person at the table. Everybody's waiting
for somebody to break the ice. And whenever that happens, do you ever really judge that person?
No, of course not. Unless they are a Travis, not you. Do you know what I do judge people when,
um, they are hovering when the announcement is made that food is now on offer. Like you look
at the table and there's some hoverables just like chilling. That is solidly pre-Theresa Travis.
Yeah. That is a no hand gently laid on the forearm by his loving wife, Travis.
As if to say, let's be third in line as a full blown tiny tunes to as Travis. Yes. Travis thinks
he was lucky to meet Theresa, but I assure you we are the lucky ones. The rest of us at the buffet.
You guys want to Yahoo? Hit me. This Yahoo was sent in by level. Oh man. I actually wrote his
name as Drew Davernport. That's a different guy. That's a different person, but now I have to go
back and check. Did Drew Davernport send this in? Drew Davernport. Drew Davernport. And there's a
couple oom louts in there. Thank you. Drew Davernport. It's by Yahoo answers user evening
primrose who asks accidentally invented boyfriend. Danny and the clients. These girls at school kept
teasing me about talking to a boy and we're like, pull, pull, pull. What? What were they saying?
Pull or were they pulling at you? Well, I don't know. Ooh. And I got so asterisks off. I got so
dicked off that I said, shut up. I already have a boyfriend. I'm not the datey type. So they started
to ask all these questions. It was end of school. This happened as we were walking home. So I faked
a text from my mom and left real quick, but I won't get away so easy tomorrow to shit. I won't
get away so easy to Mo's at school. Help. No idea what to do. No idea what the question is. Is this
cyber bullying? Did we just get cyber bullied? Wait. So the, they were teasing and pulling
and then they were making taffy during a leisurely walk home from, from the academy.
And she said, leave me alone. I've already got a boyfriend. Right. And they went, Oh,
tell me anything about this boyfriend. And she went, did you guys hear that? It was my phone
as my mom's. I gotta go. She left real quick. I'm going to bet, but they didn't buy it.
Maybe it depends on how convincing that mom text was. If you, if you, if you reached in your pocket
and said, whoops, and then you grabbed onto the back of a garbage truck passing by and just
disappear and a puff of smoke. Has anyone ever done anything like that? And like the said to
the bullies, like, no, it's cool. I've already got a boyfriend or girlfriend or you wouldn't know
where or something like that. And they went, Oh, okay. Well, sorry. I'm sorry that we said anything
that fucking college football player. It was kind of that situation. I would say it was the exact
opposite of that situation, girlfriend. Cause he said, I've got a girlfriend. And then people
said, I don't think you do means that I'll prove it. And she was made up. Man, Titeo.
Whew. Oh, good call. Thanks Google. Um, what? Okay. Out of curiosity, what was that search string?
Uh, I searched for Hawaiian football girlfriend knew from the producers of Jingle all the way too.
Was he Hawaiian? Yeah, he was. Uh, God, thanks. Thanks again. Google really saving my
bacon. Um, how do you gingerly crab walk out of this situation? Tell him he died the night
after you told him about, oh, sorry. I'd love to, but he died. Can you stop talking about
it? Sorry. I'd love to, but he died. Can you stop teasing me? I, he, he, he, I got a real fault in
our stars situation on my hands. I told him they were teasing me and he felt so bad about it that
he went out to get me some flowers. And while he was out, he interrupted a robbery and saved a
little boy, but he was shot to death. He went, he felt so bad about it. He went out to get me
some ice cream, but on his way back, the ice cream fell off the cone onto the floor and he leaned
over to pick it up and he ran headlong into a car in the car. He in the car didn't make it.
You got decapitated. Treasure every moment. Cause you never know. Cause you never know.
Treasure each moment on this earth. Yolo. And then say, you can still feel his spirit near you
and then, and then just pretend to be haunted by him for the rest of your school career. And
you won't have to worry about having a boyfriend again. There you go. I can't, I can't risk being
hurt like that again. Now that fucking guy who catfished Tao could have pulled, could have,
could have saved him a lot of indecency, but I can't be your girlfriend anymore. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I died. I'm sorry. I died 50 years ago this very night. There's never been a Hawaiian
football girlfriend here. Not for 50 years. What's your Hawaiian girlfriend's name again?
Large March. That was your first clue. Let's end this show. Yeah. I think that's the only thing
to do here. Uh, you've been listening to my brother, my brother and me,
uh, an advice show for the modern era. Um, we are on Twitter. If you want to follow us there,
it's at NB and BAM. Uh, we're on YouTube traveling at some hot hits on YouTube, right? Yeah. Uh, well,
first of all, if you haven't seen the animated shorts do that, they're like the best. Thanks,
Tyler Crowley. They're amazing. Um, we also put up some just kind of short, you know, one to five
minute long clips of different, uh, different bits of the show, um, so that you can share them with
your friends and share them on your Facebook page and share them however you choose to share them
and help get the word out. We're not charging for those obviously cause they're, but you know,
on YouTube. So if you like something, if you like a thing that we put up there, like the only way
we know that and the only reason we have to keep making more of that thing is if you share it with
people and lots of people watch it, that's how we'll determine, you know, whatever we'll, we'll
do next. So, um, make sure to spread those around, put them on your face, facey pages and book looks
and if you have any requests, if you stay like, oh, I'd love to have this video clip so I can
share it with all my friends. Go on the, um, uh, my brother, my brother and me Facebook appreciation
group, join that and then tell us about it because you know, we're just doing the ones that we feel
what we're good or that other people have asked for. So if there's one you really want, let me
know. And if you have a desire to like draw any illustrations or fan art or anything, I'd love to
put those on the videos. It makes me really happy to use those and give you guys some credit for
them. So if you've got something like that, you can email it to us or put it up on the Facebook.
Um, I, is it time to thank John Roderick? I never know. We are, our housekeeping is so robust
nowadays. Um, uh, okay, here it goes. I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the
use of our theme song. It's a departure, which is off the album, putting the days to bed. Had a few
people, um, ask if we would do the, the switch I proposed last week to, um, some, some hot, uh,
Japanese electronica a la capsule. Um, but I think we're going to stick with the, the Long Winters
song cause it's really great, but I am still thinking about that for that forecast. Um,
we also want to say thanks to nature box again. Um, nature box where you can get great tasting
snacks. I assume you guys have already gone to check it out, but if you haven't, please go to
nature box.com slash my brother, not for us, but for you, you can sign up and get a free sampler
blocks. Why aren't you doing that? Just do it. Um, if did you already ask for candlelight's
questions? No. Uh, our candlelight special is coming up December, uh, December,
coming up December, was it 21st? Correct. Uh, in, in Huntington, West Virginia. Um,
if you're going sound off into the Facebook group, I've seen a lot of people talking about like
hotels and shit to do. Justin wrote up a blog post, uh, of shit to do in Huntington. Um, so,
so that I'm sure will be very helpful if you want to send in questions to that show, whether you're
going to be there or not, um, please do that. Just put candle lights in the subject line and,
and we will definitely consider it. Uh, also keep in mind that there is no bar at the city hall.
So get drunk beforehand and it'll make the show way funnier. Uh, this final Yahoo was
sent in by Ryan Barry. Thank you, Ryan Barry. It's by Yahoo answers user Wilson who asks,
why do people still eat corn on the cob?
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm my brother, my brother, and me. Kiss your dad. Score on the lips.
Maximum fun.org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned. Listener supported.
Hi everybody. I'm Justin McElroy. And I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy. Every Tuesday,
we bring you saw bones, a marital tour of misguided medicine, a show about all the dumb,
weird, terrible ways that we've tried to fix each other over the years. You know,
some light summer listening. Maybe you want to hear about yogurt enemas or why we tried
to eat mummies for a while or why drinking cholera diarrhea sounded like a good idea.
That and so much more is waiting for you every Tuesday right here
on the maximum fun network with saw bones, a marital tour of misguided medicine.
