The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era. My name
is Justin McElroy, and I've brought the two of you here because I have some big news.
Hit me with your rhythm stick. I am going to be a mother. Justin.
I am. God, so many emotions running through my mind and my heart right now. I'm flabbergasted.
I would say the overwhelming emotional feeling is confusion. Is confusion an emotion?
I have a lot of that, but it's overridden slightly by excitement.
Thanks, Trudy. Mainly I'm bringing this up. I waited until today. Obviously, I just want you
guys to treat me super special today. Just really super duper special. How far along are you?
Four or five, I feel like. You're four or five along?
Which trimester is that? I think it's one of them,
definitely. One of the big ones that everybody really likes to have. Have you been practicing,
you know, Pilates? Spreading it. Kegels? Pilates, Kegels. Here's the secret. You don't want to do
Kegels. You do not want it tight down there. You want it limber. You want it loose. You want to do
anti-Kegels. You want to be loosey. You know, I had an anti-Kegel once. You know, I had a
spaceship powered by anti-Kegels. Really? Yeah, it was the logistical improbability of them
was enough to make the ship go. Listen, guys, I just really, the main thing for me is that you
just treat me really nice. And even if on the off chance I never bring up being a mother again,
can't imagine that happening. Now, Justin, what would you say to your haters that might accuse
you of just trying to capitalize on the Mother's Day attention? Gosh, that is so like the younger
generation, you know? Yeah. You know, the kids, they're just all, they're all plugged in. And
I'm really, part of being a mom that you have to understand, Travis, I suspect, is that when the
young, when the younger generation doesn't, basically where there was one set of footprints
in the sand is where I carry them. Okay. So there's, it's all jealousy, right? Like that time
article on millennials, like it really, it touches on that point a lot how this, this generation of
human beings doesn't have the male uterus. You know what I mean? They can't carry, men can't
carry a human being to term in this particular generation. That's right. I do not know why.
It's like children of men. Literally, it's exactly literally like children of men. Oh my God, what if
they did a sequel to that movie and they did a mashup with that, with Junior, with the Arnold
Schwarzenegger movie where he gets pregnant? That would be, that's how I'm a mom. I meant to tell you
also, I have Junior disease. You saw the movie or whatever it was. He's got Junior disease.
I have Junior, Junior disease that makes a baby throw at you. I got Junior. I caught secondhand
Junior from watching my laser. I was watching my laser disc of Junior and I caught secondhand Junior
and now I'm a male mom, a manther, if you will. Is that like a panther? I won't. It's like a panther.
Well, if my cubs are in danger, it is. My babies, my single baby, maybe two babies. Oh, I'm a single
baby. Justin, is it disheartening though? Cause you've lost so much weight this year that you're
just going to put on. Just putting it right back on that baby fat. Well, it's important. It's, you
know, I won't mind knowing that my baby is just reaching up with his fat little fetus hand and
grabbing globules of that fat and eating it for nourishment. I won't feel so bad about it. I want
him to have a good food supply. That is how, that is how it works. It's like a bowl weevil in a
watermelon. Just emptying it out. It's like James, you got, it's basically a James and the Giant
Peach scenario. Yeah. I'd like to make a name recommendation, please. Baby fat. Okay. It's a
little unknown. You're saying that you're saying the thing that it is to you biologically speaking
in a biological context, that baby is nothing but an extra eight pounds that you have to,
that you have to transport for a while. I think it fits. So make sure the two of you,
did you introduce yourselves? I mean, obviously it's not our special, it's not our special day.
You know what I mean? I would prefer you did not introduce yourselves. If that's,
if that's, that's fine. Yeah. It's your, it's we can give you that from other stuff.
Yeah. Thank you. Uh, let's, uh, let's do, I do want to help other people though.
And that's really what being a mom's all about for me is just, gosh, just never stop it. It's
like being, it's just being pecked to death by ducks, right? It's like being pecked to death
by ducks. How do I respond to complainers? I often find myself at the receiving end of some sort of
rant. People were accounting bad customer service experiences, ways their friends have slighted
them and so on. What's the best way to react? Complaining is a pet peeve of mine, but I don't
want to be rude. Do I agree with them? Stay neutral. I try to be noncommittal and let them vent,
but I'm worried my annoyance shows through. What should I do? That's from complained out
incarnation. It's a nice name for a town carnation. It is nice. It is nice. Um,
too bad everything sucks there. Apparently carnation, the negativity capital of the world.
I, yeah, apparently everybody's grumped. I'm right there with this part. They're not, oh God,
nobody gives a shit. Nobody gives a shit about the poor service you received unless it's hilarious.
Yeah, that's, that's sort of my MO is I, I seriously, I never complain unless I can like
tie some sort of entertainment. Like I want people to hear about how hard my life is, but I know that
I don't want to put upon them the, the boring ass stuff that people have done to slight me. So I'll
work a goof in there or two. You know what I mean? Even if you have to make one up, because also I
find, especially when it comes to like customer service things and stuff, someone's going to be
like, and she, it took like 10 minutes to get it done. Like all I'm sitting there thinking is,
well, maybe it was a really complicated thing or they were really busy and you're just whining
for no reason. Like there's always a certain amount of like perspective on it that makes the
person seem just like a whiner. You should tell them, you should make them watch. This is water
is this video I watched or any, any, any number of, of Netflix documentaries. How about dear,
how about dear Zachary? Oh man. Oh shit. Oh man. They served me my coffee and it was lukewarm when
it got to the table. Oh man. Well, at least your dad's alive. You should keep a, you should keep
a series of pictures in your pocket at all times of like the Chilean miners emerging or like that
lady they saved from the rebel, rebel of the Bangladesh factory after being buried alive for
14 days or what have you just slow as their story continues, just slowly start edging it up over the
lip of the table. Just slow. Oh, you can do a little fun little, you can do a little fun little
thing where you pretend that is the Chilean miners emerging, emerging from below and be like, Oh,
and you can do like a fun voice. You can do like a fun voice like, Oh, you had to wait at the DMV
for how long we waited in the underground frigid caverns, which is like a DMV, I guess.
Did you just curious, did you have to eat your underwear at any point? Was that part of your,
no. Okay. All right. We're the tiny Chilean miners that live under this table and we're here to tell
you that you need to chill the fuck out. Um, yeah, there's no, you don't think any
complainers listen to our podcast, do you? No. Well, no, I know for a fact some do.
Anytime the goofs, the goofs get a little dry. When the goofs fall fast. We might get an email
from a Chilean miner. We go to the old goof well sometimes there ain't nothing but dust in there.
And man, do we ever hear about it? Well, it's like being a farmer and people saying that you
got spots in your tomatoes when you're in the market. Like, I know it's been a dry season.
We need to start replying to those tweets, pictures of the Chilean miners.
From now on, if you complain about our show, that's what you get. You get a JPEG, a low res
JPEG of the Chilean miners. They would have loved that entertainment. Even the bad episodes,
they would love it. They would conquer the language barrier. I think they would connect
with something. Well, they could listen to the Spanish language version of her. The guy that
does Travis's voice is out of control. That's Travis because he's eating two hamburgers.
Necesito un bocadillo. I mean, I need a big sandwich.
Exactly. All of these things are things that Travis has said today,
and it's 10.14 in the morning. Travis has eaten two hamburgers and a giant sandwich,
and it's 10.14 in the morning. Yo soy Alphonse.
That's one of the few sentences I know. That's not even the Fonz's classic catchphrase.
He often would just go places and state for a fact that he was the Fonz.
Hello, yes, I am the Fonz. Hey, let me just bump this soda machine real quick. Oh, hurt my elbow.
I would love to watch an episode where Fonz was ineffectual.
He's actually trying to get a table at Arnold's, and he just has to loudly announce,
I am the Fonz. Can I drop a truth bomb on you guys real quick? Something I want to think about.
Sure. Okay, so welcome to Travis's Pondering Corner.
Oh god, is it going to be entertaining at all, or is this something I'm just going to have to
edit out of the show? I think so. Okay. If you hear 40 seconds of silence, you know what happens.
As I was listening, as I was going through the emails last night, we got an email from Robin,
and Robin made an excellent point that we have a tendency to use phrases like man up or nut up or
something along those lines. I don't think I say nut up ever.
I don't think I've ever said nut up. What about sack up?
No, these are all things I don't think I'd say. Grow a dick?
Grow a dick? Grow a dick is something I've never even heard Fled Lode said.
So, the phrase man up. I do think it's kind of funny.
I don't like these phrases anymore, and so now I was thinking about it,
and I came up with a phrase that I would like to enter into the lexicon to start using.
Okay. Power up.
Power up? Yeah, so when someone's like,
I want to ask a girl out, but I'm too nervous, you say power up and do it.
Can we say power up? What about genitals?
How about genitals up? Or just-
Ginny up. Gin's up.
Gin's up, everybody. What's wrong?
What about Ginny up? I like Ginny up because that says,
no matter what your genitals are, just find them.
Just find the power of your vagina or penis. Ginny up.
I kind of like Ginny up. Ginny up, everybody.
All right, that's in it now. Let's get it on some shirts.
Let's t-shirt it. T-shirt it.
Tweet it, Facebook it. But I'm afraid to Facebook it.
Our Deedles campaign did not catch on. Because I edited it out completely.
I edited every utterance of Deedles from the last episode completely out of the show.
You freed the Deedles from the Disney vault campaign, you edited it out?
Yeah, and I'm going to get it this time too. You're terrible.
No, it's way better if you leave it in this time.
Okay, I'll leave it in this time. To let people think about what might have been.
To let people know that the fucking Dead Sea Scrolls of episode 151
buried in a cave somewhere where we talk about the hit Disney film Meet the Deedles.
Free the Deedles.
Free the Deedles. Hashtag Deedles.
Good, good, good comedy. Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please, anything.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
It's Drew. It's by Yahoo. It's user Nick who asks,
My mom took my swag. How do I steal it back?
Yeah, like a month ago, my mom caught me chiefing a cig.
She then took all my snapbacks and proceeded to tell me that she took my swag.
At first it seemed a little stupid, but now I no longer feel the urge to smoke cigs
or wear bulls' snapbacks. How do I steal the swag back?
Hold on.
A snapback is a type of hat with a basketball logo on it.
Thank you.
I Google image searched it.
Thank you very much.
And what is chiefing a cig?
That is when you smoke a cigarette with your butt. No, I'm just kidding. I don't know.
I assume it's smoking. It's just a cool thing that we don't know about because we're old now.
Okay.
Okay. So you've never heard of like having having a chief having a chief.
Oh, I'm I'm going to step outside of this bar and just have a chief.
No.
Have a have a long chief or a chuff.
Can I get a chief off your your cigarette friend?
No, you can have no chiefs.
Um, kind of achieve his mom is like his mom is like mentalist in him, right?
I don't even know. I don't know what he has ever watched the mentalist.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Sorry, you guys. Lots of people have watched the mentalist me 40 year old women.
Lots of people.
So can you explain what you mean though?
Mentalist thing is when the mentalist says a word or phrase and you're like,
uh, whatever, but then it creeps in your consciousness.
And like two days later you call him back and you're like,
yeah, I'm ready to tell you everything.
You need to that's inception.
That's it.
Call it inception.
That's a way bigger blockbuster smash.
Inception happens in dreams.
You guys mentalist thing happens in real life.
Did you guys see that Christopher Nolan movie?
It came back.
It came out a few years ago because I saw it in Chicago.
That was like 2011.
It was called Mentalisters.
It was called Mentalisters.
And it was about people who mentalist each other by going into their psyches.
I'm just tired of Travis trying to gerund every CBS series.
I know.
He tried to do so.
He tried to get Survivoring going forever.
That didn't work out.
He tried to get NCIS Los Angeles thing going.
That did not work out.
I'm just sick of it.
I want you guys to know that I've actually just mentalistic you.
And like two weeks from now someone will say something like,
oh, like mentalist thing.
Travis, you are not the origin of nearly as many zeitgeists as you think you are.
Maybe I am.
Okay.
In two weeks we're going to realize that Travis is the origin of every zeitgeist.
Two possible scenarios for this situation.
Either the mom took his swag away to punish him.
Or because she's trying to rekindle the flame of her youth.
Trying to fucking throw on some snapbacks and chief a few puffers.
I see.
So mom wants mom wants swag for a day.
Mom wants the feels.
Oh my god, the new ABC Family hit movie, Swag for a Day.
I was going to say Patricia Heaton.
How did you know?
Because I mentalist-ed you.
Oh god damn it.
The middle ding ding us.
Yeah, it's Patricia Heaton.
She takes her son's cigs, takes his bulls cap, throws it on.
Goes to the mall, smokes in the mall.
Security guard's like, you can't smoke in a mall.
She's like, I can.
I gave birth.
And then, because I'm a mother.
And then he's like, I think I love you.
And then they fall in love.
It's a prequel to the middle.
We also on this program, I'm trying desperately to picture this scenario, this movie.
Mainly so I can remember it later.
And write it down and sell it.
But we on this show have proven ourselves incapable of distinguishing Patricia Heaton
from the mom on Home Improvement.
We used, we have on many occasions used these two women interchangeably.
Who is the mom on Home Improvement?
Patricia Cheefin.
The evil twin of Patricia Heaton.
Or the good twin.
I've heard some negative things about Patricia Heaton.
Patricia Richardson.
Okay, see, these are not the same women.
Even though every other sign would point to them being the same person.
Well, one is a, sorry, one is a complete neocon psychopath.
Wait, really?
Yeah.
Which one?
Patricia Heaton, I would say, is not a friend to the gay community.
You're kidding me.
I just saw her yesterday.
She seemed so nice.
But Griffin, everybody loves Gaiman.
Oh my god, did you guys know that the BBC ordered an everybody loves Raymond remake?
Everyone cares deeply for Raymond.
Let's get back to the heart of the matter.
By the way, this question was posted in Etiquette.
This is a proper, polite way of asking my mom for my swag back.
I don't think you can, I don't think the hat doesn't make the swag.
I think we all know that, right?
No, no, it helps.
It does help, but it is a swag modifier.
But the swag has to bloom from within.
Right, the swag starts in your heart when you accept Jesus Christ into your life.
Mm-hmm, and you accept his love and forgiveness for all your-
You got a swag filled hole that only Jesus can fill.
Right.
Jesus is the ultimate swag.
You look at like 2 Chainz, Feral, Feral, have you heard this rapper Feral?
He has a sample on the Daft Punk track, and it's just him eating a deer.
We're up all night to eat garbage.
We're up all night to bite babies.
We're up all night to foam at the mouth.
We can't pay Daft Punk any more royalties for that song, unfortunately.
Yeah, next question, here we go.
At in my, oh, man, if this was at Mother's Day, you guys would have given me such a hard time
for missing that read up.
Here, let me try again.
At my college, there is a girl I really like.
I met her once at the beginning of the semester, but didn't get her name,
and recently saw her in the library and approached her.
Besides coming off a bit strong, I don't really like her.
We got on well, and I asked her if we could have coffee sometime, to which she agreed.
She then added me on Facebook.
When I checked out her profile, though, it said she was interested in women, not men.
Should I trust this and give up on her?
Advances of romance or ask her out and hope for the best?
That's from confused Facebooker in Bandura.
We are, I don't know, guys, about this one.
We are so unqualified.
We are on perhaps the thinnest ice of our career on this one.
I, I'm willing to skate on it and just plunge right through.
Well, yeah, can I just, this feels like a stumper to me.
Can I just, this feels like a stumper to me.
This feels like I'm-
I'm worried that we may say something accidentally that will
make this episode palatable only to Patricia Heaton, if that makes sense.
No, I mean, like, I don't, I mean, I really, I honestly,
I feel like I've reached the event horizon of my, my ability to put myself into a situation.
There are just so many twists and turns on this one.
I don't, I don't know.
Let's, let's start with the, with some of the codified parameters of this question.
Let's start with some of the heuristics.
For instance, on Facebook, it says she's interested in women, but for what?
You know, for friendship?
For companionship?
Because that's, that is a possibility to checkmark on Facebook, but probably not.
Probably not at all.
Probably not that at all.
Okay, I'm going to say this, and because this is a zone of friendship and safety,
as all internet is.
No, we are in the fucking danger zone right now.
This is our fucking Kobayashi Maru, Travis.
What ruined this was about like, uh, six or eight years ago.
This really stupid trend of people claiming they were married to their best friends.
You're saying that this person put that as their Facebook status as a goof
and then forgot to change it.
No, no, no.
I'm saying that it muddied the water and made it, made people unable to trust
what they see on Facebook.
Okay.
Because there was this seed planted eight years ago of like,
well, people joke around on Facebook all the time.
Okay, I know, I do know what Travis is saying.
I don't know that that's, I mean, I don't know that that's particularly helpful.
No, I don't think so either, but I'm saying there's no,
that's what allows someone to see that interested in women and go,
yeah, but maybe not like it's, it's a crazy thing to think, but that's why.
Well, but I mean, you're right, Travis.
Like I, I recently had to update my Facebook page
to remove some likes that I put on there in like 2004.
I had to, I had to manually delete some Rotten Tomatoes Facebook reviews
I had written about hit films like Garden State,
or I had to talk about how meaningful it was to me.
I had to, I had to manually delete my review of the time machine,
the hit film, the time machine, the remake.
So yes, Travis, I feel, I feel you, I do feel you,
but I think that most people have made the switch.
Most people made the jump.
I'm sure that most people's info is probably pretty accurate.
Now let's say this though.
Maybe, maybe you should adjust your expectations.
You should definitely adjust your expectation.
That doesn't mean you can't, you know, hang out with this person.
Yeah.
Obviously hang out with them.
See what happens.
Not, no, don't see what happens.
Don't, don't see what happens.
Just hang out with them.
Cause you like them.
Just hang out with them and use your like,
like just use your heart and try to keep your head on a swivel
and see if you could assess your situation.
I feel like, cause my impulse was to tell this person
that they should, that they should ask,
like just bring it up and have a conversation about it.
But like literally that's a real, that's a real do as I say,
not as I do moment.
Cause I would not have that conversation
if I was not equipped with a jet pack.
If you didn't have one of those things that they use
for special effects on action movies that rip you back.
I need a guy to say at any moment to like,
oh, he's out, he's out, he's out.
Pull him out.
You need some kind of like a communicator device to say,
I need an extraction and then you're gone.
Yeah.
I need, I basically need the team from Armageddon
to like lower me in.
Yeah, but I don't know.
Just, I mean, I would give this,
regardless of the sexual orientation or gender
of anybody in this situation,
I would say don't, just don't go into it thinking like
tonight, tonight's the night.
I'm finally gonna, it's finally gonna happen for me.
Sexually speaking, just go into it saying
I'm gonna have a good time with this person.
I'm gonna meet somebody.
I'm gonna get to know people.
Maybe we'll maybe end up being best friends.
Maybe we'll end up being best friends.
Maybe that Facebook status is false
and maybe it'll be more than that.
But I don't know.
I would be uncomfortable canceling any plans based on that
because then you're being a real heathen.
You just gotta ginny up
and you gotta just have a frank conversation with this person.
I agree.
It doesn't have to be frank, like walk in the room,
go, so what's the deal?
Yeah.
You can just, it can come up in conversation
as you're talking about, you know,
that getting to know you stuff, you know,
like, you know, so you seeing anybody,
you know, that kind of stuff, you know,
let it just kind of come up.
I don't think so you seeing anybody
is a great question to ask on a date.
Not in the first 10.
Well, okay, oh, you're right.
Cause if it's a date, if she thinks it's a date,
if she thinks it's a, do you see what I'm saying right now?
Like, I think the only way that this person,
like I think actually the only approach to this
is to pretend you never saw it
and just try to live your life.
This is, but okay, but we can use this.
This can be actionable advice for everybody else.
If you are dating, if you're going on a date
with somebody, you're interested in somebody,
don't fucking Facebook them.
Yeah.
Don't fucking Facebook them.
Cause it's A, it's cheating.
Your grandpa didn't have to do that.
And that's, he fell in love.
He fell in love in wartime.
Well, I also think that you, I mean,
it's sort of like, you lose a lot of the mystery,
I think, or like a lot of the interesting,
like there's a lot, I think you lose a lot of the mystique
of someone if you can crawl back
through their last six years of existence
and see every, you know, every thing they've done
and every party they've been to
and every person they know.
And it also cheapens those moments
where you find out you like the same movie
or listen to the same band.
If you already know it going in
and then she mentions it, you're like, yeah, yeah.
Like it seems to take a little bit
of the bam out of the firework.
A little bit of the bam out of the firework.
Which is not a saying.
It's, no, it is now because you've-
It is now, you just meant to listen.
Bam out of the firework.
Ginny up.
This is our most trademarkable episode yet.
We got a whole toy line coming out based on this one.
Not Ginny up though.
Hard to toy that one.
Hard to toy it.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
Please.
I'm curious to see if this Yahoo will take off.
It was sent in by William Braun.
Thanks, William.
It's by Yahoo.
That's his user.
Ghost Dad starring Phil Cosby who asked-
It's a very good name.
Do people in the Pokemon universe eat Pokemon?
Pokemon seem to be the only animals around the world
created by the show and games.
Do the humans who live there eat Pokemon?
Considering that they can all be caught and trained,
they obviously have some sort of intelligence.
Would eating them be in violation of some sort of ethical code?
The only way around this, I suppose,
would be if everyone was vegetarian,
but I don't see much evidence to support either side.
What do you think?
Definitely.
Tricky quandary.
Tricky conundrum.
It's hard to catch them all if you keep fucking
getting high on your own supply, so to speak.
I feel like-
Okay, so practically speaking,
in the world of Pokemon,
the battling and competition of Pokemon
is a huge business.
I mean, it's like the most important thing
in their world, right?
Yeah, I mean, it's on TV.
It's on TV, Team Rocket, World Celebrities.
The highest status you can hope to achieve
is to be the master, you know what I mean?
Like, the victor.
I ask this because it seems like
they would be too expensive to eat.
Like, anytime you eat one, it's like eating a show pony.
I guess, but the supply and demand is off there
because you can just fucking walk in the grass
and then there you go.
Yeah, nobody's eating, like, Mew,
but people are probably eating Pidgey left in there.
You're saying there's a hierarchy of edible Pokemon,
and you're saying near the bottom of that
is a Pidgey, is a Magikarp, and then-
Oh, what's the mouse one?
Rattata.
Rattata?
But he's probably in there.
Oh, I could go for a Rattata Frattata right now.
It would be so good.
Yum yum.
Definitely.
But you're saying-
Everybody's probably eating Slowpoke.
They're probably eating Snorlax
because they're, like, herd animals.
Sure. Snorlax is not.
Snorlax is actually fairly rare,
but I understand what you're saying.
God, I ate my Snorlax.
What if you just wander up to the campfire
and you see someone guiltily eating a Snorlax
and then you tell them, like, no, he was, like, really valuable.
There's always, like, two of those in this whole game.
I mean, but at the same time, though,
you got to keep in mind
there's only one Mewtwo you can catch, right?
I bet he is fucking delectable
because of the rarity of it.
That's the thing.
Only the super rich can afford to eat Mewtwo.
Now that's a tricky one
because he can speak English
according to the first movie.
Okay, that gets weird.
Oh, no.
He speaks the King's English,
so, like, that would be uncomfortable
unless you only ate just a little bit.
Or you could do, like, one leg at a time.
Yeah, precisely.
And then you could still have the Pokémon.
That would be an interesting twist
because, like, I've reviewed pretty much every game
that has ever come out for that series,
and, you know, it's a little stale.
It needs something to shake up the franchise.
What if you get your starter Pokémon
and you just eat it instantly right in front of them?
Right in front of the professor.
Which one do I want?
Which one do I want?
I'll take the grass type.
Let me get a little ranch.
Can I have another one?
Nope.
Ah, shit.
Game over.
End of the game.
If your list of Pokémon gets full
and you want to catch another one,
you have to eat it.
There's no storing it.
You store it in your belly
and you convert it to calorie energy.
And it's not just, like, a pop-up,
like, you've eaten it.
Like, you have to actively do it.
You have to press the button.
And if you press the buttons wrong,
it goes from, like, a smooth, easy mercy killing
to, like, a botched, really horrible experiment.
Exactly.
I think there needs to be some recognition
of the food chain of survival in the fittest.
Because let's be honest,
if you're out in the environment,
you've got all your Pokémon are knocked out,
except for one,
and you fight like a fucking alligator,
and he kills your last Pokémon,
you're not just going to fall asleep
and wake up in a Pokémon center.
You'll be killed.
You'll be devoured.
Oh, let me throw out this twist.
I hope you're listening, Pokémon game developers.
They are.
If you want to evolve your Pokémon,
you have to make them eat another Pokémon of the same type.
Oh, that's good.
That's so good.
You, uh, if you, if your Pokémon loses,
you are force-fed the Pokémon.
Like, you have to.
By your opponent.
By your opponent, the opponent gets a fork
and just starts jamming it in.
Starts jamming bites of that beaten Pokémon into your mouth.
There is some guy right now at home jerking off.
I never thought that anyone would tickle my pleasure center
with Pokémon eating, uh, descriptions of it, like, finally.
He's very confused as to why he's doing it.
Like, I didn't know this was my thing until now.
Oh, no.
Oh, man.
Man, so many good ideas.
So many, so many ideas to capitalize on.
Just break your walls.
Like, try something new.
What about a game where there is no evolution
and it's all, um, intelligent design?
You know what I mean?
If you want your Charmander to evolve into Charmeleon,
you don't have to just get him to level 16
and then hope for the best.
You can say a little prayer.
Say, I wish, I wish my guy was a little bigger.
And then based on, like, your devotion rating,
maybe he'll come through for you.
Maybe you won't.
You have to sacrifice another Pokémon on an altar
to make it to prove your devotion to benevolent Pokémon God?
I don't think we have to go quite so Old Testament.
I think that would be hard to hard to get past the ESRB, but...
No, your Pokémon just has to believe in Jesus.
Exactly.
You have to, you have to immerse him,
immerse them in the cleansing waters,
which may be difficult if it's a fire type.
The Jesus of this world, I feel like, would come down and just say,
stop eating Pokémon.
That was not the plan.
You messed it up.
They are actually supposed to be the dominant species, you guys.
They're too fucked up.
That's why some of them are dragons made of fire.
They're just a wiping people out.
I gave them all superpowers.
Like, you've got nothing.
Why are you eating them?
That's the Pokémon game I want,
when finally that fucking race war is ignited.
It's just Pokémon versus people.
The shortest race war in the history of mankind.
I'll tell you what I've seen a lot of in the Pokémon games,
and that is monsters capable of murdering each other
with incredible psychic abilities.
Something I've never seen in a Pokémon game is a gun.
So I think it would last.
I think we could handle some of the smaller ones,
but boy howdy would we be in the tall grass,
which is where you don't want to be,
specifically in the Pokémon universe.
Let's go to the money tub.
I got a message from my brother Chumby and his fiance Laurel.
You have another...
We have another brother?
No, this is a...
I'm a character.
I'm playing a character.
Oh, okay.
Okay, could you do a character voice?
Okay.
Hi, it's me Robin.
Ellen.
This message is from my brother Chumby and his fiance Laurel.
Happy birthday and future vassary.
I'm glad you could have May birthdays
and are planning your upcoming wedding
for the same month in 2014.
It makes it really easy to claim one present
for all three events.
I could have given you a hundred dollars,
but I spent it on this message instead.
Suckers, love y'all.
You are now going to talk like that
for the remainder of the episode.
It hurts my ears.
It hurts our ears.
Yep.
I also like how it drifted in and out of an accent.
It was not...
That's her.
She's traveled a lot.
Robin is very continental.
Here's another message from Johan Sterner and Kajsa Lunde.
Oh man.
Or Johan Sterner or...
Johan, I think we gotta go with Johan.
Johan Sterner and Kajsa Lunde or...
Man, fuck it.
It's for Frederick Olson.
These are not Americans.
These are non-American names.
You don't know that?
Melting pot.
You don't know that?
I hate to heat and out on you guys,
but these are not good red-blooded Americans.
Maybe they are.
Okay.
Happy birthday to our best friend, Frederick Olson.
We know you like attention on your birthday,
so we figured there's no better way
than to get the brothers to say your name one more time.
We hope to share at least 25 more years of weird discussions,
too much vodka, and laughing way too loud
in just the wrong places.
Love, K-Dog, and Johan.
P.S. W.H.
What do you guys think?
I think there's probably more sentence there.
Oh, okay.
P.S. What?
P.S. How do you say our names?
That's why we have character limits, people.
Yeah.
You gotta tighten up.
So, happy birthday to Frederick,
and happy birthday to Chumby,
and future anniversary to Laurel.
We hope you all have a very special day.
You know how I guarantee that I have a very special day.
Do you know how I guarantee that?
How do you do it?
I get it.
Super wet.
What is it in this content?
My chins.
I have big news for you guys on the Extreme Restraints front.
ExtremeRestraints.com is, of course, your adult super store,
where you can get everything under the sun
that you're gonna put in your bum.
And that's a new tagline I'm working on.
They sent me a box.
Oh, man.
A sampler box.
I saw the JPEG.
Oh, man.
There was a big penis.
Just this big penis.
It was a big penis.
Big penis, just this big.
And I don't mean a big penis.
I mean, like, make you doubt yourself giant.
Like, maybe somewhere out there,
there's a person with this equipment.
But it is a giant penis.
There was also-
Fake, right?
It wasn't like some sort of kidnapping warning.
It wasn't a threat.
What's in the box?
We kidnapped a tan elephant.
You'd think that's what Brad Pitt was thinking,
instead of like, well, at least it's not a giant dick.
It's just gonna punch you in the head.
Why did they send you a giant hog?
That wasn't the only thing in there.
There was some lube.
Oh, good.
There was three rings for dicks, which I-
Oh, wait, there's three?
So there's one for each of us?
Like, yeah, I will not be divvying those up.
Oh, come on.
I want to be Hart.
There was a little, what seemed to be a personal massager,
and a ring with spikes on it
that I'm not even trying to get into that biz.
That's for self-defense.
And then there was what looked like,
basically like a plastic Q-tip with a D on the end of it
that I think is supposed to go where the pee pee comes out.
That's not happening either.
Are the rings for your wiener?
I can't say what they actually,
that word makes me uncomfortable to say.
For your cock!
Thank you.
Are they adjustable in case you need it really big or really small?
One of those two.
Either really big or really small,
like if I bought one, would I have to?
Is sizing-
Are they sized?
So they're fairly sturdy silicone,
and you're supposed to get your balls and penis inside them.
Oh, okay.
I don't want to give myself away,
but I either need it very big or very small.
There were three different sizes,
so I think that they could support the normal range of genital girth,
I would say, whatever that is.
Okay.
Not normal, typical.
Go visit extremerestraints.com, go view their wares.
If you use the coupon code SWORDFISH,
I think is where we left it, then you can save 20% on your order,
which is a shit ton of money.
I figured out, I found out,
James Medina from Extreme Restraints explained to me how it gets hacked.
How?
It's not from people using it or tweeting about it,
it's from people Google searching because they can't remember Extreme Restraints coupon code,
and that's how it comes up.
So people, write down SWORDFISH on a Post-it, stick it to your monitor.
Don't Google search it, you fools.
Well, you told them the new password, right, Joe?
What?
I thought you did.
Did someone tell them that the password is SWORDFISH?
No, because if you fucking tell them, if you fucking tell them, it'll get leaked.
No, I didn't tell you about Extreme Restraints so they could put it in their computer.
One of us should probably do that.
Travis, why don't you handle that?
You've been our main point of contact.
Okay, I will email them after this.
But don't email them.
Oh, God.
I'll wire them.
The internet spiders are all over.
They'll crawl anything.
So go visit, go shop, go get it wet.
The popular website on the internet.
Dave Hill's podcasting incident.
It's pretty much just like me making out with your ears or something.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
I often find myself flying alone on trips.
The problem comes when using the restroom at the airport.
As a solo, as a solo flyer, it's Mother's Day, shut up.
My only option is to take my carry-on bags with me into the bathroom.
But then what?
I hate putting my bags on the bathroom floor, but I don't see any other choice.
Help me out, brothers.
What can I do?
Well, I mean, real talk, aren't there usually like hooks on the back of bathroom stall doors?
This is a real issue because finding a trusted confidant is the best option.
But even then, how can you really trust anybody in this crazy world of ours?
The problem is in this day and age, even if you do that, like, hey, we've just been
having a nice conversation for the last 10 minutes.
Could you watch my bag?
Like instantly in an airport, everybody's butthole seizes up.
You're like, oh, God, just like in the homeland.
I'm saying that because that's the kind of thing that security guards at airports are
on point for, people walking away from their bags.
Yeah, yeah, they're waiting for it.
But at the same time, when you wheel that shit in the bathroom, and then there's an
expensive business, an expensive businessman, there's an expensive businessman who sees
you do that.
And he's like, oh, you're bringing your luggage in the bathroom, huh?
You're going to make poop bags because that's what it is now.
That's that luggage that you got for graduation that was new.
Now it's poop bags.
Those are your bags.
Never fly by yourself.
Nobody else can touch that handle now because there was at least a 10 second period where
you touch it with poop hands.
There was in the Charlotte airport, if you've spent as much time there as Griffin and I
have over the years, you will know that there are attendants in the bathrooms.
They are, by and large, the worst because it is creating this false social system where
I have had any problem with any part of this exchange over the past three decades.
I know my whole routine when I go in.
I do not need someone handing me a paper towel or more likely judging me for not washing
my hands.
But they babysit your bags for you, right?
That's what I'm thinking.
Maybe that is the actual use of an attendant.
You say like, hey, can you keep an eye on this?
I'm taking the dude to poopytown.
Right.
And he says like, no problem.
I got this for you.
He would say no problemo because he's cool.
What?
He's cool.
Not because I wasn't saying that to be racist.
I'm saying it because he was like, no problemo, chief.
You know what I mean?
And then you have to give him some money when you get out.
That's the exchange you're making here.
What about lockers?
What about bathroom lockers?
You can put your effects in there.
Oh, those keys though.
Never mind.
It's sort of like the shoe cradles at McDonald's play place.
That's exact.
I'm talking about a cubbyhole.
I would want there to be some security though.
But there's no way to sterilize that security, if that makes sense.
A keypad even with a new pin that you have to recognize.
Oh, those numbers would be so grubby.
Oh, they would be grubby to the maximum degree.
OK.
Something just occurred to me as a matter of fact.
Something just occurred to me as I've been thinking about this problem.
What's that?
Unless I've missed something along the lines, when you enter an airport,
you go through very extensive security checks.
Yes.
So then why, once you're past that point, can't you leave your bag sitting around?
You should fucking-
What are they afraid has happened?
I actually have this thought too, Travis.
It's like, there is not a cross section of people who A, have paid $400 to be in a building,
and also are going to take a shot at stealing someone's suitcase.
Like that's not, that Venn diagram doesn't really line up.
I know what you're saying.
I've thought that often at an airport.
Like, well, I feel a little bit safer here because that's a pretty long grift.
If you're buying a plane ticket so you can get into a place and steal bags.
Well, I also think it's like the security thing, but it just seems to me like,
hey, once you pass that point, hey, you're, you're, it's like, uh,
it's like international waters.
You know what I mean?
You're cool.
Like everybody's okay here.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe, maybe I'm just a little bit, I see the world as a little bit sunnier place where I trust people.
Yeah.
How about it?
How about it?
The world, huh?
Just think about it because I'd rather trust people than get poop on my bag.
Sure.
The end.
I guess the bigger question is why, when you go through security,
why do they have to touch so many kid balls?
Fucking weirdos.
I'm just saying you got bomb sized balls, kid.
Let's see them.
That's a compliment.
That's a compliment.
You have bomb sized balls.
Your balls are the bomb.
Teddy, I got a new one.
Your balls are the bomb.
Write it down.
I'm going to use that a lot.
I'm going to use that a lot over the next few months.
When I touch approximately 1,800 kid balls in 900 scrotums.
It's going to be great.
Remind me, remind me to say it.
If I forget.
God, they're the worst.
You guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
They're American heroes.
They are American heroes.
Thanks for the security, but also the insecurity in some places.
Can we stop, by the way, TSA, if you're listening, and I'm sure you are.
Can we stop with the shoes now?
I think we're reaching a point where we can.
Grandparents and kids don't have to.
Right.
Which is like a crazy thing to say.
There's no way you'd put them in your kid's shoes.
Who would ever think of that?
Oh, maybe a terrorist who knows you don't check those kids' shoes anymore.
Like, I think they could work out getting a kid.
Do you guys think that by answering this question, we are now on a watch list?
Definitely.
Okay.
Absolutely.
We're on a lot of watch lists for this episode.
We're on Patricia Heaton's watch list, so it's for god damn sure.
And that is a list you do not want to be on.
She will say some shit about you at the Golden Globes.
Hachi machi.
Hachi machi, indeed.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Cal Skullthroop.
Thanks, Cal.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Soccerman who asks, can my-
I think it's pronounced Soccerman.
Soccerman, JP Soccerman asks, can my parents sue me for breaking the window?
I was playing cracker with my younger brother and I hit it and it shattered the window.
I'm 15.
Wait, was playing what now?
Cracker.
What is cracker?
What's that?
Have you ever heard of skank and skanky biscuit?
Oh, I don't think it's the same thing.
I hope it's not the same thing.
In the UK-
Why skanky biscuit broke the window?
In the UK, it's called nasty cracker.
Oh, no.
In the Mediterranean region, it's uh oh, pita.
And I like nodding non.
Oh, I was god damn it.
You beat me to it, I was gonna say no, no, no, damn it.
I don't know what cracker is, but the question is, can we bring lawyers into this?
Can you sue a kid?
Do you remember the documentary North?
Yeah.
I feel like that's got a lot of legal precedent for this kind of thing.
Sure, yeah.
Scalia frequently, frequently brings that up as a super precedent.
I know that kids can't go to jail, which is crazy.
Just because they're younger, but they can still be little criminals.
They can still be little murderers.
Meanwhile, Jodi Arias, poor sweet little Jodi Arias, just because she's over 18.
That's not right.
Not my America.
What do you think should happen to Jodi Arias who killed her boyfriend?
She's just as sweet and innocent and frumpy.
She's frumpy now.
She didn't used to be frumpy.
She frumped herself up.
Isn't that enough?
Isn't that punishment enough?
She's been fully frumped out.
She's been frumped to the max.
She has to wear glasses.
She has to wear glasses and her hair is brown now.
You have sucked the life out of her, CNN.
Why can't we sue some kids is the question.
Because I have some kids.
Oh man, I have some kids I'd sue.
Who would you sue?
Who would be the first kid you'd sue?
I saw Iron Man 3 last week and I had to sit next to a kid.
That kid for sure, definitely.
Okay.
Let's just say the Alamo Drafthouse did not crack down on their no talking law on this
use, which I guess they have an exemption for under 18s, which again is super fucked up.
I paid my money and I want to see all the movies.
I want to see all the movies.
Can't you summon someone over?
Can't you beckon and say this kid's a pit?
I can.
I can do that.
If I want to fucking ruin this kid's life.
This is all that he wants is to see Iron Man 3.
There was a lot of bouncing.
Is there a statute of limitations on this?
Because there's a kid when I saw Harry Potter 7 Part 2 that was dressed as Harry Potter
and loudly announced how it was different in the book every time something happened.
But that was like, you know, two or three, four years ago.
Oh yeah.
Is it too late to sue that kid?
You missed your window.
I think the window for kids suing is like a month, two, maybe tops.
I would actually really appreciate that service if I was in a movie theater watching Harry
Potter 7 too.
Are you Timmy?
Oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Thanks kid.
Are you Timmy Jenkins?
We have some popcorn for you.
Yeah, I'm Timmy Jenkins.
Just kidding.
You just got served.
Nice try, Bucko.
Are you Timmy Jenkins?
No, I'm Jimmy Rankins.
Ah, fuck.
Got us.
Next time.
Finally a good reason for kids not to talk to strangers when we try to serve you.
We got a present here for you.
I'm not sure about it this time.
I'm gonna need you to give it to my associate, please.
Hey, good news.
You're gonna go on the super toy run.
Holy shit, I never thought it would happen to me.
Just get in this van.
You're in a court.
Right.
There's a court inside the van?
Van court.
A court inside the super toy run.
You take one turn, turn left at the creepy crawlers and oops, you're in court.
Kid court.
This has been our advice show, My Brother, My Brother and Me.
We sure hope you've enjoyed listening to it nearly as much as we've enjoyed recording it.
It's a genuine pleasure and an honor to do this show for you every week.
And we love you so much and thank you for continuing to listen.
And we have a new My Brother, My Brother and Me sampler.
It's at bit.ly forward slash MBMBAM2013 so you can go check that out.
And it's a great way to get people into the show so you can share it with them.
It is a little heavy on dick stuff.
I don't think it's more dick.
I feel like it is representative to the...
See, this was before I switched to more neutral terms like Jenny up.
So I feel like now, yes, it is dick heavy for us.
Now we are more equal opportunity genital discussers.
Discussioners.
Mentalisters.
We got a live show coming up in Max Fun Con.
So that'll be up later this month.
Psyched about Max Fun Con.
You guys pumped?
Oh, so pumped.
You guys...
Hey, which reminds me, if you're gonna be at Max Fun Con, if you're gonna be at our live show,
start sending in your questions now and make sure to put in the subject line Max Fun Con question.
So you can be sure to hit your question at the live show.
We should clarify that this is not an open to the public live show.
This is a live show we're doing at Max Fun Con.
But you'll be able to hear the show, probably our first episode of June when that goes up.
It'll be a Max Fun Con special.
We are talking about doing more live shows though.
We are making, we are having more earnest discussions than we've had all year, I would say.
The gears, they are a turning.
Speaking of live shows, our buddies at Throwing Shade are working on a tour right now.
They have lots of dates kind of moving throughout the country.
So go to, you can go to ThrowingShade.com to check out upcoming shows or it's on Max Fun.
Go to, and while you're on Max Fun, check out Throwing Shade, check out Jordan and Jesse Go,
check out Jesse John Hodgman, stop podcasting yourself,
check out all of the shows on there because they're all super, super good.
And if you guys are donors, you're helping pay for those shows.
So, so go appreciate the comedy that you're helping to support.
One more thing, Tristan the Marine is shipping out soon.
And so to send them off right, there's a kind of East Coast,
my brother, my brother and me meetup being put together in DC.
It's coming up, it's on May 25th.
If you want all the information, just go to packyourbagsdc.eventbrite.com.
That's eventbrite, B-R-I-T-E.com.
Go check it out.
I don't think people know how Eventbrite...
I don't know.
I've never heard of Eventbrite.
Well, that's because you don't get invited to shit.
God knows that's true.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
into Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It was as much as I appreciated the new theme song that we used on 150,
which as many people we got saying that they loved it,
we got as many people saying, please never, please don't use that again.
I missed it.
You're crazy, by the way.
I missed the power start we get from it's a departure.
So thanks, John Roderick.
Thanks, the Long Winters.
You're a very good band.
And if you would like your name, you know, a shout out to somebody that you love
or a shout out to your business or some such,
you can get on the Money Zone just by going to Maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron
and all the information is there.
So help support the show and we'll make funny jokes about you and your loved ones.
Please include a phonetic spelling of your fucking names, though.
Jesus.
Griffin, do you have one more question for us?
A final yahoo.
It was a fun question.
Griffin, do you have one more question for us a final yahoo it was sent in by one to grow on, if you will.
Oh, it was sent in by Frederick Olson, the birthday boy.
Thanks, Frederick.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Yo, yo, who asks.
I want to join the Illuminati and become famous with basketball.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
And it's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
School wear on the lips.
