The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Get rich. Aren't we a pair? Me here lies on the ground, and you in mid-air.
Send in the clowns. No. No. No, you know what? This time we're not sending- no,
there aren't any fucking clowns this time, Justin. One who keeps tearing the rock-
To be fair, Griffin, I think the point of the song is supposed to be that there are no clowns
to sing in, and in fact, the singer and the person being sung to are the clowns.
Desiree, Travis, Desiree.
I know, but I was making it more general, Justin. I believe it's Vincent and Desiree.
I'm just exhausted by it. Justin's become the fucking Scott Bakula of this podcast.
I'm not doing this episode unless I get to sing in it.
Oh, I thought you meant that Scott Bakula sung
Send in the Clowns on just a fuck ton of episodes. Do you remember that,
how there were like 10 quantum leaps in a row where he just, apropos of nothing,
sung Send in the Clowns? Yeah, that's like his whole thing.
Singing Send in the Clowns?
Yeah, it was like a platform for his musical career.
When he released his album that was all Send in the Clowns?
Yeah, it was weird. It was just 10 tracks. And what's weird is it wasn't just the same
song 10 times over. It was 10 discrete recordings.
And he did them in different styles. There was the Calypso Send in the Clowns,
a Jazz Send in the Clowns, a Zydeco Send in the Clowns.
The Zydeco Send in the Clowns is actually really great. And there's a chart topping hit.
Isn't it rich?
Wait, no, no, no. Don't start over. Don't start over. Don't start over.
Isn't it queer?
Don't start over. Don't start over.
This is the end.
Oh, okay, okay.
Losing my timing this late in my career.
Where are the clowns?
I feel like you lost the key, maybe, like a stanza back.
There ought to be clowns.
Are there clowns?
He found them.
Don't bother.
They are here.
They are here.
All right, a Lady Gaga second finish.
Well, maybe next year.
Yeah.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, Adventure 300.
It's gonna be embarrassing for you, Justin, when Griffin cuts that entire song.
The whole fucking thing.
Not any of it.
Well, this is the show that you signed on for.
You've been with us for 300.
And here we are, volume two.
Okay, so we didn't have an episode zero.
So is episode two coming to a close or is episode two beginning?
I mean, episode two, was everything else episode one, part one, part two, part three, part four?
You guys know you're supposed to listen to all of those first 300 episodes back to back
to back over a 300 hour just fucking sweat lodge, right?
Don't do that.
That would be disastrous.
My name is Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Scott Bakula, and today I'll be playing the role of the baby-est brother, Griffin McElroy.
Well, here we are, folks.
We did it for 300.
I started thinking when I was coming downstairs, I thought, you know what?
This is 300.
Got to do a really great show.
And then I thought, you know what?
I'm the one being celebrated here.
Right, exactly.
Why should we have to work harder to make a really good one?
You know what I mean?
Do you remember when MASH did its 300th episode and they really phoned it in?
I do just want to like check in with you guys and make sure that we are still definitely
on for this like 300 Roman Centurion bit.
We're like, oh, you remember we're going to be all like-
We were supposed to wear our leather bracers and stuff.
Yeah, well, more importantly, we were supposed to be like nude from the waist up and then
like all oily and stuff.
Nah, this is why we haven't done video for several hundred episodes.
I turned up, we decided to Google Hangout, not for volume two, but just for, because
we, because we, the Skype is shit in the bed again.
And when I turned it on, Griffin was in a black tank top.
And it was weird because it was like, it felt like a betrayal of sorts.
Like he was going to do a whole show and not tell us he was wearing a black tank top.
Yeah, I changed, I've changed out of that.
Yeah, Griffin is now oiling himself up.
And I will say, it looks like he's drawn on his chest hair.
I think that's my takeaway from this.
The chest hair is hard to like, you got to really grease her down, you know?
Yeah, and then you got to stipple it on to give it a little extra color and depth.
OK, so I'm closing this.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, one last thing.
I can't look away, Justin.
Wait, wait, wait, I'm almost done.
I'm almost done.
Are you really almost done?
Yeah, yeah, look, look.
This is Sparta.
That was the end of the joke.
Now you're tallying off, you disgust me.
So anyway, this is my brother.
My brother made an advice show for the modern era.
We help people.
Please just turn your video off.
I'll give you anything.
It's off.
No, it's not off.
I turned it off.
Don't you dare.
Griffin, we're looking right at your nudity.
I turned the video off.
OK, we have a lot of people to help.
We have a lot of special guests.
We have a lot of fun in store, a lot of surprises.
What have we learned by the end?
Someone will die.
Somebody will fly.
We got some save the cheerleader, save the world.
We got some special things for this 300th episode, which you may not think just hearing
the beginning of it.
But man, this water-based lubricant is going to stay on the body, I guess, for a while.
Is that Extreme Restraints brand lubricant?
Yeah, it is bringing them back into the fold.
Welcome back to the family, Extreme Restraints.
We're going to get you back on the podcast one way or another.
We'll get you inside the podcast, if you know what I mean.
And I do.
So here's a question.
So later tonight, I'm going to a party where I'm signed up to bring the drinks.
Along with a few other things I brought, I am also bringing some already open half full
soda bottles.
Is this appropriate?
The soda isn't too old, and I'm not going to drink them all by myself.
Since it takes you guys several months to respond, I'm going to bring them anyway.
Yeah, maybe Future Me can go back in time to warn me of the awkward situation that may
or may not ensue.
That's from Don't Want to Be Wasteful in Washington.
If people do that, please send a follow up to let us know how it went.
Two liters of soda.
Let's really finally crack this nut open because we've been like dancing around it
for long enough.
I only, like most people, buy two liters of soda for parties because I don't want to
have to have a bunch of cans taking up a refrigerator space.
So I buy two liters of soda for parties, and it lets you get a variety of things.
Inevitably, all the diet soda gets drunk.
The regular soda is just like there, but I feel like I should have it on hand for people.
And then I'm left with like four, two liters of varying levels of emptiness.
It feels like such a waste to throw them out, but I'm never going to.
I never do that.
I don't like ice in my drink.
You know, that's prizes at the end of the night.
You know, this is this is actually how the Blue Man Group got started.
They're like, we gotta do something with these.
They blew it.
That's them blowing into them.
Sorry, my Foley wasn't on point.
One of them had some sort of lung condition, and it's just like, that's how we talk.
Like, guys, I think we should start the number one Vegas percussive act and we'll paint ourselves.
Sorry, I'm a lunger.
Got the consumption.
I think that this is why BYOB is a thing, isn't it?
That you say like, hey, bring whatever two liter you want and then take that shit with you when you go.
No, that's not the taking.
That's different.
Take only pictures.
Leave only footprints.
That's not.
Okay, first off, that's not what BYOB means.
I'm trying to bring your own beverage.
No, that's not what it means.
But then there's a secret series of letters, a silent series of letters that come after it that
signify, and then take your half empty two liters home with you, thank you.
What if it was BYOB, B-T-S-E-B.
Bring your own beverage, but take someone else's beverage.
Okay, so you're just kind of, it's like a Yankee swap for Bev's.
Ah, that's way better.
I was going to say like a beverage key party, but yours is better.
What, you fuck the beverages?
Well, no, you just take a different beverage to bed.
Well, I ended up with Mellow Yellow.
All right.
I've always been curious.
We haven't even addressed the fucking question at hand, which is, is it okay for this person
to bring old soda?
Hi, I brought old soda.
Yeah, sodas seem better days, but it's still potable.
Go for it.
I brought an old soda and a half empty box of club crackers, like out of the packages.
Where do I put this?
I wrapped up some old cheese and some Saran wrap, and this is some flat soda.
Thanks for inviting me.
Do you remember summer Pepsi where you could unscrew the cap and then type the code into
the website and get a hacky sack?
Yeah, it's from 1999, but it's still good.
You can still put some whiskey in there.
I brought a half empty bottle of Josta.
Do you want me to put it in the fridge or just leave it out so people can get at it?
Guys, fruitopia party.
Come get it.
The only way to test to see if two liter soda is like still potable is that I have found
that I utilize in my day to day is dump a little down the sink and see if it fizzes
up or not.
If it doesn't fizz up, it's already up.
So just like leave it tilted and get that syrup out.
But if it fizzes a little bit, sometimes I'll still be like, well, it didn't fizz that much.
Yeah, yeah, dump it the rest of the way out.
Can you give me a just like is or it's not where it is.
That's right.
Feel the fizz.
That's a good soda.
Pop a little thumb.
God, we need more rules of thumb out of our wisdom.
And that's like the first like really useful like life hack that we've been able to produce.
Come along.
You belong.
Feel the fizz of Cuvicola.
Exactly.
They've got the flavors, orange, grape and cherry.
That's not a good spread.
But yeah, no, like regular soda flavors.
Hey, do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, don't.
Did we like address it?
Don't do that.
Is that answered?
Don't do that.
Just go to the store and get a two liter for like ninety nine cents.
Go to Sam's Club.
Buy a by a four liter of Dr.
Lightning and then it's going to cost you sixty one cents.
And then you take that to the party and you have the best night of your life.
You just get jacked on Dr.
Lightning.
You get a fucking prescription from Dr.
Lightning.
You drink all four liters of that bad boy of that extra big jug and you're ready to go.
Is it Dr.
Lightning?
I'm not sure that's accurate.
They got Dr.
They got Dr.
He's a doctorate in history.
They got Dr.
Lightning.
They've got Mr.
Cool.
They got Pibster Esquire.
They got Pibster Esquire.
They have soda time.
Exclamation point.
They've got Mountain Don't.
Mountain Don't.
I need to turn my AC off one second.
I think I can come up with more soda names.
Okay.
Yeah, let's just bounce them off each other.
Popsie.
Now what's okay.
Diet Cork.
Diet vanilla cork.
Well, you got a whole cork family.
Have you had oops all soda?
I wish Justin was here to hear that.
I know it's a good one.
Shit, that's good.
I was going to go with caffeine free diet rainwater, but nothing.
I couldn't pull it together.
How about this Yahoo?
And it was sent in by level 9000.
Yeah, Drew Davenport.
Big ups to my main man, Drew Davenport.
Keeping it real for three centuries.
I don't know.
Actually, I don't think he was on at the very beginning, but he was an early adopter.
And this was also sent in by Aaron Keese, who's gotten enough Yahoo's on the show now where
I need to know how to pronounce the last name there.
Thank you to both of you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Chris G.
My boss at Polygon, Chris Grant.
Who asks what are the five hardest tricks for a magician to do?
Oh, good question.
Ollie 360 Jesus spin.
No, it's called Christ air.
It's not called a Jesus spin.
No, Jesus.
Then I think is what sign dancers do.
The five hardest tricks for a magician to do.
Justin, I mean, we the three of us all know them.
Let's just start with number five.
I've the fifth hardest trick for a magician to do.
Justin is.
Doves.
Now, which which one?
Just like finding them is kind of a trick because it's like, where did you get that?
Yeah, you know, there's it's not like there's a dove store.
Now you can't just buy a dove.
Now, do you think what I'm not sure if it was on prime?
Yeah, you can prime it.
Um, so they probably have those at the pet store, right?
Magic doves?
No, yeah.
Doves, just regular doves.
You buy them at the pet store.
You got to.
There's no other place to buy them at the pet store.
Do you think if you walk in with like a top hat and a cane and a cape in the pet store,
they're like, I saw you coming.
I got to point to a sign that says no magicians.
No magicians.
I know what you're gonna you're gonna stuff this in a pie tin, aren't you?
I hate that.
Well, a clever magician leaves the costume at home and then they buy another animal and
then pretend like the dove is just like a I got a wild hair at my ass.
My, you know, I think I'm going to get a dove too.
But that doesn't work if you're buying a wild hair because then they'll think the worst of you.
Yeah, no, it's not a if you buy those in a bundle, this you get taken to magic
jail.
Definitely.
But otherwise, like you can just get something expendable too.
Like, can I get like I've wanted this for a long time.
I think I'm going to get 30 tadpoles and you know what?
How about a dove?
A dove?
How much are those doves?
Can I get a price check on dove?
But then you get outside, you take that bag full of tadpoles and you fucking throw it on the ground.
Throw it down a sewer.
At least it'll have a shot.
Yeah.
Teenage Ninja Frogs.
Good luck.
God knows I'm I'm a fucking mess, man.
I can't take care of you guys.
I saw the price you all had on doves and I just couldn't help myself.
That can't be beat.
I didn't even want a dove when I came in today.
But that's 30 tadpoles, one for each day of the month, depending on the month.
That salesperson over there, they really sold me on it.
Sir, you're pointing at an aquarium.
That's an empty aquarium.
Well, gotta go.
We'll give that fish a promotion.
Here's your change, sir.
Where'd your coin go?
It's behind your ear.
God damn.
Oh, so tired of this.
The fourth is, of course, cutting a woman into 37ths.
Half is easy, but to get 37 equal portions takes a lot of calculation.
Lot of planning.
It's not even like you can do half season and half season.
It's not it's not factorable by two.
So that's yeah, it's a rough one.
But if you can, you know, you're watching hand.
You know, you're watching Hannibal with me with a magician because every few minutes,
like, yeah, right.
Yeah, I wish I wish it could look like that.
You also have to get 36 very little people.
Very little borrower size.
Yeah.
Griffin, what's the third?
The third hardest magic trick is de-levitating and that's like getting up there.
So easy.
Everybody is like, you know how you haven't heard of David Copperfield lately?
It's because he didn't get the second step of it down.
And like the first step is like he's in Vegas.
He's like, this time I'm going to take my act outdoors right in front of that big Bellagio
fountain, baby.
Here I go.
Levitating up I go.
Pretty incredible, huh?
What if I made an airplane disappear while I was up here?
Not just kidding.
Anyway, here I.
Hey, this is hey, this is weird.
Hey, I've never gone up this far before.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Hey, does anybody have like a rope or something?
Does?
Hey, does anybody?
Can someone like fly a drone up here and give it?
Does it?
Oh, shit.
Into the fucking sun gone.
David Copperfield gone from the Earth.
Never learned how to de-levitate.
He's the only human satellite.
He's the only one.
Do you think they just keep do you think that?
OK, if he levitated into space, he was already defined the laws of gravity, right?
And the laws of God and the laws of God.
So I wouldn't think that he is being propelled.
He's being propelled by something outside of the natural laws that we understand, right?
You think he'd be OK in space?
Is that what you're saying?
No, I'm saying that, like, OK, I think David Copperfield's icy corpse would continue to
rocket through the depths of infinity, indeed going farther than any man has gone before.
Not to say he's a mere man.
He's become much more than that.
He's a vessel for something.
Our wishes and dreams as an American people, I think.
For levitation magic.
For levitation magic, certainly.
And the number two hardest magic trick is becoming a successful magician when your name
is also Criss Angel, because-
But C-H-R-I-S.
Yeah, just regular Criss Angel.
I am Christopher Angel.
Christopher Angel.
I have a regular haircut and a face like a person.
And I do not look like an embodiment of the Sandman.
I freak the heart is more my thing.
Criss Angel, heart freak.
I got you roses.
Oh, that's sweet.
My heart is freaked.
Heart freak.
Hey, do you remember that one time when you told your 10-year-old, when you were 10 years
old and you told your best friend that all you wanted was a silver pony with a golden
mane?
I got that for you.
Heart freaked.
Hey, I heard about you and Sheila.
Are you doing OK?
Heart freak.
That's really, that's really nice of you to ask.
Hey, man, I know Cinco de Mayo's coming up.
I know that that was the day of the big boat accident for you.
So I'm just calling to check and make sure that you're doing all right and see if you
need any company.
Heart freak.
And the number one hardest trick as a magician is explaining what you do to your grandmother.
That seemed like it actually would be pretty easy.
Yeah, they had magicians back then, I think.
Great grandmother?
How far back do I have to go before you get burned as a witch?
Not, sadly, not that far back.
Not so far, yeah.
Now, maybe you have to-
I'm listening to this heart freak stuff.
My new number one superpower, most requested superpower, would be being able to say exactly
what a person needed to hear in any given moment.
You know what I mean?
Like, haven't there been moments in your life where if one person had just looked at you
and been like, I heard about the Cinco de Mayo boat accident and I just want to make
sure that you're okay.
And you just burst into tears and you know it's all going to be okay.
What I love about that, Justin, is-
I mean, except for the fact that your whole family just, like, Cinco de Mayode.
They sunk, oh, de Mayode.
What I love about that, Justin, is maybe it's epic.
Maybe it's like something incredibly tragic has just happened to you.
But also, maybe it's just like you wore a pair of shoes that day and you're like, I'm
not sure about these.
And you just look at them and go like, you were right.
The shoes are great.
And they're just like, thank you.
Just to like debrief a little bit, it would have been nice for either of you guys to say
something about my body while I was glistening up or said something like, wow, Griffin,
you can really pull off an A-frame tank top.
I think that you should try that look out more often.
And instead, I got what could be called either, you either ignored it or derided it.
And either way, it made my, you didn't freak my heart, you fucked it.
Gross.
So it's our 300th episode.
We wanted to do something special for it, by which we mean we wanted to bully the people
who have formerly been guest spurts on My Brother, My Brother and Me into saying how
the show, how being on the show has affected their lives.
Let's hear from some of those lucky individuals right now.
Hello, everybody.
It's Bill Corbett from Riff Trax and Mystery Science Theater here.
And I just wanted to tell you how much my life has gotten better since being a guest
on My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Oh, man.
You know, I did not expect this, but I'm just thinking clearer.
I'm feeling better.
I'm feeling vim and vigor.
I suddenly know how to play the oboe.
Where did that come from?
And I smell better.
I, you know, I've gotten remarks on how good I smell.
And before, you know, it was either neutral or those remarks went in the other direction.
I am embarrassed to say, but yeah, I mean, people have said that I smell like something
like some subtle combination of honeysuckle and citrus, and I'm loving it.
I don't know how those guys did it, but they did it.
And I suspect that that was sort of their, their mojo going on underneath while I was
chatting about things that did not seem to be relevant to my bodily funk or lack thereof.
My bodily scent now.
I'm on top of the world.
Thanks, guys.
I love My Brother, My Brother and Me and I'd be back to yammer with those guys anytime.
Thanks very much.
Bye.
Hey, my Bim Bam, it's Cameron Esposito.
I'm calling from my Uber helicopter, which I never would have been on had it not been
for my appearance on My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Before being on My Brother, My Brother and Me, I was just a struggling comic living in
a basement owned by a parent of mine.
Now I'm a major celebrity.
I live in the Hollywood sign and I go see Hamilton every day.
Thanks so much, my Bim Bam.
Yo, what's up, my Bim Bam?
It's Staging Screen's Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Before I started listening to my Bim Bam, I was a broke songwriter of some note.
I'd written one musical since then, since I started listening on a weekly basis.
I've since written Eat, Pray, Love and Signature of All Things.
And I'm doing really well.
Married to a Brazilian man.
He loves me very much.
Thank you very much, my Bim Bam.
You changed my life.
Stay cool, babies.
I'll see you on the appreciation page.
Since I appeared as a guest bird on My Brother, My Brother and Me, my life has opened up and
changed in so many incredible, creative ways.
I got a MacArthur Genius Grant and I wrote a highly successful Broadway play about our
founding fathers.
And I wrote it in the form of like a rap opera, which is incredible because until I was on
My Brother, My Brother and Me, I didn't even know anything about hip hop.
But it's almost like just talking to the brothers made me a master of that art form.
So I'm really grateful because I just can't even imagine where my career would be without
it.
My roommate and I recently moved into a new apartment and used the complex's hot tub
almost every night.
We had expected to meet some of our neighbors this way, but nobody else seems to be interested
in tubbing down.
How do we get people to join us in the Jacuz?
Tub with me in KC, people have Pavlovian responses to things.
You see a commercial for Bojangles and a new Bojangles just opened in Huntington and you
think, I have got to get the Bojangles right now.
I've got a bad case of the Bojangles, which sounds like a disorder for the craving of
it, but also the restaurant itself.
It actually sounds like some sort of leg disease.
Some sort of leg, yeah, something that you would get like Jake leg.
I came up too fast from scuba diving and now I've got Bojangles.
I've got Bojangles real bad in my knee joints.
All my angles are boged.
Did you guys see that they had to put up a sign, a traffic sign to direct the Bojangles
traffic in Huntington?
So great.
How is that not going to be in every Bojangles commercial ever from now?
This town's got a craving for some chalking.
I want to see a fucking Taco Bell quesalupa commercial where it's just a Taco Bell in
Huntington, West Virginia that has just been raised to the ground.
Just savaged.
But anyway, I think that the foolproof way to do this is every time I hear the song by
Ashkahn, Hot Tubin, I have to get in a hot, like I deeply, it's not a novelty record to
me.
It is like a religion, a siren song for that bubbly water.
Here's my concern with this question about your sperm count.
Yeah, you don't cook your goose.
I don't want to boil my boys.
I'm worried that there's nothing less inviting than being invited to a hot tub by stream.
Absolutely.
There's no invitation.
You should more quickly turn down.
I'm just picturing these roommates sitting in a hot tub in an empty courtyard.
Just like, anybody want to get in on this?
I've never, this is very puzzling.
It's a good point.
I've never been in a hot tub and thought, man, I'd love to get a few more ingredients
in this person's soup.
Yeah, I know some strangers drop in.
Yeah, I have a few people I don't know come and see me in this very vulnerable position.
You never get to know people faster than when you're boiled alive with them.
Yeah, well, there's also no good way to segue into, oh, you're going to join us in the hot
tub.
Cool.
You're my neighbor, right?
Cool.
I'm in apartment 23B.
Oh, cool.
That's good to hear.
Anyway, are you clean?
Hey, by the way, before you get in, I see a dip to toeing.
Could you just retract that for a second?
And I'm going to run a quick panel on you.
Do you have a clean body?
Excellent.
Excellent.
Join me.
If a sane person sees other people in the hot tub, they have the same person response,
which is, well, that hot tub is in use.
It's currently occupied.
Do you see people peeking through the fence in trunks, just like staring at you longingly?
They're waiting for you to vacate.
That's why there's nothing worse than seeing one person in an eight person hot tub while
eight people are waiting to get in.
Yeah.
They're just like, one, two, three, you're done.
I'm literally-
What do you say?
Like, I'd love to- Hey, how are the bubbles tonight?
Would love to get in there with.
Let me just slip into the hot tub with you.
I'm trying to think, I'm trying to think of a honey pot you could build.
If you were in a hot tub and you knew, you had that moment where you saw somebody through
the fence wearing their trunkies, ready to get in.
I'm trying to think of a way that you could signal, hey, come on into this hot tub.
The water's just fine.
Without it also seeming like you're signaling like, get in this hot tub and let's fuck tonight.
Okay.
Well, then you disqualified what I was going to say with that second half, which was you
just spread your arms and smile.
But that doesn't work because it's definitely like, let's fuck.
How about a big frosty bucket of Bud Light Lime?
Oh, are you talking about fuck beer?
Because that's what that is when you have it next to a hot tub.
Come on in.
Let's get Randy.
What if you could pull the big bucket of Bud Light Lime out of the hot tub?
That's what I got.
Not in the hot Bud Light Lime.
That's the new thing that I'm working on.
Not only is it refreshing, it's good for a sore throat.
Dude, maybe you could take a hot tub in a full business suit.
Because that says three, like I'm looking to engage with other young professionals.
You got to have like a laptop or like one of those old like paper roll calculators to
make it look like you are not paying attention to them.
And like, if they get in the hot tub, it is not going to be a big fucking deal because
you're not going to like, you got to be, oh my God, this is it.
This is it.
What is a hot tub, but a hot water filled subway car?
You just got to treat it like a subway where it's like, I'm not going to engage you.
You're not going to engage me.
Just getting this hot water together and let's get to our destination, which is to say,
relaxation station.
But that would literally like, that defeats the whole purpose of this person saying they
want to meet new people.
Well, once they're in, you put the calculator away and you say, all right, let's start doing
this thing.
No, you get everybody in the subway, right?
You get everybody in the hot tub subway, the hot tub way.
And then you have a drum, a bucket drum band come in because that's the moment when everybody
on the subway connects with each other and makes eye contact.
And they're like, I also hate this.
Hey guys, my name's Derek.
I came to play your hot tub tonight.
Just asking for donations, whatever you feel comfortable giving.
And everyone at the hot tub way is like, oh, I also hate this.
I also hate this.
Hey guys, my name's Mark.
I hope you're enjoying the hot tub tonight.
Anyways, I do flips.
I do flips so that the whole family can enjoy.
And then what's that coming up from the drain?
It's a flash mob.
They've got a great skip planned.
And then you have to move away because you've accomplished your dreams and it's time to
move on to a bigger goal.
Our troop is called improv everywhere and that includes hot tub sewers, the secret sewer
that's reserved exclusively for hot tub water.
What if you had a roll of name tags next to the hot tub?
So when the person, like you kind of waved them down and then just said, hey, greetings.
Glad you could make it.
This is a mixer I planned.
Justin, take it a step further.
What?
You hire somebody with like a folding table outside the hot tub waiting for people to
come up so they can sign them in and say, who's next for the hot tub experience?
And that, that solves the other problem.
This is a 360 hot tub experience.
Put a big sign on the front that says mandatory hot tub mixer today.
Yeah.
But we also solve the other problem with that because you say, what's your name?
Denise.
Okay, Denise.
Let me just write that down.
Here's your name tag.
By the way, are you clean?
Are you clean?
You have to tell me.
Draw a little frowny face on there if you're dirty and a little smiley face on there if
you're clean.
We're talking a big game right now.
We're talking a big old game.
If you held up a bag or a briefcase with a hundred thousand American dollars in it,
I probably wouldn't get in a hot tub with you.
I'm saying there's nothing you could do.
Well, the money's wet for starters.
Somebody wants that.
Oh, Griffin, you've hit the nail on the head.
You have to act like you don't want them to get in the hot tub.
That's the only time anyone ever gets in a hot tub with me is when I'm like, I hope that
I keep this hot tub all to myself.
Oh, no, it's three middle aged people.
That's a good point.
I wonder when this question after sitting in the hot tub, are they just looking a little
too thirsty?
Are they maybe like a little wanting to get around too much?
Maybe you go the other way and just anytime you see a person just yell like, please, no,
please, no.
Stay away.
I'm dirty.
This is my water.
I would worry that maybe everyone in the apartment complex knows something you don't.
If you're the only people that ever use the hot tub, maybe they're like, that's where
all the raccoons pee.
Like, holy shit, Travis, yes.
You mean hepatitis canyon?
No, thank you.
I'd rather not.
Wait, you get in that water hole where all those people died that one time?
Chlamydia lagoon?
No, thank you.
No, thank you.
That's the but that's the hot tub time machine.
But the shitty one that takes you into the robot annihilated future.
You don't want to get in that one.
That's not a fun romp.
Well, neither were the movies.
Hey, the second one was dump.
This is my brother.
My brother and me started Justin Griffin and the only person who's seen both hot tub
time machine movies.
It was on a plane.
My brother, my brother and me is supported in part by Casper, an online retailer of
premium obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction of the price.
We have a Casper in our guest room and it is incredibly comfortable.
I think at least one of you guys has slept on it, right?
I think both of us.
Both of us.
Probably at different points.
Yeah, it's a comfortable bed in there, right?
Why I've slept on mattresses all across this great land of ours, Justin.
Travis would know if he'd slept on a bed that I had previously slept on and that's
all I'm going to say about it.
Gross.
They got a risk free trial.
Slime time.
You can try sleeping or sliming on a Casper for 100 days with free delivery and painless
returns.
Mattresses are made in America and they're really, really well priced.
We're talking like 500 bucks for a twin mattress, 950 for a king like and that's
the top end 950.
It's to be nigh impossible to be in a mattress store and certainly not going to beat the
quality.
And you get to swamp them open in a really fun way.
Swamp?
Yeah.
Yeah, they come all sealed up in a box and then you open them and they unfold like, you
know, those little like plastic things used to drop in water and they got hot and foam
things unfolded from them in the form of a dragon.
That but a mattress.
Our listeners can get $50 towards any mattress by visiting Casper.com slash my brother and
using the promo code my brother.
Don't throw the mattresses into hot water.
Hey, listen, terms and conditions apply.
The beds are all haunted.
That's why they that's why they named it what they fucking named it.
They try to sneak that shit in and that's not even the fine print.
They put it in the big print and just hope that you don't even notice.
I love them.
They've been good to us.
They've been real good to us.
All the beds are haunted.
Casper.com slash my brother.
Got another sponsor here.
Maybe you've heard of them.
Harry's dot com.
They sent me a box with a razor and some gel in it and it gave me a gave me a smooth finish.
Should be called not Harry's dot com.
How good is that new razor handle?
It's so comfortable.
It's good as hell.
It's like holding a it's like holding a finely tuned sword.
Did I cut out?
Did you guys not?
I said more like not Harry's dot com.
Yeah, and it's a great point Travis and well made.
Griffin, tell me about Harry's.
Well, they supported us in part this week.
Listen, buying razors is the worst fucking thing ever because they put them in in little
Ocean's Eleven safes and you can't get in there.
But you can't get in there because each of the razors cost a hundred thousand dollars.
They cost they cost too much.
That's why two guys started Harry's dot com.
They sell high quality blades that provide a close comfortable shave for half the price
that you're used to.
So I know I said a hundred thousand dollars.
So that would mean these are fifty thousand dollars.
No, they're they're much, much cheaper than that.
These are German engineered five blade cartridges.
You get a close, comfy save.
You get you got a good quality razor.
You get a full refund if you're not happy and you get factory direct prices.
You cut out the middleman.
You say get the fuck out of here, CBS.
Get out of here, Norman Reedus.
What's the New York chain?
No, that was it.
If Norman Reedus tries to sell you some razors.
They ship don't buy from him, scruffy little goon.
They ship these razors right to your door.
You can get a Truman starter set.
It's a good option for new customers.
It's an amazing deal for just fifteen dollars.
You get the razor handle, get some moisturizing shave cream and three of Harry's five blade
German engineered razors.
You give all of our listeners five dollars off your first purchase at Harry's.
That's H A R R Y S dot com and use the promo code my brother.
All one word.
That's Harry's H A R R Y S dot com and use the code my brother.
All one word.
More like not Harry's.
God, Travis.
Cause like cause you have hair and then you shave it off.
Trav, read the personal message.
You got it.
This is to Molly Groupie and it's from Garrett Baird and the message is
Happy birthday, Molly.
You're an awesome cousin and as always, my favorite Facebook friend.
I hope you're enjoying your birthday in snowy Wisconsin.
I already know that I'm your favorite cousin, but I hope this really cements me further
into that status.
Much love, Garrett.
And Trav, what's the requested time frame on this birthday message?
That would be over two months ago, Justin.
Hey, happy birthday, Molly.
Sorry didn't- Garrett didn't get you nothing.
He's trying his best.
The beauty of this, Garrett, is not only have you submitted yourself as the favorite cousin,
you can now fuck up a couple times like by having your message read two months late,
perhaps or by- Totally bomb.
Yeah, just whatever.
Like you can get away with it now because not only did you get Molly a happy birthday
message, you timed it out perfectly so that it was on our special 300th episode.
Yeah, this is going to be such a big app.
I got a message to Jabba J from Maddie.
It says, Hey, my sweet Jabba J.
It's me, your wife.
We've been married for a year and it's great.
I love you so much.
Happy anniversary.
I'm writing this as you're cracking up over Glass Shark for the millionth time.
I think you love Glass Shark more than me.
Sorry this got weirdly confrontational at the end.
Justin just made that part up.
And oh, got this one pretty darn.
Wow, wow.
April 24th is the requested time frame on that.
So just about stuck the landing.
I want you to know that Jabba shouldn't feel bad.
I've listened to Glass Shark so many times.
I may be reaching up towards a million too.
You're not alone.
Remind me, what was that?
Which one?
It was the one where we talked about Scott Bakula.
Oh, okay, thank you.
Does that narrow it down?
Yeah.
When Scott Bakula swam down that pool and ate that gift.
Let's take people inside the show a little bit.
We got a lot of guest spurts on the show this week, which is very exciting for us.
There is one guest spurt that we have reached out to to try to book on our program that
their manager gave us a pass-a-rooney.
Just one strong pass.
Just a strong pass.
There is one human that we have.
We haven't reached out to that many people because I don't know.
There's not a lot of people that we think would be a great fit for this.
There's one person.
I'm not going to say who.
But let's just say it was a polite but hard no.
I think we've had a lot of people that we've reached out to who just didn't even bother
to respond.
This is the first one to just make sure you guys know, go fuck yourselves.
It just said at the end, it just said, oh, no.
And you know, sometimes you get a response from someone's rep and you think, oh, I bet
that even didn't make it across the person's desk.
I bet the rep just said no offhand.
I would like to think that this was a solid no from the person themselves.
Yeah, I think it's a personal.
I like to think this came directly from the desk of...
Let's say, bot-racula.
Let's say, let's say got-dracula.
OK, let's say Scott-bacula Jr.
But maybe let's say bot-scacula.
Like, I just want to say, though, for the record, in case he's listening to this, because
maybe he was just too nervous to come on the show because he's such a big fan, I want to
say it did not disappoint me in the slightest.
I would have been disappointed if he'd agreed to it.
Yeah, you know what?
He's just, he's like big fish.
You know, it's going to take me a while to reel in Scott-bacula, but when I do, there's
like an intense respect.
Then you'll die.
That'll be the last day of your life.
You'll die and then he'll carry you out into the lake.
Yeah, Scott-bacula won't even go see Hamilton because he's worried Lynn will try to get
him to talk to him.
Yeah.
New to Maximum Fun, the Beef and Dairy Network podcast, the number one podcast for those
involved or just interested in the production of beef animals and dairy herds.
All sponsored by Grazex, the latest grass replacement pellet from Mitchell's.
If it's not Mitchell's, get back in the truck.
Find us at MaximumFun.org or on iTunes or wherever you get your podcasts from.
And if it's not clear, this is a comedy podcast.
Beef out.
Here's one from Level 9000.
Yeah, Drew Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajuru Answers user, The Mystic, who asks.
What do pilots dream about?
Fucking oh man, I didn't even read this.
The top answer from livergirl98 is you would have to ask pilots.
That's fucking great, yeah.
You went to Yajuru Answers, not pilot answers.
What do you guys think pilots dream about?
Well, that's the thing, right?
They get to experience the majesty of flight.
Sorry, can you say that word again?
Yeah, I added like an extra like an umlaut syllable to it.
There was a U in there somewhere.
They get to experience the magic of flying.
You were transferred to Grey Gardens for a second.
They get to experience the magic of flout.
Fly it, mother.
Fly it.
Of floutus.
They dream about like not being in the air and they're like, I'm walking.
That would probably be a wonderful break for them.
Yeah, because you know what I bet?
I get nervous when I drive like on the freeway and I'm going like 60 miles an hour.
I bet like the whole time you're flying a plane, it's nonstop terrifying.
You think?
You're probably just tense the whole time because like you know like you're defying gravity.
You're going against everything that is right and natural.
Is that outside the window?
Yeah, it's David Copperfield.
It's David Copperfield.
There he goes again.
There goes my hero.
Up to space.
Oh shit, he's not coming down this-
Oh fuck.
Breaker breaker.
Just saw David Copperfield die.
Feeling pretty upset about it.
This is now a truck.
Being a pilot is really an abomination.
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe they just dream of one day being freed from their flight to prison.
What do you mean?
Like they don't have to fly anymore.
They're tired of breaking the laws of man.
Yeah, but it's also like once you've done it, it's so addictive.
The power of rising above the pole.
You're trapped by this big blue bastard and you're just being drawn back to Earth,
but then escaping Earth, but then having to return.
That struggle.
That struggle.
That struggle of being free for one moment and knowing you have to return and knowing
that nothing in life will ever please you the way that that moment of breaking the grasp
of this planetary asshole.
The hardest part of being a pilot isn't flying the plane.
It's hiding your utter delight and it all going smoothly and landing safely.
Like you want to hop out and just kiss the ground and rejoice,
but you don't want the passengers to see that.
You don't want to get on the horn and just be like,
hey everybody, really glad that went well.
Can you believe that shit?
Every pilot after they get off a plane, if you actually hang,
everybody gets off the plane as quick as they possibly can because people are monsters.
If you hung out for like a second and you thank the pilot because he just defied the
laws of gravity, you would hear every pilot when they're done flying,
they always say like, never again.
That was, I swear to God, I say it every time, that was the last time that was so dangerous.
There's no way.
I didn't think I'd be able to pull it off that time.
I'm not going to lie.
Like I just look, I looked down and suddenly it was like,
I couldn't remember what I was supposed to do.
You know, it was like, there's no way this goes well.
Every time if you're a pilot in DC and you ask people,
so where are you flying to?
They say, New York.
Are you fucking shit?
Are you kidding me?
Seriously, you're going to go up there to get there?
Seriously?
Just walk.
Every time a pilot gets told that their flight's going like over the ocean,
they're just like, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
What am I supposed to do when it goes wrong?
We're just like, we're just like chomping boats flavor right now.
That's their game.
We do the sky, they do the sea.
That's always the weirdest part of the in-flight announcement when the pilot tries to talk
everyone into getting off the plane and getting on a cruise ship.
Wouldn't you guys rather?
They have like casinos and like bars and stuff.
That sounds way more fun.
The real answer to this question is it depends on which pilot you're talking about.
Okay, so if you're the co-pilot, you go to sleep every night and dream of one day
just getting that big chair.
Killing the pilot.
Killing the pilot and getting that big chair where you finally get to take control.
If you're a pilot, then you dream of becoming the super pilot,
the pilot that rides on the top of the plane and is actually steering the whole thing.
The one that Teen Wolf's up there.
You wanna get up there, grab the reins, and bring this baby on home.
A pilot, co-pilot, and super pilot.
And the super pilot just Teen Wolf's on top the entire flight.
The super pilot doesn't sleep.
Doesn't sleep, doesn't need to dream high on cocaine all day.
No, he just leads the pack of horses that power the plane.
Do you guys think that pilots, they dream about all this,
like the sexy shaped clouds that they saw that day?
I saw one, swear to God, Jeff, looked just like a boob.
Saw one, Jeff, you're not gonna believe this shit, dude.
Round.
Check this shit out, dude.
Dude, check it out.
It was round, but then there was like a little hole in the middle of it.
Jeff, I swear to God, dude.
Dylan, Dylan, wake up.
Wake up.
Get your camera.
Fuck that cloud.
Dude, two nimbuses came together against a Cirrus.
A huge hog, dude.
I fucking like lost my nut, bro.
Bro, it looked like a huge hog, and I loved it.
Dude, I saw this huge old hog cloud,
and you know I'm gonna be dreaming about that tonight.
They don't teach you that stuff in aviation college.
Wish I was the fucking super pilot so I could have just like gone face first.
Just did a swan dive into that big old beautiful cumulo hog.
If I was a pilot, I would tell everybody my Instagram username
when the flight took off, and then I'd just keep hitting them with pics the whole flight.
Hey, got a new one up.
Let's get those likes going.
Let's get the faves.
Here's a question.
I take a figure drawing class in college where we have to draw nude models.
Drawing the model no longer feels awkward, with the exception of one model in particular.
My friends and I have noticed that rather than staring at the wall or an inanimate object,
she stares directly at each of our eyes as we draw her.
If we try to look away or break eye contact,
she'll continue to stare at each of us one by one,
with her lips upturned in a sort of strange smile.
Brothers, how can we make these three hour long class periods less uncomfortable?
That's from nude drawing in New York.
Holy shit.
This is exactly what I would do if I were in this scenario.
And I would just keep shouting,
Gaze upon me!
Drink it in!
Yes, this is the human body, and it is all supposed to look like this.
None of this is weird.
Your eyes may be tempted to merely flip past my dark materials,
but please stay.
Let them feast.
Let them rip past.
Fill your corneas with my beauty.
Drink deep from my fleshy torso.
We're in this together.
This moment, you and I, paint, paint like the wind.
Paint like the wind.
Two flesh becomes one?
I love it.
Millions of years of evolution have led to this moment.
Let them feast.
My body shall forever be the standard by which you judge beauty.
Don't let this moment pass by, Derek.
I would definitely, definitely memorize a class list.
Oh, for sure.
Which one of you motherfuckers is Brandon?
I hear you on the spelling bee in third grade.
Are you proud of that now?
Holy shit.
I just got a fucking great idea.
You're in a life drawing class, right?
You're the life drawing person is nude, nude, totally nude
up in front of the class.
Okay, great.
What's the art teacher doing?
Nothing, right?
They're saying like, draw this motherfucker.
I don't know why they don't have clothes on.
Sorry.
Do a great job drawing them.
Why don't you make the nude model a teacher?
But not the art teacher, because they're not gonna have anything to add.
What if you could go to your nude drawing class
and that nude drawing person was also teaching you anthropology?
Oh, double, double learning.
Double learning.
So you're like drawing them nude.
And like when you hear key stuff, you already have a paper and a pen there.
You're just like taking notes around their figure.
I like the idea better of the art teacher doing it,
because then they can be like, now, Brandon, I've scoped out your work.
And I notice that you tend to skimp out on the butt meat.
Don't, Brandon.
It's juicy, Brandon.
Don't act like it.
Brandon, look where I'm pointing.
I'm gonna move.
Guys, everybody stop drawing for a second.
Brandon, look where I'm pointing.
Draw that butt.
Good.
All right.
I'm back in position.
I bet it'd be a real power move if the art teacher was walking around
looking at everyone's drawings of you drawing, you know,
of everyone drawing the nude model.
But when they got to yours, you had drawn what you imagined
the art teacher looks like nude.
I don't think that's appropriate behavior.
And then you just like look at them and go, I don't know what happened.
I started with them.
And then one thing led to another.
You know what?
I'm going to drop out of college now.
Now, Brandon, I see that you haven't painted anything
as much as you have pencil traced Spider-Man from one of your comic books.
And let me just say, you got it perfect.
A+.
You got the goods.
You got the goods.
And I do too.
Whip.
That's right.
You knew all along.
I really am the real Spider-Man.
All those movies you see up there, you think those are works of fun fantasy fiction.
Nope.
It's me, your art teacher.
Mrs. Spider-Man.
Mrs. Naked art teacher, Mrs. Spider-Man.
I know you would think it should be Spider-
Whatever.
Don't worry about it.
This ointment that I rubbed all over my body for a joke that I did 50 minutes ago
is like irritating.
My skin feels bad on me.
Yeah.
You don't like it, huh?
I don't like how-
I thought it would make me feel good.
The opposite is true.
Should we do one more Yahoo?
Yes.
Okay.
Let's do a quick one.
Yes.
I also have four closers this week.
I thought this episode 300, let's just have a little pinata there at the end.
This first one was sent in by Aaron Keys.
Thank you, Aaron.
It's by an anonymous Yahoo user.
Uh, this anonymous user asks, I am looking for hype, clean songs.
I need an intro song for an event I do with middle schoolers.
Songs like Dessert, Awesome, by the Black Eyed Peas, The Time Is Now.
They have to be clean songs, not even clean versions of songs, like truly cleans songs.
Also trying to use current relevant songs.
So staying away from rock songs, like Seven Nation Army or Crazy Train.
All suggestions are appreciated.
Doesn't sound like it.
Doesn't sound like it.
Doesn't sound like you appreciate-
Because I responded to this Crazy Train.
And you say, get the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of here.
I told you no.
What about just the entirety of Wilinium?
Any- Anything from the will.
The will you.
Is it just language?
Language or I think adult concepts.
Like a lot of Sugar Ray's music.
You hear it and you go, this is fun music.
I'd love to share this with my family.
But then you hear it and there's adult situations in there.
Like a one night stand, that's a sex thing.
Yeah, and the halo I believe is a condom.
You think it's a condom?
And that's a prophylactic.
Why would you have a condom hanging from the corner of your four post bed?
That's not where the condoms go.
It sounds like you had a really wild night.
But I certainly don't want to sing about it in front of my middle school class.
That's the problem, Griffin.
You got to get to the bottom of the true meaning of all the songs.
Maybe there's no wordy dirts.
But maybe they say like, you know, I'm riding on a dragon.
And you're like, oh, that's heroin, I think.
Or cocaine.
Well, and you also have to keep in mind the intent of the artist,
because you listen to any Sugar Ray music.
And even the cleanest Sugar Ray songs,
hard for me to like enjoy the subject matter of it,
because I know that that day that that song was recorded,
Mark McGrath probably punched a kid.
Probably punched a child.
And it's like, I don't know if I can feel okay about that.
And this is a fact.
Every Sugar Ray song is about masturbation.
Go back and listen.
I just want to fly, yeah.
In the rap part, maybe you listen to the chorus
and you don't listen to the rapping going on behind it.
But the guy's just like, jerking off all night.
Yep.
You know, have you ever heard the phrase,
I'm going to go Sugar my Ray?
That's why.
I'm going to go McGrath and my Mark.
Justin, a clean hype song for you?
Just something by Raffi, I guess.
One of the-
The baby blue gives me fucking pumped, dog.
Like the hard ones, you know what I mean?
He's like, especially if I was in Canada,
if he just like ripped into like,
if I could get Raffi to do a heavy metal version of C-A-N-A-D-A,
like I would, I think that that would really get me like ripe
before battle.
Yeah, man.
For going into battle.
What if he did a song called Adult Beluga,
but it was an all curse word version of Baby Beluga,
where every, I don't just mean you drop some curses in there.
I'm saying you replace every noun, every verb,
every conjunction, and then the one time he says fuck
in the song Baby Beluga,
you would just switch that out with another curse word.
Yeah, you wouldn't switch that one.
You don't want to mess with the artist's intent too much.
He definitely meant to say fuck at that one part.
This big fucking whale, Baby Beluga.
Can you believe this shit, Baby Beluga?
It's as big as shit, but it starts little,
but it's still big.
I'm just saying comparatively fuck.
That's two curse words, Travis.
We explicitly said there's only one curse word.
There's only one secret curse word.
Aw, Dick, look at all that plankton.
He's going to eat it all up.
We're almost the end of our show,
but before we close, we have just a few more former guest
spurts talking about how our show has changed their life.
So let's hear from now.
Greetings, brothers and listeners to Brothers,
and I'm talking about specific brothers.
Travis, Justin, Griffin, my brothers,
my brothers and them.
This is John Hodgman of the Judge John Hodgman podcast
and once, and I dare hope, future guest pert
on the My Brother, My Brother and Me podcast.
Appearing on My Brother, My Brother and Me
was very important to me because it reminded me
that I am an only child and I have no brothers
and am thus incredibly sad.
Sad and wiser still to have bathed in their wisdom.
Also, via them, I managed to meet Lin-Manuel Miranda
of Hamilton fame and My Brother, My Brothers and Me's fame.
And that has been a great delight in my life.
And the confluence of meeting all those brothers
and that one, Lin, inspired me in my new life's work,
My Brothers, My Brothers and Me, a rap musical,
which I've already copywritten in Singapore
so no one can stop me.
Thanks, guys, for giving me a purpose in life.
Hey, this is Dan Savage from the Savage Lovecast
and I just wanna offer my congratulations to everybody,
to all the brothers at My Brother, My Brother and Me
on the occasion of your 300th episode.
And I wanna once again thank you guys
for having me on your show as a guest
because my career was really going nowhere
until that moment.
Thank you, My Brother, My Brother and Me
for all you've done for me.
Hey, this is John Roderick of Seattle's
The Long Winters Band.
You know, obviously, to those of you
who are My Brother, My Brother and Me fans,
the guys a long time ago wrote me
kinda out of the blue and asked if they could use my song,
It's a Departure, as the theme song for the podcast.
And at the time, I had never heard of these ding-a-lings
and I was like, yeah, okay, kids,
you can use my song as the theme to your podcast.
I hope it goes well for you.
I hope you make it past five episodes.
Good luck, Godspeed.
And of course, history played out in such a way
that it was a successful podcast
and it introduced a lot of people to my music
and over time, I've grown to be friends
with the McElroy brothers,
who are lovely, lovely, lovely people.
Their whole extended family,
which frankly, sort of roams the earth
in a way that's vaguely culty, honestly,
when you see them all together.
You get that kind of strange feeling
that it's maybe like one of those hippie families
that travels around in a old converted school bus
and I don't know, maybe has some strange
unorthodox practices, but nonetheless,
and in fact, even, let me say,
let me say that that has influenced me as well
because it made me realize
that I wanted to be kind of part of a weird hippie cult,
but I don't have two other brothers.
So I've started to have to manufacture that in my own life,
but that's beside the point.
What I want to say is that my brother and me
and the entire, again, weird cult of Max Fun Con
or the Maximum Fun Network,
I'm really getting kind of lost here,
again, because frankly, I'm not sure what they do,
I've never listened to their podcast,
but they have been, they've been very influential on me,
on my career, and I know that a lot of you
have discovered my music as a result of listening to it
repeatedly over and over and listening to the brothers
extol my virtues and sing my praises to you.
I can't think of a more generous group
of weird West Virginia mountain people,
and so I would like to thank them and congratulate them
on their 40 years of service to the podcasting industry.
Boy, that's all I have to say, except that you should all,
also listen to my podcast, Roderick on the Line.
I don't know why you don't already,
I'm kind of astonished because I feel like my podcast
should be as big as my brother and me.
I don't have the two other brothers, maybe that's why.
But so with that, I love you guys, good job,
thanks for continuing to make me relevant,
even as I decline into late middle age.
And good luck, Godspeed, cheers.
Thank you all, we're at the end of our program now,
episode 300, and I just want to take a moment
to say a very sincere thank you.
We've been at this for six years,
if you can believe that shit,
and a lot of people told us that this would never work.
A lot of people try to stand in our way
and try to mess our show up and like just,
and like just mess everything up and ruin it for us,
and they never did because of you fine people listening.
It's really meant the world to us,
as a show that started as an excuse for us
to just like talk to each other more
because we had to move to separate places.
It has become kind of an extended family for me,
and I feel really lucky to have you all here
week in and week out, and even for the bad ones,
you still find something to like about them,
and I've always really appreciated that.
We quite sincerely would not be where we are
if it weren't for you.
I mean, word of mouth and you guys liking the show
and telling people to listen and share it
has been the most powerful force driving this show,
and I go through the emails every week,
and I see on Twitter people talking about
loving the show and liking the show,
and it means the world to me.
I put out the call for people to send in
what's changed in their lives
since listening to my brother and my brother and me,
and I got like over 150 responses.
I edited down a thing that you'll hear later on
at the end of the show, but I was touched.
Like literally, I teared up just at the response
and everybody with everything,
all the nice things you guys said, it meant a lot to me.
I wasn't able to put all of them in
because I ended up with like a half hour's worth of audio.
And this has been maybe our most masturbatory episode,
but that seemed a little, like we don't want to finish.
You know what I mean?
Maybe as a thank you, a genuine thank you
for these people who have changed our lives,
maybe fewer jerk off jokes.
We won't talk about the tantric masturbation
that is 300 episodes.
Yeah, fantastic.
Yeah, no, seriously, you've changed our lives.
Thank you, thank you.
And I will eventually put out maybe like a YouTube video
or a special audio thing of all the responses I got
because they were all so great.
I want everyone to be able to hear all of them.
And thank you to our guest spurts who sounded off.
We had Lin-Manuel Miranda, we got John Hodgman,
Elizabeth Gilbert, John Roderick, Dan Savage,
Cameron Esposito, Bill Corbett.
We also want to say thank you to Max Fun.
We joined Max Fun on what, episode 32?
Yeah, like 268 episodes ago.
And we would not be where we are if it weren't for Max Fun.
And we have so many shows on Max Fun now.
Thank you to Max Fun.
They just added a new show that I am a huge fan of already
called the Beef and Dairy Network.
Oh, God, it's so good.
Listen to episode eight, it'll blow your mind.
It's my favorite episode.
I feel like I've learned a lot
about how cheese and steak get made.
It's so good, you guys.
It's a very short show too, which I love.
Yeah, and it's funny and weird and it's great.
If you like this show, you can check out
all the other McElroy shows at McElroyShows.com.
All our Twitter accounts are there.
All of our Facebook groups are there.
The contact info is there.
Everything's there that you need to find.
So go check it out.
Thanks to John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
I think we're gonna keep it going through volume two,
just like the fan reaction has been so great.
So let's keep that tune rocking
and you can hear it on that album,
Putting the Days to Bed, go buy it and listen to it.
Let's wrap this thing up.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Here's a salvo of final yahoos
because I found four really good final yahoos
and I didn't want to just trash three of them.
And stick around afterwards for the whole
thanks NBNBAM memories thing.
This one was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by yadrewanswersuseranonymous who asks,
do members of Linkin Park smoke marijuana?
Drew sent this one in too.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by yahooanswersuserkurth who says,
do you think Winona Ryder is bad?
Brooks Oglesby sent this one in.
Thank you, Brooks.
It's by yahooanswersusererickkartman who says,
do you think the KFC in heaven will have a bigger menu?
Final one was sent in by ridinghigh, Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by yahooanswersuserkurth who asks,
can I hire someone to do vape tricks
at my son's birthday party?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm still Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Since I started listening to music,
I've been listening to music for a long time.
I've been listening to music for a long time.
I've been listening to music for a long time.
Since I started listening to my brother, my brother and me.
Since I started listening.
Since I started listening.
Since I started listening.
Since I've started listening.
Since I started listening.
Since I started listening to my brother, my brother and me.
My commute has gone from miserable to ooh mommy.
Sales for my haunted doll business have been great.
I've come to appreciate the F-bomb
and those who use it liberally with relish, style and panache.
I started to figure out that I was very weird in very different ways.
I laugh a hell of a lot more.
I've discovered I'm not the only one that asks random questions to themselves.
Things that, if you ever asked anyone else,
they'd wonder if you've been drinking all day.
I've discovered the beauty of ASMR.
I'm at the love of my life.
We got engaged, we got married,
and we even drove round trip from Nebraska to Minneapolis
to listen to three goofballs from West Virginia give hilariously bad advice.
I've started calling my own brothers more.
We live very different lives in different parts of our country
and it's kind of hard to keep in contact.
That wasn't really funny, but I hope my German accent makes it funny.
I can no longer tell my students great job
without saying it like that or just busting out laughing.
I now refer to everything in my life as boys.
I saw a fish a few days ago and I thought, oh, that's a wet boy.
That's not right, but I love it.
I've learned to use jelly as a tool to climb my way up the social ladder.
To quote Archimedes,
give me jelly in a place to stand and I will move the world.
I got my master's degree from college, not university.
This is America.
I started saying things like my dude and fish lifters a lot.
I've achieved notoriety beyond my mildest dreams.
I make my girlfriend laugh a lot more by quoting the show,
mostly when I say, ooh, mommy.
People have stopped sitting next to me on the subway.
I've graduated high school.
I broke a Guinness world record.
I won a national championship.
I'm halfway done college, and most importantly, I've grown a mustache.
My nine and seven-year-old daughters have learned words like fuck,
shit, jizz, dick, hog, and of course, hachi-machi.
Hey, McElroys, it's your old pal Ira.
Thanks to MBMB AM, whenever I introduce myself to a stranger as Ira Ray,
there's a pretty good chance that they'll immediately respond with,
are you Ira Ray, which wouldn't make any sense in any world other than this one.
So thanks.
My housemate Bob Peterson upgraded from a one-horsepower
KitchenAid standing mixer to a 1.5-horsepower KitchenAid standing mixer.
I met the love of my life, an equally weird, if not weirder, partner in crime.
I just can't stop fucking ghosts.
I've become a nun.
I'm pretty sure that's an unrelated development, though.
I've started to slowly metamorphosize into a beautiful butterfly,
where each segment is a different McElroy brother, and I couldn't be happier about it.
I laugh every time I meet somebody named Ron, Deborah, or Darrell.
Thanks, MBMB AM.
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thanks!
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thank you, MBMB AM.
Thanks.
Thanks, MBMB AM.
Thanks.
Thanks, MBMB AM.
Thank you, MBMB AM.
Thanks.
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thanks, m'Bim Bam.
Thanks MBNBAM!
