The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Change your mind on the first in line Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around
If you got no place to go when you're feeling down
If you're all alone, when the pretty birds are gone
On Tosh.0, that's right, it's your favorite Hollywood celebrities, my brother, my brother, and me.
You may know us from Comedy Central's hit, Tosh.0, where we were.
Would you say featured?
I would say we cameoed. I got a call.
I would say spotlighted, at least.
I got a call on my mobile from my boy Tosh.
Yeah, just didn't happen.
That's what I call him. My boy Tosh.0 called up, he was like, hey, listen, I was just in the editing bay,
somebody was wearing one of your shirts on one of my funny segments on my funny internet show,
and I just wanted to get your permission to put it on the air.
And I said, Tosh, you and I go way back, I'll allow it.
So, Tosh, if you're listening, I hope I didn't just cramp your style.
No. Now, we actually do a big thanks to Gregory Posey,
who had the forethought to, before he ate a disgusting 100% cacao bar,
to put on his My Brother, My Brother, and Me t-shirts.
So, he is leading in terms of My Brother, My Brother, and Me fandom, I think it's fair to say.
You should follow him on Twitter, he is Mr. Dr. Muffin, which is also a very good name.
First stomp, Tosh.0, next stomp, Law and Order.
I'd like to get on Tosh.1.
If you're going to commit a terrible crime that is going to result in notoriety,
just strap on him a Bim Bam t-shirt underneath your Kevlar vest.
No, don't actually wear the Kevlar vest, because you'll distract from the branding.
But just, you know, if you're going to do something big... There's nothing I want to see more than a guy
charging and screaming about something, and law enforcement tries to bring him down,
and the bullets rip through his My Brother, My Brother, and Me t-shirt, but hit Kevlar,
and he's like, rawr, you can't bring me down!
And it gives the false impression that our shirts are bulletproof.
When asked, the suspect replied, I guess it's time to pack my bags and move away.
Back to you, Jim.
Don't actually do any of the things we just said.
Don't do any of the things we said, but that's a pretty common rule here on My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
We don't suggest you do anything we tell you to.
Even if our advice is good, occasionally we have to legally sort of cover ourselves that way.
I feel like we've danced around this enough.
I think it's time to get a spoon and really dig into the advice portion of the show.
So, let's hear from AtSholi17.
She's on the Twitter service.
She says, Hi guys.
Hi, Sholi.
I'm a 22-year-old gal and I need a clever original costume to wear to my friend's Halloween party.
Any suggestions?
If I had one, I would probably use it myself.
I probably wouldn't give it out.
I'm so terrible at coming up with Halloween costumes.
The best thing is always, I think, to do a group of people doing something.
Yeah, then you've got solidarity.
What about a sexy dragon?
I don't know why a sexy dragon, but sexy things are pretty popular with girls.
Everybody likes a dragon, right?
Sexy werewolf?
See, that's the thing.
She needs it to be clever and original.
I think the dragon portion of that is okay.
What about a frumpy dragon?
What about a confident, unattractive dragon?
How about a sexy, frumpy person?
Yeah, like your hair is disheveled in a sexy way and you're wearing a stupid plaid dress, but it's too short.
I was like, whoa.
You're frumpy, but also very attractive.
I don't think we can help you on this because I think that your Halloween costume is a true sign of creativity.
Creativity comes from inside.
For instance, my favorite Halloween costume is one that Travis told me about.
It was at a party, I believe, in Oklahoma where someone came to the Halloween party wearing just a pair of jeans.
When asked what he was, he said premature ejaculation because he just came in his pants.
That is the best Halloween costume ever because it's a joke, it's clever, and it transforms you.
It's transformative.
The best thing we can do, Shirley, is tell you what to avoid.
Here's a costume I can't stand.
A production costume where you get there and everybody's like, oh my God, what an elaborate costume.
Within minutes, you are sweating and you just...
Chunks are falling off.
Chunks of it are falling off because she paper mache-ed it to your body.
Half hour in, you just look like a nightmare.
All the sexy dragons and sexy frumpy people are scooping up all the dudes.
I think what you should do is you should go as a group, find a group of people, and do sexy Supreme Court justices.
That's good.
That's a good one.
So do mine.
I am more.
What?
She plays softball, you know.
What do you guys think is going to be the hot one this year?
Two years ago, it was the Joker.
Everyone was the Joker, right?
Last year, it was Balloon Boy, right?
What?
Everybody was Balloon Boy.
I miss that trend.
I got to get Balloon Boy.
I was creeped out by sexy Balloon Boy, though.
The best costume is the one that would have been culturally relevant three years ago.
Let me hit you with one.
Judge Lance Ito.
No, stay with me.
What major cultural events happened this year that are going to be Halloween-ified?
I think we're smart enough to figure this out.
Because I think this isn't just shooting the shit anymore.
This could be a practical business venture.
You can keep track of what is happening.
You will wear a Jersey Shore costume.
That's probably what it will be, right?
It will be Jersey Shore.
No, Lady Gaga.
Lady Gaga.
But Lady Gaga, how do you do that?
She is a costume.
You put some hula hoops around your waist.
Hula hoops made out of meat and human hair.
Might I suggest going as three sexy podcast hosting brothers?
Do my bim bam, but just use two mannequin heads.
That's what I want.
That's basically the setup we have going on right now.
That is basically, yeah.
I am a puppet.
I am Travis's puppet, and Griffin is my puppet that I am Travis.
It's very confusing.
I am currently in a situation I do not know how to handle.
I am falling for a married woman.
Oh, sorry.
Yes, the sinner is me, and I've embraced that already, but all signs point to her having
feelings for me too.
She's mentioned how our marriage has been on the rocks several times because of him.
What should I do?
That's lag from Gmail.
Oh, that's a simple question.
Don't do an effing thing.
Not a thing.
Here's a good way to deal with this situation.
You got to get out of it.
You got to run far, run fast because I guarantee you.
I guarantee you.
That is the worst way to begin a relationship, the number one worst way, and lag.
I don't know how to say this, but Dr. Phil says that if she will cheat on him to be with
you, she will cheat on you to be with the cute pizza guy.
That's just science.
I have a test, and I call it the how did you meet mommy test, which is one day if you have
kids, they'll look up at you and say, how did you meet mommy?
And your answer is, well, she was married to this other guy, and I totally made them
divorce.
It's time for you to learn about it.
It's time for you to learn about adultery.
Yeah.
Mommy wanted a taste of, you know how when you eat Froot Loops every morning, some mornings
you wake up, and you want some Captain Crunch.
Daddy was Captain Crunch for mommy, and I crunchetized her so hard.
She put my figurative Crunch Berries in her mouth, and she bit down.
And then it turned into Oops All Berries.
Yeah, and then you were born.
Nine months later, you were born.
Nine months later.
It was a miracle, really, a miracle.
That's why we named you Rasp.
What?
So what you need to do is do nothing, I said.
Yeah, like don't do it.
Don't do it.
That fucking sucks, man.
It sucks, lag.
That sucks, dude.
That's a sucky thing to do.
It's just sucky, right?
That's the worst thing you can do.
Something you can actualize.
The world is trying to whittle me down, but I'm still a pretty romantic guy, but I don't
think there's any situation where I can be like, oh man, I'm so crazy for that person.
I'm gonna break up their marriage.
Yeah.
That goes against God's law.
Yeah.
Goes against state law, depending on what state you live in.
I'm sure there are some states where adultery is illegal, right?
Like Utah.
Ah, see, I knew you were gonna go there.
Yeah.
So you want him to be a brother-husband.
Oh no, brother-husband.
Lag, you're better than that.
You're not a brother-husband.
Lag, let me give you a two, here's the thing.
A lot of people won't tell you about jerking off.
Jerking off is good, and it's healthy, it's natural, it's beautiful, it's human, right?
Of course.
But it also can, for the span of 15 to 20 minutes afterwards, give you superpowers.
What do you mean, Justin?
Well, first off, you can be supernaturally caring to your special someone.
For 15 to 20 minutes, all you care about is them.
You do not, you can be free of your sexual urges.
It can also help you to weather the storms of temptation.
Here's what you do, Lag.
You jerk it, pick up a phone, tell her you're done.
That's it.
Tell her it can't happen, because Lag, that is the only time you will have the strength
to do it, because if you can't do it then, then you are not in lust.
You have genuine feelings for her.
What you need to do is try to do that, and then you can tell it's not your wiener making
the decisions for you.
You need to master your bastion.
What?
And overcome it.
What?
Yes.
Did, did, did Michael Jackson die, did Michael Jackson die this year?
Or was that last year?
Last year.
Son of a bitch.
I'm still thinking of Halloween costumes, and I thought that dead Michael Jackson might
be one, but.
Ditto, you got a, you got a yahoo answer for us?
I sure do.
This one was sent in to us by Bug42.
I wanted to actually save it for later in the show, but it's, it's like a beautiful
present that, and I know it's inside of it already, and I want to share it with the world,
so it's not like a present at all.
But it was sent in by Bug42, thank you Bug42.
It's a question by Kevin K. O. Arsenalista.
That's his moniker on the internet.
He asks, can your baby get pregnant if you have sex while pregnant?
Like, the baby is a girl, and you have sex, and the sperm goos to her while in the womb.
I'm imagining like a Russian doll situation, like, the answer is obviously yes.
Like when you cut open a shark, and there's a baby in the shark, and then there's a shark
baby inside.
Person inside of person inside of person inside of person, uh, ad infinitum.
That's when it gets tricky.
It's the fifth baby in there that gets a problem, like, you know, you get your, your significant
other pregnant, and then you get that baby pregnant, and then you get that baby pregnant,
then you get that baby pregnant, but then you're getting down to that tiny little baby
in the middle.
You go to your wife and you say, why does my baby's baby baby look nothing like me?
And she's like, hold on, I have to get a chart out, because I cannot honestly answer you.
There is, there are too many layers of abstraction here.
Can we also address, like, his, his concept is, of course, delightful.
Can we address his use of goos as a verb?
I think he misspelled goes, but I mean, I guess it works either way.
Yeah, it does.
Right?
Like in this specific case, it just goes into the baby.
Well, when it gets, when it gets tricky is, yeah, if it's a girl baby, she gets pregnant.
But if it's a guy baby, once you break that chain, once you break that chain, you can't,
you can't make any more humans.
What you what you should do, what you do is try and time out all the pregnancy so that
the due dates fall within like the same time so that you could get like a, like a chain
of of births like a like a charm bracelet thing going on like a charm bracelet of human
beings.
I am.
I don't think that babies can get pregnant to answer your question.
No, you have to be at least seven.
That's when I think that's when you become fertile.
This is from Terry.
Terry asks, I have an OK job at the moment, but a job I have wanted for a long time has
come up.
And in order to apply for this new job, I may need to get myself in some serious trouble
at my current job.
Do you think it's worth risking?
Terry, do you mean that like you're going to have to get into some shenanigans or like
in order to get fired, you've got to get such monkey shines that you can get removed from
this current job?
Like, what's the.
Well, I've got a really good, but the only way to get in is to break into my current
job.
Right.
I've got this great goof.
You guys want to hear my goof?
Yeah.
Let me hear the goof.
Here's what you do while you're at work, while you're working, you're at your desk, right?
And you're, you know, doing whatever it is that you do, OK?
You stand up, OK, and you go in your boss's office and you say, I don't want to work here
anymore.
Wait a minute.
I love it.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I think what he said, he doesn't have a guarantee.
So like, I think then why does he want to get in trouble at his job if he doesn't have
a guarantee?
How bad are you at secrets that your job needs, your job one needs to find out that you're
applying for job two?
Like, are you just so terrified that you're going to pay boss?
I need to leave early today.
I'm dying.
I mean, I, my grandfather is applying for it.
Damn it.
I got hit by a baby.
OK, I've reread the question now, and I think what's going on is that the company he wants
to work at is a competitor to the company he's currently working at.
So they want him to, like, steal company secrets.
Oh shit, espionage.
I think there's some corporate espionage going on.
I've been waiting for-
We don't want none of that shit.
24 episodes to get an espionage question.
And just to tell you that we're having enough of it.
We will, we will allow babies to get pregnant by other babies' intercourse before we allow
espionage to be discussed on this program.
If there's one thing that really drives me off the wall, it's spies.
Spies?
We did have-
Ooh, spies.
We had a question about marital espionage earlier.
Does that count?
Is that, is that-
No.
Yes.
Yeah.
That totally works.
Yeah.
Subterfuge, I'm OK with.
It's corporate espionage.
Haven't corporations been through enough?
Look at the economy.
Haven't these corporate, these poor businesses been through enough that you're going to subject
them to espionage, Terry?
A2, Terry?
After all the paychecks they've given you?
After that nice cake that Carla from Accounting got you for your birthday?
Gross, Terry.
Gross.
Robocop.
Robocop?
I know there hasn't been a Robocop movie in a long, long time, but I think the Robocop
students have a comeback where you just show up dressed as Robocop and people will be like,
oh shit, I've never seen anybody in a Robocop outfit.
Form Spring Axe.
Dear Mabim Bam, what do you think is the best way to ease relationship insecurities?
I'm in a long-term relationship and give it my all, but I feel like I'm not good enough
for my successful boyfriend and I don't want to bother him with my petty issues.
Ooh.
This is an intruder.
So you're dealing with your own insecurities, not his.
Right.
She is insecure in the relationship because she thinks the boyfriend is too good for her.
You can't let that kind of thing seep into your head.
You gotta, you gotta overcome that because that is sort of a self-defeating, self-defeating
thing.
And I guess that's what you're trying to do and you're turning to us for it.
Let me, let me give you some, an upside here.
And while it might not seem like it, I think you're in a win-win situation where I think
a good way to get over it is to express these insecurities with your boyfriend and say,
I want to talk about these.
I know these are issues.
And if he doesn't want to listen, hey, your insecurities are totally justified.
And then you get to deal with that.
You realize like halfway through your answer that it wasn't an answer really.
Right.
I realized like, oh, this isn't as positive as I thought it was going to be.
Just, you know, find something on the side.
Just get a little side dude going, get a little side dude action because he will give you
all of the, the attention and all of the, you know, positive reinforcement that you
need.
You need a side dude.
And it's not cheating.
It's not cheating.
If you do it for those reasons.
Listen, if Mr. Success, you want to knock him down a few pegs, that's how you do it.
Let him, that'll be your secret.
That's your success that you keep from him.
Did we just discover the reason why people cheat on their significant others?
It's gotta be one of them.
The other one is if the person is immensely physically attractive.
Just super, super.
So hot.
So hot.
So hot.
Yes.
I don't care about my insecurities anymore.
You are bringing me such pleasure because of your physical attractiveness and your sexual
prowess that this is worth it.
I hate to, I hate to keep interrupting, but, um, Paul Bart mall cop, did that come out
this year or was that last year?
I believe that was Paul Blart was, I'm not kidding.
I think Paul Blart mall cop would be a pretty, I might actually, how about Paul Blart Robocop?
Whoa, did you not watch the movie Travis?
Around the halfway point during the, the, the ascending action of that movie is he gets
cut in half by one of those gates that they use to lock down stores.
So they have to give him robot legs.
So from the, actually it was a segue.
His bottom half became a segue and his top half was Kevin Smith.
And it was so fucking funny.
It was a, it was a rough, rough surgery and they had to get a hat, a torso donation from
Kevin Smith and, uh, Kevin James is dead.
So like the segues underneath his long coat and, uh, Paul Blart mall rat, thank you monster.
What?
It seems like with all of the people I know in a relationship, the guy is usually four
to 10 years older than their GF and any girls I meet who are relatively close to my age
seem to be interested in older guys, 22, not particularly interested in dating 18 year
olds.
One of the youngest within my group of college friends by a few years, wait, really?
Okay.
And most people think I'm 18 or 19.
My question, who are these dummies are going to college?
My question is, should I keep trying to meet girls my age knowing they probably won't want
to talk with me or jump on the bandwagon and be that guy who's always hitting on 18 year
old girls?
Nate, that's great.
Well, stop, hold it.
Stop hanging out with old Mr. Jankins, the groundskeeper.
But he's clearly laid out the only two options he has.
All joking aside, like be lonely, uh, because everyone else, all of your peers are grooving
on the 28 to 34 year olds, uh, or, or, you know, be with an 18 year old because what
was great, what was great is when you were 18 years old, you couldn't date an 18 year
old because they were all dating 22 year olds.
It's a circle of life.
It's a wheel of boning.
I could try to be really uppity right now, but man, I pretty much only dated freshmen
in college.
So that's my advice.
It's awesome.
Uh, you know, Nate, you are, you have got to get over the age thing.
You the, I swear to God, I'm a 59 years old and by the time you get to be my age, you
will never think about how old somebody is.
Like, okay, you're 22, you're hitting on 18 year old, gross, yucky, whatever.
You're 70 and you're married to a 66 year old.
Like really?
That's, that's nothing.
That's, it's, it's infinitesimal.
How about this, you're three, you're three and a half and you're hitting on sperm.
Whoa.
And that's, that's, that's the worst is it's a pregnant sperm.
So you got the stigma too from your parents.
You're dead and she's 88 and you're still dating.
Yeah.
Um, why, why don't you, I'm going to date someone your own age.
I guess it's not, it's not, what kind of strict rules does your campus have?
I'm so uncool now, apparently I do not know the things that are going on.
I think when you're fresh out of college, when you're fresh out of college or you're
near in the end of college, you don't want to date people in college anymore.
You want to date people who have already, you know, made it because that's who you want
to be.
When you date the kind of person that you want to be.
I would only want to date people in college so I could drink in their naivete like a sweet
elixir.
Oh God, they're so optimistic about the future and what it holds.
They're so happy not being in high school anymore.
That's me drinking in their positivity.
Yum.
Yum.
It's, it's delicious.
It tastes like sunshine, like liquid sunshine.
How about a Yahoo answers question?
Yes.
Do it.
This one was sent in by Cal.
The question is, oh man, it's so great.
I didn't read his name before.
It's from A1 Magician.
A1 Magician asks, appropriate to his name, in performing street magic, what is the best
way to open a conversation and starting a performance?
I really want to do some street magic to some bystanders.
He wants to do magic to people.
I'm glad he's established already that magic is in fact something you do to people.
I want to do some street magic to some bystanders, customers in a restaurant and et cetera, but
I could not seem to find the right words to open or engage in a conversation leading to
me performing magic.
I got, okay, here's, here's a few helpful suggestions from your friends at My Brother
and My Brother and Me.
Hey, do you guys want to see some magic?
Okay, that's-
Hey, who here likes magic?
That's a good one.
That's a pretty good one.
Are you, uh, are you stupid enough to be taken in by simple illusions?
Hey, you look gullible, check this shit out.
Hey, let me see your iPhone for a second.
Can I borrow a quarter?
Hey, I've been on-
I need to get on a bus.
I've been on my own for too long.
Here's what comes, here's what comes of that.
I don't think there is a good way to open a conversation for street magic.
The thing is street, that's why street magic is so intriguing, right?
Because theater magic, people have paid to come to see you.
They are doing viewership to your magic as opposed to the opposite.
You're doing your magic to them.
I am personally terrified of the idea that I could just be walking around in my day-to-day
and someone could just magic me like out of nowhere with no permission.
Hey, excuse me.
Can I stop you for a moment?
I want to do some magic.
No, I would like, I would prefer you not.
I am going to the mall.
No, just let me, just, just give me a moment to do some magic to you.
You're going to love it.
When I'm walking, when I'm walking down the busy bustling streets of Chicago, there are
two things that I'm on Vigilant Watch for.
And by Vigilant Watch, I mean, I keep them in my periphery, but I don't like look directly
at them because I don't want to engage them and is the homeless.
And of course, street magicians are people who I assume to be street magicians.
If there was a homeless person that came up to do street magic to me, I would, I would,
I would explode.
I would not know.
What if one bum rushed you and said, Hey, I bet you thought I was going to do some street
magic.
Well, you, you may already be psychic.
I should watch you do a trick and then street magic just like that.
Travis, you did some street magic, right?
You were, I remember you were into street magic and you had conversations about getting
into street magic.
Did I make that up?
I dabbled, I dabbled in Prestidigitation.
What is it?
What if, what if you didn't start it?
Maybe you had them ask you to do magic.
So, so let me hit you with this.
You stumble out of a theater and you have like a magician's costume on, but you're,
the elbows are kind of ratty and you're crying and just fall down the streets and sob.
And when someone asks you what's wrong, they say, they say my magic wasn't good enough.
They said, no one would want to want to see my old stupid tricks.
And then you get them to be like, uh, I'm sure that's not true.
And you'd be like, Oh fuck, it's on.
Let's get some magic, open your mouth.
I'm putting wonder in it.
Maybe not that so much.
Open your mouth.
I'm trying to put some wonder in you.
Oh God.
I did just come up with a really great street magic routine where you are the, the bum who's
like asking for money, but everything you asked for is, is part of the trick.
You're like, can I borrow a quarter?
And like, I don't have a quarter.
And like, Oh, then what's that behind your ear?
I think you're legitimately developing street magician routines now.
If there's ever been a sure sign that it's time to move on, I think this is it.
I can't, this is from Chris, uh, via Gmail says I can't seem to get my wife's attention.
We both work.
That's what I hear when someone uses an exclamation point.
We both work fast paced jobs, long hours and long commutes.
We're either going full speed or pass out from exhaustion.
We tend to buzz right by each other on most days.
My question is, how can I get her to slow down and start hanging out more?
I'd like to do something special.
So I figured I'd solicit some expert advice from you guys.
As a side note, Molly, my wife is a loyal listener, so she should be listening right
now.
Assuming you get to my question, maybe a plea directly to her would do the trick.
The NBNB AM wedding proposal was a home run.
Can you spray a little magic for us, Chris, Chris, magic to you, Chris, say, Hey, Molly,
can I do some magic to you?
And she'll be so intrigued.
I think that you've got her for at least 30 minutes.
What day is it today?
It's, it's Monday, right?
That's the day that the shows go up.
Yeah.
But you guys need to arrange a date night on this coming Thursday, 8 p.m.
You'll go out, you'll get a bite to eat at your favorite dining spot.
And then at 10 p.m., go see a film, go see the social network and sit in the back and
neck, just neck the whole time.
Don't even watch the movie.
Just neck.
Real noisy.
Well, then go see a bad movie then.
It's supposed to be terrible.
Go see Paul Bokmulkop, the show at the Dollar Theater.
You know, this is, this is tough because when, I mean, I'm married to a doctor, so she's,
she's kind of busy.
Always bragging.
Always bragging.
Always bragging about that.
I think you should, I don't see that she's not going to resent you asking her to slow
down and spend their time with you.
Like, do you know who does that?
Babies.
Like, literal babies.
And especially pregnant babies.
God, you want to hear a complainer.
Can't, can't speak, but you know she's bitching at you.
God, pregnant babies.
The thing to do, my suggestion at least, would, hey, maybe get a little more comfortable with
you time.
Oh, Chris time, eh?
Don't mind if I do.
Let me open up a can of Chris time where I drink the beverages I want to drink and watch
what I want to watch on TV.
But that's, I think set up a bear trap.
See, bear traps are cruel and unusual, but some sort of, um, uh, snare.
Some sort of snare.
Oh, a snare.
That hurt.
You know what I've always wanted?
One where you bend the tree over way far and then you leave it on the ground.
But that will kill, that will kill her, which.
Wait, no, no, it won't.
It'll just grab her up by her foot.
And I was like, not one of the ones that flings her across the yard.
Right.
That's the one that I was thinking of.
How about, um, a tiger pit?
This tiger pit, a tiger pit might be hard to pull off in your house.
Don't put the spikes.
Don't put the spikes in there though.
This is a family friendly mistake, but if you have a rug, a large conspicuous rug in
your house, just put a tiger pit down there.
Maybe you could clear like 30 minutes in your own schedule to think about the fact that
your wife makes time for us, but not you.
Well, that could be something you do in your spare time.
Maybe she, maybe she like listens to us on the commute.
Um, but, but this idea is worth looking into if she, if she does listen to us on a commute,
maybe you should do your own podcast.
Uh, but the podcast isn't you giving advice to people who desperately need it as much
as it is, um, you just talking about your wife, talking about how much you love your
wife, all the things that you do, uh, in the day that your wife doesn't know about, but
you know, should know about, um, and we can call it molly talk, molly talk.
If you need some tips, poor Chris, Chris, Chris riffs, Chris riffs, ludicrous.
I I've got nothing.
Saddest podcast ever.
Kind of a sad, kind of a bummer.
Hey hun, how's your day?
Um, I like, Hey hun, how's your day?
Can we change the name of our podcast to Hey hun, how's your day?
Uh, I am a girl living with a guy who I have been friends with for a while.
My other friends and I have always had a sneaking suspicion that he might be gay and I think
if he came out, he would be much happier.
Is there an easy way to have this talk?
Thanks.
Mom's pregnant.
Are you sure?
Are you sure he's 100% sure?
That's so important.
Is it possible you just really want him to be gay?
Hey, yeah.
Do you just want a gay friend?
I get it, but I, I think it would be easier for us to advise if we knew some more about
the dude.
Cause there is a lot of things that can be perceived to, to be, um, gay traits, uh, that,
that aren't aren't simply aren't, um, maybe he enjoys top chef, but Justin, you enjoy
top chef.
Um, are you, are you like, does he wear men's fashion scarves?
Oh, scarves.
That could go either way.
I see.
I wear scarves.
Hell.
Maybe he goes either way.
It's hard to say.
And that, that would be a whole different discussion.
I think if he wanted, if you wanted to talk about it, like I think he would probably discuss
it with you.
He would probably be more comfortable living with you if all the cards were on the table.
Um, which you can take one of two ways.
Either a, he doesn't want to talk about it or b, he's not gay.
I really don't know how you don't know this already.
Like how, cause if you don't know he's gay at this point, you've been living with him,
then he is not, at least not out of the closet gay.
Like wouldn't you think?
I think, I think coming out of the closet is such a big deal because this is, you can't
approach it like this.
I think it's such a big deal because nobody can do it but you.
And let me throw something out.
Like nobody can be like, Hey, it's cool.
It's time to come on out.
Come on out here.
We have candy.
Um, I'm going to throw out.
It's none of your business.
Um, well, I'm going to put a little bit nicer, a little bit nicer, since you're a listener
to our mind your own goddamn selfish bitch.
Why is it so important to you?
I think is, is another way of looking at it.
You like your relationship with him, right?
You don't want to put any undue stress on it, right?
Just let it go.
Maybe he's secret gay.
Maybe he's not.
Maybe it's that, maybe it's that, that mystery that keeps your relationship going.
Who knows?
Maybe he's been acting gay so he can secret look at you, look at you in the shower and
you never suspect it.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Blew your mind.
Just let him be.
Let it be him.
Like a beautiful, beautiful butterfly that may or may not be gay.
Also come on to him.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Sure fire.
Show him your boobs and then say, Hey, let's see that boner.
I want to see it, I want to see it, I want to see it, boner check, boner check, boner
test.
Quick.
Quick.
You failed.
You failed gay.
You don't want this gay.
You don't want this body.
This banging.
You must be gay if you don't like this.
Me.
I have.
Why don't you go fuck a guy?
You don't want this body.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
There is literally no thing that you can do in this situation that is not going to
be terrible.
Hey.
Sit on your hands.
Go to bed.
Either you.
You want these jugs or you want dudes.
The dudes on your face.
Make up your mind.
Do you want to kiss a man on the face or are you going to kiss these jugs right on him?
Say jugs as much as possible because there's nothing sexier than that.
Nothing sexier than that.
I would suggest calling his mom.
Hey, do you know your son's gay?
Judge from her reaction.
No.
All right.
In all seriousness, don't stir up this.
Don't be high.
Don't do anything.
Hook him out when he's ready.
Find some ways to say, like, right now, you know, there's a lot of issues that pertain
to the gay and lesbian community right now in the news.
Maybe find some way to express your support of the homosexual lifestyle so he feels comfortable
talking to you about it.
But otherwise, don't force it because it's not going to be good for your life.
If you really want him to be comfortable talking about it and if he is to come out to you,
then you need to drop it.
You need to not worry about it.
If he is out of the closet, he will tell you when he's ready.
And if he's not, it is not your place to convince him to come out of the closet.
Maybe maybe you are gay, too, and you want him to be gay so you can be in love together.
And if so, I would submit, you do not understand how these things work.
It does not work like you would think it did when you were four years old.
Trust me on this.
I want to hear Griffin's final question, but first a few quick housekeeping things.
Our website is my brother, my brother and me, it's mbmbam.com.
You can find out how to ask us questions on there.
We love all of your questions.
What we also love is when people on Twitter, you can follow us on Twitter, at mbmbam.
We also love to see people asking questions or saying quotes and using the mbmbam hashtag,
just putting the quotes out there, try to get people interested in the show.
We have t-shirts available.
We are going to try to get some new gear out, some new new merch soon.
Yeah, now is now is the time to start sounding off on whether or not you guys want more shirts
if you didn't get any.
I guess there's still some available, but if we did do more shirts, what would you like
to see?
We've gotten a bunch of people requesting some more Russo's artwork, which is all exceptional
and I would love to put on my body every day of the week.
That's the end game really for this podcast, is to create at least seven different shirts
featuring Justin Russo's artwork.
What you might have seen on Tosh.0.
What you may have seen on Tosh.0.
Just let us know on the Twitter what you guys would like to see or in the Facebook group,
which we have also.
Thanks to obviously to Mr. Dr. Muffin, thanks to people getting the word out, L-E-M-M-E-L-L-I-M-E-M
says he is going to get an M-B-M-B-A-M tattoo.
So if that happens-
Oh, don't do that.
No, do that.
Please, please, please, please don't do that.
What?
Definitely do that.
Do that.
I promise.
That's a two out of three vote.
Two to one.
We are going to get that tattoo.
We are going to get bored.
We are going to get bored with doing this in three weeks and it will never happen again.
People will be like, what's that random string of letters on your forearm mean?
And why is it so big?
Why is it so, so big?
Everyone can see it.
Now let me counterpoint with this.
Get it, pussy.
Thanks to Grifty176.
He wore his M-B-M-B-A-M t-shirt to the Spam Museum, which is magical.
And thank you to everybody who follows us and tells other people to listen.
Get a friend to listen this week.
Make him a CD.
That's your homework.
That's your homework.
Get one friend to listen.
And the same with the past couple of weeks, if you have an M-B-M-B-A-M listening party,
let us know and we'll record an intro for your first meeting so you can welcome everyone.
So just let us know what it's going to be, your email, that kind of thing.
Your first meeting gets a message, your 10th meeting gets a message, your 20th meeting
and so on.
And so on.
And your 100th meeting, you get a special podcast full length.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you do.
I think you can promise that.
Oh my god.
If you throw 100 parties.
That'll be like 30 years in the future.
Sure.
Yeah, like 150 years in the future.
But mad shout outs to John Nugent and Jeff Mondlach.
Still the only, now the only official M-B-M-B-A-M fan clubs, we might have another one at the,
I believe it's the Pierhead in Galway, Ireland.
Galway, Ireland.
Can you believe that?
I can't.
That's like a world away.
I refuse to believe that.
That's so crazy to me.
But thanks to James Scott for spreading the word there.
And so that's the show.
Subscribe on iTunes, review some iTunes.
Thank you so much for listening.
Yeah.
And you can follow us on Twitter.
It's just our names, Justin, Travis, Griffin, McElroy.
So Griffin, hit me.
This one was sent in by Cal.
It's a question that is by Yahoo Answers user Raven Face, who needs to know, absolutely
has to know, can a man knock out a gorilla using only hand-to-hand combat?
How am I supposed to break to this?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
If this has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad square on the lips.
You will never know me.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad square on the lips.
If this has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad square on the lips.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad square on the lips.
You will never know me.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
