The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your middle-est brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middle-est brother Travis Pip-Pip Cheerio McElroy, and I'm and I'm your sweet baby brother
Griffin McElroy his grown-up brother
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to me
Happy birthday to all of us
Justin and
Margaret Mitchell the author of Gone with the Wind
Happy birthday to us
Welcome to a birthday spectacular all the brothers have birthdays today. Well tomorrow
Statistically speaking all the brothers have birthdays all the brothers have birthdays
It's a very special birthday celebration. So you're getting all the presents and that is comedy and insight. Oh
Whoa, yeah
Parker Posey to
Posey's birthday
Posey
Congrats
Tara read and Tara
Okay
Everybody all the stars stars are shining tonight on
The sky because they're all here celebrating their November 8th birthdays now
I do want to say when the episode comes out. It will be November 7th. Yeah
What's your plan? Also the last time your guys birthday fell on an election day. It was a big stinker Rudy, wasn't it?
Hey, thanks for reminding me bud. I totally didn't remember that. Thank you
Just saying and it's for me to remember
Yeah that I had that election day is November 8th because I'm not thinking about that every second
Well, the only thing is you guys are like is the best day and I'm like it could you guys are in a panic spiral
Right now and I am too, but mine is no I'm just mad at you Griffin. Don't misread my body language
Mine's not attached to the birthday like my birthday is gonna be great. Jesus died dire
consequences
potentially
But that's that's fine. That's the great
I will receive the the greatest present for this birthday and Travis will likely receive it, too
and you know what Griffin you'll even
Get to get to open this one and that's that John Ossoff will get off my nuts
Uh
James Carville will retrain he'll take his talons out of my nuts. Yeah
Where I'm not gonna say who cuz I don't want people like telling me about them
But somebody who has reverend at the start of their name emails me nine times a day not an exaggeration
Fresh nice memes from the rev
Like I'm expecting to get like a hey man. Uh, what do you do it?
Can I borrow a game you've been playing? I'm bored as hell man fucking I am
Always getting texts and emails from James Carville asking to borrow my video games. He's like
Red Dead Redemption 2 and I'm like that game came out a long time ago
He's like you got it on Xbox 360 and it's like, why are you I don't even know
They came out on Xbox 360 I often worry madden 10 with me
I often worry that Elizabeth Warren is going to for some reason
Actually personally text me and tell me like she ran out of gas and needs my help
But it's just gonna pop up in my thing is the notification will just say hey Travis
It's me Elizabeth Warren and I'll ignore it and she'll be sitting there like where is he?
I I only had enough energy to text one person and Travis was the last person I texted asking for money
Where is he? You know, here's how I never considered
Do you think that people Elizabeth Warren texts in her day-to-day life?
Do you think she is frequently getting responses to her personal text messages? They're like fuck. Oh
Yeah, he stopped please unfollow stop to end unsubscribe
What this is your wife unsubscribe now, it's really James Carville and I really want to borrow your Xbox. I have eight cell phones
That's why I'd always come from a different number. That's what you would that's what you would say James
Subscribe. I'm standing right in front of you. I got tricked by one last week and the the opener of the text was
Tragic update deeply sad about Mark Kelly. It's like oh
Dog died and that one I did pop open. They got me on that one. Yeah
so that's
Please vote. I mean we got it. You know, we have we're gonna say that and you already did vote but like vote good
You know, I mean good do a good job. I guess the right way to write
Fuck who knows man, you know, this isn't political advice
You should vote for people that think the outcome of the election is valid. Yes. Yeah, that's a good start
That's a good start. That's not political vote
That's just like and listen visible. I'm gonna take a bowl political stand both of the people that aren't complete dipshits
Yeah, this is this is that's too much. That's two political arms. You're choosing between two dipshits less of a dipshit then
Anyway
Happy birthday. I'm sorry that it got a little bit away from the main topic. Anyways back to our birthday. Thank you
You're a balloon drop. Yeah, Travis and I are Travis. What are you?
33 39. Yep. Oh my god. Oh my god. Do you know what age?
I'm gonna turn guys 42 the nerds are gonna love this one
Griffey juniors baseball number I think 42. Yeah, so I that's the last that's the last like
Big one for 27 years. Yeah, and then you roll up into 60
I'm looking to see if that was Ken Griffey juniors
A jersey number cuz I'll be really impressed with myself. You could Travis our audience. You just say it is sure
Yeah, it was literally nobody knows or is going to fact-check that or knows how to fact-check that. Oh, it absolutely was not
Like he played for several different
Teams and it wasn't on any of them. Okay. Hey, never mind. Hey, hey, look over there
It's an advice show for the modern era. Let's bring that over here. Yes. Welcome. Welcome to our advice show
We're so happy to have you here for this birthday celebration
Celebration celebration. Mm-hmm. We're having a regatta for our birthday this year
We're calling it a birthday celebration guys here in Cap City. It's buzzing. There's ever what is it?
Cap City, this is what we call it here in capsaicin here in capsaicin. It's buzzing people are
buzzing about our birthday
About your birthday and about Election Day the schools here take two days off for Election Day for our birthday
For Travis's birthday is on Monday and Justin's birthday. They take Tuesday off. Yeah, we take turns. They take time to really observe it
I'm just want you all to know it's electric. It's electrifying. Is that what is the energy like they're electric and electrifying?
People are just out on the street always now and the parties go all night long. This is like our this is like our day
Do you know what I mean? Like are you guys allowed to vote? Have you thought about that?
Yes, but the ballot is like a Shoney's kids menu and it's like do you think chocolate milk is good and we say
We say yes, it is and they say do you want would it be cool to have people like in Congress for you?
And we're like, yes. Yes, that's really that would be very cool. And they're like, okay, but how many pancakes do you want?
And you know, I say three and it doesn't it then they take it and they say thank you
They gave me the sticker. They put the menu right in the garbage can. Oh
Do you at least get one of those lollipops where like the stick is a loop at the end?
I do get a safety pop, which is oh, that's nice. Yeah, cuz I you know, I can't be trusted to vote for
members of Congress
But I so I clearly can't be trusted to eat like a dum-dum a tootsie roll pop a charms blow pop
Cuz it's going right down the windpipe. Yeah, but and like you're running and you trip in that stick. Whoo boy
That's dangerous, but we're all having a ton of fun over here. It's a fucking party non-stop. Oh
Cool energy. I love it. And I love your questions. That's what we're gonna answer for you right now in this podcast
Which begins now, uh, I dog sit as a side hustle. I
I don't think you should announce that to the people who you are dog sitting before
Yeah, but I think you should just frame it differently. Anyway, a dog sit is a side hustle
I don't currently have my own dog and I'm not actively looking to adopt but I really love a few of my regular dog clients
I'm wondering if there's a chill way I could tell their people that if anything were ever happened to them
Yeah, go on I would look I
Would love to adopt them sort of like a dog godmother. Yep
It's not that there's something better we could do there
We're gonna circle back on the dog godmother cuz I'm not loving it or something there and there's some confusing pronoun stuff in there
Just to be clear what you're saying is I love the dogs and I want to let the people know that if anything happens to
The people I'll take the dogs. Okay
Okay, so is there a chill way to ask about that without it sounding like a tacit threat
Nice dog you got there would be a shame if something happened to you
in upstate New York
Listen
Listen when it's sad thing, but when pets owners die don't go on the Rainbow Road
Yeah, when they go, it's the Rainbow Ridge, isn't it?
Rainbow Road is in Mario humans do it. We go on the Rainbow Road
When they get hit by that blue shell on the Rainbow Road and you jump the fence on the first lap
And you land on the lower part of the Rainbow Road and just fucking skook your dumbass cousins
And you're like being Ted's awesome
That we do it is
Standard practice that the pets are buried with them with the owners
Yes
like a pharaoh like a pharaoh so they can protect us when
Charon tries to ferret us across the River Styx and we're like, I'm not I would rather actually
Actually hit the Rainbow Road right now. I would have way more fun with that than in your
Slow ass canoe death. Nice. Try. I'm that's why you you do need to challenge death to some Mario Kart when you get down
There to return or or you could do smash if that's your thing
But it's Mario Kart and smash are the only two games that he's got down there. Yeah on GameCube
So it's in a sad and it's sad, but you need when the hellbats come at you
You're gonna need that dog with you or kitty cat kitty cats. I'm not well
Kitty cats not gonna do much the weird the weird part of the conversation will not be the initial opening
It's a little macabre, but I think most people would be like, yeah, you know what if I die
you got my cat my dog, but
What is step two?
Mm-hmm, because there's a couple different ways it plays out
one is
Beth call her Beth
dies and then you show up at the funeral would be like
This is this may seem odd
But it is actually chill Beth said that if she died I can have the dog
So I'll go ahead and take that with me. No problem. That's how she won. I should too is the owner is like I
Guess I need to call
My lawyer. Yeah to put it in the will
That you have my dog. Is that not a normal thing cuz I have in my will no joke
Where my dogs go or something happens?
Yeah
I mean because mostly I knew it wasn't Justin or Griffin and I wanted to make that super clear. They're going to dad
Enjoy Carol, you're gonna love it one more on the pile baby more baby. That's four dogs total or something happened today
Oh, no, I can see out trust his window dad has showed up outside his house of the baseball bat
He's just protecting him with his life. He's buying Travis granola and grapes dad is bad at nutrition
But Travis, but you did that already, right
What I'm saying is great while I'm watching you. Could you please call your lawyer and tell them to draft a new will please?
Thank you. I don't know how to tell you this question. That's good. But this like if I if something happens to me
I'm leaving whatever to whoever is not normally a gig economy related, right?
like because
It could happen anytime
Not to me, of course
But to other people and so this idea of like it could happen five years from now you've moved
You like you went somewhere else and it's just like hey, I need you to find this person and give them my dog
Oh
you could probably do okay by like
Showing the dog how to get to your house. Oh, yeah, maybe if you could persuade the dog to incredible journey. Yes
Okay, you know you like just you the motion the wheels are already now
Hold on Justin Lee. It's been a while since I've seen the incredible journey homeward bound the incredible journey
But I don't believe it was well looks like it's time for me to move on
Let me check this napkin with a map on it. Damn the whole family beefed it, huh?
Dog walker, I really liked it. Think she's in Poughkeepsie. Do you guys know how to get there?
Can we start moseying along? I'll find it
Hey, remember me my whole family died. Can I stay with now? Okay. Oh fuck. Well, oh you got your own dog in the last eight
Years bummer. Okay, this this look, you know what? I'm getting out the step. This is weird
Sorry, we tried everything
We gave it the old college, but that one's just weird. I'm sorry. You can't do it. Can't do that one
Can't do that one. Can we do it? Can we go to the wizard though? Yeah, cuz yeah, it's not
really Halloween anymore, but if you wanted to have like a darkness a dark sort of I was gonna invite the wizard to
Thanksgiving no
No, he's still thinking a lot about
He's still thinking a lot about Halloween. There's a huge banner ad for
Kate Blanchett's tar on
My on my screen that I can't get rid of and it's like half the screen
When I do it here roof when I need to it here roof tiles or stop one of the wet bandits
I only reach for one brand and that's Kate Blanchett's
a
Lot of people said it was strange for me Kate Blanchett to it create my own line of tar
but when other tars on the
target
You don't know what's in my heart. You don't know what's in my heart. You don't know what's on my roof
I think is what I settled for but tar is my passion. It's the stickiest pitch imaginable
I can catch Cinderella on this thing
I've spent two decades perfecting Kate Blanchett's
Everything else has been funding for this moment my little secret. It's delicious
It's great on your roof great on toast enjoy
This is how to act evil a villain is usually the most fun character to play
But making that kind of evil truly scary and believable takes hard work
If you aren't sure how to act evil for your role
It helps to start from the outside and work inward once you have the perfect look for your evil character
You'll be able to focus on creating a sinister persona
Just I will I want to just create a little asterisk there and say
Evil character most fun to play little asterisk down the bottom except Deadpool because it looks like mr
Reynolds is having a blast with that character. Yeah
So it seems like it's a
villain except Deadpool at the bottom
So here's the first step and it is to choose the right clothing evil is
for the
For the photo on this one for a little doodle for a little illustration
They have a dude like pulling off a t-shirt
but it's not like
Really germane to what the question is about
and
I'm gonna I'll slack the image to you guys cuz it's it's like it's like that's what you guys went with is just like
Here wear dark clothing because that's the you know traditional clothing of a bad boy
But like then they sent this
He's
He's like cut and huh? Yeah
It's like choose the right clothing evil is typically associated with dark foreboding colors
So when you're playing a costume for a villainous character, that's the color palette that you should start with
Well this this drawing is like a photo they took too soon
It's like they started drawing it and the guy they were drawing wasn't ready
Yes, it's it's you could see okay
So you see a chest and then hands are pulling a shirt almost all the way off and the face
We're on it is a dark color. That's true. Yeah, it's probably putting on a dark color
What a bizarre time to draw this this guy. Yeah, and let's step out. Let's not this isn't
This is not how to do a costume. I think people who come to this article looking for help want to be
a real baddie and
So you've got to consider the genre of that you want to be when planning your costume you have to take the type
That of seeing you're working in so as the time period into account for example
While a villain in a Western and evil character in a futuristic sci-fi play might both wear black
The outfits will likely be very different
otherwise man
I wish there really was a futuristic sci-fi play all plays I go to is just like people singing about like their
Newspaper well going good dad just went and saw back in London, which is a pretty futuristic sci-fi play if you ask me
Oh, yeah, unless you know about something that I don't vis-a-vis
Like time travel. Well, no, it's just like that the time that he goes to in the future in that movie
We already did do that one. So like I would argue that's not so much future sci-fi
But if there was one where like spaceship was there and like they had like a Star Wars
Muse like play with like lightsabers and like Jedi babes and like all that. Oh, yeah cool shit
Um, well Griffin, I'm sorry that that's not actually futuristic because I don't know if you know
The Star Wars actually happened a long time ago
Okay, but you know what? I mean like
Historical fiction add sinister accessories
like a spiky
Eyepatch spiky collar spiky collar chain wallet chain wallet chain sinister, right? Yeah
Vans
Fucking jinko jeans
Yeah
some goggles
Jamiroquai hat jamiroquai style beliefs jamiroquai faith
All it really takes guys is a mustard seed of jamiroquai faith
That's how you walk on walls and on the ceiling you just have to believe
True go for sleek hair. There may be a variety of hairstyles that work
Well for your character a sleek slick back do is usually a traditional look for a evil character
Pomades work best when slicking back short hair clay base for a while generalization
Is it it is like maybe like a 60-40 split? I don't know. It's
I'm gonna cut ahead. Well do develop a menacing stare. That's the last
Yeah, avoid looking away. I'm blinking. It's hard, but if it was easy to be evil baddy then
Everyone do it if I could do that if I was capable that I'd probably be doing a lot better like socially
You know I mean like oh, yeah
That's my bat like I can't yeah if I could stare into people's eyes
For more than a second or two without having to then look away
I wouldn't need to be a evil guy
Yeah, I could be if I wasn't always always always staring at people's eyebrows. Yeah, I wouldn't have to look directly into their eyes
And they would see yeah it
Let's get fun the magic nature let's have audio fun though because this is sounding the part
Make your voice deeper while a specific character might call for a certain type of voice villains
Traditionally have deep throaty voice that makes them sound evil if you have a naturally deep voice you probably don't have to alter it much
However if your voice tends to be higher pitch try to give it a lower more menacing sound
That means you speak universally true like her deeper
Travis please do sorry. It's universally. This is also like Batman voice though. This is well
That means the Batman's evil to the Joker's of the world. That's a good point good. That's a good point Griffin
Hello, brothers, so let's do a practice
Whoa shit
Whoa that wasn't me. I don't know what that wasn't burp the alphabet. I'll get you next time gadget
That's my doctor why don't you you got to do more car seat that's right painful isn't it? Oh?
Yeah, I can do it for about three seconds. Yeah
It is literal vocal fry it fries the inside of my throat
Sure identify your chest register by saying the word
Whoa in as deep a voice as you can keep your hand on your chest as you speak to feel the vibrations repeat the exercise
Several times it may help to record yourself, so you can listen back to what your voice sounds like we're doing that
okay, I'll just you know like put your hand on your chest and just like
Yeah, go ahead juice
Hello, Dan on your chest and on chest and say whoa were you paying attention whoa?
Wow, that's really deep
Whoa whoa wow
That really works that really works
Holding it here. That's that's really low. That's really that's really low
It sounds this is some of our worst audio yet perfect a menacing laugh really good. That's so cool though
I didn't know I could do that. I'm glad you're having fun with your I'm glad your villain arc has begun
Justin doesn't well you have to be evil cuz your voice can do that wait until there's villains in the Avenger zone
Siebel chase you guys are gonna appreciate. Yeah, you're freak out. Hey, hey Justin. Please don't break that voice out. It's too scary
It's too scary. Can you all perfect a menacing laugh for me? Yeah?
No wait, but do it like you did
Low yeah, it's got to be low. It's hard to laugh low
I
Actually think the most evil thing you can do is to respond like in this way, that's funny. Oh, that's so funny
You're a really funny person. I didn't know you were a comedy guy
Emphasize why didn't they call family guy comedy guy if it's gonna be mostly Joe. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks juice
emphasize the right words when you're trying to act evil the way you speak your lines is almost as important as the lines themselves a
Villainous character should emphasize words that have a threatening connotation or mock the other characters for example if you tell another character
You may want to make sure you say
With a hard edge, so it sounds like you're really twisting the knife or we could hit it another way you're pathetic
I don't care what anyone don't say I'm not pathetic. You're you're the pathetic one
I didn't say you were pathetic. I know but I could see it in your eyes
Look at me like I was pathetic, but I'm not hey, man
Listen, I don't want to diagnose, but uh you won't talk about it
Yeah, what did you say?
Give layers to your anger a evil character likely carries a great deal of rate. I'm getting lightheaded from doing
You can't do every single health
Uncontrolled anger instead try to give shades to your characters evil rage according to the story for example in an early scene you may just
Glare at another character to convey your low-key anger however as you approach the climb. I want to hear me convey my low-key anger. Yeah sure
Gosh darn it Thor
Make sure you understand what the character is angry about in every scene. Oh hold on wait stop
I gotta stop you right there wiki how cuz you know how every time
Anyone plays any Batman villain it does like fuck them up like?
Yeah, yes, yes, Paul Dano still has to like sleep with all of the lights on yeah, and I surround his head
It's because he thought like it wasn't just like I'm I'm gonna pretend to be the Riddler
It was also like but why is the Riddler so angry, but then that seeps into Paul Dano, right?
And he's like I want to punish people with puzzles. Well. This is why if you're a screenwriter
I don't want to give you notes, but it helps to like write in just directly into the script in like
Parentheses like you're angry here, and then it's like I don't have to understand it. You just told me. That's great
I know exactly how to read in fact if you could just start screeners start every line with a parentheses of like angry angry
happy
Horny anyway, so I don't have to like
Internalize it in any way whatsoever. I would love that that would be great in my acting work
Enjoy the pain of others part of being truly evil satisfaction enjoy the pain of others enjoy the pain of others when you're trying to act
Evil it's important to show how much joy your character gets when other people suffer and convey that even when you don't have any lines
That spell it out. Oh now wiki house kind of given you
Permission carte blanche to eat up scenery in the back. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you don't need to make it always about you
Yeah, like yeah when in like this in sci-fi
Future in Jupiter ascending the stage musical when the dog man like breaks up with Jupiter, and she's like
You can't be in the background like
Like cuz then you'll get yelled at
That actually got me fired as a zombie extra in walking dead. I'm somebody who get hurt my zombie will go
You're like the zombies don't really laugh Travis if you could not and I'm like ah, but what is more?
And you and you shout it out like fuck him up a zombie Michael and they're like, that's not
The show works like well
I was just trying to deepen like the bond between the zombies and maybe we could have some scenes or just the zombies interacting
Like that's not really what we do and I'm like, maybe it's time to change you've been going 19 seasons
Go ahead juice. I will say just for the purposes of argument though
If you learn to derive joy from the pain of others
And you can still derive joy from the happiness of others. It sounds like a pretty nice life. You'd be you're pretty happy
Sounds like you've got a recipe for being happy all the time. I mean if everyone does it
Stinks, but one or two would have different
Yeah, I'm just saying like if there were more villains in movies and TV shows that just seemed happy all the time
Yeah, that's so bad because like Lex Luthor seems kind of annoying
shit Travis
Top community Q&A. I want to be evil, but I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. What can I do?
You can be evil in a broad sense seek world domination instead of hurting people individually
The best evil is insidious and seems good. For example in DC Comics Lex Luthor is not evil in his own mind
He's looking out for the good of humanity against the evil alien who has come from Krypton to enforce his vision of justice on our world
Yeah, he's not explicitly evil just xenophobic and racist. He's bad in a lot of ways
He doesn't murder banks
He's like in that top point one percent of wealth and he could be doing way more with his money
Instead he runs for president and hates illegal aliens
Find some humanity for the characters the last tip don't do that. That's weak shit
I hate that shit when it's like in Lord of the Rings when Sauron is like, you know, this is my puppy
He's like I'm just doing it for my daughter. It's like I don't man
I was really enjoying like I tell you you want me roof for now, right exactly that's your to her
Okay, man, cuz then it's like when Frodo cuts his fucking head off, right? That's I'm then am I supposed to feel?
Confused about that Samwise is like doing the like, you know, I'm crouching over you
So it looks like I'm farting on you and putting my butt on your face because we beat you
Yeah, I want to cheer for that wholeheartedly. I don't want to have a moment of like well
But like his daughter was kidnapped or whatever. Mr. Freeze is the perfect example
Yeah, you never ever ever see mr. Freeze like
Making a throne of ice living it up enjoying frozen foods like that's not him every time you see this other fucker
It's always like single crack in my globe frozen tears on the ground probably a rose. Yeah, I'm really sad
It's like such a bummer and I've written some poems. Oh, I wrote I wrote poems and he's like
He's like, but my wife died. It's like yeah, a lot of people's wives died
Yeah, as if your hair died because of your cold gun you made. Yeah. Yeah. Hey
Since we're on the subject of Batman organically. Thank you. Can we just take a second?
second to talk about Pennyworth
Because I kind of lost it a little bit today. Everyone knows that that there's a network called epics
Yeah EPIX that made a show called Pennyworth. Yeah, that is the
Subtitle if I'm not mistaken. No, no, don't say okay. Don't say it yet. Okay, because that subtitle is new
Newly introduced. I just want to say I don't know about this channel show or subtitle. Okay, this is so good
Pennyworth is a series about Alfred, right?
Batman's butler. It figured that out. Yeah, it is now in it
I thought this thing had been I thought it got a season and then everyone was like what happened an origin story for Alfred?
Today I see ads for they're on season 3 HBO Max exclusive
But in season 3 in season 3, there's a new subtitle and it is
The origin of Batman's butler
Now this is interesting for a couple of reasons one
Pennyworth is the rare show that's probably better the less, you know about it
Yeah, probably once you start thinking about they did a show about Batman's butler
It starts to feel kind of bad to watch but now the fact that they're like we got to get more people in
Maybe now we should reveal that this is actually a story about Batman's butler
Maybe the producers just got sick of answering the question like who? I know it's Batman's butler
I'm like, you know what? We're just gonna put it right there on the tin. Don't worry about it
So is it like he like learns how to
Like make tea and clean up clean up a mess. No, he I think he's maybe like a spy
Yeah, they've done a lot of retconning with Pennyworth
and Pennywise in the last couple years, which is like he's a fucking sniper
Deadly cool cool dude. I like I don't want to know if it's good if you watch it
I don't want to know I got lots of things. I'm watching don't defend it cuz I've never seen it
I'm not attacking it. I'm saying conceptually ruinous
I don't know how I kept going now that I've said it though
I would like an Alien vs. Predator Pennyworth be Pennywise if we could just work that out, even if it's just animated
I would love that my butler out for Pennywise. Yeah
God
Has Batman ever fought Pennywise two masters of fear?
I'm mono a clown Oh just going at it Batman spends a lot of time in the sewer. He's definitely encountered
Penny. Yeah, how much you want to bet Batman just like I can't I can't I can't I don't see that
Let's take a look at the power rankings one
Scarecrow is anyways, and he's kicked his ass before so and the other thing is that Pennywise got his ass beat by
I think like four dipshit kids. Yeah who then grew up to be
Kind of dipshit adults and they killed him again. So it's like and none of them were let me check spoilers
None of them were Batman. One of them was Bill Hader. So like, you know great love Bill Hader, but not Batman. Yeah
Okay, so Justin here has a oh, okay. This is helpful
Let's see, this is this is a Quora article juice you found it. Yeah, it's just called
How would the battle go between Pennywise Batman? There you go, and there is no further
clarification
Is just like what's up? Yeah, so and then there's just like they agree with me. They fucks up scarecrow
He's now people he is scarier than Pennywise to a lot of people
So it's like it let by the way, the article does in fact verbatim say here is Batman fucking up scarecrow
Yeah, but I would I would argue that there is a fundamental this article begins with answer one
But let me ask you something
It says in an answer tricky. Is there anything that the vigilante of Gotham the Dark Knight is scared of?
No, but yes, right like yeah, we routinely see Batman fucked up man
He's afraid of shit does do all core articles have so many fucking kick-ass
Bitchin pictures of Batman in them
Bitchin pictures of Batman in it guys. The first question asker has written how the fight would go
Yeah, if I may
Yes
Gotham's
Location Gotham City Pennywise confronted a homeless kid and said do you want a balloon little boy the boy?
Seeing Pennywise's wicked smile started to cry and run away
Pennywise then transformed into a bizarre monster laughed in a scary voice and chased the kid to a small and dark
It's written in past tense. Yeah, and it's written in between some of the most
Fucking radical bitchin bad bad-ass Batman pics
I'm a kid thought he would be done for until a shadow of bat suddenly appeared a bass-shaped logo showed on the dark clouds
He was standing there on the roof of a house the Dark Knight showed up
Penny raw to Pennywise started roaring angrily. He tried to attack the Cape Crusader, but Batman dodged it all
Yes, get a crazy clown then received some big sucker punches from Batman. Just like this monster, right?
There's some cool pictures of Batman beating the ass of some unknown beast killer croc
I would guess maybe killer croc
It's not Pennywise like I think logic would dictate by the transitive property if Batman could beat this monster's ass
Pennywise would be dirt in the ground. Yeah
Taking too much damages
Pennywise ground angrily why?
Why can't I sense your fear? Did you sound like Batman for Pennywise? I guess they do
I'm just trying to just do my villain voice. I'll take all of you
I'll feast on your flesh as I feed on your fear not stopping Batman to get some
Next picture Pennywise. Yeah, Pennywise turned into this mushy potato
And begged Batman to spare him
There's a picture of Pennywise as a mushy potato and then the next picture is Batman and over it in what I think maybe
Joker font it says what's wrong scared?
And then it says Batman said this in a cold voice so Griffin if you could again in a cold voice
Oh
Then he finished the clown oh
My god guys, yeah, there's a picture of Batman walking away from what an explosion an explosion that is
Right next to this in a box labeled related questions are
How would an encounter between the Joker and Pennywise play out? How would Batman defeat Pennywise?
What if the Joker met Pennywise who would win a fight Pennywise of the Joker who would win Pennywise parentheses it versus Deadpool?
What would happen if Superman met Pennywise not fought, but if Superman I guess ran into Pennywise at the supermarket
Yeah
I'll tell you who wins between Pennywise and Deadpool and that's me at the theater with my kids
Having the time of my life laughing
Loving learning Darth Vader versus Pennywise. That seems pretty straightforward as well. I don't know
This is fun. This is I wish we did a show that was just like fights. You know what I mean?
It'd be better. It would be better
It's just like people fighting. Yeah, sure tell him who's winning it. Hey, let's take a quick break
And then we'll come back with a lot more show
The party's just getting started right after this
Now listen, I know we're all pretty hyped up right now thinking about Batman beating the ass to this horrible clown
That scared my kids so fucking much and I would love it if this happened
But we need to bring it down a little bit because this is a ad for calm and I'm I'm not there
Like I'm not in the right headspace for it. So if we could work through it together
Maybe let's do a simple breathing exercise
Let's breathe in through our noses and hold it for about five seconds and exhale through the mouth
Yeah, try not to think about all the Pennywise's you saw while trick-or-treating and you weren't sure if any of them was the real Pennywise
Enjoying his time on the upside. Yeah, damn it Travis
We're partnering with calm the number one mental wellness app to give you the tools that improve the way you feel
Reduce stress and anxiety through guided meditations. Think about Batman protecting you so strong improve focus with curated music tracks
And rest and recharge with comms imaginative sleep stories for children and adults
there's even new daily movement sessions designed to relax your body and uplift your mind and
I
Enjoy calm. Sometimes I don't feel calm. I'm really fucking freaked out about the world and
And the sewer monsters don't do this here
Yeah, well, I'm just saying that calm can calm can fix that when you load the app listen
This is the background of the app. Listen
It's just like I'm camping with pop-up again
Nice. Yeah, don't you feel so chill? Yeah for listeners to the show
Calm is offering an exclusive offer 40% off a calm premium
Subscription at calm calm slash my brother. That's c a
l m dot c o
m
Slash my brother for 40% off unlimited access to calm's entire library
That's calm
calm
slash my brother
Oh no, it's the Bombas going off you want to get socks
You want to get undies? You want to get fucking?
Boy, oh boy
time to set off the Bombas
Man, I that's my new slogan that they refuse to even take my calls
About regarding Bombas now, this is explosively comfortable socks
underwear some some beautiful
t shirts
They got they got good stuff too. This is quality material. You want the Pima cotton? Yeah, no problem
Ultra-soft never itchy merino wool. Oh, I just stocked up on these guys
They got some holiday prints just stocked up on them because I did my you know how
You know how once a year you take all your short socks and put them in a big bag and then take out your jeans
Socks and put them in the drawer and then you do that every six months. I just got ready for my big switch as
We go into the cooler months of Bombas is right there helping me to restart my wardrobe for all my holy socks
Okay, good sprung for Bombas quality
Know what I mean?
I shouldn't have settled for second best give the good this holiday season with Bombas go to Bombas comm slash my brother and
Use code my brother for 20% off your first purchase. That's b o m
Bas comm slash my brother
Code my brother for 20% off bombas comm slash my brother code my brother
Hi, I'm Jackie cation
Hello, I'm Lori Kimerton
We do a podcast called the Jackie and Lori show and you could listen to it anytime you want it because there's
hundreds of episodes
Yeah, I mean we've been doing comedy forever and we should both quit. So why don't you listen?
Before we leave this not only terrible business, but this awful world and find out why we can't
Because we love it. So
Jackie and Lori show every week here on maximum fun
Hi, it's Jesse Thorne the founder of maximum fun
I am breaking into this programming to say thank you to max funds members your purchases in this year's post max
fun drive patch sale raised over
$50,000 for trans lifeline, maybe you already know about the good work that trans lifeline does if you don't
They're a trans run
Organization that offers direct emotional and financial support to trans people in crisis
If you want to learn more about the work trans lifeline does or support them further go to trans lifeline.org
Thanks for supporting maximum fun. Thanks for supporting trans lifeline and thanks for being awesome people
Who want to do good in the world?
Boys before we continue the rest of the episode, you know
We're talking we've hit on a big question here and I know an expert about this kind of thing that I want to
Read the question. No, no, this isn't this is a question
We discussed before the break and we're just gonna touch on that and then if we have other things to ask me well
But first, let me call Griffin Newman. Let me see. I didn't know you had a phone. I thought Justin was the only one with a phone. Hi, is this Griffin Newman?
Hi, yes. Yes. Hi. Who is it? Hi. It's a Travis McElroy your favorite brother from the my brother my brother me
Oh the my yeah. Yeah. No my number one in the ranking
I think of you as as the my brother the first my brother title Wow. I'm so glad. Oh, wait a second
Who's someone else on the line? Oh, yeah. Sorry. I had speaker speaker. Yeah, I believe Justin and Griffin in too. Sorry about that
Oh, um, basically we were discussing before the break
What would happen if Batman fought Pennywise and then become a much bigger question about the way the Joker met
Pennywise and scarecrow met Pennywise and then I started talking about Pennyworth Griffin
How much do you think about Pennyworth the fact you're talking about Pennyworth origins of Batman's butler? Yes
Yes, I look I think about it a fair amount I think about a fair amount
I think a thing that is under discussed with Pennyworth the origins of Batman's butler is that show existed for two full season?
Yes, yeah on a channel. No one watches just called Pennyworth. Yes, and then they decided for season three
We're gonna put it on HBO Max
Right treat it like this is new
Can I go like I guess the problem the reason people didn't like this is because the title lacked context
We were killing it in every other regard
Well, I know that that is the tradition that has been established with the epics to HBO max pipeline
That was a cleanest pipelines in America
I guess I guess I want to know as somebody who did a guest spot on a series that was
Pulled from HBO max so they didn't have to pay me residuals
How many me how many me's could you have paid by just not doing more?
Why not like leave infinity trade and then just not do anymore I
Refuse to believe anyone watches it refuse. I oh, of course
I was on every episode of vinyl the HBO series, which also has got
I I think I was on maybe nine out of ten
I believe I mean most of my I stood in the background and smoked a cigarette and they went sorry
We couldn't find anything for you in this one. Yeah, it was cool
That would be great. You weren't hired on this show. Why do you keep showing up? You're on nine out of ten
Maybe all vinyls. Yeah, and and it's it's one of those things
That was one of the first shows that got zazz laughed in this recent culling
Yeah of this show is not worth the money. It takes to print the residual checks for five pennies
You do the math on it and you're like, it's not that you're losing money by paying me residuals
You're basically saying it cost too much money to hire someone to calculate how many pennies you're paying me
And then the paper itself costs more they're calculating your penny worth basically. Yeah, oh my god this that was in
Fantastic. I actually did want to ask you about something griff while we got you on here, please. Yeah, let's and let's just for clarification
griff to so that
Yeah, yeah, well they don't call him to I'm not the first Griffin Newman
He's not Tuman so okay, you don't know you know what no for the sake of this episode Griffin if you're comfortable with this
How about your Griffin woman and I'm Griffin Tuman just so there's a kind of consistency. Yeah, I like that
Okay, and we should establish you're in disenchanted and that's like the whole reason disenchanted
Disney-plus original film premiering November 18th. I'm the voice of a talking chipmunk. That's good. That's good. That's good
Let's let's soak that in for a second. Yes tip. It's good. It's good that he's casting that I'm very I hear
There's a rumor according to IMDB. There's a rumor that I'll okay plays a scroll. Don't give me any dirt
I want to go in line. Okay, when I want to say Griffin when the movie was announced
I saw you tweeted a picture of Pip and you I believe captured it me
I did not originally assume that meant you had been casting that role
Yeah, you just like identified very closely with the energy of Pip the chipmunk
No, which I do I mean cuz it's a thought it was a photo from the first movie where he's standing in front of a plate
of
Pastrami at Katz's deli with his arms spread out. I want to know what happened to the last guy that played
Pip it's probably canceled. No, you know these days. Are you so hard the real?
I'll give you some dirt. It's not it's not very salacious. But in the first movie, so if for those who haven't said enchanted is
Like a fish out of water movie
Yeah
Amy Adams plays princess Giselle and she exists in a cartoon hand-drawn Disney fairy tale princess, you know
It's amazing
It's a great and she falls through a portal and ends up in real New York
And then the whole thing is here's what if a Disney princess had to exist in the real world in New York at the beginning
Of the movie in the hand-drawn sort of musical II section
She's got a bunch of little animal friends like Snow White just Sleeping Beauty her whole
Quarter of animal friends and Pip is her little chipmunk friend. Who's yeah, why it's cracking New York accent
How are you talking about here kind of thing? He's got like three or four lines. Are we talking to Pip now? Yes
Pip can join the call if
Pip is officially disconnected from the call
but so he only has like three or four lines and then the bit is that when he
Falls through the portal and goes into the real world. He is now bound to the the rules of the real world
He can't talk
Okay. Okay. So for most of the movie Pip is mute. There's a great voice actor
He squeaks. He squeaks. Okay, wait, so this is the thing
So the director of the first movie Kevin Lima did all the squeaking
And then a great voice over actor named Jeff Bennett did the voice for the couple of lines at the beginning of the movie
It's only at the beginning he did like Johnny Bravo
He's like one of the best voice actors in the world, but there was this weird thing
So it's streaming they can't afford him get Griffin. Yeah, yeah
I mean, I think you're jumping at the end of the story here. But yeah
Two guys have played Pip there wasn't a clear chain of command. There's a different director on this movie. It's been 15 years
I truly the way I got the part was I was asked as a favor to fill in at
the table read when they were hoping to find a famous person to do it and
Then they did sort of called me a week later and went like
What did you have it? Did you how did you psych yourself up with like Griffin if you nail this?
You're going home with this part. Did you did you walk yourself through that or is it just like just always putting it out?
They're 24-7. It doesn't matter. You only know how to bring your a game. That's all you have only buckets
Well, I try I try to I try to get buckets whenever I can it's a little a little we're being speaking honestly here
It was a little column a little column B, right? I
I I get this phone call from my friend who's the
producer on the movie and he was the producer on the tick as well and
He goes like you'd be doing me a really big favor if you could jump on this zoom and do this table read and basically
Said to me there. There's no job here
There's no job. That's what they want. They want they want to see if you'll still bring the buckets
That's the thing
It was sort of the test and it was like there's no job here
But you'd be on a zoom in front of Disney people and in front of Amy Adams and you know, maybe you know
Make a good impression for something else down. You didn't care about Dempsey just Adams like Dempsey. You'll be Dempsey Marsden Menzel
From the Oscar Nunez. Yes
So that was how it was maybe Alan Tudyk
I don't want to know you don't Tudyk wasn't was not yet, which was exciting when he came on later, but um, no spoilers
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I have no idea to do something. He might be a key grip. We don't know no idea
But so they they say that to me and my calculation in my head juice wasn't
Can I steal this part?
I truly the limits of my ability at the moment how far I would allow myself to imagine was if I fucking
nail this read
Maybe they let me be the guy who holds the puppet off-camera for reference. Oh
Yeah, truly the sky captain in the world of tomorrow. I was
Absolutely. I was like, well this character's animated if they hire a more famous person do the voice
They're not gonna want to be there on set. I can be the reference voice
And I'll hold the puppet and I could be you could be the co Bethany Olsen the third of the Olsen triplets
They only use for two shots from behind. Yeah, that was my whole that was my strategy and this is coming right right out of lockdown
I've just gotten vaccinated and I'm like the idea of anyone hiring me to be anywhere is exciting
so I don't need to be in this movie bring me on this set and
And then like yeah, like a week after the thing they called me and they just said like you're you're so cheap
This is so much easier. If we just hire they really say that Griffin to they didn't say that
They didn't say that but that was the underlying reality is we could save a lot of money that we can redistribute to the CGI
And if we just have you do it, it's yeah, it's hard because they they know like I as people who've been in films
It's hard knowing that you're in that position because we would do anything for free, right? Yes. Yes
So anytime we're not in a movie. Yeah, that's someone said that's another person who has voted like to spend money on
Nothing essentially, like I'd rather them not be in the movie for nothing
There's no they would detract every movie that was released without my presence in it
Me that the director thought my presence in it would detract from the it was you were not worth zero dollars
They made the decision to invest money
Into having someone who is better at acting and voice acting than any of the three of us
But Griffin, I would say statistically
Insurance Griffin woman there have been plenty of movies that have gone over budget in history, right?
Sure, those over budget movies went over budget instead of having Justin in them. And that's more offensive
It's almost more that they would rather lose money. Yeah
There's I don't want to ask you out something while we gotcha
Let's not do the question. We had picked out. I only want to hear Griffin Tuman's thoughts about a Pennywise view Batman
I mean, yeah, let's let's call an audible. Okay, ask you a question about pickles
That was gonna be really irreverent and fun and probably we had a good time with it
But I only want to know I only want to talk about Batman V. Pennywise the the incredibly
Important Supreme Court case that was foundational for the fate of our country. I mean be Pennywise Dawn of Justice. I
Um, it's interesting. I mean look, first of all, I appreciate you buffering
Give me me some time asking some disenchanted questions so I could really stew on this one
November 18th, did you say that November 18th Disney Plus original film streaming everywhere?
Yeah, it was it was hard for me to focus on any of that because I was really well
I know and I I was sort of talking but as I was in my head
I was just doing the math because I worry if I Travis the Travis
Yeah
If I had answered right away
I think my answer would have been rash and stupid and yeah, or we thought out and now I've really had some time to sit
on this
We all know that obviously the Joker is
Batman's greatest
Enemy, right? Yeah
Crime the conference of crime. I mean the things that make us cry make him laugh. Yeah
And and also I mean what the greatest character in American drama
I mean has now become our number one and funniest
Scariest the serious the most serious why so serious?
Yeah
But I think this is that thing with the Joker
There's that balance where you do feel like the guy is trying to entertain you
It's a thing I like about the Joker is that he has bits
Even when he's doing violent stuff or mean stuff or dare I say it illegal things. Whoa, right?
No, I mean, he's a he does crime guys. Yeah, he does crime under man's laws not gods
But but but he's he's bringing props, right? Got the fish with the lipstick
He's doing turns of phrase all that bang gun right the bank on and he's got a stick
He's got an outfit a persona. Yeah doing a whole thing blow up Maggie Gyllenhaal
Larry has funny funny. I think pennywise
Despite falling into this evil clown trope
Yeah, is pennywise ever intentionally trying to be funny?
That's interesting I hadn't even right about that angle and so I'm like I'm trying to do the math in my head and go would
Batman hate Pennywise more or less
Because Pennywise is kind of just straight chaos
Whereas Joker is putting on a show like Batman
It's interesting that you are weighing this in a conversation about who would be whose ass no
I think it's it it is interesting to think about like the sport of
Boxing. Yes is if the if one of the boxers hates the other one much much more
Then it will increase the ferocity of their
Batman doesn't have powers as we know, right? He's got the very rich
Which you know this it makes some very power in our broken society
But but then he also you know, he is driven by this this rage this sense of vengeance
So I'm like, yeah, that's the special move meter, right?
Right. I'm just saying I think there's something to the fact that not only is the Joker so twisted but the Joker annoys Batman
Like yes drive him crazy that fills up the special move meter
The the bits are also like, you know, they say that the the Joker is like all chaos, right?
Right. It seems like the Joker is working pretty hard pretty hard on this to do his bit
This is the one who's like I'm gonna just punch this gift. What if
Batman is so annoyed by the Joker is the Batman does find Joker funny and he's trying so hard to keep a straight face
Right, that's like his whole bit
Like you're canonically the the only time he ever ever busted up at the Joker he fucking kills him
Yeah, the only time he ever ever in history busts up at the Joker. He's like good one Joker. It made him
So fucking angry that the Joker made him laugh. Whereas like Pennywise. I wonder if it's just like well, this is a bad guy
So to a certain degree, it's a little more passionless
It's a little more routine whipping this guy's ass because Pennywise like, you know, it's just hanging out in a fucking sewer grate
Going like come here kid. Yeah, which is bad, which is bad, but he's not like juggling. He's not doing like
Committing real crimes. I see what you're saying, right? And he's also not leading with I'm pretending like I'm a normal clown
He's kind of upfront just creepy monster in the guise of decrepit clown, you know
Right, that's interesting. And I wonder if that pisses Batman off less and for that reason it's more just a routine ass-whooping
We are assuming yes
Yeah, that joke that Pennywise were he would appear today on the day that Batman lives
That he would be this clown, right? Because I feel like he would definitely come as a fortnight guy
Oh, you know like I think that he could manifest in any shape. Yeah
Uh, what I think I manifest is Steve from Minecraft or like a fortnight kind of guy
Interesting or like burger boss from for he'd pick one of the funny ones peel
Yeah, once it busts you up, man. Yeah dead
Right, I think if he does that Batman would beat the shit out of Deadpool Deadpool, right Batman crazy
I think if Pennywise is affecting a persona like that if he is coming in as like beef boss
Batman will get riled up. Yeah, if if he's just a creepy child abductor
I think Batman's hurts in it a little less, but does he still win though?
Well, here's the wrinkle I want to put in
Batman rarely goes up against truly supernatural. Yeah, right
Pennywise has moves
That maybe you're outside of Batman's wheelhouse. I mean clay face
Rajal ghoul clay face is science
Killer croc
Croc has a skin mutation. You leave him alone killer cross science. Mr. Freeze science regular just
Yeah, but he's not it take it away from the pit he's just like you or me
Exactly. Listen, if everybody's got pits when we get down to it metaphorically speaking, of course, of course
Do you think Batman ever encounters a villain who's just like a guy robbing a bank and he's like, what's your stick?
He's like, what do you mean? It's like what are you or your robbing man? No, I'm just my name's Doug and I'm robbing this thing
I don't I need money. I have no marketable skills
It's just like a regular crime. This isn't really a Batman thing. I'm gonna go
Why is everybody in Gotham robbing banks at night
That's a gentleman gentleman ghost is a Batman villain and I don't think you guys could okay convince me that that's not
Shade
That that is a good pull
I and I for the listener at home you did just spend a minute locking in on clearly an extensive Google search
Okay, I Google supernatural Batman villains the number one one is fucking Raj Al Ghul cuz he can do magic and is
immortal and shit
Gets away from Batman or yeah, sometimes via death
This is a good point. Raj Al Ghul is one of the slipperiest Batman foes Batman rarely gets the better of him
I think the super and gentlemen ghost it's like I don't I think I think it's a bad
Day for Batman when gentlemen ghost shows up. Oh, yeah, he's like I know what to do with this guy. I know his moves, right?
gentlemen ghosts slippery and I wonder even just like I don't think Pennywise is
Stronger than Batman, but I think if Pennywise starts doing that fucking dance
Batman just might be thrown off his axis. Yeah. Oh and by the way, we are I think all in our minds imagining bills guard guard
Yeah, of course
It I don't know that we are
imagining Tim Curry I'd not like, you know, obviously iconic Tim creep any wise like
Incredible not the physicality isn't there and it's so much for me
with curry you're saying Korean and
His is more of a cerebral tear. Yes
Guard. Yes, when Bill Skarsgard does he's like
And starts like, you know flossing and doing orange orange
We gotta start recording guys. Seriously, we're gonna run out of time
Griffin welcome to show Griffin Newman. Sorry, we don't more time to chat real quick
Got a rush on through November 18th disenchanted. Yes
Pip the chipmunk now talks the entire film through now or chipmunk
More chipmunk. Yeah. Yeah
I Jeff to ad-lib some I did. Yeah, I got a couple and don't you hate that like you guys had months to write this
Just do good job in the script the first time and I got the one the one I'm proud of
I think I got a sciatica joke in there
Any deez nuts
Come on to I
Tried. All right, maybe can you record? Oh, can you record a few as pip deez nuts jokes?
That then our fans can
Cut in and like uses tick-tocks that'll go like super viral if you just give us
Okay, so just I just want to contextualize this before I do for us
Yeah, yeah, and the count the context will be in it every time we play of course
You cannot you cannot divorce the context from this
So that just you know to the many Disney executives listening to this episode right now
Of course when I'm about to talk about deez nuts the nuts I'm speaking of are the nuts that pip the chipmunk
Burrows and stores and yes, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. You cannot interpret this any other way. No
Okay, ready, yeah
Hey guys want some both
You don't need any that's it we don't even that's actually perfect perfect Griffin Newman
Thank you, Disney Plus dis enchanted November 18th. Catch it fun for the whole family
Thanks to Griffin Newman for the
fantastic
Fantastic segment that we've already recorded and it is good. Yeah, definitely my favorite joke from it. I
Liked when Griffin Newman talked about which one of us was his favorite brother
No spoilers wait, you already heard it. You already heard it. So it's already spoiled
Thank you so much Griffin. Make sure you watch this enchanted on this the Disney Plus
Susie's live. I can't wait. I'm so I can't wait
Hey, we I don't think I've ever done this before
but
There are not going to be new episodes of our shows next week. We are taking our first ever
Staff retreat. I know you might think you got when you guys go into fucking Kennywood
The three you guys go into Kennywood you have to take a whole week off for that
No, we're not us and all the people that we work with making the shows that you enjoy
We live all over this dang globe and mostly the country
and we don't get a chance to like see each other and have big talks about life and God and stuff and
The future of podcasting and stuff and so after our tour, which we're going to tell you about also here in just a moment
We we're going to have no new content for the week of November 14th, and we'll be back with new episodes starting November 21st
And so we hope you'll get you know, don't get it twisted
We take weeks off all the time. Sure, but the people who work with us. This is a
Everyone taking a week off because that way they don't have to do the the work either. Yes
So yeah, we'll be back with new episodes starting November 21st
And oh, here's another I who wants to do this next one is it babe? I do I'm very excited
Once again candle nights coming up. We're in that candle night season. It's gonna be virtual again. So everyone can see it
And it's going to be December 17th 9 p.m. Eastern Time tickets on sale now at bitch.ly
candle nights
2022 just a reminder all proceeds from candle lights go to Harmony House in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia
Helping people who are experiencing homelessness and all kinds of other services
So bitch ly slash candle nights 2022 to zero to two. It's gonna be
Absolutely fun. I can't wait
You're gonna love it. We're gonna love it. Everyone's gonna love it
Speaking of things that are awesome and great
We have lots of new merch over there shrimp ornament
Bureau of balance metal ornament and a candle nights ornament that's designed by Bree Paulson
The proceeds of which also go to Harmony House and 10% of all merch proceeds this month go to natives
Which promotes indigenous foodways education and facilitates indigenous food access all of that and more at McElroy merch calm
Hey also, we're going on tour this week. We're going to be doing my bim bam in
Cincinnati Detroit and in Washington DC and then we're gonna be doing Taz in Washington DC here
Let's talk openers, too. Let's talk openers. We're gonna have saw bones opening at all the movement bames
But then bames we're gonna have shmanners up in Cincinnati. We're gonna have wonderful here in Washington DC
Before before my bim bam, it's gonna be a hoot Taz is going to be dad lands to featuring returning
DM Brennan Lee Mulligan. I
Cannot wait for that. It's it's gonna be a blast go get some I had I do have to wait
And hey, we also have rescheduled the San Jose and Denver shows that we postponed
We're gonna be in San Jose doing Taz with a Bria Iyengar on April 27th
We're gonna be in San Jose doing the bim bam on April 28th
And then April 29th, we're gonna be doing a bim bam in Denver if you have tickets already for those shows
They will be honored for the new dates
If you can't attend you can request a refund at the point of purchase and if you don't have tickets
But you want to go now that we have new dates tickets are on sale now for all those shows mask and proof of full
vaccination or a negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is
Required go to macro dot family. You'll be able to find links to all of our tours and stuff
And finally, don't forget to pre-order the adventure zone 11th hour the adventure zone comic.com
Pre-order it now comes out February 21st next year. So don't please don't wait. It helps us a lot. Thanks. Thank you
Take us home Griffin take us home Griffin one last big. I actually think I did a lot this episode
I'll do it. Yeah, I'll do it
That place in the beach where there's only one set of footprints. That's you my man. Fuck sand. You're bigger than it
You don't have to be afraid of saying it anymore
Stomp on that sand, baby
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother. My brother made kiss your dad square on the lips
You
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
