The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Let me check my notes real quick. Oh,
yep. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. You say that, you do that a lot these days.
Well, I have to write a lot of stuff down.
I'm just curious why you keep forgetting your name or even why you have-
I've got a lot going on, Griffin.
So much that you forget your own name and you need to refer to notes to look at it?
I don't have to explain myself to you. You're not my boss.
Check this out. I'm sure I'm Griffin. Positive.
I wanted to do one of our great watch segments, you know, where we talk about
the latest and greatest in cinema entertainment. So I just loaded up
Marquee Cinemas over in Huntington over at the Pullman Square Plaza.
Okay.
16 screens of pleasure there.
Oh, wow.
I was just going to run down-
Hey, just real quick, Justin. 16 screens of pleasure doesn't sound great.
No, it sounds like they're showing a lot of smut.
Well, let's take a look because I thought this would be a good way of figuring out what to do
a watch on.
Okay.
Because like, if you think about it, it's weird because there's- there ain't movies.
No.
You know what I mean?
No.
I mean, there's no movies, but they are opening up the theaters to show-
I mean, there's no movies. Here's the great news.
Movies gave us Scoob, and they're like, that's going to tide them over for a while.
Yep.
First type Trolls World Tour.
Gotta get it.
That's- I mean, got it.
Got it.
That was the last movie. We were in the last movie, which seems huge.
Bloodshot. Great. Love Vin.
Invisible Man and Sonic the Hedgehog.
Now those-
Hold on tight.
Those I know I've seen at my house. Those have been at my house for a little bit.
Gripping tight.
As well as Fantasy Island.
Gripping tight to the edge. Not letting go.
So this is what- then they're like, well, man, we got a lot of screens.
Dang, I wish we hadn't put up those many screens.
Maybe Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is going to play three times.
Thrice.
And once you finish that screening, you can go check out Jurassic Park.
The original Jurassic Park.
Those dinos are back.
You thought they were extinct, but they're back.
Listen, here's the thing.
That is simultaneously ridiculous, but also there's a part of me that's like,
ooh, back on the big screen, huh?
Well, do you feel that way about this?
Maybe you'll go, Travis, and you'll have the time of your life,
which is deliciously appropriate because we're going to head on over
and check out Dirty Dancing at 530.
Oh, wow.
Really make a day of it and enjoy.
Let me risk my health, life, and lung capacity
to catch a big, big, big performance of Dirty Dancing.
Sounds cool.
Just to clarify, Justin, are they charging money for this?
Yeah, just the regular prices.
Griffin, you may risk your life and limb, but you will never say die
because at 820, we're going to go over and see a screening of The Goonies.
The Goonies, let's make it a double feature of adventure
with Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark
showing six times today.
You will have six opportunities to see Indiana Jones
and the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Now, Justin, I'm now looking at the website, too,
and I see on one of the screens they're showing
that black and white silent movie
where the train came out the screen and everyone dove out of the way.
You ain't that fucking far off, Trav,
because the last movie showing is The Wizard of Oz.
Wow.
Yeah, if you've just been 80 years too late on this one, on this 1939 flick,
you can finally check out The Lion and the Scarecrow
and all of their great adventures.
Metal Man.
You can have three chances to see Wizard of Oz.
I mean, I guess we could do Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets watch.
It feels bad.
It feels bad.
This is a national chain.
There is going to be someone who is like,
well, I got the COVID.
Dang it.
I got the COVID.
And someone's like, how did you get the COVID?
It's like, well, I just wanted to enjoy all two hours
and 41 minutes of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
on the big screen as it was intended.
You know, I've never gotten into Harry Potter before.
Never been a fan.
But now it feels like the best time to do it.
And you forced both your grandpas and grandmas to go to it with you.
Fuck you.
It's got Kenneth Branagh.
You don't know.
They need this.
I'm taking Meemaw and Peppa to see The Goonies.
They didn't even start.
They didn't even show Sorcerer's Stone.
They were like, oh, you know what?
People are just going to start right here.
We'll start them at two.
The one with Kenneth fucking Branagh in it.
Travis, there's a global pandemic.
No one's going to sit through the first Harry Potter movie.
You got to skip to two.
This is an advice show where we try to help you.
Here's my advice.
Don't go to the fucking movies.
No, you know what you should do instead?
You absolute maniacs.
You know what you should do instead?
What, Travis?
Get my brother and me on streaming or on iTunes or wherever you want.
Well, that.
Watch that TV show.
Also, I was about to give my brothers a quiz,
so you could just play along at home.
Oh, my God.
This is heartbreaking.
You guys, because you can play along at home
in the safety of your own home.
Travis, stop.
It's the way he does it now, Juice, where he's like, oh, shucks.
Yeah, it's like you can tell he's not actually cranking it,
but he would if he fucking could.
Do you want to hear something monstrous?
Travis is the one that finds the questions
and sends them to me to ask, and he hasn't done it.
So I have no recourse.
I have him sitting right here.
I'll send him to you.
I have nothing.
I have no recourse.
But first, I thought maybe we could play along at home.
No, we don't.
Just do it.
Just start.
Yeah, you keep saying it,
but it's just making that bit longer every time you say it.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong.
Do you guys like video games?
I do.
He just got me there.
He got me dead to rights.
I love me a video game.
You like video games?
I picked some video games questions
because I know in the past they've been a little too tough
and I wanted to give you guys a chance.
Now I'm worried.
I will say that as I did this,
both of you are video games aficionados,
and there's a part of me that's worried
that you'll know all the answers,
but I thought it would still be fun for those at home.
Probably not.
Let's try it, though.
And let's just make a new Google promise.
I always make a new Google promise.
Travis, please talk as fast as you possibly can.
Justin, same to you, because I'll be doing the same.
Okay, well, I'm killing time now
so I can send the questions to Justin
because I forgot to do that.
But here we go.
So, let's see.
Who wants to go first?
Who wants the first question?
It doesn't matter.
Okay, Justin.
Before settling on the name Sonic,
what was the name proposed by Sega
for this iconic blue hedgehog?
He was originally called Mr. Needlemouse.
That is correct.
Thank you.
How the fuck do you know that?
I read a book, Console Wars, if you ever read that one.
Okay, fine.
Where they talk about the design.
He originally was also much more radical
and had a lot of toot.
Yeah.
And he wasn't inherently fast.
It was his sneakers that were fast.
He had no inherent superpowers.
Who cares?
Needlemouse is,
if you literally translate the Japanese word for hedgehog,
that's what it is, Needlemouse.
Now, Griffin, this is a more recent game.
Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot.
Well, hold on, hold on.
Okay.
I could ask you a Crash Bandicoot question, but I won't.
How'd you say that?
What?
Well, do you know what Crash Bandicoot
was originally meant to be?
Say the second word in his name.
Crash Bandicoot.
I'm pretty sure you were saying Bandicoot, which-
Bandicoot.
Okay.
See, he's doing it.
He's doing it intentionally now.
Assassin's Creed was originally set to be part
of what video game franchise?
He's got this.
It's not funny or good.
I don't know.
Prince of Persia.
Yeah, Prince of Persia.
It was originally going to be
Prince of Persia Assassin's.
This is the worst one yet, guys.
That is an interesting fact.
Very interesting.
You didn't know it.
Interesting gamer facts.
Justin.
We're talking about fucking, no, we're talking about
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
and giving out gamer facts.
How far are we into the episode?
Scrap it.
Justin.
Scrap it.
Yeah.
In transferring Super Mario Kart-
This is the best of episode week.
I'm going to pull some of the best episodes
from episode 200 to 250 and you guys do 250 to 300.
We'll pull some funny fucking clips
and we'll put up a-
In transferring Super Mario Kart to Western markets,
what censorship was done on Princess Peach and Bowser?
They removed, they made Bowser's dick smaller.
Well, they did do that,
but also the answer I was looking for
is they removed champagne from their victory celebrations.
Oh, okay, and the dick thing.
And the dick thing.
Griffin.
Huge scaly hog.
Griffin.
Big fucking Koopa balls.
The entire game of The Legend of Zelda,
A Link to the Past, takes up how much memory?
I'm going to say 16 megabytes.
What?
Less than one megabyte.
Wow.
Cool.
Wow.
Justin.
Fuck yeah.
The UK versions of-
Fucking cool.
Fucking cool.
Fucking radical, baby.
Justin.
The UK versions-
Fucking gamers rise up and eat these fucking facts.
Fucking E3's not dead.
Gamers, it's right here in the fucking studio, baby.
This sucks shit.
The UK versions of FIFA 2001 and Gran Turismo 2
shipped with what peculiar feature?
Wings on both.
There's wings on the cars, wings on the players, lots of wings.
They had scratch and sniff discs.
If you scratched FIFA's disc, you could, quote, smell the pitch.
The stink of the pitch.
And rubbing Gran Turismo's 2 disc would deliver an authentic pit stop smell.
I wish you could scratch and sniff this episode of Mabim Bam
and it would smell like a dead body.
Because it sucks and reeks.
This question is for both of you.
For both of us, Griff.
In a guerrilla style marketing campaign-
Killzone.
Spoof prostitute-style cards were placed in phone boxes around Soho in London
to advertise the original Crash Bandicoot.
What did they read?
Randy the Dandy, Randy Coot.
Not too far off.
They read, quote, new in town, young Randy Bandicoot.
That was fucking close.
And then it had a phone number you could call
and a picture of Crash in his underpants.
I think you should get a half point for that.
Yeah, I'll give Griffin a half point for that.
Okay, what's the final score, Travis?
Justin wins.
Yay!
When I was in my junior year of high school-
Oh, we can celebrate longer.
Hold on, I don't feel like we really celebrated as long as we could.
When I was in my junior year of high school,
I went on a camping trip with some of my class.
On one of the nights, I woke up having to pee
more than I've ever had to piss ever.
I mean, breaking of the Hoover Dam piss.
Okay, we know how much piss is.
God, you have to pee.
I tried to wake a friend up-
No, stop, we're gonna tear this up.
If you had to piss the breaking of the Hoover Dam,
your body would be torn apart by the internal pressure.
So don't say shit unless it's real.
This is my favorite thing about starting an episode
with Play Along at Home, is Griffin gets real feisty.
Yeah, real worked up.
For everyone else's questions.
We actually cut out Play Along at Home,
but we just harnessed Griffin's energy
for the rest of the episode.
You cut it out?
I tried to wake a friend up, but she didn't get up.
So I barely made it to a teacher's tent
when the moment she answered me, the dams broke.
I pissed my pants in the middle of the woods
and everyone knew about it.
Literally everyone.
That being said, it's currently three eventful years later
and I'm talking about recently the best friend
and he told me he forgot about it.
No, he didn't.
Nope, he didn't.
So my question is, how do I ask people
if they remember this without reminding them
of the terrible accident?
I think about this every single day
and that's Pee Pee McGee.
Remember when you shit your pants during Papa's funeral?
Nah, man, I forgot.
That's funny, I forgot about when you shit your pants
at my Papa's funeral.
That's weird.
Yeah, it did happen, didn't it?
No one would forget.
The things I remember in my life
with perfect clarity and will until the day
I pass off this mortal coil.
One, every time I've seen someone pee their pants.
Two, every time I've seen someone fall down
and I mean really fall down.
Really get a good fall going.
Even saying it,
you're thinking about a treasured memory you have
of watching someone absolutely pee fit.
Dude, I saw a serious bonk one time
that I just think about all the fucking time.
It's hard trying to do comedy, a comedy podcast,
and realizing you're never gonna do anything as funny
as just seeing someone fall.
Really eat the cheddar.
Not get hurt, not get hurt.
Not get hurt.
A little hurt, but not like they break something
or like they get up right away,
but maybe they were running too fast with a backpack on
and they don't calibrate.
It needs to be bad enough that they,
for a second, aren't a person.
Do you know what I'm saying?
For a second, they're just like,
oh, did you plan that?
That was cartoonish.
I was like, no, I didn't plan it.
I'm bleeding.
I was running down a short grassy slope
outside of a Waffle House on my way to King's Island once
and my feet just, whoop,
and I landed ass first on a metal grate
and had to go to the emergency room
because I couldn't move
and I didn't get to go to King's Island,
but I do, like I know my friends were worried about me,
but I do hope while they were enjoying
the King's Island rides and stuff,
they thought about the truly spectacular spill that I took
and hopefully will never forget about it.
And that's a sacrifice I'll make for my friends.
One time I was coming home from Sidney's parents' house
and I brought my Xbox, original Xbox,
original ass Xbox over there.
And then I was going up the stairs to walk into the house
and I tripped on the stairs and sent the Xbox flying
and also hit my knee so bad
that blood started coming out of it
and I live in perpetual sadness
that I could not see that amazing sight.
You know what I mean?
Like if I could ever astral project
just to see that one moment
because I think I would,
I'm sure Sidney treasures it.
She denies it, but I would love,
I would just love to have that captured
in America's Funniest Home Memories
up there in the bank.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah, buddy.
Did you make any kind of like audible vocal noise?
Yeah, how many do you think you did?
Like, whoa!
Were you like, Master Chief, no!
My bandicoot!
Nah, not on the Xbox.
It's a funny word.
Come on, maybe Blink's the time sweeper.
Yeah, that's what you tend to do.
I've never fallen down.
Ever, yeah, that's true.
I don't know.
I've never seen Travis fall down.
Let me just put this out there
and let people-
What if we've been like,
why do we fall down, Master Bruce?
And he's like, I never fucking fell down.
I'm unfallable, dude.
You tell me.
You old bastard, why you fall down?
Why do you fall down?
No, I was saying, Master Bruce,
no, why do you fall down?
I gave you a,
I had to give you a portable basketball
for when you fell down in the kitchen.
I had to go down for fighting the Joker
to come help you back up.
Do you fall down so many times, Alfred?
I'm bad at it.
If I fall down, I just put my arms out
and boom, I'm out.
You know what I mean?
Do you know how bad it is?
I gave the penguin my home address
so if I'm ever out of town,
he can come help you stand back up, Alfred,
because you fall all the time and I hate it.
I'm gonna put this mantra out there
and whoever needs it, use it.
So you pissed your pants.
Yeah.
So what?
So what?
You make a mess in someone's car,
you clean it up.
That's like worst case scenario.
So you piss your pants.
It's just water?
That is one thing that I'll never forget
is when our friend Justin
drunkenly had a very large-
I'm your brother.
No, not my brother.
Let's have like an extra large 7-Up
from McDonald's in the back of Griffin's car
and dropped it,
spilling the entirety of it
and just said, I made a nut-o.
Yeah, that sucked, man.
That was a-
I do think about that.
But we have a good time talking about that.
No, we didn't.
There was a fucking half inch of standing Sprite
in the backseat of my fucking car.
It was terrible.
There is a certain-
I've learned this since I've had kids.
I've had a lot more time to think about this
and a lot more opportunity.
There's a certain drink size
where if it spills in your car,
it's kind of unfathomable.
Like there's a certain drink size where
if that's-
I think there's something like,
if that spills, that's it for me.
That's the car.
That's no-
Yeah, no, I don't have this car anymore.
It belongs to the Mr. Misty Slush at this point.
Hey, can I do a Yahoo that was sent in?
Can we help this person?
Yeah, don't worry about it.
It's not a big deal.
So you pissed your pants.
So you pissed your pants.
Hey, I have a Yahoo here.
And this one was sent in-
You do?
Okay.
Oh my goodness.
All right.
This one was sent in by a bunch of people.
It was sent in by Adrian Cowles first.
Thank you, Adrian.
It's Yahoo Answers user iam,
which is like ian, but with an m.
Who asks-
Or like Liam, but without an l.
Or like Liam without an l.
Or like Chris without the Chris and plus iam.
Yeah, sure.
So anyway, he says,
why are old books so boring?
Thank you.
Books from several centuries back
are objectively less entertaining
and fun to read than modern books.
I would think that few people would consider
Shakespeare actually interesting
if they thought he wrote his plays 10 years ago.
Why is that?
Were people simply bad at writing in the past
the way we were bad at medicine?
Did people not care to make their books enjoyable?
Is there a rational explanation for it?
A update two days ago.
Shakespeare is a bad example of what I am trying to ask.
Think of Dickens or Russian classics.
So they definitely like walked it back just a little bit.
Okay, I'll relit on Shakespeare.
Okay, all right.
Here's the thing.
Shakespeare's got some murder, stabbing,
all kinds of witchcraft, dope shit, sex,
jugs, dingle dangles,
all kinds of fucking dope shit.
But Dickens, snalore.
I do feel like they walked it back too soon
because the point of if Shakespeare
was like publishing these works 10 years ago,
I do think there'd be people like,
what is this shit?
I don't fucking understand this at all.
I was reading Dostoevsky and my nuts fell asleep
because of how I was sitting.
I was so fucking bored reading this dumb book.
Now Dickens is a bad example too though
because there's ghosts and there's an old lady
in a wedding dress with some old ass cake sitting around.
Orphans!
There's orphans.
That's interesting.
I think there's a guillotine.
That's so cool.
Crime orphans?
Come on, that's cool though.
I mean, if you can make a movie with singing dogs
with songs by Billy Joel in it based on the work,
I don't think you can be like, that dude's boring.
All right, we've had a lot of fun taking the piss.
Out of this Yahoo Answers user.
But I can mention Dostoevsky in here
and say that name because I think it makes me sound smart.
Have I read Crime and Punishment?
Fuck no, it's boring.
Have I read Animorphs?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yup.
I've read a lot of Animorphs.
I just wanna, can I applaud you for twice saying that name
with the confidence that you're pronouncing it correctly
in a way that I simply could not.
Yeah.
I bought the Brothers Karamazov by Dostoevsky.
Nice.
And my wife and I were gonna read it together
as part of this thing.
This is even before I have kids, so no excuse.
We're gonna read it as part of this book club,
online book club deal.
Nerd.
And we met, we bought two exact same copies
and we both made it like exactly 40 pages in
and then promptly put it back up on the shelf
and they sit next to each other.
And it's worse because it's twice,
it's twice the book.
It's the twin Brothers Karamazov.
It can't just, because there's two,
they can't just fade into memory
because every time I look at the books,
there's two of these fuckers next to each other
and I had to take that walk back or I'm like,
fucking, what was I thinking?
40 pages.
And to this day, some 15 years later,
Sydney and I'll be looking at books
and I'll still be like, we gotta get back to Brothers Karamazov.
You remember where we were when we left off, right?
What was happening?
I still, there is like a couple of points that are raised.
I'll say, I'll give an example.
One of the characters in Brothers Karamazov says,
the more that I love humanity generally,
the more that I find that I cannot stand individual people.
That's fucking so dope and fresh.
And it's powerful.
It stood out in my mind.
That's in the first 40 pages.
I don't know what incredible power,
what life-changing nuggets beyond that lie before me.
I couldn't do it, so many nicknames.
No one has read, I would pause it.
The thicker the book,
the less chance there is that anyone has read it to completion.
And the thing is that they keep selling
so that people will, like yourself, put them on shelves.
I've been in a lot of Zoom calls lately
where I've seen a lot of bookshelves in the background
and there's a lot of unbroken spines in there
with big fancy names on them.
I mean, no one has actually read Dostoevsky to completion
because reading that fucking dude's books
makes my nuts fall asleep.
But I couldn't even finish.
If you know what I mean,
now you know who gets me every time,
he's K.A. Applegate.
I'll tell you what I remember,
Tobias turned into a fucking hawk too long.
Yeah dude, that's cultural touchstone.
Thank you.
So I've read a lot of them.
You know what I love?
R. L. Stein.
Yes.
He's got the puppets,
the puppets talk can come alive in the spooky.
I saw the movie Count of Monte Cristo
with Jim Cavieviso and I thought,
what a cool, this is a cool thing.
I need to read this book.
I started reading the book
and I got about 100 pages in and I was like,
wait a minute, this isn't the Dante that I know.
This isn't, what is happening?
This is boring.
This book is quite different from the movie
that I enjoyed so much.
Now here's the thing, I will tell you,
I finished it.
I read that book and I am impressed with myself
and you should be too.
But it is, in many ways,
way more boring than the Jim Cavieviso movie.
Sure.
And way longer.
I did the Jim Cavieviso movie in like an hour 50.
Cranked it up.
The book, that was like six months of reading.
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Okay, I'll give you an example, okay?
Leather Stocking Tales, right?
James Fenimore Cooper's Leather Stocking Tales.
You got Deer Slayer Last Mohican.
Sounds sexy.
Yeah, the other ones, right?
You try to read that, it's unthinkable.
It's unthinkable.
It's so terrible.
I'll give you an example, okay?
Leather Stocking Tales is about Natty Bumppo,
which rules, I'll give him that.
Natty Bumppo is fucking good.
But then he's known in these books as
Leather Stocking, the Pathfinder, the Trapper,
Deer Slayer, Le Long Carabine,
which is Long Rifle in French, and Hawkeye.
Those are all names for him.
You know how many names Judge Dredd needs?
One.
Right.
Because he kicks ass and he's just Judge Dredd.
And that's what his name is.
And then he goes out there and rules.
He doesn't need eight other names.
They're not like, oh no, the Mr. Bigelaw.
No one has to call him Mr. Bigelaw.
Because he doesn't need a bunch of names.
Right.
I remember, I think it was Deer Slayer,
having to read that for a summer reading program.
And the first page is, as far as I can recall,
a nonstop run-on sentence that is just one date.
There was a war on this date, and it's just so dense
that I had to reread that one page 18 times.
And I specifically remember, at 17 years old,
being like, oh, OK, not setting me up for success here,
James Pinnimore Cooper.
Oh, boy, you couldn't start off with, I don't know,
a sunrise or something.
Give me some kind of, no, you're just starting off
with a history lesson.
Oh, boy.
I remember reading Wuthering Heights,
and it just kind of ended.
And I remember being 16 and being like, this sucks.
I'm throwing it down.
That fucking Heathcliff dude, he doesn't terrorize
the neighborhood at all.
No.
And then when he does, it is just gaslighting
and psychological and not fun.
It's not pranks.
Here is how to free yourself.
And I have actually used this specific technique
that I'm going to share with you.
What you do is, if there's a fancy old writer
that you think you should be reading,
you feel guilty about it, find another also good writer
that takes shit on them.
And then it frees you from, I'll give you an example.
There is actually a pretty famous piece called
Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses by Mark Twain.
And Mark Twain writes a whole essay where he's like,
fuck James Fenimore Cooper, he sucks ass.
And that to me is like, cool, I don't have to read that.
Mark Twain says he sucks.
Here's a quote from that.
In one place in Deerslayer and in the restricted space
of two thirds of a page, Cooper has scored 114 offenses
against literary art out of a possible 115.
It breaks the record.
He fucking dunks on the whole time.
That's so fresh, right?
So now I don't have to read James Fenimore Cooper.
But the rabbit hole goes deeper
because some people criticize that piece.
There's a quote here, this is from John McWilliams.
Hilarious though Twain's essay is,
is valid only within its own narrow
and sometimes misapplied criteria.
Fucking great.
Now I don't have to read Mark Twain.
I'm out on him too.
If you keep going down that chain,
eventually all you're left with
is the worlds of power novelizations of old NES games.
Which is fine.
Only the work of FX9 will survive.
If you go deep enough, you will find like Mark,
like Mark, Luke and John being like,
those novelizations of Mario fucking rule, dudes.
In the old gospels, it's man,
the blaster master novelization of worlds of power
is some real bullshit.
They left out a lot of really cool levels and power ups.
That seems like a pretty good place
to head on over to the money zone.
But first Trav, why don't you tell us a little bit
about this week's organization
that we're donating our ad revenue to.
Yeah, we're gonna be donating
to the Sylvia Rivera Law Project.
Sylvia Rivera was partners in work with Marsha P. Johnson.
Did a lot of work for the trans community
and the Sylvia Rivera Law Project.
Basically, they're working hard to provide legal services
and protect the rights of trans people.
They focus specifically on people of color and poor people
and fighting discrimination against gender non-conforming folks.
So it's a great organization.
You can check them out at srlp.org.
Let's get the money to give to them now.
I can tell you about an experience
I had this very weekend.
God, I hope it's related to Stitch Fix
because that's who we're supposed to be telling.
It is, it is, don't worry.
I got me a Stitch Fix.
I opened up their box and I lifted out a shirt
that made me gasp in delight
and run across the house to find my wife and say,
look at this absolute winner I have just received.
I will post a picture of it.
It is a beautiful shirt.
And here's the best thing.
Covered in anime babes.
No, there are no anime babes, Griffin.
It kind of looks like fireworks on it,
but in a really cool way.
And the thing is, I didn't pick that shirt out.
It was because my stylist has worked with me
and I've answered questions
that they were able to say like,
Travis is gonna love this.
And they were right.
Because that's what Stitch Fix does.
They ask you questions,
they work with you to figure out what your style is.
And then they send things that are your size,
your style, and you try them on,
you keep what you love,
and you only pay for what you keep.
And one of my favorite things about it,
you can say like,
this is how much money I'm comfortable
paying for a t-shirt.
This is how much money I'm comfortable
paying for shorts, right?
And so they won't send you super expensive clothes
that you don't wanna keep.
It's amazing.
So to get started,
go to stitchfix.com slash my brother
and set up your profile,
and they'll deliver great looks personalized
just for you and your colors, styles, and budget.
You pay a $20 styling fee for each fix,
and that's credited towards anything you keep.
Schedule at any time,
there's no subscription required,
plus shipping returns and exchanges are easy and free.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother,
and you'll get 25% off
when you keep everything in your fix.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother
for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
One more time,
stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Sheet pan, pesto, salmon.
Whoa.
Hot honey butter glazed chicken.
Whoa.
Fettuccini.
Okay.
Meatballs.
And you're hearing me say this,
you're thinking like,
what is he talking about, a restaurant?
You shouldn't be going out to one of those,
a place that is dangerous
and you could possibly get COVID from
if they're doing it bad.
Well, no, you goofball.
I'm talking about doing it at home with Blue Apron,
where it's safe in your house
and you can make fettuccini pasta and mushrooms
like you're doing food art.
And right now cooking at home matters more than ever.
I think I've outlined that pretty well,
so I don't have to go into more detail
about why home cooking matters right now.
But Blue Apron is a really good way to do that
because you get a box of fresh quality ingredients
delivered straight to your door
and then you follow these recipes
and you make tasty, tasty meals
and you learn how to cook.
I did Blue Apron for a long time
and got good at learning how to cook
and I can make whatever.
Stew, pasta, bread, pudding.
And it's great.
You create a plan that works for you
with Blue Apron's ever-changing mix of menu options
and prices start as low as $7.49 per serving.
Don't sacrifice flavor.
Don't settle for boring meals.
With Blue Apron, you can enjoy top rated recipes
all month long.
Check out this week's menu
and get $30 off across your first two deliveries
when you visit BlueApron.com slash my brother.
That's BlueApron.com slash my brother, Blue Apron.
Feed your soul.
Whoa.
I started listening to Oh No Ross and Carrie
shortly after I broke my arm
and the doctor had told me I'd never walk again.
I couldn't get my book started.
I was lost, honestly.
I knew it was time to make a change.
There's something about Oh No Ross and Carrie
that you just can't get anywhere else.
They're thought leaders, discoverers, founders.
I'd call them heroes.
Ross and Carrie don't just report on French science,
spirituality, and claims of the paranormal.
They take part themselves.
They show up so you don't have to.
But you might find that you want to.
My arm is better.
I can walk again.
I wrote an entire book this weekend.
It's terrible, but I did it.
Just go to MaximumFun.org.
Thank you, Ross and Carrie.
Oh No Ross and Carrie is just a podcast.
It doesn't do anything.
It's just sound you listen to in your ears.
All these people are made up.
Goodbye.
Hey, who's that on the-
Who is it?
It's Lynn.
Hi, Lynn.
I wasn't recording before, but now I am.
Hi, Lynn.
Hi, Lynn.
Hi.
Welcome to the podcast.
We were in the middle of doing the podcast
and now we're just like-
Thank you.
In it.
You're on it.
This is the podcast.
Longtime fan, third time caller.
Thrilled to be here.
Is that right?
There's no way.
I feel like you were just on the one time
when you were at the public.
And then that time you guys did the Margaritaville Blue Carp.
And then the other times were live times
when you indulged me saying,
hey guys, I wrote another song about you.
Can I play it at your show?
We've given you a lot of opportunities, huh?
Yeah.
You're so welcome.
I think this is my third time on the podcast.
That's great.
Wow.
What an honor.
Make them say Hammer proper.
How are you doing though?
I'm all right.
Whoa.
Oh, fuck.
There's a story behind there.
There's a sadness.
Sadness behind those eyes.
Actually, I'm quite hashtag blessed all things considered.
You're catching me after spending an hour and a half
putting together a play set involving tools.
And as soon as I finished putting together the play set,
my son yelled, yay, and then stubbed his toe,
started bleeding, and started screaming.
Oh my god, did he stub it on the play set?
No, no.
He stubbed it on being five and running funny.
So I don't really want to talk about Hamilton.
It is, if anybody cares, it's coming out Disney plus July 3rd.
You can watch it on Disney.
I'm sure you're fucking sick of talking about it.
Sick of talking about it.
I'm sick of talking about it.
I'm happy to talk to you about anything else.
Any other musical.
Any other musical.
What's going on with Tootsie?
I have this feeling sometimes like Tootsie is still going.
Yeah, like they're still doing it to no crowd.
Yeah, I feel like they're still doing Tootsie probably.
It's come and gone.
Oh man, it was so funny though.
Poor little Henny out for Tootsie.
Are any musicals going right now?
There is a Phantom of the Opera playing in Seoul, South Korea.
That is the one musical playing in the world right now
because they were serious about their shit and locked it down.
And now they can do Phantom,
which is all about a guy in a mask, weirdly enough.
Yeah, it is weird.
That's the price you get for taking it seriously.
You get to see Phantom.
I was going to ask about the musicals
that form the DNA of who you are.
I'm so grateful every time we get a little night music,
courtesy of Justin McElroy,
when he sings in that ineffable-
It's really just that one track though, right, Juice?
You're not like a big night music like hit.
Didn't know it was from that.
So that's where I'm at as far as that.
I got had on a Lou Rawls CD when I was younger
and so it got in my heart that way.
Musicals that really fought-
Man, you know, obviously Rent was huge for me
as Tim Robbins told me at your show, Hamilton.
Rent taught my generation tolerance, which is huge.
Huge for Rent.
Thank you to Rent.
Big ups to Rent.
Did you ever dream cast yourself in Rent?
Did you ever give a thought who you might play?
I'm pretty sure that I would be the window washing guy.
Honest living, honest living.
That would be a good part.
Honestly, I would be, and I would be lucky to have it.
You know, Man of La Mancha was a big one for me.
That's a cornerstone for me.
That was my audition song was Man of La Mancha
for a very long time was my-
The title track, Man of La Mancha?
Oh yeah, not Impossible Dream.
I can't carry that off.
But I could do like a sort of spoken word intro
into the song and then,
because that gets you like 30 seconds in,
then there's only 30 seconds of singing after that,
which is perfect, right?
I, Lynn and I share this playing Birdie,
Conrad Birdie in Bye Bye Birdie.
It is, how old were you when you did it?
I was, I want to say like 17, 18.
That's huge.
When you are at your gangliest and teeniest
and you play a role in which everyone has to pretend
to be in love with you,
I mean, it kind of explains everything about-
Well, it goes one step further than that, Lynn.
Our father was the director, Nepotism,
and one of the creative decisions he made
was to have Conrad Birdie, myself,
enter from behind a 12 foot tall photograph of myself,
a backlit with like fog while everyone cheered for me.
Your reckless confidence is entirely justified.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not his fault.
Can't blame him.
It's all dad's fault.
Griffin, you like musicals?
Yo, King Kong.
The King Kong musical.
Seen it, I saw it.
Yeah, love that big guy.
As of last year, I'm officially a Tony voter
and so I did my due diligence
and I saw every show of last season.
I thought you were gonna say voted for King Kong.
I did see the King Kong.
Voted, biggest gorilla, yes.
It won a special award.
There are-
A King Kong award.
Yeah, biggest King Kong.
It won a special honorary Tony for being the biggest King Kong
for taking 14 people to manipulate.
It has a special Kong, Tony.
It knocked the shit right out of Noises Off's King Kong.
That King Kong sucked.
That King Kong sucked.
The one in Tootsie was cool though
because he had sunglasses and he came out on a skateboard.
He was like, oh man.
But only 13 people.
Yeah.
Hey, Lynn, are there musicals that you are...
I get this with pop culture sometimes
where I become fixated or obsessed
with the idea of something without actually
having any actual affection for it
or actually maybe even seeing it.
I'll give you an example to give you a little time to think.
There is this musical called Chocolate the Musical
and it's a one-woman show that this woman tours around with
and does Chocolate the Musical for like,
I guess if you have like a meeting of the Red Hat Ladies
or something like that,
she'll come and do musical, Chocolate the Musical.
The Red Hat Ladies is such a deep pull, Dustin.
Not if you know Arnani, man.
It's pretty much top of mind 24-7.
Is she a Red Hatter?
Hell yeah, dude.
Absolutely.
The Red Hat Ladies, in case you don't got this,
is like a society of ladies who wear
like red Sunday brunch hats and go see shows.
It's very benign.
It's not the current connotation of Red Hat.
No, it's a very different vibe.
The other one is the High Fidelity Musical
which came out for like a few weeks
and then wasn't anymore.
Eight performances on Broadway
written by my good friend, Tom Kitt.
That was the musical that put the fear of God in me
because the same producers produced High Fidelity
that produced In the Heights, my first show.
And like for years, they were like,
what are we going to get High Fidelity on?
Because that's a no brainer hit.
Everyone loves the book.
Everyone loves the like tunes.
And then it like lasted eight performances.
And they were basically like,
once High Fidelity is a hit,
we'll take a chance on your little show with Latins in it.
And then it didn't, nothing happened.
How did your show do?
It turns out our show did okay.
But it was scary.
It was sort of like that was such a surefire hit.
It had a well-known director, a great composer.
And it just, you know, no one wants to see Rob sing.
I guess, yeah.
Like the whole thing is that he listens to music.
You're making something about the best music ever
when there's frequent arguments about-
And you're not allowed to use that music.
Totally.
It was an impossible task.
You want to hear my favorite song?
I own a record store.
That's my favorite song.
It's always been my favorite song.
We don't have questions,
a question from the audience for you.
Like we sometimes do for guestpert stuff.
And I've been asking the last few guestperts,
like, you know, COVID related stuff.
Like how are you, how, what are you doing at home?
But I think it would be better to do just a Yahoo.
Yeah.
And just like get you on that Yahoo with us.
Do you feel like qualified to do one of those?
Completely unqualified, but happy to be along for the ride.
Wait, okay.
Just one more quick thing.
Just Starlight Express.
Have you seen it, Lynn?
Can I tell you?
Because that's a musical about trains.
Yeah, I know.
And I fucking would love to see that shit.
By the way, it's based on Thomas the Tank Engine.
Get out.
His company is the really useful company
because he wanted the rights to Thomas
and it didn't quite happen.
So he did his own train musical.
I've never seen it.
I actually have the ability on that one.
I remember seeing the commercials and being like,
well, trains, musicals, where do I sign?
But my parents didn't have the money, so I never saw it.
Unfair, unfair.
Okay, Griffin, I'm sorry.
I won't talk about any other bizarre musicals.
Lynn, I'm so excited for you to put your,
we've never allowed anyone into this particular sanctum.
And I think you're going to crush it.
Michelle sent this one.
It's a Yahoo Answers user who I'm going to call
Jamuel Miranda asks,
Super Mario versus yourself in a few scenarios.
For some random reason,
Super Mario is teleported into the real world
with the sole goal to hunt you down and kill you.
Mario is still bound to his game physics
and can still jump just as high.
I'll give you three scenarios that could occur
and I want you to tell me how they would play out.
Oh boy. So we can just run down these.
That went such a different direction than I-
Yeah, before we get too deep,
I need to make sure I understand the premise.
Yeah.
Mario has been teleported
into our world Sonic movie style.
Earth 616 or wherever.
Go down a pipe, come up a earth toilet,
and he wants to kill you so bad.
And that's-
Okay, so he wants to kill you
or he's been tasked with killing you.
He needs to kill you.
Okay, that is important
because I could maybe talk him out of it
if it's just a job.
No, you got the pipe inside you that gets him home.
So anyway-
Now even that though is a different scenario
than him just wanting to kill me.
Okay, he could jump really high.
Scenario one, you are casually walking outside
like any normal day.
You feel safe and are unarmed.
Suddenly Mario, who is also unarmed,
comes running at you with the purpose to end your life.
You know this and prepare to fend off the ambush.
What happens?
Wait, is he mushroomed or not?
He's unarmed.
This is actually huge.
I need to know scale, right?
That is my biggest question.
On the TV, he doesn't look very big.
Is he a human-sized Mario?
Is he a human-sized?
Okay, so he's a human-sized Mario.
Is he human-sized at the same proportions?
Because density there is a huge factor.
He's a dense fella.
He's quite thick in all the right places,
but he's running at you.
It says he's running at you.
He's not like walking at you slow,
imposing, Terminator-style.
This fucking plumber is sprinting at you, Lynn.
You have to get high.
You gotta get high.
You have to get high.
Higher than-
If his whole thing is jumping on you,
you gotta get high.
Yeah, you gotta get to the high ground.
But now we're in a Donkey Kong scenario.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's not gonna stop.
He's coming.
You gotta throw barrels.
You gotta throw barrels.
Gotta throw some barrels at this fucking guy.
Could you get under something,
under something that will protect you?
That will protect your head from bouncing.
Because if it's just Mario running at you,
he does not have a-
I mean, I guess he could spin, couldn't he?
That's the danger.
Here's my thing.
There are enemies in Mario that walk slowly at you
and you wait for them to end you,
or sometimes they run really fast at you,
or sometimes they jump.
I don't think there is an enemy in Mario
that can fucking punch and kick the way I do.
So Mario may not-
He may run at me and start to jump
and I just kind of move out of the way
and I fucking punch him in the face.
He's like, oh, what are these?
And I'm like, yeah, you motherfucker.
I punch back.
He won't understand it.
He won't get it.
No, he can't process that.
There is also, I'm now thinking that the Mario games
would be much different
if like when a Koopa saw Mario coming,
they ran away from him.
Like, I don't want, I'm just walking around, dude.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm a hopping turtle.
Let's do a bit of, let's do some opposition research here.
Lynn, you're gonna play the role of Lynn.
You are quarantining wherever you are quarantining.
Travis, Justin, and I are gonna be Mario.
And let me pitch you scenario two.
You're inside your house
like any normal person during quarantine
and you see Mario trying to break into your house.
You can defend yourself with anything in your home
and Mario is armed with a hammer throw power up.
Wait, a hammer throw power up?
That's like Donkey Kong.
He's got the hammer and he's swinging indiscriminately?
No, he throw.
Like the Hammer Bros?
Yeah, he can throw.
So I guess take a moment, look around your house
and in 15 seconds, Justin, Travis, and I
are gonna come at you with a hammer throw power up.
And don't say a Tony or anything
because like that's cheating.
Because it's very heavy.
The Tony is a heavy weapon.
Very heavy and impressive.
What if Lynn is like, I pick up the big gun.
By the way, guys, I'm huge into guns
and this is how I'm announcing it to the world.
Yeah.
All right, Lynn, your time's up.
I smash in through the window
with my big powerful carpenter's boots or plumber's boots
and now Mario's in your house.
I activate the Playmobil water table
I have spent the last fucking hour assembling.
You're so much slower in water.
Get at me.
Okay, okay.
So you've, okay.
You're so much slower in water.
Now I'm just a squid who moves slowly and I'm a threat.
Okay.
Oh, that's pretty good.
I don't know how a water table would flood an entire house.
You shouldn't.
I'm putting on all the water.
Just all the water.
I'm just, I'm flooding everything.
Okay, Lynn floods the house.
Justin, Travis, take the Mario wheel.
We're just still trying to kill Lynn.
Is that the idea?
Yeah, the three of us are trying to kill our friend, Lynn.
Are we three different Marios?
No, we're the same Mario.
I'm gonna take over.
Travis, Travis, you can be Mario now.
I'm turning this to a water level.
Get on my level.
Okay, so you've begun flooding your own home.
Yeah, the hammer throwing is no longer,
you can't do that in water.
That's silly.
Yeah, so I'm gonna break a wall sconce.
I assume you have sconces off the wall
and attempt to electric.
Don't fucking dox Lynn.
I live in an apartment building in Manhattan.
So you have sconces?
I have no sconces.
Ah, fuck, that was the only thing I had.
Well, now you just see Mario looking for sconces
and he's just pawing at the wall.
Travis, waste his turn.
Lynn, how are you gonna kill Shigeru Miyamoto's best friend
and video game son, Mario?
I am going to, because I know that just touching me
will kill him, because that's how it works in this world.
I'm going to edge and swim until Mario's close to the window
and then I'm gonna try to open the window.
Okay, Justin.
Because I live several stories up.
He's right in your fucking trap, Justin, get him.
I'm gonna push beloved Tony winner
and multi-talented artist, Lin Manuel Miranda,
out the window.
Okay.
I'm gonna Wario scowl as I fall out the window.
All right, we won.
We killed Lin.
What is scenario three?
Let me just read it.
Hey, who lives, who dies, who tells your story?
It turns out Mario is who tells your story.
That's so weird, you didn't see that coming.
Sorry, but our princess is in another fucking castle.
Lin, I know you're busy and we've kept you
for a long time, but I would be remiss
if I didn't read scenario three.
You've successfully evaded Mario this whole time
and managed to locate where he lives
while he isn't trying to kill you.
You now have the element of surprise.
You now have the element of surprise
and can bring with you whatever you could reasonably
afford, get a hold of, or make.
There is no way of knowing what Mario has though.
So now the tables have flipped a little bit.
Mario Lin is in his Manhattan apartment.
Well, this is getting a little aggro for my tastes.
Yeah, this is like John Wick shit where it's like,
okay, now you have to go after them.
This is that Van Damme hard target.
How does it feel to be hunted?
I assume he's like little.
He's not eating a mushroom when he's chilling at home.
Oh no.
He's on the run now, if he's hiding out.
We don't talk about this, but when he eats the mushroom
and gets big, it hurts his bones so fucking bad.
His bones and muscles and skins all grow so fast, so much.
And when he gets small again, his bones don't shrink.
They just kind of bend.
It hurts so fucking bad.
He doesn't eat the mushroom at home unless the princess
makes him, if you know what I mean.
I don't understand.
For his hog.
For Mario's hog.
Oh, he eats it too.
For his hog.
Okay.
For his hog.
The mushroom makes his hog bigger.
Right.
Lynn, we're going to explain to you in excruciating detail
the premise of Justin's joke.
What Justin's saying is that when Mario eats a mushroom,
his penis not only becomes engorged, but it begins.
Right.
All of them becomes bigger, Lynn, right?
And so that would include his genitals, which,
and I guess in this scenario, the princess would want
like a bigger zone down there.
Yeah.
Does that make sense?
So it would make him eat the mushroom so that his penis
would become larger.
Explain it back to us, Lynn, just to make sure that
we know that you understand it.
So Mario is at home, but he's in his half-man form,
his lowercase form.
Right.
Unless the princess asks him to eat the mushroom,
in which case-
Why would she want that?
And explain it, because I need to know that you got it
before we can move on.
It would grow him to double the scale,
including his genitals.
Right, perhaps.
And why would that be desired by her?
Why would she want that?
Yeah.
I'm gonna hang up.
I'm gonna hang up.
Everybody gets it.
Okay.
This is great.
No, I need to know that he understands the benefit.
It's all good stuff.
It's all good, fun stuff.
July 3rd.
Welcome to Warp Zone.
July 3rd.
Check it out.
Disney Plus.
Probably.
Dude, that will feature Hamilton and the-
No one tell Disney Plus about this episode.
It feels funny.
I don't like the plug after this.
I don't like the plug.
Disney Plus.
You can be a double feature.
Hamilton and the Journey of Nettigan.
Fire it up.
Call up Bob Iger.
Say, I got a podcast for you, bud.
Gonna love this one.
Kill our chances of getting on there, actually.
I'm starting to freak out about it.
So would you stab him, or-
I think Lin doesn't have time to kill him.
What would I do with-
I mean, getting close to him would kill him in that moment
when he's most vulnerable.
He's a weak man.
But would you enjoy that as much?
I mean, that's a thing.
Are you saying that you're going to-
I just wanna be clear, Lin.
Are you telling me that you're going to kill Mario
while he's in flagrante in the middle of sexual Congress?
Is that when you're gonna wait for your moment?
You fucking nasty dog.
Come on the podcast, Justin said.
We'll talk about musicals, Justin said.
July 3rd.
We talked, but we did the prerequisite musical conversation
before we got the meat, the pearl of this oyster.
In my defense, I did wanna talk about more weird musicals,
but Griffin made me change.
You heard that happen.
You heard him.
Just real quick, though.
Did you see Spider-Man?
I didn't.
I never did.
I had a friend who was at the first preview
and he was a big Spider-Man fan and he was like,
this isn't even about Spider-Man, dude.
Fucking kicks ass.
The guy got hung up and everything stopped and he left.
That's all I know about Spider-Man.
That's how it ended every night.
You never knew what would happen.
Eventually, Spider-Man would get stuck
and everybody would bow underneath him.
That was the end of the musical.
Okay, Lin, thanks so much for coming on the show.
It's always such a joy.
Lin, I'm sorry.
No, now I feel bad that we made you talk about dirty video game stuff.
I was, I'm kinda into it.
I'm good.
Oh, good.
All right, I got some websites for you to visit
and I'm sure the rest of the show will help you out with that as well.
Thanks so much, Lin.
Thanks, guys.
Appreciate you.
Whoa.
I wanna munch.
Squad?
Squad!
I want to munch.
Squad!
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast with a podcast that features the latest and greatest in brand eating.
I have wanted to give a bit more introspective time
because I wanted to start off with a bit more introspective of a Munch Squad today.
Or at least an introspective lead-in to a Munch Squad.
You know, things are hard right now.
I didn't know if everybody heard about it.
Oh, do tell.
Yeah, it's just Earth and I have one shining light
and I have two kids so you know it's not them.
I have one shining light that keeps me kind of going when things are hard
and that I do include my children in that.
Right.
And it's the fact that somewhere on this big blue marble we call Earth,
every once in a while, the boardroom doors at Papa John's fly open
and you hear and there is a large dent made in the top of the door jam
which then cracks as Shaq blows into the room and announces,
hey idiots, here's the new shit I'm going to lay it out for you
and you're going to do what I say because everybody hates you except for me, Shaq.
The only thing keeping everybody from hating you.
That announcement recently that Shaq made to the boardroom of Papa John's.
Papa John's introduces the extra large shakaroni pizza.
Yep.
Oh, huh, huh, huh.
Is the pizza large or are the individual, I'm sorry, shakaronis?
There's no pepperoni on it.
It is pepperoni.
It is a pepperoni free pizza covered in pepperonis which are now shakaronis.
Papa John's announced Monday the launch of the new shakaroni pizza in collaboration
with board member and restaurant owner Shaquille O'Neal.
No shit.
Don't say.
I wish that it had said in strict defiance of the wishes of Shaquille
who begged us not to make a shakaroni pizza.
Are they smoky, cured, spiced chunks of Shaq?
I don't want that.
No, it's Shaq free.
Papa John's will donate $1 from every shakaroni sold through August 23rd, 2020 to the Papa
John's Foundation for Building Community, which is a very general and non-threatening
name of a group which supports communities as they work together for equality, fairness,
respect, and opportunity for all.
Here's the quote.
It was important to me for the shakaroni to be bigger than just pizza.
By giving my new pie a try, $1 will be donated to the Papa John's Foundation for Building
Community to support COVID-19 relief, the fight against racial injustice, Boys and Girls
Club of America, the United Negro College Fund, and general community involvement, says
O'Neal, Papa John's board member and franchise owner.
Conceived by O'Neal himself, the shakaroni is an extra large pizza made with Papa John's
fresh, never frozen, six ingredient dough topped with extra cheese and extra pepperoni
shakaroni, I think they meant to say, and then cut into Papa John's largest slice size
to date.
Well, now, so I don't mean to be obtuse here, but it sounds like what you're describing
is a big pepperoni pizza.
I guess I'm just confused as to where the shakaroni part comes in.
And let me just say, why not make it like a macaroni and cheese pizza?
Because then shakaroni totally applies.
Well, don't even fucking worry about that, Travis.
Oh?
Because the larger than life pizza is also accompanied by an exclusive Snapchat AR experience
for fans who order the shakaroni using the Snapchat app, customers simply point their
camera at the pizza box to reveal a 3D surprise.
I don't know what the 3D surprise is, but I assume it's Shaq dressed as Kazam announcing
that your pizza wishes have been granted.
What else could it possibly be?
I don't know what else it could possibly be other than that.
Can I just real quick just dial in on the implications of using the phrase larger than
life when describing a pizza, which would imply that this pizza is larger than existence,
I guess, larger than anything you could conceive based around your time here on Earth.
Here's what's very interesting, is that nowhere in the press release does it define
the bounds of the pizza.
It is only in relation to other pizza products from Papa John's.
Maybe it's bigger than Shaq.
It's big.
It's very big.
We can't tell you how big because the law, legally, we can't tell you how big it is,
but it's extremely big.
Perhaps the diameter is one Shaq's worth.
It's a Shaq of, it's a single Shaq of pizza.
Actually, they say it's a, okay, so the CEO of Papa John's, the new good one, I guess,
not the old one.
Right.
We're excited to combine all the best ingredients for coming together in support of our neighbors,
a Shaq-sized pizza.
Now that, to me, I think that's false advertising.
That could be criminal.
Or?
Because if it's a Shaq-shaped pizza, then I think, if it's Shaq-sized, like you have
to have, how tall is Shaq?
Well, now that could mean, that could mean he's 7'1".
So this motherfucker, even Reggie Fils-Aime's great shame, the Bigfoot pizza, was nowhere
near 7'1".
What I'm saying is perhaps it could be the pizza to satiate Shaq.
This is a Shaq-sized pizza.
This is, you have your human-sized pizza, and then you have your Shaq-sized pizza,
just far larger, much like a baby bear, mama bear, papa bear situation.
This pizza for Shaq is just right.
So, okay, theory, the reason that the dimensions are not listed is because it is on a sliding
scale during which, in the morning, Shaq consumes an amount of pizza.
He has continually brought pizza until he announces, Shaq has sated.
I will have no more pizza.
And then you know, for that day, that's the day, for that day, that is the size of the
Shaqaroti pizza.
Much like you used to measure the length of the king's forearm, and that was the unit
of measure, and then it would fluctuate based on who the royalty was in question.
It depends on Shaq.
Maybe Shaq is feeling a little stopped up, hasn't had a good BM in a while, isn't all
that hungry.
That's a tiny pizza that day.
He skips pizza that day, because he has a terrible stomach bug.
Because he's only been eating pizza.
That day you order the Shaqaroti pizza, you get nothing.
You get absolutely nothing.
Good day, sir.
Good day, sir.
You lose.
That's a Shaqaroti pizza.
I think that that's wonderful.
I'm so happy that Shaq is finally getting his hands on the dough over there.
I'm just glad he's finally found something he's comfortable putting his name on.
I have been sitting here trying to think of another way of blending an NBA All-Star player's
name with a type of salami.
And I think it's so bad, man.
So poorly.
Mug salami.
That feels like Punxsutawney Phil's breath.
That's nothing.
Mug salami Phil.
I thought in my head Dikembe Chorizo, but that felt like absolutely nothing.
Yeah, I mean, I like the flavor.
Chorizo Barclay?
Like Charles Bar- No, because you can't say that.
You can't.
That's like naming.
I have named this pizza Chorizo Barclay.
It's its name.
That's no good.
That's no good.
Well, it sounds like a good-
Scotty Pippinroni.
But we already did pepperoni.
We just said Shaq in there.
That's true.
Fuck.
Folks, thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We hope you're staying safe, staying cool.
Staying cool.
Keeping the heat off.
Just as important as staying safe, Justin says.
Staying cool.
And you got to be safe with those fans.
Sometimes those fans, those blades move really fast.
They go so fast.
No, thanks.
Sorry, guys.
I'm just looking at a list of NBA all-star names.
I'm really down a fucking well right now.
But thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song
into Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a powerful song, powerful anthem of Summertime rejuvenation.
And thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there.
And also check out the Sylvia Rivera Law Project.
We'll have a link to that in the episode description if you want to support them as well.
There's only a couple more weeks to preorder the Adventure Zone graphic novel,
if you haven't already, Pedals to the Metal.
I believe it comes out, what, the 14th?
Something like that.
It's coming out real soon.
It's like two weeks.
Don't miss it.
Go to theadventurezonecomic.com.
You're really going to enjoy it.
It's really good.
I'm very proud of it.
It's way better than Dickens or any of them old jerks.
Here's a final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by a bunch of people.
Thanks, everybody.
It's from Yahoo Answers user,
uh, ashlalece asks,
how long after back tattoo can I have sex?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Is that too not- is that naughty?
Say your name.
This is Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
