The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Mean Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy. I'm gonna say
my name normal, so. I just like, if you string my name together, it sounds like Travis McElroy.
Oh, that's fun. Yeah, right? Are you boys excited to go to...
Which is what I just sort of, like, because I'm so familiar with it, I call San Diego Comic-Con,
the 2017 edition. Are you boys all hyped up to, for the comic, that new comic smell?
Excelsior! Excelsior is what I always say. Did you know that every comic-con attendee
in their visit will get a complimentary Stanley cameo? You gotta keep your eyes peeled,
but he will, maybe he'll be the one serving you chicken tenders in the conference center.
Maybe he'll be your driver, your Uber. Maybe he'll wake up and he'll be standing over you
in your hotel room. If you see an old man and you wonder, who are you talking to?
That is probably Stanley, because I kind of wonder, people in the Marvel movies,
like, who is that old man talking to? I've always got my head on a swiv,
looking for Stanley. Are you... What do you think Stanley's last name is?
No one knows, and that's what makes him such an exciting artist. So...
It's Lieber. I want to make sure we don't all dress up
as the same action hero, and so I was hoping we could take some time here for our Cosplay Corner,
which is a segment we haven't done in a while, huh?
Yeah. I was just wondering who you boys are gonna do.
I got mine all planned out this year. Okay.
The cape. But... Jesus Christ.
So I am going as the cape, which you may remember from the series The Cape,
but this is gonna be confusing, and I'm still sort of struggling with how to communicate this
vis-a-vis my dress. I've got 10 episodes of sort of, like, material to work with.
Not much. Not a lot. A lot of time you want a richer canon,
so you can sneak a lot of Easter eggs into your garb.
But I don't think they had time to really develop those, to nurture and incubate those eggs.
So the thing is that I'm cosplaying as the cape from The Cape.
Not the cape, the character, but the cape's cape called The Cape.
Lower case t, lower case c.
Right. The cape from The Cape, the cancelled TV series.
How's that grab you all?
Oh, it grabs me so good, just like The Cape didn't.
I have a really exciting one, and it's taken a really long time,
and I've spent, boys, thousands of tens of dollars.
I'm gonna be, I think, just Zachary Quinto.
Nice.
Okay.
Not as a Star Trek Spock or as a heroes guy, but just Zachary Quinto.
And I don't know if a lot of people, do folks do that typically?
Like, hi, I'm Will Wheaton.
And people are like, oh, it's so exciting.
Wait a minute.
Like, no, you don't understand that.
No.
I just damn him.
Be a good year for your Elijah Wood cosplay, Griffin.
Yeah, I mean, every year's a good year for my Elijah Wood cosplay, Justin.
It's my life.
Do you think Zachary Quinto walks around in Spock ears just like,
ah, nanu-nanu, right, idiots?
Anyway, get bent.
That would be my entire comic-con experience.
Anybody got any cats I can eat?
Because, oh, that wasn't him.
That wasn't Spock who did it.
It was Alf.
It was Alf who did that.
Thanks for the money.
I'm going, my cosplay this year is, I'm gonna go as Superman.
But I'm going as Superman, like, right in the middle of changing from Clark Kent to Superman.
So I'm out of my Clark Kent clothes, but I haven't yet gotten into my Superman outfit yet.
Hmm, I think if you cosplay as Superman in one of these things, you should just be asked to leave.
Yeah, we get it.
Yeah, Superman is cool.
We get it.
It is the equivalent of dressing up as a ghost on Halloween.
Just because it's like, oh, oh.
What if I'm just super naked?
Well, yeah, yeah.
Hey, are we going to cosplay at, we're going to be-
Let me be clear.
I'm going to shave my chest hair into the ass.
Now we're talking.
Yeah, so it'll be, and my bush.
Now we're talking about something real upsetting.
So we are actually going to be, I should mention now while I'm thinking about it,
we're going to be at Comic-Con.
When is it?
Saturday, well, we're going to be there, like, you know, all the days.
But Saturday at noon, we are going to be at the first second booth representing the Adventure Zone.
So come say hi.
Are we going to cosplay for that?
Are we?
Should we cosplay?
Yeah.
Ooh, probably.
That could be fun.
I mean, we will have done a live Adventure Zone the night before,
so y'all will definitely have your costume.
And it will smell of show funk, so that'll be nice.
If you cosplay, be sure to come.
And like, if you see us walking around, I don't want any of this like,
I saw you guys, but I didn't want to bother you.
If you're dressed as a character from the Adventure Zone,
you come say hi, let us get a picture with you.
Or not.
I mean, like, if you want to say hi, just say hi.
Just come and say hi, there's no rules just right.
No rules here.
Trav, have you been to Sandy or Comic-Con before?
I have, I went last year.
Okay, is it just, be straight with me.
You know me and my proclivities.
My special, my sort of whole thing.
Is it just going to be a full blown, pedal to the metal, McG's shit show?
Like, is that what I'm anticipating here?
No, no, no, no, no.
No?
No.
It's going to be a medium pedal to the metal shit show.
But not full blown.
How many times am I going to run into Nathan Fillion in the bathroom?
Because I know it's going, oh, that's too many.
That's too many times.
Why are you both going to the bathroom?
That's because he just stays in the bathroom.
Hey, do you need a mint towel?
What do you need?
I don't work here.
That's a good, both of you did real good.
Nathan Fillion said, should we do?
Oh, we should also say right here at the top, we're also going to be on at midnight.
Oh, fuck.
The 24th, July 24th.
Don't ask when it's on.
You'll look like an asshole.
Yeah, but check it out.
Watch us, the three of us competing brother against brother.
It's the civil war of late night comedy shows.
We don't really write jokes or do jokes ever.
So that should be a fun experience.
Yeah, please enjoy all of us trying to look comfortable as we appear on national television.
Can I hit you guys with this?
This is a true story before we get to our advice segment of the show,
the ever dwindling advice segment.
I was watching episodes of At Midnight and pausing after Mr.
Hardwick gave the prompt to see if I could come up with a joke.
Oh, man.
Isn't that sad?
So here's the one.
I'm going to give you guys the prompt and you have to come up with your own jokes.
And I'll tell you what my joke is to buy you some time.
Okay, real quick, though.
I do.
I did just say, oh, man, not because of this segment you're doing,
but because I just had to confront the fact that you are going to call him Mr.
Hardwick while I'm in the room with you.
And it's bad for me.
Now, Chrissy boy is what he insists.
Okay, so the prompt was what Pitbull, if he ran for governor of Florida,
what would his campaign slogan be?
And here's who you have to beat in this lineup was Howie Mandel,
David Cockner, and I forget.
But Howie Mandel was the main one that I was like.
I would, the Sun Tzu said the first secret to war is to not get in it
with a combatant who you could never hope to beat.
And so I concede, of course.
Okay, so that is going to be your sort of play.
Because the best I could do is I know you want me as governor.
And that's it. And that sucks.
I'm going to be so bad on TV.
Memory hurt.
There's a third person.
Me as governor?
Yeah, right.
Picture that with a Kodak.
So we're going to be really bad.
Comma, but I would like to be governor, please.
Will Chris sue us?
People have been trying to get you on this show for a long time
and you stank it the fuck up.
And so the show got canceled because of how bad you did.
Lots of people lost their jobs.
And so we need $10 million by next Tuesday.
Here was my joke.
Pitbull's running for governor of Florida.
What's his campaign slogan?
I promise to personally eat every mosquito in the state, Pitbull.
Damn it.
All right, Justin.
Now, okay, 15 minutes is about what it's-
Ah, shit.
Some people link the edits.
All right.
You can carry us through this television experience.
Let's do some advice.
Yeah, I'm happy to just get in there and just do the damn thing.
You guys ready?
Yeah.
Are you sure you're ready?
Sorry, I'm looking for the question.
You did not have the email ready.
I work from home and one of the restaurants I go to for lunch
has a guest of the month leaderboard
with names and tally marks behind the register.
I go here at least twice a week.
I have the rewards card and they know my order
without me having to give it to them,
but I'm not even on the leaderboard.
What do I have to do?
That's from Inconsolable in Irvine.
Man, you got to step it up.
You got to step up your game.
You got to be like that dude in Supersized
when he had a billion Big Macs and just get in there.
Can this be the only restaurant you eat at?
What's this meal you always get?
Is it perhaps a salad with all the major food groups in it
but it sort of covers the whole pyramid?
Because if so, you just go there
and you order that for every single meal.
All of a sudden you can rack up 21 a week
and that's going to get you there.
Maybe you need to make more of an impression.
Maybe a fun outfit.
Maybe you could be the Zoot Suit Panini King
and every time you come in, you're like,
hey mama, it's like guy or girl, doesn't matter.
Hey mama, I'm ready for my Panini
and then you do a spin around
and then when they hand it to you, it'll be really hot
or maybe it's not and you take a bite
and you're like smoking.
Yeah, you say, I've burned myself.
You know, a lot of people look down on
and remember poorly the 90s swing fascination
but I think the Zoot Suit Panini Kings had a lot of hits
and people just don't appreciate the work that they did,
the groundwork they laid, you know?
It's a shame that their bold style and vision
was completely lifted wholesale by the Panini Pop and Daddies.
Yeah, it led to the swing turf wars of 1999.
And we lost a lot of good-
Trombonists.
A lot of really good ska musicians.
Just kidding, I was just saying.
Get that roasted red pepper on there.
Check to make sure there's no hair.
Grill lines, grill lines.
Throw that thing on the little grill.
Who's your daddy?
Yes, I am.
There's another part of it right there.
Who'll be your daddy?
Just change the tense.
Who's your daddy?
Yes, I will.
There you go.
Okay, that's not even good.
Here's the thing.
What you've got now, which is nice,
is like you have a leaderboard.
So you need to find that person who's number one
and learn from them, train from them.
What Travis is suggesting is you
draft on them to use racing terminology.
So you just follow them.
And when they go to the Panera Bread,
you swing in there and you order double what they eat.
Yeah.
You gotta eat all of it or else it doesn't count.
Maybe some ink.
What does that mean?
Just get some ink.
Just get a tattoo that's like
number one fan of the Panini spot.
That's gotta get you on the board at least, right?
I don't like that.
But it's of the month, Justin, is the problem.
So you get that once, that's maybe June.
What do you do for like July and August?
You know what I mean?
Just keep getting the same tattoo over and over again.
That's crazy, Justin.
I was saying I don't like how that
affects the healthy spirit of competition
that this place is trying to foster, right?
Like if fucking, you know, Peyton Manning gets a
I love the Super Bowl tattoo.
I don't think they should let him
just be in the Super Bowl because of that.
I think I want to go on record and say
I think that's wrong.
So we gotta be looking.
We're probably talking.
Let's say we're looking at a top 10 list here.
You gotta assume you're probably 11.
You're in there all the time.
So maybe you pick somebody on the list
and August is just around the corner.
Maybe they're not gonna make it in this time.
Maybe they had a little accident.
And maybe they decided to get paninis
at another establishment.
Maybe they're eating paninis with the fishes now.
Because they went to that seafood restaurant.
Maybe they're splitting a panini with old St. Pete.
Maybe they're having some mint paninis.
Our least popular option, but we're bringing it back
just for you, the panini spot fans.
Beat the heat this summer with a cement panini.
Lose those last few LBs.
Get your beach body right by trying.
Eating this rocks.
Eating rocks.
Do you doofuses want a Yahoo?
Sure.
Wait, what?
Here's a Yahoo from Sally.
You tricked us into saying we're doofuses.
It's from Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's Yahoo user Sally who says,
what would become of McDonald's
if they were just serving Happy Meals
with characters of Family Guy and South Park
for an older audience?
Wait, what?
What would happen?
What would become of McDonald's
if they were just serving Happy Meals
with characters from Family Guy and South Park
for an older audience?
I just want to say,
and we'll get to the actual meat of the question,
I love when people use what would become
or what has become as a phrase.
It just sounds so like Edgar Allen Poe.
It makes you sound like fucking Gandalf.
Yeah.
I want to go to McDonald's
and order a burger meal and fries
and still get that excitement that I used to get
when I would get a little beyblade.
But listen, I've put behind me my childish things.
Now I want Family Guy and South Park toys.
That irreverent humor.
The irreverent South Park humor,
and I love that, and you know I love that.
But I would be so excited to pull a little quagmire
out of my meal.
And I think that would be really, really...
And maybe he has a little button on it
and you press him
and he says all of his fun jokes from the show.
Wait, is it the toys?
I thought the box art on the Happy Meal would be...
Yeah, Travis, it's a Happy Meal without a toy in it.
No, no, no.
This is why I did call you a doofus before we started.
But that would be good for adults
because as adults we know that there's not always a prize.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes you just do it because you have to,
because you're supposed to.
And if you do it and expect a reward, right?
Millennials, right?
Expecting a reward every time.
Sure.
And you don't always get the trophy.
Sometimes you just do it because you have to do it
because you have to pay your stupid electricity bill
because there's a lot of electricity
you can't power your Nintendo Switch.
And maybe the electricity bill is in the...
It's got Family Guy in South Park on the box.
And you know it's for adults.
And so you crack it open
and it's not that little joke burger that they serve to kids.
It's, you know, a big...
One of their weird fucked up artisanal burgers
with like frizzled onions
and that delicious McDonald's guacamole on it.
But then you dig inside
and maybe there's even a little bag, a little plastic bag
and it feels like there's a toy in it
and it does have, you know, Peter and Lois and everyone on it.
And you tear it open
and it is your electricity bill or your gas bill in there.
Maybe there's a little plastic bag in there.
You open it up and wait, it's your car keys?
Didn't you just have the...
You look up who just served you.
It's Chris Angel.
That's right.
You've just been mind freaked.
He's got your keys out of your pocket
and somehow got them into the toy bag in the McDonald's.
So we've basically covered the big three of adulthood.
A reverent humor.
Bill's Chris Angel.
Chris Angel.
I don't need...
The good thing about the toy,
the usual thing about the toy
is it's a good way to convince your kids
to eat their chicken grillers and apple slices.
I don't need extra motivation to eat the McDonald's
that I'm not allowed to eat.
By the way, McDonald's if you're listening,
some sort of bean-centric product would be
a hugely appreciated to those of us.
Meet Justin halfway here with some bean product.
Justin, I feel like you're selling the toy short
because it's also a good way to convince our dad
in the 90s that they might be worth something someday.
And so he needs to collect a shit ton of them
and then eventually I assume throw them away.
That, yeah, that already happened.
Oh, okay.
If you'll remember the drawer in the TV room
when we destroyed the TV room.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that drawer existed.
Yeah, that's a good point though.
I don't have a bunch of room for a shitty little Cartman
in my home now.
And so maybe you crack open the box
and it's got all my favorite adult characters on it
and then I get the little plastic Cartman out of it
and he just sort of sits there
as some sort of weird lunch totem
as I enjoy my bad burger and then somebody comes
and they say, are you done, sir?
And I say, yes, and then they throw this toy away for me.
So I do not, I don't have to bring it into my house.
What if the toy was made of Jordan almonds?
Maybe just a nice palette cleanser.
Now we're...
The toy is just a Ferrero Rocher chocolate.
Just a Ferrero Rocher.
Has anyone ever eaten Jordan almonds
that were not given to them as a wedding favor?
Probably at some point.
Think about it, really think about it.
The answer is no.
When's McDonald's gonna just start serving booze?
You know what I mean?
Come on, cowards.
I want my booze.
I want my fucking Eric Cartman toy
to be thrown away for me
and I want my guacamole burger with frizzled onions.
This is, we can't get into this.
I'm surprised we have not had a Munch Squad
about McDonald's sort of Chipotle turn here
here in the 11th hour.
I just, it boggles the mind.
Y'all want fancy shit from us, right?
It's like they discovered the Necronomicon
and it's like, you guys are dabbling in forces
that I absolutely do not trust you with.
Guacamole?
That's not a McDonald's.
That's not a McDonald's, unfortunately.
This is not a Munch Squad,
but I did wanna point out,
I just Googled Ronald McDonald
because I was like, where is that guy?
Have you guys seen Ronald McDonald for a while?
He hasn't, have you?
It's been a minute, right?
So here's the deal.
In 2016, do you remember everybody
was kinda tripped out about clowns for a minute?
Did they pull him back a little bit?
They're, quote, mindful of the current climate
around clown signings in communities
and being thoughtful in respect
to Ronald McDonald's participation
in community events for the time being.
So your plan to make Ronald McDonald less terrifying
is to put him in the hole?
Hide him where we can't see him.
Put him in solitary for a few years?
We wanna be absolutely clear here.
Ronald's still there and he's everywhere,
but you won't see him anymore.
So enjoy, enjoy this.
Can I share something I just found
on the Ronald McDonald Wikipedia?
Yeah, please.
Everybody always talks about the,
oh, interesting fact, Willard Scott
played the original Ronald McDonald.
That's very, very interesting.
Back to back, 1975 to 1984,
and then 1984 to 1991,
Ronald McDonald was portrayed
by someone named King Moody.
All right.
Followed by Squire Fridell.
Excellent.
Are you shitting me?
I assume Squire Fridell worked for King Moody
as his squire.
This had to be, this was back to back,
King Moody followed by Squire Fridell.
Yeah, followed by Paige Johnson.
Right, like King Moody.
King Moody was fucking Ronald McDonald for nine years.
Yeah, and then they just took it away
because he-
They took his crown.
How about another question?
That sounds good to me.
Man, King Moody was also a man from Uncle Bonanza,
Bob Newhart Show, Chips,
Dragnet, Dismart, as Ronald McDonald.
There's a lot of product placement in those shows.
Okay, so here we go.
Okay, I just also wanted to let you know
that Ronald McDonald, King Moody,
Robert King Moody is his full name,
is the dad of William Moody,
better known as Paul Bearer.
Are you shitting me?
Get the shit out.
Are you fucking with me right now with this?
Star studded, star studded family.
The other day I bought some gum from Starbucks.
Once my coffee was gone,
I realized that I had left the pack of gum
back at Starbucks on the counter.
I didn't have a receipt,
and also it would be embarrassing
to go back just for a pack of gum.
I guess you didn't want gum that bad, huh?
Do you think it's okay for me
to just take one next time I'm there,
or would that be considered stealing?
And that's from Bad Breath because of forgotten gum.
This is one of those rare and wonderful circumstances
where stealing is better than the alternative.
We're just taking a thing is better than the alternative,
because the alternative is, hi,
I bought this last time, but I didn't get it,
so I'm gonna get it this time.
And then, I feel like you'll be immediately arrested for that.
If you steal and you get caught, you'll be arrested, right?
If you steal and you get caught, you'll be arrested, right?
Sort of Jean Valjean style,
like I need this gum for my family.
They breath, it stinks real bad.
They love xylitol.
Yeah, so I think you just gotta pocket this one.
And I think it's fine, because you paid last time.
And then if you get caught, you can explain the situation.
Morally, it's fine.
That will be a tough excuse to,
you won't get caught, you can't get caught.
Come on, really?
If you get caught, you deserve whatever you get.
It's an easy steal.
We're not as hardcore into stealing
as we were in earlier episodes.
We're all parents now,
and I don't think we can have the hard line on shoplifting,
which is pro, that we had.
Well, I got my bad bust,
and so I'm out of the lifting game.
Well, you got a bad bust?
I didn't know this.
Yeah, crate and barrel.
Yeah.
Crates or barrels?
Both.
I tried to shoplift a crate and a barrel at the same time.
Yeah, it was bad.
I tried to explain,
because they got me out of the door,
because I was carrying a big box made of wood,
and a big barrel made of wood,
and it was really heavy,
and so I was struggling and making a lot of noise.
A clamber, and I dropped the barrel,
and that made a lot of noise.
And then they got me at the door,
and they were like,
they said, actually, what the fuck do you think you're doing?
Which I don't think you're allowed to cuss,
and I did send a letter to the crate and barrel HQ,
try and get that person removed,
but I said I brought these here to get them serviced,
because I thought this was a crate and a barrel repair shop,
and I was turned away, and so I'm just taking them.
And they said, oh, go right ahead,
and then I walked out of the door,
and the barrel exploded.
It was full of C4, it was like a security measure,
so the barrel exploded.
And so that's how they got me.
Could you steal your pack of gum back one piece at a time?
Now I'm in.
Now you have my curiosity,
and now you have the rest of the quote from the movie.
Could you just slip a piece out of a packet,
and pop it in your mouth, and you get your gum?
And you didn't take a whole pack.
That's not even stealing, if you think about it.
One piece of gum.
Here's the thing, Justin,
you're gonna need a Rita Hayworth poster
to cover up the gum.
Yourself, your body.
To cover up your body and the gum,
and like a tiny gum pickaxe.
At Comic Con this year,
I'm cosplaying as a Rita Hayworth poster.
I wear it, and then during one of the live shows,
you'll be like, Griffin's been quiet for a while,
and then you move the poster,
and I will have slipped out from behind the chair.
And Griffin's just swimming through two miles of shit.
Last time I went to Starbucks, I did the drive-through,
and on the, it was like a little metal shelf
for you to put your card on and stuff.
Outside the drive-through window, on the metal shelf,
there was a basket that had in it stuff like gum,
and the Rice Krispie Treats, and maybe a nice biscotti.
Would you assume that those were complimentary?
They were on a shelf outside.
They're not cooling a pie out there.
I assumed they were complimentary.
Yeah, like when bookstores put the books outside
of the front door.
The ones they want you to steal, right, exactly.
I thought that was for stealing, and like I didn't try it,
but they confirmed for me that those were purchasable goods.
They're just trying to establish another point of sale there.
They're trying to establish a fucking bait car,
is what they're doing.
It's what it is, right?
Like Starbucks maybe has their head
on a pretty major swivel for theft.
I guess is what I'm saying,
is that's what gets him up in the morning,
is busting innocent people for stealing.
You could pretend you thought they were complimentary
if you get caught.
Oh God, that's so good.
You guys sell coffee.
I just thought this was part of the deal.
Oh, is this not for everyone?
So you just took a banana.
Well, yeah, you're fucking Starbucks.
Why do you have produce?
You tried to make $7 for a coffee.
And now we can now let's get into it,
because why are they charging so much
for this dang coffee at Starbucks?
It's a rich frame we've unearthed.
I can't believe we're the first ones to finally make it
to go through about how much Starbucks costs.
And what's the deal with their Christmas cups?
Yeah, go for it, Trav.
Not in my backyard.
Don't crack open the door to your skewed perspective
and then not throw that bad boy open
and let me look inside.
I might've used the wrong tone of voice
because I honestly was asking,
what is the deal with it?
I see people talking about it and I thought button issue.
What is it?
Yeah, if you go in there right now,
you can't find a single one.
Okay, cowards.
Yeah, war on Christmas, am I right?
The war on Christmas in July.
They're not satisfied by their one war.
They won a war on two fronts in two months.
What about summer Jesus?
You know what I mean?
When was summer Jesus born?
Do you think there would be a bigger conflict this Christmas
if their cups had said,
we fucking love Jesus,
the one true Lord and savior who came to earth
as a baby of virgin birth.
We're fucking crazy about him.
And if you don't believe him, you're gonna go to hell.
Check the cup, fuckers.
Where you saw the one pair of footprints on the beach.
That was summer Jesus.
That's where he hangs out.
He's always there getting beautiful tan,
learning how to boogie board to folks who need it.
Such a chill guy.
Should we go to the money zone
so we don't have to keep fucking stealing gum from Starbucks
and then maybe Travis will stop complaining about the prices?
Let's do it.
I would like to tell you about Squarespace.
Squarespace is an incredibly intuitive website design platform
that you don't need any special knowledge to use.
You don't need any kind of special training.
You can start today.
And I get like, this is not a joke,
no exaggeration, within the hour
you could have a website up and running.
I've done a bunch of websites on it already.
I actually just built one for a project
that me and some friends are working on here.
Took me like 45 minutes.
And it's not just your basic GeoCities kind of shit
with dancing hamsters and under construction signs.
This is like a sleek professional website
that you can plug in merchandise
and links to shit and buttons and pictures and slideshows
and email and your own domain.
All of these things.
It's incredible.
If you want to see an example of this,
you can go to mcroyshows.com that we built on Squarespace.
I made griffomcroy.com
and I really liked how easy it was to use
and I set up a contact page that I did recently have to,
it's on timeout because I did start to get
basically daily emails.
I don't know if this is a coordinated attack
from people who just wanted to talk about VOR
and not so much talk about,
but just sort of like yell at me about,
just sort of yell it, yell the subject at me.
So that one is on timeout,
but they do let you put up a contact page
that will get VOR spammed.
And Squarespace provides award-winning 24-7 support.
They have a unique domain experience.
It's fully transparent and easy to set up
and you can do a free trial right now
with 10% off your first purchase
by visiting squarespace.com slash my brother.
That's squarespace.com slash my brother.
I want to tell you all about Blue Apron
because I fucking love Blue Apron.
We've been using it for a little over a year now
and I learned how to cook.
I didn't know how to cook and I had Blue Apron
and now I know how to cook and I love cooking.
They send you for less than 10 bucks per person per meal,
they'll send you seasonal recipes
along with pre-portioned ingredients
that you can use to make delicious home-cooked meals.
I'm talking about stuff like seared chicken
and creamy pasta salad with summer squash and sweet peppers,
creamy shrimp rolls with quick pickles
and sweet potato wedges, fresh basil fettuccine pasta
with sweet corn and cubanelle pepper,
all kinds of amazing meals.
I seriously love this thing and you will too.
If you check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free with free shipping,
just go to blueapron.com slash my brother.
One more time, that's blueapron.com slash my brother.
We got some Jumbotron messages here
I'd love to share with y'all.
The first is from one of the guys
who brought you the True Tiles Kickstarter
comes heroeshored.com, that's H-E-R-O-S-H-O-A-R-D.com.
Head to Heroes Horde to buy beautifully rendered 3D tiles,
terrain and scenery for your tabletop or role-playing game.
Built by a lifelong D&D player,
these files let you pair old school gaming
with new school tech.
Buy and print the files you need
I bet it's supposed to be tiles.
I think it's probably supposed to be tiles.
What did I say?
Files.
It does say files in the copy,
but I think it's supposed to be tiles.
Well, you could understand my confusion.
But buy and print-
No, Justin, it says files.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not correcting you.
I'm correcting the copy.
I think it's tiles.
Buy and print the tiles or files,
whatever you want.
You can arrange them any way you like
to astound and confound your players.
Build the layout of your dreams with HeroesHorde.com
Can you spell it one more time?
Because both of those words could be spelled different.
H-E-R-O-S-H-O-A-R-D.com
That was beautiful.
That jingle was free.
Don't don't add us about jingles anymore.
Jingles are back.
Here's another personal message.
This one's for Cory Daniels.
And it's from Jacob Rich, who says
Readin' Garfield at the Elvis Warlock voice file.
We're not dancin' monkeys.
Are we going to fuck or what?
Griffin is.
Griffin is.
I'm really glad Griffin used the voice
because if he hadn't that would have been just upsetting
to just hear out of Griffin in like a flat voice.
Yeah, let me give you an alternate take.
I think the first take was good
and I think that's the one we're gonna go with.
But are we gonna fuck or what?
Thanks for being an awesome friend and mentor
and getting me a job.
Love, your buddy Jacob.
Or perhaps love your buddy Jacob.
Love him.
Love him, damn it.
We have one more Jumbotron.
This is for Kristen.
This is from Steve.
Happy New Year or Post-Valentine's Day day
or World Rat Day or Canada Day or Birthday
or Thanksgiving or Candle Nights
depending on when the McElroys read this.
Love you bunches.
I love that 94% of this message was spent dragging us
for how bad we are.
Not a good use of your hundred dollars.
I think it's a pretty good use
because I feel very small right now
and you did that.
Following the news is hard and it sucks.
How do you know which stories are important?
Which sources do you trust
in this post-truth world of reactionary journalism?
I'm Brent Black
and I'm Travis McElroy
and we host a podcast called Trends Like These.
We cover trending news stories.
We debunk misleading clickbait headlines
and we always try to throw in a little bit of good news
in our quest for truth.
So join us every week on MaximumFun.org
or wherever podcasts are found.
I mean, here's one.
Here's a Yahoo!
And this one is sent in by Kevin Budnick.
Thank you, Kevin.
It's Yahoo Answers user David who asks,
when was it proven that you can't breathe in space?
No additional details.
Huh.
I like this idea.
Buzz and Lance hop off the spaceship,
step on that man.
And Buzz just like immediately is like,
crack and like takes off the helmet
and he's like, all right, let's look.
Oh, no.
Oh shoot.
Hey, he puts it back on real quick.
He's like, Lance, don't, it's weird.
You know how normally you can?
Well, you can't.
I couldn't.
I put, I popped it off because,
and this is going to be,
I just realized how uncomfortable
this is going to be the whole time, Lance.
Griffin, are you saying Lance Armstrong?
I am, aren't I?
That's not him.
That's not it at all, it's Neil.
It was Neil who did it.
But Lance Armstrong did say he did.
Oh, me?
Fo sho.
I got up there, loved it.
Crazy about it.
Took my helmet off.
I was fine.
I was fine.
I don't know why all these other guys can't.
And that's how they got him.
I biked up to the moon.
People were like, yeah, yep, yep, yep.
Makes sense, makes sense.
He's like, got up there, popped off my stupid helmet
because I wanted to really relax and unwind up there
and have just like a lunar chill sesh.
And then I breathed just normal.
And they're like, wait a minute, Lance.
Jacuzzi.
Jacuzzi, I can't believe I fucked that up.
You did prove it though because everybody,
this is a fun fiction that I've just spun.
And it's also a fun fiction to say that Neil Armstrong did it.
But my question for all these space types
who've got their head in the clouds is,
has anybody ever really tried it?
Has anybody ever really tried it?
And how do we know that it didn't?
Yeah, maybe this is like a flat Earth situation.
Well, no, God, please, God, don't equate it to that.
Please don't put that on me.
Where everyone's just like, the Earth is flat.
The Earth is flat.
But until you test it is what I mean.
Oh, I see, I see, I see.
Because we just assumed, we just assumed.
We looked up at space and we said,
that seems hard to breathe in.
And we all nodded at each other.
And that was it.
That's as far as we went.
You're like, who's ever stood in a vacuum?
Because here's the thing.
Maybe you got in a vacuum for a second and you're like,
hard to breathe.
But what you didn't count on was rapid evolution.
Like when you pick up a fish and you throw it on land
and suddenly starts walking around because it has to.
It's got to.
And that's what survival of the fittest is.
Is like, you either fit or you don't.
You know what I mean?
Like you gotta get fit.
Like Slim Goodbody's head.
You gotta get fit or die.
During all of his talks about evolution.
Yeah, rapid evolution, please.
Rapid evolution, X-Men style evolution.
I wanna get Elon on the horn and just say,
send me up, crack my visor for a minute
and see because there's a lot of scientific method
says you generate a theory and then there's a control group
and that can be one of y'all.
And you can keep your fucking helmet on
because I guess you don't like to live on the edge.
And also we're trying to prove a scientific hypothesis.
And then I'll crack it for a second.
Try to get a few good deep lungfuls.
And maybe it happens, maybe it doesn't.
I'm just saying if we could all breathe up there,
I think we'd be up there already.
Well, I mean, look at this way.
Like I can't breathe underwater, but fish can.
You know what I mean?
So like the idea of like the way I breathe
is the way everything breathes.
Stinks, it's a shitty way of thinking.
Yeah, right?
Like I'm not going to limit,
I'm not gonna be that oxygen focused.
I'm gonna say that maybe there's other ways
of breathing out there.
And like maybe the way I breathe is right for me,
but it might not be right for some, you know?
I say make a plan and God laughs.
Maybe you're planning that you will be able to,
maybe you won't.
Maybe you should just go to space and see how it goes.
When God closes the door, he opens a window
and you are sucked out into that infinite inky vacuum.
It's like my tattoo says, just breathe, you know?
Just.
Peculiar travel suggestions are dancing lessons from God.
And so if I say to you, go up to space, check it out.
You might like it.
That's basically God speaking through me,
via Kurt Vonnegut into you, vis-a-vis dancing lessons.
Yeah.
From God through me.
So maybe you should just go up there
and fucking see how it goes, you know?
Yeah, explore like my other tattoo says.
Travis has got a lot of words on him.
I've got memento disease.
You know, the Lord works in mysterious ways
but most of the time through Justin.
How about another question?
Justin is God being manifest on earth.
It's weird about that.
It's weird but it's true and real.
I have just started regularly going to the gym
and I have a problem.
I don't really know when to leave.
Once I've done a bit of biking
and push some heavy things up and down,
I inevitably end up looking like a lost scared child
who doesn't know whether to stay and lift more
or just walk out.
I feel the buff eyes of my peers judging my indecision.
How can I know when it's time to pack my gym bag
and run away?
And that's from Indecisive in LA.
And I have a pretty easy answer for this one.
If you can lift more, you must.
When you're at the gym, you have to leave.
Take it from me.
When you're at the gym,
you have to leave it all on the tarp.
That they presumably spread out for the sweat.
Oh, they got to, right?
I've never been to one,
but please tell me there's a tarp.
Sometimes it's just old newspaper.
What else do they do with all their humors
that fall out during exertion?
Oh man, I hope there's a tarp.
I hear a lot about leg day.
So is it leg day?
Did you do that?
Then you should be okay.
If you didn't do it for leg day,
get back in there and leg day.
Like, do you even lift like my other tattoo says?
Jesus, Trev, you got to stop with these.
You got to stop getting these.
And I know I tried to talk you out of that 60 point, Pika,
but you just had to go for it.
Right across my butt cheeks.
What you're suggesting, Justin,
is that you just go until you're a stain on the bench.
Well, that's what I think, Griffin.
A true gym rat will tell you that you have to stay in the gym
until you're asked to leave by the gym staff.
Not because you're being disruptive or a problem,
but because they're worried about you.
It's like, hey, you've been here for three days.
You need to go home, see your family.
Maybe you can loudly announce as you're leaving,
like, they're out of weights.
I used them all up.
Bye, everybody.
I lifted them and lifted them directly into my mouth.
I gained their strength.
That's 20 more pounds of punching power.
This is what you do.
This is the thing that people do sometimes
where they're like lifting and they're grunting
and then they just like drop the weights on the ground.
And this is very disruptive because it's like,
there are people usually a floor underneath you
just trying to run on the treadmill and watch Judge Judy
and like you drop the weights
and make them feel like the world is collapsing.
It's not good.
So instead, gently set the weights down
and then just stand up straight,
look surprised like you just realized this fact
and yell, I'm done and walk out the front door.
That's pretty good.
You should probably also loudly announce an excuse
that will placate everyone in the gym
that is monitoring your movements.
So as you're leaving,
you scoop your bag over your shoulder,
say, hey guys, sorry, my Nana needs a ride.
And then like put on your sunglasses
and look over your other shoulder and be like,
Nana problems, you wouldn't understand.
And then go out the door.
You put on your sunglasses,
then you put on your Nana
after you put on your sunglasses, runner home Yoda style.
And that's also gonna get you sick gains.
That's gonna get you sick Nana gains.
And that's important.
You gotta get them everywhere you can.
What's the gym, I think it's Planet Fitness
where if you do grunt and drop the weights,
they actually like kick you out
cause they try to create like a jerk free environment.
I think it's Planet Hollywood.
I think it's Planet Hollywood.
You go and you crash,
you destroy some Schwarzenegger onion rings
and then you start pumping.
No, I think it's Planet Fitness
and that makes me never wanna go into a Planet Fitness
because I imagine if I go
and I do try to lift one of those big wonderful bars,
there would be a considerable amount of grunting
and probably some dropping involved.
And then the whole exercise will be cut off
before it really gets going.
Don't worry about it.
They have a chart that's like,
is the grunt like, oh, I did it.
Or is it like, oh, you fall down.
And if it's that second one,
you're good unless you've been injured
and then they will have several burly people carry you out.
I just imagine there's a lot of people doing
spinning and yoga laddies and stuff like that.
How I would, it would be very distracting for them.
The sort of sounds and visuals
that I would produce with one of those big wonderful bars.
Just a lot of like.
This is an interesting fact that I learned.
I read it on, today I learned on Reddit.
No one's ever died in a Planet Fitness
because if you start to die,
they just carry you outside past the parking lot
and set you down.
Oh.
Yeah, so like in all the.
Wait, no, I'm thinking of Disney.
Sorry, sorry, run that back.
I mean, for me,
the gym is the most wonderful place on earth.
So.
I call it my magic kingdom.
Well, thank God.
What?
Huh? Horses.
I want to munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Thank you to Jack for submitting this one.
This is big news, limited time.
Gotta get in there and get it.
Canada's birthday, 150th.
You're going to eat Canada?
No.
The sesquicentennial was on July 1st
and he was celebrating while Canadian original Tim Hortons.
Now, what are they doing in Canada?
I don't know, but they're forcing Canadian culture
down the gull, the wading mall of America
with some special items.
Now, one is maple Timbits.
They're bite-sized maple flavored donut holes.
So you can get some of those if you want.
Hey, no, Tim.
Tim, you can't sell a menu item called Tim's bits, Tim.
Timothy, you can't sell your bits, Tim.
All right, I want donut holes just empty space.
Come on down to Griffin's Pizza Zone and eat Griffin's nuts.
All right, Griffin, you can't though.
If you're sure.
Why do they call them donut fillers, right?
Because the hole's already in the donut.
I'm going to take this one.
I'm going to edit it right in after your Starbucks price discovery.
If I dug dirt out of a hole, I wouldn't point at the dirt
and say that's the dirt, that's the hole.
No, the hole is the empty spot I made.
Can I just get to my fucking thing?
Yeah.
The maple bacon ice cap.
That's a frozen coffee drink
topped with whipped cream, maple flakes, and bacon.
You with me so far?
Because we're about to take-
Don't make me complicit in this.
I don't want bacon floating around in my shit
like boba bubbles or whatever.
We're about to take a hard pivot here
as we stop on by the poutine donut.
This is a honey dipped donut with potato wedges,
gravy, and cheese curds for $1.49.
So you know how poutine's a thing?
Yeah.
And you know how donuts are a thing?
And you know how Tim Hortons thinks America
is a piece of shit, apparently?
They're going to just put the poutine on the donut
and then you pay them $1.49 and then you eat it.
And I bet it's dope.
It's only available for the month of July.
And what?
Who is perpetrating this?
Well, let's check in with Philippe Atied,
the EVP of Tim Hortons US.
At Tim Hortons restaurants,
we're proud of our Canadian heritage.
That's why you're putting it on a donut?
Sorry, that's me.
And we want to share a piece of that in the United States.
Our new Canadian inspired treats
are a great way for Americans to get in
on the 150th celebration of their friendly neighbor next door.
Do you really think that that's an acceptable way
of observing the sesquicentennial,
the sesquicentennial of, one of those is right,
Griffin just edited around it,
of Canada is eating a gravy and French fry covered donut?
Do you think that if you see a Canadian later,
you're like, hey, I got in on that celebration with you.
I ate the donut with gravy.
Here's the sad thing I know though, Justin,
is like we discuss it and in theory it's very troubling,
but there will be people, many people,
myself perhaps included that would see it
and kind of sigh and be like,
well, I guess I have to eat that now.
Yeah, it's that fucking double down response of just like,
ah, fuck, I mean, I have to.
Okay, fine, fuck.
I have a logistical question.
How do they get the potato wedges on a donut?
Because right now I'm sort of envisioning
sort of like the crown of the witch king of Angmar situation
of them just like pointing up like dangerous spires.
I am looking at a picture of it on a plate,
which is hysterical.
It will never be on a plate.
You may as well hand it to me over the counter into my mouth.
And it looks like it's just been dolloped on top
with all the like forethought
that the creation of this dish would imply.
I mean, it's a nightmare.
Also, I should mention in the press release on this,
sorry, this is a news story from the street.
It says, poutine originated in Quebec
and is typically French fries with cheese curds
and gravy on top.
Tim Hortons appears to be taking a leap of faith
by putting this 1950s dish on a donut.
Is it a leap of faith or is it pure unmitigated spite
for their garbage neighbors to the south?
Because that's what it feels like to me.
I feel like I've lost some measure of faith
after finding out that this is extant.
I would fuck it up though, damn it.
Yeah, yeah.
Damn it, damn these, damn it.
You win again, Canada.
Why do I love food pranks so much?
Why do I always fall for them?
Always fall for the stunt.
So folks, that is our show for this week.
We hope you've enjoyed yourselves.
Wanted to let you know, well,
we mentioned we're gonna be at Comic-Con,
so that's cool.
We hope to see you there.
If you're coming out to those shows,
specifically the MBMBAM show on Saturday,
please email us your questions,
mbnbam at maximumfund.org
and put San Diego question in the subject line
so we know where you're coming from.
I need lots of yahoos.
Also, if you can please send me some yahoos,
I would really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We also just put up pre-orders
for our new graphic novel,
The Adventure Zone,
based on the first arc of our other podcast,
The Adventure Zone.
The Adventure Zone here,
There'll Be Gerblins,
is available for pre-order right now
and we would love it if you would help us out
by getting over there and pre-ordering that.
You can go to theadventurezonecomic.com
and pre-order it there
and that would just be the best.
And thank you to everybody who already pre-ordered it.
We were the fucking number one book on Amazon,
which is the most wild fact
that has ever existed in the world.
I don't know that we ever really talk about Adventure Zone
that much on this show,
but we're in the finale now.
I think there's probably like two or three episodes left
and we're gonna be wrapping up.
If you haven't listened to it,
I don't know how much of a Venn diagram
I'm talking to right now,
people who listen to this show
and have not listened to Adventure Zone.
I'm so proud of what it has turned into
and I would encourage everybody to go and give it a shot.
It starts out with us just kind of playing D&D
and not understanding the rules
and it's turned into something that is the creative endeavor
that I am most proud of,
of anything in my whole life.
So please go give it a listen if you haven't tried it out.
You got like a month to catch up before the finale
and it's probably gonna be popping off on a major way.
So don't let yourself be spoiled.
Just get over and listen to all of the Adventure Zone.
There's an episode 1.5
that's like a shorter version of our pilot
that Travis put together
that is like an easier way to onboard.
And then around like episode five or six
is where it sort of takes off into its own thing.
So yeah, go give it a listen.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Go check that one out.
Also, thank you to Maximum Fun for having us.
There's a bunch of great free shows on MaximumFun.org
that you should go listen to.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Dead Pilot Society and Tights and Fights
and One Bad Mother and a bunch of great stuff.
And if you wanna hear more stuff that we do,
you can go to McElroyShows.com.
All of our podcasts and videos
that we do at Polygon are right there.
Great, and we have one more question
to sort of ruminate on in the coming week.
Griffin, if you would be so kind.
Yeah, sure.
This one's sent by Brooks Oglesby.
Thank you, Brooks.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Heather Helm asks,
did Nostradamus really write something
about Gangnam Style getting a billion hits?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
