The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's another opening, another show.
I'm Justin McElroy, and I'm your oldest brother.
I'm Travis McElroy, and I'm living for this limelight, and I'm your middle-est brother.
And I'm a Broadway baby, coming down to walk the streets,
check out my baby feets, I'll be in the show.
Anyway, I'm Griffin McElroy, I'm a Broadway baby, and it's time.
Boys, the calling has harkened once again. The clarion calls calling us back up to the big stage,
isn't it, boys? I tried to walk away, but that old phantom of the opera's pulling me back in.
That fucking phantom's got the lasso. Sing to me.
We've been watching this show, Encore, on the Disney Plus network. It's on TV.
It's the one with Baby Yoda in it. Maybe you've seen this green guy. Everyone loves him.
And in it, they make old people.
There's just no way.
There's no way to talk about it without using pejoratives, but they're not young folks,
but they used to, and when they were-
They used to be, thank you, Griffin, you were about to say that, but it's such a good point.
Let's not gloss over that.
When they were that, they did high school theater productions of Oklahoma, of Annie Get Your Gun,
of whatever, and now Disney and Kristen Bell, Kristen Bell has a gun.
Kristen Bell's complicit, 1,000%.
She's holding the gun, and she says, hey, older folks, now you're gonna go do Annie again.
And Annie from Annie is like, I'm 45. I can't sing, I can't, this guy can't be a character
whose first name is Daddy because he's an adult, and he runs a Brazilian jujitsu dojo here in town,
so he can't do that.
Griffin has twice now mentioned that they are older folks, and the thing is, that's not us,
that's not a judgment call on us.
It is the whole point of the show that these are people who are at least two decades removed
from high school doing high school production.
And they used to be young, and they get a high school musical, not high school musical,
but a musical in high school.
No, musical high school has its own show over there.
High school musical has high school musical, the musical musical high school,
and that's a different thing on Disney+.
This is encore where Kristen Bell at gunpoint forces adults to revive shows
in like five days that they did as teens.
Now, why do I say at gunpoint?
That's not just me writing fan fiction.
It is unfathomable to me.
Un-fucking- I don't care if Princess Anna showed up in her Rolls-Royce and said,
get in the car, we're doing Wizard of Oz again.
I don't give a shit.
No, no, absolutely not.
For TV?
Are you fucking with me?
Not for a prize.
This isn't a competition.
You don't win fuck all.
This is a show, and I say this, no, I don't say it with love.
This is a show that trades on burned out stars.
It trades on adult sadness because the point of the show is,
wouldn't it be great to relive your glory days
of Annie get your gun from high school?
And people are like, yes, please.
I will leave my job for a week.
I will ignore my children
so that I can remount my high school production
of your good man, Charlie Brown or whatever.
Unfathomable.
There's a couple that broke up and the young woman in the couple,
her name in high school was Amy, A-M-Y,
and she dated this guy who said it would be kind of cute and funny
if she changed the spelling to A-M-E-I-G-H.
That is on her medical diploma
because she's an OB-GYN who now goes by that name
that that guy in high school gave her.
P.S. not over it in any way, shape or form.
They're back in the mix, back in the show.
They're so deep in the stink again,
and she tells the director this story
and the director, sweet director,
sweet Broadway director has to be like,
oh, well, that's a, he must have really left an impact.
Oh, no.
This boy has Broadway sparkles in his eyes again.
Gotta get on this show.
I will gladly kneel before Kristen Bell
and give my life up under her hands and I'll be-
What show, Griffin, would you wanna-
Well, I still remember all the fucking colors
in Joseph's super jacket.
Oh, really?
Because I was in that show
and I can't remember a goddamn one.
I couldn't remember them then.
Well, Travis, it's red and blue and yellow and green
and blue and indigo and violet and-
I think ochre was in there?
And ochre and white.
Ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre, ochre.
And white.
And so much of it ochre.
I, you know what?
There's a big ochre patch right in the middle.
Moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, moth.
Moth, moth, moth, moth, moth, oker.
Speaking of okers, I think it would be fun
if I was like, hey Kristen, I wanna do Shrek Again
where I got to play Shrek.
And she'd be like, is that true?
Shrek Again is the movie about when Shrek dies
and they send him back to Earth to be Shrek one more time.
Yeah, I love that flick.
You know what I dream out?
I dream out the time my high school drama teacher
made us do an episode of Friends for a drama project.
Yeah, I'd like to see that, I think.
I think I'd dream out that,
or maybe the same teacher in the same class
made us do an episode of Will and Grace as a drama project.
That might be, that might be a good one.
Are you doing a pre-sale on tickets, Travis?
Cause I do not wanna miss this.
Or I could do that time I did a monologue
based on cut together parts from Fight Club.
Oh, Trev, I need to be in the front row for,
I need to be in the splash zone for that one, please.
So go ahead and snag me a couple comps.
You got it.
Have you ever wondered what the rules of Fight Club are?
Wonder no more.
I would probably remount that time
that I did a staged lip sync to Sweet Home Alabama
while wearing a flannel shirt
and with a little bendel over my shoulder
with a cardboard sign that said Next Stop Alabama.
And I think I would remount that powerful,
Now I'm sorry, Justin, that was in college.
You can't.
Written and directed by Forrest Gump
from the hit soundtrack, Forrest Gump.
And I would love to remount that thing
where I would pace back and forth on stage
for three minutes with my fucking arm out.
Just, I didn't, hey, and also was in high school,
didn't understand literally anything I was saying.
Neal who?
No idea.
What or what?
Can't imagine, no clue.
Very good, very good.
Anyway, this is the last episode.
We're all about to go Broadway babies,
so let's send them out in style.
That's great, I'm ready.
Are you guys ready?
I'm ready.
I've become a great lover of craft breweries over the years
and with this interest,
I've collected some really neat drinkware
to enjoy my fancy beers.
I have even recently gotten a job at a shop
that sells drinking horns, pewter tankards,
and every manner of beer glass.
My question is, how douchey is it
if I bring my own cool drinkware
to other people's houses for me to use?
I feel silly drinking from a horned skull mug at home
as if I'm putting on a show for myself.
Would my host think that their glasses
aren't good enough for me?
I just want to use my fun cups.
I am in my mid-20s and a female ailing in Austin.
Interesting, okay.
If you feel silly doing it at home,
my rule of thumb for most stuff,
if you feel like a real goober at home,
that's not going to be reduced
by doing it in front of other people
because when you're in front of other people,
it's like being alone with an audience.
Yeah, I guess, Griffin,
but that doesn't hold true of things like, say,
I don't know, karaoke,
which would be, I think, weird to do by yourself
and totally acceptable to do with friends
or, say, a conversation or ping pong.
There's lots of things that if you do by yourself,
it's okay to feel silly.
Opening Christmas presents.
Listen, listen.
This person is hovering in between.
They're both aware and unaware at the exact same moment.
It's a quantum impossibility.
Listen to this bit.
I feel silly drinking from a horned skull at home
as if I'm putting on a show for myself.
Okay, interesting.
Let's stop for a second.
Let's pick up stakes.
Kristen Bell shows up.
Get in the car.
We're taking this show to your friend's house.
See, if you do it for other people,
then you're putting on a show for them.
It is a show about this cool cup that you have.
Yes, this is true, Justin,
because this is, let's scale this back
and instead of saying a horned mug,
let's just say a fun coffee mug that you picked up,
a novelty coffee mug.
As soon as you start walking it around, say, an office,
trying to get people to notice
how interesting your mug is, now it's an issue, right?
But if you just have a fun mug that makes you happy
that you drink out of, that's fine, right?
Let's, okay, we're gonna get lost
if we go step by step
through every imaginable drinking apparatus.
I think we can all agree on bringing your own drinkware
to someone else's house is pretty fucking wild.
Yeah, you can't do that.
It's wild.
It doesn't matter what it is.
Because that would not extend to anything.
I brought my own chair.
Like, no, you go to the person's house.
I would appreciate that.
Actually, that would be nice.
Well, maybe if they ask you to bring a folding chair,
like if it's an outdoor thing.
But you come to the house, you use the thing.
Here's what I would suggest.
Have people over to your house
where your fun drinkware is for a fun drinkware party
and get used to the idea
that this fun drinkware is practical, is usable,
is something everyone can enjoy.
Or-
I think you're gonna be thrilled
by the way that your relationship
with this drinkware changes
when you have to stand over the fucking sink
for an hour washing all of it.
Yeah, because none of it's dishwasher safe.
This horn is fun.
Fucking get my arm,
get my little scrub daddy in there for 20 minutes,
getting all the nooks and crannies of the cornucopia.
You could also, when you're over at your friend's house,
just keep dropping glasses, shattering them.
And then you say, these glasses aren't horn shaped.
The horn shape is designed-
I thought you were gonna say these special glasses
until you have no choice but to say,
listen, I have cool drinkware at home.
I'll be right back.
That's what I thought you were gonna say too.
I drop my glass sideways really hard
into all your other glasses.
So now it's time for the horns.
Oh, you could just bring your own horn to the party,
but don't use it,
but tuck it in the back of their drinkware cabinet.
And then the next time you go there for a party,
say, oh, I'll just use this glass
and pull it out from the back of their cabinet.
And they'll say, I don't remember that being ours,
but it is in our cabinet, so go for it.
Yo, if somebody's over at my house
and they pull out a drinking horn
from a secret cupboard in my kitchen,
I will swat it out of their hand
because it's almost certainly some sort of demon's curse.
Oh, that's true.
And you cannot convince me otherwise.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
Yahoo?
Yeah, I got one here.
It was sent in by the prospector Merritt Palmer.
Thank you.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm going to call them Puma.
Where are my Pumas?
Socks. Not thick.
Not my shoes.
Anyway, Puma asks,
how to win every time, no matter what, on chess.
I'm tired of getting checkmated.
The game would be so much more fun for me
if I was able to win no matter what move my opponent makes.
The possibility of me getting checkmated
makes the game super boring,
but knowing how to win no matter what
will make it fun for me.
Well, I'm going to give away my big secrets here.
Okay, okay, listen.
I have never-
Let me do your thing.
Hold on, let me do the Travis Chess Corner theme song
one second.
One night with Travis and you'll be good at chess.
He's got the moves and he'll show them to you.
Thank you.
He's a special chess master like Bobby Fischer.
And if you watch out, then he'll fish you too.
Cincinnati, Midwestern City.
Oh, sorry, go ahead, Travis.
So I've never lost at chess ever in my life.
And do you know why?
Because I don't worry about winning or losing.
I worry about intimidation.
Because if you intimidate the other person,
you'll never lose even if they beat you, right?
Because you might, the pieces on the board
might tell one story,
but the experience is going to tell another.
They won't remember who took who's king,
but they'll remember that you were pretty scary
there at the table,
and they're not going to want to mess with you again.
That's how I win at chess.
It's a mental game. You're talking, of course.
Not of the ending,
but of the victory of playing a beautiful game.
Indeed, Justin, indeed.
Indeed, a beautiful chess.
When you move the knight and the other person says,
ah yes, I had hoped you would.
And no one cares whose knight they are.
It is a dance at that point,
black and white intermingling
in what we in the chess industry call the beautiful game.
Indeed, indeed.
And maybe you knock the board over.
You could also flip that shit.
That's not-
You flip the board and you yell,
the game's over, I win.
Maybe, while you stab a big pin in their leg.
I've destroyed the beautiful game.
It was too beautiful.
And I also think I might've gotten you in the tendon.
Are you okay?
I got you in the tendon,
but it was worth it to witness my destruction
of the beautiful game.
And then you eat, maybe not the king,
cause that's too on the nose,
but like a bishop, eat a bishop.
It's all about, if you really wanna win every time,
there's no-
Every time.
There's no rule baked in to the chess bylaws.
On a tournament level, you're gonna have a hard time.
If you go up against Magnus
or whatever the hell that guy's name is,
you're probably not gonna do good.
But against any other Joe Schmoe off the street,
if you're, you do it Monopoly style, baby.
This is Laser King.
This is Laser King.
What's that?
Oh, that's how we play it in my house.
Laser King?
Yes.
And also, you're gonna have a hard time believing this,
but there is no rule in the book
that says that a dog can't play chess.
So you could do that.
Yes, yes.
You could have him challenge your dog
and then say, oh, well, it plays by dog rules.
When you start losing,
have your golden retriever, Peppa, run over
and take their king with their mouth.
And you say, oh, game, game, set, match.
Because it doesn't say in the rules that,
hey, respect my dog.
Yep.
Shoot a rubber band at their queen.
Yes.
And if you get her, that's it.
That's it.
Maybe seduce their queen.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah.
Aw, dude.
It doesn't always have to be violent, you know?
Sometimes it can be the beautiful game of seduction.
Down, you're down some points.
Read your pawn from the Bible.
It turns into a bishop.
It evolves like a Pokemon.
Yep.
Get your pawn a horse.
Boom, that's a knight, baby.
Take another one, take a knight to the iron church
or the gymnasium.
Have them pump some iron.
Now they're a fucking rook, baby.
And maybe they get checkmate
and they do you in, dirty.
And they're like, you have lost the game.
And you're like, uh-oh, look over there.
And your queen and a bishop are boning down.
And now that's the king.
Right.
Ooh, when they take your king, say,
oh, joke's on you, this is a matriarchy.
And then your queen zips in.
Oh, that's good.
And your king kills their king.
They take out your queen.
You reveal that one of your pawns is the queen.
It's a Padme situation.
Yes.
Eat shit.
Yes, they take your king and you have them arrested
because killing kings is illegal.
You can't kill kings.
That's called assassination, my friends.
And it will not be allowed.
It's the year of our Lord 2019.
You can't just kill a king and get away with it.
You're going to the Hague.
That is a good, this won't help you win necessarily.
But when someone gets you in checkmate,
what they're saying, this, you know,
Shammat, right?
It comes from the Persian, the king is helpless.
So what they're saying is, that's it, I've trapped your king.
I think you should be like, come on, motherfucker.
If you think you're so fucking tough,
let's do fucking, you say the king is helpless,
let's fucking see.
You don't know my king.
You don't know what he's capable of.
I've got the fucking Stallone.
This is the first blood king.
He's taken all your dudes.
If you think the king is helpless, Shammat,
come on, motherfucker, let's go.
You should just take a finger,
place it on top of your king,
push him down real hard, real hard,
until he burrows below the board.
Yes.
Oh, did you have him trapped?
Or was there an escape tunnel?
By the way, this isn't even the king,
it's a pod-may situation.
Nice.
It's 2019, have him airlifted out.
Oh, he's trapped.
Okay, well he calls in his air force
because he's a fucking king,
and it's going to get him over here to safety.
And now he's surrounded by a secret service.
When I was in, I have another question.
When I was in fifth grade,
I fell out of the bleachers at morning assembly.
Oh, man.
I was afraid of people laughing at me.
So when I got to the bottom,
I pretended that I was dead.
Oh, man.
Jesus, this worked.
The kids did not laugh at me.
But then I had to go to the hospital
and get many tests taken.
Oh, my God.
I never told my family the truth,
and to this day,
they believe that I have a serious fainting issue,
and it is now and forever listed in my medical history.
Oh, my God.
How can I come clean and tell my family
that I faked my own death to avoid embarrassment?
That's Lauren from Kentucky.
Oh, Lauren.
This is a lot, Lauren.
That's a lot, Lauren.
That's a whole heck of a lot.
My brothers might disagree with me, Lauren,
but you're in too deep now.
Why have you waited this long to come clean?
You can't come clean now.
You're in too deep.
Why would you come clean now?
Oh, because the guilt?
You've lived for this long?
You gotta just, Lauren.
No, this is a very, very high stakes
Boy Who Cried Wolf situation,
where, you know, what if you beef it?
And they're like, oh, that's just Lauren fainting again.
Yeah, what if you have an actual fain?
Then they're just gonna leave you there.
What?
Wait, hold on, boys.
If they believe, if Lauren's family believes
Lauren has a fainting condition,
and then Lauren faints,
you think they're gonna go,
that's just Lauren being Lauren,
and leave Lauren fainting on the ground?
I guess, no, that's a, I mean, that's a fair point.
I'll probably carry Lauren to safety.
Oh, Lauren.
Well, she just faints sometimes.
Lauren, this is rough stuff.
You gotta say something.
You gotta get this one done.
Lauren, don't listen to us.
Do this thing.
Stand up, and stand in your truth, and say,
cause it'll, maybe for them it'll be a funny story.
Unless they have had to, you know,
unless they have catered to you
in some sort of special way for your entire life,
which I, you know, I hope is not the situation.
They carry pillows around you all the time.
Yeah, that would not be ideal.
I think you gotta get out in front of,
well, not in front of, on top of this one.
You should stand up at the next family gathering,
and say, hello, everyone, I have big news.
I cured my fainting disorder by eating organically.
Yes.
Amazingly enough, by eating only organic foods,
I cured my fainting issue,
and I would like to do sort of a speaking tour about it.
I guess that kind of gets even deeper in the line,
doesn't it? Yeah, it does juice out.
Just kind of just another layer,
cause then you gotta eat organically all the time.
It's even worse.
Hey, Lauren, I just saw you eat at Twinkie.
Are you gonna be okay?
Travis, you wanna know something weird?
When I was thinking of the next step of that joke,
Twinkie was gonna be my food,
as well, I guess that's the least organic, I guess.
Yes, I would say so.
I think the plastic that wraps the Twinkie
is more organic than the Twinkie itself.
But listen, if the makers of Twinkie are listening,
I do love them.
Yeah, huge fans over here.
Know thyself, you know?
Lauren, take their asses to Applebee's,
and just say it, because it's rough stuff.
I like, this is one of a subcategory of questions
that I always enjoy, which is questions
where the subtext is,
PS, my family and anyone who knows me
will never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever
listen to your podcast.
Cause there's no way, there's no way
someone's listening to this,
and they're like, a Lauren from Kentucky
that fainted on the bleachers in fifth grade
and almost died?
There's no way that there is another one of those.
So you're basically also saying,
you've limited yourself as a point of origin
for sharing this show.
You'll never be able to share the show with your family.
And that's really the bigger tragedy,
if you think about it.
How about another Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd like that Trav, thanks.
Oh, you're Griffin.
Wow.
Why'd it just happen?
I just did the wrong one.
I did the wrong one.
You said the wrong dang one of us, didn't ya?
Oh boy, I get, there's a lot of you guys.
That's fair.
Whenever someone is in Huntington
that is not like a close friend of the family,
I always know, because when they come to greet me,
they're like, Mr. McElroy, it's like, oh fuck you.
Say it, say my name, say my first name,
say which one I am, say which one I am.
Jareth.
Michelle sent this one in, thanks.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Jordan, who asks,
is there a not weird way to wear a pocket watch
with modern day casual clothes?
I prefer to be always wearing a t-shirt
and will never be seen in casual attire in public
without a full zip hoodie, even in the summer,
and I wanna wear this really cool pocket watch I have.
Any ideas that don't look weird
or make anyone conversing with me think,
well, look at this weirdo, or something of that nature?
Hang it off the zipper.
That could be a look, right?
Yeah, Justin. The zipper of the jacket?
Yeah, yeah, if you attach it directly to your hoodie zipper,
is that something?
Well, yeah, and then when it's zipped all the way up,
depending on the length of the chain,
maybe it's just like-
Replace the string that tightens the hood with the chain.
That would be a look, right?
That would mean something.
It would be something.
It would be something.
The problem is, Justin, you would need
either a second pocket watch or some sort of counterweight,
some sort of ballast to keep the chain
from being just ripped from the hoodie.
So maybe, and maybe this is good,
this is our all-day carry,
and this, Justin's just opened up
a lot of exciting cargo opportunities,
some very exciting sort of Death Stranding play
we can get into right here.
On one side of my hoodie chain,
I've got my pocket watch, of course,
because I don't wanna be late for any of my appointments.
Plus, you never know who you have to hypnotize.
Exactly.
Hanging from the other side perfectly
weighs exactly as much as my pocket watch.
I could have, you know, a gigapet.
I could have, you know, a phone battery.
I could have some lifesavers.
A sandwich.
Sandwich would be,
I think it's gotta be fairly non-perishable.
A big knife.
A big knife, Travis, that's cool.
Sheathed or unsheathed?
Loose.
That's a loose knife.
A loose swing of knives.
And when you walk in a room, you can say,
it's cutting time.
It's cutting time.
Let me check my watch.
Yeah, it's cutting time.
That's good. It's cutting time.
I love questions that have fun jump-offs for improvisation.
Right now, is our bit just naming things
that weigh about as much as a pocket watch?
Cause I feel like we could be on this merry ground
for quite some time.
Just keep the pocket.
Don't attach the chain to anything.
Put it in your pocket, loose.
And then if you need to look at the time,
you grab the end of the chain
and you slowly draw it out of your pocket.
Then you hold it up in front of your face.
You look at it.
Then you put the whole thing back in your pocket.
Make it a show.
Make it a thing.
Leave it loose in your pocket with your keys and wallet
and just wait until you go through a metal detector.
And have three other pocket watches in each pocket.
You have anything else metal?
I mean, are pocket watches metal?
Oh, I got a few of those.
Wait, is this one?
What about this one?
Is metal the hard stuff from trees?
Or, I can't even remember.
Is that the cave stuff or is it the tree stuff?
Let's take a quick break.
Okay.
I'm sorry, do you have another joke
about things that weigh as much as pocket watches?
Another pocket watch.
Oh, a compass.
Okay, yeah, no, let's go money zone.
The compass thing really landed.
On the leath-o-meter.
Our first sponsor this week is Squarespace.
If you have a big idea, don't sit on it.
Don't keep it in your heart.
Get it out there into the world unless-
Ow!
Sorry, I sat on my big idea.
Unless it could hurt other people.
Oh, I see.
Folks, please don't harness the incredible power
of Squarespace with its ability to showcase your work,
sell products and services of all kinds,
or promote your physical or online business.
Do not harness this to do wicked in the world.
This is a plea from us.
This technology's too powerful, folks.
They got beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers,
analytics to help you grow in real time,
and nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
And if you use that as a tool to destroy those around you,
people are gonna get hurt, folks.
This is serious.
Stop goofing around with Squarespace in a reckless way.
I beg of you, and the entire internet begs you.
Please, check your heart, say your prayers,
consult with your priest,
and then go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch,
and you're fucking sure that this is not gonna hurt
people you care about or just innocent bystanders,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Squarespace.
Fucking be careful.
Squarespace is partnered with a third-party group
called Shitbomb, and the other day I tweeted,
who lives on the internet, on my PC,
shit, bob, square, space,
and I feel like it didn't get enough attention.
So I just wanted to drop that in here in the episode.
This has been another segment of Travis's goofs
that didn't land on,
Travis's Secondhand Goof Shelter.
Hey, this is a gently used goof.
For 25 cents a day, you can adopt one of Travis's
failed Twitter goofs.
Keep it out of the rain and storm
of not being especially good.
I figure if I brawl in the audience, I'll find the target.
I wanna tell you about Quip.
What you got in that mouth?
Teeth, tongue, the tip of the lips.
Nope, that's outside of the mouth,
but Quip is gonna handle all the inside stuff.
Seriously, what's on there?
Look at your teeth.
Now look at my teeth.
See the difference?
It's because I Quip, I Quip, baby.
I have good brushing habits because of Quip,
and if you have bad brushing habits, what?
With your plaque, if you've got little bugs in there,
little, if you've got dirt and sticks in your teeth,
then Quip is gonna help you get good brushing habits
in the new year, or probably, if you have dirt and bugs,
probably start immediately.
Anyway, it's a thoughtful and practical gift.
It's an electric toothbrush.
They got refillable floss and toothpaste with Quip now,
and it helps you make your good habits real simple.
It's got sonic vibrations and a timer with 30-second pulses
to guide your routine, and they have this floss dispenser
that has pre-marked strings,
so you always use the exact right amount,
and they'll deliver Brush Head's floss and toothpaste refills
every three months for you.
So there's over three million happy customers,
so maybe get some holiday gifts with Quip.
Just go to getquip.com slash my brother to save on gift sets
and to get your first refill pack for free
with a refill plan.
That's your first refill free
at getquip.com slash my brother,
getquip.com slash my brother.
Hey, if you like your podcast to be focused
and well-researched and your podcast host
to be uncharismatic, unhorny strangers
who have no interest in horses,
then this is not the podcast for you.
Again, what's your deal?
I'm Emily.
I'm Lisa.
Our show's called Baby Geniuses.
And its hosts are horny adult idiots.
We discover weird Wikipedia pages every episode.
We discuss institutional misogyny.
We ask each other the dumbest questions,
and our listeners won't stop sending us pictures
of their butts.
We haven't asked them to stop, but they also aren't stopping.
Join us on Baby Geniuses.
Every other week on MaximumFun.org.
Can I derail the show with a special segment?
Yeah. Sure.
I need complete silence.
Come and sit with me now in the candlelight.
Yeah, this Christmas we're gonna do right.
Hang some lights on the tree.
Yeah, that's a Christmas to me.
Put your arm around the fire.
Yeah, I don't want any more, no.
Yeah, you're calling me a liar.
But I'm gonna go out for a jog.
That's a Christmas to me.
You and me and her and a tree.
Running about birds and the bees.
That's a Christmas to me.
So this is my new segment, That's a Christmas to Me.
Thank you to Adam Sakiyama for that lovely orchestration.
This is That's a Christmas to Me,
a haunting segment that I'm looking forward
to sharing with you guys.
I can't wait to see you.
I can't wait.
I need something to fill me with the fricking spirit.
Here's the way this game works.
I'm going to read to you three hallmark Christmas movies,
synopses, casts, titles.
Two of them are real films.
One of them comes from my mind's eye.
Now for anyone, maybe this is your first time
hearing the segment, Griffin and I have historically
been very bad at this game.
Or one could argue, I am very good.
Okay.
And by I, I mean.
Sydney.
My wife, Sydney.
Yes.
And also to a lesser extent, me.
Here we go.
A Charming Christmas.
Tiffany, Lori Loughlin, has made a name for herself,
crafting the most intricate and sought after holiday
themed charms at the Carlsberg Bracelet Company.
When Mr. Carlsberg decided to move on,
Tiffany assumed she'll move into the top spot.
That is until David, Gabriel Hogan,
is brought on to modernize Carlsberg's operations
by mass producing the charms that the company
has been hand making for over a century.
David is tasked with learning Tiffany's craft,
which he realizes may be harder to replicate
than he first thought.
As the deadline for Christmas production looms
and sparks fly, the pair realize there may be a way
forward they never anticipated,
both for the company and each other.
God.
Damn, that's good.
It's called A Charming Christmas.
That's very good.
Hats off to Christmas.
Mia, Haley Duff, the loyal and hardworking manager
of her small town's Christmas hat shop,
her small town's Christmas hat shop is blindsided
when her boss of over 10 years asks her to train
his son, Nick Antonio Cupo, for a vacant
upper management position that Mia had been coveting.
Though Nick is a handsome, successful New York
business consultant, Mia finds training him frustrating
until Nick takes an interest in Mia's son, Scotty.
Shawn Michael Kyre, helping Scotty
with a pumpkin carving contest.
However, Mia's faith in Nick quickly diminishes.
Wait, a pumpkin carving contest?
A pumpkin carving contest?
Quickly diminishes when Nick fails to show up
at the contest.
To protect her son from further disappointment,
Mia tries to keep Nick out of her and Scotty's
fragile life, and Nick must decide if staying
in the small town of Wilsonville is worth giving
up the big city perks he once had in New York.
As Mia struggles to find a way to convince Scotty
to return to physical therapy so he can walk again,
she soon realizes that Nick may be the Christmas
miracle she has been waiting for.
That is called Hats Off to Christmas.
Oh wow.
That's for sure.
Juice, I think the world of you and Sydney,
that one's real because your two minds' eyes
are not capable of generating something like that.
I agree with, from the start, you say Haley Duff
and immediately I'm like, that's not a Justin
and Sydney poll.
That's Earth.
That's life did that to us.
Best Christmas party ever.
Jeannie Stanton, Tori DeVito, throws the best
Christmas parties every year for her company,
Petra's Parties.
Things are a little different this year as Petra
is retiring and looks to the next generation
to take over.
Jeannie thinks that she has her new job in the bag
until Petra's charismatic nephew Nick, Steve Lund,
shows up as seasonal help and his natural talent
and confidence clashes with Jeannie's team,
stern work ethic, and traditional values.
The pair battle it out for the top job with
unmistakable chemistry and symmetry,
but when the new owners of the legendary Terrell's Toys
put the bottom line before Christmas spirit,
threatening to pull the plug on Terrell's Toys'
annual Christmas party for the community,
Jeannie and Nick are forced to work together
to throw the greatest Christmas party ever.
The first and third movies are the same movie.
They're all three the same movie.
They're all three about a talented woman
being displaced by an unqualified man.
Am I correct?
And by all three, we mean literally every movie
on the Hallmark service.
Yes, well, yes.
Well, there's time travel ones, too.
Yeah, you're right.
I have my answer.
To remind you, the titles are A Charming Christmas,
Hats Off to Christmas, and Best Christmas Party Ever.
I will count to three, and then you two
will both say the title of the fake film.
One, two, three.
A Charming Christmas.
Oh, boy.
Continuing his streak, Griffin McElroy, you have done it.
A Charming Christmas is a fake film.
King of Games.
Fake film.
Best Christmas Party Ever is real,
and Hats Off to Christmas is incredibly real.
Hey, Hats Off to Christmas, you can't have
a pumpkin carving contest in the fucking shit.
I almost cut it.
This is, honest to God, I almost didn't include it
in the synopsis because it's like, well, they'll fucking know.
I mean, I know not to do that, but they didn't know
not to do that.
Also, you can't six sentences in be like,
oh, by the way, the kid might never walk again,
and this dude didn't show up for his pumpkin carving contest.
Like, okay.
Maybe the guy thought it was a joke.
Well, certainly.
No, it's December.
I thought you were kidding.
It's December.
There's no way there's a pumpkin carving contest.
You can't get pumpkin.
Everything's snow now.
What are you talking about?
I literally couldn't buy a pumpkin now if I wanted to.
If I wanted to, I could not buy a pumpkin.
Did you get a bunch and save them for two months?
No, they're all soft and gushy.
The perfect time to carve them.
They're really easy to carve.
Thank you, Justin, for this gift, and thank you, Sydney.
It's a kind gift.
How about another question?
Yes.
Is that where we're leaning?
Okay.
I'm a college student with a drawing professor
that's really, really into Crocs.
He wears Crocs in the class and has an Instagram
dedicated to showcasing different Crocs slash Croc-related memes.
As a thank you present at the end of the semester,
our class has contemplated purchasing him a pair of white Crocs,
signing our names with a permanent marker,
and presenting them as a gift.
That's nice.
However, none of us know what shoe size he wears.
What's a non-creepy way to find someone shoe size
without also obviously revealing you're about to buy them plastic shoes?
That's from Covert Crocs in Kansas.
We will get to the nugget of the question in a second,
but if I may question asker,
if you're going to be signing them,
do you need to get them in the professor's shoe size?
Do you think he's going to wear them?
You have imagined a reality in which this guy's like,
everybody check the kicks.
Signed by all my studiantes.
So sweet, beloved.
Anyway, let's mosh.
Anyways, time for some frolf.
Anyways, I now pronounce you man and wife.
Anyways, I'm going to miss my grandma very much.
Ashes to ashes and all that, let's rock.
Crocs life.
Croc life.
Could you, for an earlier holiday of some sort,
get your professor a Brannock device and have just say like,
yeah, use it.
He puts his foot in it to measure it right then and there.
And he's like, I'm going to use this, I guess.
It's a bad plan.
Did you look up what it's called?
A Brannock device?
You just knew that?
Everybody knows that, Travis.
What am I going to call it?
A shoe measuring tool?
Yeah.
Travis, I'm very literate and I don't even have a keyboard.
So how would I search the name of such a device, Travis?
Oh, you're right.
Wait a second.
I don't, Trav.
Have a keyboard.
I just wait for the internet to show me stuff.
You know me.
The oracle.
I don't even have a keyboard to type stuff in.
One way would be to go to your professor and tell him you're
conducting a study on the connection between size people's
genitalia and shoe size.
Interesting.
And then you get both the answers for the study.
And two pairs of crocs.
You get kicked out of class, probably.
I'm realizing now.
It's kind of foolhardy.
I don't think that would be appropriate.
Mine's not appropriate.
Well, you could just say, you don't need to measure their
weenie, you know?
You do.
You have to at least say, you have to get an estimate.
A guesstimate, maybe.
You do have to get an estimate on genitalia size.
You're going to need to get it in metric.
Which, yes.
Now, what about, you have to get it in shoe size.
I'm just going to throw this out here, because if it was a foot,
if your genitalia was a foot, what would its favorite ice cream
flavor be?
And it is.
You could break into their house.
Don't chirp at my foot, dick.
I pressed my cricket button, but didn't turn the soundboard on.
So I don't think that's on the recording.
So I think it's just going to be Griffin shouting,
don't chirp at my foot, dick.
Anyways, break into his house.
We'll get it in post.
And check his other shoes.
That works.
Shoe wrestling.
Shoe wrestling?
Play a game of trade shoe.
Play a game of tradie shoes, or battle shoes.
Oh, yeah.
This is where you take your shoes off and try to hit them
and knock them out of the victory zone.
Yeah, you could do flip shoe.
Flip shoe's good.
Stink guesser.
I'm glad there's so many games with shoes in it.
Oh, make it.
Oh, OK.
I think this is actually a thing.
But like a team building exercise where everyone piles
one of their shoes in the middle of the floor,
and then you try to figure out whose shoe matches who, right?
That could be a good thing.
That's a bad team building exercise, Travis.
Well, it's more of a getting to know you thing of how well
do you know each other's shoes.
But would they not be wearing the matching shoe
on their other foot?
Justin, any ideas?
I already did mine.
It was good, and it worked already.
So the person already knows the shoe size.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, the genitalia survey.
They went with that one, weirdly.
You know what?
You can't go wrong with a good nine and a half.
It falls pretty close to the middle,
and a good nine and a half is going to do it.
The only way that a nine and a half would not be the right
shoe size is if they wear a 10 or larger,
or a nine or smaller.
Other than that, though, nine and a half is going to get them
every single time.
No, you don't understand, Justin, you stupid idiot.
A nine and a half is so close to the middle of shoe size.
Is it?
OK, a 10.
Thank you.
A 10, a nice average 10.
You put that on there, it's probably going to fit.
It's close enough, don't you think?
Here's what you do.
When you hand them the box with the signed Crocs inside,
the signed Crocs box, just make sure there's a gift receipt
in there so they can exchange them.
Yeah, I doubt the Crocs company is going to want any pair
of Crocs back, though.
I think every time Crocs sells-
Especially if they're signed.
Admittedly, that's going to be an issue.
Yeah, that's not going to be great.
I have a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Graham Robock.
Thanks, Graham.
It's from Mastermind587, who asks.
Oh, I love their questions.
Why isn't there restaurants anymore?
Are like the old western saloon.
Yes.
You know restaurants that are made like the old western saloon?
Well, not anymore.
For example, the atmosphere is very stylistic.
The restaurant has pictures, wallpaper, nice fancy clock,
and they have really fine looking tables,
and the piano is at the corner for the pianist.
There's a nice carpet on the floor.
I mean, with Chain Restaurant, even Olive Garden,
you don't get this kind of stuff anymore.
So that's what a saloon is.
But, okay, I've watched many a cowboy movie.
I've never once seen them walk into carpet, ever.
Even the rest of it aside.
Well, there's them some right pretty pictures
you got hanging up on the wall,
with your wallpaper and the nice fancy clock there, Jed.
I like this table, I sure could kill a man upon it
if he cheated me at cards.
Where's your spittoon?
Are you kidding?
I have fucking carpet in here.
Get the fuck out of here.
You're right, that one's on me.
Now dance, pow pow.
Oh my god, I shot up your carpet.
I feel terrible.
I'm sorry, I'll get this replaced ASAP.
Oh boy.
I bet this was special order too, it's so nice.
Let's ignore the fact that this person has no idea
what saloons is.
Okay.
But why aren't there restaurants anymore
are like the old western saloon,
is a question that I would also like answered.
We tamed the west.
You know, you go into, I mean, here in Huntington, West Virginia,
we got Logan's Roadhouse, Texas Roadhouse,
that's carrying on the tradition.
Yeah.
Right, you can throw peanuts right on the dang floor.
It's not the same.
Not the same.
But it's got like, for one thing,
there's a lot of anachronisms, right?
There's air conditioning,
there's probably refrigerated food and ice.
I like it in saloons in the movies and TV shows
with cowboys in it, where they sit at the bar
and they just sort of grab a bottle of warm brown stuff
and give them a big cup of that.
And I guess they just know what that is
and like drinking it.
Nobody orders in fingers anymore.
Nobody says like, give me two fingers
of your best sipping whiskey, right?
That's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool.
We need to order like that again.
You know what, maybe that's it.
Maybe it has nothing to do with decor,
but rather the atmosphere in general.
I've never walked into a restaurant-
The spirit of the west.
Because here's the thing.
First of all, I don't need a door that goes
from the top of the doorframe to the bottom.
Only the middle third, for some reason,
and it needs to swing open in the middle.
That's all we really need.
Hey, stop.
What is up with that door?
Yes.
Hey, that's almost like saying,
I'm going to afford a real door someday.
I know there should be a door here.
I put a toy door in as a joke for my friends.
Oh, I thought this door would be bigger
when I ordered it.
Guys are throwing each other through this dang thing
all the time.
I just wanted two little toy doors
so I could save up enough for a good door, a real one.
It basically says that when someone walks up to it,
they just need to see their face and their crotch down.
That's it.
I don't need to know what's on their chest.
But I've never walked into, for your example, Justin,
at Logan's Roadhouse, and had the player piano stop
and everybody turn and look at me.
That should be customary, absolutely.
Do y'all think, back in cowfolk's days,
they would be sitting around in a saloon
with the joke door, with the spit canister,
with the warm brown stuff, with the fights and poker
and probably smoke and probably stinky people in general.
They were all probably sitting around like,
gang, we can do better than this, right?
Yeah, this sucks.
Hey guys, I get it.
It's the Wild West and things are rough
and a lot of things haven't been invented yet,
and that's too bad.
I can't wait for that stuff to get invented,
but I'll for sure be dead before that happens.
So can we just be a little cleaner in here?
Can we hold ourselves to a slightly nicer standard in here?
I always think about that in cowboy movies,
whenever a cowboy gets excited or is trying to calm everyone down
and they shoot their gun up in the air,
that you have to think the owner of the saloon is like,
God damn it, it rains.
Like you just shot a goddamn hole in my ceiling.
Even if it didn't rain,
we're all just trying to have a nice time
and you've just discharged a firearm.
Yeah, you shot the piano.
Do you know how hard it is to get a piano in the Old West?
It's hard, they're heavy.
They don't have airplanes yet, guys.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
We're not gonna have air conditioning in here,
so just perish that dream away.
But in lieu of that,
can we not just piss on the floor, right?
Yeah, and if any of you want to wear shorts, you can.
Just shorts, guys, you don't need chaps.
It's hot as frick out here, okay?
Shorts and a t-shirt, that's fine.
That's fine.
If you guys want to dress more comfortably,
and I'm looking at everybody,
because some of the ladies in here got like 18 layers.
Just shorts and a t-shirt, everybody.
We'll all be happier and nicer.
Same names.
But scrub your nuts.
It smells so bad, guys.
It smells so bad.
I'm in here, and I would love to have a Diet Coke.
I can't.
I'm going to have the warm brown stuff.
That's apparently the only fluid they have back there.
But when I drink this warm brown stuff I don't want,
could I not smell your nuts?
Can you just give them a scrub?
Chaps are like the saloon doors of pants.
It says, yeah, I know I should be wearing pants,
but I'm going to leave my balls out here for everyone.
By the way, it was to ventilate cigar smoke,
and because the cowboys would carry saddlebags,
and they'd have to go in and out,
so the fact that the doors swung bidirectionally
is very practical.
That to me seems like an after the fact justification
for dumb doors.
For bad doors that they cut too short.
No, it's perfect.
This is a new style from Paris.
I measured none and cut once.
Hey, could you build me a new door?
It's going to be like three weeks.
Do we get more wood?
We're in the desert.
There's only eight trees in America.
I could go to Home Depot in 120 years.
I'm going to wait here for 120 years until Home Depot
crops up here and I'll run right over.
You always get the size of the coffins right.
Well, I measure for those.
Those are people's size.
Easy.
It's a size 10.
It fits most corpses.
Some of them we got to scrunch up a little bit.
And some of them we got to put bricks in the bottom
for them to stand on.
It's fine.
It's funny.
Funny joke.
And we take funny pictures with them,
because it takes two hours to take a single picture,
and we like it that way.
Now spit in that bucket that's right next to where
you eat your food.
I'm not dipping chaw.
Do I still have to spit in the bucket?
You do.
It's customary.
But you can throw your peanut shells right on the floor.
Then I'll vacuum the carpet later.
Anyway, our sequel 101 Ways to Die in the West
is coming out next fall.
Hope you all come out and see it.
These are just a sneak preview of some of the jokes
that we're going to have.
We just fully put Peter Griffin in this one.
Like he's fully in it.
If you got a little free time and maybe a few free coins,
we want to let you know that our game, our board game,
the Adventure Zone Bureau of Balance,
is going to go on presale.
When is it exactly?
On the 11th.
So in two days.
On Wednesday the 11th.
It's a cooperative storytelling card game
that expands on the Bureau of Balance,
the Adventure Zone Balance universe.
You don't need a DM to play it.
It's rules light and easy and fun to learn.
We partnered with two other studios to do it.
And if you go to theadventurezonegame.com,
you can find out more information.
That is also where the pre-order will be.
Listen, we've played it.
It's super fun.
You're going to love it.
Yes, it's good.
Also, we've got the Candlelight Show coming up.
If you haven't already, email us your questions.
And that includes Yahoo's with Candlelight's
in the subject line.
We've got a bunch of new merch up in the merch shop.
You can go to mcrorymerch.com.
What else, boys?
Well, I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
You're going to have a great time listening
to this one with the kids.
I also want to thank Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
Check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Switchblade Sisters
or Beef and Dairy Network or Jordan Jesse Go.
All on MaximumFun.org.
And check out all our other stuff at mcrory.family.
Oh, Justin and I are doing the besties again
with our friends Russ Frushtick and Chris Plant.
It's a video game podcast that we used to do
a long time ago for Polygon.
Now we're doing it with Spotify.
And you can check it out, well, wherever.
We put up a few episodes
for whatever podcast platform that you use.
But yeah, after that, it will be Spotify exclusive.
So go check it out.
And how about that final?
Yes.
Yes.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Madeline.
It's Yahoo Answers user NERBAL who asks,
How do I tell my wife that I ate her fancy soaps
that she bought for the bathroom?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
I've got a message for you.
Hi, it's me, April Wolf, the host of Switchblade Sisters
and co-writer of the new horror film Black Christmas.
And I'm Katie Walsh, film critic
and occasional host of Switchblade Sisters.
We're here to announce that for one episode,
we will be doing something a little different.
Much like Jeff Goldblum and David Cronenberg's The Fly,
I will be going through a truly disturbing transformation.
April will transform from the interviewer into the interviewee.
I will be asking her all about her new film Black Christmas,
her writing process and ongoing existential dread.
But I will also be discussing John Carpenter's perfect masterpiece, Prince of Darkness.
You guys seen any movies you like?
So tune in to Switchblade Sisters for a one-of-a-kind episode
with April Wolf and me, Katie Walsh.
See you then.
Only the corrupt are listened to now.
