The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
What's her bit? What's her thing? Christmas creep?
Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving... You still like that, huh?
It's Whack Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. Whack Friday is the day after Thanksgiving
when you go shopping for more weed. I guess that is pretty Whack. Yeah,
I mean they do the weed dealers all sort of get together to you know
The problem is whack Friday is sort of bled over into what I almost call it Thanksgiving, but that's a different holiday altogether
Is it I hear that they blend bled over into Thanksgiving and now they're doing all their deals then and it's like these weed dealers
Should be with their families disappointing them. Mm-hmm
Yeah, I think we started yeah, okay
Hold open that cold open. I'm Justin macro. I'm your oldest brother here. My brother my brother mean if I show from the modern era
I'm Travis macro. I'm your middle is brother. I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy coming to you hot and live and loud
Raw and real it's my brother my brother me
Thanksgiving is behind us. Whack Friday is behind us was also two days ago. Yes
Leon that creep now. It's wait what happens on Monday?
a moot moot moot ring Monday. No, that's nothing
Is there a thing that happens on Monday?
Yes, I bring it is it's it's when Monday is reboard
From the ashes of Monday. There's a new electronic Monday that has all the emotions of Monday
But new robotic parts, it's called cyber Monday. It's called cyber Monday is a liquefied
They called it liquefied the organic material that used to compose
Monday drank it for energy fuel and now it's turning it into I don't know like a fun robot dance or something
And now is this Monday more effective because it lacks like the the fear and hesitancy of human Monday
Cyber Monday is judge jury and executioner. Yeah
um, our only hope is our only hope is to send Thursday back in time to Sunday to try and kill it before it's
When it when its mom was pregnant with it Sunday is Monday's mom. Okay, you guys know who really hates cyber Mondays
I'm gonna
Garfield cyber Garfield absolutely hates. Yes
Crossover
Okay, I every every news story you see is
That everybody's shopping online now Amazon comm oh man
I read that I read that on the times the true North Pole. That's Amazon comm I went to the mall on Saturday
Everybody's still at the mall. I think they're gay on Amazon at the mall because everybody's still there
You can't get a job there to save your life. Everybody's still at the mall you joke
But even like ten years ago not ten eight year when whenever I worked at Best Buy
People would come in look at the thing and while standing there like holding in their hands be like, yeah
I do want to buy this they put it back pull out their smartphones and order it from Amazon to have it shipped to their
house
Amazon changed the game. They have a thing on their app where you literally like take a picture of the thing
Yeah, and Amazon's like, oh, yeah, I know what that is
Buy it for you. Oh, I got that way cheaper. I got this
Yeah, I doing that and I do not a small business here in Austin
They don't they won't allow it every time you do that Jeff Bezos like kicks in the door
It takes a dump right there on that small business floor
It's symbolic you're just opening the door for Jeff Bezos to come in and add insult to injury or
More specifically to add poop to the small business floor, but you think if he was trying to punish retailers
Jeff Bezos would pick a corporate location if only for a time-saving
Maneuver because the word would get out quick, right?
If Jeff Bezos took a dump in one Best Buy all the Best Buys would hear about that
But if he goes to Darren Steve's electronic world, he's gonna like he's got a long day ahead of him
But pooping a different electronic mom, but I know he's like Santa Claus but for a very bad gift
No, really that means put a lot of small businesses out of business now. They're just smalls
Do you think Elon Musk is trying to make all the rockets and stuff so he can make Santa Claus real
That's something that I've thought about a lot. Maybe his endgame is to make the dream of Santa Claus like a real thing on earth
Start over
Musk it's doing like, you know space stuff
SpaceX guys. Elon Musk is not a not a perfume scent. Now. Elon Musk is like the boss of Tesco and
Tesla and not Tesco the British
but rather Tesla
And he's like into like SpaceX and all this kind of stuff. So my theory is that he's trying to make the dream
Claus
He's trying to become a true true Santa
That's TRU S a NTA for true Santa with his different electronics advancements
Elon Musk is trying to become true Santa and and actually like do the Santa thing in our
Life, that's why the hyperloop is exit. That's why SpaceX. That's why all electronic cars
That's why it's also important to him because he's going to make Santa real Justin. Can I say that theory 100% bulletproof?
Santa for real Elon Musk
Um, can I also say we're doing a night record, which we almost never do
Which opens up the possibility that Justin might be drunk
Everyone's Santa to be real
Elon Musk Elon Musk had his time where he's like I he took a
Long look at that deep dark shift from areas that I can make Batman real I can make Santa real
I could definitely get one of these done. Yeah, every rich person's doing Batman these days. Like that's
Is he gonna put on some weight
Seems important, huh?
like why why go through all the the trouble of inventing a rocket sleigh and a hyperloop and all that shit and
Like not seal the deal by putting on those Santa Claus with an E
Well, that's the thing Griffin is like the the horrible truth that he has to face is to do all this work and then realize
That really what he was doing is he was setting it up for the next person that this was not his it was not his
Place to become Santa. It was merely his place to facilitate
for the Santa is person
Welcome to my page for a new new web series the Santa is person fuck web series. We can get this on cable
Are you kidding me this reality show of casting Santa starring your host Elon Musk?
I just feel like in this cyber world we need to move faster than we can with traditional media and this needs to be like
a minute-by-minute live stream update
Like yeah, like it's more like you're just watching this the different Santa's compete
24-7 until last man standing. I'm just saying the traditional more traditional advertising models are still the most profitable. So
It's me, okay, listen salary this is a good show
There's a salary on the line of 1 million dollars a year. Okay, and
One day of work
Yeah, I know who's gonna cheer me or something like that. I got a I got a yule coming up
So he's got a Elon Musk's got to find the truth Santa to your USA NTA
True Santa and
Can we go ahead and put our seal on that
True. Yeah, I don't think my obscure channel acceptable TV reference is gonna be a very good title for that
So we're gonna go a true Santa
And it's Elon Musk
Find the man with or woman with the true or in between it doesn't matter
the gender is not as specific to the Santa myth will all compete for the
Right to become the true Santa and Justin one one. Are you ready?
When we get to season five, we enter robots into the equation
Only one season because he said to forever Santa Claus
He will see or they as Tim Allen has proven that no one gets to be Santa forever
Is it did they do a Santa Claus for starring somebody else? I?
Mean not yet. Okay, so you're just full of horse apples that it sounds like well
But there was another Santa before him Griffin. It's not like he was Santa Claus and it's oh shit. It's an aura Boris
Yeah, he was the Santa he pushed off the roof
What would be some of the challenges on?
Elon Musk's bowl full of jelliness. That's past right? I want we need active like a race or something
Oh who's like who can fit the most kids on their knees at one time?
Yeah, mm-hmm kid based stealth is definitely gonna be like up there
reindeer
Like reindeer acquaintance like how how how compatible are you with rocket reindeer? Yeah
I mean the only test that's gonna matter right is
Can you even ride in the rocket sleigh without just liquefying? Oh
Like is it more of like a g-force?
You know NASA kind of thing like reindeers won't be part of the equation if he could if
Elon Musk could have like figured out the reindeer
Conundrum like he would have had this sorted a long time ago right reindeer aren't part of it. It's hyperloop. It's Tesla
It's maybe PayPal to a certain extent
Paypal is works in here. You're saying true Santa once they get going so in the show
The secret is they hit out they Santa for real
He hits up LA or she hits up LA or they hit up LA they hit up LA done did that what that take?
Oh god, two and a half hours. Oh my god. That's I'm way behind schedule to the hyperloop hyperloop, San Francisco
Let's hit you all up. Oh my god, the Sun's coming up and then rocket from San Francisco
Well, you have to use the are in dr. X Rockets and that is that that's the reindeer X Rockets
I'm trying to incorporate the mythos into the I love this. Yes
Yeah, you got to incorporate the old with the new baby
That's what this is all about in this ever-changing world in which we live in
Okay, like and then like in a shitty like modern Wizard of Oz they would call the teleporter like this is the wizard
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, like oh just hop on the twister. That's not what we're calling it Steve like that
Should we do some advice? Yeah, what the fuck is this show? Yeah. What is this show about? Are we doing it?
Here's good news 13 minutes
down the toity my friends got married in Vegas a few months ago and are having a party because their families are forcing them to
Celebrate the nuptials they insist on not getting them a gift, but all my other friends are getting them gifts
Anyway, should I honor their requests or should I just get them a gift so I don't look like a cheapskate?
That's from giftless in the Great Lakes State
You know what notice I mean I'm gonna notice and you have a perfect excuse for not doing it
I did I there are I'm not gonna say they don't notice people getting a gift some say they won't notice
Someone not getting them again. Well, you know what the big hiccup is here the real like when people get married
There's a reason you register for shit
So people don't all get you like six blenders when you already own a blender like so this like I get these people
We're like we already have too much stuff like when we did ours
We mostly were like, please just like give money to our like honey fun so we can pay for our honeymoon
So maybe what you want to do is like a gift card that says like hey
I care about you use this whenever you want to get whatever you want
I think a gift quite like rarely do I advocate to the gift card because again, I said it all well
The gift card says I couldn't think I don't know you well enough to have gotten you something myself
But here you go
But I feel like this is the perfect opportunity to say like hey, I didn't get you something
I got you the opportunity for you to get you something. I don't enjoy gift card gifts
No, I feel like they're giving me a chore
They every gift card should say hey bad news. You've got a good
It should come
gift each gift card should come floating in a
single size serving like a water balloon full of gasoline and for me it would I would need diesel and
It I would have that and they'd be like this is you pop this in your tank
You explode this right in your tank and you get the amount of fuel that you need to drive to Lowe's and back
He will spin the gift card floating inside the diesel at Lowe's now
They're gonna smell the gift card and they are not gonna want to take it
Also, the paint's gonna come completely off of it because diesel she's a she's a hungry fluid
You have not given me a gift card to Sears
What you've given me is a year of buying things at other stores and then on the drive home thinking
Ah, damn, I should have got this at Sears. I got that gift card and everything
I should have gotten this at Sears
but
They've also gotten you the joy of when you open a drawer and you find that gift card and you find that it hasn't expired
And not a pirate's booty. Well, yeah the feeling of potential that arises off of a non-expired but forgotten gift card
He's like, oh my god, I could do anything with this. Well, yeah
but never done this done the move where you find an unexpired gift card and you think you do the all right, bud
You're coming with me. Let's do this and it goes in the wallet like a prominent place
So I I'm definitely gonna get to an AMC theater very very in the very near future. You're top slot here friend
Your perseverance has paid off Lowe's gift card my faves when you roll it to Lowe's you're like, ooh
I have a gift card. I mean, I'm gonna buy this drill and you buy it like sir
There's only 71 cents left on this gift card. You're like, I
Know what don't look like I'm made out of 71 cents a bunch of them do it do it. Take it
The guy behind you who
Guy behind you who is made of several pennies a couple of nickels is what's wrong with being?
Made of 71 cents and then the Skittles logo comes up and that's the end of the commercial
Running off the rails this yahoo was sent in by
Brooks Oglesby, thank you Brooks. It's by yahoo answers user John who asks
Recurring nightmare. I am on a Nickelodeon game show. I have a recurring nightmare
I am on a children's game show like you can't do that on television or guts or legends of the hidden temple
I always lose and sometimes drown in the green slime parentheses GAC. Thanks shithead
Was that stuff called I am NOT a child but all the other contestants are I have been having these streams about five times a
Week for three months. I feel pretty happy in my life
So I'm not sure why I should be having these dreams
They children are very mean and mocking and usually cheat to team up even with my adult strength and size
They win looking for some interpretations or advice on how to not have these dreams anymore. I'm sick of them
Was you can't do that on television a game show? Yeah, I don't think there was a competitive. There was not a competitive
No, and I'm sorry and just another point of order as long as we're getting pedantic GAC and slime are two different things
Yeah, slime is not GAC and GAC is not slime. GAC was a much more
Non-Newtonian. Yeah. No if you drop that shit on a child if you drop like a big bucket of GAC
They might actually die because it's a slower child
Probably couldn't dig their way out of that of that hearty thick cream
Yeah, but but but slime I think was just like water and flour and like yeah
and what
Sorry, Justin. They dumped GAC on Rosie O'Donnell. They dunked slime on Rosie O'Donnell annually at the Kids Choice Awards
You're telling me that you're telling me that Rosie O'Donnell walked away
she strolled back down that red carpet back to her limo at the end of each night smelling like
Nickelodeon slime farts and then agreed to come back the next year and then would come back next year. She liked it
What I'm saying is the farts were in it. Now, here's my question if you guys could get every night
Virtually transported to the set of your favorite Nickelodeon game show and the only price you had to pay was some gentle mocking from children
Wouldn't that be worth it? I would love I would love to be transported the set of Double Dare for example. Let's do this
What was your what's your favorite? It's not favorite. It's not favorite. It can't just be favorite
It has to be which one you think you would own bones at and for me, it's Legends of the Hidden Temple
Because that show was about a big statue face. It would be like the princesses chambers had three statues
How many statues to the princesses chamber have in it?
Yes, Jiffy two. No, not two
I'm a giant face cleft from stone. You should really be listening to what I'm saying
What else are you paying attention? What could possibly be more interesting in the room than me?
Yeah
Have you noticed that phenomena if you watch old Nick game shows?
About half the kids do seem pretty distracted a lot of the time like oh, yeah. Yeah
I uh, I do think it's a legit fear though because I bet that
You did not get very good
Explanations of the rules like think about how well you understood like so I have to dig between the two giant waffles and
Find a yeah
Yeah, exactly that's exactly it
From a Christmas story just kicking you back down the slide. Yeah
Go find the flags. That's why half the time on legends
At the very end the big stone face is like, all right
You're gonna go through the jungle kick over the third tombstone climb down under that tombstone jump in the second
Hole you want to climb that rope and then turn right and then you're gonna press a button to open up the secret door
To the shrine of the silver monkey
And then you're gonna put that shit together backwards in reverse order and then go back the way you came but turn left at the jungle
And finally you'll find yourself in the scarabs hiding place
You got all that go nuts and they forget room one they get to the jungle like well fuck that was way too much too
fast I would bet money that at every recording of legends of the hidden temple a shadowy figure like slughorn from
a
Willy Wonka would like sneak into the kids dressing room and be like I'll give you a hundred dollars if you forget how to put
Together a monkey because like what are the odds that like every kid comes in and is like wait, where'd the feet go?
God, yeah shit
Like they they had to be doing like I don't even know that $100 is gonna spin so good. Yeah way better than a Casio keyboard
Maybe this is happening all over if you were a contestant on the bozo super sunday show a slug
We're type figure entered your dressing room said hey listen if you take a big chokeski throwing a ping-pong ball into the first bucket
I'll give you 20 bucks. You're not gonna make it to the end anyway. What do you want that for?
Mr. Slughorn can I ask why why?
Why do you want us to perform poorly in bozos games?
because every time a kid does well it extends the length of the show and the cubbies are on later and I want to make
Sure, I don't miss any of the game
You're saying the bozo super clown show was of a variable length and the same could be said of legend long
Spiffin you're out Spiffin you're not in this one. Sorry, but you know
Why are all these voices that ghost of Christmas passed from Scrooged?
I do you not think that there was like there have been like bozos is a I
Agree with you that bozo is a face length
But you know what's pretty rad is if you think about how long that show ran there was probably a few days like listen guys
We have seven minutes until the Cubs game starts, and we have nothing we have nothing planned
You just have to go out there and clown or something of pies
Who has is it some without cards? I don't I haven't I haven't done that since college you can do this bozo
Oh look at this kids. I'm making a pile of whipped cream on the floor, and then oh oh oh oh oh
Oops, I stepped in it oops stepped in the whipped cream
Floor and we're out. Thanks for watching everybody
He comes back and somebody drapes like a cape and like a thing of roses over his shoulders
And he's like I didn't know I could clown like that. I feel alive
Maybe I'll kiss my wife for the first time in ten years
What if you did tune in to bozo and it was like?
253 and you just saw a man in a cloud costume just strutting in a circle singing this is McClellan song
Come on a clowning walk with me your favorite clown bozo seven minutes of that watch
How watch the silly way that a clown ties his shoes rip rip rip over and over?
Somebody have a TV guide that I could read out loud
Reads another question yarn spinner. I'm a college student who is house hunting for the first time in my life
Previously my parents chose which apartment I lived in but now the rains are in the hands of my roommates
And I fortunately find in a house or apartment that's closed to campus and within our budget is a lot more difficult than we were
Expecting any tips for house hunting in a city with an extremely overvalued housing market almost homeless in Austin. Oh
Austin is expensive, isn't it Griffin? I mean, it's not just expensive
It's it's like Hunger Games style competitiveness to get that we lost the house that we got
The house we got we were the backup offer on and they beat the shit out of us
And it's not I say beat the shit out of us. The only rule of that game is
Write a bigger number than the other people
But boy, howdy did they dunk did we get dunked on?
But hey, it all worked out in the end. It's rough man. I can't imagine doing that as a student
Is it rough renting to is renting is back
Oh, yeah, dog when we the house we moved to this house from the house. We were renting before we owned this house
we were one of
11
Applicants that they were considering and we had to like sit down and meet them and then you know, we wrote them a letter
that was
There were that I made a tasteful new drawing of myself and attach that and just said whatever you want
And that helped her hurt it. I mean we've got the place didn't we? Well, I
can say we just finished house hunting here in Los Angeles where it is also quite expensive to live and
I I mean we had to go look at like 30 different places in two weeks and every place we went to there was like
Eight other people looking at it at the same time we were
And and the key is like just if you like it apply right away
Like just get you know get your name in there as soon as you can, you know
Check out as many places that you can like have a variable budget that helps a lot if you can like don't say
Yeah, you gotta keep in mind. Hi, you know, yeah by those how high you gotta liquidate the correct assets
You got to keep in mind that there's a billion other people like you who are doing the same thing
and if you think of the mindset of just like how can I
Get around those people or beat those people like maybe you go a little bit just a little bit outside the bubble
It's a little bit outside where you're comfortable doing and you'll find like a really really nice spot or you get on Craigslist
you refresh that shit every 30 seconds and you email the people when the place you want goes up like instantly and maybe
a
Drawing and a noodle doodle. What about this? Yes, maybe
Expand your concept of what constitutes a house in quote-unquote. Okay
To be continued, it's Perry white
So maybe an affordable cave or parking structure or someone else's garage, yeah
Um, yeah, it's many pizza boxes many pizza boxes. I mean, what's your what should I put down?
I want to invite you to our wedding. We're getting married in February very excited about it. What's your address?
Oh, just write many pizza boxes on an envelope and then give it to a bird a
Bird, huh? Yeah, just a secret to the bees any bird will do cuz they'll smell these boxes
We did not we were not diligent about cleansing them of sauces and like the de-cheese
Solution that we bought at the family dollar was not as effective as it
Super good. In fact, it just added a sort of bird attractive scent that is
Implaceable we have contacted Ralph Nader and the Better Business Bureau and the Better Business Brewery man
They whip up a fresh IPA
In all seriousness know what really helps is pick pick a pick a neighborhood because things are getting a little bit
Funny pick a neighborhood that you want and just drive around and look for for rent signs
Because if you go through a service or a website or something
You want to catch something that comes on the market quick like maybe just like you like predator like predator
Let Justin let Justin make jokes. He's bored of his question. Let Justin make jokes
Go ahead Justin
Catch something on the market and then I just said like a predator like catch
Like to catch a predator
Okay, see isn't that better?
Aren't we all happier now
I mean except for like the three people that were trying to buy a house in Austin and we're taking furious notes
But other than them, I think everyone's doing very well
Shoot us an email if you want to know my realtor
She's a she's a man. She's a beast. She she tore shit apart. She's a bear
She's actually a living bear and not a dead bear. Should we go to the money zone?
Yeah, we've certainly earned it this time. You say that half the time people obviously are consuming our product week in week out
even if it's
Climbed into your fucking
X
careening jet of a question and try to pull up pull up pull up my third in some catch a predator jokes
Just try keep this shit float
Yeah, sorry, I said sorry my metaphors got mixed maybe if I had some more money
I wouldn't be so distracted. My metaphors would be more on point C male confidence confidence competence
We got a new sponsor to kick things off this week it's club
W so let me tell you this works. It's a it is a wine club
That's what the W will get together. They complain about stuff. It's better than that
There's no interacting with other people who like wine
You just go to club w.com and answer six simple questions and then they've got an algorithm
That creates a palette profile just for you now and then they send the wine directly to your door perfectly customized to match your taste
Here's the neat thing about that. Like yeah, I went through this process
They don't it's it's kind of pointless for me who doesn't know a lot about wine to say, you know
I want a pinot noir. I want a pinot grige or I want some Chardonnay. I don't know what I want
I have no earthly idea
Their questionnaire asks you things that you actually do have like a reference point for stuff like like how do you take your coffee?
Do you know do you like it creamy or do you like it black or you know?
Do you like what kind of fruit pies do you enjoy that kind of thing? Have you ever killed just for the fun of it?
Yeah, have you ever killed just for the fun of it?
What and then it has some fun money Python joke references like that whole land speed of a swallow thing that's in there, too
It's great a little bit everything
That's not but it it is questions that you might actually have a reference point for even if you don't drink a lot of wine
They are leading the grape to glass wine revolution
And that is a fancy way of saying that they actually work with people who are making wine and they don't have a mill
Man, it's just like get it from those people and then they bring it to you the labels look cool
what I like best about it is that the
Wine comes with an informational card that explains to you sort of like grapes are in it where it's from
Flavor profile that kind of thing so you can read the card and then if you have a party with people over you can hide
The card and just seem really smart about the wine and not just that let me say it like this sounds like one of those
Like super expensive of the month clubs, right where you're like
Oh, I'd love to do a steak over the month club or whatever and then it's like $50 a steak
This is like so reasonably like if I may if I can let you in on a secret that you would find by going to the
Website it's like $13 a bottle
They have a no risk 100% guarantee that they'll love what you send you if you don't love it
They'll make it right. So don't even don't even trip on it right now Club W is offering in BMA limit centers
50% off your first order when you go to club w.com
slash
my brother
That's club w.com slash my brother to get 50% off your first
Order, if you have wanted to get more into wine
I cannot think of a better way of of getting getting your foot the door. So they've allowed us to do the very first
Podcast version of the six questions that they ask to discern what your wine tastes are
So I can do you guys want me to bounce it off you two? Yes, please. Yeah
um
It's your birthday. Someone gives you a calfskin wallet. How do you react?
Um, I probably stroke it awkwardly but intensely and thank them. Oh shit your delight
Oh, no, sure. Well, okay. Good news. Travis is an Android Justin is not. Oh
No, well, wait a minute that this is not inform our wine. My brother my brother means also supported in part this week by Harry's
They've got a limited edition holiday shaving set. Here's what it comes with copper plated razor handle
That's gonna look good a couple of five blade cartridges. That's gonna feel good shaving cream
That's gonna smell good and a cool travel kit to hold everything that's gonna taste good. Probably
Yeah, come on. You don't don't eat the travel kit. This is not us. I don't hate it. God. No, don't eat it
Just taste it a little. Okay, that's fine. It's a good bag
Holiday shaving sets are all at different price points starting at 15 bucks
Uh, Harry's, you know, um, you should definitely be getting your razors from them by now instead of buying them in a store for
$400,000 apiece. Let's go to Harry's you can get it for cheap and have a special offer
You don't have to get an employee to come over now because it's like under lock and key and there's an alarm on it
Oh, I hate that stuff. I'm not a criminal. I need to shave
Somebody's jangling something around in their hands
Thank you
Special offer right as a special offer right now Harry's will give you five dollars off your first order with the code
My brother you get free shipping for the holidays, although that ends on December 10th. That's
H-a-r-r-y s.com and enter the code my brother. We also are sponsored this week by me undies a
Friend of the show at this way
There's lots of copy here that I'm gonna read but first let me say this I am such a huge fan of me undies
They had as part of like their Black Friday weekend sale
25% off dunk. Yeah, dude, like Teresa and I went underpants crazy
Like we each ordered like six pairs because we love me undies
Like it's my fit and when those six players arrive, I'm throwing out six pairs of old shitty like from the store underwear
Yeah, so well not shitty, but you know what? I mean? I'm so excited
I
Don't
And I can't we dare not contemplate I kept them
Me undies is dedicated to creating the world's most comfortable underwear. Every pair of me undies is made of micro modal fabric
Me undies has a ton of different colors to choose from is the only place to find styles for both men and women and has a new
Signature design every month Teresa and I got a couple matching pairs. It's fun. Do it if you're a couple. What's the end game?
What's the end game there? Well, it's a secret that you share with your lover
All right, and you could match everybody
Everybody can match sir. If you're in some kind of like
Polyamorous you have eight lovers get eight pairs. Everybody can match me
I they also just launched a new boxer line. It's like wearing nothing at all only better and
With the holidays around the corner me undies makes the perfect gift. I agree with that shit. That's a good point
Yeah, you can go to me undies.com slash my brother right now you get 20
20% off your first order plus all orders in the US and Canada always shipped for free. It's incredible underpants. I
Guess my question is what is an Android knee with underpants? Like what do you got to hide down there?
You're by your bed. Oh, no, it's smooth, but they're so comfortable. Don't worry about my genitals, right?
You don't have but you don't have them. You just got a little battery pack or something
I mean we have like a big dog though. Oh boy. Oh, no
Pack a pack of a default down there
We also have a couple personal spots here. I would like to talk about before we talk about my smooth genitalia. No
They're shaped like a dick
It's so it could be shaped like a dick and feel smooth. All right, stop and read these questions
Who is this message for Andrew Johnson? Who is this message from? It's from I think it's for everybody
Well, it's from Eleanor Haskin, but we'll say it's for everybody like the duct-tape bandit
You've stolen my heart between the Mothman Festival and Disney World
I guess we fell in love but I still know no one could wish you a better birthday than your favorite brothers
Yeah, that was some tight-ass West Virginia lore
Have we talked about shit? I forgot about the duct-tape. Yeah, we talked about Casey Kazee and his perfect crime
No, I was thinking of the Sticky Bandit. I was way off. No duct-tape bandit was Casey Kazee
He conducted the world's only perfect crime. Look it up. Google it
To this day. Nobody knows his name
Yeah, I know his name because I was him for Halloween and that was a good slash bad hurtful costume hurtful to my face
Duct-tape wise and we have another personal message. This one is for Matt always alone Jones
Oh, and it's from Sophie well-fit Johnson
You wished me. Happy birthday. Well, I'm about two months late for yours, but baby, I'm late
I'm not pregnant out obviously sex is involved but poo poo poo. I'm drunk. I can't really afford this
Can't wait to see you in November. Whoops. I hope you're less hideous than when last I saw you hashtag drunk purchase
Yes
We should have this is fucking all time
There should be standard. We should have some sort some sort of a breathalyzer or something
They're going to oh man. I know we're turning on jumbotrons folks some sort of confirmation email
They're just driving their car less than a like whoa, this person sounds drunk. Whoever this was. I sure feel bad for them
Oh, no, it's me. Ah, man. That's damn it
Definitely ballin
I was I was about to say like yeah
We should make you like a tattoo parlor where you come in you can't get a tattoo if you're drunk except she
Used words on our show. So it's like she gave us a drunk tattoo
That's true. They make us say that the words
Amazing. What if it was a tattoo parlor that where you came in drunk and then the tattoo artist had to give themselves whatever tattoo
You came up with can't do a Popeye, but just the bottom half what okay?
Do Popeye, but he's fighting a dragon and the dragon is my mother
Yeah, but she's got Popeye's face
It's like what?
Pop out on the aisle no
I'll get it underneath it in block letters
But spell it Pearl Jam and with Sanskrit
I've sobered up by this
I listen. I'm dead sober now, but I still I I've been playing this tattoo for months
And it's for you again. Just to restate again. I've looked at I've been
I've been scoping your body out for months trying to think of the perfect tattoo and I think what we've landed on which is
Popeye's bottom half fighting a dragon shaped like my mother and then underneath that in Sanskrit radio had spelled Pearl Jam
I think that we've really split
Price
Let's be honest we live in a world with too much media you need a podcast on the front lines figuring out
What's great? We're here for you. We're pop rocket. I am Guy Branham. I'm a comedian. I'm winter Mitchell
I call myself a digital strategist
Academic and disc junkie Margaret Wappler. She's we as journalist
And we watch listen to and read everything so that you don't have to and then we tell you about all the things that you'll
Love to love find us in iTunes or wherever you download podcasts pop rocket every Wednesday from Maximum fun org
You guys want Yahoo?
Yes
No
This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Rosin formerly Rachel Sperling the name done changed
But the game still recognizes the game and it's still a gerund. I think she deserves a new moniker like game changer
game changers fine, but I still like
Game but recognize I still think she wants the game recognized. Oh
Game changer recognize get no game recognize game changer too much too much too much. Mm-hmm
It ain't there. It ain't broke. Don't don't fix it Rachel Rosen game recognized game
It's by Yahoo answers user Turtha who asks
How do I make something look like an old man was saying it
What I am writing. I am writing a web novel. There is an old man there. I want to make his dialogues
To seem like an old man was saying it
Give me some suggestions on how to tweak general dialogues to make it seem like an old man was saying them
So it's nano rhyme Oh for the next when this comes out
14 hours How do you write a book I don't read a lot of books I mainly just you know play Bloodborne all day
So like in a book if there's an old man in a book and I know there's not a lot
How do you power that the writers of the book make it like when you're reading it?
How do the writers make it like when you're reading it? You'd be like doll. That's an old person saying that well
I know okay. So the one thing I know about old people speak old speak. Yeah is they talk real slow, right?
They talk like they got nowhere to be so maybe one word per page. That's two
That's probably I'm gonna go and separate their publisher probably won't approve that just because price-wise. How about one word per line?
Is better meet me in the middle
Two words per page two words per page, I guess would be meeting you in the middle
All right, all right. I feel like I won this negotiation shit
How do you make it look like an old man was saying it can you make the can you make the pages?
Where the old man has dialogue in it smell like an older man nice
So the book like old man in the sea
They would not even put down in library shelves anymore or they put it in a special room
That was you know hermetically sealed
Be wait because it smells like an old man and the sea well
No, it only smell like an old man, but I imagine there'd be a lot of books that are like old man
Just all over them
Most Dickens books I imagine would be like, oh welcome to the Dickens room. Yeah, it's it smells like the Dickens. Oh, man
Yeah, it's not great
It's not great. You just shot like a tiny
Spider webs between the double L's and the double R's and stuff. Oh, I like that
What about coming so you make the words in the shape of an old man?
It's gonna take some doing yeah
Like those greeting cards that play music and just every time you open to a page where it has old man dialogue on it that
Auto plays like just a general moan from an old man. Like you open you turn to page 61 and it's just like
And then you know
Make you write a program perhaps in Q basic or some other sort of software
Where every five words it would just insert open bracket cough close bracket just every five words
So just insert a cough in there because he's coughing. He's old that works for me
Um and the webs thing too. What about like just all in caps?
Lie for that. Well, he's an angry old. It's specific to an angry. Yeah, but I mean even when older folks get angry
They're still older and they're like throats don't work as good. So they what about all in caps with a smaller font? That's
Working for me gonna lose a little bit of that spiderweb effect though. I think I think I'm really just sort of stuck on
this idea stinky books gang
I
Introduce that
The problem is I've seen I feel like it's a slippery slope
Okay
Where do you stop when you do like the Sun also rises and you turn to a page and it smells like a bullfight
Right. Like where do you stop? Where is that? Where do you draw the line? Where's the line drawn for stinky books?
I need to back up for me because for the first time in literally 13 years
I actually wanted to read a book what you just described for me is a sensory experience that I would love to have
Yeah, we're talking about 4d books fellas
This is it. This is the fourth. This is dance for smell. Yeah, this is our little mention of smell
Listen, I saw page master when I was a little kid and those books came to life. It's probably talking on it. What's that?
That's well
No, the movie didn't have it. It was not a for you didn't see it in sense around
No, you're getting no all both of you are getting confused about a lot of things
I saw page master. I was a little boy and I was like, I want that whoopee Goldberg becomes a romance novel or some shit
That's not how that movie happened. I don't think there was a romance all the characters like yeah
Yeah, necromancer did to watch the movie
Anyway, I've never had an experience like that where a book came to life and took me with it to somewhere away from the library
And my mom came back was like, where did Griffin go?
Books took him away again. Yeah, damn it
I want that though, and I feel like smells gonna get me there
Yeah, it's like a my my fucking eyes and brain and reading comprehension certainly have not done it yet
Let's get my nose in the mix
That would be a rough temptation though
Like if you're if you're an author who's cranking out a lot of books like you're Stephen King's or whatever
You there would be a temptation to maybe lean on this new technology a bit like listen
I don't know how I don't know how to spice this story up. We're just gonna look the smells take it from here
Get yeah, get our best smell guy on this one
See if he could punch it up a bit cuz I got nothing. I got no closer
I got no act three got no day tomorrow rising action. You're putting in too much effort into it in authoring new works
I'm saying we return no classics. I mean he's with this for deed Charlie in a chocolate factory. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up?
That I think when Roald Dahl wrote that shit. He was like mmm. This is gonna be perfect
sticky boy
With me like you wrote that a fever dream waiting for 4d technology and here I am
But Griffin what about like you're so excited because you get to like your favorite book three musketeers
You get to read it in 4d for the first time you open. I'm like, oh shit everything in France and England
So why are you only thinking about the fat stuff sticky boy?
Come with me to my book of pure candy smell tasting
This whole book smells like Oompa Loompas you're thinking of the worst part of it chocolate boy
Come to town
Smell my book and then take it to daddy
What really sad thing is that Roald Dahl thought this technology already existed
So every time he'd watch him and read one of his books for the first time
He just sort of raised his eyebrows expectation every few pages like tell me about the stars very road
Your book is a masterpiece. You don't even fucking get it yet
You're not even reading it right yet. Live in it. I've been wondering why all the Roald Dahl books
I have have a smell disk sleeve in the right near the jacket. Apparently. He's just future-proofing them
Sticky boy, that's
Yeah, that's gonna be caught my head. That fakes all you came up with.
Yeah, I like we can move on to another question, but it like while we talk about like, you know
Somebody's shitty roommate or something
I'm just gonna be thinking of how this 4d technology could completely change the landscape of book technology
if you not I don't I don't want to put the I don't want to
Muddy the waters by talking about this in movies, but for some reason I'm always like
I had a really intense fear of the scene in Wonka where
Gene Wilder gets really angry at me. Yeah
Well, it feels that way doesn't it and
I always get this really intense fear about that scene and I just wanted to mention that like I'm glad this technology doesn't exist for
that because I bet that kid between like
angry heavily acting Gene Wilder and some old suits that they definitely rented from like a
Funeral parlor or something and like the sets and all the like candy that he has like under his fingernails and stuff
I bet there was like some intense smell
Action going on for young Charlie Bucket that day
I did not have to put too much energy into crafting a performance
I doubt Charlie Bucket was a was a shower a day kid
Yeah
Joe has just climbed out of his bed of filth for the first his bed of filth and by the way lies
He's been fine this whole time. Yeah
About the lies. I know he absolutely can't
Okay, but like and he smells bad
I do want to say you're talking about 4d Charlie and
the scene you brought up was the scene where Gene Wilder gets mad at some children in a tunnel and not a scene where a
Little boy and an old man burp on each other for 45 minutes. I don't want to talk about that stank
Yeah, he's a nightmare I hate his guts
I wish he would have gotten chopped up in that fan
When he left I
Guaranteed grandma Josephine and the two other old people in the same bed were like we can all agree
We hate him the least right like we're so fucking glad he's gone. Yeah, I hope he dies in a fan
Dolls original title for Charlie chocolate factory was sad cabbage boy prays for death
It's the original thing. He wanted to call it
Sad cabbage boys candy contest
Asterix to fix this in editing
No to self think of better title
Sad cabbage boys lucky draw versus candy king
So fat kid they're stuck in tube question mark not sure
Goes to juice party was the original name very erotic very right very different book. Oh
Man I think we should just shut her down
Yeah, let's have it up. My name is just McRoy. Nope. We're gonna talk
About the podcast. I got an exciting announcement. If you are a maximum fun drive donor
And you have that link to all of the max fund drive bonus episodes. I'm dropping a lot of knowledge on people
Maybe I should back up. Hi folks
This is me group macro from my brother my brother me in the adventure zone and till death do us part more on that later
We are a a listener supported network of podcasts maximum fun. We talk about them every week
There's a lot of really amazing shows on the network
You'll probably hear some new promos because we just did new promos for all the shows on the network
You'll probably hear some of those
On our show and if you hear something it sounds good by all means go listen to it. It's all free
It's all really great and that's thanks to you because we are a listener supported network
We get donations every March is when we do a max fun drive
And people like you support us and we're very very grateful
And we always do really nice rewards for folks who who are new donors
During that max fun drive and one of those bonuses is bonus episodes of our show and we've talked about this for a while
And they actually recorded it like a month or so ago
But we finally did my sister my sister and me and by we I mean our wives Sydney Teresa and Rachel
And I just finished editing it and it'll be up this week and it's very very funny
If you're a max fun drive donor, you'll you'll already have the link
So yeah, and enjoy that that content if you want to get on board you can go to maximum fund.org slash donate and find out
How and yeah, I have also been told and this is from the adventure zone
So don't and don't hold me to this because you know stuff changes
But when last I was told I was told that there's going to be some adventures own merch up today Monday when you hear this
If not today, it'll be up soon some t-shirts
One of my favorite things there's a whiteboard
character
Sheet Oh designed for us. Yeah designed for us by the guy who did our poster Justin gray and
So you can write on it and then erase it whenever you need to that's really cool. It's an amazing thing
I'm a huge fan of the idea. Did the balance thing go up?
I'm not sure if everything's going up all at once or if it's being released as they get it done
But if you go to max fun store calm, you'll find it and not only that
We have a ton of other merch on there some other my brother my brother and me some saw bones merch
There's a bunch of other stuff on there. So go check it out
Especially with the holidays coming up just throwing that out there. Yeah. Also, we've got our candle night show coming up Monday
December 21st. It's our annual holiday spectacular pan religious pansexual personal pan holiday for everybody
No cursing. So it's it's good for everybody. Bring your grandma bring your you know kids nieces nephews, whatever
We're gonna try to keep it PG. They're taking that like a six. You're hitting me PG
PG 13. Yeah, bro. There's still mature ideas
There's gonna be some mature ideas like taxes and stuff
But come to it if you're interested and want to get tickets go to bit.ly forward slash candle nights, too
Make sure you put the two in there because candle nights was last year and those tickets aren't available anymore
Unless you got a time machine. Yeah, it's in Huntington, West Virginia
It's only 20 bucks and it's gonna be super fun in our hometown all of us together. We really want to see you there
Thanks again to me undies who are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear
If you go to me undies comm slash my brother, you can get 20% off your first order
Also do want to mention we have another podcast a new podcast called tell death to us blart
Yeah, and it's an annual podcast that came out last week Justin. You tell us about it
Yeah, it is a podcast that will last forever. It's released every year on Thursday
But the one that is Thanksgiving
only and
It's released every year and it will be forever forever and ever and ever. It's right now
It's us and the guys from the worst city of all time when one of us beefs it will change
I've already announced on Thanksgiving that when I died my nomination was to be replaced by Stuart Wellington of the
Flop house. Oh, yes. I feel like he and I vibe really well. Who did you say Justin? I want Lindy West
She's really funny. Um, I think I might do Nora Jones. Oh
Well, it might be a tough guy, but who knows where we'll be in seven
It's once a fucking year you think Nora Nora could help me out once a fucking year Nora Jones
You can check that out until death to us part calm or you can go on iTunes till death to us part
I wanted to mention if you are a longtime fan of my brother my brother me
You probably remember a guy named rocky horror who did some mixtapes
My brother my brother me
Well big big big news
He's coming back for I think what is the fourth mixtape, but you can find out for yourself because if you go to
He he's on Twitter at Hell House pod if you want to find the appropriate links, what have you
He's gonna start dropping the old mixtapes the former my brother me mixtapes, which are like our show mixed with like
club bangers, it's a
It's a really sublime combination and he's got a new one coming out the old one subscribe for so just gonna like go search
for the Hell House podcast series on
iTunes or
follow him at worship the sky or at Hell House pod on Twitter and
You'll be you'll thanks to Sean Rodgers who you serve a theme song is a departure off the album putting the days to bed
It's a really terrific album
You can get it on vinyl if you want to get that for somebody for the holidays
I'm a bim bam fan or just fan of good music. That's a good gift
And you guys want that final yahoo? Are we done? Yes, please. Oh
Super quick to the p.o. Box. I got we I guess for you boys
that I can give you when you come in for candle lights, I also have I received a
Beautiful gift which is a blu-ray copy of men at work
That I now own from that comes from Joe
Dr. G. Sent us each a book called second quest for us to enjoy and then I have a
birthday presents for Griffin
Also from Joe, I don't know why he sent him to me and Griffin, but maybe they're for also for Travis to share
I can't help you those from Joe also
Real quick before I forget on the p.o. Box front. I am moving. I'm in the process of moving
I've just moved and I will be switching to a new p.o. Box address for right now
The old one is still active till the end of January. So if you've already sent something, don't worry
I'm gonna get shit on that for the rest of your life
Why because people are gonna listen old episodes the podcast would be like, yeah, that's why I'm keeping that's why I'm keeping it active
But I am gonna set up a new one and slowly transition over to the new one
So just I'll get once I get the new address
I will let everyone know on Twitter and Facebook and on the podcast and everything
So just hold off sending anything until then
Finally, I who okay is sending by Ira Ray
Are you Ira Ray? Who wants to know it's by Yahoo answers user. Sorry. Something has gone wrong. Let's bump it down to
Melanie Melanie asks
Don't you hate people who think Barney and Fred are from Fruity Pebbles, they're from Flintstones you idiots
My name is Justin McElroy
This has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad, school, wear on the lips
Maximum fun dot org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
We're Dave and Graham and we host stop podcasting yourself
We started this podcast back in 2008 before podcasts had to have any kind of concept
So we don't really know how to describe it
It's kind of like going to the barber shop if your barber knew all about the first season of the show elf
It's like a 90-minute massage where the masseuse is two people talking to each other with a third person
It's like the monsters of metal tour only quieter. No music and just talking
It's like a make out session, but without the lips touching they just talk a lot
Download stop podcasting yourself from iTunes or maximum fun.org
