The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
And me? Well, I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your youngest one, Griffin McElroy. Why do we laugh? We record these on Thursdays,
we have no fucking idea what kind of a weekend ahead of us we have.
Laughter may not be the order of the day come Monday afternoon,
but I don't know, man. May as well laugh when you can, right?
Hey, all things considered, not a bad week. All things considered, not a bad week.
Comparatively, all things considered, if you were to take all things into consideration,
not a bad week, here's what I was going to say. If you told me one calendar year ago
that the week that contained a day that I woke up with a fever thinking I had a deadly virus,
then got tested for that deadly virus, and I would think of that week as a pretty good week.
Yeah. I would have not believed what you were saying.
I would not have believed it, but that situation did transpire.
Yeah. Everything's fine. But still, pretty good week.
You know, if you had told me when I was a young lad of, say, eight or nine,
that there would come a week where a fly landing on someone's head was national news,
I would have laughed in your face. So fucking funny.
And he landed there. I would have laughed in your face.
The bug landed there because it was shit, and he smelled the shit,
and he wanted to eat it and barf on it, which is what flies do.
That's pretty much what everyone's going with.
Oh, shit. It's fucking good, man.
I do want to point out two things. One, still very bad things
happen during the week. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was a terrible, terrible, terrible week. But also, it's Thursday at 1.42 central time,
which is the only time zone that matters to me.
By the time this episode comes out, there are three days, dudes,
where totally not righteous stuff can, will…
Yeah, will happen.
Yeah, we're recording this several days before, so absolutely.
So I don't know why you guys are calling this fucking wild.
I guess it's…
Calendar. I'm going by calendar. Since last Thursday.
Thursday to Thursday. Pretty bad week.
Now, let me say this. If we were able to cut and paste this week into, say, 2011,
this would have been the worst week of 2011. You know what I mean?
That's what I'm talking about. But here, in 2020…
A fly landed on our American vice president's head.
Wouldn't that have been ironic? Where it landed on Joe Biden's head back in 2010?
Oh, now the dots are starting to connect. Thank you, Travis.
The fly was a little tiny drone.
That's wild to think about.
But it's definitely true.
Now, here's what I'm wondering.
Yeah.
Are we going to say, man, I hope this isn't true, but like in 2030,
we'll look back on this week and be like, no one can withstand this.
You're probably right. Or maybe we'll look back and be like,
there's no way that week happened.
If I'm still allowed to think in 2030, I will consider that a success.
That's fair.
That will be a high watermark.
That is fair. That is fair.
This is my brother, my brother, me. It's the Vice Show for the Modern Era.
We're so happy to be here with you.
We got a special guest, the fly!
Haha, here he is.
I can't believe we…
I landed on the dude's head because the things he's saying is total bullshit.
So are you voting for Joe Biden?
I'm actually, as all bugs are, a registered libertarian.
I've heard Jorgensen like Ken Bone.
I did have a thought, you guys.
Can you imagine, here we are four years later,
to be Ken Bone and to look at the news and realize
I share the same amount of like public affection as a fly does now.
Like in 2016, he was the fly.
The fly is the Ken Bone of 2020.
The fly is the Ken Bone, the Ken Bone is the fly.
That must be a sobering realization.
I cannot believe…
Can we briefly, I'm just going to briefly talk about Ken Bone,
who is, by the way, not a good person.
No, okay.
Judging by the Reddit history, not a good person, Ken Bone.
So I want to say that upfront established.
Second thing I want to say, can you imagine there was a person
who was so hee-haw stupid that they couldn't pick
who they wanted to be the president and a real reporter,
a paid reporter was like,
I have got to check back in with that dude and see where his head was at.
He was so, so absolutely out of his melon that he couldn't make a decision.
I wonder where his head is at now.
This is a big thinker.
I got to see where he's at.
I got to see where he's at.
A free thinker.
A free thinker.
Think of it that way, Chewce.
He's free to take his vote and flush it right on the fucking toilet.
Okay.
Ken Bone also probably doesn't…
He probably only owns red sweaters, right?
At this point, he's a full-blown…
Yeah.
He's a full-blown bone.
Full-blown bone.
That's his thing, you know what I mean?
Like, he only knows how to be Ken Bone.
I hope he's doing the con circuit.
Anyway, listen…
I hope he's not because if he is, I'm going to have to see him
and I'm going to have to say,
I wish they could have gotten the fly.
It's too bad the fly is too popular.
God, we could do more fly stuff,
but you know it's going to be on SNL
and this will come out after I smell the funky that we're beating.
Well, let's call it.
Oh, let's call it.
This will be fun.
We're recording this three days before then.
What do you think is going to…
I think it'll be probably a weekend update bit.
Fuck.
Oh, no, no, no.
It's in the intro.
Oh, really?
They zoom in on the fly and it's like Fred Armisen is back to be the fly.
Oh, shit.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
What if it's like a Godfather kind of thing where they got Jim Carrey.
He's playing Jabiden and Jabiden is like sitting in his desk,
but it's like, you know, one downward light and the fly comes
and Jabiden's like, you did it.
The thing I…
Yeah, now what can I do for you?
And the fly's like, I just want a big pile of shit.
Yeah.
Until like do rails up or whatever.
I haven't seen Godfather.
And then Jabiden's like, you got it.
Live from New York, it's Saturday night.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Didn't watch…
Couldn't bring myself to watch Jim Carrey's Jabiden
because I just saw the thumbnail image and I was like, I don't think…
My anxiety over this election is so high that I do not need my mayonnaise ventura in there,
sort of poking about my neurons, getting them all twisted up, getting me…
I mean, busting my gut, busting my family's gut for sure.
I guess I just worry that if I saw it, it would bust my gut so hard
that all my intestines would spill out.
Yeah, happens sometimes.
Which would be pretty spooky.
Yeah.
Happy Halloween, everybody.
All right.
Oh, the fly.
Sexy the fly is going to be huge this Halloween.
Oh my God.
Sexy the fly.
I mean, flies are already…
What if they get…
What if they get Goblin?
Oh.
Oh.
What if they get Goblin though?
What if they get Goblin?
Okay, let's help.
Last week, after working at my current job for nearly two and a half years,
my boss finally granted me lockup privileges.
Nice.
That is, of course, if you haven't been in a job for a while,
you are allowed to lock up insubordinate employees until they do things the Subway way.
Right, in the boo-boo box.
Yeah, which is also where they keep the vegetables.
When he gave me the key, he said, now, don't you lose this.
And throughout the week, he kept telling me to take good care of it.
At the end of the last day, before I was going to open the store by myself for the first time,
he said, you sure you're ready?
You haven't lost the key?
I got so annoyed that I kind of snapped.
No, I haven't lost it since the last time you asked.
Now, I'm sure you can tell where this is going.
Because when I got home, I couldn't find the damn key anywhere.
So please, how the hell do I tell my boss that I lost the freaking key?
Do I just not open the store tomorrow and I hope he doesn't notice?
How will I ever gain back his misplaced trust that's from lockdown and ashamed?
Oh, you're never going to, you're never going to gain back that trust.
How did you, how could you possibly have fucked this up so bad?
So frustrated with you.
You gotta-
I'll tell you my theory.
My theory, as you, like, when your boss handed it to you,
it fell out of your pocket as you were leaving the room, like that long ago.
And your boss picked it up and was like, well,
I'm going to give them a fucking hard time about this.
I love that.
That's very possible.
The boss knew the whole time.
Oh yeah, or the boss stole it.
Yeah, I mean-
They caught me if you can, dear.
I have a good, I mean, to use another film reference as a solution,
it's Wonderful Life.
Huh.
Oh, your uncle Billy.
Your uncle, your uncle Billy, you lost the key or the money or the key.
And so George is like, um, this sucks.
But then I'm fucked, I'm fucked, oh man.
I'm fucked, you fucked me, Billy.
I told my boss-
You fucked me.
Billy, Billy, I'm fucked.
You make me look like a real fucking idiot.
Billy.
Well, well, well, well, you fucked me in the ass, Billy.
Billy, I got kids, Billy, you fuck.
I'm an angel.
Billy, you're fucking me in front of my kids.
I'm an angel sent by Jesus, but I can't even around all this.
Billy, are you pulling my hair?
Are you pulling my hair?
Because I like to have my hair pulled when I get fucked, Billy.
That was a long interruption for what is not going to be a very good idea.
But I was saying that all the townspeople who you've helped with your generosity
and selflessness over the years will come and give you their keys.
Now, unless those townspeople live at the subway,
girlfriend, it's not going to help.
Well, I think that one of the keys will be close enough to fit that it'll open the door.
That's true.
You could use God's keys, which is what I call a brick.
Okay.
Smash that door in.
And then when your boss comes, you say,
I found it like this, boss, but I'm not leaving here until it gets repaired.
And bad news, somebody stole the key too out of my pocket while I was picking up glass.
What's bad is like, I was going to suggest that.
So that is actually troubling.
What, the smashing the window or the stealing the key?
Smashing the window, you put a brick through the window,
you reach around, you open it, and they're like, they got you.
I'm sorry, boss, but they got you.
They got you again.
Classic prank.
The old window brick.
Can I do a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that.
This one was sent in by Steven.
Thank you, Steven.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, real quick to jump back.
You should tell your boss you lost it
because the satisfaction they'll feel at that will be so overwhelmingly positive for them.
Yeah.
Brandon asks, stupid Power Rangers question.
Yeah.
No such thing, but go on.
There's no such thing as a stupid Power Rangers question.
Just stupid people.
Just stupid Power Rangers.
Stupid actors.
In the beginning of the show, when Zordon needs new Power Rangers,
why did he ask for teenagers with attitudes?
Wouldn't it be better to get some guys that have formal special ops training?
It just seems irresponsible.
No.
Oh, God, that is a stupid...
I'm sorry, that is a stupid question.
Obviously, Zordon wanted to be able to train them himself, right?
If you get people with special ops training,
they're gonna do it the way they've been trained.
Okay, but Zordon doesn't ever pop out of his hologram display and is like,
let me show you teens how to do a real bicycle kick.
This is where to put your hands to snap a man's neck.
And that fucking robot's not teaching them how to do their moves.
Alpha 5, no way.
No way, so they just have their little power coins
and that gives them all the training they need.
Zordon doesn't teach them shit.
So a little bit of endemic, systemic fighting knowledge
in a stable adult with a 401k,
like somebody who is financially independent and just very confident in themselves.
Okay, Griffin, let's try that out.
I'll get the adult with formal special ops training like I have
and you are Zordon trying to recruit me to your Power Ranger group, I guess.
Yes, okay, Toady, I am Zordon, I know that you know all kinds of cool fighting moves
and you have a big job with the city and an apartment in the city.
You are in a long-term dating relationship.
Yeah, it's getting pretty serious.
And your fighting abilities are, they exist and you can do them.
Yes, I can.
So Rita Repulsa is back and she's-
She's got all of her gooey guys doing their bad stuff.
Okay, what do you want me to do?
Well, I'm going to, let me fucking finish.
Okay.
I have this little power coin and it lets you turn,
it changes your clothes into different, like a superhero clothes
and then you will get sometimes a dinosaur robot.
Well, I like the dinosaur robot part, but like, what does it pay?
I told you about the power coin and the dinosaur robot.
No, I know that, but like, as you mentioned, I have an apartment, I need to pay rent.
Like, what's the pay?
Excuse me for a moment, Toady.
Okay.
Can my girlfriend's kids come hang out at the power base or whatever?
Because sometimes I, and like, what's parking and like, what's the healthcare scenario?
I actually watch them, she goes to night school, so I actually watch them a lot of the time.
They're cool.
Most, you can give them like a Paw Patrol coloring book and they'll be fine.
They'll be fine.
Or make them, what's it, power people or whatever?
Yeah, can they be like tiny power people?
Wait, why didn't I think of that?
I can just make everyone on earth power people.
And then, and then Rita's really fucked, isn't she?
Well, have you thought about like restructuring, what's a robot for?
I mean, no offense robot, but like-
Well, sometimes the gooey guys get real big, Toady.
Uh-huh.
Do you think Zordon's ever like, you didn't lose your morpher, did you?
Did you?
Did you?
Promise me.
Yeah, sorry, my mom found my morpher and she used it.
So now she's just flying a pterodactyl around.
My mom found my morpher and she thought it was a bong and she grounded me, Zordon.
Now I can't do any crime fighting today.
So thanks so much, Zordon.
Thanks so much.
Please FaceTime my mom.
Please take my mom on a date so she will-
Zordon, I need you to seduce my mom.
Zordon, seduce my mom so she'll leave the house
and I can foil Rita Repulse's plans once again.
How many fucking times do I have to tell you, dad?
I mean, Zordon, oops.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry, Zordad.
Happens to me all the time.
Get the fuck out of here.
Get out of here.
What is the robot's name?
Isn't it Alpha Five?
It's Alpha Five, as I said.
Okay, sure, sure, sure.
Do you think that Power Rangers ever asked Zordon for help with their homework?
Yeah.
Yeah, probably.
There's probably-
And Alpha Five's a robot.
Just do my-
Hey, listen, here's the deal.
If you want me to fight Rita Repulse,
you gotta do my homework for me, Alpha Five, because I can't get it.
These kids are gonna be so busy fighting crime,
they're gonna go to college and they're gonna be like,
so anyway, open your books.
And they're like, I never learned to read.
I was too busy punching a big, I don't know, octopus thing.
Hey, Zordon, how do you ask a girl on a date?
Ah, you just teleport her to your science station,
and give her a big coin.
I don't think that's okay.
That doesn't seem right.
Have you tried showing her your xenon crystals?
No.
No, I mean, I'm without consent.
I didn't think she would like my xenon crystals.
I think if I did get visited by an angel of Zordon's,
and they offered me to be a grown-up Power Ranger,
I would probably, and like they would give me a coin
that let me transform into cool suits and get a dinosaur robot,
I still think it's gonna be a no.
Like as neat as that sounds, it also sounds like a great deal of work
for what, as Justin pointed, or as Travis pointed out,
one of you fucking guys pointed out,
is an unpaid internship with a space alien.
And if I'm being honest, I mean, I'm 36 years old,
almost 37, I got two kids, but the truth is,
being a Power Ranger is a level of responsibility
I don't think I can handle,
and I don't even mean like fighting the bad guys.
I mean, those Zords look pretty difficult to pilot.
I think I fucked that up pretty bad,
and I don't think you can get insurance on those dang things.
It's just that Rita's gonna keep sending her gooey guys.
So like, it's easy for me to say no,
I don't want this responsibility,
and somebody braver with me with more free time would say yes,
but I guess that makes me a bad person.
Shit.
No.
The major thing would have made sense
if he had only gotten homeschool kids.
Okay.
Go go Mighty Morphin homeschool kid Power Rangers.
Now why is that?
Then it's like they have incredible adult-shaped bodies,
lithe, powerful, in the prime of their lives.
Okay.
But they also like don't have to be in school.
They could just sort of tell their mom like,
listen mom, I'm gonna go, I don't know,
actualize or something.
What do homeschool parents like to do?
That's it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That kind of thing.
I'm gonna meditate.
Hey, weren't the Big Bad Beetleborgs like literally 10?
We actually, Travis, I got a letter.
Oh no.
Yeah, I got a letter from podcasts that we are,
we as a podcast have talked about Big Bad Beetleborgs.
The maximum number of times.
We used up our Big Bad Beetle quota.
Yeah, we did.
It looks like in 2022 more slots are gonna open up, Travis.
So like episode six, like 623 or so,
if my math adds up, maybe we can.
I'll save it.
What we are doing is entering into sort of a cap and trade
situation with 99% invisible,
which to my knowledge has never talked about
Big Bad Beetleborgs.
That's the other 1%.
That's the 1% right there.
We're buying some of their credits
and in exchange we have to plug the 99% invisible city,
the new book from Roman Mars and 99% invisible.
We have to plug that and then they are in exchange
for talking about their fantastic book.
We're gonna get a few credits to talk about Big Bad Beetleborgs.
Okay, why was the house haunted?
Doesn't that seem like a hat on a hat?
Yeah, you're fighting things in your Big Bad Beetleborgs
but also your house is like a haunted house.
What the fuck?
That's really how you're gonna, huh?
Well, that's how I'm gonna use it.
You guys can try it.
Let me try this.
Okay.
Boy howdy, the genie character sure looks offensive
but I can't put my finger on to which peoples.
I think it's only to Jay Leno.
It's offensive to Jay Leno's?
Wow, he does sure look a hell of a lot like Joseph Leno.
It's a good amount.
Yeah, it's a good amount that a flabber looks like Joseph Leno.
It does kind of look like someone said,
hey, can you draw Joseph Leno from memory?
And they said, yeah, I think so.
I think so.
Do you think the Power Rangers ever went to Zordon's secret cave
when there wasn't stuff to do
and they just wanted somebody to talk to?
Yeah.
I'm not really comfortable with this.
This isn't like a social thing.
This isn't, I have other things that I don't think you did.
I have my own friends.
I like to separate work and home.
I'm binging justified.
This isn't my thing.
No spoilers.
I'm only on season two.
Now leave me in my giant bong.
My parents have been fighting a lot lately.
Oh gosh.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, Rita's attacking the aquarium.
Oh no.
Do you want another mammoth robot?
Hold on, let me see what I got in the back.
Okay, I'm going to send you to the moon.
I'm going to send you to the moon?
Is that anything?
I got a plesiosaur robot back here.
Will that help with your parents fighting?
Probably.
I don't think so, Zordon.
I brought Tommy back from the dead.
How does that make you feel?
Okay.
Here's another question.
I was out on my lunch break running a few errands
when I spotted a taco truck.
It honestly sounded amazing.
So I pulled over.
Few problems though.
Truck was parked in the parking lot of fire station
and everyone in line had matching shirts.
Was this taco truck only for the firefighters
and everyone working there?
How do I get in on this lunch?
That's from Desperate for Tacos in Des Moines.
This is, boys, this is a choice cut.
This is a quandary that I feel like nobody
has really tried to solve.
So I feel like we have an opportunity right here
to plant our flag in this fertile ground.
Now I'm going to give the question asker
the benefit of the doubt
and say that if the food from said truck
had been given away for free,
that would have been mentioned in the question, right?
So I'm going to assume that this wasn't like,
oh, the chief paid for lunch for everybody or whatever.
No, there's a food truck here
and they're selling their food
and you can come and get it.
But this is clearly a function.
This is clearly a firefighter function.
But what's the harm in?
Yeah, it's a business.
It's a business.
They do want to make money.
Now here's where I would feel bad
if we're being honest.
I hopped last in line thinking like,
well, I'll go last
and then some other firefighters line up behind me
and they're waiting behind me.
Do I need to rotate back
and stay in the back of the line?
Cause I'm not a firefighter.
I don't think so.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Or else you're not going to get your great,
you know, kimchi fries
or whatever it is that you're getting
from this food truck.
Honesty, I wouldn't.
I wouldn't do it.
Well, no.
But I'm afraid of firefighters.
Yeah.
I wouldn't do it
because I'm afraid of doing the wrong thing in public.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I would worry that I would get up there
and someone somewhere on earth might think,
well, he shouldn't do that.
And then I would melt into the ground and die.
And that's what I need to avoid.
With a food truck,
there's always the concern
that you hand them the money
and then they just drive away.
Yeah.
Fuck, that's happened to me
so many times where I go,
I'm like, oh, a nice gooey burger.
I'll take one.
Here's $15.
Vroom, gone.
It's like every time.
Every time?
Yeah, I'm starting to think about it, guys.
I've never actually gotten food out of a truck.
They always take my money
and just drive right off.
You know what, Griffin?
Now that you mention it,
there's not as many food trucks here in Cincinnati.
Yeah.
But yeah, every time.
Huh.
They've got a new one called Bite Me.
It's a food truck
with Asian street food type stuff.
You got, wait,
you got food trucks in Huntington?
Well, sort of.
It was in Barborsville.
It was parked outside the Family Dollar
that used to be a Rite Aid, you know?
Glow Up.
I drove up there, right?
Because I wanted,
I saw on Facebook they were there
and they were moving around a lot.
So I was like, I'd love to try this truck.
So I get in the car
and I drive up with my family.
I put my family in the car.
Okay.
Okay.
That's your first mistake.
I drive up there.
I get my mask.
I think, well, you know,
we haven't had any sort of dining experiences
in terms of like sitting in a restaurant or anything
and I'm not going to sit in this truck,
but I feel like it's fairly safe for me
to roll up there with my mask,
get me some food, eat it in my car.
So I drove up there
and I go to the guy
and I walk up to the truck
and I'm kind of standing there
and he's kind of looking at me
and I'm kind of looking at him
and he's got a Legend of Korra t-shirt on.
That's not relevant.
Just, I want to get a little color in there.
Yeah.
And I'm kind of standing there like a dummy
and then eventually he's like,
as if he doesn't know why I'm there.
It just occurs to him
and he's like, sorry,
we are sold out of everything.
Oh.
And it's like, I am me.
So I'm instantly mortified
that I have bothered this person
who no longer has food.
So I start compulsively congratulating him
on such a successful sales day.
Normal.
That's wonderful.
I was just checking, you win.
I just had to stop by and say,
I heard that you did it
and I just wanted to confirm you did it.
He said, and then he said,
we won't be here next week
but we'll be here the week after that.
Now, I want to say two things
about this person's business strategy.
One, they did not tell me
where they would be next week.
So there's other places I can go to.
You saw my car.
It's five feet away.
Right.
He would not reveal to me
where he was going to be.
So it might have been
a secret firefighter only invitational
is the one thing I want to say.
The other thing I want to say is like,
when you ran out of food in your food truck
and you've told people
where your food truck is,
shouldn't you, at that point,
drive away to a different location?
Your restaurant is empty.
It's no longer a restaurant.
Now it's just a truck
with a picture of a walk on the outside.
Please drive away.
Please don't make me walk up to your empty truck.
That would be like me walking up to,
at that point, I'm walking up to any truck
and just expecting to be served.
You got food?
Hey, you got food?
Well, and here, Justin,
if I might suggest a food truck saves you.
Like if you're in a restaurant, right?
You have to wait for food supplies
to be delivered to you.
If you run out of food in your food truck,
might suggest driving to the store.
Yeah.
Just go get some more food
and then come back and keep making more money.
Do you think one of the toughest parts
of owning a food truck is investing
in a really good hiding place for your food truck?
Because you can't, you can't be able to,
people shouldn't be able to see it
if it's not, if you aren't slinging bergs.
So like you need, it's a truck, so it's big.
So like getting garage space for it
must be pretty tough.
You think it's just like a big tarp
that they throw over them?
I'll tell you what I do, Griffin.
Yeah.
Palm fronds.
Palm fronds.
Yep, yep.
That way, anyone comes by my house,
front of my house is just a big pile of palm fronds.
Nothing to see here, just some palm fronds.
That Korean barbecue truck is covered in palm fronds.
I'm not following the aesthetic, the theme.
Justin, I want you to know, it really bothers me.
And I want to admit, I can't quite put a finger on it.
I don't know that you did anything wrong,
but something about getting in a car
to drive to a food truck is weird to me.
Yeah.
Because I was under the impression
that the business model was such
that the reverse was true.
But if a food truck parks somewhere
and then says, you have to come to me,
I feel like maybe something has gone wrong.
I mean, you're not wrong.
But then if that's the case,
they've limited their audience
to a Venn diagram of family dollar employees
that would love a bon me on the go.
Yeah.
Which I'm not saying is zero,
but is that a sustainable business?
I don't know.
Well, then what about driving around,
maybe play some music from the top
to let people know you're coming.
Now we're talking.
And you just run out of your front door
and get a bon me.
Do you want bon mes?
They're so crunchy, crunchy, green.
Now go on.
I don't know that I can do this again.
We have pork flavor and have tofu queen.
Okay, was there a comment here?
Important question.
Yeah.
We got tofu queen.
That was a sort of interjection.
An interjectory queen.
I'm tired of giving away free money
to other businesses that don't deserve it.
I want to make some money for our business.
That deserves it.
That deserves it.
Because we're promising young people.
And we're doing our best.
And we don't have a truck.
Listen, if I could drive around
in a truck and podcast, I would.
I mean, fucking Alex Jones seems to have figured it out.
Let's go to the money's up.
Squarespace, deal with it.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, I'm sick and tired of being nice.
And it's time to get real.
You want a website.
You don't have a website.
You don't even know how to make a website.
Squarespace knows how to make websites
and they will help you make one.
You could showcase your work,
sell products and services of all kinds,
and promote your physical online business.
It's 2020.
How many times do I have to tell you about Squarespace
before you get off your duff
and then put your duff down in front of a computer
and go to Squarespace
while your duff rests comfortably in a chair?
That way you can get to Squarespace's
beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
Everything optimized for mobile right out of the box,
analytics to help you grow in real time,
free and secure hosting,
and nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
And then once you've built your website,
pick your duff back up,
move it back over to where it was,
maybe the couch?
I don't know.
And then sit and wait for a new season
of your favorite TV show.
I'm gonna say Mindhunter.
I don't know.
Go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10%
of your first purchase of a website or domain.
Then go on Twitter
and let's talk about the new season of Mindhunter.
Travis is really lonely out here.
I don't even know if there is a new season of Mindhunter.
I don't know when it's coming out.
I could have said-
I don't even know what Mindhunter is a hundred percent.
I know!
Groff's in it, I think.
I think the Groff's in it.
And I could have said Supernatural
and instead I said Mindhunter.
Dude, I'm kicking myself.
I do appreciate adding a little spice travel variety
to what is typically a sort of supernatural stew
that you cook up week in, week out on this podcast.
Quip also is sponsoring this episode
and they have electric toothbrushes.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
I feel like we're coming at the listeners
pretty hot and heavy in this ad break.
You know what?
Sometimes they need a fire under their doves, Griffin.
Talk about the doves a lot.
Show me your fucking teeth.
Whoa.
Show me those fucking hobgoblin teeth.
Okay, now you're getting mean.
Pop out your grill.
Let's see them.
Ew!
No, Griffin-
You need to clean those.
No, you're trying to energize, Griffin.
Not like insult.
Oh, let me try.
Let me see your fucking teeth.
Whoa.
All right, all right, all right.
Well, you need to maintain those
using equip a smart electric toothbrush
because they've gamified oral hygiene
in a really fun way
because they've got a new smart electric toothbrush
that can get you great perks
as you form good brushing habits.
Things like free products, gift cards, and more.
And there's a smart brush.
It's for adults and kids
that connects to the Quip app via Bluetooth
and it tracks how well you brush
and you can get tips on-
More like white tooth.
Sorry?
More like white tooth.
Say again?
More like white tooth.
Because it'll turn-
Because yeah, sure.
Yeah, absolutely, Trav.
Thank you.
You get it.
So yeah, it'll track how good you're at brushing
and then it'll give you things
like free products and gift cards
and discounts from Quip and their partners.
And yeah, if you already have a Quip
you can upgrade it with a smart motor
which lets you keep the features that you know and love
and get all these other cool things.
You can get brush head, toothpaste, floss refills
delivered from just five bucks.
So start getting rewards for your brushing your teeth today
and go to getquip.com slash my brother right now
to get your first refill free.
That's your first refill free at getquip.com slash my brother
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P dot com slash my brother.
Quip, better oral health made simple and rewarding.
Finally, there's a point to brushing your teeth.
I know, right?
I'm very excited.
Yeah, my dentist is gonna be fucking psyched.
Video games, video games, video games.
You like them?
Maybe you wish you had more time for them.
Maybe you want to know the best ones to play.
Maybe you want to know what happens to Mario when he dies.
In that case, you should check out TripleClick.
It's a podcast about video games.
A podcast about video games?
But I don't have time for that.
Sure you do.
Once a week, Kickback is three video game experts
give you everything from critical takes
on the hottest new releases.
To scoops, interviews, and explanations
about how video games work.
To fascinating and sometimes weird stories
about the games we love.
TripleClick is hosted by me, Kirk Hamilton.
Me, Jason Shire.
And me, Maddy Meyers.
You can find TripleClick wherever you get your podcasts
and listen at MaximumFun.org.
Bye.
I want to munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Do host.
Munch.
Munch host.
Do host.
We scuffle.
Munch.
The Welcome Munch Squad.
It's a radio show.
A radio show.
And it's a radio show.
And it's a radio show.
And it's a radio show.
The Welcome Munch Squad, it's a podcast within a podcast,
profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
Sunset, it's sunset years.
Yeah, sunsetting, I believe.
Yeah, it's in the twilight years of this bit
until I come up with a better bit,
which you wouldn't think would be that hard,
but here we are.
KFC is gonna introduce new signature dipping sauce
nationwide on October 12th.
And as the crow flies, my friend,
that is possibly the day you're listening to this.
Kentucky Fried Chicken announced Thursday
that it is launching a new signature dipping sauce
that's sure to make fried chicken fans rejoice.
Introducing KFC sauce.
That's a signature sauce that's tangy and sweet
with a bit of smokiness specifically designed
to pair with crispy tenders.
It kind of seems like they threw a lot of flavor words
in there, huh?
That's great.
You get umami, umami and umami mixed up in there, I like it.
When we set out to create a new signature sauce,
we went right to the experts, our customers, to find out.
Now hold on, I've eaten at KFC
and I'll tell you right now, I am not.
You're a fucking tourist.
Don't call yourself a KFC customer.
Well, there was a time in my younger years.
Oh boy, oh boy.
We went to our customers to find out
what made a sauce best in class for dipping.
It needs to be viscous.
Yeah, it can't be so wet
that it just runs right off the tender.
But also not too solid.
I wanna be able to put the tender in.
The tender has to be able to enter the spicy liquid.
It is weird to think that dipping,
the physical act of dipping was the primary concern,
not the eating that would follow.
No, no, no, that's secondary.
If you get that primary thing wrong
and you either can't get the tender in there
or the tender don't pick nothing up,
well, after that, friend,
what it tastes like don't mean nothing.
That's from Andrea Zachiminsky,
the chief marketing officer of KFC US.
You know what?
A lot of times they put the chief marketing officer
in these things and I kind of find that frustrating
because their whole job is to sell stuff,
so how can I know I can trust them?
Yeah, right.
Give me the head of R&D.
Yeah, I want an impartial person
that doesn't care if I eat it or not to bring me my news.
You know, just trying to get me to eat it.
I wanna know what flavors they tried to put in the sauce
but couldn't quite make it work.
I wanna know their shortcomings.
Well, our first idea was chicken flavored sauce.
We figured let's enhance it,
so we just ground up a bunch of chicken.
It's just like eating the chicken you know,
it's that much wetter.
But then the problem was people just slurped the sauce
and they left the salad chicken alone
and we said this is too dangerous for any one man to have.
They came in and said they don't want the chicken anymore.
They just want the sauce.
It was too powerful.
We buried it in a bunker underneath our HQ
where it shall remain and be studied by top men.
Until Rick and Morty does a fucking hysterical
chicken sauce episode.
Andrea continued, we went through 50 iterations
and the response to this recipe was overwhelming.
I'm assuming that response was
please stop making me eat this fucking sauce.
Just let me see my family.
Let me sleep for fuck's sake.
It's been 10 days.
Beginning October 12th in all KFC US restaurants.
What a logistical effort this is.
Fried chicken dipping fans, which apparently exists,
can enjoy the new signature KFC sauce
along with a newly revamped core sauce lineup
of classic ranch, honey BBQ, and honey mustard
in addition to KFC hot sauce.
Oh, thank God.
I was afraid you weren't gonna say the hot sauce, you know?
Yeah.
Those who love dipping do indeed take sauces seriously.
Some going so far as to deem chicken an edible spoon
for sauce or a vessel for flavor.
That's a fucking sentence from this rest release.
I kid you not.
Hey, why did you guys stop hanging out with Derek?
Oh, you'll never believe the bullshit he said.
I know you know Derek says a lot of bullshit,
but the other day we were eating fried chicken
and he said yum yum edible spoon vessel flavor
flavor vessel and I had to get the fuck out of there
as fast as I could and get the kids out.
I left Jean there.
I haven't seen her since.
I don't know what happened to her.
I miss my wife.
I'm so scared.
For many, forgetting the sauce is a meal ruiner.
In a recent survey from DoorDash, 75% of Americans
say their meal is ruined if the sauces are forgotten.
Oh boy.
And 20% say sauce is the single most important part
of a great fried chicken meal.
Okay, sometimes I just get a bag of sauce.
Can you imagine being put into a position
where you, a human being on the Earth,
has to try to come up with an opinion about
the most important part of a great fried chicken meal?
Yeah, it's the chicken.
Everybody's the chicken.
The flavor of the chicken and how good it tastes to eat it.
Let me, okay, listen.
I like dipping.
I don't know who the profile of this person is.
I don't know who this person is who's like,
oh, why do I get a fried chicken?
Thank you so much for asking.
I like to put it into things.
Yeah, I like how it's a spoon you can eat
and I'm a dirt bag.
Luckily for those who love dipping,
KFC's extra crispy TM tenders
are perfectly designed for dipping
in the sense that they're edible and physical.
They're perfectly designed for dipping
and elevate the overall sauce experience.
The hills and valleys created by KFC's extra crispy breading
form little lakes of sauce on every tender,
making the final bite crispy, crunchy,
and bursting with flavor.
And you know, if you're eating KFC,
it may very well be the final bite, period.
So who knows?
The wild topography of these crunchy boys.
What's that?
Oh, it's a hidden cavern full of delicious sauce.
Oh, and a dragon's gold.
I'm Sir David Attenborough.
Observe the gazelle as it gallops
through the different nooks and crannies to celebrate.
This is, it is amazing at this point of this press release
and I'm not even to the part that I was really excited about.
To celebrate its new signature KFC sauce,
KFC's head chef, Chris Scott,
created three KFC charcuterie recipes.
Oh boy.
Yes, I was waiting for it.
So far I was like, this is informative and interesting,
but not that wild.
Where's the actionable part?
Where's the part that I can do at home?
Well, good news from chef Chris Scott.
Who under duress developed these recipes.
Yeah, he has as terms of his resignation
created as his final act.
Who upon the KFC submitting his charcuterie recipes
was handed a vial of the anti-toxin for his family.
He printed it on the back of his resignation letter.
They're KFC charcuterie, it doesn't trip off the top,
but you get the idea, right?
KFC charcuterie.
Bored recipes, you can try it at home.
Charcuterie doesn't have to be all cold cuts,
cheeses and crackers.
Sure.
It can also be delicious comfort foods
like extra crispy tenders,
secret recipe fries and indulgent sauces.
That's just a meal.
That's one of Colonel Sanders' standard meals.
You know, charcuterie doesn't have to be meat and cheese.
Sometimes you can just be a bowl of oatmeal.
Sometimes you can be a child's laughter.
Or just some loose grass you picked up from the ground
and sprinkled on someone's car.
Charcuterie doesn't have to be all cold cuts.
It can be watching half of episode two
in your hotel room while you're drunk.
It can be anything.
It can be a fucking Toyota Yaris.
Get out of here.
They are both fun to create and to eat.
And I know around my house, we are definitely in need
of some creative ways to break up the monotony
of meals at home.
Oh boy.
Okay.
Oh, my fucking kids.
So we're baking KFC charcuterie.
Oh, my fucking kids.
Oh, my partner.
Oh, it's so fucking boring.
Please, KFC.
The process and assembly of a charcuterie board
have become a creative outlet for many
and has recently become a social media phenomenon.
On TikTok, videos associated with the hashtag
hashtag charcuterie have been viewed
more than 224.8 million times.
And many popular charcuterie creators
have gained notoriety for their elaborate
and mouthwatering creations.
You know what I'm going on TikTok right now?
If you see, Trav, Trav, Trav.
If you see anyone doing a funny Fortnite dance on there,
you make sure to let me know.
I'm not seeing any KFC yet.
Okay, let me just scroll down.
Oh, Fortnite dance.
Yeah, which one?
I'll tell you, what I did see before I saw KFC
was somebody making a McDonald's charcuterie board
and it looks like they figured that one out
all on their own without any recipes.
They didn't need a press release or anything.
Huh, here's a Chick-fil-A charcuterie board.
Oh, no.
What's on that?
Chick-fil-A food.
And a little New Testament.
I wish it was easier to keep track
of whether or not it was permissible
to eat Chick-fil-A at any given moment.
Just go ahead and assume no.
Yeah, that's a safe assumption, isn't it?
One easy way to remember how to find this podcast
is just go to kfcrcuterie.com and you're going to find
that I fucking snagged it from them.
No, you know what?
I'm gonna make it redirect to Bojangles.
I just decided that instead. Oh my God, Justin.
I'm gonna do that, or Zaxby's.
No, you know what?
Zaxby's. Okay.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Let's see, the charcuteries are the KFC Little Dipper,
a snackable combination of KFC Extra Crispy Chicken Tenders,
secret recipe fries
paired with your favorite dipping sauces.
So that's just- A meal.
A meal. A meal.
From KFC. And with a Sprite on the side.
So there's also the Kentucky Game Night Trio.
That's Kentucky Fried Buffalo Wings,
KFC Extra Crispy Tenders, and secret recipe fries
complemented by KFC sauce and grocery items
like blue cheese, fresh celery, and more.
It's an admission that with a little bit of work
and some products from your local grocery store,
you could make this palatable.
Listen, we've talked a lot of shit about KFC,
but KFC, if you want to partner with me
for like a Travis McElroy meal,
like Travis McElroy, he's pretty cool.
And we're gonna make a meal that is,
this is what Travis McElroy eats when he comes to KFC.
I will happily do that.
I will do that. Please, this isn't-
You have not had the legwork on Yum Brands, Travis.
I don't know how to tell you this,
but you have not done the kind of research
into Yum Brands that you would need to.
Oh, are you saying you have?
To commit to something like that.
Oh, are they- Wait, Justin.
Are they shitheads?
Everybody is.
Oh, man.
Twist.
Ugh.
So that's the scoop on the KFC charcuterie.
You can make that at home.
I guess what they're saying,
what they're really saying with this,
if I could just be so bold,
what they're really saying with this is put it on a plate.
Yeah. Put it on a plate
and you'll feel better about how things are going.
A wooden plate.
Maybe, and this is gonna mean different things
to different people, arrange it.
Okay.
Interesting. Speak on that.
What I would do- Travis, just explain
how to do that in a way that screams class.
I would take the tenders and kind of do them
in like an alternating like log tower,
like you would perhaps Jenga, maybe.
Oh, that's gonna look real good.
And then just pour the sauce down the middle.
So it fills it up.
Okay. That's funny, Trav.
Yeah, and then put a little roof on top of it
and then maybe sprinkle it.
I don't know how this will work with it,
but like with icing sugar,
so it looks like a snowy wonderland
and then maybe add some little marshmallow snowmen,
maybe glue some M&Ms on there, a little Santa Claus.
What were we talking about?
I was about to ask a question, unless Griffin has a Yahoo.
Yeah, I mean, gosh, we should address this one.
It was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thanks, Graham.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user
who I am gonna call them.
Denise asks,
how can I make my dad like corn?
Oh, Griffin, C or K.
C or K, C or K, C or K.
It's a C.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Good, my 100% dad's like corn theory still holds.
With a K, right?
Yes, thank you.
We need to be able to,
it is so fucked up that these two,
I'm trying to teach Henry the phonetic alphabet
and it's so fucked up that these two letters
do the same fucking thing.
It's the same thing.
It's pointless.
Get rid of one of them.
Make them fight in the winter.
I think C should get to stay
because C can do a lot of other stuff.
K is always-
Oh, no, see, what I would say, Griffin,
what needs to happen is C needs to stay in its lane.
Stick with that, well, I guess that it's the S sound.
We have an S for that too.
We got the S sound, see?
Maybe get rid of the C.
We have the K and the S.
They are doing their individualized jobs.
Okay, anyway.
Okay.
What if we just started pronouncing the band's name
C-Horn.
C-Horn.
C-Horn.
Help this person.
How do they make their dad like corn?
Play him some corn while they're eating corn.
I want you to hear the difference.
Okay, there's a lot of great ways
I can tell you how to cook corn.
Because if I say it wrong and say,
I like to eat corn, then I'm going to jail.
Okay, there's lots of good ways to make corn.
For me, for my money, nice elote.
Now I'll eat that, I'll eat that.
But I'll eat it on the cob.
I like me a cornbread.
Corn, okay.
It's sweet.
You know what I like?
Cornbread, you put some broccoli in there.
It's really great.
I don't think we can extrapolate quite that far, Trav.
Because I think you could say like,
well, there's corn syrup in your airheads
that you love to eat.
No, I understand that, Griffin.
But I'm saying cornbread, corn like tortillas,
like these things, your corn flakes,
these are pretty corn direct.
You know what I mean?
It's like saying you don't like eggs,
where there are so many different versions of eggs.
It's hard for me to believe that.
Justin, you got anything on this one?
I have a really good Mexican street corn empanada
at Nomada, that bakery in Huntington.
Yeah.
That would be a great place
because there it's served up on a little,
first off, it's vegetarian.
Gotta love that.
And also it's served up,
there's just like eight pieces of corn on it, really.
So it's kind of like you wouldn't even,
it's like I do with my kids.
Like you didn't even know you were eating corn.
Oh, it's not inside the empanada?
It might be.
It might be hidden from me.
I don't know.
See, you gotta watch that.
But I can see there's visible corn.
If your dad thinks you're tricking him,
oh God, dads hate that.
No, they hate me.
I do not like deception of any sort.
I remember one time,
my daddy was eating a cake that I made him
and he was just about to take a bite
and then he peeled the layers apart
and he found a piece of broccoli in there.
And he didn't talk to me for two weeks.
I would tell you that happened to me in school
where everybody was doing like science fair projects
or something like that.
And then one girl came in and gave everybody brownies
and we all ate the brownies.
And she was like, did you like them?
They were all made out of green peppers.
And I wanted to be like, hey,
one of us could have been wicked allergic to green peppers.
Pretty risky gamble you just did there, Katie.
Damn.
Also, gross.
Get my fucking permission.
Green pepper is my least favorite vegetable.
And I do not like-
No, you don't mean that.
I do not like psychically the idea that I liked it.
You know what I mean?
I'm not willing to change my mind about that, Katie.
Okay.
What is your least favorite vegetable, everybody?
My least favorite?
What's your least favorite vegetable?
I think a lima bean.
It's hard to choose,
because by and large, not good.
Not good.
That's not true.
I love those green things, man.
They make me feel powerful and strong.
I think peas are like corn's evil nephew
and they taste so gross.
And they have the texture of the casing never quite goes away.
It sucks, man.
You don't want to hear about my least favorite.
I want to know Justin's least favorite vegetable.
French cut green beans.
I think they're fucking vulgar.
I want to talk about,
when we're talking about vegetables,
I found a new one that I liked this week.
Oh boy.
This is a story from my life.
People are always asking us to share
more stories from our lives.
Yeah, we stay on topic too much.
It's true.
It's a story that happened to me this week.
Blue Apron, you know I love Blue Apron.
Yeah.
There was a recipe this week or last week,
I can't remember now,
but cause time is meaningless.
And it had, sometimes Blue Apron does this to me
where they'll get me hooked on a new ingredient.
And I'm like, whoa, I'm wild about this stuff.
I can't get that in my house.
No.
They don't have it here.
And this time it was delicata squash.
Oh yeah.
Was this the butter chicken and squash?
Oh yes it was.
Yeah it was.
This delicata squash, it roasted up so good.
Oh my golly.
I was wild about this stuff.
So then I'm putting it in an order at the grocery store
and I searched delicata squash
and it doesn't surprise me that they don't have it.
In fact, the website crashed.
One thing that they did have was an assortment
of five squashes in a bag.
So I bought that and then it showed up
and I somehow missed the part on the listing for the item
or maybe it wasn't there, I don't know,
where it said decorative, decorative squashes.
So then I got a problem.
My problem is one of them kind of looks like a small
delicata squash, kind of like I ate before.
And I don't want, they're real squashes,
but I don't want to be, so now I'm like,
could I hook you guys up and eat you?
But I don't want to be the guy that goes to the hospital
for eating something that like fucking says decorative
on the bag.
So fast forward, I'm now the kind of guy who has,
we're the kind of household that has a bowl
with a bunch of squash in it
to celebrate the season arriving.
And I was wondering how that happened.
How does that happen to you?
That you just end up like,
I gotta get some decorative squash for the season arriving.
And this is how it happened to me.
Maybe they'll stick around and not go bad, I don't know.
They're decorative.
Or maybe in a moment of temptation, you will eat them.
Justin, I don't think you realize
the bigger revelation right now is that in your house,
you have vegetables and foodstuffs that are good for eating.
And then this special like Wilbur and Charlotte's Web,
like these gourds have been given a reprieve.
This is, what you've got here is you have a fish
in a goldfish bowl, while over here,
you're making some tilapia for dinner, right?
You have pet betta fish at the Red Lobster restaurant
you work at is fucked up.
Those gourds have to watch you eat vegetables.
Better than the alternative though, isn't it?
Well, yeah, but it kind of seems like you're saying,
don't fuck up gourds, this could be you.
Gourds stay in line.
Or I'm saying to my other vegetables,
be more beautiful and seasonal.
You know, every vegetable is decorative
depending on what you're into.
That's what I'm saying.
This is what is so challenging to me.
Do you want me to not eat these gourds?
You have to say not for,
that also doesn't say not for eating.
It doesn't say recommended decorative.
Right, exactly.
I've got a farmer coming over tomorrow, gourds.
And if I get the green light,
you're going in a fucking casserole.
Thanks so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We sure have loved being here with you.
I want to ask a quick favor of you.
Well, Justin, before you do that,
I want to ask you a quick favor
because I want him to listen to one of my favorite podcasts.
Oh my God.
A podcast called The Besties.
Tell me about it.
I listen to it, no joke, every week.
It is my brothers, Justin and Griffin,
as well as Chris Plant and Rush Frustrick.
And they talk about video games,
but they talk about video games in such a way
that I, a video game enthusiast
that knows nothing about like current video games events,
finds fascinating.
They tell you about games that are coming out,
things you'll be interested in that you've never heard of,
plus great discussions about games that you love.
And it's not just like tearing the games apart.
It really teaches you about like the gaming industry,
teaches you about the games that are coming out.
There's so much going on now with the console wars,
with the new generation of PlayStation 5
and the next Xbox.
And hearing you guys talk about it
has made it make a lot of sense for me.
I listen to it every week.
And you know what?
Even Bebe likes it
because she thinks you guys are very funny.
That's so nice.
You can find it on Spotify.
So go there, listen to it, subscribe.
It's out every Friday.
I do not miss an episode.
Highly recommend it.
Thanks, Travis. Thank you, Travis.
You're welcome.
I don't have anything anymore.
Oh, what were you gonna say?
You stole my thing.
Oh, you were gonna talk about your own podcast?
Goosh.
Goosh.
The Avengers and Crystal Kingdom
is now available for pre-order.
That is a graphic novel based on the arc of the podcast.
Yeah.
We did it again.
TheAvengersZoneComic.com.
That's coming July 13th, 2020.
One.
2021.
One.
The future.
And I believe I have personally guaranteed
in other venues, and I will do so here,
that you will be able to enjoy that graphic novel
in a crowd of people and all will be safe.
That was a big cold shot for old Justin.
A big cold shot from me.
Oh, he's pointing at the stands
where there's lots of people sitting close together.
We got some new merch out.
If you haven't gone to McElroyMerch.com
and checked it out, you should.
We got a new pin of the month
that is based on the phrase Tiger on the Table,
designed by Sam Schultz.
And the proceeds from that benefit
the Marshall P. Johnson Institute,
which defends and protects the human rights
of black transgender and gender nonconforming people,
as well as the Sylvia Rivera Law Project,
which works to guarantee that all people are free
to determine their gender identity and expression.
We also have a new Candle Nights ornament
by Lynn Doyle that is super cute,
as well as a Candle Nights wrapping paper by Justin Gray,
and this little jump scare pin of Justin
doing the jump scare from the TV show.
It's so good.
McElroyMerch.com.
Also, speaking of books and things you can order,
we wrote a how-to podcast book
called Everybody Has a Podcast Except You,
and it's available for pre-order now
at McElroyPodcastBook.com.
We are working this week,
we are recording the audio book,
and we're narrating it,
and let me see, just reading again,
it's pretty funny.
I'm having a really good time reading it.
And I think you will too.
It comes out in January.
Pre-order it now, and in January,
you can learn to make a podcast that you're proud of
and enjoy reading a book.
It's two things in one.
Did you mention that we now have a thanks for vibing
and keeping it tight?
Sure.
Do we?
Is that up?
Yeah, that's new.
Check that out too.
McElroyMerch, and then pre-order the book
at McElroyPodcastBook.com.
That is a funny situation because we didn't say that.
It was on a Jumbotron,
so we had to reach out to the person
that said that funny thing in a Jumbotron
to ask them if it was okay to make a T-shirt.
And we told them we would give them money
for the T-shirts and get this.
They actually requested instead
that a portion be donated to the Young Center
for Immigrant Children's Rights.
So what's up?
Best fans in the world said it before.
I will continue to say it.
That's it, right?
Yeah.
I have a final, I have a final.
John Roderick.
In the long winter season.
He says he don't get to the park
until the day's to bed.
Thank you, John.
Thank you to Maximum Fun.
Okay, so this one's sent in by Steven.
It's, oh man, it's asked by, oh man.
Who's it asked by, Griffin?
Bee Yatch Chick.
Oh boy.
Guys, Yahoo will tell you how old the answers are
or how old the question is, right?
Griffin, is it possible that it's Bee Yatch Chick,
like a yacht?
That's probably it.
Okay.
This one is from, and it says this, one decade ago.
Whoa.
Isn't that wild that they would say that
and not 10 years ago?
If this website stays up for 100 years,
will this say one century ago?
Yeah.
This question from millennia's past.
From the Mesozoic era.
This one comes and it says,
what are some exercises that don't give you yucky musculars?
Oh, what was that, Smacker Roy?
I just, I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I just.
I'm Travis.
I'm Griffin Macka-Roy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother,
May Kiss Your Dad.
Square on the Lips.
ь
Make the girls do you want to,
just say that I wanna.
Artist-owned.
Audience-supported.
Do you like mysteries? Are you a fan of teenagers? Do you enjoy the struggles of lonely, middle-aged men?
If so, may we recommend a TV show for you?
Dicktown. The show is called Dicktown.
And I'm John Hodgman.
And I'm David Ries of Dicktown.
Our show, called Dicktown, is available now on Hulu.
John plays John Hunchman, a former prodigy child detective who used to solve mysteries for his classmates in North Carolina.
Now he's all grown up, living on a shabby houseboat, and still solving mysteries for teenagers on Dicktown.
And David plays David Purfoy, my former bully and nemesis, and now my driver, muscle, and only friend.
There are mysteries popping off all over the place. The mystery of the controversial cosplay.
The mystery of the maybe-boyfriend. The mystery of the mumbling rapper.
And there are celebrity guest stars popping off all over the place.
Zach Galifianakis, Kristen Schaal, Paul F. Tompkins, Anna Akana, H. John Benjamin. So many stars.
So please, go to bit.ly slash dicktown. That's B-I-T dot L-Y slash D-I-C-K-T-O-W-M.
That'll take you right to Hulu, where you can watch all ten episodes right now.
John Hodgman is in full Wikipedia mode right now. Just go to the link and watch Dicktown and thank us later.
Yeah, we made a TV show and called it Dicktown.
It's the only good thing that happened this year.
