The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Pupa Justin McElroy.
I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy. Not sure what the theme was.
Not sure what that is. I'm sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 media luminary,
Griffin McElroy. Justin, explain yourself immediately.
I am but a pupa that is snuggling into a chrysalis right now, and have been so for 36-odd years.
Why are you a French pope?
Is this a slow-carb thing? Is this like one of the phases of the slow-carb,
like you eat a bunch of beans, and then you turn those beans into a chrysalis,
and then you become larval? He tears up strips of newspaper,
smears his bean goo upon them, and they'll form his house.
It's nothing like the dumb thing you guys said. Today is Friday. Tomorrow, July 8th,
I'm going to go see Mr. James Buffett live in concert, and in doing so, I will have
completed my development as a person, and I will emerge like a butterfly.
Ah, we're going to bliss the light situation.
Yeah, that's what I was just about to say. It sounds like maybe Justin's going to come back
maybe a new character on the next episode of My Brother, My Brother and Me,
which I'm very excited about. Can you tell me how you've been preparing your body?
Is there some sort of powder that you apply?
I went through every Hawaiian shirt I owned, and all the ones Amazon had to find the perfect one,
and I've been re-listening to some tunes to try to pick out some nuance, and maybe reading up on
some trivia that I can kind of spout during, like, hey, did you know he wrote this one?
Wherever. Lauderdale? You know, I haven't read much yet, so there's still time.
Jesus, no, Justin, there's not much time. It's tomorrow. This is like your fucking
capstone project. You think you can just fucking buffalo this one in at the last minute? No.
My question is this. Will James Buffett witness me? Will he witness me? Will he, since I am there,
like, and this one goes out to Island Boy or something like that?
Yeah. Do you want to back channel this?
That's, I mean, that's kind of a, that's kind of a crest. It'll work, but I mean,
you really want to leverage your limited media power for this one. But the answer is yes,
of course you want to do that. Yes, obviously.
I mean, I think there's also a lot of, like, tried and true standard options here.
You could just try singing along with all the songs louder than anybody else, the loudest.
Oh, that's a good idea.
If you do it loud enough and good enough, they don't tell you this,
when we're up on stage doing our jokes, when you do our jokes,
the loudest and the best out of anybody, we see you. There's recognition there.
Maybe if you, maybe if you yell the trivia to James Buffett and you're like,
hey, you wrote this one in Key West, he'll be like, thank you for reminding me, Island Boy.
You know, you know how to fly a plane. Yes, I did.
I do know that. Thank you. Is that Island Boy? I recognize you. Come up here. Come up here.
You do one. Island Boy, did you know I was also a restaurateur, right?
Yeah, restaurateur and pilot. Yeah, an author.
Now have you considered, and I hope the answer is no, but I need to know if you've
seen all the angles of this thing, rushing the stage and attacking James Buffett.
Now what would that accomplish? How would that get me further,
how would that get me closer to the goals of my vision board?
Well, he would certainly, I mean, he would definitely know,
he would definitely know Island Boy. He would witness me.
Well, maybe he's just been waiting for a challenger.
Maybe he's ready to hand over his blown out flip flops.
This is a bad plan. I'm not endorsing this plan, but it's
worked in the past, that's all I'm going to say. So you're suggesting I rush up on stage, I rend my
Hawaiian shirt in twain, I toss Jimmy Buffett a bat left, and I battle him for supremacy of
like Island Lord. You'll lose. You'll def, def, def, def lose.
But maybe he'll like Mr. Miyagi you, take you under his wing.
No, he'll kill you. He'll kill you on stage. I see something in you.
No, he'll kill you right there on the stage. How high up can you jump? Because I imagine
this, this stage is going to be four or five feet up off the ground.
It's at Riverbend in Cincinnati. Travis, I don't know. Have you ever been there?
Okay. You're in an amphitheater situation then. So the stage I believe is lower and you might be
able to jump. That's great. You could just parachute right down onto that thing. Bat
lefts out. And it just, it just really attacked Jimmy Buffett.
I want to attack Jimmy Buffett. He has to make the first move.
You really need to pick the right song. What's the bet? You're at a Jimmy Buffett concert.
What's the best song to get the drop on Jimmy Buffett during? Cause like, if it's something,
I think like Margaritaville, I think he pretty much, that's just muscle memory at this point.
Like he will definitely see you coming. Is there more of an emotional ballad where he's
maybe thinking of like a long lost friend? Or maybe one of his new songs.
You're thinking like one that he doesn't know how to play very good yet.
Yeah. It's a new song. He's really nervous about like whether the crowd's going to love it. And
he doesn't know how to like play the instrument good enough. And so he's like really focused on
that. And then all of a sudden you're behind him with a baseball bat with a bunch of nails in it.
And then you do toss him also another baseball bat.
So you're suggesting James rips into something from the third canon, which is what we call songs
after like 2005. He rips into the third canon, maybe like a math sucks or I will play for gumbo.
Sorry, there's one called math sucks?
Yeah, it's called math sucks.
Real quick, real quick, real quick. It's with a K by the way. No C just a K.
S U K S.
Perfect. Perfect. Real quick, quick, quick. How much did you pay for these tickets?
Like not much. We're on the lawn. So we're just kind of kicking it.
All right. That's actually, that's how it should be. I would be amazed if anybody actually bought
like the actual seats to sit. Like everyone's just like, oh, there's lawn. I can just sit on
grass. Yes, please.
That's the vibe right there. Who wants to sit in a chair? That's fine. You know,
you could pay for the chair, but you're not going to need it. Once he, once he tears into the,
to the, some of his first cannon hits, you'll also be too stoned to sit down.
You won't remember how to do it.
And that's a bad place to be because that's, that leaves you very few options.
So have you considered if you do powder yourself up just right and you get,
he witnesses you, however you decide to do it, what you might do because you're growing
with your family, I imagine, right? As a family experience. What if he wants to kiss in my club to
you because he like, there's, oh, there's, there's plenty of hours in the day. I'll make him take me
to the plane first and let me fly it a little bit. Like, okay. You know, why didn't we done me,
Jim? Just so you know, it's, it's real. It's, uh, listen, that's I'll report back next week.
I was actually trying to engineer a way that I could record an episode at the concert.
I couldn't come up with anything substantial though. You realize how shitty that would be
for me and Travis though. Oh, the worst. I get my idea was like, I would barely pay attention to
what you guys were saying and just check in every few minutes. Yeah. Like a live correspondent.
Well, you guys kind of held out in the fort. Um, but I really want to, this isn't about work
and it's, and you know what, in a way it's not even about me, this concert, it's, it's,
it's about James and him connected with his fans. Um, he's getting up in years and any tour could
be the last one before he retires. And I'm sure he's been saying that forever, but you know,
I'm just happy to have the opportunity to finally go see Jim live. Um, please let us know how it
goes. Oh, well, uh, here's our first question. Hey, but then bam, about two months ago I got
pulled over during my driver's test for pulling out in front. You got pulled over during your
driver's test as a bad beat as a bad, that's a whoof. Ouch. Uh, I normally don't drive this
poorly, but the cop who was giving the test made me nervous. How do I stay? That's why they got
pulled over. Everyone's going to be like, wow, how do I stay chill next time I take it? Wait a minute.
Okay. Okay. Okay. I think the cop, the cop that was giving the test, I think made them stop the
test because they pulled out in front of it. Yes. Sorry. Are there places where cops give driving
tests? That's terrifying. That's a fucking nightmare. Are you kidding me? You pulled out
in front of traffic doing a left turn, not a protect, I assume not a protect the left turn.
There's people honking, which is just terrifying. And there's a cop that is going like, nope.
The cop like, it looks like you pulled out in front of traffic also. Is that weed I smell on you
from two years ago? That's right. Nevermind the barking dog in the back. Yeah. Um, that's,
that's fucking terrifying. I, I like, oh man, I don't know that I could recover from this.
I, I, I don't know how to stay moved. Is moving to a different, is packing your bags and moving
to a state where you can just like take a test from just like some fucking who usually administers
these tests. Big fucking old nerd is like, well, it looks like you didn't hit the brakes a little
bit fast enough, but that's okay. Cause I'm afraid of you. And so here's your license and not a cop.
And then you can move back to Arkansas, I suppose. Can you try to drive past a crime? So the cop is
like, hold on, pull over partner. And he tosses you a shotgun and it's like, let's get this done.
You've got to stop this crime. And then afterwards he's the rock. Yes, he's the rock. And this is the
rundown too. And also like after that, there's no way he's going to fail you. No way. No way.
You've been through some shit together. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Wait, marry the, you gotta marry the two
situations. The next time this happens, if you pull out in front of traffic, right? You make
another infraction and he's like, Ooh, that's an infraction. You say, no, I saw that person in that
car was doing something bad. They were, they were going to go murder someone and I had to stop them.
So what seemed like an infraction was actually me doing like a citizen's driving maneuver to stop
a future crime. It was a citizen's wreck. Yeah. You don't understand. I had to do it. I had a,
listen, I had a fucking premonition. Okay. Get off my case. Are you biased against psychics?
Here's one you could try. Psych could talk his way out of this, by the way. Psych could do anything.
Psych could talk his way out of this. With the help of his best friend, Dule Hill. So could
monk and also white collar. Characters welcome. Is there ever a crossover episode between
psych and monk and maybe white collar pops out at the end? Gotta be, gotta be. Oh God,
I want that so bad now. Please, please bring it back. Make the psych movie. Bring monk back.
Burn notice is there. At the end. Yeah. They try to solve the crime. They're like,
we need one more hand. Then burn notice shows up. What's up on burn notice? Characters welcome.
See you guys over on Royal pains. That's a different. Royal pains is there.
Could you tell, like, I think the problem that you're having here is the pressure to succeed.
You need to find a way to release that. So I would say start going to these driving tests,
deciding to fail. And when you get into the car, tell the cop, hey, this run, this is a burner
test. I ain't going to pass this one. Hang on. I've already got a second appointment scheduled.
It's a confidence booster. I'm going to do. So I'm really going to explore the space out there.
And then you pop in your headphones, you play some music, baby driver, this shit,
which I still haven't seen, but I assume this is what happens.
There's all seem like good options. I'm glad we could help so much.
Or just like when you fuck up, just look at him and go, Poban, he's nerve and go for a high five.
And like, he'll be like, oh, you know, you fucked up, but that's really charming. Okay.
You're fine. You're fine. You still failed. I have a Yahoo here. It was sent in by a couple
people. Level 9,000. Yeah. Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport and Nick Potter. Thank you. Thank you.
Both. It's from Yaja answers user questions lost in time. The question is true or false.
You have fully explored your entire body at least once.
I will say, can I just say right off the bat? Yeah. Really think about it.
No, I'm just going to say just form out of the question. I'd like a Yahoo answer. That's like,
listen, you only got two answers. You don't got to get eloquent here. This is a yes or no,
true or false question. It really makes you confront like, this is my body. Obviously
we've been through a lot together. Swimming, walking, scrubbing, scrubbing it in the shower,
but is there parts of it I just don't know about. It's like when you're out in the woods and you're
like, you know, you think like this, this square foot of land I'm standing on, has any human ever
stood here before? Yeah. You know, has anyone walked, has a foot trod this, this mountain
or am I the first? And I think about that every time I touch the back of my knee,
have I touched this inch of my body? That's what I'm saying. I don't think,
I don't know that I have. I'm thinking there's probably untread ground somewhere.
There, uh, my body is like, uh, an urban area by and large. There's a lot of culture and
exciting development, but there are some places, uh, in town that you just don't go. There's some
places in my body I'm just not, forget places, there's angles of my body. I'm like, ah, I don't
know. I don't know if that's, that one's for me. Mine has a lot of sprawl.
Let me say this. There's bodies, there's parts of my body that are so mixed areas that Roman
Mars has done an episode about them. Like it's, it's pretty, it's pretty well hidden from the, the,
it's like it's, it's at least 75% invisible. I would say that it's, it's, it's rough out there.
I just think about it. Hey, here's something weird. You guys ever think,
I was thinking about this yesterday that there's organs in your body that you won't see,
but like you've been carrying them with you forever, but like you will never see
your heart or whatever. Like maybe through x-rays or MRIs or whatever, but like you,
like you're just been hauling those things around with you and they could be weird or cool and you
just don't know. They're just kind of along for the ride with you forever locked away.
This is a, this is a thing I've thought about before, Justin, where like I've never had any
kind of, uh, like open my body surgery. I've never had any surgery. And I thought like,
what if they were to cut me open at like 45 and be like, what is that?
Yeah. And I just like, I, I'm like an ex man. Dude, your liver's all weird. Oh man.
I've got a whole nother organ in there that they've like never seen. It's just like,
well, this is new. He's got stomach too. The sequel, the stomach.
This is why you could eat all those bagel sandwiches. That don't make sense.
It's like a cow stomach in here. It's a lot of chambers.
I can have a perfect liver. I might have like the perfect liver and I'd never know.
I don't know. You like Hennessy a lot. That's true. No, I mean, not anymore.
The slow carb business, it's not compatible with pounding the Hennessy every night.
Now, Justin, I'm pretty sure at this point, as long as you've been doing slow carb,
if you ever did have some sort of surgery, it would just sort of be like a beanbag situation.
Just like a lot of pintos would just come just spilling, spilling out of you.
I hear the pintos shuffling around when you walk. I'm just saying.
It's gotten a little distracting for sure. A little bit. It's sort of a maraca situation.
Are there parts of your body you haven't explored?
Listen, we're all thinking about it. We're all dancing around it,
but there's probably a part of the...
I mean, the taint, right?
The taint, the gooch region, the back of it. Everyone's thinking about the taint.
Everybody's thinking about it. Here's something kind of fun.
I would be willing to bet $100 that 100% of the people listening to this episode have,
in the past three minutes, visualized their own taint.
And they have probably thought about the last taint experience that they had,
and they're all visualizing their own taint.
If you've visualized your own taint in the past three minutes, please tweet,
I just visualized my own taint. Hashtag MBMBAM.
If you want to throw a link to the iTunes page, all the better.
Oh, this will also be fun, because we also often get questions about this.
If you're in a public setting, maybe on the subway,
or you're just walking down the street, right now, if you visualize your own taint,
just raise your hand, and if you see someone else,
like, oh, they raised their hand for no reason, just walking down the street, you'll know.
That's how they'll know.
Yeah, you'll know, like, oh, okay, you're listening to my brother and my brother and me right now,
and you thought about your taint. Cool. And maybe high-five them.
And not only visualized it, thought about your history with it.
Yeah, for sure.
Have I been all over that? Have I Magellaned my taint?
Thought about the intricate setup of mirrors you once did.
It's gotta be, it's gotta, you know what? No.
I've seen everything my body has to offer.
Next question.
I picked up a pair of jeans one day and couldn't remember where I had bought them,
but they quickly became my favorite pair of jeans.
After wearing them a few times, it hit me that there's a chance they were my roommates,
and they ended up in my laundry by accident.
She hasn't said anything, and there's a chance I just forgot I bought them.
I checked, and we don't wear the same size,
but I also know that those are just justifications I'm using
to avoid possibly having to give up my favorite pair of jeans.
What should I do? That's from Potential Denim Deviant.
You're good.
You're fine.
I really don't know what else to say.
It's good jeans, roommate doesn't care, it's not even the same size, you're good.
Traveling pants is the way to go though, Trav.
If you are ever caught, like I thought we were in the sisterhood together,
and they may travel back to you at some point if I get some cheese stains on them,
but right now they've wandered long enough,
and they've found respite and shelter, and we gotta let them embrace that.
This is something I wish you could do with a roommate,
which is like, I'm traveling to Italy to go to a friend's wedding,
and it's going to be a difficult time for me,
so I stole some of your fucking pants because these are my traveling jeans.
I think that's what that movie, I think that's how it starts.
And this is our traveling wallet that I stole from you.
Yeah, guys, the sisterhood of the traveling identity.
The traveling social security number, what's the problem?
Listen, I'm going to a wedding, it's going to be tough.
I bought a bunch of shit with your Amazon account, I had to deliver to my dad's place.
So they're fine, right?
Like, this is an easy one.
But I also think that there's a third more mysterious possibility here of like,
you don't remember buying them, but they're not your roommate's size,
so like, there is a third option that it's neither yours nor your roommate's,
and like, where the fuck did they come from?
Sentient alien pretending to be jeans to get a bunch of bucks.
Oh my god.
Thank you, Justin.
These fucking perverts.
I'm so sick of these genomorphs.
Thank you, and thank you, Philip K. Dick, for giving aliens the idea to do that.
I want to go ahead and give Griffin a bit of a moment here,
because usually it's mine, but Griffin did just say genomorph,
and like, I really want to hang a lantern on that.
Nothing.
I've been there, Griffin.
I know how that feels.
I know, Trav, and I just, it felt bad.
I'm sorry I do that to you so often.
You put up pearls before swine so frequently, and it just felt so shitty.
Yeah, no, that was, genomorph was great.
And don't get me wrong, I'm gonna keep doing it to you,
but like, in that envious moment, it just like, is weird.
No, when you got a rhythm like we have, it's okay if you shit on me from time to time.
Oh, by the way, genomorph is a really great roller derby name,
if anyone wants to use that and be kind of like, alien themed.
I mean, I already TM'd it, so.
Oh, well, never mind.
How about another question?
Yeah, I recently discovered that my brother eats toaster waffles weird.
Instead of eating both waffles separately with some kind of spreadable food stuff or syrup,
he immediately takes the waffles after they've popped out from the toaster
and eats them without any accompanying butter, jam, marmalade, etc.
Furthermore, he holds them together as if they're sandwich slices
without any actual filling, taking large bites out of both dry waffles at a time.
How do I communicate to him that he's doing this wrong,
or is it weird that I find this weird?
And that's from Whacked Out by Waffle Weirdness.
When y'all started this show, when we started this show,
did you think it would turn into a internet forum
for us to learn about all the different types of perverts that there are in the world?
Because I didn't think it would be that, but that's certainly where we are.
I'm into this.
I've done exactly this.
I enjoy, if I'm going to make a toaster waffle,
I just want to wrap it in a paper towel and go to town.
I don't want a bunch of accoutrement.
Here's what it is.
Here's what it is, Justin, because I felt this way as well,
which is I think the brother in question here has recognized like,
I'm not having a gourmet dinner.
I am getting two frozen toaster waffles because if I don't eat, I'll die.
And this is function more than form.
I just need to consume this food as quickly as possible
so I can continue on with my day so that I don't get cranky around 1130.
Now I want to hit you with this Griffin,
because you were sort of turning your nose up at this.
Does it change the math at all for you?
I don't eat plain waffles.
If I'm going to eat a toaster waffle, I like them with some fixings.
So right now I've got Spiderman waffles
and they have blue and red berries in them and they're shaped like webs.
And full of spiders, just like lots of spiders.
One bite, spiders in your mouth.
It's fantastic.
Spider in every bite.
Guaranteed.
Guaranteed.
So does that change it for you?
If it's like a sweet treat with berries in it to just eat it dry,
does that bother you?
I wasn't imagining just like a flax fucking plain flavorless waffle.
I'll tell you what freaks me out.
It's the combination of no accoutrement, no syrups,
no peanut butters or jellies or jams or butters,
and also eating them two at a time.
Like to quote this amazing turn of phrase from the question,
sandwich slices.
I just like that.
Doing both to me,
eating it like it's a sandwich with nothing in the middle
is ludicrous to me.
It's beyond the pale.
I cannot forgive it or get over it.
What if I told you that this brother Griffin was an EMT
who had to get out there and save lives
and doesn't have time to put butter on the waffle and syrup
and enjoy it like you.
Like you, they're out there saving lives.
If you're gonna eat two waffles and you can eat them both
in a time it takes you to eat one through stacking technology,
it seems irresponsible not to.
Yes, I mean, you're fucking,
but now you're on some like bullshit Silicon Valley stuff
of just like, you don't have got time to eat.
You got to program Facebook too.
So here's a protein slurry that we can shoot into your mouth
with a big gun.
No, you gotta take time and enjoy your life.
You're an EMT, that's fine.
You get out there and save lives,
but save your own life first
because what's life worth living
if you don't eat your waffles one at a fucking time
with the syrup and stuff.
Aren't there some days where a scientist like knocked
on your door and said, eat this pill
and you won't need to eat for the next 24 hours
and you'll get all the nutrients you need
and you'll feel totally full and satisfied
and you'll like be able to like really focus
on getting shit done today.
What the fuck?
Not every day, not every day.
Eating's the best.
Eating's my favorite.
I saw that in an episode of Garfield
when we went to the future
and everybody was eating food pills.
And what was the lesson you learned?
What was the lesson you learned?
Because I bet he was like, what about my lasagna?
That's what he was like.
He was like, fuck this, I'm going back to the past.
It was the first time that the F word was used on TV.
And it was very unscripted.
It was live.
Griffin, you have to remember,
and I don't know if you're old enough to remember this.
I grew up in a house where I once watched my dad
eat a pop tart with butter on it.
Like he put butter on a pop tart.
So it's like very hard to sort of trip me out
with breakfast methodology.
I guess it's just, it's just slow down y'all.
You only get one go, put some syrup on some shit.
That's it.
That's all I'm gonna say.
We get one go, yolo, syrup your shit up.
What if it was a syrup sandwich?
What is that?
What have you just said?
Two waffles, syrup in the middle,
squish it together, syrup sandwich.
It's gonna be a mess, but it's better than nothing.
What if you made like syrup infused butter?
I don't do that much syrup on my shit anymore.
Actually, I'm more of a peanut butter and jam kind of man
because one time it was just when we had gotten Cecil,
our cat, I put some syrup on a waffle
and it slipped off my plate
and landed on the cat syrup side down.
I hate that.
Sticky kitty.
That cat fucking hates my guts still.
And it's because of that.
And I don't blame him.
I don't blame him.
What a shitty day.
Waffles are kind of bullshit.
The first time the inventor of the waffle, Ed Waffle,
invented it, the first time he tried to spread butter on it,
he should have gone back to the fucking drawing board
and just said like, this didn't work out.
I just tried it and like, this didn't work.
You guys, are you ready?
Are you ready for my new invention
that I've just come up with?
Waffle iron, smooth on one side for the butter,
waffled on the other for the syrup.
Oh my God.
Holy shit.
Oh my God.
It's just like, yeah, choose your own adventure.
That's so good, Trav.
You spread the butter onto the flat side
and then you flip it and dip it
and then you fill every one of those crannies
with that golden juice.
Oh my God, this is good, Travis.
I'm so, wow.
Wow, that's good.
Name it so you can TM it real quick.
Falafel.
Okay, it's a flat waffle.
No, you fucked up.
Oh, damn it.
Can I just, breakfast friend.
Breakfast friend.
The name of the tool is the breakfast friend.
A little general.
If I buy something called a breakfast friend
and it does this one thing, it's not a great friend.
It's just sort of like a very single-minded friend.
Future waffle love sounds.
Travis McRoy presents waffle friend.
A Travis McRoy joint.
So what about waffle box, the pancake below?
Yeah, waffle box, the pancake below is really, really good.
Okay.
Spider-Man waffles.
Those are used.
Groot waffles.
I am Groot waffles.
Everybody loves that little guy.
Groffles.
Groffles.
Janine Groffles.
And it comes with a cereal like Cheerios
and that's the O's that you pour on top.
Why didn't Janine Groffle ever get her own cereal?
It's not too late.
Janine Groffle's tasty waffles.
And it's just like it's waffles with her Cheerios.
Can we call him Mark Groffle-O's?
She's just wearing a chef's outfit.
Hi, I'm Mark Groffle-O and this is my partner Janine Groffle-O
and we want to present to you Groffle-O and Groffle-O's waffles.
Coming, coming this fall.
Look forward to it.
It's my new potato chip brand.
It is just called Groffle-O's.
It's not as good.
I came up with it early and I'm in debt.
We need to talk about it.
I think that's all the jokes.
We're going to have to fund these new inventions somehow.
So let's take a trip on down to the money town.
I would like to tell you all about our sponsor this week.
One of them, Squarespace.
I have on Squarespace right now,
I think four or five different websites I've set up there.
It's so easy and convenient.
Just started a new project with my friends here in Cincinnati
where we're doing like a puzzle bar crawl
where you move from bar to bar and get different puzzles
to tell you the next place to go.
That sounds fun.
Yeah, and I set up a website on Squarespace
with the registration.
You can pay the registration fee through there,
find all the information.
I even was able to set up puzzles
where you have to enter the answer to get to the next page.
It's really cool and it's so user-friendly
and their support is amazing.
You have 24 seven customer support.
There's nothing to install, patch, upgrade ever.
It's just amazing award-winning templates
and an all-in-one platform.
I highly recommend you can also get your domains
right through Squarespace.
So it's an all-in-one experience.
And for a free trial and 10% off your first purchase,
you can visit squarespace.com slash my brother.
That's squarespace.com slash my brother.
Go check it out.
I'm a huge fan.
I also wanna say I went to roundzone.com once.
To try to get a website, gave my computer a big virus.
You may not spend a lot of time thinking about your taint,
but your taint knows you so well.
You know why?
Because you take the time to give it the very best
when you go to MeUndies.
MeUndies is sustainably sourced and made from micromodal.
It's a fabric that's three times softer than cotton,
which your taint certainly appreciates.
You know, I'm gonna put a limit, four more times.
Four more times.
You can try MeUndies today, and you should.
Go get the celebrate pattern before they're all gone
at MeUndies.com slash my brother.
I should mention the celebrate pattern,
it looks like confetti and it's fun.
It's real fun.
It's fun.
If you go to that address I gave you,
MeUndies.com slash my brother,
you'll save 20% off your first pair.
So that makes affordable undies even more so.
You can get 20% off your first pair plus free shipping
at MeUndies.com slash my brother right now.
That's MeUndies.com slash my brother.
I'm wearing those,
I don't know if y'all are down on this experience,
those MeUndies lounge pants right now.
Fuck me.
It's just like a big pair of MeUndies that are pants also.
And I gotta get into those.
They're real good.
Hey, can I tell you about wink?
Please do.
I'm gonna do it real quick.
Do you hear that?
That was the sound of my,
that's the sound I make when I wink.
Oh God.
Yeah, they say to do it.
Huh.
Do that.
Go to a doctor.
Formerly, you may know this project formerly as Club W.
It gives you access to exceptional wines
from around the world.
They base the wines that they send you
on your taste preferences
and will introduce you to new custom wines
that are not available anywhere else.
We've gotten a few bottles from them before
and I'm not like a huge wine drinker.
I enjoy drinking wine.
I just like don't know how to get good stuff.
Like I don't know what is good
because I'm a child.
But all the stuff they send
has been like really, really great.
You can join for free,
skip any month of deliveries that you want
and cancel anytime
and they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
So you never pay for a bottle you don't like.
You can just go to trywink.com
and that is spelled T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.
It's wink with a C.com
and take a brief palette profile quiz
and wink will recommend wines
customized to your palette
to be shipped directly to your door every month.
And right now they're offering listeners
20 bucks off your first order
when you go to trywink.com slash my brother.
They'll even cover the cost of shipping.
That's trywink again.
T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother
to get 20 bucks off your first order now
plus complimentary shipping.
Trywink.com slash my brother.
We got some personal messages here.
First is for Geekly Con.
It's a weekend long gathering of friends
who love podcasts, tabletop gaming, video games.
I like those things.
And generally having fun.
In 2017, Geekly Con will be in St. Louis
from July 20th to the 23rd.
Geek me in St. Louis, Louis.
It's a little joke.
Very little.
Geekly Con is an open-minded and welcoming group
and we invite you to come and meet your new best friends.
Now tickets are selling fast
so you're gonna wanna go to geeklycon.com
to order one before they are sold out.
This will be a great event
and I think everybody should go.
Michael, the guy who's done so much web design for us
over the years, puts it on and he's a real sweetheart.
So you should go check it totally out.
Geeklycon.com.
I have a personal message here and it's for Adam.
Happy birthday to my favorite husband.
And it's from Tabitha, your favorite wife.
This is the first time I think anybody using a Jumbotron
has ever snuck a secret message into the name field.
It's like that great 1-800 collect commercial
where the guy's like, we oughta baby it's a boy.
You remember that one?
Yeah, I do actually.
Oh God, why do I remember that?
We oughta baby it's a boy.
I can't remember my wife's phone number
but I can remember that commercial.
What's wrong with me?
Same dude, same.
So funny.
Anyway, Adam, Tabitha has this message for you.
Thanks for sticking with me through all my podcast obsessions
and even joining me in some.
I couldn't think of anything better
than to have the brothers wish you a great year.
You're always supportive and kind
even with a grumpy, that's just my face, face
and a sigh, winky emoticon.
That's the sound it makes again, I'm sorry.
PS, I'm buying this on my bday since they opened 2017 today.
Now that's love.
What a love.
What a love.
What an exceptional love.
Buying somebody a birthday present on your dang birthday.
That is such an amount of foresight
that I cannot even comprehend.
I do it every year.
We oughta baby, it's a boy.
So good.
I'm so glad we could bring that great gag to a new generation.
Hello, Amita Patel.
Hello, Sean David Johnson.
What's going on?
I think a friend of mine may have
chronic pop culture deficiency syndrome.
Oh no, PCDS, what are the symptoms?
Well, she doesn't know Wakanda from Westeros.
Shameful.
And she keeps confusing Aziz Ansari and Riz Ahmed.
Oh my gosh, so sad.
Kinda racist too, but what did you tell her to do?
I told her to listen to our podcast, Inside Pop, of course.
Fantastic idea.
A weekly dose of Inside Pop will help anyone discover
the best in TV, film, and music.
Suffer from PCDS no more.
Inside Pop has you covered every Wednesday on Max Fun.
How about a Yahoo, please?
This one was sent in by Level 9000,
Yahoo Drew, Drew Davenport, thank you, Drew.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Max Tyler.
Sometimes I can sense a smile in you
when you begin to read these, and I always get very excited.
They're just really good.
In a war between sin towers...
Why did I say it like that?
I figured it was misspelled, and you were giving the person shit.
Sin towers.
Sin towers.
You're saying them sin towers in Munich.
In a war between sin towers and men on horses, who would win?
By the way, it would be in a fantasy world
with swords, spears, bows, and arrows,
and such like, thanks in advance.
This question is fucking on point.
Okay, I really, I'm not gonna just start.
Let's not do the thing we always do
where we just start running our fucking mouths
before we actually think about it.
We're gonna take, I'm sorry, listener,
perhaps you have a 15 second skip button on your player.
Let's give ourselves 15 seconds
to just fucking think about this for a second.
I have a bit of filler for the audience
to think about while we think about it.
Do you think the first time a centaur
sees a person on horseback get off the horse,
they just start screaming in terror?
That would be very scary.
All right, shut your fucking gob and think about this.
Think about it, ready, go.
I've got my, I got my answer.
Okay, okay, I think I'm ready.
I'm ready too.
Three, two, one, men on horses.
Yeah, okay, okay, okay.
And here's how I came to this conclusion.
Centaurs is one big, beautiful beast,
and don't get me wrong, big, beautiful beast, love it.
And there's certainly a thing you can put in the pro column
of just like full synthesis.
Full integration.
Full integration.
You're gonna have, there's going to be,
even the most beautiful domesticated horse
with the most beautiful connection with a jockey,
even if they're in the fucking drift together,
there's gonna be some.
Yeah, you've petted them every time they've turned left
or stopped for you at the right time.
You know what I mean?
All the hearts exploded around their heads.
There's a break point there
of just how good that relationship can be.
There's a loss of control there somewhere.
But the thing I just can't get over
is centaurs have one hit point
and a man and a horse have two.
Yeah, it's hard to deny that if you take out
a centaur's legs, then it's done.
If you take out the man on a horseback's legs,
he's got another sort of methodology he can employ.
I was thinking of spears, right?
You throw a spear through a centaur,
you've hit the centaur.
You would have to throw that spear really good
to get it through dude and horse.
You know what I mean?
Now here's the question though, Griffin.
In that case, if the centaur takes out person,
is the horse like, I'm gonna keep fighting?
Or is the horse like, thank God, bye.
Wow, this is actually a fucking great point
because this gets back to that animal rider synthesis.
If the man is killed, does horse continue the fight?
I think that takes a special kind of horse.
So like a really, just a murder sea biscuit,
a murder biscuit, if you will.
What is the horse gonna do?
Like, oh, well, Daryl's down.
I guess I'll go eat all their oats
so they won't have any for later.
I'm gonna burn their homes.
Whoa, horse.
What you just said is racist.
That centaurs would eat oats.
Actually, you know it's not
because I eat oats sometimes.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, everybody likes oats except for me
who only eats beans.
Now if the horse ate all my beans,
then we'd have a fucking issue.
Yeah, you'd have a real problem.
This is a fucking good point.
I think this might change the equation a little bit.
If you get a centaur and the horse meat,
then I think they might be able
to keep going a little bit, right?
There's very little meat I have
that if attacked with a big spear,
I could keep the fire.
You know what I mean?
But a centaur, there's a lot of extra stuff on there.
Shit, because if you take me out,
my horse is done.
My horse isn't gonna do anything to a centaur.
Yeah.
And also, you do have to get into the question
of where the centaur is keeping their vital organs.
Because if it's all in the human section,
then you could just keep taking arrows
to the horse meat and like brush it off.
Your horse takes one arrow.
He's gonna be like,
actually, I've thought about it.
Um, fuck all you guys.
I'm actually leaving.
Goodbye.
I'm sorry.
I know we're two souls intertwined
in the most magical relationship possible,
but I actually am gonna go ahead
and dip because this sucks.
This sucks.
I'm out of here.
Here's a Yahoo Answers user, Robin,
whose profile image is just the word Irish says,
centaurs would win because they can use
the bow and arrows better than humans can.
That's if there was a real war
between centaurs versus human,
they would all be dead.
Don't even think about the fact
that centaurs would be better
with the bow and arrows.
You cannot bring in those facts.
We do not know what kind of training
anybody has in this.
That has to be a zero something.
Is there something about the integration
of human and horse that makes them
inherently better at archery?
I'm confused.
I know that lore wise,
centaurs are amazing archers,
but I'm talking like,
we're talking about a real war here.
You know what I mean?
Not some fantasy war.
We're talking about real centaurs, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I've changed my answer.
Okay, wait a minute.
We're talking about a war,
not a battle, not a skirmish, a war.
Look at the Civil War, right?
Look at how important predicting
troop movement was in that war,
and it led to several lopsided battles
and predicting where the enemy was gonna be.
I'm sure that's true for any war.
I've just read more books about the Civil War.
So if you can assume that centaurs are going to be more mobile
and going to be able to sort of be in other places
like faster than the humans,
like in terms of troop formation
and sort of moving your resources around,
the centaurs might actually have an advantage there.
Oh shit, not only that, Justin,
but speaking of resources,
you only gotta feed a centaur once.
Yes, exactly.
You gotta feed a dude and a horse separately.
That's double the food.
Fuck.
Okay.
And centaurs are probably just eating apples, so.
Whoa.
Whoa, I mean, yeah.
And terrain, I was gonna say something
about terrain being an issue for a centaur,
but you've gotta bring your horses,
so it can't be, that's equal.
But there is the issue.
Now, okay, you do have to imagine though
that the caloric load of a centaur-
It's tremendous.
It's tremendous.
I mean, it's not gonna be one-to-one,
but there are certainly some efficiencies there.
Strike it from the pro list.
It's gone, it's gone.
Is there something to be said about the styles of combat
that humans beings have that centaurs do not have, right?
Centaurs essentially, it's all cavalry, no infantry.
And so the human beings dismount the horses
and you put those poles to the spikes on the ground
sticking out towards the horses.
You could build like a centaur barricade pretty well,
I feel like.
Another thing is that centaurs,
very little stealth capabilities, I feel like.
Very little guerrilla combat available to them.
You go into a woods and they're playing on an ambush
and all you hear is like, clop, clop, clop, clop, clop.
You're like, there's fucking centaurs here.
Everybody stay frosty.
Let's just open up the big book
that nobody is willing to look at,
but I'm gonna pull it off the shelf, blow the dust off.
And it's a big book labeled espionage.
And that's gonna be extremely difficult for a human,
but feasible.
If you got the right costume, you could maybe pull it off.
If you're a centaur double agent, no one is fooled.
There's just no-
Fuck that, no, you just drape some fucking jeans
around your torso and it'll be like,
that's a weird way to ride a horse.
Don't you judge me, me and this animal.
Where's your horse's head?
Don't worry about it.
It's in the jeans with me.
And Justin, I'm sorry, but I'll tell you who's fooled.
A horse.
Yep.
The human might not be, but the horse is like,
hey, I'm gonna come hang out with you guys here.
You're all horses.
What's that?
Tranquilizer, tranquilizer, tranquilizer.
Let's go, right?
And you're in there.
Also, here's the thing.
We can't separate.
I don't think it's fair in this discussion
to talk about humans separate from horse versus centaur.
Because like, that's not the question.
It's person on horse.
That has to be it, that's our own thing.
That's the only fucking thing we got going for us
in this fight.
You want to tie a hand behind our back?
No way.
It's a plus and a minus.
Well, but then the centaurs are going to partner
with some fairies and shit.
And like, they're in there.
No, come on.
You're confusing this fucking conversation for no reason.
My ability to get off a horse is the only thing
separating me from centaurs.
This is their ability to factor in.
And their connection, their deep connection
is the advantage over us.
It's the one defining factor.
Now, I will grant, Travis, that I think that
allowing for humans to sort of build traps
and what have you is against the spirit.
I think it's against the spirit of the question.
I think the assumption has to be anytime
these two are fighting, it is definitely man on horse.
Whose fucking side are you on in this thing?
Because it sounds like you're anti-human now.
I'm just torn about it, Griffin, because the thing is,
if they do separate and can separate,
it also lends the centaurs an advantage
because if they get the drop on the humans,
it could be a massacre.
I mean, it could be-
I could fuck up a centaur right now.
I'm not afraid.
This is fucked up.
Can we agree?
I think what we have to all accept now
is the ultimate is a person centaur team up.
Whoa, hold on.
Right?
Whoa, I did not expect this West Side story bullshit.
This is a love story that blossoms here.
But imagine that.
Think about riding a horse and being able to
also strategize with them and be like,
you go left, I'll go right.
You pick me back up and then we're gonna-
I have a short, I have a very short list of people
in my life where if I was a centaur,
I would be okay with them riding me.
It's very short.
And boys, I don't know if you're on it.
It's really short.
Give me a bit more time on the slow carb diet.
We'll see.
It may be a little more validable.
It's not a weight thing.
It's not a weight thing.
Because first of all, if I was a centaur,
I would have the most beautiful, strong, proud back
and I can carry anybody.
Why do you not think that your centaur form
would be a reflection of your current
uber fragile, no hot food allowed human state?
I don't see why you're granting yourself immunity
to stomach acid all of a sudden.
Big, beautiful, proud, strong back.
I can carry anybody.
It is not a, it has nothing to do with you.
It has everything to do with my pride, I guess.
You never just see like, wait, who would you?
Well, who's at the top of your list?
Who's number one?
Yes, yes, yes.
I mean, it was in our vows
and you guys were at the wedding.
So, you know, Rachel.
I mean, my son, but after, I mean, it's dangerous up there.
Big, strong back and he can't really sit up so good yet.
I'm gonna say Joe Biden's at the top of mine.
Joe Biden's up there for me too.
I mean, that goes without saying,
just because I think he probably does have
some sort of equestrian experience.
And he'll call himself Joe Ryden,
which is like, oh, Joe, yes, so good.
Now, are we assuming that the first time they meet,
there is no period in which the centaurs
are sort of swept up, or sorry,
the humans are sort of swept up
in the majesty and beauty of seeing centaurs for real.
We're gonna lose a lot of humans
just from that sort of shock factor.
Oh, see, I think the opposite.
I think humans, what we know about humans in,
you know, now is like the immediate distrust of like,
no, we're just gonna go ahead and just start the war.
I think humans start the war.
I think centaurs start the war, yeah.
The humans will be more upset
by the sort of like fear of the outsider here
than centaurs are gonna be about the blasphemy
of humans riding horses.
That will disgust them.
Here's a fact that we've never considered
in this argument yet.
One makes us think this war gets going.
This war is popping off.
One makes us think that the horses
are gonna stay on our fucking side.
Oh, fuck.
You're right.
I think that's the deciding factor here.
I think maybe they'll stick with us for a while, right?
Just cause it's what they know.
We give them sugar cubes.
But after a minute, they see this other way of living
and they're like, hey, you know what?
You keep me in a big jail and feed me sugar cubes only.
Bye.
If that happens, we're fucked.
If that happens, we're done.
We're done.
And the only way to get a grasp on the situation
is to tighten the grip.
And I'm fucking uncomfortable with that.
I don't wanna win like that.
No, Griffin, I think we need to build more trust
with our horses now.
Start now.
We've gotta promise them liberty.
We've gotta promise them freedom
if they help us win this war.
Is this like the beginning of a Planet of the Apes movie
where like us working with horses
is what leads to centaurs
and then we have to fight our own,
like that's the future that centaurs have.
Okay, Travis, are you suggesting,
and I think you are and I'm just gonna pretend you are
if you aren't,
are you suggesting that this war takes quite a while
and in an underground bunker hidden from the eyes of centaur
and more faithful humans alike,
scientists decide that we have to,
the only recourse is to breed our own race of centaurs
in the exact way that you think that that would happen?
Yes, and then we send them back
to start to like fight the war for us at the beginning.
This is like a Terminator situation.
Boys, I am thinking about those early centaurs.
There's gonna be some whoopsies in there, huh?
Wait a minute.
It's just a fucking horse body, four hooves,
and then just like at the armpits,
it starts right at the end of the top hooves
and the dude's arms and head just hanging down like,
oh yes, oats me, dog.
Can you imagine a centaur with horse body,
horse neck, human head?
No torso, just human head on horse neck.
Imagine horse body, no neck or head,
but then the human torso and arms and human head
are coming out of the side of the horse body.
Oh no.
He's just always stunting off the side.
This is true.
Centaurs are always seen with like upright spine
from where the neck would be.
What if it's just straight out continuation,
just flat looking downward?
I, Travis, I'm gonna go with your plan.
We send the centaurs back in time to begin the war,
but we send them back too far.
And what do they do?
They continue to breed.
And then what do we find out?
That's right.
The centaurs that we're fighting in present day
are the descendants of the centaurs
that we ourselves invented and sent back in time.
When will we learn?
It was our own hubris.
Someone needs to stop us.
We need to stop making mix ups in God's Chipotle
and just kind of accept what we have on Earth.
Stop throwing the beans and rice around
in the good Lord's Chipotle.
And just kind of be satisfied with what we get.
Appreciate every day.
Every day is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Maybe the centaurs deserve to win.
I think the centaurs deserve to win.
I think it's time to give someone else a shot.
Give someone else a chance.
Good house we screwed.
We've already screwed this pooch.
I think it's time to give somebody else a chance
running things.
I'm talking about these centaurs.
I cannot stop thinking about a side saddle centaur.
That is the most grisly life I could ever, ever envision.
Horsehead human body.
I mean, good.
That's good.
It's good.
Yeah, you never really think about that.
The perfect blend probably took quite a few generations
of experimentation.
Well, folks, that's going to do it for us.
Oh, shit.
That was like 25 minutes of horse talk.
That's our whole episode.
We hope you enjoyed this discussion
because it was half the show.
And the ones before it also were there.
Hey, listen, I'm going to be doing Sawbones live
in Philadelphia.
And I would really like it.
It's going to be next or this coming weekend,
I guess, by the time you listen to this,
if you would come out and check that.
What day is that?
That is going to be Sunday.
And you can get tickets.
The 16th or the 9th?
Because this is coming out on the 10th.
Yeah, it's the 16th.
Sunday the 16th.
Okay, okay.
It's going to be at 2 p.m. at the Trocadero Theater.
Tickets are like $24.50, I think.
Sunday, July 16th.
That's part of the Philly Podcast Festival.
Sawbones is going to be live.
And you can get tickets at bit.ly forward slash Sawbones Philly.
Come out and say hi.
It should be fun.
It's in the middle of the afternoon.
It's an all ages show.
No swearing to the best of our ability.
And Flophouse is going to be there too.
So get tickets to see them.
And come out and see me.
We are also, of course, doing our live shows at San Diego Comic Con
coming up in just a couple weeks.
So if you have questions for the My Brother, My Brother, and Me show,
make sure to send them in with the subject SDCC live show.
And maybe we'll see you there as we're walking around and stuff.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these for our theme song, It's a Departure,
which is a song off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very, very good song.
Very good album.
We're very grateful that we're able to use it here on this show.
I also want to thank Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great shows there
like Stop Podcasting Yourself and Lady to Lady and Dead Pilot Society
and One Bad Mother and all the great shows there.
We also do a bunch of other podcasts and video stuff
that you can find at McElroyShows.com.
That it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's going to do it.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Right and hi, Zoe Kinski.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Christian who asks,
Is Minecraft based on a true story?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May kiss your dad square on the lips.
Maximum Fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
How many times has this happened to you?
Oh man, if only I knew whether it was better to be too hot or too cold
or who the best James Bond was, that girl would have gone out with me.
Now you can with We Got This with Mark and Hal,
the podcast from Maximum Fun.org every Tuesday.
Hey Lois, it's Joey.
The best James Bond was Daniel Craig and it's better to be too cold than too hot.
Thanks We Got This with Mark and Hal.
Only on Maximum Fun.org or wherever you get fine podcasts.
