The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me an advice show for the modren era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm Travis the middlest
Wow, and I'm Griffin Mack. Are you okay? Trav? I've watched the trailer at least six times. I lost count in there
It's it has over 11 million views on
Wild for this fucking thing. It's not just our people
It could possibly be just our people watching it 10,000 times. Do we even need to say what it is?
Like what project we're talking VB. It's just MVB MVB. Yeah, no matter who wins we lose
Well, it's my tagline for it whether man wins or beam wins
We we win actually because we're gonna have a fucking great time watching this flick
Yeah, might if I just play the trailer in its entirety and I'll kind of just oh this is good
Actually, what's happening? This is good. Hey, I'm not plugged in on Twitter
It's it is impossible that there are people out there listening to this who are over this bit, right?
No, everyone is still deeply. Okay. Okay trailer roughly 180 times. Okay, cool
Okay, so I'll just walk you guys through it and I'll pause where necessary. Okay, okay
All right
Okay, we see
Bean is in
court
smashing glass
He's burning down buildings
And he's in a lot of trouble
There was this be okay, so now we're rewinding to the beginning of it. He's a house sitter
Now pot could you I I need everybody
To listen to this line delivery when he I guess is leaving like a voicemail for his daughter
It is
the worst
Delivery of a line if you're negative about this, but I don't want to do it. We're not gonna do it Now, okay there he's knocked over a statue because he's trying to swat a bee that is staring him dead in his fucking face. And can we just address like
It's pause can we just address that I feel like the big spoiler has happened just in this trailer and that we know that he is the
first aggressor
He shoots across the bow first and like and we're supposed to sympathize with this being man
I don't think I don't I actually I would pause it we are not there is one
Shot a very close-up detailed HD shot of the bee
Very early on in which I would say the bee is
CGI'd very sympathetically very good. Yeah, I look at that face and that's a face that's just like hey
I just wanted to say I'm a huge fan
Rowan if I could get just like
Fucking in to you. This part is not the most comfortable for me
I have my hand like on the soundboard and on the play button and everything
So if I could just go ahead and make through the next 50 seconds of this bit. Sure. Sure. Sure. Thank you. All right
Okay, now I do have to stop there because he's hit himself in the knee
He's hit himself in the knee with what crowbar trying to kill the bee now
I don't know how mad you have to be to hit yourself in the knee with a crowbar
But it's very bad. It's if you're using if you're picking a bee killing weapon
You don't need something that heavy bees aren't that big
It's good to go sort of like wide and light like a like a racket of some sort
And how and I would have to assume he's intoxicated in order to make the play of like I'm just cuz because even if he had
Struck the bee. Yeah, he's still gonna hit his knee underneath right gonna hurt him
So it's not like the bee moved and that caused the injury pain, right?
The bee would not have absorbed
He might have just lived with the pain if it meant ending that bee and and like rubbing it so deeply into him that he becomes
All right, everybody shut up
He's trying to get the bee out he's throwing a pillow at the bee
There's a dog that's destroying stuff and there's a pan on fire and now he's now
Okay. Now we do have to talk about the shower sequence. Yes, we do. We do
And like I was really hoping really to Christ's in heaven that I would be able to watch this with my kids
But if I'm gonna see mr. Beans fucking dick
While I'm trying to watch him in the bug life
I don't think that that's something that I'm not ready for my kids to see a
British dick, do you know what I mean or a dick of a dick of any stripe or
Convex ass or he's ass an asshole
Convex ass and the way he reacts to the bee is like the bee is perving on him
Like always just want to see some dick. Yeah
Okay, so he's naked in there and there's a pretty good chance that in the full show you're gonna see some dick yeah
He's trying to kill with a racket now he's using explosives
It looks like the bee died, but I can't imagine that's right
And the bees flying up his pants and making him dance to a police officer. He's trying a plunger
That has not worked. I'm
Going to make that a sound for my soundboard when he says where are you a counterpoint Justin?
Pothole small pothole here. Hi Travis pothole to get in it does work
He traps it underneath the plunger. Yeah, and then for some reason
Releases it he can't finish it. He can't all you would have to do is jab the plunger downward
Or simply leave it you can murder the bee through inaction once you have trapped the bee underneath the plunger the air supply is limited
It's not gonna be able to eat the honey. It needs to eat to live
fucking the
Absolute best if one episode was like like he gets it under the plunger, right?
And then it episode like cut to black credits
The next episode is him with the plunger over the bee in one shot
Oh waiting for it
Begins to like converse with the bee, right?
Yeah, you brought this on yourself and like I I don't want to listen. I'm going through some stuff
I lost my job, but I haven't been able to take my daughter on holiday for six years. Yes
Check this though. He lets the bee die
Through just through wasting away inside of the plunger and he's like finally
I'm free and he goes to leave the house and the door is locked from the outside
Oh
My god, it tunneled out. No, I'm no Rowan Atkinson then died then dies
Inside he's trapped. There's a lot of air inside a house though. Probably food too. Yeah, it takes a while. Okay
Yeah, now it is time for some fan theories
Fan theory. Yes already has fans you think my fan theory. I got two
Okay, I watched the trailer six times one. There's no bee. That's great
We don't see anyone else like interact with the bee
Right. The bee is all in his head
So he invented the bee well, I wouldn't say
Echoing makes it sound like he's just in your house like a separate room. Yeah, it does sound like you're being visited by
famous famous British comic Rowan Atkinson
He's hunting you
Yeah, uh, he's he's after me. Um, I
Would also posit this so the bees are real. That's yes. This is where we're at. That's a fan theory
Very number one, right? This is a moonlight situation. He is the bee and the bee is him and all that stuff
But also number two right there at the beginning right off the bat
We see in the trailer the judge is like 14 counts of like vehicular, you know
misconduct or whatever and
like arson and all these things and he's like
Well, there was this bee and I think right the way that traditional writing goes we are to be like, yeah
He's not an inventor
What now you're the X?
Well, I mean I'm just saying I've seen movies and TV shows is that he has to convince the judge that it's not his fault
It was a bee but I'm sitting here a citizen of the real world thinking even if the judge was like, okay
There was a bee sure you're still up on charges of 14 counts
Yeah, they're not gonna like
Found innocent because of oh, there was a bee cool. Cool. Cool. I guess I'll let you off this arson charge
That would be an amazing. It was like well, there was a bee
I mean, he's you can't find him a guilt was a bee the bee defense. Of course. Damn it
It's fucked up that this is not interactive
Do you not like?
I think it should be because I just drives you crazy watching and do all this stuff in the trailer and I'm thinking the whole
Time like that's not how I would do it
Do you know like I see him try to hit it with a crowbar and it's like that's not the weapon
I would have chosen give me the option to control
You hit a bee with a pillow a pillow would fuck it up not kill it
But it would definitely damage its membranous wings. Yeah
um, where how are we sort of balancing in our head the
How much we want to watch man versus be the most amount? That's the most amount nothing
That's the most yeah, that's what's versus. Yeah be
No, just Netflix's propensity for elevating some ungrateful voices. Yeah. No, absolutely
Are we balancing this? I'm gonna torrent it. Oh
My god, you you think that there's gonna be enough of us
There's fucking 11 million views on the trailer just that's great. That's great
If our audience alone seeds this thing then it's going to split we need
You can't stop the signal fucking Ricky Gervais. You fucking ding-dong
It uh, yeah, I guess this is a good. I mean we have actually been in the this and past
We've been in the room with Netflix a couple times
To ask him if they wanted to give us large sums of money to make art
They pass think that wait that they passed so this is not punitive
But I do think that that particular stream has run dry. That's fine
I can't imagine we're gonna be in any more rooms than Netflix
Which is fine cuz I'd give them a piece of my mind right now. Yeah. Yeah only ten episodes of man versus me
That's the worst thing
As a platform that's the worst Justin. I'm glad you brought that up because one of the things I assumed a trailer would reveal is
the deep story twists and turns
That a ten episode series could play with right?
I and I don't want to Apple storage just but Moon I had six episodes and there was a fuck ton of story in there
Right. I'm watching this trailer and I'm thinking okay, so he okay. He hits his knee with a crowbar. Got it
He takes a shower
Okay, he drives his car bad. He knocks over a statue. Okay. He has a court case. Where's the way?
What's filling up these ten episodes of plot?
It's still that is Travis. I'm so glad you said it because I'll be damned if I can figure out how this is
No, I don't know still can no clue
This is ten episodes if you told me they were ten minute long episodes. I still like okay, but still I had a fun
Idea and I don't know the legality of it
But I have also famously endorsed shoplifting in a major way. So this does feel kind of on brand for me
What if we opened up a?
Single Netflix account, uh-huh
Upon which one could stream man versus B or I suppose any of the other programs on the Netflix
Channel, I guess it depends on how restrictive you can get with parental controls
My child Jim Murphy to only watch man versus be everything else is far too secular
So we have this we have this one
I didn't notice the deep religious undertones in the movie
We have this one Netflix account and the three of us can share it just to watch man versus B
But also we could give it the login information out on the podcast so that anybody could watch man versus B
Whenever they want to how does that? How does that got millions of views on the show?
But here's the weird thing guys. Yeah from one account. Yeah, god. Damn it. What?
Ah, I'm just I know what we have to do and it sucks
I feel like I'm at the Garden of Gethsemane
Gethsemane. Yeah, I'm asking the Lord to take it away from me. Like don't don't make me do it dad
Don't make me don't make me get up on the cross pops. Please don't make me do
What do we have because I know what we I know we have to do and I don't want to do it
And once I say it
I can't unsay a shot for shot remake where a shot for shot remake of the first episode of man versus B star
yeah, it's a shot for shot sweated remake of of
Man versus B's first episode starring us and we actually have to we have to so hard it is so hard
For the three of us to get together. Yeah to create
an
sort of
licensed
Intellectual property things that will be in any way
Lucrative and at the very least won't lose us money in a court battle with Netflix and also let's just use the word watchable
What watch it? Yeah, it pleasurable. Yeah, I
But we have to write we have to do it
I think because I'm worried about giving Netflix the like boy kind of see how bad it is views. Well, don't worry
Have we got we're the mr. Pibb to their dr. Pepper. I
Feel like you guys know
You guys are not appreciating
The unity the great sense of unity that could come out of the world sharing one Netflix account
just to watch man versus B
I feel like we jumped over that idea and I thought it was a really really good one. No, no, no
It's that's extremely powerful. I'm saying that has to be step one because you're not gonna get anything out of our remake
Mm-hmm, if you're not, you know, like if you haven't seen the array gotta compare it. Yeah, we gotta compare now
Let me add this joke Griffin just to sweet the pot what everybody can use it
But you can only add one thing to the list just because I really want to see what
You know a couple hundred
No way fuck that honor system on our system gang only man versus be on our system
I don't want to get in there and see if people are watching too hot to handle season two. Yeah
No, no, you're not watching anything else, but I want to see what the algorithms do
With so many different people's ad adding one thing each to the list and the algorithms like I don't know man
Um, yes, we're gonna have to pay for it with some sort of fucking
Like best buy gift cards, so we don't get our shit
completely ripped off
Hi, my name is Justin I'm calling for some personal information
But I think there's I think this idea has got legs until of course
Amanda
Sends us on slack immediately after hearing this saying you can't do that. She won't even let us spin
Oh, she probably will actually
Amanda doesn't exactly work the way like real bosses do she'll probably force us to make the man. This is true
Cop she is that prevents us from doing things
She is the one that forces us to follow through on our dumb shit like smoking an entire card
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because sometimes like you mentioned goger in a show and a man is like
Okay, send the runner to go get a box as a go-kart or whatever
Go-kart on stage and that's why we hired her really we want the image
We we basically we're like 13 year olds being babysat by a 14 year old. There's
Illusion of
Responsibility, but if an idea is good enough the 14 year olds like I mean, yeah, we can go but yeah
What your friend has fireworks, I guess as long as they do it outside, right? That's what we that's what we're going for here
I'm loving this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm also okay with posting it to tick-tock 30 seconds at a time
Yeah, that'd be a hard to parse
Popped up in your algo. Well what happens there because I don't know if you guys have ever seen this
You can do that and it just says like part, you know, 18 or 400 and that you just have to have occasionally
Like the the tick-tock voiceover bought pop in and be like the man hates the be
Yeah, man, I'm sorry the statue trying to kill the be for some reason
I'm betting there's a lot of scenes with no dialogue in it
So I think we'll be cool sure as long as we do the dialogue ourselves and that is something we that's a remake we could
We're gonna need a big costume
Early. Yeah, or we could just make one out of like, you know the pipe cleaners and like pom-poms, right?
And it's we just or you know what?
We'll save money. We'll do it on a tennis ball right and paint it green and then we'll put the VFX in later, right?
We take a tennis ball we paint black stripes on it. Oh, that's a be now that is now a be
I guess it does depend on how much because we do have that one really emotive scene of the be
Yeah, so I'll have to see once we watch the first episode now
Listen, I got to tell everyone at home the turnaround time on this is not going to be fun
right, it's gonna take us probably with the first episode comes out like three weeks and so then it will be
Probably 2023 before we're able to release our we're gonna have to get it up within 24 hours
I mean like Jesus. Yeah, it's got to be a quick if we teamed up
With every animator we've ever worked. How long are these fucking episodes?
16 hours. It's wild
Alright shit. Okay. All right. It's gonna be tough
Now but to be fair Griffin, it's 30 minutes of episode and then 15 and a half hours of black with just the question
What do you think?
I think that will be easy to handle
14 hours will like to sign up for draft games
Place your bets on man or be
It is it is wild that they've decided to do each episode
After the previous episode goes up and people vote for who they're rooting for and then they'll shoot the next episode
But I do appreciate that that's a revolution in filmmaking. It can't be
Can I change the subject? It can't be 10 episodes, right? It can't be
Can't be how okay, so episode 10
Can be like a reunion style like talking dead where they sit down with the B and with bean
I'm betting episode 6 is like one of those like clip show episodes where it's him like remember
Yeah from the first five episodes of like the times he almost got to be it's like a friend comes over and goes so wait
Tell me again what happened and then we're just seeing that's what happens at the end of season episode 5
Somebody's like coming what's been going on?
So then the next five episodes are just a repeat of the first episodes with him occasionally reading
So then I decided to it needs to be like walking dead is where if you leave the room to go get popcorn
You come back and you're like, what the fuck is all this now? Who's that guy? Who's this guy with the bat?
What's going on? Why is he so angry?
We're the zombie angry. Why are there any zombies anymore? Who's pregnant with what now?
Now we're talking I've reached the I've reached the limit. Okay
We have to respect it. It's the closest we've got to a safe word
We got to respect it
Were you about to talk more about me versus be after I just established we do have to respect it
I know but I okay. No Travis. You're right. You're right. You're right. We're done. Let's play the outro. Where are you?
We need another clip of him just saying oh, there you are. That is that is the most primal it's amazing
Okay, how is it ten episodes long?
How is that not the last that has to be the last like?
Okay, as long as Justin broke it. He has demonstrated. He should not take a child on holiday
He is irresponsible. He is not he should not be allowed around other human beings. Let alone
Okay, it's the B limit B limit
My husband and I recently moved out of his grandmother's house where we've been living for the last two years without her knowledge
She's a bit of a pack rat. So during our time there were we worked on cleaning out her basement a few months ago
She mentioned trying to find some plastic wine glasses with grapes on them
But they used to be in her basement
The problem is we definitely threw those wine glasses out while we were cleaning
She has since mentioned these glasses at least five times and said she wants to give them to us for use by our new pool
Brothers, what do we do?
Do we fess up to having tossed the glasses every time she asked about them?
We say hmm number seeing them maybe they're in the attic. She searched the basement multiple times looking for them. Help us brothers
Oh, well, it's from spring cleaning in South Jersey. How old is she? She's looking around the basement looking for the glasses like
Oh, we're gonna get a lot of mileage out of that one, huh?
How old is grandma I might not be a problem
Patrick mackerel
Talk like that. We don't talk like that
Could you come up with the promise is plastic?
But if you could come up with an undeniable reason for what like oh they were covered in mold, right?
That's always the leak and that's not gonna work. It's plastic, right?
What if you can come up with a reason of like, oh, yeah
I saw those they're cursed or whatever like I don't know what works with plastic. You can't the problem is
You I was on board with you Trav and trying to have a little bit of harmless fun. Uh-huh until I read the line
She searched the basement multiple times. Oh, yeah. No, it's too late now
It's too late now to do anything where you have had any knowledge that you did not share with your old grandmother
Correct, because it's mean. Yeah, it's mean now to not share to cut to reveal it
Later would be to especially since it's a very specific
Ask like yeah plastic wine glasses with grapes on them. That's not like oh the plastic wine glasses with grapes
You can't do the fake realization later. That was so specific
now if you ever if anyone at home ever runs in this to into this again, it's too late for them, but
Say they were broken and you threw them away or that you broke them and threw them away
Because the thing being broken that's accidental and they're gonna be upset about it, but they're gonna be upset that it happened
But if you're like, oh I looked at those perfectly good plastic wine glasses with grapes on them
And I said this is garbage now. Yeah, that's a choice you made and I hit you all with another idea
Okay, she comes to you. She says where's those wine glasses with grapes on them?
I it was going to be a very special gift
it was a special gift for me and I want to make it a special gift for you for the pool times and
You look down and you look really guilty and say nothing and then grandma's gonna be like
You need to tell me now what has happened and you just look up and you say we
We antiques road showed it and oh you did what and be like I took it
I antiques road show cuz I thought it'd be worth a lot of money and they took it and I sold it and they only
Do five dollars and then you give your grandma five dollars
Now Griffin, have you watched your antiques road show because that's not how that works
You don't hand it to them and they say okay. Let me see what I can get for it. I'll be right back
They're like this is worthless, but I do want I'm so I'll give you five bucks for right now you walk away
One half of the convention center that's for the shit and the other half for people looking to buy shit
They're like, okay. Hold on one second. What's this? It's a tiny porcelain unicorn one second. Okay, I got a tiny porcelain unicorn here
For me you give me 15 bucks great. Hey, it's worth 15 bucks. It's worth whatever someone's willing to pay for
I thought you're gonna go with our grandma bad news. I sold the pool to buy you these new glasses
But then you don't have the glasses
No, I sold the glasses so we can have enough money to move out right there that deck you're standing on that's the glasses
That's that door you opened. That's the glasses the couch. That's the glasses. It's every search up
You know if you go I'm looking right now on on on Etsy at four plastic wine glasses with great detail
How much girl they're 40 bucks and that's probably I mean, that's not great, but you fuck living there
That's the panel fucked up. You've been living there rent-free. I'm not saying you try to replace them
I'm saying you say I think it's very sad. You can't find these glasses that you want not a lie. That's accurate
Yeah, you know to try to cheer you up. We bought some new
Some new ones to replace them. Yes. Oh damn, but she's gonna give them to you. Okay, okay
That doesn't even make sense what I just here. Let me try this. Let me try this
Hey, I really appreciate the thoughtfulness and looking for the glasses
But the time spent looking for those glasses could be time
We're spending together and that's way more worthwhile to me need to let the glasses go
Thank you so much grandma for working on the glasses, but you know what?
I'd rather just spend that time with you while we have it left because grandma you're getting old travel. Okay. No way
Yeah, sorry. Sorry. No, she doesn't need that stress. Oh, she doesn't need the stress. Hey, can we said can we heal the wizard?
Okay starting it this is a cool one it was sent in by Adrian Cowles back in the fucking game Adrian welcome back
I haven't heard their name
Asian cows been dead long on for a year. You haven't been around the cows, please. Have you I wouldn't
Listen
By the side of the road you say
When the moon she was fully oh, no, I wouldn't stop for nothing
All right, so they're not lonely stretch a road out behind the podcast
No, no, no ever. No one ever goes back there. Can we it's an old saloon where we make the podcast and we be serious now
Sure, that's my favorite line from the movie. Sully starring Tom Hanks. Hey, can we stop farting around man?
You hate those words and I gotta fix it. I could quote it. What's your favorite Sully?
The one where it's like they're like doing the trial for Sully this movie beats ass and then they're like
and so you should have known you could have made it to the runway and
They give him a real hard time in the whole time. So he's just sitting there like mm-hmm
Mm-hmm, and then after they finish giving him a shit time
He looks up and he's like can we be serious now? It's like oh you took my breath away
Tom Hanks Sully Sully for a second
I thought you we're gonna say that the quote was this movie beats ass and just in the middle of Sully Tom Hanks breaks character
It looks at the camera. It's just like this movie beats race your asses. I'm about to drop a dope one
this is a dual engine loss at 2800 feet followed by immediate water landing with
155 souls on board. Yeah, you can't
One so dope anyway
Yeah, okay, so that's my favorite
156 and here is a question or a wiki house ended by a drink house. Thank you
It is how to build a memory palace. Thank you. He really does say can we get serious now? Yeah, I know
How many times have you seen Sully?
It's amazing. I've never seen it. Is it good? Are you kidding me?
Podcast over movie. Sorry guys. I'm busy Travis Travis
155 souls no one's ever prepared for anything like that
155 souls like 30 geese. I saw him get a shuttle back to earth. I don't care about a plane
Okay. All right. So anyway, just a man. It's just he's just a man doing his job Sully. Yeah
People do their jobs all the time. I'm gonna tell I'm gonna tell Griffin David. You haven't seen Sully
They're gonna fucking flip out. There's a lot of movies. I haven't seen that they like. Yeah, but this one's Sully
This is Sully. It's a big Sully. I'm not saying I'm unsullied Travis. Can we be serious now? Yes
Okay, one of the most useful memories one of the most useful memory aids was created thousands of years ago by the ancient Greeks and the
Memory palace and the memory palace a place in your mind where you can store information that you need to remember is still relevant today
It's not it's used not only by world record-holding memory champions
But also by famous detective Sherlock Holmes with a little pan and Patrick Jane on the mentalist by the way, and the mentalist
Yes
I can bring up the mentalist for a reason and not just
Great references to it. I'm halfway through season five guys
It fucking kicks ass with a little planning and practice you can build a memory palace, too
So Justin has a memory palace. Did you juice?
Yeah, what's it like? Hey, don't be humble man. This is a skill that you have. I want to hear about it
What kind of let's okay. Why don't we go through the steps and you tell me like how you did your little sick fucking?
Twisted spin on it. Okay
So method one planning your palace choose a place that can be easily
Visualized as the blueprint for your palace a memory palace must be a place or route that you are incredibly familiar with like your childhood
Home or even your daily commute to work it can be as small as your closet or as large as your entire neighborhood the important things
That you're able to visualize the place in your head without actually seeing it in real life. What'd you go with juice?
I did the Marshall University Theatre because I spent so much time there in college and growing up that I thought that it would be
good
That's good. That's good
J-man
You can be serious. Can we be serious now? You can't be serious serious now Travis. Don't you fucking come here and quote?
Well, now I feel like I've seen it. Here's the problem guys. It's like I already know what happened. So like spoilers. Yeah, I would say
Using this metric place that can be easily visualized and I'm like incredibly familiar. I would have to say the gym like the weights
The weight bench lifting area of the gym. See for me, I think it's it's probably you don't let me finish
Oh good. Go ahead. I'm just saying the grit of the bar. Yeah, the gym. Yeah the feel
Okay, this is the way on your fingers wet on the leather. Yeah, I can put a lot of memories into that
Yeah, mine's gonna be probably the Jimmy John's I worked out at six months
Probably like just the condiment bar just the topping bar. Yeah
So now to be fair, I never made a single sandwich in the entire six months
I was there
Yeah, because I just kept saying I don't know how to do it and they would say like well, there's no time to train you
So go work the register. What's this in the lettuce? It's all the state capitals, right?
Excellent. Excellent. Let me get a sandwich with all the state capitals and the lyrics to every Bruno Mars song. Thank you delicious
Walk through your palace to define a route
Decide how you'll travel through the palace in your mind rather than just picturing a fixed place for example
Instead of just imagining your house imagine how you'd walk through it. Do you enter through the front door?
What hallway do you walk down?
Begin to practice your route now will make it easier to later memorize later on too. Okay
Between all the different weight benches the turbo flex
The super flex there's not a lot of great ways to name I'm gonna use a bow flex
No, they don't do those anymore
Not after the accident
Little sorry at the gym I go to little boy came in try to do the bow flex
But then it shot him through the ceiling
Beautiful arrow. Can I tell you the catch-22 the problem here the irony?
Yeah, I want to create a memory palace, but I can't remember any location well enough to do it
Well, that's yeah, I mean that's can you gosh?
Can you do a place you kind of remember to create a better memory for your prime?
Location, you know, maybe if I do a small location like a bathroom, right? My favorite bathroom
Yeah, I choose to use whenever possible and that is the memory palace for creating my memory
timeshare for your main place
Yeah, that can be cool. I used I used the theater department to learn all to remember all Shakespeare's place and
And you'd be shocked at how rarely that skill is really that that useful
Can you name them now just use that skill now?
So I would you I would close your eyes
You know when you walk in on the dock the loading dock
Yeah, the loading dock right after his entrance the crew entrance
Yes, either go through the crew entrance and there's two guys that are holding up flags greeting you as you go up the ramp
There's the two gentlemen front. Okay, because it flags up easy
Okay, and then you go up and you're scared when you're on the ramp because there's a little mouse there
Mmm, and I'm like, oh that's a mouse hunt
That's taming the show. So it's a little mouse there. I'm not a shrew
Okay, go on now and then that also only works for you because you're afraid of mice and sons
I'd see that mouse and be like what a great day. Oh mouse on us. And then there's three of Griffin's sons. They're greeting
That's my three sons have of
six on their shirt
Cuz that's Henry the sixth
Part two three. This isn't as funny as I thought it would be and then who's that greeting you on the deck?
It's well, it's Titus Burgess
He's he's welcoming me in
That one doesn't that one doesn't feel specific to the theater because I don't think Titus Burgess ever spent time
It's it also well, it's just it doesn't it doesn't have to be specific to the theater
Yeah, so like you open the door and there's Al Pacino playing Richard the third and he's and he's behind that
So I'm gonna here's me walking up the ramp to your theater department and I look at the dock
That the loading dock here entrance and there's just like
There's just like 30 dudes. Yeah
And some are holding flags and some look like my children Titus Burgess is there which is exciting
There's just like a bunch of dudes here and you look at that and be like, ah, yes
All my favorite Shakespeare guys here Justin
Can I can I make a small addendum that I think might make this easier?
It might be way too late to adjust Justin's college. Well, you walk into the building, right?
And there's a guy holding 38 books and each of the books is one of Shakespeare's plays and you can read the title on the spine
Juice you haven't I imagine use this information a while and maybe you haven't visited the memory palace
Is it all covered in cobwebs and skeletons now?
Somebody else move in and they're like, oh, sorry. I thought I thought you'd like I know
I sometimes it does get a little sticky because I know Titus Burgess is in there somewhere
But sometimes I can't I can't finally find him. I'm like
Hey guys, did we forget to go to the money zone how far past oh shit Griffin, I'm sorry memory palace. We gotta keep yeah, right
Identify specific that we had advertorial
I
Promoting
Ripping off Netflix en masse on such a like a grand scale could be hey guys
We did have a couple complaints from advertisers specifically Netflix. Um, let me see here who has not advertised
They called just to say they never ever would
Never yeah, so identify specific locations in the palace to store your information
Think about exactly what you're gonna be putting in your memory palace whether it's a number name or important dates
You need to remember for an exam. You'll story arcade games
You why would you ever need that? Well, I'm imagining it. I've always wanted arcade games in my house
Okay, you'll store each piece of data in a separate location
So you need to identify as many locations as you have data each storage spot needs to be unique so that you don't accidentally mistake
One spot for another Justin. I can't tell if this is an extended bit or not you having a memory palace
It's real. No, it's not a bit
Travis brought it up. That would be a while. Yeah, that's a cold shot
So do you like walk into that you turn to the right as you walk into the theater department?
there's that little kitchen green room chill spot you open up the silverware drawer and then there's
You know and there's just like a you know
Well, I can't think of a single. I can't think of us
There's a big plate of ham when you go into the green room. Yeah, there's a bunch of people falling all over themselves
And like spilling things and it's just a huge mess comedy of air
That's calm. Thank you, and I shut the door right away cuz it's like whoa, I'm silly that yeah
Okay, and then you then you eat a big piece of ham, right? I just Beth did this article was a lot sillier to me
Before I knew that it was a thing Justin actually did now you feel bad
I mean, this is it's hard is this is a technique. This is a real you're stumbled on is the first might I say?
useful wizard of the cloud useful in so much as
It is useful to remember all the plays that will shake your or state capitals
I assume I haven't done that right but like imagine if I had that one's easy
You just imagine yourself walking on to America in Maine
Yeah, and then you just go kind of zigzag around there and I'm like, okay main that's and then I would say whatever it is
but you have to explore your
contiguous United States
Memory palace in real time. So people be like, so what's the what's the capital of Vermont?
You like fucking hold on Montpelier. There's it. Well, hold on. I gotta get on a train
It's gonna take me like three and a half hours to tell you what the capital of Vermont is
Ask me again tomorrow
Practice vision. I'll have three or four of them by that. Definitely. Uh, yeah, I don't want to do the rest of this
I don't think
Let's go the money zone
You got a food. Okay, you look at yeah yummy
But wait before you ate it. Did you look and say whoa, this is a little bit imperfect
I would never say that I'm not allowed look
Then you look at the hand holding it and you see some small lines of a and you're the cousin and a stray hairs
And then it's like, you know what? Maybe I'm imperfect too. You know what I mean?
I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect
I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect. I'm not perfect
You know what? I mean? Like aren't we all imperfect and shouldn't we be seeking that out? Not me
You want to reduce food waste you want to save time on grocery shopping and eat more fresh and delicious food
Imperfect foods is a grocery delivery service and they'll bring you a whole line of sustainable groceries that embrace the natural
Imperfections in food they may be a little less than beautiful, but they are no less delicious
Crunchy if they're supposed to be you know, or sweet if they're supposed to be what if that's the imperfection?
What if it's like this apple tastes like a fucking cucumber enjoy weird
Visit imperfect foods calm to see if they deliver it in your area and they have this
interesting delivery model where they deliver weekly by neighborhood which reduces
admissions 25 to 75
Percent versus individual trips to the grocery store, which I'm I'm gonna say that the food that you get from imperfect foods
Tastes so good. It will increase your emissions. If you know what I'm saying
You can personalize your weekly grocery order with the produce as we mentioned, but they also got pantry staples yummy snacks they have a
Croissant bread that is like out of this world right now
imperfect foods is offering our listeners 20% off your first four orders when you go to imperfect foods calm and use promo code my brother again
20% off your first four orders. That's up to an $80 value at imperfect foods calm off code when you use promo code
My brother join the movement at imperfect foods calm and use code my brother
Do you guys ever think about like in the grand scheme of things if there's a multiverse and every decision in action?
We've ever taken branches into you know different possibilities that
Somewhere that there is like a perfect version of yourself and maybe it's not that you've made every decision perfectly
But rather that the decisions you've made and the choices you've made have led to what is the ideal version of yourself?
And then you think I think that's me. I think I've done it
Well, whether you'll be traveling abroad connecting in a deeper way with family or just have some free time
Battle teaches bite-sized language lessons that you'll actually use in the real world, which is really exciting. It's always better
What did the first thing? Why what did the first thing have to do? Oh, it's not connected at all
It's just a thought that I had in my brain about myself that I really wanted to share because Justin mentioned being imperfect
I don't think I am so babble is great because it's like, you know
We all need to be able to like try out new things and you know
The world is getting bigger and bigger every day, right?
But I'm also smaller and smaller of the planet is swelling with mood slime
I mean that is how oh, you know, the the ever-expanding universe works
We are getting bigger in real time
But also we're all connecting more and more making the world smaller smaller
And isn't it nice to be able to talk to people in their language as well as in your language?
Well, you can do that with babble my friends, right because babbles 15-minute language lessons make it perfect
For a new way to learn a new language on to the go
with babble you can choose from 14 different languages including Spanish French Italian and German plus
Babbles speech recognition technology helps to improve your pronunciation and accent right now
You can save up to 60% off. That's like over half you guys
Right when you get your subscription going to babble.com slash my brother
That's B A B B E L dot-com slash my brother for up to 60% off your subscription babble
language for life
Hi, I'm Dan McCoy, I'm Stuart Wellington and I'm Elliot Kalin and the three of us host the flop house
It's a podcast where we watch a new bad movie and then we talk about it
Dan you say it's hosted by the three of us
We've had a lot of great guest co-hosts like Gillian Flynn Jamel Bowie
John Hodgman, Jessica Williams, Wyatt Sinak, Joe Bob Briggs, Josh Gondelman, Roman Mars
Yeah, and you said new movies, but what about the time we didn't meatballs too? Okay. Okay
Yeah, sometimes we do older movies and sometimes we have guests
But mostly it's about us talking about like recent bad movies and don't forget about the ones where I made you do a role-playing game
Where you played cartoon dogs? All right. Yeah, shouldn't a promo be a really simple explanation about what our show is about
So what's the show about Dan? What's it about? What's it about? It's about friendship. All right
It's about our friendship and how we love each other the flop house
It's a podcast mostly about bad movies on maximum fun
Do you sometimes wonder whatever happened to the kids at your school who really loved Star Trek
You might remember a kid like me the one who read the Star Trek novels and built starship models
I also took music classes to avoid taking gym classes that required showering after but I don't see what that really has to do with
Or a kid like me. I introduced myself to kids at my summer camp one year as Wesley
But when the school year started and some of those kids were in my new class
I actually had to explain to my friends that I had tried to take on the identity of my favorite Star Trek character
The shame haunts me to this day. I'm sure some of those Star Trek fans from your childhood grew up to have interesting and productive
Lives, but we ended up being podcasters on the greatest discovery
You'll hear what happens to to lifelong Star Trek fans who didn't grow up to be great people
It just grew up to be people who have jokes as much as they love Trek
So listen to our new episodes every week on maximum fun. Org or wherever you get your podcasts
Diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy diggy. Sorry diggy diggy diggy. I want a munch
I want a munch.
Buh buh buh buh buh.
Bebebibebebe.
I want a munch.
BAD!
Buh buh buh buh buh.
Bah bah bah ba bah bah bah bah.
Bieber.
Yes?
What?
He's back.
Bieber's back?
Where'd he go?
Bieber's back in Big Way.
With a new Tim Hortons collab.
Wait, is, is it- I thought there was still a Tim Hortons Bieber collab going on?
It's back, baby.
It was a limited time offer.
Tim Biebs are gone.
They're a thing of the past.
You know how you've been missing them
and can't find them lately?
That's because they're gone.
When did they go away?
I feel like we just talked about it like three weeks ago.
The first part of the Tim's X Justin Bieber collab
was focused on Justin putting his own spin
on his favorite treats at Tim Horton's
Bite Size Tim Bits Donuts.
For the second collab,
Justin and Tim's decided to develop a new twist
on what the iconic brand is best known for,
brewing the perfect cup of coffee.
Can I tell you guys something?
I'm starting to suspect,
and I don't want to sound like a conspiracy theory person
here, but I'm starting to suspect
that this is actually not born out of a shared love
and respect between Justin Bieber and Tim Horton's,
but rather some kind of money-making scheme.
You sound, can I say, Travis,
I'm gonna try to put this kindly,
you sound so fucking stupid right now.
You haven't even heard what he's done.
And you're immediately, you are shitting on it.
I'm just saying that it's possible money changed hands.
Okay, I'm gonna take you, Travis, into the process.
Okay.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Yeah, open my, please, I would love to be proven wrong.
In product brainstorms,
that's what you do when you're working,
with the Tim's team, Justin shared
that he prefers his coffee on ice,
which led to working on a new flavor
of Tim Horton's cold brew.
Also inspired by a slight sweet tooth
and his love for hints of delicious flavoring.
Nothing crazy, nothing crazy.
A slight sweet tooth and his love
for hints of delicious vanilla flavoring in his coffee.
This is very specific, I mean, I'll give you this.
It's very specific.
Don't put too much vanilla on fucking peach.
No, I just wanted you to feel
like the coffee walked by a vanilla factory.
I have always liked vanilla.
We couldn't stop at Tim Biebs.
We needed a Biebs brew too.
This is my, this is my Biebs voice, by the way.
We couldn't stop at Tim Biebs.
We needed a Biebs brew too.
And we're bringing both to Tim's next month.
What, both?
This is a long way down.
Doing a Tim Horton's collab has always been a dream of mine.
Now I do have to say, you said that last time
and that dream has been realized.
Maybe leave a little dream fruit on the tree
for the rest of the Biebs.
No, Justin, here's the problem, right?
He got that and he was like,
why don't I feel anything inside?
Maybe it's because I need more collab.
I would say fucking Tim, watch the throne.
I think Biebs is like slowly taking over from the inside.
This whole Tim Biebs thing is a fucking Trojan horse.
And eventually he's going to be like,
for my next collab, we're changing it to Bieb Hortons
or whatever.
And then pretty soon it's just called Bieber.
This is just like Shaq. Shaq is Papa John's.
Yes. Yes.
Pretty soon Justin Bieber is going to plant a phone call
where Tim Horton said the N word.
I don't think that's gonna happen.
Do you remember when Shaq ran a disinformation campaign
against Papa John?
What are you on about?
You absolute maniac.
You can't impugn the character of Shaq
while un-impugning the character of Papa John.
It's the only thing that makes sense.
No, it's not.
Have you seen his giant eagle statue
of the eagles committing coitus in midair?
How could someone with a giant eagle statue
be a racist man?
I can't believe Shaq did that.
He didn't do it.
I want to be clear.
All three Tim Bieb's flavors,
chocolate white fudge, sour cream chocolate chip
and birthday cake.
You know them already.
You don't need me to do that.
Birthday cake waffle.
You've got them tattooed on your arm.
We get it.
They're all returning to Tim's restaurants in Canada
and the United States along with Bieb's brew
on June 6th.
Hell yeah.
You can get it.
If you're in the US,
guests can get a $5 Bieb's bundle,
which is a large Bieb's brew
and a Tim pack of Tim Bieb's for $5.
This has gotten a little distinct.
There could have been more Bieb's in there.
Like you're filling up your car
and it's like, I'm gonna need 10 gallons of Bieb's juices
for my car.
Is that Bieb's or un-Bieb'd?
You want it un-Bieb'd?
Is that un-Bieb'd?
You want it un-Bieb'd or un-Bieb'd?
If you put some Bieb's into the radiator too,
wait, sorry, I'm so fucking confused.
We have Beebium, but it's gonna run you a few bucks more.
Un-Bieb'd or un-Bieb'd?
Are we talking Bieb's bucks or cryptocurrency?
Those are the only two things left.
He doesn't have an NFT,
he just has the USD is replaced by-
Yeah, that's the only thing we have left.
Okay.
It's the year 2020 Bieb's.
They have merchandise and I need all of it.
There's a beanie, a fanny pack, a tote bag
that were developed in collaboration with Justin,
which means they held up a picture of it
and he said, yeah, fine.
No, he tested, he took that tote bag to the farmer's market
and he's like, this isn't holding all my rutabagas.
I said 18 rutabagas, Tim.
When guests buy any Tim's X Justin Bieber merch,
they get 50% off a second item.
How's your markup doing?
It seems pretty good.
They're doing it at a loss, man.
Bieb's is paying out of pocket.
Tim Bieb's was a huge success,
truly beyond all our expectations.
And what makes it so great
was the authenticity of the partnership track.
That's according to Hope Bugazzi,
the chief marketing officer for Tim Hortons.
Even before the Tim Bieb's collaboration,
which they're still sounding very defensive about this,
Justin had often shared with his fans
how he'd grown up on Tim Hortons,
was obsessed with the brand.
That does explain his hit song, I Love Tiny Donuts.
His commitment to working with us
to develop a natural and authentic twist
on the Tim's experience is what made Tim Bieb's a hit.
And we know guests are gonna love Bieb's Brew
and his take on Tim's cold brew.
Now, Travis, you're about to be even more embarrassed.
That's not possible, Justin.
Because I'm gonna play for you the commercial
for Bieb's Brew, where Bieb's is the last one in the office
just staring at a tank of cold brew.
Hello, Pam?
Justin, what are you still doing here?
Job's not done yet.
What do you mean your job's not done yet?
I haven't tried the final product.
Oh, no, that takes 16 hours for it to steep
before it's ready, so we can just, you know,
call you back in 15 hours.
Yeah, not a chance I let someone put their lips
on the Bieb's Brew before this guy.
I'm a stay-in.
Okay.
Let's put your neck pillow on.
Good night, Justin.
Don't forget to lock up.
Okay.
Dream about Timmy's.
I will.
Love you.
I love you, too.
Okay.
I'm glad you said it first.
Night.
Manny really loves his Tim's.
Try my French Vanilla Bieb's Brew for a limited time.
Only at Tim's.
It's worth the wait.
The fact that they added-
What the fuck?
The last good thing is-
The fact they added that postscript
is an act of cowardice.
Yeah, shouldn't have just left it there.
A truly brave marketing campaign
would have ended it with him
saying I love you to this woman
and then just cut to black,
and it's up to you to figure out what's going on.
What do you think happened here?
Can I also just say, bold,
to be like, oh, we're in an office.
What's like a name of a woman who would be in an office?
Pam.
Great.
Nailed it.
Pam was the one from the last commercial, Travis.
It's a recurring character.
We're invested in their relationship.
I ship these two.
Pam Biebs.
Okay, small rewrite though.
How great would the commercial have been
if he had been like, I love you,
and she'd be like, what the fuck?
The fuck is wrong with you?
What are you talking about?
Are you okay?
How's your power imbalance doing, Justin?
I don't know what's happening anymore.
Shouldn't you be in a studio or going on tour?
What are you doing here?
I can't go home.
I can't go home, Pam.
This does seem like how these things begin
where it's like, yeah, we did a couple of collaborations
and then all I cared about was doing good at donuts
and now I don't do music anymore.
So that's what happened to Kenny Rogers with Roasters.
That's what's happened to me.
And here we are.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
I sure had fun with y'all.
We're in the month of Man Vs. B,
so we're closer than ever.
Hang in there.
Hang in there.
We got so much stuff in our fucking merch store.
You're gonna puke when you see all that.
Count Donut Pen.
Got a Count Donut Pen that was designed by Kevin Budnick.
That is so choice.
We got a Taz sticker sheet that's in the same style
as the temporary tattoo sheet already in the shop.
You can't tattoo your laptop,
but you can put a sticker on it.
Those are made by Lynn Doyle.
Thanks, Lynn.
And 10% of all the merch proceeds this month
goes to Fairness WV.
That stands for West Virginia.
It's the statewide civil rights advocacy organization
dedicated to fair treatment and civil rights
for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender West Virginians.
It's a legitimately good group
that has done legitimately a lot of really good stuff.
Well, I'd like to assume
that of all the people we've supported, Justin.
No, no, no, no, no.
But this one's really good.
Oh, okay.
Get all that stuff at McElroyMerch.com.
Go check it out now.
Also, pre-orders for The Adventure Zone 11th Hour
are now open.
It's gonna come out February 21st, 2023.
You can go to TheAdventureZoneComic.com to pre-order now.
And as long as you're ordering things,
why not go to bit.ly slash McElroy Tours
to get your tickets
for our 20-Rendezvous Fantasy Takes Flight Tour,
tickets for all show available now.
Our next one coming up, not too long now.
Not too long now, folks.
We're gonna be in Boston June 17th.
That's an Adventure Zone show.
We're also going to be doing a My Brother, My Brother and Me
in Boston on June 18th.
Then we're heading down to Foxwoods June 19th
for My Brother, My Brother and Me,
maybe some slot action.
I mean, we're also going to be in Salt Lake City,
Portland, San Diego, Washington, Detroit, and Cincinnati.
So get all those tickets,
mask and proof of full vaccination or negative COVID test
within 72 hours of event start is required.
I also just wanted to say I went and did a Phoenix Fan Fusion,
what, when this comes out, what, like a week ago.
And I just wanna say thank you to everybody who stopped by.
It was great seeing you.
All right, Phoenix, I did not care for like the 104 degree
temperatures, that's obscene,
but I was glad to see everybody there.
I'm sure they've never gotten that before.
It was so hot, guys.
And would somebody have the audacity to say to me,
well, be glad you're here before it gets hot?
Well, they're- How dare you?
They're different.
They have- They're built different.
They're built different. They're built different.
Thanks to Montaigne for the use of a theme song,
My Life Is Better With You.
Check that totally out.
And have a good time with your friends too.
Just like roll down the windows of the car
and like put your arms and legs out the windows
and drive super fast while you listen to it.
Griff, I'm gonna need you to take me out
with a celebrity impression of Justin Bieber.
Trying, no, no, listen.
Justin Bieber trying a cold brew
that he does not approve of,
and they have to start over. Oh, yes, too sweet.
Okay, let me, I'll use my coffee here to.
Pfft. Sacre bleu.
My name is Justin-
I'm Travis. That's how he really does.
That's how he really does.
Watch the documentary.
Yeah. It's been my brother, my brother,
me kissing dad's grown lips.
My life is better with you
My life It's better,
it's better with you
My life It's better,
it's better with you
Is it true?
It's better, it's better with two
It's better with you.
