The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, your headquarters for the free
Fred Willard effort. Is effort what we're going with? That seems kind of inert.
I mean, I feel like we could have had alliteration there, but
free Fred Willard fun, won't you? Willard wiener, why? What? What? We lax.
McElroy is my middle brother. My youngest brother is Griffin McElroy. This is their voices.
This is what they sound like. Thank you for this. The lower one is Travis. He,
a few issues. Can I enumerate my issues? Why don't you recap? Give us the quick version.
Fred Willard went to an adult movie theater and masturbated, and then he got fired from
public television and radio. Right. So, enumerated list of issues. One,
fucking layoff. Two, just chill out. Two, Frederick. Listen, a lot of people have been drawing,
and by a lot of people, I haven't been following this closely. I have been, mistakenly, but then I
remedied my thought process. A lot of people have been drawing comparisons between this and the Paul
Rubin's Jerkoff accident incident of 1996. When was it? It was early. It was 21 years ago. For
fuck's sake. You deal with the fact that someone was born on the day that Pee Wee Herman was
arrested and can share a cocktail with someone over the fact that Fred Willard was arrested for
the exact same crime. Back then, it was rough and tumble because he was a kid star, and he was
baiting much like a kid star wouldn't do. But this was also in 1973. This is, hey Fred, it's 2012,
sir. Frederick, you can do this at home. You can do this in front of your computer. Well, see,
that brings me to my first issue with the whole thing, which is a pretty broad issue. Why the
fuck are there still adult theaters? Yeah, it's a pretty broad issue. Why doesn't he just get
himself a pretty broad? You're a famous man. You've got some money in the bank. Once you go
out to the local dancing halls and meet a lady your own age, where are these theaters even
operating? Can I tell you the bigger double question? This is in Los Angeles, right?
I don't have no other crime to be worrying about other than my boyfriend Willard trying to hang.
Other than my boyfriend Willard trying to hang? Go bust some real criminals.
I'm willing to bet that wherever in any town there is an adult theater,
that adult theater constitutes the seedy underbelly of that town.
Now, are we casting dispersions because he was at this adult theater or because he was
jerking it so right at this adult theater? I've heard people say in his defense that
he was not jerking it right. He was just there and the police did a walkthrough and saw a famous
person and arrested him. No matter what, fuck it. Because A, if he wants to be at an adult theater,
that's his prerogative. He comes from a classic, the bronze age of America,
when everybody was jerking off all the time, everywhere, on everything.
It was the greatest jerk-oration. It was our greatest generation.
But at the same time, even if he was jerking it, what else are you going to do in there?
You can't fucking play, you can't fucking get out the old iPhone and play cut the rope.
You can yell that because someone's like, turn off your iPhone. You're disturbing everybody else
who's trying to beat it. Why are the police devoting resources to make this a safe space
for people to watch pornography and do nothing? How dare you? I'm watching genitals be exposed
I'm watching genitals be exposed on the screen, sir, not in my face.
That's way creepier to me that someone will just sit and appreciate the jugs.
I love watching this girl get rammed and I'm going to do nothing about it.
It's a bodily function. It would be tantamount to someone going into the urinal, putting his
hands up on the wall, and just standing there. Just standing there and staring at it and not
doing anything. I'd call the cops on that guy. I think people should be arrested for not
masturbating in an adult theater. Thank you. Yes. Cause what are they doing? It's like being at
McDonald's. There's a guy over there taking notes and talking into a tiny tape recorder.
Could you please eject him from the theater? There's a real weirdo in there.
Note to self. Vaginas seem to like it when you do this stuff to them.
Can I seriously, all kidding aside, we all have bigger fucking fish to fry than Fred Willard.
Can we please let this man live out his days without this embarrassing ass shit on his record?
Another important thing, the thing that I keep coming back to is who the fuck was he hurting?
He's a genius and he's done some amazing work.
I think we were all just a little disappointed because we expect this kind of behavior from you,
Gene Levy. Fred Willard, Fred Willard, I don't know. I guess he seems a little bit more wholesome
than Eugene Levy in my mind. Somebody tells me this happens to Eugene Levy. My first reaction
is, again? Yeah. Yeah. Is it Thursday already? Because Eugene Levy always masturbates on
Thursdays. Is that what you're saying? Why do you know this? Why do you know this about him?
Do you not read his blog? I don't. He's like a Batman villain. The most ineffectual
crime spree in the world. Leave Fred Willard alone. This is an advice show. My advice,
leave Fred Willard alone. But we've got a lot of other people to advise. Let's hop right in.
My wife and I are leaving town for a week and a half and some friends of ours have agreed to come
and stay in our house to keep an eye on our puppy and whatnot. Should we have them sleep on our bed
or on our guest room futon? Our bedroom is the only room with an air conditioner, but we weren't
sure if that would be weird. That's from Troubled in Toronto. You can tell them, you can tell them
to sleep wherever you want to. If your bed's the most comfortable room in the house, that's where
they're going. Yeah. You'll never know. I mean, it's not like they're afraid of you checking in.
Yeah. They're gonna go wherever's most comfortable. Yeah, human beings are basically like, like
cockroaches. Exactly. Yeah, they're gonna go where the warmth and the comfort is. Just let them sleep
on your bed. The fear here is that they're gonna, they're just gonna get it on in your bed. And
this is the kind of fear that is destroying Fred Willard right now. People are gonna fuck. It's
part of life. You came from fuck. You came from fucking. Just calm down. From fuck you came to
fuck. You shall return. Exactly. If you're lucky. I think they're worried about it being weird for
the other person too. This is pretty easy. You change the sheets and you say, hey, we put fresh
sheets on the bed. They don't have any of our sex on them. So if you could do the same when you leave,
just leave the sheets on a sex file. But that is giving them permission to just like, just do have
sex. And then when you're, when the act comes to perfect blissful fruition, just, just, just
everywhere. Just go buck fucking wild. Just really express yourself. I like fucking Jackson Pollock
this sheet up. Go for it. And then hang it on the wall for your friends to see you and then return.
Yeah. Signed in the bottom corner. Hey, troubled in Toronto. Why do you have so many homeless
friends? Why do you know two homeless people that'll come to your home and just camp out?
What's up with these squatters that you're friends with? I've known people before that have like
house set and like it involves spending the night at the house, even though they only live like four
miles away from the house. Yeah. Like go make sure everything's cool. Then go home, sleep,
come back in the morning. Yeah. Or else you need to get a, you need to get a chain going where
somebody has to come house hit for you. Exactly. It seems like it creates a lot of vacancies.
This is after watching, um, doomsday preppers enough. I, I, this is not an issue for me. I'm
at any moment ready to just walk around my house, flip a switch and just shut it down.
Yeah. Completely secure from the outside world. Shut it down. With that plan,
do you have like the three things you would grab and get out? No, I have a bug out bag.
Do you just keep your cat in there or what? Is this, is this a, is this a real show?
Okay. Yes, it is. Okay. You should listen to the hit TV podcast satellite dish with Justin Sidney.
We talk about it, but anyway, uh, yeah, it's a real show. People have these, uh,
they're ready for the black Swan event. That's going to, uh, upset the balance. Is that,
is the black Swan ready for black Swan on blue Ray? Is that the rogue planet one?
Is that where a rogue planet black Swan is basically any like, Oh, like slow mo
bad news bears sweeping across the, the, uh, the planet. Yeah. But like if they made a sequel to
the remake of bad news bears, that would be a black and you know, Brendan Fraser's the coach,
you know, he is, I just got to chill. I just got to actual chill.
I can't tell if that was fear or because it was fucking movie magic. A little bit of both,
a little bit of both green light. It was safe. Green light. It, this might be the end of the
world is like when it was like when the super collider first got going, people are like,
what's it going to do? Change science forever or obliterate everything or make Brendan Fraser
have a third comeback. Uh-huh. How many changes to God particle, buddy? Can we take, can we take
one of Brendan Fraser's fucking career nine lives and just give one to Fred Willard?
Can we float him a, a career second chance from, from old phrase? Cause I think he's had enough.
You're right. Brendan Fraser gets more second chances than he's on his like six or seven
chance. The dude makes monkey bone and someone in Hollywood goes, Oh, he can do better. Come on.
Come on. Just think of his other work. Like Georgia, the no Adam and he, no journey to no
mommy eight. No, wait, wait. God's and monsters. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Serene McKellen. That was
really good. Let's get another shot at an Encino man. He's a pretty good in the one episode of
scrubs. It's ever on TV where he's the brother with leukemia. Yeah. Spoilers. Sorry. Sorry.
Sorry. 2003. I ruined your episode of scrubs. Is our next episode going to open up with us
starting the Brendan Fraser defense fund? What is Brendan Fraser doing now? That's my
mastermating in Fred Willard's home. Yeah. I had to go to the point of theater. Brendan Fraser
was in my jerk room. Three things that go bad after three days, house guests, fish,
and Brendan Fraser's come back. That's the name of my cover band. No, it's not blast from the past.
Keep it. No, thanks. Oh, put your monkey boat away, Brenda. I'm kind of cause of flooring theater.
I'm out of Brendan Fraser movies. You know what I find funny? Just real quick. Brendan Fraser,
uh, thing. Wrap up your mommy. Uh, here's a, this Yahoo answer was sent in by, uh,
Dirk in it. Thanks. Dirk in it. It's by Yahoo answers user. Uh, Oh joy. Who asks if I go away
for two weeks, will my horses forget me? Okay. So I've had my horse for over two years and we built
a really strong bond and next week I'm going away for a week, coming back for a couple of days,
then going away for another week. And in that time, my friend is going to exercise him. Also,
I have a four year old who I've got a pretty strong bond with who she'll be exercising
for the first week. I fucking hope they're talking about a four year old horse and not
a four year old person. I'm worried that they'll forget me and that they'll prefer my friend to me.
I just need some reassurance. Cause sometimes I feel they are the only ones who genuinely like me
and I couldn't bear to be chosen over. I'll be seeing the first horse for the couple of days.
I'm home BTW. Thank you. X, X, X. Everything takes a real sad turn right there at the end.
Well, well, or right there at the beginning or all throughout. It's pervasive, the sadness.
Horses can't tell one person from another. Is that sh- listen, listen. This is fact. No, no,
this is 100% fact. To horses, humans are just lumpy skeletons that bring them carrots.
They have no idea where one human ends and another begins. I think they can recognize size,
uh, the size and girth of a human. I think they can size them up like that.
Oh yeah, definitely. They gotta tell the difference between like a jockey and a big fat fatty.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cause, um, yeah, exactly. Um,
And they gotta be able to tell when somebody like bends over to pick something up and they're ready
to comically be kicked in the bottom and like flung across the room or in the head. Cause
horses are awful. Um, I think all animals are out to kill us all the time. That's just like my
opinion. It's not, it's probably not any science behind it, but I think everyone,
if you really dig deep into your heart and just like really inception those,
those sweet pet memories, you'll know it's the truth. Um, I is, but I, the more I read
these fucking horse yahoos, the more I think maybe, maybe horses are on some next level shit.
You think that they're the one animal where they're like, they're starting to approach
some sort of relationship. Well, let me throw this out. Have you ever been nodded at by a horse?
Yeah. It's a beautiful moment when you nod back and you're like, yeah, I know. What's up horse?
Um, I guess, I mean, there's some, there's gotta be some biology to it, right? Like you're,
the horse is the only animal that you have to put your genitals on. That's true. That's the only
one you're forced to. Yeah. Right. There are so many things like just think about the connections
like horses have teeth. Humans have teeth. That's interesting. Hmm. What are you hiding? You know,
like how about an uncle Sam? I think you got to put your, your junk on the horse to interface with
it. Um, that's how you control it by flexing your junk. Yeah, exactly. There's a horse will respond
to the slightest shift in junk. Didn't you see avatar? Like that's how that's how it works. When
you're up on it, there's like, there's fear, there's danger, but there's also trust. You know
what I mean? There's kegels and there's trust and fear and danger and all that blends around. All
of that mixes up and I like it. It's straight up Equus. Yeah, right. Chinkle, chinkle, chinkle,
guys. I think this is, I think, I think horses might be on some next level shit. They're like
the dolphins of the land. They're like land dolphins. They're basically land dolphins.
Hey, do you want to go down to land dolphin races and lay some bets? Me neither. That seems inhumane.
Let's just let them run free. Why don't we have dolphin races? Just side note. Yes, dolphin races
would be fresh. I'd really rather watch that than horse races. I think it's because creating on-sea
seeding is so, is so daunting because everyone who would want to watch dolphins races is fat.
So you would, I don't know how you would buoy them. When you call it, you would need like mermaid
jockeys probably. See, yeah, if I said dolphin jockey, that kind of sounds like a racist slur,
maybe. Yeah. Or like something you call a scuba diver if you don't like know what that is. Very
good. Maybe someone, some sort of islander. I don't know. Is it, maybe it's like a, maybe it's
like a Tongan racial slur. I don't know. I do not know that that, I don't think it's. It's like
somebody who's not from the island. You mean like they put their pineapple on top of their, on top
of their beef, you know, like, Oh, you don't put the beef on the pineapple. You dolphin jockey.
Yeah. Go back to the mainland. Is that your islander impression Justin? Yeah. You just say
everything slow. Go back to the mainland dolphin jockey. You sound like you've lost the ability
to have inflection. Yeah. If like, if the Caribbean had like a deep south and also you were drunk.
Take your banana republic polo and your ability to modulate your voice tone back to the mainland
dolphin jockey. Now it's becoming like a Charlton Heston islander. It's why he played it. It was
the sixties. It was a crazy time. They got Charlton Heston. It was like Genghis Khan and John Wayne,
you know, they, they, they got a white man to play an ethnic role. It was highly, highly offensive.
Do you guys think that the bigger an animal is, the more your human capacity to love it is expanded?
To an extent. Yeah. I don't love elephants all that much. See, I don't love, I'm always
taking a T-Rex. I mean like that, that, that scares me. Well, those don't, those don't, and never
existed. If you, I like, you guys remember, do you guys remember operation Dumbo drop? What was
the one with Bill Murray? It was operation Dumbo drop. Was it? Yeah. Yeah. Do you remember how much
he fucking loved that elephant? Sure. Not by, at the beginning of course, that elephant was a huge
hindrance to him and his, his way of life. When he was trying to crash on, crash parties and like
sleep on people's couches across the country and just like hang out. Uh-huh. You know he's coming
to Austin, right? Oh, I'm, I'm gonna fucking hunt that down. Dumbo? Yeah. No, no, Bill Murray. No,
that elephant's dead as fuck. Elephants have a lifespan of like three years. Yeah, it's weird.
They're like lightning bugs. Um, I'm saying maybe that's what's up with horses is that like I could
never love my cat as much as I could love a horse because they're, they're so much bigger that they're,
they're, I don't know, they're more of a friend. But that has limits, right? Like, okay, so you've
got free Willy. I can concede that point, but when you get up to like the blue whale level, I think
it becomes harder to sort of. You're saying there's a bell curve for animal size and love. The perfect
size at which you can love an animal is a horse. Yeah. As it becomes bigger than a horse or smaller
than a horse, you love it less. Does that horse is like the most you can love something? I think so.
Yeah. Yes. Including other people. Yes. Okay. Now we're getting somewhere. And also, by the way, before we go
any further, a horse is the most you can love something. It's a bumper sticker trademark of
my brother, my brother and me. So for, for you, uh, you, you amateur, uh, horse riders, uh, don't,
don't, uh, don't steal that from us. Also, we, we've taken, uh, my other car is a horse. I'd rather be
horsing, and, uh, my horse is smarter than your honor roll student. Uh, that's good. We also have the
rights to just horsing around. That's J-E-S apostrophe and J-U-S apostrophe. Just horse around. We do not
own the rights to J-U-S-T horsing around. That is, of course, owned by horses. Those damn
entrepreneurial horses. Horses. Um, I don't travel all that often, but I found it odd that the last
hotel I stayed in, there was a spot on the bill for tipping the maids who clean the room. Is this
a thing? Do people do this? I've never left a tip at a hotel in my life. Am I good? That's from
confused, confused cheapskate in California. You're probably not good. No. You're not good.
You probably tipped wrong. No matter how much you put down, you either put too much or not enough,
or you didn't do it at all, or you weren't supposed to do it and you look stupid.
Tipping is- That's how I feel. Every time- Yeah. The last time I went and got, like, an expensive
haircut because, damn it, I'm worth it, I- there was a line for, like, tipping, and I had this moment
where I looked at the lady. Oh, you definitely, definitely, you definitely tip a haircut. Yeah,
but I didn't know how much was appropriate. Twenty percent. It was a very nice place.
Tipping's a trap. Tipping is a trap to make you feel stupid. We've talked, we've talked about
tipping a lot, so I don't want to, I don't want to belabor this question too much, but
if you're just, if you're going to do anything ever, Google it and find out if you're supposed
to tip or not. Yeah. I would just leave, leave some expensive jewelry out on the counter in
your room so the maids know that that's their tip, and they can just, like, take it when they clean.
Hey, who's such a gay boy here? He must want me to take it. I, I, uh, I actually had a situation
that came in handy real, uh, last weekend. I was in, uh, Dayton with some friends, and
we did bad things to a hotel room. We kind of messed it up, and I kind of spilled some wine on
the sheets, and it got a little hairy in there, and so I handed the maid a generous tip as she
went into the room. You fucking paid her off to forget you were there. So I paid her off to keep
a secret. Now let me revise that story with the truth. Uh, Sydney gave the maid a generous tip,
and I, no bullshit, saw the maid was coming down the hallway and turned around and hid in the
elevator because I was so embarrassed of the room's condition. Now, can I ask what you,
you're not the fucking... She was going down, then the maid went in the room, she saw the room,
she made some snide comments that I heard from down the hall, and then the maid went to go get
a pillow and bring it back to the room, and I, unwilling to hide in the hallway anymore, went
into our room and hid under the table, uh, hoping that she would not see me and connect me with
those other people that messed up that hotel room so bad. He's actually recording from under said
table right now. I am still under the table. You are not the fucking wild stallion type. I have to
know what you did to this room. There was just so many bottles! I'm boring, but like, I know cool
people. So, like, there was a lot of drinking, a lot of carousing. Like I said, I spilled...
You can't just say carousing! What is that? Are you guys having a fucking...? I bought a bottle
of something called Raise the Glass to the Bacchanalian Gods. Yeah, like, I bought a...
This is the kind of night it was. I bought, before we went, I bought a bottle of something called
Adult Chocolate Milk. Like, that was literally what it was called, and we drank that, and we
played some music and danced, you know, like young people do. Like, this is what young people do.
You fell asleep by 1115. It was four, but yes, basically. I tried to fall asleep, and every...
The blow would keep me awake. There was no blow. I wish... I don't know how to avoid it by that.
I just assume you met people punching you in the face. No. But yeah, like, I paid her off, so
if you feel bad about what you did in your hotel room, tips are really good, because it's like,
hey, sorry. I think... The same thing applies if you house it for a friend and you bone in their
bed. Hand them a 20 on your way out the door for dry cleaning. I don't know that this is dependent
on how much your room costs, but I kind of feel like, I don't know, like a five dollar tip per
night is like, is good. That seems fair to me, right? I mean, I don't know actually how you
figure it out. I don't know what the recommended is. I am going into the fucking lion's mouth
of this issue next month, because my girlfriend and I are staying at a fancy all-inclusive resort
in Playa del Carmen, so it's all-inclusive. Everything's paid for, so I'm not going to have
that 20 percent rule to guide me on tips, because you've got to still tip people. You know what I
mean? Yeah, you just need like a pocket full of bills, and then stop handing them to them.
Literally. Take their hand away. Except I'm gonna be chilling in the pool all the time,
and on the beach, so I can't have like a pocket full of bills. I gotta have like a waterproof
fanny pack, and that's not a good luck. Right. You know, if you find yourself having questions
about this, I recommend the How Stuff Works episode, Stuff You Should Know How Tipping Works.
Boom. Yeah. Helped. Consider yourself helped. I mean, I know how it fucking works. I take money
out of my pocket that's more additional. He wasn't talking to you, dullard. Yeah, Griffin,
and I'm also not talking about the process of removing bills from a wallet. That's what I'm
saying. You take the money out, and you give it to the man, even though you already gave him
money before. It's so fucking... You have the monies, and then you give away monies, and then
you don't have the monies no more. It's not my fault that they pay you like a joke. Work to
earn more monies. Right. You should demand better wages. I will help you unionize, but this five-ski
is mine. What kills me... Well, we've talked about tipping enough, but what kills me is coffee shops
where I have no idea how much they're actually getting paid, and I think I'm always getting
ripped off. I think it's a dupe. I just like to get my money away. I think it's a worldwide dupe.
I think everyone who works at... I mean, I can't even go on with this bit. I have friends who work
in restaurants that are gonna burn my fucking house down. Hey, I just checked. It's one to two
dollars for a bad hotel, three to five dollars for a good one. But don't wait until the last night,
because different people will clean your room. So leave a couple bucks or a few bucks out,
and leave it somewhere prominent so they'll be sure to know it's not just stealing.
Like, tape it right next to the wine stains you left all over the bed and wherever you spilled
your adult chocolate milk. Put a dollar by every adult chocolate milk stain like you're fucking
cataloging a crime scene. Speaking of money, money time. Okay.
Friends, every Friday at 10 pm on the IFC, you are going to tune in for Comedy Bang Bang. It's
this absurd half-hour comedy show. It only looks like a talk show. It's got Scott Ackerman. I know
you're wondering, is the Ack there? He is. Reggie Watts? You betcha. They got great guests like Amy
Poehler, Zach Galifianakis, and Seth Rogen. This Friday, they got Elizabeth Banks, and one of the
special guests this week is Polly Shore. So maybe they can find out what the phrase is up to from
Polly. It's comedy so nice they banged it twice this Friday and every Friday at 10 pm on IFC
Comedy Bang Bang. I want to talk about Squarespace. It's a website where you can create your own
website or blog in minutes. It's now super easy to use. They've got all new beautiful templates.
They've got a really responsive design. Your website will scale to display on any device.
What about web Skype? iOS, browser, Game Boy, advanced SP. They've got an award-winning support
team. Go to Squarespace.com. Our listeners get 10% off by using the offer code MyBrother7. That's
MySpaceBrother space and then the number seven. Go check it out. Building websites is difficult,
but Squarespace can lead you through the desert to the sweet oasis of website success. That was a
beautiful analogy. I was about to goof on that, but it's really evocative. I can see it in my
mind's eye, you know? Yeah, that's me. I paint pictures with my words that hang in the air.
Oh, fuck. I can taste it there. Yeah. I can taste the pictures that you said with words.
I'm on Salvia. It should be noted. We should do an all Salvia episode. It would last four minutes
and it would be fucking bananas. It'd just be full of screaming. Don't suggest that to people
because then that'll be all we hear about. Oh, we got that Salvia app. Never. Never. I'm
never doing that. We'll do our Salvia app and our D&D app on the same day. It'll be great.
Special bonus, subscribers only. Kickstart that. Kickstart our Dungeons and Dragons Salvia app.
Everybody, guys. Everybody. Someday we will look back on this time in American history and think,
God, I wish I kickstarted something. Yeah. Man, I wish I got on that gravy train. I keep thinking
like what we should do is kickstart a UK tour for my brother and my brother and me and it's like,
who would pay for that? Well, people who come to it. Okay. But I think that at this point in
history, people will pay for anything. Yeah. They just like the idea of us doing it so they'll pay
for it. I think a UK tour would even demand too much work from our end. I think that we could
shoot a lot lower and have our ROI, you know, really, really synergize our ROI. I completely
understood that. Yeah, portfolios. How would you synergize the return on investment for this? Oh,
you know, gross national product. Oh, okay. What you have to do is you have to minimize your loss
risk while increasing your stocks, your stocks. Now, would you diversify that, Griffin? No, no,
no. That's it. That buzzword was only applicable in the nineties. You got to synergize it. Don't
diversify. You want one big good thing. Do you emulsify it? You emulsify it in a tray of butter
for about 25 to 30 minutes. Don't over emulsify. I cannot wait until my equity matures.
I can't wait till we mature. Hey, razor choices, electric or manual from Gmail. I love it. Short,
it's sweet. Short, sweet, to the point. And I am a big believer in the wet shave with a safety
razor. That's what our pod father, Jesse Thorn, suggested on the grooming episode of Put This On.
And it's a method that I have come to really, really enjoy. Is a safety razor like safety
scissors? No. Yeah, it's like a safety pop. It's one of those lollipops with the hoop on it so
the dumb kids can't swallow it. It's a funny name actually because it's like safety compared to
a straight razor, but compared to like all other razors, it's wicked dangerous. It is safe
compared to shaving with a fucking Claymore, to shaving with a broadsword.
But I've never experienced any bad cuts. And it turns shaving into a bit more a ritual. I mean,
you got to get a brush and you got to lather up and you've got to make it all nice and smooth
on your face. You usually do a couple of passes, but it's worth it. It's easier on my skin. As a
bearded gentleman, I go with the electric because it's better for trimming. Sure. And then also,
I have a very sensitive neck and the manual just gives me the razor burn. The electric,
no problem. Travis, the electric eats your face. Your neck is looking a little fat lately.
How dare you? I'm just saying. I've been doing neck kegels. Okay.
My neck is as tight as an 18 year old's. Oh God. Do you know what I do? What? I do electric
on the weekdays and I go straight razor on the weekends. I like that. I like that. It keeps it
from being too much of a chore, too much of a routine. The problem, I used to be all straight
razor because Justin got me that for my birthday, I think. And I really like it, but the problem is
that it takes a while. It takes like three times as long. It's just like dragging a Mach 3 across
your stupid face. Wait, just so I'm clear, when you say electric, do you mean like a vibrating
Mach 3? I mean a vibrator. I just rub like a vibrator that I got from Extreme Restraints
across my face until the hair- You're not talking about those crazy spinning circular
blades, right? We can all agree that's crazy. No, that's- No, I've got like a beard trimmer set.
Yeah. I shouldn't have to say this. You shouldn't put some sort of alien thresher on your grill,
you dumbo. Don't put that there ever. Shave it. What the fuck do those vibrating razors accomplish,
by the way? When your skin goes like, oh, that's nice. I'm going to stick the hair out farther.
Yeah. It arouses the hairs. Yeah. It gives your hair a boner. Yeah. I was just ready for like
everybody in the world to simultaneously realize that that was bullshit. No, Doug, I swear to God,
it's all I can use. I swear to God, you can't go back on that. It gets your shit so smooth.
What are you talking about, Griff? That vibrating Mach 4 or 5. Oh, that is so good. I mean,
when I was using, back in the day, when I was still using those kind of multi-edge razors,
the vibrating Mach 3 is a fine choice. It's a treat. It's a real treat. I like the beard trimmer
because the electric, I can set it at a line and just use such a clean line all the way across.
Yeah. And use it at the same time to keep my beard manageable and not looking like a wizard.
First off, you should really chase that look. I do it my way because it's fast on the weekdays
when it's working time. And then on the weekends, I can luxuriate. I'll take a nice, long, hot shower
and then luxuriate with a 15-minute wet shave. It's like a sharp massage. It's real good.
The only other problem with wet shaving is when you're traveling. Yeah, there's a lot of accoutrement.
Well, the accoutrement is not as much the problem as the fact that you can't bring razors.
If you're doing carry-on, you can't bring a safety razor with you. There's no context in which they
are cool with it. I've gotten it through once or twice just leaving it in the razor, but they are
very... Because it is like a... I mean, it is a... It's dangerous, yeah. It's a short knife. I really
want to bring back the Sweeney Todd style straight razor. Can I do that? I'm sure there's a hipster
hipster doing it somewhere. No, I want to do it unironically. Too late. Everything is ironic. It's
2012. Fuck. Griffin, hit me. Here's a Yahoo. This Yahoo was sent in by Brett Townsend. Thank you,
Brett. It's by Yahoo Insta user Tori Bailey who asks, how can I ask my gynecologist out?
Actually, he is not my gyno. My doctor transferred me there because of my enlarged ovary.
We are trying to find out what is wrong with my bladder and he keeps sending me back. I had a
pelvic exam once and I kind of liked it, but before that, we was talking and laughing. I noticed we
both looked back at each other when it was over. He was kind of checking me out. I was scared to
look back because I didn't want him to think I liked him then. I attracted to him a lot and he's
so cute. I just went today and he wanted to do an exam again, but my little sister was with me,
so he rescheduled it. IDK. Yeah, he was checking you out. Literally. When he did the exam, I was
nervous because I was laughing when he was inside me. It kind of tickled. Is this Fifty Shades of
Grey? This is what Fifty Shades of Grey is about. I can't go on with this question. I can't either.
How do you, I'm sorry ladies, but how do you maintain the mystique in a dating relationship
when the guy has already gotten to eighth base? Not only that, but in the most clinically detached
way. He has cartographed your vagina to an extent that he is bored with it forever. Right. He
literally knows you better than you know yourself. He has drawn a depth map of every molecule of your
bathing suit area. He has carved his initials into your cervix. He could find your uterus with his
eyes closed. I don't think it will. What is the practical effort? God, where's that uterus?
Oh no, the power's out. Yeah. It's the black swan. I need a place to hide. Let me get up in
that enlarged uterus. Oh man. Yeah, I could see this. I could see this being an issue.
That's like me saying I'd like to ask out the poor young doctor who had to give me,
you know, stick his finger up my butt. Oh man. That poor guy. But see if the roles,
I feel like if the roles were reversed. No one has to get prostate exams anymore. Sydney just
told me that's the new thing. That's not true. No more prostate exams. It's fine. You don't need
to get them. Now it's a lot more anecdotal. It's like, so how's your prostate? And you say,
it's good. It's good. It seems good. It feels fine. I don't actually know that was true.
That I was sort of half listening. It can't be true. Go get your prostate
checks right now. Even if you're 15. I think, I think if the roles were reversed. Make sure it's
a doctor. This is a female doctor, a female penis doctor. I feel like there wasn't any mystery there
to begin with. Everyone knows how that works. The vagina is like inside you and it's like a maze.
It's like a hedge maze with a minotaur in the middle of it. And the minotaur is pleasure.
You took a hard left there. The anger. Fred Willard is listening to this podcast right
now. Just jerking off his wiener. Hopefully for the privacy of his own Starbucks on the corner.
I don't think there's any way you can have that conversation with somebody. I do not think,
I think when you have a person inside you, you can't clinically. When a person is in you
clinically, there's no way to flirt. Wait, how about this? Hey, time out.
Why don't we finish this over drinks later? Yeah. Yeah. If a person is in you clinically,
the bigger concern is that you'll flirt. That's the big, hey, why don't you do this?
Why don't you look at him and say, you've seen the trailer. Are you ready for the presentation?
And if he's not down with that, he was never meant to be because he's not a cool dude.
Oh God. You're going to just keep coming to the open house or are you going to make an offer?
Yeah. You're going to keep trying to sample nuggets. You can get an eight pack. You sicko.
Oh God. You're going to keep taking these sampler platters to springtime Oreos.
You're just going to go buy a package. That happened to me last week. It was awesome.
Oh God. I don't think you can. I don't think you can tell if a person likes you or not.
When they're when they're up ends. Yeah. There's no signal. There's they can't send you signals
or maybe they can. Maybe guy knows like I've never. Oh, don't don't. No, no, no. I'm just
saying. I'm just saying there's got to be a fucking smooth ass gynecologist out there.
There has to be Jude Law PhD and he's up in you and he gives you a look and you're like,
holy shit. Like, I think this dude, I think it might be on. This is happening. This is happening
for real. It seems everything checks out. And on a personal note, nice, nice stuff.
Nicely done. Good stuff. All of you. You cannot lose with the stuff you use. I really enjoyed that.
I really enjoyed that. Personally speak clinically speaking. I listen from a professional standpoint.
Neat Hyman. Is that the first time you said Hyman on the show? Yeah. Confetti shot out of my mind.
This should be. I've got a banner hanging up. They just felt like you've the banner just says you've
the banner just says you've said all the words. All the words that you should not say. You've said all
of them. You said all the words. I've got a little checklist here. Let's see. Mons pubis. Yep.
Smegma. Smegma. No. Yeah. Yeah. Episode 17. Smegma. And then Griffin, you said jizz earlier. Yeah,
I did. Check that. Labia. Labia. Yep. Hey, my friend is trying to get me to go to a hip-hop
dance class. I can't dance. I don't know anything about hip-hop. How do I lame out of the situation?
Or should I put on my Nikes and just do it? P.S. I don't have Nikes. That's for Mindy in Columbus,
Ohio. Step one. Get some Nikes. Get some Nikes. Hey, let me throw this out guys.
This 20 does. If someone asked you to go to a hip-hop dance class, if someone asked me,
I'd probably do it once. You do it once. Don't ever do it again if you don't dig it. But like,
how will you know if you don't like hip-hop dance classes? It sounds like- Also, if your friend is
persistent, going once gives you an out later to be like, no, I went and tried that and it was bad
and I don't want to do it again. I hated that. Because if you don't go, they're just gonna keep
asking. When you say no, three months from now, you guys are at the club, your friend starts
fucking krumping so hard. Losing it. So hard that like- Dance battle erupts. People are physically-
You've got to pop and lock for your territory. People are being pushed back by the krump waves
that are coming off of your friend because they're just pounding it so fucking hard.
They're krumping and you're kramping. Yeah. Their style. Just by being there. Just do it.
You might like it. Now, I do have to say, I'm being very positive about this. If I'm at a hip-hop
dance class, the first time the teacher's like, Justin, can you pop that and or lock it a little
harder? I'm like, I'm out skis. My hand's in the air. Justin, you're bruising that move. I need
you to bust it. I need to stop you both right here because I don't think either of you have watched
a hip-hop music video in the past 15 fucking years because I do not think popping and locking it is
still a thing that is commonplace. I do not think in a new Chris Brown video, people are moving like
robots. Are people still busting a move? That is no, no. Young MC took that one to the fucking grave,
dog. Now put some cardboard on the floor and spin around real fast. Oh yeah, did they do that head
spin thing where like they kind of do it like a tornado? Teacher, would you like to see my tootsie
roll? No, no, I wouldn't because it's fucking 2012. It is not 1999 anymore. I don't need you to
teach me how to Dougie, but I would appreciate some notes on how to improve it. Ah, Charlie Brown.
Nope, it's not. It's super not. Psst, when do we start working on the electric slide? We never did,
never will. Never did that. Can't. It was never a thing. Excuse me, teach. Can you teach me how to
teach? Can you teach me how to do that move of the guy in the fishing hat does where he shakes his
head really fast and it looks like he's vibrating? I think it's in Breaking Two. Teach, teach. When
do we start the partner work with the brooms? What are you talking about? Are you in Fantasia?
Well, no, but now, yes. Teach, pardon me, when do we get the lesson about dancing on
the ceiling? That's going to go on and on. Teach, when do we start the Jamiroquai work?
Now Friday, we have a Jamiroquai workshop. We do have the room where the floor is a giant treadmill,
so everyone, we're going to have a lot of fun. Yeah. Don't bring your bags in, please.
Do not bring your bags, but do bring in your gigantic hats like Mr. Jamiroquai would wear.
Did you guys know that the lead singer of Jamiroquai was just named Jamiroquai and
it was just him? Now, is that true? No. He was actually the last of the Jamiroquai Indians.
Exactly. Oh, Christ. My older sister recently watched Kick-Ass and decided she wants to be
a real-life superhero. I don't want to discourage her, just the opposite. I want to help her get it
in 20 Does, and if that involves helping her dress up in a costume and fight crime, then so be it.
What can I do to help her get ready for her career as a crime fighter?
Also, she hasn't come up with a name or theme for her persona, so any- I'm sorry,
I said persona really bad. Let me try again. Persona. So any and all suggestions will be
welcome. Aiming to be my sister's Alfred is the name of that question to ask her.
First of all, I'm 100% behind this. No.
Okay. See, we got conflicting opinions. This makes for good radio.
It depends on how active your sister wants to be in the crime fighting process. If she wants to
be a watcher, a lookout for crimes, and then contact the authorities,
fucking open a newspaper and find any time where somebody being a vigilante ever turned out to be
a good thing. No, but I think there's things like, you know, walking with people so that
they're not walking by themselves late at night and jumping from rooftop to rooftop.
Okay, but how long- that's going to keep your sister satisfied for maybe three days,
and then she's going to go fucking full-blown George Zimmerman. Like, that's how this arc
terminates. That's the fear. That's not the fear, that's the fucking 100% definite reality,
unavoidable consequence. Okay, first, let us say don't do this. Secondly, when you do,
first thing you gotta get is a taser. That's like a superpower, basically.
Yeah, yeah, and then you tase somebody because you think they're committing a crime. Oops,
they have a heart murmur. Dead. They weren't committing a crime. They were buying a fucking
gumball from a gotcha gotcha machine, you stupid. So I think electric- electric last,
this both way. Electric last is a bad idea. Okay. You know who's a good- you know who's
a good crime fighter? Yell- yell for the cops, girl. Hey, I think this guy's committing a crime.
9-1-1. Cops show up and he's buying a fucking gumball. At least you didn't kill him.
Not like electric last we have in the back of the police car.
Uh, here's the good news. We are a society that now spends 17 hours per day, on average,
watching reality television and eating Thai food. That is basically the only two things that any of
us do. We've gone thick- grown thick and slovenly, uh, but from the- from our disuse of our physical
forms. If you take like a spinning class two times a week, you're basically a superhero.
Like you are- if you bother to be even a little bit physically fit, you are- you are
moved to the level of that super- super heroine. I've had a brainstorm. Okay. Okay. What if you
were a non-crime fighting superhero? You were just a lazy superhero? No, no, no. No, no, no.
You were a much more like activist superhero. You were like Recycle Girl or Captain Vegetable. No,
then you're Captain- then you're Captain Fuck Clean-Off. Then you might as well be like,
Sergeant, don't tell me how to live my life because that's- I don't want your guidance.
You're in a leotard. I like Justin's idea of you can be a superhero just by being a little bit
better than everyone else. If you've had a Twitter account for over a year and haven't said something
shitty on it, congrats, Superman. Way to go. Nice- nice willpower there, Hal Jordan. Do you- do you,
uh, never let the people who try to get around traffic jams by scooting up on the berm- if you
never let those people in, you're a superhero. Oh, if you do that like half over the line thing
so people can't get around, everyone behind you is like superhero. Yeah, yeah, that guy's a
superhero because he's not letting- Oh, if you have figured out a way to politely honk at someone
who doesn't realize the light has turned green but you don't sound like a dick, you're a superhero.
No, wait, that would- that would be like an inventor-type superhero who invents a horn
that's just like, uh, excuse me. Pardon? No, no, no, it's more that, like, you found the exact
right length of time to press the horn. Oh, so it's just like- So they're confused? Like,
was that a honk? Oh, the light changed. Oh, hey, oh my. Uh, is this the- is this the honks or hot
line? I need you to come by and honk at somebody. He's been at this green light through 17 lights.
It's- it's been three hours. Oh, he's might be dead. Hold on, yeah, oh yeah, he's dead.
He's dead. God damn it, electric glass.
This car is stolen, bazaap. Oh, wait, uh, fuck.
I'm willing to bet that in real life there's not a lot of banter.
Yeah, there's not like- Stop right- I don't want to stop, I'm a criminal. There's the banter. I
want- I want to keep robbing. God damn it. I want to keep robbing people because I'm a robber.
This is what I like doing. I like- I like to rob people and steal their things and have them for
myself without working for them. Whenever I see somebody doing anything wrong, not even like a
crime, but like, I don't know, they roll past the stop sign too fast. My immediate reaction is not
like, what's wrong buddy, can't read? It's always like, oh fuck, fuck, oh god, oh god. Oh, here,
I've got a great persona. Okay. Boomerang lass, because when you see something happening, you go
away and come back later and they're gone. Yeah, that's- hey, what's up, I'm bad Samaritan.
You could just hang around the grocery store and like help people. I'll tell you the superhero I
need. I need cooking suggestion superhero. I'm like looking at three different kinds of pasta.
Just tell me what fucking pesto to get so I can get out of here. I don't know anything about pesto
sauce. Help me. That's a superhero I could get behind. Sure. What about a superhero that always
helped me find a convenient parking space? I don't exactly know how that would work, but let's workshop.
In Austin, in Austin, on some of the busier streets, homeless people will help you. They'll
just like stand on the side of the, like they'll stand on a corner and just like point you to where
an open parking space is. Really? Yeah. That's awesome. And I always, and then they come up to
you and they're like, hey man, you're like, hey, you know, give me, give me some money. Because
they basically just valeted for you. And then you, and then you say, you actually, I'm going to give
you something better than that. I think you're a superhero. Bye. Put a cape on. Yeah. I'm super
hungry. Yeah. Bye. Bye. I think you're a hero. In my book, flat you man. I think you're a hero.
Captain ill-fitting charity t-shirt. You're my number one hero.
When I, when I worked at GameStop once, I got robbed at gunpoint and before they robbed me,
they asked if we had any PlayStation threes in stock. Cause it was right when the PlayStation
three came out and I lied because they had their hoodies pulled up over their faces and their hands
in their pockets. So I knew that robbing was about to happen. And I lied and I said, no,
we don't have any PS threes. And we had a bunch and then they robbed us and took our money,
but not our PlayStation threes. I guess my question is, am I a superhero? Well, you're super dumb.
That was really dumb, but I think maybe really proud of you, but at the end of the day,
they didn't get entertainment. Do you know how long before you were fired from that job?
I wasn't fired. I quit at my own volition. I was awarded the medal of honor from Huntington's mayor.
The GameStop medal of honor. He's like, yo, it's actually just a copy of a medal of honor.
The mayor was like, those guys were trying to, those guys were trying to play,
you know, heavenly sword. Those guys are trying to get their call of duty on and you stop them
from doing that. And we appreciate that minor inconvenience that you almost traded your life for.
Please take this copy of medal of honor. When they pulled it, when they, did you actually see the
gun? Yeah, dog. They pulled out the fuck. I've got a gun. Trust me. Shh. Guess what's in here.
You don't want to know, but it's a gun. When they pull out the gun, what was your response?
My immediate response. Your first impulse. It was very, I mean, the first impulse was,
can I kick over this counter? How high can my kicks get? How high and lethal would this kick
be if I delivered it? And that impulse lasted for maybe a thousandth of a second, which I think is
pretty brave. And then it was, oh God, why did I lie about those space station threes?
I hope they don't go in the back. Help me. Sonic the hedgehog.
Leap into action. Mario cut out. Yeah.
Shit. This has been our comedy podcast, my brother, my brother, and me,
where we take your questions and turn them Alchemy-like into wisdom. Thank you to people
tweeting about the show with the MBMBAM. Hashtag Amoeba. Dave your fave. Deferria. Gunboater.
Gamebeast23456. Sonic Orb Studios. Terrence Fox. Frosty Plum. Red Elephant. Why you no good?
James Letter. Fabled few. I'm AI, damn it. Of course, our friend Brentalfloss. Espypants.
Coymore. Everybody. Me can tweet. Thank you so much for tweeting about the show. If you
want to share our program with somebody, why not tweet a link to our sampler? It's bit.ly forward
slash It's MBMBAM. It's a great way to get other people on board with the program. Best way we
have of growing. Also, if you haven't seen yet, they announced the Max Fun Con East lineup,
and it's pretty amazing. And it includes a lot of great names like John Hodgman and Dick Cavett
and the Stop Podcasting Yourselves guys. But more than that, Michael Ian Black is going to be there.
And how mad are you? I'm so mad. So if you haven't got tickets, I think there are still
some available. So go get them now, maxfuncon.com, and you get all the information there. I want to
thank John Roderick, Long Winter, for the use of our theme song. It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed. Thank you, John Roderick. You can pay him back by giving a listen to
Roderick on the line. It's his podcast that he does with Marilyn Mann from You Look Nice Today.
It's fantastic. If you would like to send us a question about something going on in your life,
you need advice, or you'd like to send us a link to a Yahoo Answers question that strikes you as
funny, email it to mbmbam at maximum fun dot org. Also, listener Ryan Mount emailed us to point out
we talked last week about a roller derby name of Hannah Barbaric. And I was corrected in that
there already is a Hannah Barbaric right here working with the Cincinnati Roller Girls. So I
want to give a shout out to my girls at the Cincinnati Roller Girls. Now when you say your
girls, you mean women that you've never, ever, ever, ever met before. I've actually met a couple
of them. One of them worked at our theater for a while. Okay. And I want to give out to the
Chemical Valley Roller Girls. What up? That's my team. I bet the Cincinnati Roller Girls could
kick your roller girls asses. Well, maybe they'll have a bout and whip it. Figure it out. A throw
down showdown? Throw down showdown. This final Yahoo Answer was sent in by Krista Whalen. Thank
you, Krista. It's by Yahoo Answers user Assman, who asks, in Home Alone, why did the cameraman
just film everything and not call the cops? That's the best. That's the best ever. I'm
Justin McElroy. This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dad. School wear on
the lips. Keep your heart, three stacks. Keep your heart. Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart. Man, these girls are smart. Three stacks, these girls are smart. Play your part.
