Here come the McElroys. We've got jokes and bits. We're gonna give advice and do funny
sips. Laughter, it is in store. Come inside and see. It's time to start. It's my brother,
my brother and me.
Yahoo answer once responded, flowers are plant genitalia. Secret exposed. Secret revealed.
Farmers probably know some shit though. They probably know some fucking Earth wisdom. Well,
not these days. These days farmers just flip the switch on the machine that yanks the milk
out of the cow's tits. Do you think that farmers still know how high the sycamore grows? I
don't think, no. Why does the grinning bobcat grin? They don't care about why the bag of
the bobcat grins. They just want to shower him in chemicals. You know, can you paint
with all the colors of the mountain? Listen, Douglas, I think your farm is great. I do
think that if you did not have that giant sycamore in the middle of it, just to see
how tall it'll grow. What if I cut it down? I'll never know. You won't live to see it.
No one will. My children's children will. Their children's children are going to turn
it into magazines. Man, that bobcat sure seems to like it though. That bobcat seems pleased
his punch. How did he do that? I don't know. He's just that way. That's just how he is.
Call him Henry. Everything is shale colored. Yeah, dog, it's mountain colors, idiot. Paint
it with the colors of the mountain. That's what I do. Apparently, sunflowers fucking
rotate to follow the sun across the sky. Yeah. It's called heliotropism. Didn't know this.
I just learned about heliotropism from Yahoo Answers. Is it real? I don't want you to learn
from Yahoo Answers ever. Griffin, you just yearn. This is the singularity. Everybody
else. I don't want to learn anything from Yahoo Answers either, but if it happens, then
I'm willing to accept it because I love knowledge and I love drinking it up, and apparently
heliotropism is the thing. Apparently, Wikipedia is telling me all about waggle dances now.
I'm going down a fucking rabbit hole right now. Griffin to knowledge is like a sunflower
to the sun. Griffin just tilts his genitalia. I tilt my plant genitalia towards it. One
of the Yahoo Answers responded, carrots. Indeed revealed. I bet you guys cows know some shit,
but mostly farmers know some shit about Earth and the way things work that they're not telling
us. About good dirt and bad dirt. I bet that's something they know a lot about. You know
what's funny is they know a lot about farming, but they've never seen a tall building or
a car. Yeah, right. They would be horrified. It would be very scary, but I bet they know
all about what happened in Benghazi. I bet they know the truth about Benghazi. If you
want to fucking suss that out, put a farmer on the stand. There's two things farmers know
about, like agricultural shit and foreign affairs. Benghazi specifically. I've been
trying to get into gardening. Sydney and I have been trying to plan some stuff. Speaking
of secrets that farmers know, one of those secrets that I don't know that I'm betting
farmers do is basically not knowing what plants will emerge from the ground and which I will
have to retrieve from there. I literally had to ask Sydney about basically every plant.
Like, will the pepper be in the ground or will it be above the ground? And I bet that's
a secret that farmers have on a lot, pretty much. Yeah, I bet that that's pretty important
to just their general survival and their fiscal stability is just knowing sort of like where
the carrots are at any given time. I can never remember. Ah, shit, I did it wrong again.
I dug up the plant. Is it a carrot tree? Fuck. I can't remember. I did it bad. I am the
worst farmer. I don't know any of the secrets of Mother Earth's beautiful womb that I grow
my carrot children inside. I should never cut down that sickle. One of my neighbor farmers
told me that if you feed a cow rocks, then he'll poop out whole watermelons that you
can sell at the country fair, but they just killed them. They died. They're tricky farmers.
That's the secret about farm wisdom is they're either telling you something that will enrich
your life, like heliotropism and bee dances, or they'll give you a little riddle. They'll
play a trick on you. They're like bridge trolls. They're actually descended from bridge
trolls. They are. All farmers are descended from bridge trolls. They only speak in riddles.
There's another secret for you. You know that poem, God Made a Farmer? It's not true. God
made a bridge troll, and then they just sort of naturally fell into another vacation. They
defied his teachings and they left the bridges. And so they were cast out of Eden. That's
Genesis 1-1, baby. Read a book. Read a book. For once. Specifically the Bible. Specifically
our new version of the Bible. The Bradley's Grimm presents the Bible.
Is it appropriate to leave a small party? Six people. When someone puts on Gangnam Style
and asks everyone to start dancing. That's from Unsure in Oklahoma. Oh, this is the shittiest
oops, you're in the shittiest party. I would actually argue that six people does not constitute
a small party. Well, it's not a party until Gangnam Style comes on and then uh oh, it
is it is a small party in the Dungeons and Dragons sense, but not but not in the typical
social sense. Here's here's okay. The verbiage in this question that really throws me off
is that if you had asked, is it appropriate to leave a small party when someone puts on
Gangnam Style and everyone starts dancing? Yeah, if you leave that, if you leave that,
then you're a stick in the mud. But if you when someone puts on Gangnam Style and asks
at attention, please attention, please all rise to our feet. I'm going to teach everyone
the dance. I learned it from YouTube. Move your legs from side to side as if you were
straddling an invisible pony. Dance you beautiful bastards. This we are golden gods there. The
fun thing about this question is that this person has already lived this scenario and
one of two things happened. Either they they feel bad because someone said everyone start
dancing to Gangnam Style and they said I'm leaving and then they walked out the door
and never look back or they did do it and they dance and they're wondering was there
another way? Now, I think it was the former and I think the next day the host of the party
this this psychopath who dictates when the dancing occurs. She came up to them is like,
hey, what the fuck man? Like we were having a great time last night. That was inappropriate
Dave. You left and then there were only five people and that definitely doesn't count as
a party anymore. You ruined my birthday. What if the host of the party was Psy? Oh, that
is egomaniacal. He put on his own song and said, please. It's all I have. I don't think
there is an organism on Earth that is more sick of that song than than Dr. Psy. I have
to assume nobody likes his ballads. You know what I mean? Nobody likes his likes his tender
lovemaking stuff. Everybody will try to get into gentlemen, but they're not feeling it.
People. Yeah, people. People listen to gentlemen out of fucking courtesy. You know what I mean?
But the hook, the hook, we owe him this one. Yeah, he's given us so much and we in turn
have also given him quite a bit, but the hook on that one does not bring me back. It's sort
of like, it's sort of like how people continue to listen to if it makes you happy by Sheryl
Crow because they, they really appreciated all I want to do so much and it was like they,
they did all they could do for all I want to do. They bought the single, they bought
the album, and then when that next album came out with it makes you happy, they thought,
well, you know what? I still owe her. I am still in debt to her for all the fun that
that first song brought me. Right. Yeah, it's exactly like that. There's so many similarities
between science, Sheryl Crow that I feel like a lot of people just like goes right over
the head. Have you ever seen them in the same room together? I have not. No, I have not.
Could it be a Phoenix rebirth? You think Sheryl Crow fucking die? No, I'm saying that Sheryl
Crow met with like her advisors and she said, I need a new persona and they said, she went
to Phoenix online university, took some classes in Korean. She took a minor in hammer dancing.
Did you guys see that mashup? Oh, that went down good. When the two of them performed
that together, take a chance. How can I get my dad to be cool? He's a really shy, nerdy
guy. He's like 50 so can he really change? My mom walks all over him and it makes me
see that my father is not a real man. Yes, he's a responsible man and a kind man, but
not a real man. I want to teach him how to be cool and not so uptight. He needs to start
hitting the gym, going out to socialize and maybe pick up a fun hobby like pool hustling
or joining a motorcycle gang. Oh my God, 50, any too late to just fucking switch it and
change it. We're talking about a dad's all that, right? I can't take those glasses off.
Oh shit. Your stigmatism. I forgot. Hey dad, get off that riding lawn mower. Can't buy
me dad. Come on. Let me clean you right up. Oh my goodness. Hey, dad of the year. Was
that the Rick Moranis movie? What was the Rick Moranis movie? That was Honey, I Shrunk
the Kid. Honey, I Shrunk My Swag. Honey, I Blew Up My Swag. How can you get your 50 year
old? Well, first of all, you're going to have to have a Frank conversation with him. With
your dad, Frank. If your dad's name is Frank, it helps to say like, listen, you have raised
me. You're kind and you're responsible. I know my mom's walks all over you, but I respect
what you've done for me and my family, but fuck you are lame. Manzos. Man, I look at
you and it's just, you're just a pitiful husk of negative manliness. The stork has not been
kind enough to bless me with a baby from the cabbage patch, but I am 32. Right. So I would,
I can address something for you. Your dad is a hundred percent aware at every waking
moment, how uncool he has become. This is not a, a wake up one day and you have those
socks with, you have Argyle socks on. This is a slow descent from relevance that started
like in his late twenties and just kind of got worse. I would bet statistically though
at some point he was probably cool. That's the thing. He might be still, he might be
in full blown dad denial. He might be in dad Nile. Like he might be like the biggest Niles.
There's not a river in Egypt. I know it's not, it's not, it's not bad at all. He, like
he might be like a big parrot head and that might be like a mainstay from his youth. And
he might just think like, I fucking get it. The world is, the world is moving in the wrong
direction and that direction is away from Jimmy Buffett's relevance. I am still on the
fucking cutting bleeding edge. Is this going to be a Buffett full episode? Maybe it's his
birthday. What? Like, do you know what I mean? Like there are those dads out there that are
like, oh yeah, man, I saw the Eagles three times last year and it fucking changed. Like
that's, that's not, that is literally only your definition of cool. Even the Eagles don't
think that that, that, that Steve, the Eagles know, the Eagles are like, here's the thing.
We need to talk about your Eagles consumption. The Eagles said to the Eagles fan, the other
side of this coin is so much more embarrassing that if you had a dad who suddenly just rolled
up one day in full on like leather outfit and biker gear and like we ride in the motorcycle
and he was like, Hey kids, let's go check out the concert scene. Like does anybody here
like Drake? And then he fans out some Drake tickets. Yeah. You're not going to be more
proud of him. I would actually, that would be, that would be if my dad rode his motorcycle
from Ironton, Ohio to Austin, Texas, and then fanned out a fucking fistful of Drake tickets.
I don't even, I don't know a single Drake song, but I would say yes. And I would hop
on the back of that Harley and we would go have the best ride in the sunset. Oh, this
will be interesting if the call and response works out. Um, this one was sent in by Ira
Ray. Are you Ira Ray? Wow. That's gratifying. Uh, it was by Yahoo answers user Sammy who
asks, what are some simple mysteries that I can solve? Be serious. My dad said to start,
it's misspelled start, but it's hard to pronounce it, uh, small and build my way up to big
mysteries like spirits and houses, hauntings, et cetera. I need to know some simple cases.
Please. And thank you. One of the more mannerly Yahoo answers we've got. Yeah. I like that
play. Don't start with encyclopedia Brown. Those were way hard for me still. I cracked
one up. I cracked one open recently. I'm 32 now. These should be, and I'm cut to 20 minutes
later. Well, okay. The first battle of bull run couldn't have been this because the sword
said on that love those books didn't make me any better at mysteries though. I think
your parents have to plan the mysteries for you, right? Cause I don't know how old this
person is. Um, I hope not too old. Um, you gotta, you gotta get an early start on the
mystery game. It's like being a gymnast, but it can't start young. What could start as
a small mystery could like unfurl to be like gang gangland violence, drug trade. Yeah.
Just like, just like, just like a national national treasure. He's trying to, he's trying
to find the constitution and then it turns into a whole thing. Starts out with him doing
a tricky Sudoku. And by the end of it, he's just wrapped up in a fucking John Voight,
shoot him up. That is the problem with, if you've, I mean, if you've ever read anything,
any mystery, it always starts with what appears to be a simple mystery. I don't think you
can definitively say this is going to pan out to be very simple because what if it's
like, it's like that sweater, you start pulling that yarn and then it's just, well, there's
our whole case here. Then you have the mystery of the unraveled sweater. Yeah. Your mom is
super pissed off that her sweater is fucking gone. And she's like, mystery solved. That
was simple. Let me look at some clues. Let me just think back. Yeah, that was me. I did
that. It's a pretty good clue. My memory. When we were, uh, when we were little, little
kids, uh, I don't think when we were smaller, I don't think Griffin was born yet. And Travis
and I tell the story then cause like, oh, this is okay. This is BGM, uh, before Griffin
McElroy, uh, and Travis and I had discovered food coloring. So we, uh, filled every drink.
We could get our hands on with food coloring. And then we decided to see what effect it
would have on the carpets. And, um, and then our mom came down and I just wanted to tell
this story cause that seems like a pretty easy mystery for her to solve. So if you could
set that up for him, just put some food coloring on your mouth and on the couch and then sit
there and wait. And I think that as his parents, you could, it would be pretty easy. And it
was also, that was also just like a really good bit for like the family circus fans in
the audience. Like people who don't like all the blue humor we usually do and just want
some like Dennis the menace-esque shenanigans. I don't think there's anything wrong with
being tasteful for a few minutes. I've been pushing to get us to be a little cleaner and
I think that was a great start.
I told the story on Twitter today about the, uh, jawbreaker in the theater. You guys know
that one. I don't think so. Where, uh, we were, uh, seeing a play with dad and he, our
dad used to be obsessed with these, um, they were birds egg jawbreakers, birds eggs. Sometimes
I call them psychedelic jawbreakers. Uh, they're, they're the white ones with the colorful
flecks on them that, that when you eat them enough, those flecks turn into like, they
become tactile. They became, they become like fucking birds. They become a topographical
map of, of, of the, it's the worst thing to have in your mouth. I don't know why he was
as obsessed with them as he was. They're, they're why our daddy has diabetes now, but
he loved them back in the day. He had a whole, you could get him a cracker barrel. It was
like his exclusive dealer. And I remember he had an empty shed spread country crock
container that he kept up, up, up out of our reach. Mac, you're back, huh? Uh, wait till
you see this new shit I got in. I've got the dopest prickliest kush. But anyway, so he
was, he was enjoying some of his prickly kush and he, uh, he laughed and the jawbreaker pops
out of his mouth and rolls down two aisles. And without missing a beat, he says, Oh, my
glass eye. And he covers the socket with his hand. And this one, two aisles down, picks
it up and hands it back to him. He pops it right in his mouth cause he's a dirty creep.
Our dad's a dirty creep. Our dad's a creepy dirty fuck. Just kidding. He's the best dad
of all time. If you say anything like that about my dad, I'll, I'll take, I'll take your
skin. Take a chance. Farm wisdom. Get your fork. It's not us pork. Farm wisdom. I would
like Griffin to read the first one please. Um, here's the first one. I grew up on a race
horse farm. Oh, the most exciting life. I grew up on a race horse. Welcome to the show.
Paul Bearer, the late Paul Bearer joined us. When a veterinarian castrates a race horse,
they throw the detached balls up on the roof of the barn for good luck. Pretty gross. Jesse.
Thanks, Jesse. And I fact checked that. That's a hundred percent. That's a hundred percent.
A hundred percent. Fuck you. There's no, it doesn't horse sperm sell for like hundo
thousand on. You castrate a race horse if it's having behavioral problems. And then
you, you have like, tell me though, promise me that if you are going to do this for behavioral
problems, you definitely, definitely bring the horse out of the yard. When you throw
its balls on the roof. Hey, come see this. What? How did this old wire you get for playing
in my yard? Hey orb, come watch this. See what's funny to eat my pocket. Orb. Come on.
How, how did this fucking witchcraft kiss? I can't imagine there was just a super lazy
veterinary old timey. You never heard balls on the roof fast in the hoof. I'm imagining
like an 18th century veterinarian. Like what do I, ah fuck. What do I do with these? They're
slippery. Maybe in that, maybe in the heat of a passionate horse crime, they, they cut
off a ball, a horse's balls unwillingly and then had to dispose of the evidence. Chinkle
chinkle balls. What do you know? Oh fuck. You gotta, you gotta tie them on the back
of your truck so that they hang comically as though they're the trucks testicles. It's
very comical. Is that the implication? I believe so. I'm going to go back when I'm editing
the podcast and find the minute Mark where Travis said he was going to start adding whiskey
to his beverage and then time it out to now and then we'll know like the porousness of
his liver. What's the other farm with him? Uh, chickens play dead and fart through their
mouths. It's the best Smith's album. I don't care what anybody says is the best. Hey
everybody. I hope you're enjoying this bros better bros best. Sorry. It's not a new episode
that Justin and Griffin both lost power for a long time. When I'm recording this, Justin
still doesn't have power in his house and is staying in a hotel. Everybody is safe.
Everybody is warm. It's just been very chaotic for the last week. So I hope you'll bear
with us and understand and now enjoy the money zone. Online shopping can be daunting. It's
listen, I'm worried enough doing my grocery shopping online. I still do it because it's
cool and it's the good thing to do, but it's even scarier buying clothes because I don't
know what's going to fit on my body. I don't know what's going to look good on my body
and I barely even know what my own style is. That's why I love Stitch Fix. This season
let Stitch Fix do all the hard work for you. They are going to find clothing hand selected
by expert stylists for your unique size, style and budget. And one of my favorite parts,
you can try on pieces at home before you buy. You try them on, you keep your favorites,
you send back the rest. Stitch Fix has free shipping, easy returns and exchanges and a
prepaid return envelope is included and there's no subscription required. I've been using
Stitch Fix for a while now. So if you see me and you're like, huh, Travis's style game
has really stepped up. It's all thanks to Stitch Fix. I wish I could take credit for
it, but so much of that is Stitch Fix. And it's not just like, you know, shirts and pants.
It's cool shoes. I've gotten cool jackets. There's lots of stuff in there. It's all amazing.
Highly recommend you check it out. And you can get started today at stitchfix.com slash
my brother and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix. That's stitchfix.com
slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix. Stitchfix.com slash
my brother. Be really honest with me. Be really honest. Hey, are you ready? Are you ready
to be super honest with me? Do you like your sheets? Do you love them? Or have you just
been sleeping on them so long and you don't think about them anymore? Because I'm willing
to bet that when you really stop to think about it, you maybe don't even love your sheets
as much as you could. And that's because you don't have Brooklinen. See, Brooklinen are
amazing sheets that I love. And so I know you'll love because Brooklinen was founded
as the first direct to consumer bedding company. They work directly with manufacturers to make
luxury available directly to you without the luxury level markups. They have a variety
of sheets, colors, patterns, and materials to fit your needs and tastes. And Brooklinen
is so much more than sheets. They've got comforters, pillows, towels, even loungewear and more.
Listen, I love their sheets very much. That's absolutely true. But my life changed when
I got Brooklinen towels. It's all I use now. Highly recommend. Love them. The sheets are
comfortable. The towels are great. Go check them out. Go to Brooklinen.com and use promo
code MYBROTHER to get $25 off when you spend $100 or more plus free shipping. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E-N.com
and enter promo code MYBROTHER to get $25 off when you spend $100 or more plus free shipping.
Brooklinen.com and use promo code MYBROTHER at checkout.
Real quick, a couple of announcements before we get back to the bros better bros best.
In case you missed it last week, we had to postpone the Adventure Zone virtual live show
because of the inclement weather conditions. But we have rescheduled it. It's going to
happen March 5th. Existing tickets are still good. Tickets are still available for purchase
at live.themacroy.family. And if you're interested in information on refunds, you can find info
for refunds at bit.ly slash TazRefunds. The show is virtual and interactive. It's going
to be March 5th at 9 p.m. Eastern Time. Basically, there will come times in the show where you're
going to get to vote to decide what the players do. We're going to be playing Honey Heist
with special guest Erika Ishii. Tickets are only $10. And like I said, you can get them
at live.themacroy.family. Make sure you check out the February merch, especially that pin
of the month before it's gone. It's Boy Car from the My Brother, My Brother and Me TV
show. Designed by Zachary Sterling. It benefits Know Us Without You LA. Know Us Without You
is providing food security for undocumented back of house staff and their families in Los
Angeles. Don't forget to check out the Taste of Luxury Stimulus Wine Glass. The Taste of
Luxury Shirt designed by Kevin Budnick. And Candle Nights video on demand is still available.
It's pay what you want and all proceeds go to Harmony House. And hey, while you're thinking
about it, go ahead and pre-order The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom. It's available now.
The pre-order is. It's going to come out July 13th, 2021. And you can get that pre-order
at theadventurezonecomic.com. Now, back to the show.
Hey, kid. Your dad tell you about the time he broke Stephen Dorff's nose at the Kids
Choice Awards. In Dead Pilot Society, scripts that were developed by studios and networks
but were never produced are given the table reads they deserve. When I was a kid, I had
to spend my Christmas break filming a PSA about angel dust. So yeah, being a kid sucks
sometimes. Presented by Andrew Reich and Ben Blacker. Dead Pilot Society, twice a month
on MaximumFun.org. You know, the show you like, that hobo with the scarf who lives in
a magic dumpster. Dr. Who.
I'm sorry if this is too weird. Do you smell a person while hugging? Be true.
He adds, definitely yes. It gives you a kind of an idea of what kind of a person he or she is.
Does it? I'm trying to think if I've ever like, intentionally... Yeah, because that's
the thing. Do you mean like, oh, I hug someone and, you know, like, I'm breathing. Yeah,
that's the thing. Or do you mean like, I hug someone and go... It's like when you scope
it out, when you scope out a situation. You see it with your eyes. Like, the neurons are
already in your brain once you perceive the thing. The neurons are going to go where they
want to go. They're going to fire off the synapses that they want to fire off and then
all of a sudden you know if that person's attractive or not. When you hug someone, you
have smell particles going in your nose that are firing off those... Your eyes can be deceived,
Griffin. Right, that's true. But smell particles can't lie. I actually have... I think that
my usual MO is to... Like, I'll do a regular inhale, like, as I'm going in for the hug,
just breathing. Oh, man. But then if I like, sort of, I like... Oh, you'll go in for
secondsies. I'll go... You'll take a second... Hey, do you mind if I take a second scoop?
Just real quick. Let me just get a second scoop real quick. Is this one per customer
or can I have two? How much for an extra shot? I feel like if you get an extra whiff in,
though, you definitely do have to comment. Oh, man, definitely. You just have to say
like, okay, can I hug the other shoulder now and then go to the right? Yeah, like the French
do it. The French do it. Double hugs. This is a serious, serious problem for men of my
kind, cynacistic, who have my particular almost constant set of maladies relating to my nose
zone. Which is to say, it's some kind of... It's either hay fever season or mold season
or some kind of season constantly here in Austin, so I'm constantly sniffling. And if
I'm hugging someone, I mean, every 10 seconds I have to sniff. And like, if they land in
that period, it is going to seem like I'm like, oh, hey, bring it in. Yeah, I haven't
seen you in a while. I love it. What? No, it's just... Yeah, I'm sick. Well, then why
don't I just embrace it and be like, you smell great. Just say you smell great. Everybody
wants to hear that. You brighten somebody's day. They don't think it's weird. Or you've
been working out. A compliment. It's a great compliment when not said right after sniffing
someone. Because when somebody's fit, the scent that they produce is way, way, way better
when they've just... Oh, no, I'm in the day of working out immediately prior to the hug.
Oh, God. So they smell like Jim Funk. Also, have you guys met my friend Jim Funk? I want
to ask you guys... This is related, and it's something that's been on my mind for a few
days. I was watching something on TV. I don't know. But you see it all the time. And two
people were meeting... The TV show? Yeah, a television program. A few people were meeting,
and when they were greeting each other, the guy goes in and kisses the woman's cheek as
like a greeting, right? And you see this happen... Was it his wife or his mom? No. Okay. But
you see people doing it. I mean, it happens. People do it. I don't know... I mean, grownups
are always doing this, and I see it on television and sometimes in real life, and I don't know
how you would even begin to add that layer to your social repertoire. Yeah, because I
honestly... I've tried it. Like, I've done a couple of, you know, just preliminary tries
of the cheek kiss greeting. Just to kind of take it for a spin and see how it goes. I
got to hear about your dry runs. I don't want to weird you out, but do you want to
experiment with me? I want to try something out. Okay, so you know that awkward moment
when someone goes for a hug and you go for a handshake? Yeah. It's like that times like
eight. Just eight? That seems so conservative. Griffin, I've done a lot of number crunching
on this. It's eight. The chances that someone's going to fucking headbutt you is pretty high.
The person pulled back and was like, that was eight times weirder than when you go for
a hug and they go for a handshake. That was exactly 800% weirder. Griffin, I took fucking
statistics in college and I do, in fact, know what I'm talking about. I've got a survey
size of a thousand. Well, you told us it was two. What? No, I said a couple. That could
be a thousand. How did you... What? Were you... Had you been drinking? Like, what? I don't
know what... Yeah, I can't even imagine making this decision. That's a horrible experiment.
I did it in laboratory conditions. Did you do one dude, one lady? Just to see how it
felt like... I did 500 dudes and 500 dudes. And it was mostly for college credit because
I can't afford to pay that many people. Sure. Your fucking mouth would have been busted
after a thousand smooches. I had a robot. Okay. I didn't do it myself. Right. Pretend
this robot is a loved one you haven't seen in a long time. Your acquaintances, but not
lovers. Okay. Now the scene is set. How many times worse was that? Enter the smooching
chamber. The background is set. Enter the smoochitorium. Well, you don't want to skew
the results, so I had to tell them they were there for a sleep study. Something is going
to happen in this room with this stranger robot that's going to make you uncomfortable.
Have fun. Science. Get your college credit on the way out. It's important that they don't
know that the robot is part of the experiment, though. Or else it'll ruin the truth of the
experiment. Farm wisdom. Farm wisdom. Get your cow into a suit. Farm wisdom. Oh, what
if you put your cow in a person suit? Yeah, I'm a humie. I'm a skin. I'm a flesh-o. What
would they be called? Humies? Humies, maybe, I guess. I'm a humie. Cows are proven to
have, oh no, you know what, Travis, you should read farm wisdom. That's your thing, I think.
Cows are proven to have best friends. If they are separated from each other, they get stressed
and their milk yields suffer. That's from Victoria. I don't know why, but I find that
fucking, like, heartwarming. Oh, it's amazing. I actually watched, there's this documentary
on Netflix about, I think it's called Animal Odd Couples, and it's about, like, this dog
and this cheetah are best pals, and they interview zookeepers. They're like, yeah, I don't know
what fucking happened. This dog and cheetah just started hanging out together. But you
knew that they just put them in a cage, like, let's see what'll happen. You know, they went
through, like, 14 dogs and six cheetahs before they found the right mix. Griffin, I cannot
imagine how bad of a day you have to have before you decide that you deserve Animal
Odd Couples. We watched a very bleak marathon of Homeland, and I was like, we gotta fucking
boost these spirits. Let's watch a monkey on a dog. Travis, any other farm wisdom this
week? Yeah, I want Griffin to read the second one. This one is sent in by Laura, thank you.
She says, if you want to get rid of a groundhog, pee in its hole. It will move to a better
neighborhood. Oh, the property values around here have just plummeted ever since Jeff P.
in our borough. I feel like a Bad Elements moved in ever since Jeff P. in here. Hey,
Jeff, what are you doing? Hey, neighbor. Howdy, neighbor. Hey, neighbor, I'm just gardening.
Yeah, I just put in my last mortgage payment today. We own the- oh, fuck. Oh, Jeff. Just
repainted the kid's room. We pretty much have- oh, damn it, Jeff. At least the smell's gonna
go- oh, you ate asparagus- oh, fucking Jeff. You know, honey, earlier today I was telling
Jeff about our groundhog problem- oh, goddammit. Goddammit, Julia. I told you not to tell Jeff
about our groundhogs. Oh, he's outside already. Son of a bitch. Yeah, I kind of feel like
that's a catch-all way to get anything to move out of the neighborhood. Like, is there
an animal that, like, you pee in its burrow and it's like, nice. Nice. Sweet. Probably
prairie dogs, fucking nasty ass rodents. Let's get some piss up in here. Yeah, now the party's
really getting started. We're all freaks. You know rattlesnakes are getting dirty. You
love it. You guys wanna Yahoo? Please. This Yahoo was sent in by Bobby Mitchell. Thank
you, Bobby. That's why Yahoo answers user demonica, who asks, do these guys want to
steal my horse? It's very complicated, but I'm going to try my best of what's happening.
I got a healthy- sorry, I already fucked up. I got an healthy racehorse. He's four and
beautiful and calm as anything. He's a dream horse. So, anyway, there's a group of lads
that keep on pointing my horse out in the field or in the stable. They asked me if he
was mine today. I was on a hack out with him, and the guys keep their eyes on him. And when
they noticed I was watching them, they turned the other way. So when I came back to the
stables, they were outside my stable door and said, oh, he's beautiful, isn't he? But
there's something suspicious about their behavior, right? They also want some beating it. I also
noticed- gross- I also noticed when I'm riding in the arena, they watch him in the far distance
outside the gate. So any idea of why they seem more attached to my horse? Are they flirting?
Other people are also interested in him, but they don't do what they do, so I'm finding
their actions very suspicious. What should I do?
She means, are they flirting with her?
Ah, it's hard to tell.
Okay.
By lads, she may actually mean four other horses. Like, horses are following her horse
around. I'm going to steal this horse. It'll be like, horse taken.
You know, I think that any- I think she might be projecting a little bit. She just loves
that horse so much that she assumes everyone else would want to get into this dream horse.
Get into it?
Like, get- you know, like get-
They just want to take a- you know, they want to get inside, like sit in the passenger seat.
Right, right, right. Get into its whole scenario. They think, hey, like you could, you know,
really get into it.
Like that scene in Ace Ventura when nature calls and he's inside the rhino.
God, if we could go one episode-
No, I don't mean like literally into. I mean like, like when you go to the car dealership,
it's like, I can get you into a new sedan.
What's it going to take to put you inside this horse?
You know, I don't think a horse can have a sidecar, Justin, if that's what you're-
if that's what you're suggesting.
Does AC come standard on this horse?
Is this a standard or automatic horse? I see.
Can you even steal a horse? Like-
If you can, the worst thing you can do is sit there and go, that's a beautiful horse.
No, you know what?
It's a lovely horse.
What kind of oats? Does he eat any kind of special oats?
Do you lock the barn or how would I steal him just hypothetically?
The problem with the idea of stealing a horse is because it implies that you can own a horse
and as we all know-
Not possible.
Nobody can own a horse. They are like freedom incarnate.
You can-
Can you steal a dream? Can you steal a hope?
You can-
Can you steal wishes?
At best, you can form a partnership, a voluntary partnership with a horse.
At best.
But there is no title involved in the process.
And if anything, it's a tenuous agreement.
Can you steal a sunset?
Can you?
How about a yahoo?
This yahoo is sent in by Andy Hill. Thank you Andy.
It's about yahoo answer user John. It's gonna get gross.
Here it goes. John asks,
Detailed, how to kiss please?
Some girls like making out with me and some say I use too much teeth.
Help me out here guys. How should you kiss?
You shouldn't use your teeth.
Teeth is a bad-
Well sometimes you can, you know, if it's getting all-
Of the enunciators, I would say that teeth are the least important in the equation
and lips and tip of the tongue are probably much-
Yeah, I don't think he's worried about hitting his hard consonants while he's mouth deep.
Help with my plosives.
Guys, I actually just got a letter from my lawyer.
He says that it would be actually too weird for me to continue to participate in this particular conversation.
I actually just got a letter from my copyright lawyer who said that if I give away my secrets, I will be infringing on my patents.
Okay, then let's go off the record here.
Let me turn the chair around and that officially means we're off the record.
Okay, just to be clear, any kissing secrets I give away here cannot be used professionally.
Do not tweet them. Do not quote us in your local periodicals.
But we are about to drop some science on you.
Girls love it when you just run your teeth into their teeth.
If there's not a loud click-
I did that a lot in high school and the girls would be like,
Ow, what the fuck?
And I'd be like, what's wrong? Don't you know? That's how it's good.
That's what's good. That's good now.
Girls also like it when you sword fight with your tongues.
When you really get in there and Greco Roman wrestle with that shit.
If you make a mistake and you seem to set them off right, set them off wrong rather,
you need to pretend that it's the way they do it in whatever the next level of education for you is.
So if you're in middle school and your teeth click and they say,
Oh, I hate that. You say, well, that's-
This is what they do at the adult learning annex.
This is how they do it in my doctorate program.
So I don't know. You just need to maybe get a little more mature.
If you do make a mistake, though, the best way to do it is to just lean in real close to their ear and just go,
Uh oh, cheerios.
Yeah, that's going to really ignite that.
I think it's really going to set this situation ablaze.
The trick is to be thorough.
Just get your whole mouth in their mouth and just sort of scout around like a surgeon fish.
My number one kissing rule is kiss every tooth.
Kiss every tooth one by one. Let me see that.
Wait, you got a little more?
And then, and if that starts to get stale, just start going around the face.
You know, go for the eyes, you know, the nose.
No holds barred.
Use your nose.
Put your fucking eyelash on their tongue and like just give them some of that for a bit.
Put your nose, put your nose in their ear.
Yeah, just act like you're a puppy looking for some straight pizza sauce after pizza night.
After pizza, after pizza Thursdays.
Don't explore their mouth after pizza Thursdays though.
No.
And you know what else girls love?
Women and gentlemen enjoy that before you do anything, you ask, and I mean constantly,
Is it okay if I kiss your eyeball?
May I kiss your nose?
You can kiss them.
I'm going to look behind your ear for pizza sauce.
Yeah, or just if you're doing the mouth too, just give them like a,
Can I kiss your mouth?
Can I kiss your mouth?
Can I kiss your mouth again?
I really like it.
And keep growing in intensity every time you ask.
Can I kiss your mouth?
How about that mouth?
Can I kiss it?
Can I, please?
Can I ask,
Give me that mouth!
How are we going to alert our listeners that it is now safe to walk across the room and pick up the headphones that they have surely by now cast, cast from the,
I've got like at least three more minutes of snitching tips.
Somewhere there's some dude with a notepad going, ask before you do anything.
This is good.
This is good stuff.
Pizza Thursdays.
Okay.
This is all good.
This Yahoo was sent in by Wayne Rowan.
Thank you, Wayne.
It's by Yahoo answers user Sophie who asks,
Do horses have any emotions that humans don't have?
I am actually doing a horse behavior presentation for an equine class I'm in,
but I was wondering if horses had exactly the same emotions that we humans do.
Humans is in parentheses as if like you didn't fucking know.
As we humans do.
I went on a website that told me the types of behavior that horses have.
Buckle your asses in.
Can I make one quick point before you tell me the behavior that things that horses have?
I want to see if you did something valuable from this before your presentation.
I definitely, definitely can't wait to see this line on the bibliography.
I can't wait to see how you cite the information you received from Yahoo answers.
Acceptance.
That's fair.
If you're professionally being written, right?
Well, it's not ideal, but I don't have a problem.
I love oats and apples.
Affection.
Sure.
Sure.
This is my favorite.
Anger one and anger two.
Anger one is like a quiet, reserved anger and anger two is like an explosion of biting.
Yeah.
It's just spurs.
That's the only thing that if they see spurs like,
I am angry one.
Breaking out the dose today.
Annoyance.
It doesn't apathy.
Fine.
I accepted too much oats.
I guess another ride.
Sure.
Perfect.
Whatever.
Jumps tricks.
It's all the same.
Be beautifully.
Sorry.
They made like an earthbound dragon.
Sure.
Why not?
Anxiety.
What if I ran out of oats?
What would happen?
Boredom.
Well, what?
Okay.
I can't blame them too much for that.
Right.
It's like they can't even watch Game of Thrones.
They don't get HBO.
Could you turn the TV towards the window, please?
Right.
Towards the window.
I got a big day today.
I'm either going to stand in grass or run in a loop.
I can't wait to see what fate has in store.
Well, I mean, that's okay.
Tame horses, yes.
I could see them falling prey to boredom.
Wild horses?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Boredom for a wild horse?
It can't happen.
Wild horses aren't familiar with this emotion because they can just go jump over a brook
they've never jumped over before.
I have to imagine that for a wild horse, it's mainly about anxiety because they're very fast.
And I can see a situation where you're in a conversation deep with another horse friend
and then all of a sudden you look at them and you think, hey, Rodrigo, have you seen
any grass for a while?
And then Rodrigo's like, oh my God, you're right.
There's no grass.
And they're in the middle of a parking lot.
They're in a parking lot.
Oh, great.
This is going to be on the news.
Was no one paying attention?
Who was following who?
I'm feeling annoyance right now, which could be upgraded to anger one if something doesn't
change.
If you keep running your fucking mouth, Rodrigo, it's going to get upgraded to anger two and
you don't want to see that.
Dude, just relax.
Let me figure this out.
Compassion.
It's got a fat rider.
It's too bad.
Did you see Lucy?
Lucy's got a fat rider.
I know.
Poor thing.
Poor deer.
If you are a being that is mainly bred to be ridden and you can still work up compassion
for anything else, God bless you.
That is a beautiful, beautiful reserve of goodwill.
Well, they feel bad for the burros.
Sure.
Sure, they do.
For the burros.
Yeah.
No, roll the R's because it's not authentic if you don't.
For the burros.
Thank you.
I don't know what animal you're talking about if you don't roll the R.
Contentment.
Very few horses, I imagine, feel this.
Orb definitely feel...
Orb appreciates the fact that he has reached the physical fucking apex of possibly any
creature on the planet.
He probably...
I think it's just anxiety, right?
Even if you win the Kentucky Derby, it's like, well, am I going to get the Triple Crown?
That's what everybody starts asking.
That's a lot of pressure.
Am I going to be able to fucking keep up this perfect body until the Preakness?
They're going to shower me in oats after this fucking thing.
What if I can't perform my stud duties?
Right.
Oh, man.
Pressure.
Curiosity.
Doubtful.
Based on what?
Why is that doubtful?
What are they curious about?
They have everything they need hand delivered to them.
I wonder what driving a car is like.
Right.
If they are curious about it, I refuse to...
If they're curious about anything, they're certainly not acting on it, because they seem
to be kind of in a rut as a species.
Yeah.
Nobody's ever said curiosity killed the horse, because a horse will see...
A fucking helicopter could land next to a horse, and a horse would be like, that's not an
apple.
Is that an apple?
Come back when you're...
We check for a stem.
Nope.
No stem.
No thanks.
Come back when you're hay.
Yeah.
Come back when you're hay.
Fear.
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, daily.
If there's a bull snake around, those things are terrified.
Yeah.
Loneliness.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Physical suffering.
Yes, sure.
100%.
Absolutely.
They are...
Their entire being is suspended in a state of constant suffering.
So, yes.
Think about how Sat...
When horses get the spurs and then they run faster,
they're trying to run away from a danger
that is like physically attached to them.
That's the saddest thing in the world.
Which most humans have,
but do horses have any emotions that humans don't have
or that humans can't relate to?
Thanks.
Prance. The latter?
Yes. What?
Prancing.
Prancing is my- Okay.
Yeah. I've never felt prancing.
I don't think that's beyond human,
it's beyond you, yes,
just because of like your physique, no offense.
Wouldn't you think, though,
that if the horses did have an emotion
that we don't have in humankind,
then we probably don't have a human word for it, right?
Right. It's sort of like,
it's kind of like the flavor umami.
Sure.
It's an indescribable thing.
It's like if there were any new colors that we didn't know,
we would know about it.
You know what I mean?
Chicken chance.
You know, I lose stuff a lot
so I have a tendency to like absentmindedly sit stuff down
and then just keep going.
And it's like, I know that I've sat my keys down
at some point, but I can't picture where.
And what I do, and it's not exactly like a very proud moment,
but I'll just loudly announce,
like I'm setting my keys on the dresser
and make it active.
It's pretty dorky, but it works
and I don't lose shit anymore.
Do you ever sing a little song?
Dresser keys, dresser keys.
Will you be there when I need?
Putting my wallet on the toilet paper dispenser
in the bathroom.
Gotta do it, gotta do it.
What if there's pee on the floor?
It's okay if it gets on my pants.
I'm just wearing these for one day.
But who am I, mister buy a new wallet every week
when I get pee on it guy?
No.
Toilet paper wallet.
You're my best friend and I love you.
You know, people say Widow Yankovic has lost his step.
But I think his tunes are as fresh as they were
in the 80s.
Take a chance.
Can a 27 year old sign up for high school again?
I want to see if I can go back to high school.
I have a car and bigger muscles now.
So I think I'll be more popular the second time around.
And I've always wanted to be prom king.
So what do I need to go back to high school?
Oh God.
Bust marketing for 21 Jump Street.
I'm getting my masters in high school.
I'm getting my post grad in high school.
What you need is a teaching certificate.
And then you can go back as a teacher.
I guess that's true.
Yeah.
That's the only way you can go like that
and then beat up all the people who are mean to you,
I guess.
There's no loophole where you can like,
I recognize now at the age of 26 when I finished,
unless I go back for some master's program,
which doesn't seem likely,
I've done all the school I'm going to do.
And it's only now that I realized,
man, I actually like learning.
Fuck, I wish I'd paid attention to anything.
I feel that way too.
Now that I'm older,
I'm reading books to teach myself.
I'm trying to teach myself complex subjects
that are impossible to teach yourself.
And I'm like, man, if only I had fucking done anything,
like any amount of work instead of just like the
requisite shit to get by.
I think college should be something
you get to do in installments.
Cause that way you really appreciate it.
Cause as you get older, you want to learn.
I like learning now.
Back then I hated waking up more.
I think that after like,
when you complete your sophomore year,
someone should sit you down and be like,
are you appreciating this?
And you're like, yeah, I'm not.
I'm probably not.
I'm like, okay, great, cool, cool, cool.
Just go off for a while.
And when you do appreciate this,
we'll welcome you back.
But Travis, you can't put that gene like that.
If there's a definition of what adulthood is,
it's realizing that you didn't appreciate stuff enough.
Yeah.
Cause if you could figure out how to turn back time
and do that easy stuff again,
cause like, let's be honest,
going to college for all its ups and downs
is a lot easier than having a job.
Yeah.
So what if,
what if we start giving jobs to 12 year olds
and then you work from 12 to 21
and then you get to go back to school?
What if-
But the only jobs we give them are college professors.
Now hear me out.
Don't do this.
Don't go to a high school like you are,
as you are now as a man.
You won't, you won't be allowed in.
They won't let you in like you are now.
You're old and-
They'll know.
They'll know that you,
that you don't want to do great things there.
So don't even, I wouldn't even try.
They'd probably, seems like a good idea in the brain,
but I'm pretty sure hindsight's going to be 20, 20
on this particular thing that you want to do
that's terrible.
Especially when you're on 20, 20
and they're like, what were you thinking?
And you're like, you know, in hindsight.
This grown man tried to wear a Justin Bieber t-shirt
and go back to high school.
What would you do?
What would you, but fucking what if he went four years
and he made it to senior prom and he was in the running
and then like two days before,
like, I don't know, some kid lost his legs,
that he was also in the running,
lost his legs in some sort of industrial accident.
And this guy's like, fuck!
Like I spent four years for this day.
And this no-
This is the worst day of my life.
And this little leg kid's gonna fucking swoop in
at the last second.
He probably won't be swooping.
Like some sort of legless Tarzan.
Son of a bitch.
On the plus side-
Gotta do it again.
Gotta do it again.
31, start all over in a different town.
On the plus side, I'm sick at times tables
and my cursive is off the chart.
It's fucking insane.
How can I legally change my dog's name?
His name is Larry.
I want to change it to Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna open up a food truck inside my dog.
Or additional details, or hot dog party days.
It's a really good name for a dog.
Why do people keep sticking with one word name for dogs?
What this person doesn't say is that
this is the dog's request.
Hey, Larry feels so unsophisticated, so unironic.
I don't know what channels you need to go through,
but I've written down some suggestions.
It's why we don't teach dogs English,
because they ask for stupid things like this.
Here's what I'm, this is why I brought this question up,
is because it brings up a good point.
I'm learning all about the life of dogs.
We already discussed my revelation about dog periods.
Dogs go through a lot of the same shit that we go through,
but at the same time, if I take my dog,
nay Larry, right, previously,
his previous given name was Larry,
and I have decided to change it
to Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
And I take that dog.
The puppy formerly known as Larry.
Right, and I take LFPH to the vet,
and they're like, Larry?
And I say, no, it's Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
They're not gonna be like,
uh, says here on his documentation it's Larry, right?
Or do I need to like go to the fucking courthouse,
get a new social security card for my goddamn dog?
I thought it was just like my property.
Like if I call my table Jerry,
then I can change it to Jerry's Fiesta Party on the house,
my table.
I'm gonna throw this out.
There actually is a circumstance
in which you would have to go through some channels
to change your dog's name.
What the fuck?
If it is AKC registered,
if it is registered with the American Kennel Club
as a purebred dog,
then you have to register your dog.
If it's a competition dog?
Is that what you're saying?
No, if you breed it, our dog Nessie,
Nessie was registered with the AKC as Nessie Bell McElroy.
We would have had to contact them to change her name.
This makes me angry.
I think back to the pioneer days,
horses didn't have no documentation.
You know what I mean?
What about when all the dogs go to heaven,
don't you want St. Pete to have,
what if he doesn't have them?
Then they go to hell.
I don't have a Larry Fiesta Party on the house.
Can I break down actually Larry's Fiesta Party on the house?
On the house is a parenthetical.
I mean, you could just do it.
I mean, Fiesta Party is obviously problematic.
Because we're really just saying Larry Party Party.
This is my dog Lawrence Party Party.
Larry's Fiesta Party casual get together.
The dog.
The movie.
Did you see that movie?
Oh Christ.
It asks for hot dog party days.
I think we are Larry's Fiesta Parties.
I think we're pretty,
I have my heart set on it.
In any case, the first name is already taken.
With the AKC.
We actually already have Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
We have a champion Basset Hound
named Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
This fucking, the fucking commentators
at the Kennel Club show,
the annual Kennel Club show,
like ladies and gentlemen,
I know this is gonna get confusing,
but here comes the second Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
Another purebred Basset Hound.
It's a battle of the Larry's Fiesta Party on the house.
Somehow we all knew it would come down to this.
A hush falls over the crowd.
It all comes down to the heat of the genitals.
They both defecate at the same time.
It is perfect.
We may have a multiverse situation.
We may have a multiverse bleed.
It's perfect.
They've made eye contact from across the room.
Travis, you know about dogs and shit.
Is a perfect defecation a category
in the Westminster Kennel Club dog show America?
Only as a tiebreaker.
I've been researching extensively
to try to find some information about making swords.
And I found this page from anvilfire.com.
And they have sword myths slash fiction.
So let me hit you guys with some sword myths.
Yeah, what have I been getting wrong
about swords this whole time?
Is it actual slash fiction?
Because I feel like that's really appropriate with swords.
Swords myths and sword fiction.
The buster sword from Final Fantasy VII
and a samurai sword, they met one day.
He said, you looking really good, buster sword.
And then they clanged.
They clanged and clanged.
I'm gonna clang.
I'm gonna clang all over your sheath.
Blood does not make a superior quenchant.
This is an old myth.
Neither virgins or slaves have been used to test swords.
That is a children's story.
What?
Children's story.
That is my favorite children's story.
Get around kids.
Help me test the blades.
How many y'all fucked?
None of y'all?
Let me tell you.
You'd be good sword fodder.
You cannot chop a machine gun barrel in two
with a Japanese sword.
Modern myth.
No, I saw that on Mythbusters.
Myth busted.
Ancient steels were not superior to modern alloy steels.
Yeah, no shit.
Another modern myth.
It's cause our steels are genetically superior
in every way.
They've been modified and enhanced and chopped and screwed.
Here's where things go weirdly askew.
Atlantis was not in the Atlantic.
The story of Atlantis was based on rumors
of the demise of Minoan Island culture
in the Mediterranean by volcanic eruption.
The story was handed down by Egyptians to Plato
who turned the little truth into a myth.
Listen, animal fighter.
I'm not gonna tell you you're straying
from the path of sword myths,
but throw the word sword in there somewhere.
Yeah.
They sometimes had swords, somebody in there.
Atomantium is a fictional comic book element
without any basis in reality like kryptonite.
It's just another unobtainium.
JFK was not actually assassinated by a sword.
Like yeah, dog, like I know.
I know that one.
Swords are not good food.
Yeah, okay, thank you.
Clouds are not made of small white swords.
Like thanks, website.
Mythril, J-R-R token, is another myth-ical metal.
Myth is all caps.
Thank you.
Last one, you cannot, and this is the one
that I find very confusing on several levels.
You cannot cold forge a sword from a leaf spring.
Modern web myth slash parody.
What's the most hilarious parody on the web?
There's a guy who cold forges a sword in a leaf spring.
Everyone gets a real kick out of it.
I think that's a weird all Yankovic jam.
Does it say anything on there, Justin,
about whether or not steak knives are just little swords?
Are cocktail swords real swords?
True or false?
I feel like we all learned a lot about swords today.
Sword wisdom, sword wisdom.
Atomium is not a blade metal.
It is not intrinsically sharp or hard as recent TV
commercial for razor blades indicates.
There's more Hollywood hype and bad science
written by advertising executives
that know nothing about metallurgy.
Big corpos selling out.
Well, what are you gonna tell me next,
that adamantium's real?
Ugh.
Here we go.
Last question.
This one is edited by Charles Decker.
Thank you, Charles Decker.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Ive, who asks,
is Mr. Pringle still alive?
Why does my son make laser gun noises in the bathroom?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother made.
Kiss your dad.
Skool.
Air on the lips.
Okay, that was the show.
Hope you had some fun.
Talked for an hour and now our job is done.
Go back into the world.
Face the day ahead.
Please don't tell our grandparents
all the cuss words we said.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
