The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey, everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother made an advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your baby's brother, Griffin McElroy. This is a genuine
MBMBAM prank. This is a genuine MBMBAM prank that you're listening to. Welcome to a MBMBAM
prank. It's our brother, Travis. It's not a fake prank. It's a genuine prank. And we're
pranking genuine. I wish we're pranking our brother, Travis, because he left the show to
go get pizza. So what's the prank? It's not much of a prank. Travis, we got you. We already started
the show without you. That was a MBMBAM prank. First of its kind. The amount of show that you
miss will be reflected in your monthly MBMBAM paycheck. You're going to be docked for those
minutes. You could have told several jokes in there. I wouldn't have though. Now that the prank
is over, let's go behind the scenes. Travis didn't actually leave to go get pizza. That was just like
a staging, very elaborate staging that we did because we wanted to introduce some new heat into
the show. And Justin thought that this would be a good idea. I think it's a bad idea. To be fair,
I didn't think it was a good idea. The producers thought it would be a good idea. I kind of went
along with them. And they were just getting that feedback from all the focus groups and stuff that
we did. Who were like, well, there needs to be more pranks on the show. Travis, confirm or deny.
Are you going to be eating pizza while we record our smash hit comedy podcast? Is that the level?
Is that the level of respect to our readership for the written version of My Brother, My Brother
and Me that we released? The wildly unpopular written version of My Brother, My Brother. That
we released on the deep webs. I am just worried that if I wait till we're done recording, that's
an hour of cool off time for the pizza. And I think the people at home will understand that.
Well, I got I got a question, Dillard. Why did you order pizza when you knew that the
Chuckles were the Chuckles? Because I just got home. I mean, but like, it's not you knew that
this confluence of this pizza podcast crossover was was unavoidable. You knew it. You know,
Justin, I got to be honest with you. It didn't sneak up on me, but I was very short sighted.
I thought that the two would not coincide as deeply as they have. I didn't realize there would
be so much spillover into my professional life. So I feel like, you know, I have a lot to apologize
for. There's only one remedy, Travis. I'm going to take some time off to rebuild my relationship
with my family. I hope you respect my privacy in this trying time. And the trying time should last
about four and a half minutes. That's about how long it's going to take me to crush this.
Travis, I need you to stand up and throw that saw in the trash. I cannot do that.
No, it's as a symbolic gesture to our readership to show that you still fucking after 200,000
episodes that you still fucking respect the hour. Travis, we're talking about 200,000
human hours that these people are pouring into the sieve of our podcast. And you are you are
aiming that sieve into a dumpster unless you symbolically stand up and throw that you're
eating the pizza right now, aren't you? No, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm throwing it into
the garbage like my family. That is also what you call your stomach, though. So I don't think
that that counts. I hate your pizza so much. I'm going to turn it into poop.
Welcome to pizza break. Our new podcast where we talk about we order a za and then you listen
to us eat it for an hour. It is hot and delicious, too. This one is an
Asiago crust and I got it with like a white fresh fresh from Sicily chicken and it was well,
it was supposed to have spinach on it. They didn't do that from me. I didn't really want it.
The rolling verdant hills of Sicily. Travis had this fresh artisanal za coptered in.
Our listeners have spent one thousand eight hundred and twenty six years
listening to. Did you just map that out? Exaggeration cumulatively, nearly a millennia
of pleasure. Uh huh. Nearly two millennia. All leading up to this moment of pleasure.
When I can eat pizza in their ears. Is that somebody's ASMR trigger? Oh, it's got to be.
God knows it's not mine, though. I hope it's not thin crust. It's my S.A.D. trigger because it makes
me very sad. All right, I'll take a break from pizza. I'll save it for the money zone.
Uh, perfect. Sounds good. You always find that in anyway. So listen, this is as you've almost
certainly guessed, this is a comedy advice podcast where we that's Travis, by the way,
is our middle brother. We we take questions from you, the listening public and the readers
that we apparently have and we turn them out like into wisdom. So now let us let us away.
Um, hold on. I got to let the cat in. Sorry. Don't prank me, though, while I'm gone.
This is a my brother, my brother, me prank. Prank day two. Griffin is left to go bring his cat in.
And now Travis and I are taking over the show. What are we going to do? How do these pranks work?
I missed the first one. You put a whoopee cushion on his chair. OK, but he's but he's in Austin.
Call somebody. OK, get on Craigslist for Austin. Uh huh. Get on Austin Craigslist.
If anybody in Austin is listening to this show, go put a whoopee cushion on his chair.
I got I got him in on. Wait a minute. Wait, let me just sit down in my chair. Blart.
This is one of those special Paul Blart themed whoopee cush. Let's start this podcast. Over.
That would be the end. Welcome to my brother, my brother, me. Episode one in my neighborhood
outskirts of Pittsburgh. A lot of people own dogs but must not pick up after them because
there are turds everywhere. Once I even saw an owner let their dog drop a hot one
and then just continue on their way. I did not know what to say and I was scared of confronting
them. Is there a good way to confront someone if I catch them in the lack of act again?
That's from Dodging Doo Doo in Pittsburgh. I once saw somebody do that, like they their
dog just pooped in the middle of the sidewalk and they kept walking. Do you guys remember like
like, God, like a decade ago when every other time you left your house, you stepped in shit
like every like before before we came to our senses and we're like, we should we should really
be clean. It should like be a law or something that we just like, you know, handle it. And back
when we didn't handle it, literally 50 percent of the time you cross the threshold of your house.
So your first step out of the house was in shit because it was fucking it was Golgotha out there.
Was that the place? God knows that I'm awesome at biblical trivia. We've proven this time.
You've proven that going to all those biblical trivia nights at your local pub.
That's true. But at the time you insisted that Abraham was the father of Cain and Abel.
I did my best. I did my best. I did my very best.
OK, so judging by Obama's recently released Midnight Amendments, this is definitely in
violation. Come on down. Oh, this is definitely this is anti. Come on. This is come off.
I would say this. I have to. I have to. This might be a triple. This might be a triple threat.
I think it might. It might. It might be nice. And it's super not be cool. Yeah.
I would say it's in violation of the first two. But I got to admit, if I saw that happening
and I was definitely not going to be in the path of the the poo poo, there might be a part of me
that was kind of like nice. I only feel that way when I see like a like a big old bulldog
taking a crap. And that's that's hilarious. You see a bulldog taking a crap. And then about
20 to 25 paces behind that, you see a big Wall Street broker and a big fancy suit walk. And
you're like, oh, this is going to be yummy. He's going to get it on his wingtips. Oh, yeah. Shitty
wingtips. Come on. But what you don't know is that he is a broker, but he invests his money
so that he can give more to the charities he supports. And he yells that he steps in shit.
How can this happen to me? I'm a charitable stockbroker, man. You're that one percentage
has stepped in 99 percent of that dog. Why not 100 percent? Because he's avoided a microbe of it
because he's got his wingtips. So it doesn't have toe space that normally would have crushed the
rest here. I OK, this is I completely get where the question asker is coming from,
because this is one of those like. You would be hypothetically within your rights to say, like,
hey, pick up your dog shit. But at the same time, it's like they they their only response to that
is going to be, hey, fuck you and keep walking. I mean, really, you can't be like I think that
you are perfectly within your rights if it's like if it's your lawn or or maybe a lot of
a charitable organization or something. My dog only shits in the Ronald McDonald House lawn.
I don't understand why it is a highly laxative effect that that clown has on him. I just you
can't go around being like Earth police like people are going to do that. And maybe you
you know, you yell at this person, you make them feel bad. They don't do it. They go around the
corner. They'll do it somewhere else. That's how these criminals operate. Because if you really
care, read a Malcolm Gladwell book. That's true. If you care deeply about it, you can always just
like carry some bags around with yourself and like when your dog finish shitting, you just like
stoop right down and pick it up. I'm looking at them like, no, I got it. And no problem about it.
No problem. No, you you have the fun part with the dog where you like play fetch and run around
with them. And I'll just pick up the shit for the dog that I have zero percent interest in.
It's just like Gandhi said, be the change that you want to see in the world. But
be like kind of shitty and passive aggressive about it. Exactly. While you do it. Travis,
could you follow him after you clear the first shit? Can you just follow him like bag wrapped
around your hand? Just waiting. I just want to be here in case just in case I got your back.
I'm your support in this. We're going to do this together. We'll talk to you. Could we swing by
Whole Foods? I'm sympathetic to the dog owner in this situation because 100 percent of the time
I leave the house to buy groceries, just like one or two things. I always forget my bag.
Austin has a plastic bag band. I don't know if that's popping off in L.A. and Huntington yet.
And I never have a bag. And I always have to buy a new bag. But you can't buy a shit bag when
you're walking your dog on the street and you forgot your shitty bag. And like, what do you do
in that situation? I'm not going to touch it with my hands because I'm a fucking human being trying
to just like live my life in the world. Can you still get plastic garbage bags? Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. For like, yeah, for your trash can. Sure. Can you just carry one of those around with you,
like some sort of deranged Santa Claus? Can you imagine if you saw like a tiny little
while finished shitting and the person pulled out like just a giant trash bag,
put it over like their whole body to pick it up and then tied it off and just carried it with you?
That's a fucking funny image right there, you guys. All right. Train another dog to pick up
that dog's poop. That's what if you got horrified by it and stamped on it as soon as it came out,
like you thought it was alive when your dog shits on a lawn, just cordon off the lawn with police
tape. Yeah. Nothing to see here. Move along a little chalk outline. Do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes. This Yahoo was sent in by level eight hundred and sixty two shaman,
Drew Davenport. And yes, he leveled up this week because he fucking crushed it this week.
Thank you, Drew Davenport. This might be an all Drew episode. Spoilers.
Spy Yahoo answers user James, who asks, when a caterpillar is making a cocoon,
does it know it's going to become a butterfly or is it just like, what the fuck am I doing with my
life? Okay, wait, I'm confused by the question. What am I, what am I even doing right now?
Do they mean while it's making the cocoon, is it going, what the fuck is happening? Or do they
mean like the caterpillars going, I got nothing to do. I'm just going to stay inside my weird shell
thing. But see, that's the thing. It doesn't, it's never made a weird shell thing, right? They just
do that the one time, right? They can't switch between butterflies and caterpillars at will.
They're not fucking like lycanthropes. They, they, they just do it the one time. So they're
just like up in a tree. And then all of a sudden, like they, I imagine it is somewhat similar to
the first time that you discover ejaculate. And then that starts happening. And then all of a
sudden you're in it and you're like, wait a minute, what am I, what am I even doing right now? What is
this? It's all over me. It's got to be confusing as shit to be a caterpillar and be like, I was
supposed to hang out with Steve today. I went over to his place and there was just like a weird,
hangy shell thing. Yeah. I don't understand that. Wait, what am I doing with my butt right now?
What am I, what am I doing with my butt? What does this mean?
If you're a dad butterfly, you've got to be like, I don't know. It never happened to me.
Well, you must be like super sick or something. I've never seen.
We got to get to the bug. Or just say like, I'll see you in six years.
I've got to be in this thing for six years. Yeah. You'll probably die in there. Goodbye.
That shit's got to be crazy. Wouldn't it be great? Like just the very idea of that.
Like if, if human beings for the first like 30 years looked one way and then went to sleep for
like two years and they woke up and they were like birds and everybody was just like, yeah,
that's normal. That's just how it, that's what you do. We have the internet, right? Like the,
as soon as a silken thread emerges from the tip of my penis, I can very quickly be like, Siri,
what's coming out of my penis? What does it mean? What does it mean? What does it mean? She's like,
chill, chill, chill Griffin, chill, chill boss hog. Cause that's what I told Siri to call me.
Chill boss hog. It's going to be cool. You're cocooning and pretty soon you're going to come
out and this is what you're going to look like. And I'm going to go awesome. Caterpillars don't
got Siri. They don't. They just get up in a tree, silk and thread. And that's got to be so scary.
Is it possible we're giving the caterpillars too much credit that maybe like it starts coming out
and they just go, okay, I'm down. Whatever. Fuck it. I guess this is my day now. Sure. Caterpillars
really the most easygoing insect. I'm apparently the Matthew McConaughey of bugs. Yeah, cool.
Whatever. All right. You know, yesterday I tried, uh, I tried an Oakley for the first time. Today
I'm going to be trapped in a weird thing that came out of my butt. Sure. Whatever. I listened,
I listened to fusion jazz for the first time. I tried Cuban food. I did. Very spicy, but I liked
it. I did not hate it. So I'm down for the adventure. You know what I mean? Let's just
see what happens. Do you think I've never seen like a butterfly come out of a cocoon? Actually,
you know what? I think I have seen a video of a butterfly coming out of a cocoon and they fly
away. How the fuck does that happen? Explain that to me science. Cause it's not like you,
you get wrapped up in a cocoon. Silk comes out of your butt. You're wrapped up in a cocoon. And
then when the silk is done coming out of your butt, a caterpillar book comes out of your butt
that says how to fly. You want it to be more like greatest American hero. Like without the manual,
they're just flying around, slamming into trees or just fall. They just fall. Don't you think
statistically there has to have like at least once that a caterpillar went into a cocoon
and then the cocoon opened up and he was still a caterpillar and he was like, ah, damn it must be
such a bummer when you're find out you're a butterfly, you're flying around. That's great.
And then you're like, so what do I eat now? It turns out still leaves. I'm almost certain it's
like, uh, like, uh, like a juice or some sort of the juice of the flower. They like pollen and
dung and tree sap and rotting fruit and human beings, other butterflies. We don't know anything
about bugs or anything. I guess even bugologists are like butterflies, man. They're crazy. They're
crazy. I bet there's an entomologist listened to our show. I like really excited and then really
sad. I've been waiting for this butterfly moment this whole time. I thought they were talking
about something I care about. They had that one episode where they talked about the Ashton Kutcher
film butterfly effect. And I thought that was going to be my moment, but very little of that
discussion was based on the physiology of butterflies. Here we go. Time to buck up. I'm dead
now. I have a new feature for the show. Okay. I have a new feature I'm bringing to the show.
This is a haunted doll watch. Justin texted us at two in the morning with this idea that he was so
psyched about. I was so psyched about haunted doll watch. This is my feature that everybody can hate.
Haunted doll watch live for eBay. Just to set this up for you guys. I have a little bit of information
about haunted dolls. This is from Miss Lady on eBay. In an article titled what to expect from
your haunted doll. Hello, this is Miss Lady. Yes, I am a collector of paranormal items,
dolls in particular. I guess a part of me buys the items for curiosity to see what will happen.
Also to hope that there would be some particular activity to convince non-believers in my household
that these things exist. For whatever the reason to buy these items, there are some things to
consider. I've purchased a few dolls and notice these items some things do occur. First, I used
to buy my eyes from individuals who would sell many other haunted items. For most of these,
I've noticed no paranormal activity. Well, yeah, because I have encountered exactly zero haunted
items in my lifetime. There aren't people that just naturally come across 300 that they sell
on bulk on Amazon Prime. Be wary of the seller who has hundreds of haunted items. Let's be real.
Who could actually acquire all these things? Fuck me. Does that really say that in the next sentence?
Literally, the fucking singularity has occurred.
I hate to say it. You could purchase a doll and the item wasn't really haunted,
just the item next to it was. So okay, you get a doll, right?
You think you have a haunted doll and it turns out that the desk it was on was haunted the whole time.
The house was haunted. I hate to say it. You purchase the item that is haunted and
the spirit eventually leaves. Yes, it's happened to me. Why does she hate to say it? I hate to say
it. Sometimes the spirit leaves. My whole life is so shitty that a ghost in a doll pops into my house
is like, what's your seat? What is your this place sucks. Bye. Oh, Justin, my favorite line in it.
I like antique dolls because there are more chances of it having actually acquired that
energy because it is so old. That's true. Because it's bumped up against so many ghosts, I guess.
A new doll, you go to the Build-A-Bear workshop. That is a 100% no haunting guarantee. I would say
if you don't want to get a haunted toy for your child, Build-A-Bear workshop is the only game in
town where you will get that 100% guarantee because you see the manufacturing process
from start to finish. There are no ghosts. You pick the color, you pick the felt, you pick the
stuffing, you stuff it. It does depend on whether you put a toy heart or a human heart in it.
No, don't do the second one. And the box that says haunted, do you want this one haunted? We
can shoot it with a ghost ray. You check no on that, and you know for sure. But old doll, who
knows? It's Jumanji, baby. Also, don't check the box that says, do you want this doll to become
life-size when you're not around and take your kid on adventures? Don't do it. It seems like a good
idea at first. Seems like fun, but no. They're going to teach them about drugs. Justin, I demand
you buy a haunted doll, and I demand that you start reviewing haunted dolls on YouTube. Haunted doll,
okay, I have one haunted doll to talk to you guys about this week. This week's haunted doll
and haunted doll watch is listed under haunted spirits doll caution on EMF meter paranormal
magic with companion. I'm looking at a picture of a doll with an EMF meter next to it that says
caution. Now it's not danger, this creepy porcelain doll, but it is caution on the EMF meter.
Of course, it measures spirit energy. There's a spirit inside, but it may not try to kill your
kids is what you're saying. Yeah, it may be cool. Just in the description here to talk about this
particular spirit doll, apparently this question asker is getting a lot of flack about having a
doll that was a caution on the EMF meter. And this particular haunted doll owner writes,
I've been asked about spirit dolls that are listed as danger. Madam Christine never, underlined,
adopted a spirit that was demonic. She would never expose her other spirit vessels to that.
She had a way of knowing if there were trouble and she would not bring them into her home.
All of the dolls, et cetera, that are sold by me are of the white light and they will never hurt
all of themselves. They get along with other spirit children. And if they are labeled danger
by Madam Christine's notes, that is because they were little troublemakers of some sort
or downright brats. Most spirit dolls are safe, but there are a few that were considered caution
or danger, but not dangerous. So these are like your super chill, like totally lax, like a haunted
doll. Not like your Chuckies. These aren't like serial killers. These are the ones that like,
maybe they just are going to like hang out with you and say like witty things, I guess.
Yes. As long as you're of the white light, this, this, this child is going to get along with you
just fine. And you could buy it now for $125 or make a bid at $55. You would be the first.
Okay.
What scenario could there be a haunted doll that is not scary?
If my Admiral Ackbar action figure-
Only if he's haunted by Admiral Ackbar.
If my Admiral Ackbar action figure got haunted by anything, I would, I would find it amusing.
Not scary. I would actually love that.
You could buy a haunted clown doll right now.
I can.
No problem.
But I won't.
Buy a haunted clown doll right now for $29.
I don't use-
Looks like a sad clown.
That is a steal, by which I mean, they are stealing your money.
Okay. One super quick, I'm almost done here. Last doll on Haunted Doll Watch this week.
Evil Possessed Haunted Demonic Clown Doll Vessel, $29. Buy it now.
12 people are watching it. They're keeping their finger
here on the paws and like, if this thing doesn't go above 50, I am taking it.
Evil, pure evil.
Let me act, let me act.
The spirit vessel used to be friendly with an Eeyore the Donkey like personality,
but one say something changed.
I believe a demonic entity killed or overpowered the old spirit or took it hostage
and now dominates the vessel.
I'm too afraid to keep it in the house anymore.
The evil spirit told me his name is Ernie.
I'm not convinced that it's his true name.
I have terrible nightmares of him coming at me with an ax.
It's all Ernie's doing.
So buy it.
Do you want this?
It's $29.
I'll take $30.
It is looking for a soul.
You can attempt to ask the spirit questions and desires
or wishes by writing a message and putting it in the cavity of the missing foot.
It will answer you.
Be aware.
It will want something in return.
What is going on?
And there are 12 people in the world that saw this and said,
I'm going to keep an eye on this.
Yeah, can't let that one slip away.
Can't let this evil doll slip away.
Oh, Jesus, please.
That's been our hot dog.
And you can buy it now if you want to just skip.
Just buy it now.
You don't need to watch it.
Just buy it now.
Justin, you want to read a question now that you've spooked?
I'm spooked out right now.
Don't be spooked.
My boyfriend doesn't eat cheese.
Not even on his pizza.
He is not lactose intolerant or allergic.
He just doesn't eat it.
Needless to say,
mealtime in our household can be quite difficult.
How do I get him in the embrace of the wonderful food that is cheese?
That's for cheese, please.
In Pittsburgh again, two Pittsburghians.
The one thing you don't say,
like, is it like,
I think the idea of cheese is gross or is it like,
I don't like the taste of cheese.
I don't like,
what is it that's driving this dude away from cheese?
I can sympathize here because I'm very,
for me, I'm very weird about cheese.
I don't eat uncooked cheese.
I can't eat raw cheese.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, the fuck?
What?
You mean like,
non-melted cheese is the only,
cheese has two states,
melted and not melted, or milk.
That's what I mean.
Not cooked cheese is milk.
No, I mean, I can't cook unmelted,
I can't eat unmelted cheese.
What a weird hangup that you have, Justin.
It yaks me out.
It yaks me out, I like it melty and stringy and cheesy,
but when I bite into like,
when people eat cheese cubes like that,
I just want to yarts all over it.
What goes through your head
when you see just like a slice of cheese on a plate?
I'd like to drink that.
That's what goes through his head.
I want that, but more drinkable.
If only it was less al dente.
Yeah, it's too al dente.
I don't know, it's just something about the texture
of unmelted cheese that just grosses me out.
I don't, I can't get down with it.
And if he feels that way about universal cheese,
I am sympathized.
I can't sit here and crochet.
Is it maybe something where Sidney needs to like,
hide some in like pieces of bread
until you get used to the idea of it?
Maybe put some in like applesauce for you?
Why is it so cold and not melted?
That's my thing about it.
Because it's cheese, Justin.
It's cheese, Justin.
This is what I'll say.
Maybe you just let your boyfriend listen to my plight.
Because I am like lactose intolerant.
I eat cheese and like, that's my night.
I plan my nights around like, I want to get my cheese on.
But that means I'm going to be sleeping.
Definitely clear my schedule.
But I'm sleeping in the guest bedroom tonight.
I talked about this with my friends last night
and they laughed at me.
But I thought it was actually a pretty clever piece of,
just a real stroke of genius, a real master stroke.
Where if I do eat something like
my wife's delicious turkey chili
and like I know that I'm gonna have just farts all night,
then I'll sleep in the guest bedroom.
I'll just sleep in the guest bedroom
and that way I don't keep her up.
I don't have to worry about the things that I do.
It's like my little chamber of secrets.
When I accidentally,
I still try to keep that mystery alive
after some 10 years of being together.
When I accidentally toot in front of my wife,
I just kind of freeze like a wild animal
who's been caught in hell.
Oh yeah, no, I get that.
And hope that she didn't notice
or more accurately isn't gonna draw attention to it.
That's what I do when my wife
accidentally sees me eating anything.
I stop mid bite until she looks away.
She must not know.
The information of what I look like when I eat
must be kept from her
because I want her to continue to love me and be attracted.
And you do it so quickly.
Yeah, you really need like one of those high-speed cameras
to capture Travis actually eating anything.
Exactly.
What I'm saying though is that when I eat cheese,
I'm making a tremendous personal sacrifice
to get that good, good cheese taste in my mouth.
And the fact that your boyfriend doesn't have my
dietary weakness
and still chooses to squander the gift
that God gave him of a normal stomach,
it makes me sick.
It makes me as sick as a healthy hunk of Gouda would.
You sicken me, sir.
One good way would be to like make a soup, you know?
Like a soup with some shredded cheese in it
and then mix it all up.
She's in it.
Justin, I don't think that she just needs to trick him.
She needs to get him to take a bite of cheese
and then from that point on, he must always eat cheese.
Yeah, I think that's a matter of like,
she wants to just eat cheese.
But maybe if you did it that way,
it's like you ease him into the cheese.
Like you just had secret cheese
and now maybe it's time for you to come out of the cold.
I will say there is something to that
because for a long time, Teresa wouldn't eat eggs.
So it's like, oh, eggs are disgusting.
I do not like eggs.
And then I just kept making them for breakfast,
like for myself, and eventually she was like running late.
She's like, okay, let me, you know, make me an egg.
And now like we eat eggs all the time.
Like she just kind of like became inoculated
to the things she did not like.
That was a really good story.
I like the part in the middle.
Where she started to like eggs again.
The rising action.
She says, no, it stops here.
Brothers, guess what's on my balls.
Travis, you first.
Guess what's on my balls.
Man, I hope it's underpants.
It's underpants.
Oh, what kind.
Griffin for three bonus points.
What's on my balls?
More like boners points.
Okay, thank you, Travis.
You've been eliminated from the game.
Griffin, what's on my balls?
Can I be eliminated from the podcast?
Can I go be on a different podcast for a while?
Well, you're both out of time, unfortunately.
The answer was me undies.
I just need a break.
An official sponsor from my brother, my brother, me,
that is on my balls, but also my butt.
I need some space and I want you to respect
this space that I've requested.
Like the space between your balls and butt
that me undies is also on.
Don't call me.
Me undies, I will call you when I tell you
that I'm ready to jump back in.
Me undies is the most comfortable underwear
you will ever wear.
I thought that was a lie until I started wearing them.
And now I can't wear anything else.
And I don't have enough pairs for that to be hygienic,
but I keep on keeping on because I'm a man of principle.
This is a grungy episode so far.
Grungy is the episode yet.
It's a little raunchy, I think.
They're really, really comfortable.
I, my wife Sydney just got, because they're advertising
on top of this as well, our medical history podcast.
She has tried the ladies underwear too.
She was crazy about them.
They're insanely comfortable.
They're environmentally friendly too.
They use sustainable materials from the Austrian Alps,
no less, which uses a CO2 neutral process
with a little carbon footprint.
They are a great deal too for the quality.
This kind of quality would normally cost you twice as much
as me undies, but there's no retail middleman.
They go directly from the underwear makers to your butt.
I've seen some people ask, is it, yes,
it's more expensive than a 90 pack of underpants
that you buy at like fucking Costco.
Yeah, it's gonna cost you more.
But listen, it's 2015, it's 2015,
and it's time for you to invest in the things
that really matter.
Sometimes you think about something that's more expensive
and you don't see the increase, like the quality increase.
This you do, hands down.
I would pay twice as much as I would for me undies.
I literally, when my me undies are at the top
of the underwear stack, I get a little bit excited.
I get kind of peppy.
I'm like, this is gonna be a good day.
I'm gonna be riding in style.
So you can get these even cheaper though
than they normally are.
Steal them from Justin.
Steal them from me.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother,
and you're gonna get 20% off your first order
and also free shipping.
Again, 20% off.
They're guaranteed you're gonna like them
or your first pair is free.
Put them on your butt.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother.
Guys, before we move on to the next sponsor,
will this be the time that we get
our first advertiser complaint?
Will this be, I feel like we keep pushing it
and we haven't hit that wall yet.
We've never had an advertiser.
I want you to know Justin, all I can picture
is as we're doing it, there's like a me undies executive
behind the glass in our recording booth,
and he's got like a cigar bit down in his teeth
and he's just thumbs up and shaking.
Thumbs up.
All right, put them on your balls.
Yeah, I love it.
The balls talk.
I love the balls.
Boys, boys, keep talking about your balls.
It's golden.
It's golden.
That's good radio, baby.
Ball stuff.
This is the bread we're proud to be associated with.
You're getting this, right?
You're getting this.
You're getting, you're rolling, right?
This is not just, you're not just checking
the test and the levels out, are you?
They're talking about their balls and you're missing it.
Henry, you're missing it.
This is art.
You're leaving money on the table.
They're talking about their gooch.
Oh, the ones that something about boners.
This is primo stuff.
He just gets his wallet out and starts throwing hundreds at us.
Can we turn this into an audio billboard?
Is that a thing?
Can we invent those for this moment?
It's just this man standing on a billboard yelling,
guys are talking about their gooch.
You're missing it.
Somebody get me an ice cream van without speakers.
I'm going to play this through the speakers
and drive around town.
This week, MeUndies is sponsored by my brother,
my brother and me.
You gotta listen to this podcast.
They're geniuses, these guys.
Did you get to the boner's bit?
Yes, dad.
Yes, we listened to it.
Did you, but what he says, the boners?
Yeah, yeah.
Steven M. Undies.
Get in here and listen to this episode right now, dad.
Dad.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
We have another spot and we're going to take this one.
We're going to be very serious about it
because you know why?
Cooking and eating is serious business
because if you do it wrong, you could,
you could burn your house down.
You could eat something yucky.
True.
If you fuck up this process,
you could be in dire straits, my friends.
But that is not going to happen
with our next sponsor, Blue Apron.
I'm going to just go off the reservation here,
tell you guys about Blue Apron
because I got a box of Blue Apron this week
and it came with three different meals.
This is a service where they're going to send
the components of three recipes in a box.
In addition to the actual recipe card
that tells you how to make the thing.
And it comes with everything you need to actually cook it.
It's all in the box.
The meat is refrigerated.
It's all like reasonably healthy stuff.
I got three meals this week.
I got a sort of a Mexican casserole,
a pistachio crested catfish
and a sort of chicken coconut milk stew.
Damn.
All three of which were absolutely delicious.
And it's like cooking,
but without all the really boring stuff.
And here's the thing,
like Teresa and I received the same stuff.
For $9.99 a meal, right?
You get these meals.
Like the Mexican casserole has lasted for like a week.
Like it's so much food for $9.99.
Like for that price, it's a ridiculous.
And it's all so good and like hearty and filling.
It's wonderful.
And relatively low calories.
So 500 to 700 calories per serving for like dinner.
That ain't bad.
And brought right to your door.
Like you don't have to,
you know when you want to make a meal
and you have to like hunt through the supermarket
to find all the different ingredients.
And like sometimes you just need like a teaspoon of salt
and you got to buy a whole thing.
Like, no, this takes out all of that shit.
Comes right to your door.
It's everything you need.
I'm trying to eat healthier in the new year
and a big hiccup for that is ordering food or eating out.
Because you're always going to eat a lot more calories
than you think when you're eating out.
And this just takes off the hardest part,
which is when do I find time to go to the store
to buy the ingredients and everything.
This, it's all done for you.
You just get to do the fun part,
which is cooking it and also eating it.
And right now, if you go to blueapron.com slash my brother,
you'll get two free meals.
Like that's an amazing deal.
Like two free meals.
Why aren't you already doing this and checking it out?
Yeah, check it out.
Send us pictures of what you cook so I can get hungry
and eat it and come to your house and sell your food.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blueapron.com slash my brother.
I have a message for Mr. Dan Bailey Yavondit.
You guys think I crossed that last name or?
Yes, I do.
I think you did.
Mr. Dan Bailey Yavondit or Yavondite?
Okay, second time wasn't as good.
And it's from Frankenkitty, who says,
Hey, DBY.
Thank you, Frankenkitty, for that kindness.
Hey, DBY.
Remember that time you and I repeatedly tripped
that feeble-minded blue dragon until it died?
It was like a D&D schoolboy.
Happy birthday.
All right.
Is this a drugs thing?
Is this a drugs thing?
I'm tripping on that feeble-minded blue dragon.
That could be like a strain of kush.
Like they get pretty clever with those names.
Maybe it's like ropey vapor.
It's a ropey blue strain, and we're gonna call it
feeble-minded blue dragon.
Smoke it.
Happy birthday.
Smoke it, toke it, roll it up and poke it, baby.
Roll it up and what now?
Roll it up and poke it.
This is a primo strain.
Thank you very much.
Happy birthday, DBY.
Happy birthday.
This primo message is for Pat.
Did I use that correctly?
And it's from the primo Alex.
Yeah?
Are you making fun of me?
No, not at all.
Happy two-year anniversary to my ruggedly handsome,
super-duper strong, incredibly intelligent boyfriend, Pat.
You are the only person who makes me laugh
more than the macrobe does.
I don't like that.
What the fuck?
And that is how I know I love you.
I hope this embarrasses you just the right amount.
Love, Alex.
Not too much, not too little.
Just the right amount.
Just the right amount.
I feel-
Do you really have to get on our show
and throw around your money to insult us?
I would like to see Pat come here and talk about butts
and boners and taints and pizza.
Hey, Pat, why don't you come into our house
and talk that shit?
Pat, you bringing the heat?
Because we'll step.
We'll step.
We'll go outside and we'll make jokes at each other
until one of us falls down.
I hope the next episode has a sponsored message
where somebody just sends us a list of people
that they think are funnier than we are.
I hope the next episode is you guys and Pat and I'm out.
This message is from Jake
and it was sent in by David
and it says,
all the Wayans brothers.
That's it?
That's it.
They're the only-
That's it, all the Wayans brothers.
And fucking Pat, apparently.
Mr. Jerks on Pat.
If it's Pat and Oswald, then yes.
Yeah, that's fine.
Happy anniversary, Patrick Duffy.
Patrick Duffy.
There's a lot of Patricks funnier than us.
A lot of Patricks funnier than us.
Oh, well.
Win some, you lose some.
Happy anniversary, Alex and Pat.
Hey, this is Pop Rocket.
We're your source for all pop culture information.
It's an intellectual and incredibly snark-filled discussion
about pop culture by five cranky Hollywood 30-somethings.
No name calling, no rudeness,
just straight talk and a lot of role play.
I'm only 30-something for another year.
Me too.
And I don't tell anybody I'm 30-something.
Pop Rocket comes out every week from MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes, I guess.
I guess.
I do.
Sorry.
This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
The best, the best, the best around.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They got suspended.
They did a bad word.
When they existed, when they lived.
And let's honor their memory by talking about their question
and answering it, providing them some relief.
They asked, poll, who is the sexiest green guy?
Because I am bored.
Check this fucking dope answer out.
And this is their own answer.
Enzo Matrix from Reboot for me.
Size, hunky, you, open to men as well.
Well, yeah.
You can't, you can't.
All right, just try and fucking bar me from this conversation.
They have to mean the adult Enzo, right?
Not like little kid.
This is Enzo when he goes off into the-
Oh yeah, when he gets lost in the internet and he comes back
and he looks fucking awesome.
He looks like Solid Snake, but green and fucking hunky as fuck.
The first person that getting lost in the internet
has ever helped, ever.
Yeah.
He got lost in the internet and got real fit.
I think he lost an eye though, which is like, yeah,
that'll happen.
I think he did.
And I'm really mad at myself because I could not remember
what the main dude in Reboot was named.
I think his name was Jeff Reboot.
Jeff Reboot.
Jeff Reboot.
Jeff Reboot.
Well, time for a Google break.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, of course.
Bob.
That's a fucking good answer.
It is very rare that Game Recognized Game on Yahoo answers.
By Game Recognized, God, I wish I knew this person's name.
I wish they had not been suspended.
What about Roger Klotz?
That's pretty good.
He's a bad boy, but you could tell he had a good heart.
And a fucking smoking body.
In the later years, there was like a Doug, the new class,
but it was the same class.
They were just older, so kind of a dumb name for the show.
But Klotz is looking good.
He was doing lots of fucking reps at the gym
and his body looked really good.
Yeah.
I'm trying to think of other green people.
Trek.
I know he's not everybody's style,
but he's really funny.
He's made me laugh a lot harder than...
Put him on the list above, I think, even the way...
Not a top-notch butt.
No, the butt's not great.
It's just because it's not rendered especially well.
Great work, dream works.
But I will say that the stink would be bad
because he's a swamp monster.
Is the Jolly Green Giant out?
Maybe if you're into Vore, it's a pretty sweet way to go.
What are you fucking talking about?
Start over.
The Jolly Green Giant.
I got that part.
I heard the name, Travis.
Is he out?
How does he Vore anybody?
He doesn't walk around fucking-
Because he's giant.
He's giant and he eats people for eating his children.
You understand-
Ho, ho, ho.
You ate my children, now I'll eat you.
That's not what he does.
I think I remember that commercial, Griffin.
Also, if you knew anything about Vore,
if you ever fucking...
I listen...
Oh God, I listen to Bunker Buddies all the time.
You've never listened to a single fucking episode of BigGolf,
or else you'd understand-
I can't find it.
Or else you'd understand...
I've sent you the fucking deep web links.
You would understand that when a giant swallows something,
like a giant, giant...
Like Gulliver's Travels swallows a person,
it's not good Vore because you don't get squished down in there.
It needs to be a little bit bigger than a human swallowing a human,
and they get bulked up and you can see the fucking impressions
of their body inside the body.
You don't know fucking anything.
I don't wanna talk about Vore anymore.
Repeat the question.
Let's start...
Let's take it back to the beginning
because I want a concrete answer.
Poll, who's the sexiest green guy?
Are there answers?
Are there any answers?
Yeah, the Jolly Green Giant is on here,
but apparently you struck him from the list
because he walks around fucking murdering people by swallowing them
and dissolving them in his giant green stomach acid.
He's too big.
I can't imagine making love to him for he is far too large.
Can I hit you guys with this?
How does Gumby grab you?
Gumby's...
Yeah.
Because you can do whatever you want.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like that.
That's a solid answer.
I put him in top five.
His body's not like great.
He's a little bit better than Shrek, I guess,
but you could mold some six pack onto him.
That's what I'm saying.
Or just carve it in.
He's just like rubber.
I don't think he'd love that.
The Incredible Hulk is on this.
He's got anger issues.
He doesn't have a good personality.
Are we talking about like,
who do you wanna just like make love to
or like who could you see yourself with?
It's sexiest.
So I think it's just like an erotic thing.
Okay.
Then I'll give you a Hulk,
especially like newer Hulk.
That old Hulk had a very like square face.
I wasn't into that.
Eric Bana,
Ruffalo Buffalo,
or Ed Norton.
It's Ruffalo Buffalo.
See, I'd go Bixbo.
He's got that rugged 1970s sexuality
that really works for me.
Well, that's a good point.
Or Farigna.
Yeah, Farigna.
You could fucking bounce a dime off Farigna.
God damn.
Any part of him.
He does not like it,
but you can do it.
Quit throwing dimes at Lou Farigna.
Confuses him.
I bet that the Grinch post-conversion
would be a very giving lover.
Oh, he's got so much to give, you know?
And he's a little bit shy
because he's never really done this before.
Listen, his heart wasn't the only thing
that grew three sides.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Also, his hoopiness.
I'm not even trying.
That was funny.
Let's just say I've got a 39 and a half foot pole
that I would touch him with.
This is a dumb podcast.
One of these motherfuckers
said Captain Planet.
Stop, stop.
He's blue, you dumb idiot.
He's kind of like an aquamarine.
He's like a teal.
Yeah, maybe if you had like a busted
old shitty television
that couldn't get colors right, idiot.
Are there any green women?
All these are dudes.
Oh, the green M&M.
Ding dong.
The bit is dead.
What times are acceptable for text messaging
a friend or family member?
This is a good question.
Yeah, it is.
I would say it's an important question
for this trio of people.
I wouldn't think of calling someone
during traditional sleepy hours.
I find myself sending text messages
regardless of the time of day or night.
No one complains,
but wonder if I should restrict my texting
in the same hours.
I restrict my non-emergency phone calls.
That's from Terrible Textor in...
That's Minnesota, you stupid dummy.
Okay, let me start off by asking this.
What are the approved hours for phone calls?
Is it like nine to nine?
Okay, so I think if you don't know the person
before nine o'clock is okay.
I think if it's a family member
before 11 o'clock is okay.
What do you mean PM?
This is my fault.
This is my fault.
My anger issues towards the two of you,
mostly Justin because Travis,
you're way behind us now.
I'm in bed at 10.30.
I'm in bed at 10.30
because I need nine hours to be trying to sleep
because I can usually only squeeze
about eight good ones out of it.
Out of a nine hour block,
I usually lose an hour to tossing and turning
and pee breaks.
I'm trying to remember words to songs.
Yep.
That's what always gets me.
Justin, when you text me after 11
to tell me that you're really into haunted dolls now.
But Griffin, that couldn't wait till morning.
That's information you need to know now
in order to complete your night sleep.
I would have sent it to you another time,
but I was drunk then.
Wait, so Griffin,
do you not silence your cell phone
when you go to bed?
Travis, that wakes me up.
Okay, hold on one second.
I sent that text to you at 12.05 local
on a Saturday,
which is 11.05 p.m. on a Saturday night for you.
How old are you?
Seriously.
I'm 27 years old.
That doesn't change what my fucking body wants
and what my body needs,
which is nine hours of sleep to get-
11 o'clock on a Saturday?
I had also been drinking all day,
especially hard after my goddamn Packers shit the bed.
Put two good turds right there in the bed.
Good work, Packers.
Good work, Bostick.
Great job, Packers.
Packers Super Bowl-
Is that on Saturday?
No, it was Sunday, wasn't it?
What was I doing Saturday?
Apparently going to bed before fucking the news,
like a pep hall.
I wake up at seven in the morning,
regardless of what day it is,
and I start working
because I'm on that Malcolm Gladwell outlier shit.
I'm trying to get 10,000 hours in
of a few activities before I shuffle off this mortal coil,
and in order to do that, I get a jumpstart
because that's when my brain is fucking firing,
firing on all cylinders.
You text me at 11 o'clock,
my next day is all about that text.
You also didn't respond to the text until like 1.50 the next day.
Yeah, because I was unconscious.
He needed to take in the information
and really mull it over before texting back.
I needed to stop hating you,
and it took me 13 hours to get there.
Okay, fine.
So I will also say that Travis is the worst.
Well, I'm three hours behind you guys,
and I'm still getting used to the fact
that if I text you at nine, it's midnight your time.
Yeah.
But you get incensed when we text you
when it's seven o'clock your time.
Well, because that's my time.
You know what I mean?
That affects me negatively,
not the other way around.
Dad is also very bad.
Dad, of all the three of us,
Dad doesn't give a fuck.
Dad will text you at four o'clock in the morning
to ask you if you remember who that guy was
on that one episode of Doctor Who.
I can be on stage on inauguration day
being sworn in as president,
and Dad's like,
hey, yo, what's up?
You watch Arrow?
Like, no, I don't.
I never watched Arrow.
He at least, he's gotten better
because he used to just text like,
call me ASAP.
And then you'd call him and go,
what was that movie?
What happened?
Who's dead?
Yo, did you watch Arrow?
He at least not just text the question.
Arrow last night was sick.
Our dad has done morning shifts in radio
for like three decades.
So he always wakes up at about 4, 4.30.
So by like 6.30 AM,
Dad's day is in full swing.
And for Travis,
that's 3.30 in the fucking morning.
For me, it is still 6.30,
which is still crazy.
Just like-
I look forward to the day
when the text message just appears in my dream
and it's just like,
we have to get away from these zombies.
Also, who was that guy in Doctor Who?
Ask your dad.
Just, I just play it safe.
After 10 AM Pacific time.
So after 1 PM Eastern time
to like 9.30 PM Eastern time.
Those are the texting hours.
You get eight and a half hours
to get your texts off.
So make them fucking count.
Cause afterwards it's dead.
If anybody listening can make iPhone
or make apps,
make an app that automatically
you set the time when it starts and stops.
It just like holds all incoming texts
messages and phone calls until it ends.
I think they have that.
You're welcome.
I think they have that though.
I think they have do not disturb times,
but it only passes through
if they like text 911 or something like that.
But I'll still get a 911 text about Arrow.
You've been listening to our comedy advice podcast.
We're brother, my brother and me.
We hope you've had a lot of fun here today.
I hope you learned something.
I hope you grew as a person.
A few little housekeeping things.
We put our live shows on sale on Friday,
I guess, right?
Friday at noon, central standard time.
They sold out.
Two of the shows were sold out.
Our Chicago show has sold out.
It sold out about six minutes.
So don't feel bad if you didn't get tickets.
We are trying to figure out a way
to like get some more tickets available
because we know there's a lot of people
in Chicago that want to come.
So we're trying to do something
to alleviate that problem for you.
But you should keep it tuned to our Twitter and our Facebook.
If we do come up with some sort of solution for this issue,
we try to give you as much heads up as possible.
We're being broad because we don't know what it is yet.
If we had something to announce, I swear we would.
It sucks.
Like we're going to figure something out.
It's just we don't know what it is yet.
So please stay tuned.
And I'll say this, if we do something,
figure something out before we record again,
before we can announce it on the show,
if you bought tickets to one of the shows
and we managed to get extra tickets on sale in Chicago,
please, if you already have tickets to another show,
please don't buy them.
I know that's shitty to ask you
not to support us or whatever.
But the idea of us doing shows this year
and trying to do a bunch of live shows
all across the country this year
is that we want to get out
and see people that we haven't seen before
or that we haven't seen since 2008 or something.
So please, that was before we did the podcast,
but you know what I mean?
Please just stick to the one, I think.
That's Griffin's perspective.
My perspective is I don't give a shit, man.
Emily still spends a lot of money.
We do want to say thank you to everyone in Chicago.
That's a ridiculous amount of support.
That's fucking insane, yeah.
And seeing everybody go,
please, I must see the show, do something.
We are listening and we are trying.
We're trying.
We're trying to do something.
Listen to the other Max Fun shows.
We each, I mean, we have some extra ones
if you like to listen to our dumb voices.
Travis has Bunker Buddies, like he does with Andy.
Justin has Sawbones, like he does with Sydney.
We all do The Adventure Zone with our dad.
Episode five for that dropped last week.
Did we tweet, by the way,
that this episode was gonna be a day late
because of the holiday?
I think they'll figure it out.
Yeah, I hope so.
When it comes up.
No one's complained about it yet,
so I'm thinking that they must realize
that with being on holiday here in the US.
Okay, well, there's a lot of really good
Max Fun shows to go listen to.
There's a new one, Pop Rocket.
It's a show about all things pop cultural.
You can find that on Maximum Fun.
It's really funny.
I listened to the pilot episode last week.
Yeah, it's really good.
I also, I did a guest spot on a non-Max Fun podcast
called The K.O. with Kurt Braunohler, K-O-H-L-E.
It's on The Nerdist.
And it's a multi-format podcast
where sometimes they talk about their pets
and sometimes they talk about boats.
But on this episode, it was a format called Get Lost
where he blindfolded me and drove me through LA
and took me to a really cool location
and interviewed me on the way there.
It's coming out the same day that this comes out,
so go check that out.
I'll post a link to it on Twitter
and in the Facebook group.
You listened to that show and researched shit
before you agreed to get kidnapped, right?
Correct.
I actually am a really huge fan of the show
and I was really happy to be on it.
So if you're looking for a show to listen to,
The K.O. it's really great.
Is that it?
Send in some questions, please,
for the live shows that we're doing
in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you're gonna be at either of those shows,
we're doing LA February 6th
and San Francisco February 7th.
I think they might be both sold out.
Are there still tickets available for Sketch Fest?
No, they're both sold out.
They're both sold out.
Sorry, guys.
This is the first time we'll ever do
like back-to-back days of shows, really.
So we need a bunch of questions.
So just send us all the good questions you can.
If you're going to the LA show,
we kind of have to do a change of plans.
Justin, you wanna talk about it?
Yeah.
So we were supposed to have Sawbones opening that show
and Sawbones is of course me and my wife, Sydney,
but is also in some ways my baby
who we did a little bit of traveling
during the Christmas holidays
and she did not do so hot with it.
But apparently babies are really into routine and stuff.
So as a result, we're gonna have to,
Sawbones is gonna have to bow out of the shows in LA,
or the show in LA.
So that is, that bums us out heavily
and we are very sorry, but...
That doesn't mean you're gonna get less podcasts.
Let's see, how can we be vague about this?
There will be two podcasts there.
Mabim Bam will be one of them.
The other podcast, special guest surprise podcast.
Premier, a world premiere episode.
Well, a live show premiere of a special guest podcast
that you will only get to catch if you're in LA.
Yes.
So we're very excited to be partnering up with them.
I think it's a relationship that we've been building
for a long time and I think you're-
And we're sorry about Sawbones.
I know that's hard to swallow,
but I think that this new addition is gonna be great too.
Yeah.
We also wanna say thanks again to MeUndies
for supporting the podcast.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother
and get 20% off your first order.
And right now you'll get free shipping.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Also, thanks again to Blue Apron,
who makes cooking at home easy.
You can get your first two meals free
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
Go yummy down.
Also, big thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
They won't send you free food or cheap undies,
but they will give you good, good tunes.
Oh, before I forget,
if you've been wanting to listen to The Adventure Zone,
but you don't have iTunes or you can't find it anywhere,
we made videos of all five episodes so far
and put them on our YouTube channel.
So go to youtube.com slash M-B-M-B-A-M
and all five episodes are there.
You can listen to them or share them with friends.
We also have like a ton of fun videos there,
including like animated shorts
that Tyler Crowley did for us and they're incredible.
So go check those out and subscribe to our YouTube.
And if you're not already,
become a subscriber on iTunes and rate and review
and all that stuff and we appreciate it.
Thank you.
One more question.
Yeah, I thought we'd just like do the thing
that we've done 234 times already.
Okay.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
All Drew episode.
Been a while.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Brie Bella and Nick
who asks a shared account.
They can't be trusted individually
with the responsibility of handling their own accounts.
There's a dual account.
Brie and Nick ask
question about the TV show Small Wonder.
Was Vicky a doll with someone doing her voice
or was she a real human?
I'm Justin McRoy.
I'm Travis McRoy.
She was a haunted doll.
Haunted doll watch.
It's the best new bit.
All my brother and my brother and me
catch it every Monday.
I'm Griffin McRoy.
It's been a little bit of weather.
My brother and me kiss your dad.
Sway on the lips.
Maximum fun.org
comedy and culture artist owned
listener supported.
Hello, buddies.
I'm Travis McRoy.
And I'm Andy Bolt.
And we're the host of Bunker Buddies.
We're a podcast where we're amateur survivalists
and we talk about things like the apocalypse.
And we talk about zombies and preparedness.
What are you gonna wear when it's the apocalypse?
And you have no idea if you don't listen to our show.
It comes out every Wednesdays on Maximumfun.org
and on iTunes.
Sometimes we try weird foods
or we talk about where to camp
or how to avoid getting eaten
or any of these things.
Yeah, so listen to us
because it might just save your life.
We'll see you in the bunker.
Bye.
