The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, this is My Brother, My Brother, and Me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
This week we are protesting SOPA and PIPA, which are two beats of legislation
that, if passed, could kill the internet forever. Just dead as it could be.
So this week, in protest of SOPA and PIPA, we have removed, we've blacked out,
if you will, the comedy from this week's episode.
Let me give you guys an example of what we're talking about.
Guys, why are we protesting the Spanish word for soup?
See, that joke wasn't very funny.
And that's the kind of joke, non-joke, you're going to expect this week.
It's public domain jokes.
It's a public domain freeware joke.
This is the one I came up with.
Okay. I don't know what the big deal is. Without SOPA, how am I supposed to wash up?
See, that's a very open source, free share, share to play,
microtransaction joke that we are expecting to populate the entirety of this SOPA special edition.
We can also use jokes that have entered the public domain
simply by their sheer age being over and including 75 years old.
So Griffin, if I were to say to you, why did the chicken cross SOPA?
I don't know, Justin, why?
Betty Grable!
That is an example of an old joke that I can use this week.
Okay. I'm getting this just in. SOPA was apparently defeated this week.
We did it.
We did it.
You're welcome.
I'm really proud of everybody.
It's a proud share moment here on My Brother and My Brother and Me.
I'm your oldest brother and oldest, well, oldest victor, if you will.
Victor.
McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother and champion, Travis McElroy.
I am Griffin McElroy, the flag bearer of the army, the internet army.
Anonymous.
Internet army.
I am anonymous.
I'm sorry that it had to come out like this, but I am him.
I am Deadmau5.
Okay.
And I'm Spuds McKenzie.
Let's go fight the internet.
I am Killroy, 75 years old.
Let's get them.
My girlfriend and I were planning to go on a double date last night
with a couple of our friends who live five minutes away.
Me and the lady hang around the apartment doing for an hour without hearing from them
until we get a call at 1040 saying we should just meet at the restaurant to save time.
The nearby restaurant closes at 11.
My girlfriend and I were uncomfortable being party to the under the wire dining habits,
so we politely told them we'd have to decline.
I feel bad for bailing on our plans, but I'd feel just as bad being complicit in their plan
to show up at a sit-down restaurant 10 minutes before closing.
Did we do the right thing?
And that's from Nonplussed in North Carolina.
Of course you did the right thing.
Yeah, for a number of people.
For a number of reasons.
First off, you shouldn't eat anything after like eight o'clock or else it just goes that's
you just convert it straight into sleep and energy, which is to say fat on your loins.
That's that's carb heavy too.
Yeah, tortillas, sopas, pipas.
Sopa pipas.
Sopa pipas.
Can I get another order of sopa pipas, please?
Just the cold gazpacho sopa.
And secondly, who the hell are these friends?
They're calling you at 10 40 p.m.
Be like, hey, let's go grab some dinner.
That's not dinner.
That's fourth meal.
They want you to go get fourth meal.
Wait, was this Mexican restaurant Taco Bell?
The finest sit down Mexican restaurant in town.
Me and Tracy, we're going to go to get fourth meal at Taco Bell,
then take in a late showing of the crazy homeless guy running around the library.
Are you in for this evening of glad?
Dinner and theater?
I'll be there.
And theater?
Couples night out.
The homeless man stops running at 12 30 and we should get there right around 12 15.
So everything should work out just great.
From working in at least two restaurants that I can remember right now,
there is nothing worse than like you've already you started your clean up and like closing duties.
And, you know, you're just finishing out your last tables and somebody rolls up with like a party of people.
I'm like, hey, you guys aren't closed yet.
Are you like, well, no, they might not spit in your food, but you're going to get a lot of fuck you in that food.
And it's going to affect the flavor.
I believe it was Carla in season five of Top Chef who made her way into the final three
contestants by putting love into her food.
This would be the opposite of that, where it would be pure unbridled spite.
They take some love out of the food.
Yeah, yeah.
This tastes dry to me and I think advice like for future reference.
I think the problem is not setting a specific time beforehand and waiting for them to call you.
Especially these sounds like the type of people that do not adhere to normal people.
Do not adhere to normal person schedules.
Any fourth meal at 1040 p.m.
So maybe the next time you're going to make plans with them, nail down like a realistic time to go eat dinner or just stop making doing.
Maybe they're not plans friends.
Oh, yeah, they can be they can be friends.
Just not like double date friends.
We've all been like that.
Oh, they can be like run into at a party friends or like invite over it like you invite them to all your social events.
Just don't make them the only thing in the social event because they're going to show up an hour and a half late and they're going to.
Oh, I forgot to bring beer.
I'll get you next time.
They won't get you next time.
There is no next time.
They'll bail.
Those people would rather move than show up on time.
Yeah, you can't build your world around them.
Hey, dear McElroy's.
I'm in high school and there's this certain kid who's a total bully.
He and his group gang up and beat down anyone they so well, please.
Both myself and many of my friends have reported him in his group, but he never gets any punishment.
Would it be okay for me to get a bunch of my friends to teach him a lesson or would I simply be escalating the conflict heroic high school?
Oh, no, would it be okay?
Absolutely not.
Yeah, it's not okay like you.
Yes, you will be escalating because that's the definition of the thing.
Yeah, that's the definition of escalate.
Do you know how bullies get to be bullies?
They have mean dads that beat them up and will beat other kids up.
Is that what you want?
You want to escalate your problem from bully to mean dad?
And also look at this for the future.
If you and a bunch of your friends jump him, he's not going to go, you know, I see your point now and I've decided he's going to wait till the next time you're alone and him and a bunch of his friends are going to jump you.
Yeah, you've got to stride right up to him.
You got to tap on the shoulder and say, excuse me, sir, and then deck him and then change schools.
You leave her alone, Biff.
I'm your son from the future and you've been beating me up and I travel back in time to tell you don't do that.
But every time I try to tell you before you beat me up.
It's awkward.
Maybe you should befriend him.
This is they see here.
We're getting closer to actionable advice now.
You gotta I think all three of us can speak to this.
You gotta lean into it.
You gotta you gotta write that wave.
You gotta write that write that wave to graduation day.
And I swear to you, you'll get through.
Are you wait?
Are you encouraging him to like demand beating?
Oh, no.
Just eat it when they come.
Just take them.
Have it.
Just grow from it.
Dive at the floor.
Let his let his punishment become the fertilizer for your maturity tree.
You know, you don't want to end up like bright eyes and only get beat up enough to have enough material for two to three solo independent singer songwriter albums.
You need to be beat up enough that you can have a career of it.
You want a Connor Ober's level of getting beat up in high school.
Okay, that's that's where we're headed.
Look at that.
We want to make you a star.
Let's use Ben Gibbard.
That's a way better example.
Probably got the shit knocked out of his face every day.
And then what happened?
He released a bunch of great albums married Zooey Deschanel.
That one didn't work out so well, but but everything was a beat her up now about that.
You left all your goddamn sweaters lying around again bed.
I'm tired of cleaning or you could do what I did when I got picked on and I hit him with a trombone case.
So you're talking about you're talking about weaponized school supplies.
Yeah.
Well, I think that the idea of like getting a group of people together not cool, but like yeah challenging him to an honorable duel trombone cases at dawn.
Yeah, then you don't think one-on-one fight might solve this.
No, I don't think that two guys hitting each other with a trombone.
That sounds like a mating call for bullies to come in like a bigger bully to come see that fight.
And that's not bullying.
I'll show you both you bullying.
Oh, you need to find a bigger bully to bully your bully.
Yeah, no, that doesn't make any sense.
Hey, why don't you?
Hey guys, why don't you hire Owen Wilson to come and protect you and your friends?
It worked on an episode of Doug.
Why don't you get your secret agent dad to come protect you like a Klogen dagger?
Why don't you call Rick Moranis and help you win the big triathlon sports triathlon?
Why don't you get the former fat guy for the fat kids camp to come over and teach you how to be good at volleyball?
I don't even know how this helped with the bullying anymore.
Why don't you go and with a bunch of your friends and Christopher Lloyd open up your own summer camp because you hate going to piano camp so much.
And then on the last day at camp you have to put together a parents day.
Did you just pull out camp nowhere?
I might have pulled that out of my quiver, yes.
You and your friends just learn how to change into cars and then back into robots and then fight the bad robots because you're transformers.
And by this point you've graduated.
So yeah, by now you've graduated.
Oh man.
I'm sorry that we're not more helpful.
I don't think any of that helps.
If we knew how to deal with bullies, we wouldn't be in this situation.
High school sucks dick.
Which I mean our lives.
High school sucks more than anything but then it's over and it's awesome.
Yeah, it'll get better.
The bully will get tired of it eventually.
He's gonna get worn out from punching you.
He's gonna get winded.
That's the real victory.
And then you curl up into a ball and you cry.
You cry so hard.
I do want to make this clear though.
Don't get a big group of people to fight that guy because then you're a bully.
You're like a gang bully.
Yeah, you are a gang.
You're a gangster at that point and that's a rhyme.
That's how people start gangs to protect themselves from bullies.
Just wait it out and stay hidden in the shadows.
Guys, this Yahoo answer was sent in by Chuck Jones.
Thanks Chuck Jones.
It's so good.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gary who asks, thongs for men in parentheses bully skins?
Hi, I was wondering if anyone knew where the website boy skins is gone.
I wanted to buy a thong form there, but saw they no longer wear up.
I also wanted to buy my son one since he saw mine and wanted to try it.
No, I'm not a pedo.
He's 15 and can speak for himself.
Thanks.
Does anyone know where I can buy adult and youth boy thongs?
Thanks.
Boy skins, if you couldn't tell from my pronunciation, does have a Z up on it.
Is there a Y?
No Y.
There is a Y.
At the end of boy, but not men skins, not mid skin.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It would have been better if it was boi skins, but I was not so lucky.
Trademark ever living.
Where did boy skins go?
I've been cruising over to that website, not for any other reason than it was a good way
to check my bandwidth speeds because there are some high-res images.
I mean, to put it to put it mildly, the phrase doesn't even do it justice.
Hey, dad.
Hey, Papa.
I cannot help but notice that stylish man thong.
Is there a place where I, a 15 year old lad, could purchase one of those man thongs?
Boy skins, you say?
Well, let's check it out right now.
What a disappointment.
Now I'll have to go bully all those kids at school.
Come here.
I'm mad at you.
My pants are so loose.
If only he had the support he craved.
I actually, I haven't been on the boy skin site in a while.
I wasn't aware it disappeared.
I had it in my RSS feed.
I had subscribed to their updates and I wasn't getting them anymore.
The newsletter stopped coming.
It really should have, that really should have been a telltale sign.
Can we not get a groupon on this?
You can get a groupon, but everybody has to share the same thong.
So it becomes very, there's some hygiene issues.
Yeah, right.
There's nothing worse than waiting for your friend in a Mexican restaurant to get your thong for the day.
Why is, why is this a thing?
Everyone in the answers is saying go to Kmart and Walmart.
As if that's, how do they, how is that, do they have those there?
I know from personal experience that Walmart does not have sock garters.
So I really doubt they have man thongs.
Can we call them boy skins from now on and also can we call our podcast boy skins from now on?
Hey, in the effort to actually give this person a helpful answer, I just googled boy skins and boy do I regret it.
I shouldn't have done that.
And if there are any government agents now monitoring my like DSL usage, I'm sorry.
Very sorry, I didn't mean to do it.
Is boy skins, I don't see a website called boy skins.
I see a lot of usernames named boy skins and a Yahoo, a YouTube channel called boy skins.
So I'm thinking that this person's trying to start some branding.
Oh, all these accounts are closed.
I'm trying to Nancy Drew this shit, but.
Boy skins just fell off the face, well, fell off the butt of the internet, let's be honest.
About a, nope, fuck.
No, you can't find boy skins anywhere.
There's a, there's a blog spot called boy skin.
Oh no, don't just go to boy skin at blog spot.
Oh, it's dicks all over dicks for miles.
How could this happen?
Well, you know, in 20 years on an episode of storage wars, they'll open up a storage container and find this box after box label boy skins.
And they'd be looking at going, you know, the most kids are worth, that's like a thousand dollars a box right there.
I'm seeing like $6,000 in thongs.
Is that a Hummel boy skin?
I can tell that looks like a Hummel boy skin.
I was hoping that they were going to find the boy skin website because I was curious how you were going to conceptualize that for me.
Is that the domain name boy skins?
There's a, underneath, underneath this, what appears to be an elderly woman sewing table folded up in the shelves here.
There seems to be a website called boy skins.
It's called boy skins.
It's a little, it's become corporeal.
It looks hungry.
It seems now this looks like a regular cupboard, but when you open it and go inside, you exit on the other side into boy skins, the website.
Have a look around its directories and indexes.
You're going to like what you see.
You're going to be horrified at the way you look.
I guarantee it.
So, Mr. Tumnus, you look fantastic.
Very smelt.
How did you get the tiny holes over your furry legs, Mr.
Tumnus?
God, that is really doing some, it is shaping you very attractively.
That is the most vivid mental picture I think we've ever created on this show.
I can't, I can't.
It's like, I can't get it out.
And if you could see in my head, the look Mr.
Tumnus is giving me is troubling.
I'm angry.
It's not like a seductive look.
He's angry that I'm there.
I'm forming this sentence with my mouth and speaking it with the power from my brain,
but I'm only dedicating about 1% of my brain to that task because the other 99% is dreaming
up this visage and I can't.
I've been meaning to correct you children.
It's pronounced ass land.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh God, why is everyone in Narnia in my head and wearing thongs?
It's Father Christmas.
Truly, I've brought you gifts.
Mr. and Mrs. Beaver.
I've brought you gifts to help defend the kingdom.
They're all boy skins.
A sword?
No, a sword sheath of a sort.
Do you like Turkish delights?
No, but I love some boy skins.
Those are delightful enough.
Let me just write down the lion, the witch, and the boy skins right now.
You know what you never find on storage wars?
They never just open it up and it's just a bunch of wolverines.
They open it up and they're just swarmed with like badgers.
Do you think they would still bet on it?
There's money in wolverines.
Their teeth.
Their teeth are very precious.
Is anybody being mauled by a wolverine?
Yep.
Nope.
Christ.
Has there ever been an episode where they open up and there's just like a dead person
in there?
That's a nice watch.
Look at his belt.
That's a nice belt.
Dave found some bones once and sold them for like 15 grand.
No joke.
Good work, Dave.
At one point, oh I remember that episode because at one point Dave commented that there was
a hand and then he said, and this is an even bigger hand so it's got to be worth more.
And the lady's like, oh that's a foot.
Oh man, Dave, you're so fucking stupid.
How'd you get so big?
You stupid bitch.
You stupid idiot.
So recently.
Anyone got some bones I can have?
Can I have anyone's bones please?
They're very expensive.
Yep.
Bones.
Bones.
So recently, it's come to my attention that a girl I liked thought I was kind of creepy.
She still likes me as a friend, but my awkward attempts at courtship just creeped her off.
How do I stop being creepy?
That's from the Chicago Creep Show.
I don't know if that's a typo or not, but I'm really enamored with the phrase creeped
her off.
Creeped her off.
Creep me clean off.
Listen, I'm creeped off.
I got to be honest with you, I'm creeped off right now.
Do you know what I think creepiness is?
I think there's a lot of people that are creepy out there, and I see them, and I experience
them, and I experience they're creepy.
I think that it is mostly, no joke, like a lack of confidence.
I think if you're not confident in yourself, that's the creepiest, that's like a straight
like rocket carted creepy town.
Well, yeah, but you got to watch out because that's like a, you can go over the edge and
then you're into like sleazy.
Yeah.
Yeah, but there's also, but yeah, I think Griffin's right.
I think a lot of creepiness comes from second guessing yourself, where people think of you
as like a creepier or perhaps a weird beard.
It's because you're constantly evaluating the situation, your response to it in a way
that people don't feel a connection.
If you connect with people, they're never going to feel like you're a creepster unless
you're like way deep down to the core creepy, creepy cored out.
I think that people are so afraid that they're incapable of making that connection though,
that they go the whole like the mentality of, oh, this is awkward, isn't it?
Like yeah.
Or you do like even worse, like you pass notes and like you just kind of stare at them from
a distance and wave because you're too afraid to just like talk to them.
Like your ineptitude in this region isn't, it's not charming, it is creepy.
It's how you creep people off and you should stop doing that.
That's how they get creeped off.
Yeah, I think it's just like anything else, right?
Get interested in other people because if you can do that, you're going to be a lot
less absorbed with how you're coming off in a given situation.
I think that's where that self-awareness, and that's something that a lot of people
struggle with, even if they aren't necessarily creepy, that sort of being obsessed with your
self-awareness and your inner critic can make you seem off-putting to people.
Just be careful about putting people on a pedestal and just realize that everybody is
equal and if there's a connection there, you're only going to find it by like talking to them
and approaching them and getting to know them, not from a distance.
Also be aware of, some of that creepiness can come from if you get kind of obsessed
with a girl or a boy and spend a little too much time just showing up at their next class
and that kind of thing.
It's scarier to face the possibility of just being straight out, shot down.
You walk up and say, hey, I think we should get coffee sometime and they're like, no,
that's scary and so sometimes it's easier to just try to incrementally get to know them
and that's what's creepy.
That's a great point, Trevor.
A lot of that can come from this erosion style of seduction where you're just going to wear
the person down through virtue of exposure or time and it's rarely ever effective.
What you usually end up doing is wearing down your own charm because it gets a little exasperating
where the person's probably thinking after the second time, who is this person?
They haven't even really introduced themselves to me yet and then pretty soon they're looking
at you as creepy.
I think that this is like anything else, as far as self-improvement is concerned, you're
not going to wake up tomorrow and not be creepy anymore.
All of a sudden you'll wake up one day and realize that you're not creepy anymore.
You won't even be thinking about it by that point, but this isn't like, I have decided
to no longer be creepy.
How do you dig out of it then, Trav?
How do you get out of the creepy hole?
I think it's just by making the decision today, like I'm going to be more straightforward,
I'm going to be more confident and then don't hold yourself to that standard from day one,
you know what I mean?
Because that will make you more self-critical.
And hey, don't be afraid to change the direction of your affections.
This person thinks you're creepy, it could also just be that they don't know what the
hell they're talking about and you're not a good relationship match for them.
The chemistry is not there.
Don't beat your head against a rock.
If you're not feeling the connection, you're cool too.
And I think creepy is one of those words that can be like a really scary buzzword because
all of a sudden you feel like, oh my God, I've done the exact wrong thing.
It's not like, I don't like him or he's uninteresting.
Creepy is like this, oh no, I've ruined it, I'm a terrible person.
Also don't send people pictures of you hugging a body pillow that you photoshopped their
face onto.
It seems like a great move.
Don't send gift baskets to people's parents to try and get them to like you, to get their
kids to like you.
To Janet and Richard, congratulations on your 33rd anniversary.
I'm so very proud of you.
Your daughter is beautiful.
Can I have her in exchange for this basket I need?
And hey, barring everything else, you can always pay them.
The only way you can do that, like to say like, no, hold on, creepy bail?
No, it's like a transition.
But like you're paying them to not think you're creepy?
Let me out.
Have you ever seen Can't Buy Me Love?
Let me out of the creepy jail in your mind.
I want out.
Here's a hundo.
Here's a hundo.
Is this bail?
Is this creepy bail that I'm paying?
And of course, how else can you get your creepy bail together than with a trip to the Money
Zone?
You know who's never creepy?
Who?
John Cusack.
Elite Q Studios.
No, John Cusack.
No, John Cusack is freely, if there's a guy outside your window with a boombox above his
head, he better look like John Cusack, because he is a humba.
And he better look like 1980s John Cusack.
Yeah, oh yeah, not today's John Cusack, because today's John Cusack is Alan Rickman.
Elite Q Studios is a little group that tries to make cool stuff.
They got web comics, the main one's called Aloof.
They have a podcast about cool freeware games.
There's videos, there's articles, there's games, and there's other stuff sometimes.
If you're in the mood for any one of those, and the last one's so general that you cannot
actually deny that you're in the mood for it.
You're in the mood for any things in the universe ever in the fullness of time.
Open your mind to the expanse of infinity and visit eliteqstudios.net, that's O-L-E-E-T-K-U-S-T-U-D-I-O-S.net.
You added an extra S on there, O-L-E-E-T-K-U-S-T-U-D-I-O-S.net.
That's great, because now I don't have to do a jingle for them.
Good.
I got another message here for, this is for my man, Chris Flummer.
Most people call him Flum, I call, I stick with Flummer, and his gamer tag is Flumdinger,
maybe?
The person who sent this to us, Melissa, his girlfriend, is not apparently sure what the
Flummerino's gamer tag is, but she thinks, hey Flumminstein, what's your gamer tag?
It could also be Flumdinger, but that makes a lot less sense.
It's actually, his gamer tag is all one word, Flummer, starring Robin Williams.
She wants him to know that she loves him, to have a happy B-day.
He doesn't really like to celebrate his B-day, doesn't like anyone to give him a gift, because
he doesn't want to be able to make a big deal, but now's the time to let that pass, because
your girlfriend Melissa's gotten you this beautiful gift.
She thinks that she wanted to pay us to tell you that you are Flum-believable, and we hope
you have the very best birthday ever.
Am I actually doing a jingle?
So speaking of EliteKuStudios.net, here's a song from my man Griffin.
I think I've done something on capo 5 before, let me drop it down to capo 3 and just like
see where the progression takes me.
If you want to watch some videos or read some articles or play some games or eat a sandwich
or see the face of your newborn baby before it's bored, and if you like planes and cars
and skies and rocket ships and planets and cans and glasses, both the kind that you wear
on your face and the kind that you drink out of, if you like speakers and mice, if you
like wallets and watches, if you like iron and calcium, if you like all of the things
on the planet, you got to go to EliteKuStudios.org.net, god damn it, I'm definitely going to cut a
verse out of that.
The one thing you can't find at EliteKuStudios.net is the hilarious stylings, the maximum fun
galaxy of stars.
Here's one of them a-shinin' now.
Here's a Yahoo answer that was sent in by Keenan Williams.
Thank you Keenan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user InterestingNews who asks, how many farts per day is normal
amount?
Go on.
First off, let me apologize because there's a chance that we were, we made it onto the
AV clubs podcast roundup for the first time and one of their action items was that, maybe
not so much fart humor in it.
So Griffin's response.
I'm just going to peel it all, peel all of our fart humor off like a Band-Aid.
Three.
I mean, is this five and a half?
Is this person looking for metric weight of farts?
Yeah, is it like duration or amount?
Because what if you had just like one fart, but it was really, really, really long?
Is that worse or better than 10 tiny ones?
I change my mind about this question.
I don't think it's advisable.
What's the matter, Justin?
Are you ashamed of your body?
In closing, four.
Are you ashamed of the body God gave you and the sounds it makes?
Jesus gave you that body.
It's all natch.
Don't worry.
Jesus gave you farts.
Yeah.
I have to get the devil out.
Farts are an eternal source of comedy as old as history itself.
Oh, yes.
One.
It's like the Don Rickles of, well, it's just like Don Rickles.
Have you ever seen that painting where God's reaching towards Adam?
Yeah.
He's saying, pull my finger.
No, Travis.
What?
No?
Travis just warped through time to be a dorm poster from the seventh century.
See that, sopa?
Can we come up- We're not only going to infringe on copyrights, we're going to travel through
time to do it.
Sorry, Orin Hatch.
Suck my dick.
Can we come up with another word for farts?
Because we're going to be saying it a bunch during this question.
Pilates.
Tutoroobs.
I was thinking of something more innocuous.
Flumdingers.
Can we call them- Stinky bumblers.
Can we call them butt songs?
I think Nickelback will sue us for trademark infringement.
You guys don't like bumpy stumblers, huh?
I'll come up with something.
How about broken flutes?
Somebody in the comments wrote, the government's recommended amount is nine farts per day,
and that doesn't include any long ones that continued over from the prior day, which is,
let it be known, the first funny thing that I've ever seen on Yahoo Answers.
First intentionally funny thing I've ever seen.
Their source was www.fart.gov, which I did click to investigate, and it's nothing.
It's not a real website, so they got me pretty good there.
I do wish that whenever you clicked that hyperlink, though, it took you to a website that wrote
down the names of the people that had tried to access the website.
Or if it was like that cave with the genie in it, and you go into the cave and the genie
leaves, and he's like, I got you.
Only one person has to stay in the cave at all times, and you're here until the next
person comes in.
So you have to trick the next person.
It's like the ring.
Is that a thing?
The ring?
That's how the ring is.
Yeah.
Okay.
So fart.gov.
Someone please set me free.
Please go to fart.gov.
Please.
I need it.
And then sign the petition to turn that into a cabinet post.
Can we register fart.gov?
You have to be in the gov.
I'm sure that by saying it, that it's already happened somewhere.
Let me check again.
Okay.
Nope.
Still 404-ed.
Zero.
Guess what?
If you fart, you're a fucking freak, you're nasty.
Nobody should do that.
That's sin.
That's sin.
That's sin slipping out.
It's that sin that you made.
That's why it smells that way, because the brimstone from hell.
So Griffin, your number is zero.
Zero farts per day is the normal amount.
I think that if you have four, then you're probably okay.
I think if you have five, then you probably are epileptic.
I think what's important is not- Wait.
I think if you have six, then you have some form of hepatitis.
This is a new sort of medicine.
It's a new medicine.
It's like criniology.
I don't need to cut your hand open to see if you have carpal tunnel syndrome.
I just need to know if you fart 11 times a day, because that's your body trying to tell
me on this- That you're pregnant.
Yeah.
You have carpal tunnel and also you're pregnant.
Congratulations.
If you fart 11 times, you have carpal tunnel.
You fart 12 times, then you have lupus.
If you fart 13 times, then someone in Asia loves you very, very much.
If you fart 14 times, you're going to live in a mansion.
If you fart 15 times, you're going to live in a shack.
You're going to marry Bobby Schmidt.
This is the way you tell it.
This is how you tell your future from now on.
I think with all this, I think this is a new field that should be registered at fart.gov.
Yeah.
A list.
16 times?
That's a bad omen.
That's a bad moon rising.
Bad fart.
But 17 times is a good omen, so if you get to 16 and it's like 11.45 PM, start pushing.
Nobody- And the bad omen may end up that you pooped
your pants.
Maybe what the bad omen was trying to tell you.
By the way, thanks again, the AV Club, for putting us in the podcast roundup, and thanks
for your subtle commentary about how many fart jokes we have.
We turned it around to a big come at me, bro, of fart jokes, apparently.
I'm sorry we didn't take your advice more seriously.
There's no diagnosis for 18 farts, because nobody on the planet has ever farted 18 times
in one day before.
They just skip right over to 19.
That's why Adele called her album that, because she was so proud.
She called it 18 farts?
She called it 19.
Her album was called 19 because of the farts.
I'm not sure about that.
I read about that in Crag.
I'm not sure if it's accurate.
The Starbucks cashier who sold me the album explained that to me, about the farts.
The thing about the farts.
Yeah, this album's named after how many farts she did.
She did this many farts this year.
In one day.
She might have been a goof enough.
It was way, way, way more than the normal amount, according to the government.
That song about chasing pavements is about farts.
Think about it.
We're getting fired of the rain.
Get it?
Think about it.
Hey, I'm a straight, red-blooded American male who, in May, is serving as best man at
my gay best friend's wedding.
Ceremony itself is very traditional, but I'm stumped when it comes to the bachelor
party.
The attendee mix is going to be about 50-50 straight gay with a few lesbians thrown in
for color.
How do I throw my pal a rainbow-colored bachelor party?
Please note that my friend, by his own admission, is a terrible gay, and he's expressed support
on the one occasion, a desire to have an Asian lady stripper at his party getting down in
Durham.
Wow.
Wowzers.
I feel like the bulk of it's already planned.
This is a lot.
Asian lady stripper.
I mean, this is a real tough one.
We don't get many toughies like this.
Ultimately, the easy answer, which is to say the not funny answer, is you give him what
he wants, and I guess an Asian lady stripper.
I guess that's what you do.
This is my answer.
The fun answer.
What can't you do at a gay bachelor party?
This is not a-
Oh my god, you're right.
There's going to be a 50-50 split with some lesbians thrown in for color.
I'm imagining a Caligulin miasma of genital delights.
Just a bacchanal.
Just a-
Yeah.
What do you want?
Because it's everywhere.
The fucking sky's the limit as far as fucking goes.
Earthly delights.
Put it anywhere.
Happy bachelor party.
Sorry, Dave couldn't marry you.
He died last night.
He OD'd on hedonism.
Now he's a weird sexaholic, and he can only love a gay dead midget's watcher.
He was drinking wine out of a lady's hair, and he goes crazy.
He set a pet rock on fire and jerted up a guy named Dave's anus, and now that's the
only way he can finish.
He cut himself on all the harps.
Lacerated himself.
Oh, man.
You know, he-
I think if you get the right Asian lady stripper, then everybody will enjoy it, because you
gotta have one that's high on theater, and is just fun.
You know, like not as much focused on the seduction as they are on the pageantry.
If you get that kind of Asian lady stripper, and maybe a little whimsy, maybe some whimsy
thrown in.
You could just go the traditional route, and just rent out a cabin by a lake, and just
go there with all of his friends with a few beers, and have a classy time, and then everyone
just pops a bunch of ecstasy, and then pees on a beached whale.
See where it goes.
Just see what happens.
I feel like we're- I think this is gonna be a pretty good party, or the last party,
either which way you've done your job.
We all got butthole tattoos!
And also, he's in prison.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Hangover three.
It's okay, though, because this butthole tattoo looks like a shark, so no one's gonna get
near him.
Are we done?
Maybe a cake?
I don't know.
Maybe a tasteful cake?
Some balloons?
Hey!
Welcome to Cake Boss!
This week on Cake Boss, we're making a big cake shaped like a butthole for a gay guy's
bachelor party with an Asian lady stripper gonna pop out of it!
We're making a cake- I hope you're just thinking about it.
This cake looks like a dick going into a cake shaped like a vagina going into a cake shaped
like another vagina!
Cake Boss!
Cake Boss!
Stay tuned for the littlest chocolatiers, by which I mean they're inside the cake!
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
I'm making eight dicks today!
Cake Boss!
This isn't even for a party!
This isn't even being filmed right now!
This butthole cake's for Cake Boss!
Cake Boss!
This cake's for-
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
This cake's for- Fucking Cake Boss!
This cake's made of sand and also I'm a ghost!
Cake Boss!
Cake Boss!
Cake Ghost!
Oh Christ!
Cake Boss!
Oh!
I mean you gotta earn the title somehow!
You gotta dethrone-
So I guess I'm a Cake Boss themed bachelor party.
I guess in closing, that's the only way you can dethrone him, you gotta up his game!
Gotta beat him in his own game!
You gotta out Cake Boss the Cake Boss!
Out Cake Boss the Cake-
What was the question?
Hey, so thanks for listening to our stupid show, my brother, my brother and me.
We really appreciate you sticking with us through thick and thin.
That is assuming that you didn't turn it off like ten minutes ago when we were talking
about farts.
Not that anybody could blame you.
You gotta make it through the swamp of farts to get to those good, good Cake Boss goops.
Thank you to everybody who tweeted about the show this week with the NBNBM hashtag.
Thank you to Good Writer, that's with a R-I-G-H-T-E-R, thanks to Crystal Whalen for tweeting about
the show, The Jake of Ink, thanks to Botherer, make sure you check out his show, Rumdoings
or his site Rock, Paper, Shotgun.
He's always been super supportive of us and we certainly appreciate it.
Jinxville, The Triscuit, our buddy, Tristan the Marine, Mason Your Face, everybody.
If I may, I would like to ask you, our listeners, our friends, for a favor.
The theater that I work for is competing in a contest to win us a new set of lights, which
we desperately need, and so we would really appreciate your support.
I'm gonna put a link on Twitter after the show goes up, and there's also gonna be a
link on the MaximumFun.org webpage, and probably also on Facebook too, so if you could go and
vote for our lighting video.
It's also a really funny video, and I'd really appreciate it.
I wanna thank-
Well then we're-
So, sorry, go ahead.
No, let's all do that.
I was just gonna say everybody do that.
Everybody do that.
You have my permission.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Longwinners for the use of the theme song to our podcast,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's so fucking good, and you should buy the album, and then all their albums.
Yeah, someone else just bought it.
And again, just now.
People are buying it all the time.
That one was John Roderick.
He bought it himself.
Oh, no, there's another guy.
Okay.
Named also John Roderick.
You wanna close it?
Yeah.
Do you get our email address?
It's nbnbm at MaximumFun.org, and also check out Bullseye, it used to be called The Sound
of Young America.
We're on it sometimes.
It's also at MaximumFun.org, and PRI, and a bunch of other places.
Oh, and start podcasting yourself, just hit their 200th episode, so make sure you check
that if you haven't already.
Yeah, congratulations to those guys.
We're approaching our 100th, aren't we?
Yeah.
Yeah, we're...
And then we'll stop forever.
Bye, everyone.
That was a good one.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Keenan Williams also.
Quickly becoming a gold status contributor.
It's by Yahoo answers user Amanda, who asks, did Kel from Keenan and Kel die?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad.
Just go wear the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
