The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hey everybody, welcome to my brother my brother me an invite show for the Machinero. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy. I am your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Justin's got the goggles out. I got the binoculars. This is my new thing
I feel like Tom has been posting more videos on our tik-tok channel. Yeah
We got a Richard sink up there on YouTube
Does that
But Tom's been doing more tik-tok so I feel like I should be it's McElroy family if you follow us on tik-tok
He might win a big prize and the prize is entertainment
Yeah, to be fair throwing that might in there is a big might because doing anything you might win a big prize
You might win a $100 Dave and Buster's gift card
For an unrelated reason. Yeah, not from us. Just like all things are connected kind of way
so I'm trying to incorporate more visual elements and this one I came up with his like I'm looking in all our
Friends that have joined us more something for kids. Okay, I guess here's what I'm saying. There could be visual elements for kids
Elements for adults so it's a if the kids are watching on YouTube. They like it better. Yeah
Do you understand so the one? Yeah, I will say that a majority of our audience still does live in the audio
Space and so when we do these things
They won't get that and they'll hate that and they'll either tell us they hate that which hurts my feelings
Feelings or they'll stop listening and supporting us
fungibly and that hurts
What? Okay, Justin has found us adding some marbles. Is that what that is? Is that a little mark?
I have these clips in a bag
The audio elements are for adults. Okay, then just watch it on mute. So it's got to be stimulating for kids
Okay, if I may what we need is a visual like maybe mascot character or somebody who pops up that we do not reference
But it's just like in like the corner of videos, right a little fun
Now Justin's talking to his guitar clip. It's his capo. Yeah, but Travis you don't mention it. That's the thing
That's the challenge Travis is that we do the can we maybe mayor? This is mayor capo
mayor of music bird fucking go
He's the mayor of music burg. He's a kids love
The capo character mayor capo. Yeah, I think he's he's upside down for the way
I think he should be shaped as a character. Here's the okay, you're not wrong, but I can't squeeze
Maybe we flip it because
adults
the left side of their brain is the visual cortex and they like they like that and but kids like to have a
imagination so they maybe we should do the audio for kids and
and the
Grown-ups get the video so it can be like hey
Why did the cow go to on a where the cow go on a Friday night to the movies?
That's pretty good. My with my hands. I'm doing a pork in it gesture. That's right. Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, what do you call a fish with no eyes?
And then I'm still doing the pork in it gesture. Well, here's the problem with these visual elements. What's wrong trap?
They're very distracting for me. Hmm. Yeah, because I can't stop looking at what Justin's doing
Yeah, and trying to figure out exactly what he's going for. He's a real sourpuss. I've got a terminal case of the grumpies
Yeah, a terminal case
Kids know that that means they have exactly 15 minutes to save me before I
Yeah, and so they have to send money in they have to send money
And buy our merch join the max fun network then buy our merch at Walmart and Target and get our new meal delivery
We have our own pop-up kitchen
It's called Mackle snacks and that's use on you can get that on all your favorite apps kids
And the Mackle snacks aren't very good and they are it's like $15 for like a girl can open their own ghost kitchen
Why yeah, I have noticed that we don't do enough BB likes the videos. It's like we're this family's
Like promoting themselves to earn money and shilling out to YouTube and we're gonna all sleep
Don't you hate when families promote themselves?
I know right isn't the worst we're gonna we're gonna sleep in a bouncy castle inside the house tonight
And then BBO trying to like can we sleep in a bouncy castle and I have to try to explain to her like that's not
A real thing that people do that's the thing they're doing for this fun YouTube. This is not an option
Normally good converting our living room into a like a ball pit is not a thing
It's not a thing. That's not a thing people Charlie asked me if we could do it eat only orange food challenge
And I said kid you you're already doing daily food challenges. It's called the eat only bread challenge
Yeah, and then cry if you don't I do that try to get my kid to eat a good variety challenge every day so far
Uh, the hit rate is low. Hey, this is an advice show. We're giving you freebies right now
No, even ask for our pairing advice or just dumping it right on your lap. Yeah. Oh, okay
No one should ask for our parenting advice, by the way, I mean, I'm not saying we're bad parents
But I'm my kid is there's no way that it's a normal like the thing that I'm going to just
She sometimes turns into a gargoyle at night. It's not important. Don't worry about it guys
You
Guys remember that show gargoyles. I got to real that got to my girlfriend recently proposed to me by setting up a beach picnic
Oh
Both move a beach picnic because with too much wind that's all yeah to me
It's one of my favorite favorite foods
Including a butternut squash pasta dish
Since she did not have access to the recipe. I usually use she ended up improvising
Oh boy and researching an entirely different recipe. The problem is I actively dislike this recipe. Oh, man
Obviously, I wasn't gonna say anything is I don't want to hurt her feelings or ruin the thought you put in our proposal
But now she wants to include the pasta dish in our daily rotation of recipes
And I don't know how to sidestep it without admitting. I never liked the engagement pasta. Oh boy
Engagement pasta sounds like something a social media ninja would be would be yeah
Sure, people bro the SEO the engagement pasta on this tweet. It's pretty low need more J pegs
Hey Olive Garden, it's me Doug your social media manager. Let me I have a suggestion for you. It's called engagement pasta
You're gonna finally raise them in brothers. What do I do?
Do I admit I don't like our engagement pasta and risk putting a cloud over what was a very thoughtful and amazing proposal or do?
I resign myself to eating mediocre and post my posture pop
jerk
Impostor pasta. Thank you for the rest of my life. That's from pasta prisoner in South Carolina
What do you think of this move
The next time they make it say hi. Did you do something different this time?
It doesn't taste the same and and then try to do like the maybe it was
Like just so full of love as you didn't put any love in this one. Why didn't you put it?
Yeah, that runs a pretty serious risk Travis of making it sound like you are ready for this engagement to be terminated
Just like hmm. Oh, this is very this very important passes VIP
Something's missing something is missing Patrice. Oh, maybe that's it. It's very important pasta. I just feel like we should save it
For special occasions. This is like a special that's a special pasta. We can't just have this pasta every day. This is our
Engagement pasta. I yeah, there's ritual their sack their ceremony. There's
Sacrifice their sacrifice gonna say sacrifice, but that's not what I meant. They're a sacrifice that butternut was doing just fine
Yeah, thank you. I think it's cool
To do beach pasta and nobody talks about this
But when you go on the beach, everybody's like I brought goldfish crackers. I brought
ham I brought no pasta I didn't bring pot but every time I'm on the beach and I'm eating
Fritos and I'm eating
Uncrustables, I'm sitting there thinking like
Some gnocchi would go down pretty smooth right now, but nobody's brave enough
I wish I had a nice hot pasta a nice because here's the thing
I'm sure that some people right there like already jumping to mastodon
To mastodon us. Yeah, I haven't figured it out to say like in their little weird holes
To say like what about pasta salad? It's like no no, no, we're talking about a nice steaming bowl of hot butternut squash
hot butternut squash pasta
I've been married for
17 years now ish
What's your what's your secret? That's so long. I'm about to reveal it actually
Be old. That's okay. It's number two is uh, I
Can say with confidence you do not need to address this because my friend is gonna come out
You're gonna take a they're gonna they're gonna ask you how much you love it
There's gonna be a half a moment a nanosecond of hesitation
Yeah, just a single moment and the person who knows you better than anything in the world is gonna say you you don't
You don't like it. You don't like the dish and then you can address it
You don't have to intentionally take it on. The other thing I tell you is the
Idea that we get to choose our food is a relatively new concept in the process of humans
All right, here we go again, and you should probably just
Yeah, you should probably just eat it a little salt little pepper. I
Little tahini from this guy on your butternut squash tahini on your little
I don't go wild maybe a little like a ginger based hot sauce in there
Yeah
Maybe crumble up some fucking
Takis and like throw that in there and then maybe put in some fucking maple syrup like you're the elf from elf is what I'm saying
This will like address
The issue if your partner sees you go to get the ingredients that aren't in this one
Yeah, like it's like hey
Can we have some table side cumin so like salt and pepper and some table side cumin with fresh parsley that's like chopped up
Like can we have some of that just like table side and maybe like pizza on the side the original
The original recipe is on
Uncompromised it is it the love recipe is still there
But the the tahini represents our growth since the engagement it
Represents the curveballs that life throws at us sometimes sometimes also it represents that recliner
We bought together. You know what? I mean? Like you make it just make it you make the butter you make it you make it
You make hot shot. Hey hot shit. You think you're the best at making butternut squash. Why don't you fuck?
Let's see what you've got and send it to the three of us. We'll eat it live on air
Oh, yeah, it was an A&B Pepsi verse coke taste challenge. We'll do a blind taste as a both of them
We'll tell you which one loves the other one more if you make it and your partner is not like this is outrageous
Yeah, this is so much better than what I normally do then they then listen
They like there's more. Yeah. Oh, maybe you make your own
personal pan butternut squash beach pasta and then you put it before a panel of judges including
I net garden. Yeah, Bobby Flay. Yes, and for no reason Millie Bobby Brown
I believe Bobby Brown and Bobby Bobby Flay is our new show on the Food Network. We ran out of ideas
It's Millie Vanilla Bobby Flay, come on, let's go we have no ideas left
The wizard would like to share it it you're done talking about butternut squash pasta. I have a hard time believing that I'm
Hungry, I am hung. It's making me really hungry. Actually, I would like to move
I don't even like butternut squash pasta, but it's one of those things where when you talk about it enough
It's like do I like squash is deceptive like that, especially butternut squash. Yeah, you hear that you say that enough times
You're like sweet creamy treat and you try to eat it. No, the only squash that lives up to it is
Delicata everything else is a pretend everything else sucks shit. This is how to pick. I mean everything how to become a fool
I
Become a fool. This one's got a lot of good wisdom in it is also posted in fun activities pranks practical jokes
So it's like that's a that's a big scope wiki. How fun activities is
most
Fit like umbrella umbrella, but that could be like taking a nap or bowling
Damn, I'm looking at the have fun activities list now and there's some there's some stuff in here
I've never even thought about before like how to have computer fun content games writing and more or how to pop a balloon
Huh? There's how to tie up a balloon and then how to pop a balloon and then how to perform grindcore vocals
Okay, how to release a balloon back into the wild. Yeah, damn
I almost kind of want to read some of these how to entertain yourself without objects. Holy shit
Oh in like a in a completely empty void
Yeah to entertain yourself. There is no
There's no I'm in a
Room free of mass and space. It's just time and thought in here
I have it. I'm in my mind prison and I'm going to entertain myself now how to become a fool make assumptions
It said that assuming makes an ass out of you and me. Well, nothing has changed it does
Can I cool I've I've always wondered about that saying by the way because I get the like I made an assumption and that
Made an ass out of me
But how does you making an assumption make an ass out of me too?
Yeah, like Griffin makes an assumption that makes an ass out of me in
And all that it'd be cool if in Sherlock season 5
Benedict Cumberbunch was like, ah
Your cell phone has a scratch on it, which means what am I doing?
Fuck me, right, you know
But the constable walks with a limp so he couldn't have at what nips. Yeah, I don't know you're sure though
I don't know for you. We know none of us know for sure. So like
You know, you make a deduction you make a dead out of you and sure
I I try to get for a while
I tried to get assuming makes an ass out of you because like assume makes an ass out of you and me
It doesn't make sense, right? It's just like that's the spelling gag, right?
But it when you say assuming it means not like assuming there's nothing. Yeah, so I try to get for a while going
Assuming makes an ass out of you and being size celebrity chef and restaurant. Oh, yeah. Okay, but no
Really got into it very much, but I did have a good ten years where I tried to get
That's a long time on it doesn't pop up so often and you know what actually I
I will say now 12 years because we're here. I'm doing it now. Yeah trying to get it going again
Well, don't read your insurance schedule and policy wording is another good way to be a fool
Huh?
If you had an insurance claim declined by your insurance company
You will know that this is one of the more detrimental acts of foolishness one can commit
Now usually there's some I would say a little better pacing in wiki
How articles of like we're gonna start very broad and raw
general
but to go from
make assumptions
Don't read your insurance policy. It's like wait, hold on. There's no steps between those two
But why I will say I if you don't read your insurance policy you are making the assumption that it's all fine
Yeah, that's true. That's an assumption. That's
People are good. Yeah, I assume that these little words are fine, but that's like also
insurance
like if I wanted
to worry about every little thing and have like my fucking head on a swivel 24-7 despite the
my own sort of
mental
It's a caduceus that I've got going on my little what's it's that I've got going up up there
I wouldn't have the insurance. I would be always ready for it
I have insurance so I don't have to sweat this small stuff, baby. You know what I mean?
Yes, yeah, I guess that's true
Don't have a legal eye glance over your contracts
Those believing they can do this alone are somewhat foolish. You must have a sound knowledge of law
I can't I'd say those assuming that they don't need that and we're already covered here
Yeah, I was gonna say just this a great point cuz I was gonna say you could just say don't read contracts before you sign them
But that does fall under the bigger umbrella of making assumptions
Don't make assumption and also I will say that assumptions are
Fundamental to our survival as a species. Yeah, right. So what do you want from me?
Don't be a fucking dum-dum because here's step four. Go ahead breach a contract now. Oh
Challenge now are you this writer? Okay, the writer this wiki how article has not been paid in three months
I think that's right tell June that maybe sometimes you do think about looking at other people
That's one thing you could do. Hey, here's one thing you could do get a job at wiki
How and then just assume that the insurance they give you is in a cover elective procedures
They don't and you're like, well then I quit and they're like, well you need to give us six weeks notice and I'm like fuck
I didn't read that contract
Shit view this article as a do as I say not as I do and that this person writing this has
had a personal crisis or crises or it's like the joke of like
Opening up a fortune cookie and saying like you found a fortune that says like help
I'm trapped in a cookie factory, right?
This is someone trapped at wiki how by an ironclad contract with bad insurance trying to call for yes
Okay, so what ever written a memoir called? Here's how I fucked up. I think that
This is a living document. It's a living document that we find ourselves in
Now like it's a
Spotify would pay 20 million. Yeah
the story of Spotify
Just like follow the story of this sad person. Do we have author info here?
No, literally nothing. Okay, we'll call him jar
Josh
So just to go through it again Josh made an assumption and he didn't read his insurance schedule policy wording
And he didn't have a legal eye glance over his contract and then he did go ahead and breach the contract
Do you guys know what an insurance schedule? Yeah, definitely the net the next step in charge is when you do insurance on time
He'll tell me later. I assume if I need to know
In the next step in his journey over extend yourself financially
Governments that have passed national credit acts and have imposed strict law surrounding borrowing and lending of money are to be commended
Governments I know we all we all give you a hard time
We all like to think that you know, Sunday morning quarterback and all that but you know
The ones that have passed national credit acts and imposed strict law surrounding borrowing and lending of money
They I give them a big round of applause
Does it ever broaden back out to like, you know make promises?
You can't keep or is it continue on this like business strategies only?
Well, let's I mean it starts to unravel here a little bit stands surety for someone else's debt
I don't know what that means. But if that word sounds strange, it's because the next sentence is the Bible teaches us that this is foolishness
Standing surety for someone else's debt. It is often an emotional decision
It's fun when the Bible gets in there and it's like bye. Whoa, bye. Is this it? Has it been Bible stuff the whole time?
I didn't know the Bible had stuff about insurance in it or contracts
Do you think that the the the author like turn it in and wiki house like you can't call it the libertarian agenda
That's not how that's not the structure that we use. Yeah, he's like well
What about this?
Yeah, I would I would also say if you're gonna cite the Bible in an article of like how to be a fool one
there's plenty of stuff in the Bible about fools and stuff and like a fool and like but also
Plenty of people have read the Bible have been a fool my dude. That also doesn't work Travis
It doesn't say read the Bible
It says don't purchase real estate timeshares or property fractions without physically viewing the property a saying exists in God
We trust everything else. We audit the same should be for property or real estate prior to purchasing it. That's good. I mean
That's good advice. Hey, we can make jokes about it
But like go to the house before you buy it with all the money. Are there people who aren't doing that?
I mean are there people in the world who are like, what's that a timeshare you say sight unseen?
I'll take it. You seem like a trust or the man
I did have to put an offer on the house that we live in now in DC without going to it first
But what if you've gone there Griffin and it was 1 8th scale. There was a little baby house guys just for like a
Shits and giggles I did a quick Google search of the Bible. Yeah to see mentions a fool a man
We give the Bible a hard time sometimes
There's a lot of stuff that has been used bad, but man, there's some good stuff
Well, give me some Bible juice. This is Proverbs 18 to okay
Oh
Marker where he should start the no context. Yeah, sure talk here right here
So I just want to take it to the word for a second problems 18 to says a fool takes no pleasure in understanding
But only in expressing his opinion. Oh
Damn Jesus from downtown
Jesus that's a slam-dunk man good a
Fool's lips walk into a fight and his mouth takes a beating walk into a
Fight in his mouth takes a beating
Well, yeah, okay that one doesn't actually do it for me as good Bible the Bible. Okay, well
In the lips. Yeah never trust in his own mind is a fool
This is how Joe Rogan starts every episode whoever trusts in his own mind is a fool
But he who walks in wisdom will be delivered. That's Proverbs 28 26
That's not a one-to-one though. Is it no trust in his own mind, but he who is wise
Now there's also kind of a comedy rule of threes thing
But for the Bible where if you read three Bible verses on your podcast your podcast is a Bible podcast
Yeah
By by bringing in Proverbs 26
3 through 12 just listen to this 3 through 12 is a lot juice 3 through 12 is a lot of Bible my
Each one is one word over. We never read the Bible. I know Justin
We never read the law. He saved it up. We got a big load built up
A
Whip for the horse a bridle for the donkey and a rod for the back of fools. Well, hold on
Oh, yeah, it's good. No, that's not correct
That part's not good
But listen to the next part answer not a fool according to his folly lest you be like him yourself
Answer a fool according to his folly lest he be wise in his own eyes whoever sends a message by the hand of a fool
Cuts off his own feet and drinks violence. Okay
No, you said you have book ended like in the center there of like hey when someone's being dumb don't answer him dumb
Or just makes you seem dumb, too. Great. But in the first part there it was like yeah with that horse bridle that donkey
Beat up that idiot. And then the next part was if I remember correctly
He who sends a message
By the hand of a fool cuts off his own feet and drinks fire. Yeah, I love sometimes when the
Yeah, I love sometimes when the Bible is like do not have to borrow from thy neighbor and not if
Repay it thine pride shall
Cast ye off into hellfire and cut off your dick and your balls and feed it to goats and it's like holy shit
I'm like calm dude dust. Thou not readeth thine insurance policy
Then cut off your head. It's pretty modern. Oh, I mean well
Okay. Yeah, I do like that part where it's like it's easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it
Is for a lame-o to do a sick ollie. Yeah, it's like wait, hold on
Well, it's like oh that's fucking feet and his hands at arms put him in a pot and make his mom eat it
Don't borrow
The fool folds his hands and eats his own flesh. What that's Ecclesiastes guys
Well, I'm fully out of Proverbs. Yeah, the fool whole folds his hands and eats his own flesh. I've never
That is a good point if I saw somebody just knowing on themselves over bike don't be a fool don't come on
Have you uh food heard of it? Hey, what does the Bible say about don't use the internet without the correct security slash antivirus settings?
Want your money stolen out of your bank account your hard drive infected with scary viruses your hard drive crashing on you at that crucial
Moment right when you're about to finish if not, don't do this
Don't try to fix a man slash woman
Huh? I don't know. I don't know if that's a good one wiki how now once again though
To go from insurance
read a contract
You know don't take on someone else's day. Don't try to fix someone. It's like what hold on big props though wiki how
wiki Bible for this next Bible how for this next one don't engage in an extramarital affair
This one doesn't apply to open marriages if it's within the terms of your mutual understanding
alright, there's a version of this that doesn't include that post script and I I
Appreciate it. Yeah
Probably forced in by the editor
Editing pass here or there. I do like the idea of wiki how editors, but they only care about very specific things
It's like you mentioned the Bible in here. That's fine or whatever
But over here you talk about extramarital affairs
Does that apply to people with open marriages where that is within the bounds of the agreement between them?
Why just include that for safety for safety and also I mean we get into some more virtuous stuff here
Don't slander don't make promises. You can't keep then it gets into
Don't read contra indications on medicines and ingredients on natural health products and foodstuffs
What what is this post Griffin? Well, it's how to not
Spiraling this don't be a fool. This guy's had a hard time of it Justin. He has made assumptions
He has fucked his insurance up. He did a bad contract
Behind his wife's back
She said we did not pills that hate each other
yeah, then he did buy a property that did not have walls or a
Floor in it or roof and then he was got on the internet to find out what legal comp
Like what how paid he could get for that?
but then he got viruses and he tried to fix someone and then he took two pills that made him sick and
Then he believed that STDs only happen to other people is the last step in here
Oh
Is it Griffin is there like a secret last line on this wiki how it's like by reading this article
You're already a fool. Like yeah, like or a stonemason
You've made it this far
Step on in to your you haven't clicked away. You have the rigor we're looking for. Yeah
Yeah, this is a there's some stuff in here. I'm worried actually that this
Segment will have a net negative effect
Because there's some stuff in here. That's like you should make sure that your medicines don't counteract each other. That's good stuff
Yeah, you don't want yeah, you don't want to pop some you know
Well reason in the afternoon and then a little bit later taking a you know
cold formula that also has gualphicin in it your shits gonna be
Your shits gonna be whacked out
But in doing that you have assumed that these two pills don't hate each other. Yeah
Yeah, you've assumed that pharmacists and like scientists know what they're talking about. Okay, that's true. That's a good point
Okay, so I guess the whole thing is just don't assume don't assume baby question
Everything what they had in one the truth is out there. The truth is out there question everything
We are taking a beating this segment from
We are eating our own flesh right now. Yeah
We're holding our hands and eating your own flesh to drink violence drinking violence left and right
I woke up this morning. I say it's delicious. All right, that's what they don't tell you violence. Mmm. It tastes like butternut squash
Um, so I went to Dave Matthews concert last night and I yes
I brought back a very special thing. Can I show you guys? Yeah. Okay. Hold on. Give me a second
Why is he doing a visual?
It's for kids. This one's for kids kids. Love Dave Matthews band
My kids love Dave Matthews band cuz I told him about we dumped poopy on a bunch of people
Me Dave Matthews
Holy shit, it's
The one and only Dave
Ask why you had to stand up from your desk to go get a pair of sunglasses
That was that was my good friend Travis and I just why didn't he have the glasses ready to go at the table?
I'm wearing the glass. I had to switch places with Travis Dave
I heard you did a killer show last night in Dayton. I did I barely remember it
Uh, but it was three hours long. I heard with no opener. Oh, yeah, baby. How do you not remember that?
Well, all the shows start to run together after a while, especially when you have done so many drugs
Hey, can you talk normal Dave?
No, Dave
No, what brings us what brings you to our show Dave? Wow, what an honor? Thank you so much for asking
Did you know about the Bible and you were like gotta get all I love it
Your camera is blurring in self-defense. Go ahead. Well, I have that effect on
audio-visual equipment I
So as you know, I have conquered the musical scene
I've won several Grammys. You sound a lot like a good tone, which I hate
I get that a lot. Can you try to sound less like Oogie Boogie from Nightmare Before Christmas? I can try
Was that that was more Oogie Boogie, wasn't it? Yeah, it's going deeper down the bowl
I'm looking to expand the Dave Matthews brand and
So I have done a little market research. Sorry the date what the what Dave Matthews brand
So I've done some market research to look up where other musicians have partnered with brands
So that I can see what's out there because I'm looking for something that screams Dave Matthews
You know when I do it and so I'm gonna read you guys
You really don't sound that much like yourself right now David. I sang a lot last night, buddy
Were you listening to me?
By having a hoarse throat would cause one to sort of do the sort of affectations that you're putting on for us, David
I'm just trying to put on a good show here man
It's the goal to have fun. And if you will allow me we might just make it play your little game, David
Okay, I'm gonna describe it
This guy is a family man now with a wife and two little babies
So this grammy-nominated producer took his perfectionist attitude to a new endeavor
baby strollers
Together with Cybex. He launched a collection of strollers and other parent gear
Featuring his own designs and logo
Throughout the strollers of bold jungle inspired patterns complete with lions and zebras
and flora
And on the outside of each is the we the best logo now, it's obvious who this
Who this musician slash producer is?
But you guys tell me
Rick Rubin
Incorrect
We okay. I didn't okay. So just to sort of tell you where I'm at
And I'm trying really hard this episode and for the rest of my life not to make assumptions. I didn't make any assumptions
And I'm trying really hard this episode and for the rest of my life not to make assumptions. I didn't know that
This was going to be a game Dave
No, this is market research
Yeah, no for sure, but it feels like a game that doesn't it like it feels like I don't play games
That'll be is it DJ Khaled?
It is a Khaled. Is it DJ Khaled? It is DJ Khaled
Okay, that's correct. I feel nothing
Now I got that I want you to know I got that right and I don't feel anything
There was very little to be fair that there's very little reaction from day there was no reaction
There was also the biggest I react so that was just all middle that bit
No, it's not done yet
Okay, cuz now I'm gonna tell you about my own idea and I'm gonna see what you guys think. I'm gonna make a movie
Yeah, I'm gonna write and direct it and produce it who it's about
What are you doing, dude? I just told you I'm gonna make a movie. Yeah, but it's but you you're fucking like
Transmogrifying in it's like you're you exist in a quantum state right now and you'll be telling me about DJ Khaled strollers
I'm gonna be like
I'm a multifaceted human being a little baby
It's like the less confident you become in yourself. The more you move away from your I don't know
Why be less confident himself his little brother's negative or his friend. I'm not related. Sorry juice
You're now you're the one who's making assumptions. I'm not related to Dave Matthews. Let David do his segment, please
Can I please tell you about my movie?
Yeah, so are you talking about I now pronounce you Chuck and Larry too. I know you were in the first one
So funny, I already had a good message over screen
And now it is it you don't mess with the Zohan to because I know you were in that one
No, okay
what it is about a voyeur and
He falls out of a tree gets hit by a car
And he falls in love with the young woman of the father who hit him with a car and I know what you're thinking
That seems pretty straightforward. Well, here's the twist
yeah, their son from the future shows up and
He gets into some vehicle related shenanigans as well. I call the movie crash
Okay
Dave first of all, I want to say first of all, I want to apologize
Okay, I want to apologize because you know what I did I assumed that what you were gonna say wasn't gonna be very funny
And it was very funny Dave. It was very good
It's a drama. I this is a drama movie
Don't listen you already got the point and you barely got through there
You dropped that uh, you got right through that hairpin turn. You should look back just move forward
They have made a couple of films called crash and one won an Oscar
What was it one out one of them won a weird David Cronenberg sex Oscar?
Which is a special award that won the Oscar. What was it about?
Who gets hit by a car I get the films confused sometimes because they are both named crash
But I think the one that won the Oscar
was the one that fixed
Racism and the one that won the David Cronenberg sex Oscar the award that they made to give David Cronenberg for his films
Was that David Cronenberg sex car crash movie called crash?
But that's fine
I think that that proves the point that there can be multiple movies called crash
People like movies called crash people love movies called crash
Yeah, does your movie have James Spader in it?
And he has sex with a car in an accident. It has Crispin Glover in it
Well now hold on
What's wrong now, why did you put Crispin Glover in there Dave well cuz it's I he's gonna play opposite
Leah Thompson and they have great chemistry. Yeah, they were great and back to the future together
What's that movie? I?
Don't worry about it because nowhere in your synopsis. Did you mention time travel?
So I think that your films in your films in the know the Sun comes back from the future
You so you heard it just then right? You heard it just fine. No, it's a it's a different you said two and mines from
Okay. All right
Dave gotta go do some rewrites. Yeah, Dave. You should have gotten out of there man. You got greedy, didn't you?
You got greedy got stuck with your hand in the comedy tiller, didn't you but you know what? I'm gonna go
Yeah
But I'll be back with more ideas fucking way to who asked Dave Matthews fair guys, but
Gotta go but not because of that cuz I'm
my own
My choice not yours
Baby that's good. That's funny
It was me the whole time where the fuck have you been?
That's sorry, that's how I start every ad now. Yeah. Yeah, it's a very aggressive but it works
Have you been on the internet?
Because if you have been on the internet, you've seen a lot of great websites and you start looking at me think I could never
I never could make a great website like this. Well, I got news for you my friend. You definitely could
Squarespace makes it easy enough for anybody to make a website and update a website traps is used multiple times, correct?
And if we can do it, I did it one friend anybody can I did Griffin did it to get it once
Let me just throw this out there now might be a great time to start working
You know how you had that great idea for a social media website. This might be a great time to start on that
I don't know if Squarespace could build a social media network for you
But they could probably make a blank Google document and that's about that's a social network
It would work better at this way than some other things if they would just be chill. They got
Really cool templates. They're kind of like building blocks
You can move around to put the piece exactly where you want it. You don't have to code stuff
You just have to make something that you like and they have these templates that make it easy
To do that have already been created for you by people who really know what they're doing
And I think you could benefit from it. I think it's worth a shot. It's fun to make websites with Squarespace
That's what I'll say. Yeah. Yeah, you know what? You know what? I'll say if you're like, I don't know about bill
I believe in you. Yeah, and you don't even have to there's no risk
But listen this check out squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
And when you're ready to launch use offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
That's a good deal
Good deal
You know what? It's getting colder getting colder. It's snowed here in Cincinnati
Dusting and you know what that means?
It's time to break out those sweaters, but you know what sometimes you don't know what that means
So when it gets cold Justin the earth is not facing the Sun
I don't okay your war is gotten between I didn't sign up for those doors big body got between us in the Sun
Yeah, and cuz take away kitty told him to so
It's getting colder. It's time to break up those sweaters. I just got some brand new sweaters, right because some of my sweaters
They're getting a little thin little moth-eaten gotta keep them away from those moths guys
I don't know why I let those moths in there. They're eating up my sweaters. I got some new sweaters though from stitch fix
They're comfy. They're cozy. One of the sweaters looks like Chris Evans sweater from knives out. What's up?
Yeah, baby
So if you're like, I would like to have that is the chunkiest cable knit I have I
Have I don't know how that thing stays together. So chunky cable knit
It's mostly held together by the salt of the ocean spray as you're out catching lobsters on a cold England morning
it's just his body pressing outward against the
The the cable knit fabric that is just like kind of with tension holding the whole thing on him
He takes it off and unspools
He takes it off when he takes off the sweater just comes completely undone
Well, now you've got people thinking about Chris Evans taking a sweater off girl. We lost them. They're out of here
I have a sexiest man this year stitch fix asked me to do that to associate like their brand with like a like Captain America's bod
Oh, I said stitch fix is an easy way to get clothes that fit you without having to endlessly scroll through options
And you don't even have to Google to see Chris Evans naked body
You can just picture it right in your head. All you have to do is answer a few questions. That's in the copy. That's weird
All you have to do is answer a few questions about where you typically get your clothes from
What you like to wear your price range and where you would take Chris Evans on an expensive dinner
Okay with your choice in mind and a wide range of sizes available from extra small to 3xl
They'll find your perfect fit and send you clothes hand-picked by Chris Evans just for you
Oh, there's an asterisk next to that. It says might not be Chris Evans. So there you go
Right now stitch fix is offering my listeners my listeners
$20 off their first stitch fix at stitch fix comm slash my brother that stitch fix comm slash my brother
For $20 off today stitch fix comm slash my brother all clothes previously worn by Chris Evans. Oh
Another asterisk is that accurate or no? No, it's that's not true. It looks like not okay. That's not accurate. No, I'm sorry guys
No, no, no guess what Manolo guess what?
Your game shows made it to 100 episodes on maximum fun. Oh, that's true. I knew that well to celebrate
We are releasing our entire ear wolf archives to max fun members
That's anyone who gives five dollars or more monthly to support podcasts like dr. Game show
That's 63 episodes within studio comedian guests like Jason Manzookas Bowen Yang and Matt Rogers Joe para
Todd Barry and Janine Garofalo Connor O'Malley Chris Gethard and more plus three bonus episodes that include two pilot episodes
Wow, two pilots must be good
Find the feed at maximum fun org slash Boko Bo Co stands for bonus content
Presenting the new max fun store comm we've got shirts for your torso hats for your head
Drinkware for your finest beverages and so much more
Starring your favorite max fun shows with new and classic designs find the perfect gift for the podcast fan in your life
Heck that could be you. We're not judging head to max fun store comm now. That's max fun store comm
To the little loop. Oh Dave
I
Do I want a munch I want to munch
Welcome munch squad
It's a podcast within a podcast that profiles the latest and greatest in brand eating and I have two stories for you
Just a real quickly cover this one
Wendy's has
Unveiled its Italian mozzarella sandwiches and were you about to say invoked Wendy's doesn't vote
I mean that's that would be more applicable to this this beautiful boy. Look at look at
Beautiful boy. Look at this beauty. I see some fresh mozzarella
Wendy's unveils Italian mozzarella sandwiches and garlic fries, huh? You see it now
Yeah, but there's really good you okay you could guess what those ingredients are for a hundred thousand eons
Well, I mean, it looks like chicken and mozzarella and then maybe marinara on top
Okay, and maybe between the mozzarella and the marinara is that onion is that onion ring?
Wendy's all-new mozzarella chicken sandwich the Italian mozzarella cheeseburger and garlic fries are bringing bold and savory innovations to menus this winter
stacked in your
Someone writing this press release was having the time of their fucking lives and it's mainly why I wanted to bring it to you today
Stacked stacked in your favor with flavor
Good stacked in your favor with flavor this match made in Italian heaven
In segregated heaven
Why it's attack it's a match made in Italian heaven
It's like how we only gave them one seasoning, you know, they're only allowed to use Italian. Yeah Italian heaven
Will this is one sentence stacked in your favor with flavor this match made in Italian heaven will
Fulfill your comfort food. They will full fill your comfort
That's not a play on words. That's what it means
Yeah, it's italicized will fulfill Italian sized. Thank you
We'll fulfill your comfort food cravings and leave you
Satisfied I'm yeah max fun stretch goal that I will get this sentence tattooed on my body
I think it's the best sentence I've ever read
There's eight different things
The Italian mozzarella chicken sandwich brings all the familiar flavors of a homemade Italian dinner in one delicious sandwich
Do you hear that? Do you hear that Italian culture? We've summed it all up in a
Sandwich this juicy lightly breaded crispy chicken breast is topped with ooey gooey fried mozzarella cheese
savory marinara sauce and
naturally aged rich
Asiago cheese. Oh, well hell way. Yeah, so that's one that's a second panic
so it's a big loaf of cheese on top of chicken and cheese and mozzarella and then it's all
wrapped up with the
towering toasted golden garlic not bun friends
Well, I think I can speak for Italian Jesus when I say a mama mia. Yeah, this is
You're going to Italian hell
Folks at home who can't see won't when Justin says
fried cheese
We are not talking about cheese in the traditional dimensions that one is used to seeing cheese. Yeah, this is a
It looks like one inch tall round. Yeah of
Round loaf of cheese that has it if I may a very pale bun
Well, it's a garlic knot
Yeah, so it's not it's a bun. It's a garlic knot bun. It's a guy not garlic
You can get it as a hamburger instead of a chicken sandwich. And then it says cheesy square goodness for all
Does it say that in a in the context of a larger paragraph or is it just sort of
Marginalia like it's someone has just written as a note on the press release like cheesy square goodness for all
For the footnote at the bottom
For those fresh never frozen beef fans
The sandwich is also available as a hamburger instead of a chicken sandwich period cheesy square goodness for all wait
It just says that as it's that's not even a complete thought
Well, let him finish the thing cheesy square goodness to all and to all a good night
This is good coated in a flavorful garlic herb sauce
The garlic fries are made with Wendy's natural cut hot and crispy french fries and make the perfect pairing for those cozy winter vibes
Yeah, can you smell the mouth-watering aroma of garlic yet? No
No, never this PR has never asked me a question before I didn't know that I was on the clock
Do we have to write it in like to be how do we answer?
I think the answer is cheesy square goodness for all we have a winning track record of taking familiar favorites and combining them into his
Exciting new ways to deliver a culinary experience that you won't find anywhere else
Thank God the Italian mozzarella sandwiches are forged from the same delicious inspiration and innovation
Giving fans an adventurous flavor experience
With every bite says John Lee, you know when I go to Wendy's what am I going there for nothing?
If not adventure, yeah, and also you step up to Italian Hephaestus and say forge me a sandwich
They forged me in your in your your heavens for your Italian heavens forge
I do want to say that every time I go to Wendy's in my car and I get the car food to eat it
Well, I'm at the parking lot of like, you know
My my son's Children's Theatre class because I ran out of time to eat a normal meal
I do always think god dang. I wish these fries were wet like really really really
Like so sloppy and wet
I would love to have that in my car this wet fry energy and to make the whole car smell like garlic to
Wet and stinky too. Please. Give me that now Wendy's for me Dave. Yeah, they want to be the sloppy provider
It's an adventure. Give me sloppy. Give me wet Dave
Dave Thomas, give me sloppy
We're not just about I'm gonna make a max fun drive stretch goal. I might get Dave Thomas
Give me sloppy a tattoo of my body
No, wait, is that Dave Thomas saying it? Is it like give me sloppy or is it like a picture of Dave Matthews?
It's a picture of Dave Thomas
Dave Thomas
Same with a speech bubble coming out of his head that says that says give me sloppy, but it's the actor Dave Thomas
Probably the best thing that I'd like to see is those two trading jobs for a day. That'd be funny
Yeah, oh like trading being a comedian and being dead being a long long dead restauranteur
Being an icon not long dead. How was the Dave Matthews concert?
weird quiet
Wait who's switching places Dave Matthews Dave Thomas or Dave Thomas the actor. I'm so confused
Are they all three switching? Are they all gonna be in a fountain together? Throw them in the bag and we'll pull out which one
Mix them up. Can't tell the difference
Popeye's got to give them a quick shout out. They got a new sandwich
It's the black and chicken sandwich. They're starting the chicken wars a
new with the black and chicken sandwich, and I just want to give a
Shout out to their Twitter
Because their press campaign on this is to the copycats that tried to copy our chicken sandwich back in 2019
Here are the ingredients of our new breading free flavor full
Black and chicken sandwich now try to copy us again, and there's a list of ingredients for the right there
So they're like come on shot fired here
Look, we'll give you a leg up you want to keep your ingredients secret
We're gonna put them on Twitter now Justin. I you have just made me think about what an impact
the current
State of Twitter is going to have on MunchSquad
Because anybody could claim to be a restaurant and just make up some wild shit
And like we could report it and have to walk it back. Can you imagine? Oh my gosh?
It would be such a blow to our integrity as an organization. Yeah
All right
Gross hey, that's our that's our program. Thank you so much seriously to everybody who came out to see us in Cincinnati, Detroit and DC
Absolutely super duper fun shows we had a great time. It might be three of our best three of our best live shows
We did do four shows
And an amazing adventure zone. Okay. Thank you to Brendan Lee Mulligan for that by the way anybody who came to the
DC Taz guy a real treat. It was a that one was
That one was wild that was a wild show. I
Can't stop talking about it. Like I literally kept telling you like and then how it ended. Oh my hey, how about
We got candle lights coming up
Pretty soon. It's gonna be virtual again this year. We're doing it cyber style December 17th 9 p.m. Eastern Time
tickets on cyber
We're gonna cyber tickets a lot
Tickets are on sale now at bit.ly slash candle lights 2022. It's gonna be a really fun time
We have fun special guests lined up. We're gonna have skits and sketches and whoa
bits too, then there will be a handful of bits and
The and all proceeds from that show
They got a harmony house
So when you buy tickets, there is just the base ticket option
But you can also choose to give more if you'd like to
To help the people of harmony house help people who are experiencing homelessness in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia
You guys have all like stepped up so much in the past. It's we love doing it and we're excited to do it again this year
and
Yeah, thank you to you and thank you to our guests. It's gonna be real fun
there's also an exclusive candle lights 2022 poster and
candle lights
Candle lights ornament both designed by Bree Paulson and sales for those will also benefit harmony house
So that's coming up December 17th. Don't sleep on it. Get your tickets now at bit.ly slash candle lights
2022 and speaking of merch 10% of all merch proceeds this month go to natives which promotes indigenous foodways
Education and facilitates indigenous food access. Once again macro emerge calm. You can find all of that. We've got some more shows. It's our
like
20 rendezvous in
2023 fancy taste like tourists the shows we had to reschedule
Those are in San Jose in Denver April 27th, San Jose, California is adventure zone with a Bria April 28th
Is San Jose my brother my brother to me April 29th is Denver all existing tickets will be honored for the new dates
And if you would like to get tickets now that they have been rescheduled you can get those as well
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is required
Also one more thing pre-orders for Taz 11th hour are open now. It comes out February 21st, but go ahead and pre-order now
Why wait the adventure zone comic comm like Justin mentioned we started the tick-tock channel for McElroy family
So go follow that if you haven't. I can also find McElroy family on Instagram
As well as the YouTube channel McElroy family where we do
Streaming stuff from time to time. We've been doing a lot of
Fortnight on there funny a lot of other stuff to go check it out. Thanks to I'm gonna thank Montaigne for these for a theme
Song my life is better with you
I'm gonna struggle through it cuz Justin keeps making his haunted doll that we all have to keep in our office
Do like us do like a funny fortnight dance for kids that bits for kids Justin. I've seen that doll
I ordered it that doll isn't for kids and should not be witnessed by children
What's that? Do you remember that doll's name? What's his name?
Oh Jack Jack there was a parentheses next to it that I think makes it not appropriate for kids me off
It's the last name so that's it for this show
And I think Justin wanted to share a little word of wisdom as we walk away from it walk away from the burning
Yeah, I mean I've always got
Something you know what I'm actually saying we shared a lot of wisdom. How about some words of comfort Justin? Oh?
Yeah
Or just read it read whatever Bible verse you're googling right now, too
I know I had some ones about that that and this is um
Let mmm
No, I don't want to do another badass one. That's like if I don't want it to be to Jesus. Yeah, no
I want a badass one. That's like if you fucking lie cut your own head off and put it in a volcano
That'll make you think
Cat cash
Eat violence
Eat violence and violence shit
justice
Don't borrow violence
Cut your own feet cut your own feet off eat violence and don't borrow and go to your house before you buy it
Massey 5-4 tells us blessed are those who mourn for they should be comforted
So I guess what I'm saying is like don't even trip. Yeah, it all comes out. It all comes out in the wash
Yeah, it'll be fine. I guess what we're saying is it's totally cool that you're sad. It's awesome
Man, that's awesome. It kicks it kind kicks ass that you're sad actually. Yeah. Yeah, you could be comforting
It gives us somebody to comfort so that we can feel superior. Yeah, this is just an opportunity
Sadness is just not is just the opportunity to get happy later eat your own feet
My brother my brother because your dad's
Oh
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
