The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Another year older, but about 20 years wiser. It's my brother, my brother made 50th episode
spectacular. This is our one year anniversary of bringing you, taking your questions,
turning them alchemy-like into wisdom. I'm your host and oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I am a co-host and middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm a permanent guest host and the youngest sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Hey guys,
what do we got planned for this super special episode? Because I know this is the kind of thing
that podcasts, they usually don't just let it, you know, sail by. They usually do something to
commemorate. Yeah, well, I have gotten you this special presentation. If you guys will open your
hands right now, you will see the gold watches that I brought you. I was wondering where that
came from. Yeah, that's from me. And enjoy. If you see the inscription on the back,
can you read it? Go ahead and read it out loud. I'm not embarrassed.
Is this Sanskrit? I can't read this. No, you just turn it upside down. Oh, it says great job.
It says, in quotes, time for laughs. And it's laughs with four Fs. That's what it says.
So I got those for you guys. If you guys will look outside, you'll see my
one year anniversary gifts. I got you both ping pong tables. Whoa, good purchase. Thank you.
And if you guys will check your mailboxes, you'll have gotten the postcards telling you that I
donated trees to Jerusalem in your names. They need trees so bad over here. They do. It's a
treeless wasteland that where Jesus was born. That's why he hates trees. Hey, let's get into
the questions. My girlfriend and I have been dating for seven months now, and we enjoy going
out to eat every once in a while. The thing is, when we order the food, she takes it upon herself
to order both her food and my food. At first it was kind of cute, but now it's really starting
to bother me. Should I say something to her about it? Or is this one of those things I need to let
go? Flustered in Florida. Wow, that's so weird. Yeah, I've never heard of that. That's not a thing
that people actually do unless they're in like a movie. What if when she ordered your food,
you just screamed, wrong. Close, but not right. Let's go with a steak. We were looking for
steak. Maybe she really knows him really well. I would actually be a big fan of this. I hate
deciding what to eat at a restaurant because I don't understand the big words. Like what's a
gruyere? What's a gruyere? I think he probably like picks the food. I just think that like when
the lady comes around, that she says like, he told me earlier that he wanted to have the steak
and gruyere. So I'm going to order that for him. Maybe or maybe like really mean and she thinks
like he's overweight and doesn't want to say anything about it. So she's like really passive
aggressive. Like he'll have a salad. Yeah, I'll have the chicken corn on blue and Tubby Tubbs
over there is going to have a shot of wheat grass and some disapproving looks. Somebody skipped his
morning jog so he gets a mixed green. I think that you should probably ask out of curiosity,
like very non nonaggressive. Hey, why do you do that? Why does that happen every time? Maybe
there's a good loving reason for it. What could the loving reason be? Maybe you're really bad at
like human interaction and she's saving you from having to make a fool of yourself in front of the
waiter. Like she knows you're going to make terrible jokes about how you want your steak
done or whatever. How do you want your steak cooked? On the grill. She's trying to prevent
that from happening. My name is Fred and I'll be your customer this evening.
Could you steak me?
The first time you guys went out, did you embarrassingly order things like
I'll have the hamburger because you hold the mustard and put the mayonnaise in a cup next
to it and stuff like that. Maybe she just doesn't want to deal with your whininess.
Bring me the mayonnaise in a stein if you could, please. I need a thimble full of vinaigrette.
If I see a pickle, I'm going to burn this restaurant down.
Sorry, Darlene. I think you should ask to find out what the reason is. If it's a good reason,
it's not worth it. Does it really bother you? What you should do is just completely embrace this
and when your lady orders for you, make eye contact with the waiter and just give a real
slow nod. Yeah, like you're inviting him into your relationship. She was correct.
Why don't you turn it into a contest where you tell her, listen, baby, I don't mind
if you keep ordering for me, but I'm going to order for you. If I get to the waiter first,
I'm ordering for you. It doesn't even have to be like that. You can be like,
who knows the other person better? She'll order something for you and she'll be like,
I think he would like the barbecue bacon onion burger from TGI Fridays. Then you'll be like,
she'll have cookies. Sir, it's seven o'clock. I know for a fact she hasn't eaten dinner yet
because she's at a TGI Fridays. I know what I said. She'll have the cookies, please.
She'll have the cookies, please. And a bowl of croutons. I get a bowl of croutons,
some of those cocktail swords. There's one thing I know about my girl and that she's
got a big race coming up and she's got to carb. Got to carb up. Croutons, please. Just carb her.
I don't have a feminine while. I'm not sure what happened. Please help me. How do I attain
some feminine while skills? I'm a girl if that helps. It does. Yes. Yeah, certainly.
Forgetting feminine while. Every woman has feminine while. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know
maybe Stella got her groove back? Just go watch that and do exactly what Angela Bassett does.
I don't think that it's something like, it's not like a list of things you know how to do.
It's not like a skill you pick up at summer camp. It's just something like,
that is the, that is a term that's used to describe like what women do in society.
I have to ask, where did you acquire that knowledge? Where did you acquire that knowledge
that it's not a thing that ladies learn at summer camp? Because I could totally see
a lady going to summer camp and then that's when she learns how to fucking work it.
Isn't that what finishing school is? Where they teach you how to fucking work it?
So you're saying like in middle school when they separated like the boys and girls to watch
different movies, the boys were off watching the Uncomfortable movie about pubic hair,
but the girls were totally watching movies about how to like work it?
The girls actually get a class by RuPaul who comes in and just teaches them how to work,
you know, how to find their fears, how to find their bliss and just chase it, you know?
Chase that bliss! We had to look at horrifying pictures that still haunt me to this day of
vivisected cocks. Like this is, if you would lathe your cock, this is what it would look like.
You just split it right down the middle, right down the prime meridian,
and then they got RuPaul teaching them how to make it work.
Exactly. That's bullshit.
At the end there was like a fashion show on a catwalk.
So maybe our, maybe our listener missed that day of school.
Oh, were you sick? Were you sick that day on Make It Work Day?
What was the name of that show that was on MTV that they taught the guys how to be like players
and it was, but it was hosted by the guy who wore like goggles and like furry top hats.
I think it's like the America's Next Great Pickup Artist, The Pickup Artist.
The Pickup Artist. Yeah. Ma'am. What fucking douche chills I got. I had a winter of douche chills.
How are you helping our writer?
I'm saying that maybe you call that guy up and be like,
maybe he knows a thing or two about the lady game.
Like how to make-
He can never do that. He can never do it. He only knows how to work that system
the one way. If he tried to see it from the other side, it would turn him gay.
No, but this is like a, if like a, you hire a bank robber to do your vault security.
Oh shit.
I'm saying it was all about how to, how to pick it up.
It is so much easier for girls though, right? Like guys takes,
it takes whole reality shows to teach them how to work their, you know, how to work their something.
Girls, like, didn't we establish like just flash a boob, right? Like you just-
Well, don't do that.
Don't do that.
But you could.
I think with guys, it's like, it's like teaching them an elephant how to paint. Like you can do it.
It just takes a lot of work, a lot of commitment from the elephant.
Ladies are like, like mad sexy. They're like super sexy. All of them, 100%.
Guys, we don't have like, unless I'd blast my core, like Bradley Cooper style,
unless me and Coop hit up the gym and do some yoga lattes and blast our pecs and cores,
just wail on them.
Or even Bradley Whitford style.
See, that's my jam.
I would take a Bradley Whitford core at this point.
Forever a Whitford, Mariah Cooper.
You monsters.
So find RuPaul, pay top dollar. It's your fault you should have been absent that day.
Covergirl, turn to the left.
Griffin, hit me.
All things, all things just keep getting better, you guys.
Yeah.
On this, our 50th episode.
I have so many good ones. How about-
Oh, this is good. This is an appropriate segue.
This one was sent in by Cosmodoodlecat. Thank you.
Okay.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Bay Harbor Butcher.
Oh, good.
Who asks, who asks terrifyingly,
I am thinking about doing this to 25 women this upcoming week.
What?
This can't end well for the Bay Harbor Butcher.
I am trying to build my confidence so that I can start meeting women
when I'm out and about like a store, for example.
I usually find myself talking slash flirting with women when I'm out,
but never know if I'm taking their kindness the wrong way.
So I always end up just leaving without a number slash email.
So this is my plan.
I'm going to walk up to 25 women and say,
hi, I just wanted to tell you that I think you're beautiful.
Have a great day and walk away.
How would you feel if some random guy did that to you?
Additional details.
Additional details.
I'm okay looking, not a supermodel.
Listen, hey, there's so many fallacies,
so many riddled with plot holes, the question is.
Let's start from the beginning,
from the opening, some of the nomenclature misstep that you've made here.
Bay Harbor Butcher?
Like that's your line?
That's your handle?
It's your tag?
It's this great face.
Do you mind if I take it?
I'm planning on doing this to 25 women.
I'm going to chop them up and hide them around the city.
Can you catch me?
I don't think you can.
Can I add you to Facebook?
By which I mean the book that I'm making out of faces.
I'm confused by his premise.
His premise is that he often talks slash flirts with these women
and leaves without getting a phone number.
So his plan of attack is to leave without getting a phone number.
Like what I'm going to try to do is make a conscious choice
not to have any connection.
You know when your dad catches you smoking,
it makes you smoke a carton.
He's trying to like burn himself out on failing.
I'm not closing the deal.
Just take a dip in the failure pond.
What are you doing, dude?
It's like-
Sweet face.
Dip.
Gotta go.
It's like Alec Baldwin said in that movie,
A, always B, B, D, dipping.
Always B, dipping.
Dip.
I'm out.
See, I would take it one step further and just at a full run
pass by these women and just go,
you're really pretty.
Good face.
You're gone and you're out.
Doppler dating is what we call it.
We used to do that in our hometown of Huntington.
I remember Justin introduced me to that game
where we would drive around and yell things at people
as we drove by and I had to stop playing that game.
We would always nice things like,
hey, cute face or hey, like you're jorts.
But we had to stop playing that game or at least I did
because there's nothing more infuriating
than when people yell shit at you.
Yeah, because you never assume it's nice
and you can't make it out.
You almost never can make it out and there's no recourse.
There's nothing you can't be like,
yeah, well fuck you too.
Oh, you're gone.
You already left.
You're like in a car.
You're like super far away.
I think that everybody should just say nice things
to everybody all the time.
I think you can end your compliment
as long as you say like, sorry, I'm a creep.
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm a creep-o.
Well, that's actually something I've always wondered.
Like when you see a girl with like a really nice haircut
or something, but if you preface by saying,
I'm not trying to be creepy, but you just made your hair,
you just made your compliment so creepy.
There needs to be a word for like a precursor
that actually defines what you're about to say to somebody.
Like a non-creepy, no homo.
Like if you're like no creep and you said something.
Like yeah, but one that doesn't make you sound like a douche.
Like a douche.
Like just creep warning to say.
Creep alert.
Creep alert.
I'm about to creep you out.
Yeah, that would be good.
But there's gotta be something about it.
Creep wise.
Creep wise.
No creeping.
The problem with being a creep is that like drawing attention
to what is creep.
Just makes it even creepier.
There's nothing you can do to uncreep something.
Like once it's been creeped, it's like the taint.
You know what I mean?
It's like that virus that's killing all those bats in Ohio.
Like once it's there, you can't get it off your nose.
It's just gonna ruin the population.
Because the more you try to justify it,
the more creepy it becomes.
Exactly.
No, but I didn't.
But I was just creepy.
Do you know the only thing you can do is make it fucking work.
Just make it do work for you.
It's hard to do.
I've never done it.
Do as we say and honestly do here.
If you crack this Da Vinci code, you let me know.
Because I would love that.
I'm filled with boundless love.
And I would love to just come up to people on the street
and be like, hey, you are just super attractive.
Everything you're doing, yes, yes, and yes.
Do you know how to make that work?
How do you make it work?
You'd be Bradley Cooper.
You'd be super attractive.
Fuck me.
Hugely, hugely attractive.
I was going down the list of features.
I checked Whitford.
I didn't check Cooper.
Yeah, you gotta be careful.
And number one, step one, don't refer to yourself
as the Bay Harbor butcher.
Like I don't think I can emphasize this enough.
Hey, I'm from California and I recently enrolled in college.
On the East Coast.
I'm a big basketball fan.
And by that, I mean baseball.
Sorry.
I'm a big baseball fan, specifically a Giants fan.
And sorry, are you a big fan or a Giant?
I recently had the pleasure of watching my team thrash
my friend's team, the Paleys, in the North League Championships.
I put this question in as a test.
In the mountains of the North.
Where we beat clan stock, the team of the North.
Sadly, he is an uber sore loser to the point
where shit talking is no fun.
Now, when I talk shit, he just admits his team's failure
and overall inferiority.
This just makes me feel like an asshole.
How can I talk shit and not feel like an asshole?
What are you desperately seeing solutions?
Like, what are you saying?
How can I be a dick and not be a dick?
Like, have you, wait, first of all, what?
Okay.
Do you not understand what an uber sore loser is?
If you're like, your team lost and he's like, yeah, they did.
That seems like a pretty good loser to me.
I completely accept my team's failure.
Oh, okay.
No, he's like taking it so personally that he can't rip him.
And what's that guy's deal?
Like, hey, the Phillies suck.
I know.
I suck too.
Everything sucks.
I'm just a little bitch.
I can't do anything right.
You're stupid, Darren.
This is exactly why Susan left me.
This is why Susan left you.
It's because of the Phillies.
It sucks.
Come back, John Krunk.
Your friend needs to get some pride.
I think you need, your operation needs to change.
You need to change from a how do I be a jerk
and get away with the operation to a let's build Darren up.
Like, you gotta, if you care about Darren,
and I know you do, you gotta start building up that confidence
in both him and the Phillies.
They don't need any help building confidence in the Phillies.
The Phillies, I don't know if you guys know this.
I know you guys aren't big baseball men.
The Phillies, half robot, half of their league,
half of their bench is robotic.
Okay, so not like cyborgs, like half of them are 100% human.
Okay, there's some mixies in there.
There's some half and halves.
Half robot, half human.
Roy Halladay, 100% robot.
He's actually a pitching machine,
like one of those things that you see at batting cages,
only they had a wizard cast a spell on him
to make him look like a human being.
It seems like there should be rules against that.
There are rules against that.
Phillies are cheaters.
They live in a cheat city full of cheaters.
Fuck the Phillies.
So why is it that this guy is so down on his team?
Probably because he hates robots.
He knows that that's the future.
The future is all 100% robotic.
Oh, shit.
He feels bad that he feels like a traitor to flesh men.
Is that what you're talking about?
Because he's a flesh traitor.
He's a flesh traitor.
He's a flesh traitor.
Everybody should have been rooting for the Giants in that.
Brian Wilson, the real American hero.
He's not robot at all.
I hope that our fans who also know anything about sports
have enjoyed these past three minutes
because that's all you're getting.
We waited a year to give you this much
and you've got to wait another year
for three minutes of sports related riffing.
I almost never want to ostracize
entire just swathes of fans of our show.
Like, I love everybody.
But if you're a Phillies fan, you can go fuck off.
Okay, good.
Go find a different podcast.
This one's not for you.
Cool.
Okay.
I disagree with that.
In fact-
Robo-lover.
Can I ask one of the two internal advice questions
that I have for the show?
Yeah.
So this year, you know,
this is my second year living in Cincinnati
and I've decided to become a Reds fan.
Yeah, you did.
People have been giving me shit about that.
I'm like, you can't just become a fan.
Like, oh, you become-
Why not?
You absolutely can.
Yeah.
It's like, I live here.
I'm going to follow it.
It's not like I'm like rabid about it.
I'm not going to like go around and be like,
woo, Reds are the best.
I don't know anything about baseball, but-
Scraps, I think the problem you have is telling people,
hey, I'm about to become a Reds fan.
Coming up in a couple of weeks,
I think I'm going to become a Reds fan.
So look for that.
Look out for that.
It takes you a whole season of watching a ball organization
to like really grok what their style is,
to really grok their style.
And after that, you can be like, I'm a fan.
Like, I didn't give a shit about football
until I moved in with a huge Packers fan this year.
And so I started watching the Packers
and then they won the Super Bowl.
And now I'm a Packers fan,
which makes me look like a shithead.
Like-
Yeah.
But you had already picked your horse.
I had already picked my horse.
I had no idea what they were about.
Dude, the same thing happened to me with the Red Sox
with the first year that they won the World Series.
I lived that summer with a really huge Red Sox fan.
And then I was like, okay, now I like the Red Sox.
And then-
How are we-
Everybody gave me shit.
How are we not the most, like,
the richest sports gamblers in the world?
Yeah.
Well, because I mostly just bet on golf.
You're just a, you vote on McElroy.
He's crushing it.
He is crushing it.
He's like 11 under.
11 under on the 13th.
Okay, that's all I can,
I literally can't talk about sports anymore.
And he's only 21.
I'm dying.
This is killing me.
I was recently involved in a retail rage incident
over a parking space.
As it came to a head, it became very clear
this man wanted to punch me.
He didn't.
But that didn't stop me from thinking
about what I would do if he did.
My first thought was to instantly kick him in the balls.
But what do I do after that?
Borderline beaten up in Baltimore.
Good one.
In Baltimore?
See, they have a stellar baseball team.
I swear to God.
I swear to God.
It'll be my brother and me.
I just want to see it by Nickelodeon.
I want to take a second.
Okay.
I want to apologize to people who live in Philadelphia.
Okay.
A little over the line.
They're backpedaling now.
Your baseball team is all chips and wires.
And you know it.
Um, a ball kick is a pretty good-
I don't think that's a good opening salvo.
Ball kick, the problem is you got 30 seconds
where this guy could just wail on you
before that catches up with him.
Well, but also you gotta-
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Stop.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
30 seconds?
That's how long it takes for pain signals
to get from your balls to your brain?
There's a- it's a delayed response.
Have you not experienced this?
A ball kick doesn't take-
For me, it's like, it's like preeminent.
Like, I see the foot coming towards my balls
and I- I have phantom pains already.
Like, I-
There's a delay.
There's a definite delay there.
There are 30 seconds.
How slow are your- your balls wires?
What?
My balls wires are so fat.
Like, they're straight gold-plated wires
that goes straight to my brain.
Like nickel-cabbage.
Oh, you got it.
HDMI ball wires.
I'm working with a T1 connection on my balls wires.
I got a- my balls just got prodigy this year,
so they're taking a long time.
It's like 24 balls down there.
Here's the thing to think about.
It- you got to tell this story later.
Do you want to be the dude who leaves off the story with,
I kicked him in the balls.
I kicked him in the nutsack.
How often are you going to get to punch somebody
full off in the face?
I think that opportunity would be so rare.
You should just grab it.
I have never done it.
I don't think I've never-
I've never punched a-
I mean, we played lockjaw before, but I've never-
Yeah.
I've never-
Not like an anger.
Not like an anger.
You just punch somebody for fun, but I've never-
Straight up though, you will break your hand.
Like-
You think?
The human skull is, unless you get them like right on the cheek,
the human skull is basically like,
you know, an eighth inch of skin and then all bone.
You will break your hand.
Why not try to make a friend?
Why not just give him a hug and say,
listen, we're about to fight in this imaginary scenario I concocted,
but like, what if we get our next question is from a guy who says,
hey, I got into an argument with this guy and I almost beat him up,
but then I didn't, and I feel like the bigger man.
I hope he wasn't thinking about kicking me in the balls.
Yeah.
I'm getting married in June to his sister.
He's my best man.
I love him very much.
I love him very much.
Don't tell his sister.
We are in love over a parking space.
We fell in love because we hated each other so much over the parking space.
I say if you're committed to fighting the guy-
Samurai sword.
Samurai sword.
Act crazy.
Hit him with the flat edge of a samurai sword.
Don't cut him.
We would never endorse that.
Oh, start by just hitting him with the scabbard,
just like whack him once in the face, just to taunt him and be like,
that could have been the blade.
Walk away.
Walk away.
I have a sword on my hip, I guess, at all times.
I'm the kind of guy that rolls around with a sword tied to his waist.
Walk away, bro.
You know, you never hear-
When you hear somebody in the ER,
if you hear them in the ER and they get stabbed with a sword,
it's always a samurai sword.
You never hear like, he got stabbed with a midi.
No, it was pretty much a guy walking around with a katana,
and he just had it.
And if you see a guy like that, just walk away,
because he probably will-
Yeah, I would say they're towing on.
The katana is the official sword of crazy people.
Right, yeah.
I've never gotten in a fight before,
and I don't know if you guys have this fear that
the first time I get in a fight, I'll kill the man.
Sure.
Oh yeah, we've talked about this.
My giant ham fist will kill a dude.
I don't want to kill him.
Everybody who hasn't been in a fight assumes that
were they in a fight, or every man, I guess,
I would limit this.
I don't know if ladies think this way.
I hope not.
It's kind of terrifying.
Every guy who hasn't been in a fight thinks that
were they in a fight, they would be a lethal fight.
They would be-
Okay, I'm not even tapping into something deep.
Suddenly, the spirit would overtake them.
Something in them would flip.
I don't think that I'll launch a fury of punches at a person
that had such tremendous strength that it would kill him,
but what if my meager upper body strength,
what if I unleash that on somebody,
just my normal upper body strength,
but I hit them in just the right place,
and their heart explodes.
Whoa.
That can happen all the time.
What if I punch them in the brain,
and their brain stops working?
Or what if you punch them in the wrong place
and give them a boner?
What if you punch them and it makes you fully erect?
You have to live with that.
There's only one thing that gets me going.
I've been desensitized to everything else.
I have to punch a man in the face to reach full erection.
Griffin, you were moving up the ranks of the UFC very quickly.
What happened?
My career was cut tragically short
because I couldn't punch a man without getting a boner,
and they found it hard to get sponsorships after that.
That kept happening.
Rockstar Energy Drink pulled their endorsement
because they didn't like my fight boner.
Yeah, but Rockstar Iggy Pop left in there and wrote me a check.
He said he liked what I was doing.
He said it was kind of nuts.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by Kelly.
Thanks, Kelly.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Clarissa, who asks,
has anyone found any Jersey Shore fan fictions?
I have already looked on miba.com and fanfiction.net,
so is there any other sites or ideas on where to look?
I mean, those are the two.
Those are the main ones that I go to.
Here's the good news.
They're real people.
You can make fan fat.
You just go meet them and make it happen.
It's a good thing that I had a little bit of free time
before this episode because let me tell you, Clarissa,
there is indeed Jersey Shore fan fiction.
Fuck, get out of my way, bitch.
I yelled out my window at the ghetto ass hooptie
that was trying to cut me off.
I pulled my head back into the car
before taking a sip of my Red Bull.
I don't need any distractions or traffic.
I need to get to the Jersey Shore.
I had just drove into Seaside Heights
and I finally realized that people can't drive.
Honk, move.
Hey guys, my name is Rosalina Lee.
I'm 23 and I'm ready to party it up in the Jersey Shore.
I'm 50% Chinese, 50% Italian,
and 100% Guidette chick from New York City.
My name is Chi Chi for my Chinese heritage.
Every guy loves me, every girl's a hater.
I'm 5'3, hazel eyes, brunette, so sexy, isn't it?
How long is that story, Griffin?
That's like mad sexy.
That is so sexy, Chi Chi.
I mean, it's pretty good.
It's a pretty good length.
I'll just do a quick summary.
Yeah, does it get dirty?
Does it get-
She lights up with Nicole Snooki-Palazzi at one point.
They just fucking hit the town, tear it up.
Who's that?
It's Vinny.
Vinny's in the mix now.
Vinny, this is my girl, Chi Chi.
They're drinking.
Oh, Pauly's there.
He's DJing a hot set with an Italian dinner fam.
At an Italian family dinner party.
Whoa, they're at an Italian family dinner party with Chi Chi that Pauly's DJing?
Pauly is flipping on the ones and twos.
Vinny's in the mix.
What's that?
Who's that girl?
I've never seen the show, but I have to assume you're talking about Pauly Shore.
Yes, Pauly Shore is there.
It's a shame the situation couldn't make it out for this, did it?
Yeah, situation doesn't make an appearance, I'm sorry.
Yeah, okay, good, thank you.
What's the art?
What's the plot?
They go to this party.
They start finding codes in all of Da Vinci's paintings.
We gotta steal the Declaration of Independence, and then we gotta work out on it.
What?
That doesn't even make sense.
There's some really sweet flexes for your trikes and your dykes on the back of it.
You gotta check them out.
Really flex it out.
Check my trikes.
Check my trikes and my dykes out.
I learned from the back of the Declaration of Independence that you gotta get caught.
Gotta get diamond.
Did you guys know that Abraham Lincoln was the original of the situation?
Was he?
That's the truth.
That's how he'd summon the strength to end slavery.
It's because, do you know what his Jersey Shore name was?
Tell me.
The Emancipator.
The Emancipation.
The Great Emancipator.
What up?
Who's in the club?
It's the Great Emancipator.
Did you guys know that people, once you enter Jersey Shore, you get a new moniker?
Really?
Your name legally changes.
Well, you have to apply for it, and it usually takes like six to eight weeks before you get
it back.
There's a lot of bureaucracy involved.
You gotta go to shitty Ellis Island and change your name to something terrible.
What would your guys' Jersey Shore names be, do you think?
Me?
Mm-hmm.
Well, both of you.
The two people I'm talking to on this podcast.
I would get Perm, and people would call me the Ex-Perminator, but I would be, like,
uncomfortable about it because the word sperm is right in there.
It leaves the door open for some really just baseline low-hanging fruit ridicule that I
think I would probably regret the name pretty quickly.
Travis?
Travis, I would probably get a really strong fake tan and want to be called Orange Julius.
What about Philippe?
How many Philippes are running up in there?
See, that's the thing.
That's what I don't understand about Jersey Shore names is that they can flip from
the situation or Mr. Hardbody, like something completely out of this world crazy.
Is there not one goddamn sane person in New Jersey that goes, listen, you can't name
yourself the something.
Like, that is not something you can do.
You can't call yourself the situation.
Unless you're in the XFL, you can't just name yourself anything.
Right.
Unless you are a group of people.
If you are a group of people living inside one body, if you are Legion, then you become
the situation.
Look at that.
I have a situation over here.
My body is possessed by a squadron of demons.
But like changing your name, isn't changing your name sort of like saying you're going
to become a fan of this team?
Like, you've got to just do it and commit to it and then let people die.
You say, I'm now the situation.
Like, what I'm saying is if I walk into the club and say, hi, my name is Dr.
Frankenstein and let's crank it up, then the only people who are going to take me seriously
are people who are meeting me for the first time that evening and maybe not even them.
Definitely not even them.
Especially not them.
See, I think we've got to go the other route, which is if you move to Jersey Shore, you
can also change your name to something completely reasonable.
To something just like another name.
Like a different name that another person might have.
Like, oh, in Chicago, I'm Griffin, but once I get to Jersey Shore, I'm Antoine.
Right.
I would like my Jersey Shore name to be a situation.
You don't want it to be definitive.
No, I am one of any number of situations.
Hey, guys, when I get done selling myself at the Jersey Shore, you know where I like
to take a trip to?
Where to?
The money zone.
Man, you just took it right there.
Yeah, I was leaving.
I thought, don't you put like a liner there or something?
Some sort of music there.
I left the gap.
Who's taking us, sweet Griffin?
Uh, we have two people.
Two different distinct people and organizations taking us to the money zone.
The first one is Dawson's puberty cream.
Dawson's puberty cream.
Rub it on your parts.
Rub it on your throat.
It's not gonna crack anymore.
Dawson's for when it absolutely has to be hairy.
Is that echinacea?
Oh, that's delightful scent.
Bob Ball.
What?
Bob Ball.
What about him?
He's a professional.
I mean, he's your friend and mine, but.
He's a professional voiceover artist.
And people say, what is that?
Like, I don't know what that is.
You don't know what that is.
I'm an idiot baby child.
You're a fool.
Let me tell you.
It's when you talk, but you don't see the person.
That's a voice actor.
We haven't talked about it in a while, but like, if you listen to the show and at the
beginning of the show, you're like, who is reading that smooth, velvety warning at the
beginning of the show?
I always thought it was, I always thought it was the dragon from Dragonheart.
Did you?
Yeah.
Like not the, not Sean Connery, but the actual dragon.
The actual dragon whose voice they had to dub over.
Yeah.
Like Natalie Wood in West Side Story.
This dragon's super loud.
You keep it down, dragon.
We're just gonna replace you with Sean Connery.
That's it.
You would get a Bob Ball.
He does that.
He does voiceover dragon work, commercials, podcast intros, voicemails, whatever.
He'll do anything for you.
And he has a range, he says, from condamining to condescending, explanatory to exclamatory,
which that should probably be on his business cards.
On his everything.
He should tattoo that on himself, on his body.
Yeah, he can write.
He does sound effects.
He edited a video for us over at Joystick that was dynamite.
It was a lot of fun.
And his rates are reasonable.
And if you want to get a hold of him, it's Bob at BobBallVO.com.
And you can check out the website, BobBallVO.com.
And he's revamping that website.
So make sure you check it out.
Lots of interactivity.
Some games for the kids.
Go to the kids corner.
We'll send your kids to sleep.
Something for everybody.
And as a special, special edition, this week on Thursday, April 14th, his wonderful wife,
Michelle, it's her birthday and she will be turning 21 again.
So happy birthday, Michelle.
Now, also, this is a bi-lane.
There's a bi-lane we're taking also to the money zone.
Also, metagame theory.
Or as Travis here has written, meet game theory.
Theory.
You know, theory, theory.
Justin, do you know how hard it is to write an email when you're drunk at eight in the morning?
I do want you guys to know that traditionally,
how I build the question list is just mostly all just copy and pasting.
And I actually had to type that one in.
It was the one thing in this entire list I hand typed and I blew it.
metagame theory.com.
That's a podcast that explores the unique ability all games have to stimulate the mind.
Not just your thumbs.
See, I usually just feel it in my thumbs.
Is it because I don't listen to this podcast?
I don't know how to open myself.
You need to open your heart to the metagame theory.
I want to know how the games I play affect me psychologically, psychosomatically.
Okay, well, listen, if you want that, metagame theory is that for you.
But it's also a gaming channel.
It brings you strategy talk.
They got rants.
They got special guests, old friends, and theories that connect them all in the Medicaid.
This is a show.
This is the matrix of podcasts is the best way to describe it.
If you would be the one, you can find the show at metagame theory.com.
How much is it gonna cost me, Ditto?
$108 an episode.
Whoa, whoa.
Yeah, listen, that's pricey, but you got to think of everything you're getting for that.
You're getting competitive rants.
You're getting old friends.
Maybe get some new friends.
You're gonna learn things about games that you didn't know about.
Tetris is a brainwashing machine invented by the Russians.
Whoa, really?
Yeah, yeah.
They ended the Cold War with Tetris.
And you learned this at metagame theory.com?
Mm-hmm.
Well, not that, because it's a lie.
It's total phony baloney bullshit I just made up.
It just from whole class.
Actually, the show is entirely free, incredibly free.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the $108 thing, that was totally fallacious.
You're just like a lot of flim-flam from you today, I feel like.
Yeah, I'm a flamster.
This is true, though.
The first three people who go subscribe to the RSS feed on the site and then send an
email mentioning this ad are gonna get a free t-shirt.
Go.
Whoa.
Go rush.
Gird your stupid loins.
Go gird your stupid.
Why would you gird your loins with a t-shirt, Griffin?
I mean, it's diaper.
If it was free, I figured fuck it, right?
I made a diaper out of this metagame theory.com t-shirt.
But listen to that show, and maybe, oh, what if these two forces could get together?
What if Bob Ball could do voiceover for Metagame Theory, or as Travis has written here, meet
game theory?
That's the old tongue.
In the old tongue.
You've actually written Rob Tall here, too, which is weird, because that's not his name.
I'm Rob Tall.
I'm a voiceover fardist.
A voiceover fardist?
Yes, that's what I said.
And if you go to, maybe if the two of them go together, you'll hear a song that the two
of them will make, a jingle, if you will, that might sound a little something like this.
Gotta pop those nooks first.
His name is Bob, that's short for Robert.
His brother's name is Rob, that's also short for Robert.
One acts with voices, the other facts with voices, and they love each other very, very,
very, very, very much.
He's got the voice of a dragon, he's got the eyes of a marmot, he's got the soul of a man,
and the body of a man, but he's playing mind games, he's playing mind games, like the kind
of mind games you find at Metagame Theory.
I said the kind of the mind that you find at Metagame Theory.
Did I mention voice of the dragon yet?
Yeah, I think you got that.
Can you say something about the free t-shirt?
Can you work that in?
Yeah, okay.
Robert, Robert, what you wearing?
Robert, what you got on there, underneath that suit and tie, right against your chest.
Don't play it so close to the chest, gotta know what your t-shirt say.
It says metagametheory.com, and it was free.
I didn't pay anything for this t-shirt, I got it from my brother, who won a podcast contest.
The end.
That was wonderful.
I feel like I can get like four or five more verses out of that.
No, I don't think we need that many.
I don't think would be, I think, hey, this is kind of-
Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob,
Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob, Robin Bob,
they both have dragon voices, Robin Bob, Robin Bob.
Hey, this is an ironically timed question.
I am bored, unless I'm actually laughing at any moment, I am bored.
I think this is causing problems in all areas of my life, but especially trying to keep a man.
They're all just too boring.
How can I retrain my brain, says Allison, 29 and three fourths.
Sounds like you're leading the most boring life.
Yeah, what about some excitement?
Maybe put some Tabasco in your meals, both metaphysically and sort of literally.
Like put Tabasco on your soul?
Yeah, a little soul in your bowl, a little spice, spice in your life.
The spice is life.
Oh my God.
Why don't you throw some Tabasco on your man?
Ooh, you won't see that coming.
In his eyes.
You gotta keep it zesty, Allison.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
How's that sound?
That sounds pretty inspirational, doesn't it?
Stab myself in the stomach a little bit.
I'm starting to scare myself.
Just the tip.
Maybe men are, I mean, people are, can be kind of boring.
I think you need to think about this.
I'm gonna turn this around on you yet again.
Maybe chicks.
Hold on.
No way.
No way.
Stay with me.
I don't know why you're trying to usher in the apocalypse even faster.
We'll get there eventually.
Classic callback.
You gotta peel back the layers because everybody has something magical inside them.
Everybody has a little seed of magic.
You just gotta get to it.
Even the Bay Harbor butcher.
The Bay Harbor butcher, he has obviously a lot of love in his soul.
He just doesn't know how to let it out right without cutting women.
I don't want to be too counterproductive here, but you may want to just like,
I don't want to say lower your standards, but life isn't going to be
a constant rollercoaster of excitement.
Unless you work at King's Island.
Yeah.
There it is.
Get a job at King's Island.
Get a job at King's Island.
Ride the son of the beast every day.
Oh, too bad they closed that.
Well, that'll be especially scary because that is closed.
Yeah, it doesn't exist.
But that's good, man.
Fuck that rollercoaster.
That rollercoaster took my eye, I think.
Oh yeah?
You know, my eye's bad.
I think that rollercoaster scared my eye into not working.
Wow.
Something every day that scares your eye.
Think about this, Allison.
By leading a boring life, you've avoided having your eyes scared to the point of in operation.
As it happens all the time.
I read about it in the science journal.
How about a Yahoo?
Because I've got a lot of them.
Give me, give me, give me.
Oh, this will be good.
This one was sent in by Jacob Blocker, who's just the best guy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ice Cream Eater, who asks,
should I build a disco playhouse for kids in my backyard?
Yes.
Let me explain.
I had this idea in the back of my head for a while, and I liked a little advice.
And that's what we do here.
I myself was a 70s kid, and disco fever never died in my heart.
What if I built a mini Studio 54 in my backyard?
I could get a disco ball, a stereo for my old record player, and a Pixy Stix vending machine.
I'd love to dress my kids up like 70s celebrities like John Travolta, Barbara Streisand, Mick Jagger,
and such, and make them dance and have fun.
Should I go through with the idea?
Hey, you fucking kids.
Hey, you fucking kids, you don't look like you're having fun.
We're gonna make you have fun, Babs.
I'm gonna make you have fun.
Little Babs, dance with little John.
Have fun.
Do your best, Jagger, because you're Mick Jagger.
Do it.
Snort this Pixy Stix.
Snort it.
That's what he means, right, by Pixy Stix?
Oh, Christ, yes.
What colors should the inside of the disco playhouse be painted?
Should the disco playhouse have windows or no windows so it's dark inside?
Yeah, I think-
What is the color of massive amounts of psychological suffering?
That's really gonna-
Puse?
What color would you paint the inside of the disco playhouse door?
If the disco light's disco ball is turned on and me and the kids are dancing,
would it be better to have curtains at the entrance of the disco playhouse to block out
any outside light or no curtains and close the door?
I think-
Holy fucking shit!
Jesus Christ!
Which is the one that keeps Jesus out?
Is that curtains or is that a door?
Cause if he could see, he's gonna kill you instantly and take you to hell.
Himself.
And he doesn't like to go down there.
Wow!
So-
Dog.
You-
Dog!
No.
No windows.
No.
You owe it to your-
Your brood.
Your ruined brood.
No windows.
To make sure that their fucking friends, their cohorts in elementary school,
aren't gonna see them dressed up in polyester jumpsuits and snorting pixie sticks with their dad!
It's too late!
Their dad-
Their dad inside!
You killed him already!
Their dad inside and outside if you let them snort pixie sticks in a tiny Studio 54 you
built in your backyard!
Hey, I know I only get you kids on the weekends, but listen.
Listen, look what I've been working on all week.
Uh, I've been working on a discotheque for you and your little-
Do your friends want to come?
You want to have your little friends come?
Dad, we're 26.
We're 26 years old, dad.
You know, you know, I heard your friends talking about how much you love the Gap Band and I
was just, oh, that's a conversation that never happened, nor will it ever.
God, I miss the 70s.
Yeah, I miss the 70s too.
Hey, do you guys want to make a wild cherry reunion group?
Like, we'll get a wild-
Little Wild Cherries is what we'll call it.
Motherfucker.
How- Okay, no windows, no doors, no walls.
Don't do it.
No problem.
No problem.
You never had- I know- Listen, I've had some fucking stupid ideas too, okay?
I'm there with you.
Like, I've had some ill-advised notions that my wife has had to dispel me of.
Uh, I tried to order my own dinner once.
That did not go well, for example.
The, this, or is it great?
Like, I want it to be going on in the world that I live in, I just don't like the idea
of it happening to real people.
Yeah, I don't like the idea of a dad, like, consulting with his children, like, should
there be a fuck room?
Like, dad?
Daddy?
Should we just have a, like a champagne, a champagne re- like a champagne tent, maybe?
This is the slick, this is the stupid slide.
It's coated in vodka.
This is crazy, tonight.
I think that you're never too young to indulge in all of your mind and heart's bacchanalian
desires.
Unless the only party guests have the same last name as you.
In which case, you're always too young- It's just gonna be me and the kids, partying
like it's 1973.
The kids- No.
The kids punked out at, like, 1030.
They went inside and watched Babar.
But I stayed there just twirling, just wildly twirling to the sound of Donna's Lover.
Just twirling, hoping that if I spin fast enough, I'll reverse the rotation of the earth
and travel back in time to grown-up Studio 54, to adult Studio 54.
You know, the one good thing about this is you're really gonna prepare your kids, because
for the rest of their life, they can always, like, no matter how sad or weird things get
for them, they can always say it's neither the saddest nor weirdest thing.
They've never been a party to.
And when your kid becomes the Bay Harbor Butcher and they're constantly trying to peel people's
faces off, they have a pretty justifiable reason for why they are that way.
Hey, I just want to say, I don't want to creep you out, but I think you're beautiful.
Can I teach you how to roller skate?
Will you come to Lil' 54 with me?
We're going to Lil' 54.
I hear Lil' Elton John is there, playing Lil' Crocodile Rock.
The kids love it.
It turns out to be really fucking fresh, though.
What if it's dope and every kid wants to get in?
What if it's dope and everyone wants to be your kid's friends because of it?
They have to stand behind a tiny velvet rope and have sex with the tiny doorman to get
in.
Stop it.
That's not good.
You're weirding me out.
That is what will happen.
I hadn't seen the movie in there, a movie called, like, Just 54, and it's just like
Mike Myers and Ryan Phillippe.
Mike Myers is in it, and they're just, like, fucking in big pits of bubbles all the time
when the bubbles are made of LSD.
Yeah.
And then, like, three flamingos are there.
What if the dad is the only one that gets coked out, and he just, like, rolls around
the dance floor welcoming kids to his party?
Welcome to my party!
Welcome.
Welcome to Lil' 54.
Michael's over there in the corner if you want to go play with him.
What do you mean I can't get in, Lil' Bouncer?
I made this place.
I built this out of my own two hands.
I am Lil' Studio 54.
That's so little.
You can't cut me out, David.
We built this together one weekend.
If you remember.
If this happens, can everybody, can we crowdsource this and just say, everybody, go outside,
look in your backyard, look in your neighbor's backyards, and if you see this, can you just
call me?
I'll give you my number.
I need to know.
It's been a really rough month, and I could really use this in my life right now.
Hey, I want to hear Griffin's last question, but first, a few housekeeping things.
If you haven't gotten tickets to our live show yet in Chicago, that's going to be next
Sunday, you know, six days from today, I guess, 10 o'clock, us, Dan Telford, Jordan Jesse
Goh.
It's going to be huge.
We've sold about half the tickets.
They're only 12 bucks, so if you want to go bring a crew, it's going to be a lot of
fun.
When can they get tickets?
Is that a good time, right, or you can go...
We will...
There's a couple links on the MaximumFun.org.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll tweet blast it, too, when this episode goes up.
You can check out, but make sure you get tickets to that.
Like we said, they're only 12 bucks, and it'll be a lot of fun.
MBMAM.com is our website.
That's where you can go to listen to other episodes of the show.
The ways you can ask us questions are there.
MBMAM.com.
It's at MaximumFun.org, MBMAM, MBMAM at MaximumFun.org.
One year, guys.
One year.
One year we've been doing this, and you can't get the URL correct.
I'm sorry.
It's that hyperlink.
Any Twitter people we want to say hi to?
I mean, who's been talking up the show?
Dan Rogers took his MBMAM shirt to go see the Pixies.
I'm sure Frank Black saw it and thought, hey, looking good.
There goes my favorite podcast.
I Am Ben Kendrick is throwing a pack your bags and move away going away party.
A theme there.
We like that.
Where's it going away to?
I don't know.
Cool.
They're leaving New York.
Momohine has caught up on all the back episodes, even with her aching teeth.
Aw.
I know.
Our show is best appreciated when you still got like a little nitrous buzz.
Go ahead.
From the dentist.
MBMAM.com.
You can also you'll see a link to the forums there, lots of good discussions and growing.
We're there all the time talking with people.
So make sure you stop by and say hello and make sure at the live show.
If you come, you know, send us questions now and maybe we'll get at the live show and let
us know.
Say, hey, I'm going to be in the live show.
And here's my question.
And also make sure to stick around afterwards because we'll probably go get schwaisted.
It's going to be my fucking birthday.
Everyone's going to be there.
My dad's going to be there.
It's going to be dope.
We're going to party.
We're going to party with my dad.
It's going to be sick.
It's going to be sick.
It'll be like a little 54 again.
It's going to be a tiny baby 54 for me.
It's going to be like big, tiny 54.
We're going to have pixie sticks.
As far as the eye can see, we're going to snort them.
My dad's going to be there.
It's going to be sick.
Seriously though, all kidding aside, it's been a year we've been doing this.
Thank you guys so, so much.
I know we say thank you a lot, but I really mean it.
I don't think we mentioned this on the show last week, but we broke a million downloads.
Broke a million downloads.
It's just because you guys have been so super cool and supportive.
Thank you for spreading the word in our first year.
Please keep talking to people about the show because that's how we've grown.
It's why we're still doing it because you guys have been so cool and supportive and
everything.
And thank you.
We really appreciate it.
I love you.
So Griffin, hit me.
I'm ready.
This one is a final question for episode 50, sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jay who asks, how to do extreme couponing?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Go wear them ellipses.
