The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era me
I'm your oldest brother just McElroy. Oh this guy over here. I'm in the middle. It's brother Travis McElroy
I gotta take my socks off. Whoa, I can't can't sleep in socks. Can't do podcasts in socks. It's Griffin McElroy
You know Griffin I do that, too
yeah, and
Sometimes I only make it through one song as I'm like recording take off one song and then I'm out in the house
That's my wife. My wife is like, where's your other socks? I'm like, I don't know baby. We all have these
Ceremonies, don't we? We all we all have these rituals. Don't we to make don't we?
Being ants marching, you know, yeah
Doolin days, baby. Oh shit. We didn't do that before. Sorry. One of our rituals is that we do sing
We call it Doolin Dave's
Yeah, we accidentally did it on stage one time. We had to pay mr. Matthews in his outfit
$50,000. Yeah
Hey guy, can I just say normally we talk before the show about what our introduction is gonna be but I don't even think
that we
That we need to do that this
Because there has been such knit. Well, I will say this because it we didn't talk about it. We are recording so this
Decision
So we might as well lean into it no, do you guys realize
that within a week-long span we the hosts of my brother my brother and me are getting a
Quantum leap reboot. Yeah, sure and the Santa Claus reboot both of those franchise ones an announcement ones are released
Both in one week. Are you kidding me over here? Our cup runneth o'er. What do you want us to talk about the fact that you're
Making more quantum leap that may or may not have a gushy presence
Well, it'll be there Justin it might be an undercurrent it might be implied gushing
I mean, I'll say this if I'm watching
If I'm watching yeah, he's very deeply in love with that
but if I'm watching quantum leap Mondays on NBC, you know, there's gonna be a
gushy presence
Know what I'm saying your your wife Rachel is a corner bleep
Abacula fan a freak for her did her reaction
Is there any way her reaction could to hearing about the reboot could have lived up to your expectations?
For the thrill that she would experience is having the quantum leap project back in full operation
I think we have yet to watch it. She is I think suspended in a state of terror
That it won't it won't hit you know that it won't that it won't be gushy enough
Then it won't be gushy enough or maybe they'll mess up the legacy like so they bring up. Dr. Sam Beck and he's like
I actually he was in prison
Yeah, entire life for him. Yeah, and he's a monster. What if what if they combined the two?
What if they're in a shared universe and at one point the quantum leap shows?
I mean, I hope so that would be wild if two different people figured that out
No, Justin the new leapist leaps into the Santa Claus the leper. Yeah. Thank you. The leopard jumps into
The body of the Santa Claus. That's funny. And he's so he's like beating
The shit out of Martin shorts Jack Frost and then he like wakes up and he's just killed
What he must think is the real Martin short and then yeah, and then he's like whoopsie
Which is the new thing is in the reboot
And then you get the if that theme song if that theme song is not just a soaring
ba ba ba ba ba da da da scab skiddy doo then
There's the then there's God is dead and that's what I'll say about that's all that's my only thing that I'll say about it
Let's talk about Santa Claus's though, cuz I think we've held off long enough
That was a good discussion of quantum leap, but I think everybody here wants to talk about the Santa Claus's coming to Disney
Plus, it is a series. There's so much meat on the bone. It could be contained in one episode
So this this show yeah show of the Santa Claus's is about like a
Santa is talking in the trailer for this. We see him talking to Peyton Manning about becoming Santa Claus
but what he means is like a game designer he meets like a game designer who comes up to the North Pole with his family and
I think he
So he's he and now he's looking for a replacement
So like I know I know what the Santa Claus is about
Whoever kills Santa takes over a Santa that's not a goofy came up with for the show
That's what happens in movie is Tim Allen actually kills Santa and then he has to be Santa forever
So Travis if I may what what this show is about is about Santa Claus trying to get Peyton Manning
To be the one that kills it. I think yeah
I'm on I'm on all the Santa Claus forums as you know, and our theory
Yes, what we're talking about is the possibility of he's arranged some kind of like flatlining scenario
Where it's like I will die for a moment medically die
I'll be medically brain-dead and then you're gonna resuscitate me, but the moment will have passed
You'll be the Santa Claus and I'll be free to go back to being a shithead
Shithead Scott Calvin free from this horrible morality curse that I was given
I can go back for like voting for Trump and just like loving
Being conservative politics. It doesn't work though. What we get is to Santa's one's a regular Santa
And the other is a demented Santa that can remember hell and that is I don't like that at all
I do like that though. If this show is just I'm guessing it's not Timothy. I'm
Yeah, it is Timothy. Okay, so
They already took Buzz Lightyear away from him Griffin. They're not gonna take Santa to it's got Laura San Giacomo as a Christmas witch
It says here do like that
But oh, I wanted to say a thing go say your thing
I want to hear it Griffin if this show is just Timothy Allen trying to trick Peyton Manning into killing him for
For a 12 episode season
If it's just Peyton Manning starts his car and he turns on the rearview camera and sees Tim Allen just lying behind his car
He's like
Oh
There's so many houses and the presents are so big he stands up
He's like, oh you got me this time Peyton
And then when Peyton pulls out in the driveway Tim Allen tries to throw himself in front of the car
Like you're gonna make me late for football practice
Is it Peyton Manning as himself?
Peyton Manning as himself? Yeah, Peyton Manning as himself and Santa's like, please kill me. That's the only way he can become Santa. That's the only way he can take over.
Here's what Tim here's what Timbo said about this at the D23 Expo. I need money
Hilariously due to the confluence of Buzz Lightyear. I mean they're out of the Buzz Lightyear business
But he can still be Santa. There's a new Buzz Lightyear in town, but Timbo's still I guess that they're they're working it out
Here's the quote from Tim
You people made me
Said Allen we asked where he decided to reprise the character
We thought about this for a long time
The only way I would do this is if they answer some of the background they answer the questions. Yeah
What Tim is saying is like that he adds you guys are gonna dig it. So what he's saying is like
He wants to get into the mythos. That's the only way really dig it into the dirt of Santa
I'll give you some hard examples that are literally from this article among the questions
It will be answered are why mrs. Claus doesn't have a first name
The history of Santa. Hold on. Wait, is that syntax?
Good
The sentence is among the questions that will be answered are why mrs. Claus doesn't have a first. Okay, okay
Okay, the history of Santa and whether there has been any human children at the North Pole
Well, first of all, yes. Yeah, we already know cuz Max we saw in like the first episode episode movie
But also hey, hey
They're episodes to the Santa Claus is a 12 episode series pretty bold
That the Santa Claus which don't get me wrong has already established the murder lineage lore is like, hey
I think we're the ones who should put this in our hands. We've already established it goes Santa to Santa through bloodshed
We're gonna talk about why mrs. Claus doesn't get a first name and you know
Timbo with all of his open-minded progressive values is definitely gonna do a delicate job
Handling why his wife doesn't get a first name
Yeah, he's gonna do he's gonna be fucking funny. I think we're all are we ready? Are we ready? I don't know
The balls in our court, isn't it?
Well, they canceled last man standing because of his conservative values as far as he's concerned, right?
And then Disney was like, you know what? We've actually been a little too progressive lately been getting a lot of good press for that
Let's rope in some of those guys. Let's bring in some of your
Fellows. Oh, you know, they're gonna be deep and and rambunctious these
These Santa grunts. Oh, man now he's Santa grunts the sound he's gonna make or the fans of the Santa Claus
Okay, that's all the that's actually as much as I can gin up
Pretending to
Enjoy, I will just say in closing. Happy David Krumholtz is working. Yeah
Agreed there everyone make David Krumholtz work more
No matter what he says and no matter what the work is just make David Krumholtz work for you
Hey, it's time for nature to start healing itself make David Krumholtz work for you
Too long have you worked for David?
Digging up his movies watching them
Now I have to return the favor David Krumholtz has a van and he's ready to work
I work in IT for a local bank outside of work. I wear hats
baseball caps or snapbacks I
I think of snapbacks as baseball caps, but I'm trying to make this anyway every day
Hats are not not allowed per our corporate dress code
But my boss seems pretty chill and I think as long as I get my work done
She maybe wouldn't care. Can I start wearing a hat to work?
Or is there a way I could test the waters before fully committing that's from uncovered in, Utah County
Can we
Just
Overthrow
This whole thing. Yeah hats. It's time
Right if if we we've been doing this for a while. Yeah, and I like to think of the work as being important
It bums me out that someone has to ask if they could please wear a hat to work
that feels like it's it is your head and unless you I I don't know what unless you're a
Dentist like if I look up at my dentist is wearing like an Ashton Kutcher
Like on Dutch like a Von Dutch Ed Hardy hat or he's wearing like a fedora
I'm gonna say if you're in the medical field keep it
bare up there
It literally anything else
No, you're there. That's incorrect. Okay
Let's really put this to the test Griffin if you want to talk about it
If you've got okay, sure you go to me ma's funeral. There's a field director. Thank you so much for coming
Please ignore my federal body inspector hat now. Hold on. Okay, there's a difference
I would say any any any sorry about my hat. I love the Chargers my dad's from San Diego
I got no
But this is a perception thing just I'm not an inherent thing because I think what Griffin saying is if we swung at it
Hard, right? Yes, there would be some
Adjustment period right where you'd be like
But then after let's say two years, maybe it's fine funeral. This is like a really long funeral
Why have I been there for two years? Well, no, some funerals are gonna fall by the wayside
Some funerals you're gonna have to put in the L column at first
Yeah at first that'll be all anybody talks about and then it's like so commonplace for field directors to be wearing baseball caps
Do we have one industry at a time or do we just have to accept that?
There's gonna be a month or two of utter calamity as we all adjust to the new normal
Except except for dentists. No
No, I want the hat put the hair that's what I'm saying
Get it behind you because here's the thing Griffin what you're ignoring and I think everybody who outlaws baseball cash is ignoring is the baseball
Cap as a prop because imagine this the dentist comes in they got their hand on and then they look at you and they're like
All right, turn it backwards. Let's get down to business
Yeah, and you're like, oh fuck this is serious or like the tip of the cap or they like doff it
Can't have a bill if you're Dennis cuz you're gonna they have this big gnarly light
I don't know if you guys been to one but they got a big light and in a minute. Yeah
I've been a little bit right in a minute. I'm gonna need a dentist. I need a dentist to look at my teeth
Um, hey, what's it my dog? Oh, man. Never I my daughter I took with our the dentist recently and Charlie
Had a cavity a man I felt like such a turd cuz it really kids that's on you
Yeah, it's not them. It's not them
I've been using COVID-19 as a reason and I have to go to the dentist
But then like the further we get obviously it's still clear and present danger
But it is it's hard to look at the 19 in that and not go like it's been three years. I should get someone to
Get in there and sort of do some stuff. I love going to the dentist. I love going to the next
Well, let's say that the question about baseball cap. So inevitably we've ended up talking about Travis's feeling on dentist
In fact, you know what?
I might go ahead and use my old older brother veto power to say I don't want to hear your feelings about Dennis
Okay, what do you think? Can I get a quorum? Yeah, we have a quote. Okay, that's fair. That's fair. That's fair. No
Oh bad news. I've just been captivated by curiosity
Travis's feeling on Dennis and when he denied me now, it's all I can think about
I like the professional certainty of this is the cleanest your teeth could possibly be if it were up to me
I go to the dentist once a month because listen, I know myself even when I'm doing my quip two-minute brush every four sides
Don't give them free promotion. There's no way I'm doing as good a job
As someone who professionally studied to make my teeth
You're like god these feel so clean. How was I content a moment ago? How was I content?
There's more space between the teeth somehow. How the fuck did you do that? Anyways? Yeah
I'm just saying Dennis or magicians clip hasn't actually sponsored us in a minute
So if we could actually say more stuff about equip, I'm just saying clip is great
This is a new trick. This is a new technique. I'm working on. Yeah catch more flies with honey
also
Tremendous tremendous start doing the ads first
Yeah, maybe they pay you for a maybe break them off a sample of it
And then if they like the sample they can come have more we had an idea wants to do
well, I had an idea nobody liked it to do a
Jurassic Park Fallen Kingdom sponsored episode and then ask for ask Universal for the money afterwards
I do the episode celebrate it give all the plugs, but then just be like whatever you think is fair. Yeah
You know
I think I think would be a good system the aspect of this question that I think we haven't touched on that
I really want to dive into is how do they ramp up to wearing a hat?
Right. Do they just dive in one day come in wearing a hat and like wait for the boss to say something or is there?
A way to be like, oh that hat
I don't know how that got here. I guess I could put it on wouldn't that be weird something?
Like is there a way to dance around it engage your boss's reaction?
I mean, okay, so you could come in there is an escalation here that we haven't addressed which is
Start with a fascinator little guy and then maybe if it's I mean, it's pretty maybe
Appropriative but like a yarmulke just increase that would be appropriate if Griffin. I don't
Area of the head maybe and then you work your way up to like a toboggan
Or a to beanie what?
And then like, you know, maybe
Very good baseball cap, but the bill is only like one inch deep and then you just a real chode of a big
Real showed and then you just expand. Holy shit. Is it okay when we talk about merch?
We usually talk about
Designs that go on merch. We don't talk about bold new
directions in hat technology
innovating I'm talking about a baseball cap a
Chode ball cap, but with just a one inch front brim that just bear it doesn't do anything
but you can wear it as a
transition
Into a full baseball cap lifestyle
there's a person a very good person named Sarah McKay whose job it is to listen to the things we say and then turn them into
Physical objects like she's out of me like outcome. Yes
It's incredible if you've bought anything from us in the past couple years
You have the Sarah McKay thing
I can only imagine the terror in her deep down in her bones hearing us say like in any way
It's a baseball cap with a chode you sort of villain anyway, because in her mind there's a timer
It's like if they talk about this for ten more minutes. It's going to heaven
I hope please God let them get distracted. Okay alternately. Oh, man. I'll come in with a huge. Yes
Huge fucking hat same page same page same page and then they're like you can't wear that
I'm like, well, I have this smaller one I could wear
It just says like it's the words opening offer or printed in like yeah. Yeah, it's not like this is my the beginning of negotiations
This is what I call a turbo sombrero
And if you want if you don't like this because I'm hitting people in the office with it every time I move my head around
Maybe you'd find this more except no, how about this choke? How about this chode ball cap? I do gosh
This is so embarrassing. Well, I do have one thing
I do have one more that you might like one more that you might enjoy you heard this. I have one for you, too
Do you like podcasts?
only chode ball caps have the
Good quality don't get don't get store-brand chode ball caps. Oh
What imagine being a hateful person that just had a regular red hat?
Here's the problem
If we invent the chode ball cap, we're gonna have to invent chode ball. And I don't think maybe that's just baseball
but the bat is
Trey if you're listening the base
I know you guys like the word chode
We have in the last five minutes and guys if you're not sold yet
How's this it you chode balls and now now we've now that's jokes on jokes on jokes. We like it
Hey, how about a wizardly?
Approach to things Chloe sent this one in things like it's it's a wiki how article and
It is how to scat
how to scat
Scatting or scat singing is when you sing not
Scatting no one's ever said scat singing in their entire feel confident enough to say that
No, probably not. It's the ultimate creative
Spontaneous expression for a vocalist allowing them to play on melodies and solos. You can't have in pre-written lyrics. I
Could pre write a scat I bet
Okay, yeah, I'm just saying I could sit down at the typewriter and just be like scoot
Scoot scoot scoot scoot scoot up. I'm gonna start with a scat
Okay, listen to the whole article like and see if we can improve it
Okay, no, no stop I'm gonna stop you already I'm gonna stop you already okay, don't say scooby-dee
Well, no, you just did the intro to I'm the scat man. Okay, okay
Let me try
Okay, so now we're doing
Scat man. Oh, I need something new. Okay, let me try something new and fresh. Okay, okay
scatting
There's a lot of room
I think you did you did get dangerously close to the corn riff again, which boys
I'm pretty sure every episode for the last like five episodes has had a heaping help in a corn
I need to get that on my soundboard. Don't I? Yeah, okay, so
getting used to
Okay getting used to scatting use improvised syllables and sounds to scat over instrumental tracks
That's fun because it does it doesn't even say
You know over over songs. It says instrumental tracks so you could take you know
Yeah, the Moonlight Sonata and just be like scoop scoop scoop
Scoop scoop, dude, if that's where you need to start. You got to start with
I think you guys are saying I think you guys are saying boop like way
Way too much duty that duty that duty daddy duty. No, you're saying duty dad
Do you think duty dad over again? You're right. You're right. You're right
Practice call and response with scat singers and instrumental lines. I like that. Yeah, the problem is they don't always leave room
For a deposit. Yeah, so when so you turn on scat man, and he hits you at that school
and then you pause it you're like
There's no fucking way. No, it's just he was so fast. There is no way it's what they're saying like you should
You should play regular scat records, and then it's just like a fine places to like slip in a little bit
Well, you get that you get those moments in songs where it's like screw
You know what I mean not a lot of songs these days though you might have to look for some older
They're not throwing that a lot in there Harold stylish isn't throwing in a lot of scat breaks which by the way
I don't want to give notes because obviously I'm not a musician but maybe maybe think about it start with simple
rhythmic syllables focusing on melody instead of new sounds as you begin improvising your own scattered line start with a couple of
Accepted in quotes scat words and syllables simple percussive noises are the easiest way to start using sounds like Bob beep
Ski do etc. But remember ski do but
That's really good we're improving remember that you're not gonna say anything you're playing with musical notes
Oh words, okay
The musical scale made famous in the sound of music is a great place to start do re mi fa so la ti do I'm pretty
sure
That existed before sound of music, but I actually don't know I actually are you confident?
Okay, accent modulate and have fun with your syllables
Oh things like change the volume singing like bop bop and then tone like bop
How do you
Perhaps the most important pitch is how high or low your notes
So you said I don't know
No, I'm sorry, I that was my theme song for the show Doug serious
Practice with a metronome or an instrumental track to help you stay on time. That's fun
I worry you could develop some bad habits that way if you do it with a metronome
We're just like ski ski ski ski ski ski ski be but what about when you're in front of an audience
You're like, all right, everybody clap your hands. Nope a little faster. No, two four two four, please two four. Thank you
Yes, good. If you guys want me to scat fast, you got to do it in 16 time
Skip scott scott scott introduce a little okay, so in Corvin that sounded like a like a scatting troll in like a
C&C
Introduce a little rhythmic variety with doublets and triplets is doublets. I've is doublets
That's two of something
Doublets are simply two sounds thrown quickly together. Okay, ah and triplets are three sounds beep-de-bop
Instead of using straight quarter notes where you have one sound per beat one two
Three four start stringing together these other phrases leaving spaces in between them for a bouncy swingy feel. Okay, I under I understand this
So sort of like you would say like goo-goo-gah-gah-gah Griffin. How's it coming with you?
Can we hear I feel like you've been talking so much. We haven't heard much of your psych. Sure
I'm square. Wow. I like the squay at the end. That was good. Yes way is an advanced
I did a master class on that one
Oh with who yeah, who taught it. Yeah, please speak on that scatman crothers. Whoa, you got him
Got a look at his dad quick to see if he's dead gonna do a quick search
He died before I was born
You took a master class with the ghost
Yeah, he was born in 1910 it would be crazy if he was still alive that was one
How did you how did you live so long scatman crothers
Scatting is a young I learned that as long as you whenever you're scatting you're not aging
Just on his death
Oh the angel of death zooms in through the window and he's just like skips got good leap above skips
Go ahead. He's like shit. I can't get him right now
So, uh, oh is that it no, there's there's a little bit more uh, get a little swing behind your scatting
We just did that learn the chord progressions to improvise like a jazz singer. That's too much work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, I'd rather music just change to fit what I'm doing, right?
Scat through your vocal solos to bridge classical singing and scatting. That's cool
so you could be singing like, you know, like
Rolling in the deep
Skip this cop cops keep it up up up. Well, I should have picked a song that I knew more than four words
Yeah, when I started that exercise, that's a very Jason Mraz move and frankly, I'm here for it
I once saw that dude perform live
10-minute one song jazz odyssey. I was incredible. Fuck
underappreciated artists
Mr. A to Z though, he you know when he was playing in the high team
I was directing a children's theater production of Superman. He told the audience ghost a ghosty Superman
I don't know how you really he did. He really he did that. Mr. A to Z. Appreciate you. Thank you, Mr
Z. Let me get a quick Google in here for him
I think he's okay. Yeah
He's alive still definitely yep, which is a good start he alive and
Okay, looking good Jason looking good. Yeah, thank you Jason to the cannon
There's the McElroy brothers temporary stamp of approval. Well, welcome Jason
We are conducting some some more background deep background work. You've joined the pantheon of 13 different people that we have deemed it
Okay to joke about and we should say right now
Recording this episode. It's 10 57 a.m. Eastern Time, Thursday, September 15th
2022 just to hold up the newspaper in front of that statement
Here's some sports scores for events that are happening right now
Get a little weird with tone voice and coloring. That's fine. Yeah, that's it. So I think that that's obvious though
I think it'd be weird to be like, well, I love skiing singing scat, but I like to keep it pretty vanilla
I don't I to mix it up would be I would that would put me out of my comfort zone, frankly
Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I mean you're a novice at scatting. So who are you to come in and tell everyone?
Hey, you're doing it wrong. Let me go. Let me let me show you how it's how to do it better
Okay, now Justin now that we've had the full thing and you're warmed up. Can we hear where you're at now? Yeah, sure
I thought we were about to do a Hanna doll watch. Yeah, I mean I love your scat. That was good
That was a thematic reference. That was like a thematic. I was trying to like it was clever. It was playful
It was playful, clever, way too many bops, but it's
But you can but it takes you got to extend your vocabulary. Okay, let me try it now
Boo boo bah
Boo boo bah bah bah bah boo boo bah
Boo boo scooty daddly scooty da
They are the gummy bears
You saw the moment where you Travis realized he had been saying booba for like four whole bars
And he was like, I got to say something else and he came in with a scootaly scoot
Hey Travis, it's you aren't you need to keep practicing. I'm only on level two. I'm still singing along with other songs
Yeah, but Justin escalated it during this segment. I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm not as good at Justin. It's scatting Griffin
We've had this conversation you had every opportunity to improve in the same
That was for you to heat like just step-by-step
Step-by-step, yeah
He did that and then I did
Listen, what were you doing? Were you playing video games?
No, I was looking at theme songs from Disney cartoons that I could scat along to I wish you would take anything seriously
Well, that's not how I live my life. I'm kind of like the Patch Adams
Lot of beeps and bops but it's good. It's interesting. It's interesting. I'm worried Justin stuck in scatting now
Let's go the money zone
I want to say thank you a big. Thank you to babble for
Sponsoring our show. They've very prominently listed the languages that they support on this incredible app
Apparently maybe we've made some up in the past. Yep. They don't necessarily do
I don't know why we talked about Klingon so much that one time and I'm really sorry
But let me tell you about the real babble not the pretend one you
Want to learn a language? Maybe it's for work. Maybe it's for fun. Maybe it's a little extra practice at school
Whatever, but maybe it's to win a bet
You need a fun way of doing it or you're not gonna stick with it. And that's where babble comes in
It's a language learning app that sold more than 10
Million subscriptions if you can find 10 minutes a day, you can complete one of their little bite-sized lessons
Start having real conversations in a new language. Isn't it as little as three weeks, which I think is
Pretty impressive. I mean
Say no more with babble
You are going to be learning a new language and you're gonna be doing it in a bite-sized way that fits into your schedule
So you will stick with it and right now you can get up to fifty five percent off your subscription
When you go to babble comm slash my brother, that's babble comm slash my brother for up to fifty five percent off your subscription
babble
language for life
Like we're life
Squarespace is excited to sponsor my podcast
Squarespace is excited to sponsor my podcast our podcast I guess
Squarespace is excited for us and they're excited for you to to come
Hear about them. They're an all-in-one platform for building your brand and growing your business online
Your website is not on Squarespace. You said
It stinks. Oh, you're wasting your time. You're wasting my time
You and you're falling in with all the other sheeple. You're falling with a bad crowd
We're worried about you. I'm worried about you
stand up
For yourself with a wonderful with a beautiful website
engage with your audience for the bullies of the website you made and sell anything and everything your
Products content you create even your time like in that move that Justin Timberlake movie. Oh
Yeah, or Logan's run
So here's every Squarespace website an online store comes with a suite of
integrated features and useful guides because the features don't mean
anything if the if you don't if you don't know how to use them so the useful guides are there and they're like
Here's how to use these integrated features and what that's gonna do is when people search for
You know
Like I don't know
tobacco scented
whatever mouth
Daffy duck feet pics
Daffy duck feet pics from famous cartoon ducks
Yeah, you're gonna maximize your prominence among the results that come up when nasty
Nasty freaks. Look at that stuff
so you also can sell your
Duck foot pics on an online store if you want they need to probably be
OCs and not yeah, we're talking about some duck foot NFTs
So whether you sell physical or digital products Squarespace has the tools you need to start selling online
I made myself sad
Sure, they may they have powerful blogging tools, you know what a blog is
So go to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother and you're gonna
Save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Oh my gosh, hi
I'm Dave Holmes host of the pop culture trivia podcast troubled waters on troubled waters
We play games like motivational speeches that goes a little like this Riley
Give us an improvised motivational speech why people should listen and subscribe to troubled waters
I look around this ad and I see a lot of potential to listen to comedians such as Jackie Johnson and Josh
Gondelman and they need you to get out there and listen to them attempt to figure out sound rebus clues or
Determine if something is a Game of Thrones character or a city in Wales. I have chills
I'm gonna give you 15 points all that and so much more on troubled waters
Find it on maximum fun org or wherever you choose to listen to podcasts
Hey there beautiful people, I'm travail Anderson and I'm Jared Hill
We are the hosts of fan tie the show where we have complex and complicated
conversations about the gray areas in our lives the things that we really really love sometimes but also have some
Problematic feelings about yes, we get into it all you want to know our thoughts about Nicki Minaj and all her foolishness
We got you you want to know our thoughts about gentrification and perhaps some positive question mark
Aspects of gentrification we get into that too every single Thursday. You can check us out at maximum fun dot org
Listen, you know you want it honey. So come on and get it
period
Oh
Yeah
What
Where am I?
What happened? What what did what's going on?
Who are you two?
My name is dr. Sam bet no
I just thinking like wouldn't be cool if he quantum leaped in here. How would he explain he doesn't normally introduce himself like that
I think that would kind of break the concept of the show first. Yeah. Yeah, he leaps in and he's like
I'm not the dude. I want a lunch squad
I want to munch
Welcome to munch squad. It's podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating
Y'all got frios gourmet pops around here your area. No Fritos gourmet pop. Sorry. It's very confusing
f r i o s
lowercase F if you okay, that's not like you're saying Fritos, but you're in a terrible hurry
This free Zaxby's
The premium quick-service restaurant beloved for its chicken fingers
Wings and legendary Zax sauce has partnered with Alabama based gourmet popsicle brand frios to introduce
Sauce flavored popsicles. No, Zaxby's sauce sickles will be available for free
I'm assuming they mean on it from a monetary perspective. They will be free not from the hole
It will take on you as to eat just cold sauce
The frozen treat will feature two of the brand's boldest sauces
Zax sauce and tongue torch
Oh you guys want to see him real quick while we're while we're chatting about this give me one sec
I don't know if I actually do. I mean, I guess it's just a popsicle right? How gnarly could it look?
I'm Ben pretty gnarly cuz I just feel like it looks kind of gnarly like
I mean if they didn't say tongue think about Zax sauce though, like what would that think about how much of that?
I don't think I know what Zax sauce is
The Zax sauce flavored sauce sickle features all the sweet tangy and creamy flavors
From the signature blend of spices black pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Oh, that's no I'm good
I'm alright actually without that the tongue torch sauce sickle is a mild heat tomato pop with nuts garlic paprika turmeric and a hint of lime
Zaxby's is renamed the month of September sauce timber, which I don't think you could just do not a portmanteau
I mean listen guys Congress has been getting stuff done lately. And it seems this seems like a worthy federal holiday. Oh
We don't work in September. That's when we think about sauces that we enjoy all day
Uh Zaxby's is celebrating sauce timber, which they made up by treating loyal fan base to this saucy goodness on a stick
The sauce sickles come packs at eight and are limited to one per person
Can I just stop you there trade man and say I don't this place will give you eight free popsicles. That's a lot
The only way that that works is if they tasted the first one and said we can't fucking sell this
We need eight million of these fucking things we give them away
I don't think you can call something that is frozen solid saucy
Right. It is inherently as it no not about that as it melts. Your hand is just covered
The very smell if it gets on your skin
Yeah, like as you're eating it, that's you all day. You can't wash your hands enough
Here's what's up, though
Like if you go they'll be available for free on September 19th online through sauce sickles calm
okay, so if you're like listening to this like
Go get some take a picture. You know what I mean? Like do I don't live near a Zaxby's?
It's kind of a road trip treat for me. Like, you know, good luck. Good luck spelling sauce sickles though
Oh man, go to sauce sickles calm. They're like melting in a puddle. Oh god
It's like a creamy oh god, oh god
I've tried three different spellings of sauce sickles calm and none of them have gotten me there even in this picture
It doesn't say the words
Yeah, now let me tell you how they could have really made something special is if they had called them Zaxby's prank sickles
And then all of a sudden it's a nice the 4th of July BBQ and you have your you know
Nephew Dale Dillip who you fucking hate and you're like enjoy a creamy treat Dillip and but then he gets the spicy
Chicken flavor well, but now you guys talk to his dad Jormie and you and Jormie has never been really close
Yeah, he's one other brief with you all please. This just came across my desk
Chipotle
To offer garlic guajillo steak in the metaverse for a limited time. Wait, did you say in the metaverse?
I don't remember
Chipotle Mexican Grill today announced that its new garlic guajillo steak will be available at Chipotle restaurants
Across the US and Canada and virtually in the metaverse for a limited time
The brand's latest menu innovation introduces an entirely new flavor profile to Chipotle's menu featuring tender cuts of steak
seasoned with the bold flavors of garlic and guajillo peppers earlier today Chipotle became the first restaurant brand to officially unveil a
new menu item in the metaverse by debuting
debuting garlic guajillo steak through the
Chipotle grill simulator experience on Roblox. How?
Roblox you say? Yes
Yes, if you go to roblox.com slash Chipotle
You can visit a virtual Chipotle
Can you imagine?
That should be a trick where like if you do that your bank just automatically gets notified and shuts down like closes off your bank
Accounts like you you are not responsible enough for this. You can't you just spent you just spent
$500 on roblox to skip a few levels of the Chipotle obby you're done
Please you can't that your money is ours. Now. We'll give it back to you on Tuesday. This is the government. This is the shadow government
We've come out of hiding
This seems like an infringement upon your rights, but it's good. It's a good one for you. Hello
This is the machines for the matrix
We are waking you up and we're going to give you a nice chair to sit in we're very worried about you battery
Hey, can we I know we're giant machines or whatever. Yeah, but do you feel like you're making good choices?
worried about you we're concerned
So that is happening in the in the metaverse
I don't want to read about the menu innovation garlic
We here steak pairs a familiar crave ability of garlic with the allure of I don't care get to the digital
Roblox day an awesome protein with a slight kick. This does sound good though
I'm starting to have roblox on my phone. I don't Chipotle premiered its new menu innovation on roblox today at 7 a.m
PT with Chipotle grills a burrito hour
That's what I'm reaching for you
They wanted to make sure they got all those school kids before they had to get to class of the school kids all they're talking
About guys. No, look all the topics are here. No way Derek
They no one's ever revealed a new menu item in the metaverse. It just doesn't it doesn't happen. Hey, um
Can I pull back the curtain a little bit and just be honest for a moment?
Is the metaverse just like the way people are referring to like the Internet now?
How much longer do we have on the it looks like we could go about 10 minutes on this. Do you want to Travis?
Because is the roblox. I thought the metaverse was just what Zuckerberg was doing
Well, how deep does it go? It's it's what's next? It's not funny
This is the one thing I'll say. I mean, it's kind of fun now Griffin. What are you doing?
Are you looking up the metaverse on your phone? I'm on I'm trying to log into roblox, but it's been a while
Can I go into the metaverse and eat the steak
Um, do you have Mark Zuckerberg? That's true. Can we get Joey pants to say like actually the steak of the metaverse is
Delicious. I told you all now. Do you have Mark Zuckerberg special flavor harmonica attachment for the oculus? Yeah
You do it slots right into the bottom and it looks like a regular harmonica
But it's got different flavors inside of it
And then you just suck them out as you like you'll walk toward the giant
burrito in the Chipotle experience and it'll be like suck pepper suck flower and then you get like those flavors in your mouth and it's
Suck beef. Yeah. Oh, okay juice. Thank you. Thank you juice. Yeah, of course you have of course you have roblox ready to go
So I just we've just installed
Roblox here now. I'm in the virtual Chipotle. So this is the metaverse. So this is the metaverse trap God
I wish you guys knew how loud how loud the music is in my ears. The metaverse is so loud
Okay, so I'm at the Chipotle restaurant and there's all they got a drink fountain. No brains. That you are running into
There's a lot of people here. I'm your fellow Chipotle crew member and I could use your burrito rolling skills first
Let's get you a uniform so you can get started. What? That sucks. If you own enough burritos
You can unlock free exclusive virtual items and earn burrito bucks to purchase it. They have to work in the metaverse
Yeah, well if you want cool burrito clothes, this is just different uniforms. You can buy
to work at
Chipotle a game. Okay, you guys ready? Yeah. All right, Justin. This is gonna be great. So loud
There's got white white rice white rice. No, not black beans white rice put that Justin
Okay, now black beans black beans are going so now of course you are like why he a snake
So far so good
Corn, okay, then it's rolling past me to cheese cheese cheese. Okay, I'll put cheese on it now
How do I roll? Okay, damn it fold that shit Justin. You have one second. Eat your burrito. Okay, I can't watch this anymore
Okay, oh close roblox, okay, okay
Okay, sorry, so that's the metaverse. That's that's what the metaverse is
You get to work at you get to work at Chipotle and not get paid you while you get paid in
imaginary Chipotle script
Essentially is what we're talking about and in real life as your character rolls out in real life
There's a robot somewhere that you're controlling that's rolling it right so like like in war games and sometimes
They don't even tell the flesh human Chipotle employees that the robots there and so there have been countless
accidents where the robot thinks it's making a
Burrito, but really it's like rolling up
the bones of the poor Chipotle employee
Information the metaverse sucks
By launching garlic guajillo steak in the metaverse
We're able to share our culinary traditions and real more like culinary and real food
Proposition with Gen Z says Chris Brandt
chief market desperate person
Desperate relic through a sheen of sweat
Keep bellows down the halls
For the first time fans can discover our latest menu innovation from our head chef
with an immersive experience that blends the best of Chipotle's digital and physical worlds our
head chef cyber Mike
They don't say that this burrito can't exist in real life
They don't they don't say that that it's structurally impossible to make this burrito with tan with a tangible
Tangible tortilla, it's too heavy the toppings. I will say though you can unlock
Virtual items exclusive virtual items as I have just done which includes Chipotle's iconic chef coat
the nom-nom aura
And a guajillo
Tea yeah, you roll up to adopt me wearing one of those people are gonna give you the respect you need that you deserve
So that is what that's what that's web 3.0 trap should we should we that's what the metaverse is yes
I've recently passed the bar and started working as a business and construction attorney and overall
I'm very grateful for the opportunity that I've had so far my career. Thanks
Constellation counseling Wow, why would they not have more there?
Okay, here it is sorry
However for the past few years my real interests have been in space law
Yes, how can I show the world?
I'm ready to represent the Stars and as a space lawyer, what should my first order of business be that's from Constellation counselor and Carrie
Well, hmm. This definitely has to exist
I don't think we should look it up because there's no doubt in my mind because there has to be laws about like
launching satellites into space
Right and who can have what up there and how much of the moon we own which is all of it the last one
I don't know, but there is there is international satellite law
We got there first and by America standards. I'm not saying it's right or wrong
But we got there first we put a flag on it and historical precedent says that's ours. Yeah. Yeah, that's I mean
Here's here's the thing about space law if you and it's definitely wrong by the way
Well, I just you jump back putting your flag on something and saying it's mine. Definitely wrong. We not do that
We all share the moon. There's a tree. We all share the moon's all of ours the moon's all of ours
Yeah, but it's mostly
But it's mostly my I think of it as a very American celestial body
The thing that sure s did that I think you could model here is if you want to do a space thing
Yeah, there's a little moment of fake it till you make it I think cuz you're not going up there very much
nobody is but we like to act like we are for example a
Little bit ago. I don't know if you heard but the America did the United States Space Force and
Everyone had a very good laugh about that like wow
It's really wild that they want to start a Space Force and we'll have a lot of fun. There's a different guy in charge now and
We kept the Space Force as far as I know
So I guess we all just kind of like yeah, I guess we got a Space Force now
Yeah, it's one of the things that we have is a fleet of guys and gals and people just to defend space
You know, we made them. We made the patches that go on there already did it
There's a space marine we printed out we 3d printed their space marine battle armor
So we can't just throw that away there and I'm not gonna make them like we're not gonna fire them
Then you just got a bunch of angry people trained to battle in space. I don't need that. I see Armageddon
Well now hold on Justin. They started off as drillers who were then trained as
Space people because it's easier to train drillers to be space people
And it is to train space people to drill as that movie establishes now. I will say this
What if you just started on your business cards have it say like, you know Constellation Counselor and Kerry
business and construction attorney comma
preeminent space law expert now at this point interesting because now at this point there may be someone else on earth
Who's like no way? I'm the preeminent space law lawyer or whatever now if that happens
You're gonna have to challenge them to a space law off
Right and you beat them maybe in a Yu-Gi-Oh card battle. I don't know. However, you want to settle it?
I mean Travis every every court
Hearing is a law off if you really want to get technical about anytime people go to court. It's a loss
It's a lot. It's a little laws contest. I guess that's true Griffin. It's all Yu-Gi-Oh battles, but with laws you are correct
That's all the court cases. The evidence is a blue eyes white dragon
There's the the analog works here and off a bunch of different ways. I think we can all agree
It's exactly the same, you know when your lawyer transforms into a more serious version of the original lawyer
Yeah
We know so much about Yu-Gi-Oh, um, hey, hold on to your beans real tight. Okay, I'm gonna freak him. Okay
Isn't all law space law?
Like we're here like we're all in it. Yeah. Hey, do you know what I mean? So yeah, man
Aliens we're aliens. There's a lot of law. There's a lot of
Argument about where space starts right for space law because there's also sky law, right?
but there's a there's obviously some sort of
Permeable barrier there between sky law and space law all the really yes go on
right, but if I if I'm on a
Rocket ship and I kill one of my fellow astronauts at like, you know in the ionosphere
Like whose jurisdiction is that in is there air?
What's that? Is there air then it's sky law?
There's some air but it's then I'm gonna say at that point you're I think space right now is like international waters
I think if you're you get out there you kill someone past the atmosphere. Oh, yeah
So what if we what if every rocket ship has to have a bird on the outside of it launches?
And then as soon as that bird dies
That's space baby. I think that's cuz birds love sky
But they hate space and this may be the only way that we can really tell where one star one as long as we're doing
That Griffin, let's cover our whole basis bird at the front, right?
It's I'm gonna land the animal at the back
So that way we know as soon as it goes from ground law to sky law where it's just like, oh, okay that Fox died
Okay, the fuck I don't know why you picked a Fox, but okay, we'll go on with Fox
I would pause it that Fox and bird would probably die about the same time
Duct-taped them to the outside of a rocket ship as it blasts off. I'm gonna say they're all here
I'll grant you this Travis. There's probably going to be a small margin between Fox death and bird death
And but I think that the lawyers know the Fox is at the very back so that it's touching the ground
Right before you leave, right? Why are we good? Sorry. Why did you take the bird to the rocket?
So, you know when you get into space cuz birds love sky Justin keep up birds love sky
Here's a mnemonic device if birds alive you're in the sky if birds are dead then space ahead
Oh, you're not okay and around space, okay fine
But Travis you don't need the Fox to have its feet on the ground in the same way that if I jump in the air
And shoot someone that's not skycrime. That's
About of distance where the Fox is gonna be like I can still see the ground. It's totally cool
Maybe that's it's when the Fox starts freaking out. You're in sky here in the sky
Yeah, that's as long as the Fox remains calm
Still earth all more. I think that caught the Fox will be fairly upset by being taped to a rocket
I will I know that base level obviously just that's that's your new base level. So you gotta let him acclimate
Yeah
Train chill foxes that don't mind being taped on guys tape them to the rocket a couple head days ahead of time
Yeah, we do is this is we were struggling what we do is we tape baby foxes to the space ships and they grow in captivity
This is natural for them. They love it. And this is we're getting into we're starting to get into ethically choppy waters
So I just want to say right now choppy waters ahead ethically choppy waters ahead
I just want to say right now. These are hero foxes. Oh, see I was gonna go the other way Griffin and say these boxes deserve it
These boxes stole some chickens space is Australia for foxes
We're not even doing it for experiments anymore we're just blasting
Okay, this is definitely a hero bird right because birds love sky every bird wishes they could get this there's so many birds
So many too many
All right, I think we've I think this solves it yeah, yeah the question that was asked which is where does space start yep, you're welcome
Hey
All right, I know you had to acquire that and program it during the show
No, that's why you're doing your ad Justin well what I've found is a 50 second bed so we can just and it's
Isolated it's just that part so it can go for it's chiller than I remember
Well, it's isolated so you don't have this this the scorching guitars. You don't have Hetty doing his bass riffs
Oh, hey, can I tell you guys some exciting news, please?
Next week. We're gonna be in San Jose, California and on the 29th. We are doing an adventure zone with special guest
Abrea Ingar
I'm gonna be a hoot. It's gonna be
That's not a hint that it's gonna be hootenanny. We're doing something. That's not a hootenanny
You know, I'll just tell you what it is. Yeah, tell us we're gonna be playing with the lasers and feelings game set and
It's gonna be set in like the age late 1800s and you all are gonna be
You're gonna be ghost hunters cleaning out the Winchester Mystery House. Cool
It's gonna be like steampunk Ian fun steampunk II Ghostbusters, please please come it's gonna be really fun
Yeah, if you've never been to a tag show
You don't have to know anything about any of the other stuff or anything really or anything
You just come and enjoy a basic comprehension of the English language would be I think helpful
But we're doing a lot of great body work up there and you may just get a hoot and how by which Justin means we do
massage
Members of the audience. Yeah, we do some fairly
sensually
Consensual fairly aggressive deep tissue stuff for sure and then on September 30th
We're going to also be in San Jose doing my brother my brother me and then October 1st
We're gonna be in Denver doing my brother my brother me so be there get your tickets at bit.ly slash McElroy tours
We also have the shows there in
Washington DC Detroit, Michigan and Cincinnati, Ohio and what's that you ask? Is there another special announcement?
Why yes, there is at the Washington DC Adventure Zone show. It's gonna be Brennan Lee Mulligan dming Dadlands 2
Oh my god now not not the sequel episode. Although it will be that Dadlands 2 version 2.0
We've improved we created and Griffin really evolved on it in a massive way
I think people are gonna be I think people are gonna lose their minds when they see this game system
I think that this is going to be I think that maybe this will be the last live show we ever do because then
This game design rocket ship is gonna take off and kill the bird and the Fox very quick
You guys ever seen the videos of like people see in the Beatles live
It's gonna be like that but for game system design McElroy dot family is is our website
You can go there to find the link to all that stuff and reminder at mask and proof of full
Vaccination or negative COVID tests within 72 hours of event start is required get those tickets a bit.ly slash McElroy tours
Also, we got some merch
We got that munch squad hoodie that bestest tea and 10% of all birch proceeds this month go to earth justice get that a McElroy
Merch comm you can pre-order via Taz 11th hour graphic novel
Over at the adventure zone comic comm those comics go out February 21st 2023
So don't wait the adventure zone comic comm
Hey, thanks to montane for these for a theme song. My life is better with you
I'm assuming everybody has listened to making it the new montane album
at this point, but if you haven't
you actually
legally have to
It's a new law that just got passed in
Every state and country in the on the world
So go ahead you're gonna need to listen to the whole thing. And if you don't
the sound
Force will come the sound force will come
So thank you to montane and to the sound force. Is that it? Yes. Yep. Yes. That's it. Griffin
What's your inspirational words of this week?
so it you I
See you there
We all have worries on us
but
Lift them up lift those worries up
to
Lift those worries up to and I know people get like kind of freaked out when you do like religion stuff
But so I'm just gonna say
You know who?
Lift them up to you know, who?
You guys know who I'm talking about when I say that the end thanks for listening my brother my brother me kiss your dad square the lips
It's better it's better
You it's better it's better with you
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
