The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody welcome to my brother my brother me and advice show for
the future era
What an honor and a thrill it is to be presenting this show. I'm the oldest brother of the program. My name is Justin
McElroy, my name is
Travis McElroy. I am your middle-est big dog wolf wolf brother out here. It is absolutely beautiful
Hey there, come on back now. This is your baby brother Griffin McElroy space cowboy. Yeah
We are doing the first this is the first my brother and brother and me from our
Limited
Interstellar tourism business that we just started space boys with a Z and
We're not where you think by the way, the Z is where the C should be
space boys boys
Now there's just one s it's space
Boys boys. Yeah. Yeah, so we're up here
Hey, listen pretend I didn't start it the usual way because if you guys space for the first time you just say some like cool
Shit, so can I can we all take it?
Let's let me adjust that let me adjust our audio calibrator. Yeah, we can get that smoothed out. Okay. Is that any better?
So I was well, you know like that's one small step for man one giant leap for me that whole thing
It doesn't make any sense by that doesn't make any sense. Don't get it
What if we are I was wondering if for this inaugural launch we're up here in this beautiful
You know obsidian
Sky we call space. Yeah, right a big sky above the sky. We call space the sky
Sky, yeah skies dad. Yeah
No, this is skies dad skies dad space the dad of the skies. Uh-huh
I was wondering if we could all take it take a chance and take a turn at like
Dropping our like space. Oh, like what's the thing? They're gonna like put on our like tombstone. What's the thing?
It's not our tombstone. I wasn't going in that direction at all more thinking like when people watch video of this
You got a pole one clip if you're making the movie
Where the aliens are looking at all the cool shit a humanity did and decide not to wipe us out
You know what? I mean? Yeah, it's like a Nelson Mandela quote
There's probably Malala and then there's us listen. I'm a space thing
I don't know if Neil Armstrong is dead or not
But you don't think they'll put like one small step on his tombstone
We have to go we have to one up that is what we're saying. Yeah, we're gonna be better. Okay, I got one
I got one. I got one. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's 2012. Okay, some peace deal Armstrong
I'm gonna make stuff for sure. That's two small steps for man
two giant leaves for mankind
Okay, you doubled it essentially
Because yeah, no, it's awesome. I mean you could say any number there you could have been like that's like a hundred steps
Yeah, and then like way bigger big jumps and then we hopped in like a cool space car and drove for a while
Okay, how about this one?
When you not it does push you back. Yeah, we can confirm that that is built on both of these are
Lacking sort of a ring of like timelessness because they are based on references to things of so far
Decreasing relevance. Okay. Can I try one? Yeah, please and mine's more of just sort of like an acknowledgment of like our space accomplishments
so I was thinking like I
Am the first man to have eaten an entire watermelon
Watermelon aboard my rocket ship, but it made a big mess and they made me come land it back on earth early
Say it again. So this is the thing you have to be it has to have a ring of timeless
I'm the first man to have ever eaten a whole
Watermelon up in a space rocket ship, but ding damn it made a big fricking fucking mess
And they made me land it early cuz all the juice and seats that got everywhere in the apartment
Justin that's a good point because the one in the main problem if I could get some notes on
Step for man a lot of words a lot of what if we just shorten it to space?
It's fucking cool out here. Well, now what if we shortened?
What if we shorten one small set that a whole bit? Okay, like what we need is it's you know Twitter
Didn't even have time for the eat. You know, we have to shorten this how what would you guys think about this like big steppin?
Just like that's you get the idea big steppin up here in space step for me. No a jump
Boom be good. That's good. See my short arm punch here. Oh watermelon mess coming home
I see that is yeah, that's not bad. What I'll tell you what's even easier to remember Houston
We have a problem. Yeah, right very short very memorable. Maybe it's like oopsie. I ate some melon
Do you think do you think that when Tom Hanks when he when that really happened the real Tom Hanks?
Yeah, when they did Apollo 13, do you think when he was like you soon?
We have a problem. Do you think a brain Houston's like looks at each other like I know I know we're all worried about this
But that was like pretty cool
I love him and I'm we're gonna get these these fighting boys home safely. No problemo, but wasn't it cool
Can we take like five seconds? Hey Johnson write that down Houston right? We have a problem. Oh, wait, sorry
Hey, Tom Hanks was there a comma in that between Houston and we or was it a period do you think just if you had to?
Specify hey, we're just trying to get what's that? You can't breathe. Right, right, right, right
You need to find an egg crate or something. I don't remember that movie
I was just looking at Richard Branson's Wikipedia Sir Richard Branson's Wikipedia page and in his like
His I guess resume that they have here they have listed, you know
He has five billion dollars and did he's a knight and apparently a virgin but anyway, it says
Space career virgin galactic commercial astronaut time in space one minute 12 seconds
That's a cool career sir. Richard Brandt the trajectory of your shit was awesome, man. Awesome, man. Good job
You did it rich. I'm an astronaut for a minute for 72 seconds dick
Branson
I'm an astronaut like all the big boys
You're a one-minute astronaut partner, hey
Sir, Richard Branson, could you possibly pay off? I don't know like a thousand people's hospital bills
No, I'm going to space for 72 seconds
and by and by a thousand people's hospital bills Travis means all
Hospital bills ever for everyone on the earth who has ever gotten sick or hurt
But it's space, but it's 72 seconds. I could be closer to the moon
You can't even eat a little bit. You can't even pierce the hide of a watermelon
Using the tools available to you on a spaceship in 70
They don't they don't let you bring a knife to space
They simply don't tune in to this season of taskmaster featuring five
Rich assholes and we say hey, you have 72 seconds of space. How much watermelon can you eat over and over?
That's the only challenge. We just repeat it over and over real quick. I do have this is connected
Virgin Galactic we're gonna be following this story pretty closely because it's just well, they're competing with us, you know
What there's only enough room in space, you know, yeah for space boys and the virgin galactic
I want to bring this breaking news story from Ashton Kutcher if I can stand by
When I got married to have kids my wife basically encouraged that it was not a
smart family decision
To be heading into space when we have young children
and so I ended up selling my ticket back to Virgin Galactic
And I was supposed to be on the next flight
But I will not be on the next flight
But at some point I'm going to space
So, okay. Here's the story. Here's the scoop
Okay, wait, I got live here. You guys were listening there
Obviously a plus K was gonna go to space and that is what I said
He was a lot of good space and now he's pretty dejected about that as you could imagine
He really wanted to go to space. It looks so cool up there
But but Kelso from that Sony show will not be in space everyone right now
like Kelso
Does ticketmaster have a
refund option for space I
Mean Virgin Galactic is is wanting like some other luminary can get yeah
He put it up on stub hub Griffin. So like it's a resale thing now at this
So a plus K is a space ticket scalper. Yeah, what you're saying. I'm kind of right. All right
Yeah, another question
They're gonna go to space again. Yeah, you learn their lesson the first time for 73 seconds this time. Yeah, they're gonna go big again
There's gonna be a conversation where Richard Branson's like employees are like
So do you want to go to space again? And he's gonna have to be like, nah, I think I got it
Like you just go up there and yeah, I get it
I thought you're gonna say the opposite Justin which is like, yeah
I can't wait to go to space again and they're like, well Richard you've already been shouldn't someone else get to go and he's like
What but?
It's my rock in it, but I've got more money than anyone I
Think I left my keys up there at Richard Branson. Is that true? I'm not
Where Richard Branson is from maybe it's space. Maybe he's just trying to get home
Are you sure you left your keys up there Richard Branson? Well, you haven't seen me drive recently. Have you? Well, no, that's true
Richard Branson. Oh, yeah, I left me car up there too. What?
Yeah, like, you know, Elon put his car on the rocket there. I did that
Bye. Ah, his rocket took off. He's gone. Damn it. He distracted us
Well space boys, I can't wait for our next big we should say our rocket our whole program was entirely free
We we built it out of stuff. We found a dad's garage free and guess what?
Guess how many times this exploded none times none
Every time I turn on the news, it's like you want to blow it up another one up for the ocean
And I'm like you fucking dummy. It's not that hard
Not space boys. We got 100% success rate. Yes, it's definitely found in our daddy's garage
Can we land real quick? Yeah. Okay, bring her in. Oh
That's smooth. Yeah, it's real good juice. Thank you. Yeah, no big deal
No big deal
So this is an advice show also, which it seems weird. It seems kind of antiquated at this point
Well, we can't keep getting the money
They're not gonna let us keep going to space and abandoning the many many solvable problems of Earth unless we keep getting the money
So right. I'm not ready to give up on fixing all of Earth's problems. I just also want to fix the moon's problems
So good to you. Thank you. I'm a big man with a big heart and a big hunger
Not anymore cuz you know the watermelon. I'm saying I was the one who ate that you guys
You know, hold on. This is revisionist history you too
And I don't want to tear space boys apart right when it starts
But the two of you if we could actually play the tape back because you know, they're recording that shit non-stop
Because the surveillance state in space it it was a lot like hmm
That's the sound of me pulling the watermelon on my bag and then you two were like Griffin. What the fuck?
We told you not to bring that and I was like, come on. Come on. Come on guys. It's my birthday
It's like Griffin. We had weighed everything very specifically like yeah
Yeah, and we did not account for one whole watermelon and then it was a lot of
And then Justin was like Griffin your teeth aren't strong enough to gnaw through the outside and I was like, well
They don't let you bring a knife to space and then Travis like Griffin
What are you doing Griffin stop stop stop because you saw me lift it up over my head and smash it on the ground and then
Start just sort of scooping it
Well, you know catching it out of the air with a small net that I did manage to bring on board
But there was a lot of you two can't claim credit for eating the watermelon. You're right. You're right
It was just you and can I move on please? That'd be all right. Yeah. Thank you
I'm staying at my family friend's house for a bit while I start a new job
I brought some avocado with me for a healthy lunch. Cool. The problem cool
I promise my avocados aren't ripe yet. My friends have an avocado that is ripe, but they're out of town right now
So should I just eat their avocado replace it with one of my avocados without asking would it be even weirder if I asked?
Would they notice that's from potential avocado bandit in SC South Carolina
Anybody who would notice that is not is no friend of yours
anyone who has is
Keeping such close tabs on their avocado that they can tell when it's a bit
Indiana Jones switched out with another avocado is not someone anyone should be associating with not only that
but when my avocados go right the chance that
The Venn diagram overlaps of like they're ready to eat and I'm ready to eat them
It's not always perfect. And so the idea of someone be like, hey you weren't home when your avocado was ripe
So I bought you some time
By consuming that already ready avocado and giving you like that's that you've done them a favor
Yeah, you know, I said what I said
But it was wrong because Travis brings up a good point if they if they have been sitting on these these emerald beauties
until they stop being
Hard and disgusting but before they get soft and brown and gross
But then you switch it out with one that is not in that sweet window
They I would actually the the game would be afoot at that point
I think it just it depends on how long they're gonna be gone
You know if they're back the next day
No, but if they're gone for a couple days that window short, you know
I think it's a great business to cut like right
okay, so I placed a grocery store order and the grocery store just like
Brought a bunch of avocados for free. Well, yeah
Sample and it says in the bag like sample over hot bonus boys. We know about
Before you need to stop accidentally spreading these kinds of feelings about West Virginia because that makes it sound like
Like the grocery stores in West Virginia like how do we get people to buy these avocados?
They're so scared of them. We must give them samples. It's part. Well, it is kind of a weird like I
Don't feel I feel like even if the anyway avocados should have been my house
Okay, a bunch of free avocados except I had not structured any sort of avocado dish
Avocado opportunity. Yeah, you know
Yeah, yeah in my head. So there's just they're just sitting on the counter and getting riper and riper
And I don't have a plan for it and don't tweet at me. No, I know I can make ice cream
I know about this. I know about avocado toast not allowed to eat it cuz I'm 40, but I'm gonna know about it
Don't know what to do with these bad boys. They're just sitting there. I would love a service
Where someone's like comes to your house you like do you produce you feel guilty about I'm like, yeah
Actually, this asparagus looks like thick spaghetti because it's caused a limp and bad and and I would you eat it?
And they're like, yeah, absolutely. No problem
So no guilt for you for the for the stuff where you're making your grocery order and you're like, I'm an adult
I should buy vegetables and yeah, you get some zucchini
Yeah, right zucchini comes and you put it in the crisper drawer where things go to die
Yeah, then it's like two weeks later. Like oh, yeah, I need to do something with that zucchini
Yeah, I'm gonna do it that's a key. I like I like the scam
Where you put a bunch of fresh produce in there and then you start to feel guilty about it
And then you're like wait, I left an onion in here a month ago. This rotten onion has ruined everything
Just start again. No more guilt for me. One thing is sticky in here. You all got here, man
Every crisper drawers the fucking gross, you know, I ever get in there and it's like time to clean this fucking stinky box out
The worst is when you when you pull the drawer out and underneath there's just this reddish brown film. Yes
What is it nothing's leaking nothing's leaking everything
Yeah, it's the tears of the fruit and vegetables that know that they'll never be
They'll never live up to their purpose. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know what to do with these avocados. I think in this case though, like
It's a it's it's wonderful because they're gonna go over right but go bad. Yeah, perfect. It's perfect
It's a wonderful thing you're doing. Yeah, this is great
What a sign help
What a sign help? Well, I but we don't know the owners feelings about the avocados
Well, but if you're worried about getting caught or whatever just leave a little sign that says I switched out my unripe avocado for your ripe
avocado
You're welcome
This is it. No, this is a victimless crime. Okay, this is this is wild
It you you could eat all their avocados when they get home. They're not gonna say shit to you. Do not even sweat it
Hey, can we can we approach the Wizards throne?
Yeah with deference
Hang my head. Yes
Okay
No, he actually hates that you have to keep a constant eye contact with the wizard of the cloud
Yeah, hang my head and make eye contact and bend the knee at the same time. Oh damn it
Trap, he turned you into a fucking pig. Ah, that's what I wanted. Oh
Oh good job. All right. Well, they're very smart. I know somebody who's got a birthday coming up
Who?
Yeah, I guess dad. Yeah
Yeah, that's probably that's about a month from now
Yeah, I know somebody's got a birthday coming up and actually this would be great for dad
This is a this is now us planning our dad's birthday party a good
Almost a month in advance and that's because thanks Maria who sent him this wiki how article titled
How to throw a Les Miserables birthday party
That's perfect for our daddy
I think we can all agree
Les Mis is a fantastic musical beloved by millions around the world if you're a theater geek and want to proclaim your
Enthusiastic admiration of Les Mis this guide will help you plan a fun party based on it. Yes
Yes. Well, not let's not limit it because fans of French history will probably enjoy it as well
Do fans of French history actually like Les Mis or does Les Mis take too many? Are there like people who are like, yeah
Yeah, anyway prepare invitations your invitation should look old-fashioned
Maybe written on old aged parchment paper in a fancy font and should quote some of the songs. Here's an example
Do you hear the people sing the birthday song?
Sorry, I'll try to get those in there a little more discreetly
Do you hear the people sing the birthday song? The time is near eponine?
Finner dear is turning 12
So do you put that if it's if you're peeps if you're if you're Clint McElroy and you're turning 12
66 years old. I don't believe so come meet at the ABC cafe eponine's house. One, two, three, four five
five then our dear Lane on October 2nd
1815 to celebrate if I get this fucking invitation. I'm like hon
We got invited to a 12 year olds birthday party at the turn of the 19th century
Bring your best really is hey my daughter's having a fucking Les Mis themed birthday party
I know I know but please come please make your kids come to I know she's not cool
I know that Todd doesn't want to come come where?
To the ABC cafe. Oh
Yeah, I guess so the cafe that's inside of eponine's house
Anyway, bring your best singing voices Les Mis French revolution parentheses French Revolution more specifically June rebellion era. Ah fuck
My only clean French Revolution costume is from the fucking July party era when they finished the rebellion
And everybody was just like ripping it up and a loaf of bread come and a loaf of bread smiley face. Don't steal it. Oh
Let's get some lyrics going
If we could just I'm sure everybody's been sort of cooking some of the back of their head
Here's the best that one that I've got right now at the end of the year. You're another you're older
That's all you can say for the life of the poor and then you just keep going exactly the same way. Yeah
That's pretty good. How about this?
drink with me a
Kool-aid zero sugar jammer
My kids love those. Yeah. How about this? Who am I? I'm Derek's dad here in my bounty castle in the yard
Oh, it's not bad. Yeah
Damn, you know, I was about to say we're narrow casting right now, but I think we're pretty pretty well in the wheelhouse
Okay decorate obviously you got to build a barricade hey wait, wait, nobody did your very suicide
I'm trying to think man. I got stars. It's right there
What about confrontation? Come on?
Celebration. Yeah, that's easy. Oh, yeah. Perfect. Obviously you've got to build a barricade, hon
Yeah, did you smash up all of our dining room chairs?
I did do that because it's my fucking birthday dad
Get the get the net or you go all the way out and build a ginormous one in your backyard with old junk
You can even ask your guests to build old junk that they have and you could assemble it to build the building of the barricade
At the party or pile up bits of furniture in the corners at home. So let me get this straight
You want me to bring some of my old wooden furniture to your house? What are you planning to do with it? You'll see
Are we gonna get to like eat pizza or something at some point no keep building the barricade
But it's the army middle of your yard. What are you barricading against the French proletariat or something?
I don't know. I don't know. I haven't seen the show you haven't seen the show
Now I just love the posters
Try to avoid balloon streamers or typical party stuff
But if you absolutely need a birthday banner, then try having it be a neutral color with the Les Mis font on it
No, you know the classic Les Mis font
How about why can't we do just like big if you're gonna do streamers and shit just do red white and blue?
No, it's red and black
Red and black is even better
Red, the color of the cake
Black
The color of the cake the both colors are on the cake the cake is mostly red
Okay, it's a spider-man cake
My am I the man the spider that they say I am
My the Peter Parker how to throw a spider-man turn off the dark birthday party
All right, everybody you see the barricade we built last year for the Les Mis party
We're all gonna take turns jumping off of the top of it. Are you sure?
And I'm sorry, I'm sorry Vicky. I guess I should say now at this boy a year out. You're right
I did not clean it up. You were you are never got an after plan for the barricades
Assumed it would wash away
We got themed food get miniature sausages or hot dogs and stick toothpicks in them put papers on the toothpicks labeling them
Kidney of a horse and liver of a cat
Okay
Fun fun loaves of freshly baked bread. You stole a loaf of bread and various fresh
Well, it's second straight for the Jimmy Dean company showed up and they're like, how did you know?
Red Kool-Aid and call it the blood of angry men
And then there's a cake and you can make you a cake look like
You could either have cakes look like they did in that era frost some kind of Les Mis design on it
barricade etc or use some other kind of French dessert instead of a cake the clues are starting to point to this person genuinely not
having
Any idea what it is what the show at the very least?
You should have to make your guests decide whether they want to have their cake or eat it, right?
They shouldn't get to have they cannot get to do both. That's an excellent point Travis welcome the guests
Okay, you're all ready for your party decked up in your best eponine costume and the guests begin to arrive
Make sure the guests know that they must come dressed up to the party
There'll be no talking only singing and some yelling when the battles come if they break that rule send them to Javert
Oh, boy, dress up as Javert and tie them to a tree for five minutes or so. What?
Excuse em wall
Can you imagine anyone that like just popping their head over the fence and seeing this and there's like a 13 year old kid
I love I love this party. I love everything that we've done. I love all the plans
What I am thinking about is the moment when I've got it all set and then I realized that it's the child's birthday
And I do have to invite grandpa Dan. Yes, because grandpa Dan is gonna have to come and see all this happen
He's gonna try to talk around to be like
No, you gotta go to Javert
You gotta go to Javert. He's gonna tie you to the tree. Remember next time sing or scream
Those are the two options Dan. What I love too is just listening to this you get such a great
Like there's this scale of like age
plus this party
Equals fun question mark and like there's a track because at like 19 right in theater school you throw this party
It's a rager, right? This is amazing, right?
12 years old you throw this party. No one comes, right?
Now here's my question. Is there an age past let's say 30 where this really hits?
No, I mean
40 is what I am and I would be very into somebody putting this kind of work into a party
Yeah, but it doesn't even really matter. I would just love a theme, you know. Yeah, right. I miss it
This is this is still part of welcome the guests a play lame is soundtrack throughout the party
But don't watch the movie adaptation from 2011. Some guests may not consider it appropriate. Even if you fast-forward through lovely ladies
Which I guess is this a very sexual song from the movie the 10th anniversary concert from
The 10th anniversary concert from 1998 is less visually explicit. So oh if we could talk about that fucking show
Call Wilkinson. Call Wilkinson. Are you kidding me? Oh my god, huh?
He'll my prayer. Who am I?
Who am I? Can I take him this mountain to slavery slavery?
Fucking call William Wilkinson and then what is the best is at the end?
They have all the Jean Valjeans ever from all costs of planet and they all come in and sing their own lay misses
They come in and sing their own. Who am I? Are you kidding me with that credible? It's incredible this version of it
I want this party now. I've just sent travel away. Just be quiet everybody shut up
I
Come
Fuck yeah
The best yeah, it's the best. Can you imagine? That's what you play open and close with the planet of Valjeans. Yeah
I just sent Justin and Travis some key art from this wikiHow article that I know this visual humor doesn't play at home
but it's just two boys with their arms around each other standing in front of a door with a small welcome banner on it and
Then for a what appears to be my god 15 foot tall man dressed up as Javert
I believe they're either three feet tall or he is ten feet. Yeah, that's pretty excellent
Oh god, we got to put that I'll put that up
So the final tip is just to play games but tweak the names and rules
So that they're lame is theme pin the tail on the donkey could be pin the bread on Valjean
What no in the crime on someone else?
That's a crime is amorphous. They've done that
This is what I'm saying. That's what who am I is. It's pinning the crime on another man
I know but a crime you can't fucking pick you start to play it. Yeah
So now you could pin that pin this silver candle sick on Valjean and he's got the one in your you take on the role
Okay in this in this pin the tail game. I'll be in having the role of the priest the kindly priest. It looks after Valjean
mon senior bienvenue
This is name. I only know isn't it weird out with some things like lame is I
Can't think of a time in my life where if you'd asked me like are you fucking deep in the pain?
Yeah, absolutely. I'm very deep in the pain of lame is and just like at some point
It's like apparently I've absorbed all this. Yeah, and I'm extremely deep in the pain. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you want to know?
What do you want to know? Yeah. Yeah anything all the songs all the lyrics apparently I did like I did this intentionally with rent
But with lame is I just sort of I don't know. Yeah, I can't
The botany class I took in college, but do you want to hear all the lyrics to master the house?
Let's set it to the tune of fucking stars, and we'll talk yeah
Quick break, and then we'll come right back to talking about layman
You want to make a lame is a rob fan site the
You can call it a
Lame is a lay happy Rob because it makes you happy because your name is Rob, and you're
Yeah
And we're sponsored by Squarespace and Squarespace can help you do it because they can help you showcase your work like if you've written
I don't know a lot of lame is fanfiction a sequel to lame is
Which come on guys?
Where's that at?
If you want to sell products and services of all kind if you want to cosplay and good children's parties dresses
You're there, and you can promote your physical and online business and more they have beautiful optimizable
Customizable templates created by world-class designers everything right there out of the box is gonna work for mobile
Analytics that help you grow in real time free and secure hosting and nothing to patch or upgrade ever just go to
Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10%
Off your first purchase of a website or domain
You
We've been using stitch fix for a long time to get our fashion, right
And now that some parts of the globe are beginning to in some ways reopen in in ways that are both scary and not
yeah, get your fashion going and
It's time to get back out there and it can be a little challenging
But stitch fix is gonna do all the hard work for you of helping you find the right look now
You know this did you know that stitch fix also does kids stuff?
we
Got a box for our daughter Charlie. I know her fix. Yes, you've met her before we told them
The the sort of vibe she likes her size how much we want to spend on clothes
You know to me cuz like we don't spend a lot on the kids clothes cuz they ground so friggin fast
So listen, I don't feed these kids, you know, hey
Hey, hey, oh, yeah, they send you a big box of stuff and
There's a prepared return envelope
Included so you put the stuff that you don't want to keep into that and you keep the stuff that you like
We liked every single thing they sent like they crushed it her stylist with the first box
She ever did and you can keep the same stylist
Throughout so like the next time you get a box you can get the same stylist and they'll help you to like
Evolve and they'll get to know you a little bit better. You can try it once or set up automatic deliveries
There's no subscription. You just pay a $20 trial fee for each box, which gets credited toward the pieces that you keep
There's no hidden fees ever
So get started today at stitch fix comm slash my brother and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix stitch fix comm slash
my brother
Since the dawn of time screenwriters have taken months to craft their stories
But now three Hollywood professionals shall attempt the impossible
Break a story in one hour. That's right here on story break
I Freddie Wong Matt Arnold and Will Campos the creators behind
Award-winning shows like video game high school have one hour to turn a humble idea into an awesome movie now an awesome movie starts with an
Awesome title. I chose the billionaires marriage Valley. Mine was Christmas pregnant paradise
Okay, next we need a protagonist. So I've heard Wario best described as libertarian
And of course every great movie needs a stellar pitch in order to get to heaven. Sometimes you got to raise a little hell
Check out story break every week on maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
You
Yeah, hey Dave this party sounds great, where's it at
That's the last one that's that's all I got that's the last one
But you did run a real risk of pivoting us right back in time
I know if I could say it's reckless I was right now, but you know what? That's me
I'm kind of the bad boy of the layman's scene, you know, it's sad. I was just looking for like when you mentioned layman's fansite
I thought oh, that would be fun. I'm gonna find one of those. You can't find fucking fansites anymore. It's all been commoditized
Wiki, yes, you know what I mean? You can't just like get into like a dirty
Geocities web rang and just surf for a little
It's not a mumble there and it's kind of like just it is it was very obvious cities. Hold on one second just cities calm everyone be patient
Hey, everybody you are else on this show
He didn't even say URL this time. I just kind of thought wait just cities calm find your domain
Okay, let's let me check this register. Okay, honey, please be taken. It's not taken
I can get it. Wait, I type. Okay, wait little brain for here. I didn't type jizzdomain.com
That is also available. I might have to get both jizz cities and jizz domain
Available I'm leaving jizz domain. You can have it friends whoever gets to it first
It's it's right there for you. If you just can someone please make juice domain redirect to jizz cities
That would be
But I'm gonna make just just domain so
Well, that'll teach them to search for something so naughty
How I dang it done melted my damn computer down. Why did I search for jizz cities?
What were you doing better it imploded it sucked in on itself like a black hole. No nothing. What were you doing on it?
Well, I was searching for jizz domain
Okay, look like you were trying to go to a website when the computer
Sort of dissolved. Yeah, it's club penguin club penguins been closed for many years
There's a guy
This is on so there's a Canadian version of Dragon's Den
And there is a guy out there who came on a couple seasons ago. Whose name is currently
Escaping me. I'll find it just a second
But he is the dude behind Club Penguin and no matter who's Lane
Merrifield is the same and no matter who comes out there every time this man opens his mouth practically
He's like, you know what I created Club
Like incredibly rich because everything that you think is uncool it has made a billion dollars, okay
I'm gonna bring it in because I feel like things are getting a little out of hand a bit a little odd hand
I walk quietly and as a result, I always startle people when I just appear out of nowhere
I'm about to move in with five new roommates
I mentioned this to them and they all said it would freak them out for sure
So how do I stop jump-scared people slash seeming like a magician?
That's from Christopher walking
They've also added PS no tap shoes on for chart hardwood flooring, which is
That's an excuse
Yeah, that is an excuse. You could you could do it good
Traction becomes now this is this is where I really think if I may a sign might help
Because much like you are driving down the road, right and there's like watch out for deer signs
And I might not see a deer, but I'm ready to see a deer. Maybe you just have like watch out for Dave
or or don't here's here's my thinking on this one this this is
This is a them problem, it's not even a them problem it's a them opportunity because you are giving them a
an
intensive training protocol
For situational awareness you want to stop being afraid by me when I appear when you weren't expecting me
Then know where I am at all times
Train your train your mind to have complete
Perception of the world around you that's an incredible skill that you're giving them
And then you're gonna scare them so bad a few times and they're gonna spill a big bowl of soup on
Their body and it's gonna hurt a lot. But pain is weakness leaving the body
I think that the problem is you run the risk of
Surprising them and them hurting you
Yeah, sometimes that's you're gonna get a little soup on you, but your pain is their weakness
Entering your body. Yeah, that's what they say. Maybe you could announce yourself
Or oh even better. You're gonna need a Herald my friend a
Herald yeah someone who announces you
Someone who goes before you. Oh, not an HR. Okay. No, no, no, they blow a little trumpet and say presenting
Steve what if you're just going to the shitter doesn't matter
Steve's going to shit
What if you're just passing through the veranda a virtual eyes Steve approaches?
I don't need to be announced every time I'm going back to get more bagel chips
You know
Did we already say a bill I mean no cuz it's a person
If it is a person, but it's not cool that we do it to anybody, you know cows are like
Sucks this fucking bill
Get all of your roommates heat vision goggles
Mmm. Oh turn off all the lights now. Everybody's mysterious level the playing fields
That's cool. That's cool. Hey, guess what? If you live with five other people
You you do not it is wild to ever be surprised
By seeing someone. Yeah, not I mean like I don't know
I don't know how big the space is that you're you're living in but when you cohabitate with that many people
Just assume
Around every corner. There is a there is a human soul and I I don't know why you would do any differently
What the fuck's a person doing here? There's five of us. What about how else?
What do you know?
Hot wheels all over the floor. Oh
Can't help. Yeah. Ouch
Legos, I guess would serve the same purpose if you're constantly walking, but down the hall going yeah
Well, you could just do that with ruffled potato chips to less painful
But very loud scatter some dried leaves around a lot of twigs
Tried leaves and twigs would be good
Yeah
And it's good for the environment because that's gonna naturally compost and you're gonna get a lovely forest floor in your apartment
Yeah
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun. Yeah
dumb
But I want a munch
I want much
bob
bub bub who put the Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob in much squad
This I have a munch quad mini and then a full munch quad investigation, okay, so we're gonna begin with this
Because what this is kind of a special episode for us
I don't know if you guys realize,
but this is our Shark Week episode.
We're recording, you know,
not releasing during Shark Week, obviously,
but like recording during Shark Week.
So if we seem a little observed.
Yes, if we seem a little, you know, sharked up.
Yeah.
And we're not the only ones taking advantage
because Sonic Drive-In is also,
did you know, by the way,
that they're putting a Sonic in next to the Walmart
where the Bojangles used to be?
Yeah. No.
What a coup.
Yeah, it's a big, it's a big glow up.
So Sonic Drive-In introduced the new Shark Week slush.
Now, there's many different ways that this could have gone,
but it ended up going the weirdest possible way.
The limited time slush is,
if I told you guys that this is not a cheap cash-in,
but rather an opportunity, an attempt rather,
to capture the grace and beauty of sharks
with a slushie drink, you would not believe me,
but that is exactly what has transpired here.
The limited time only slush is a diorama
of refreshing tropical flavor to delight the senses
while diving into one of the Discovery's
most anticipated programs of the summer, Shark Week.
How is it a diorama?
Well, bud, the eye-catching Shark Week slush
has layers of fun with real strawberries
and two shark gummies atop an ice cold blue coconut slush,
creating a feeding frenzy for shark aficionados for $2.99,
which I think we'll all agree is a steal.
I've linked you a picture so you can see.
Basically, you got a blue slush,
you got a big, big mound of cherry,
and then the two gummy sharks on top.
Awesome.
Yeah, no, it definitely looks like just sort of stagnant gore
nestled atop some antifreeze.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're excited to capture the beauty of Shark Week.
It looks like a lot of work
for an underpaid employee.
Yeah, they're never gonna look like this, though.
Enjoy this picture.
You'll never see one like this in the wild.
We're excited to capture the beauty of Shark Week
and the awe-inspiring ocean life the program showcases
in an exhilarating treat with a trifecta of flavors.
It's worth noting those trifecta of flavors
are blood, coconut, and shark gummy,
so we've really captured the spirit of the thing,
says Scott, the vice president of product innovation
and development for Sonic.
The beachy cool blue coconut slush lays
a bright aquatic blue base down for shark gummy candies
and juicy strawberries, creating a vivid ocean scene
within a slush for guests to celebrate
both the magnificent creatures
and the delicious fun of summer.
So you really celebrate sharks, their very existence,
with this slushing.
So it's just yet another way to honor sharks,
and that's wonderful.
But for one sea lion, but the thing about this slush
that I wanna be really clear about
is it contains no shark.
That is important.
Not even a bit of shark.
Right.
No shark DNA is present in this shirt.
No, I mean, we're all stardust, aren't we?
We're all stardust, man.
Yeah, but you could say that this is a place
where you wouldn't expect to find fish.
One place you might expect to find fish
is in a Subway Toonison.
Oh, no, this is ongoing? Oh, yeah, for sure.
This is ongoing, folks.
This story will not die to catch you up.
The New York Times did a test on Subway Tuna
and said there is no tuna at all,
not even the trace amounts of tuna
that you'd expect to find in any one of us.
There's no tuna in it at all.
This happened, and everyone kinda looked at each other like,
so what do we do now?
What do you want me to do with this information, New York Times?
What do we do with this information?
And if I remember correctly,
the head of Subway or someone stood by their guns
and said, no, it's tuna, and they're like, it's not.
Subway, yeah, Subway says it's 100,
it's absolutely tuna, no question.
This story is ongoing.
This lawsuit started in January.
Subway CEO said, and this is a direct quote,
he absolutely eats Subway's tuna sandwiches.
Oh, he doesn't, then.
No, he's never had any of them.
No, no, no, he absolutely, definitely
eats Subway sandwiches.
He says, it's one of my two favorite sandwiches.
Not, what's the other one?
Just say it's your second favorite sandwich.
He said it's definitely tuna.
He said he absolutely eats them.
This is just, hey, listen, this is just one on one.
If you're ever trying to get away with a crime
and you're brought in for questioning,
don't start off with, I definitely didn't kill him,
and I am absolutely not a murderer.
So they're saying it's tuna.
How far are they are willing to go?
They've launched a website called,
and the website is, let me get the URL for you.
Jizzdomain.com.
It's Jizzdomain, no, SubwayTunaFacts.com.
So if you go to Subway Tuna Facts,
you're gonna see a huge banner,
and it says, I'll just read it to you,
even though I'm probably, this is probably propaganda,
arguably, Subway Tuna is real tuna.
That's right.
The truth is Subway uses wild-caught skipjack tuna
regulated by the Food and Drug Administration.
A favorite among sub lovers, our tuna is,
and always has been, high quality, premium, and 100% real.
Now, we know there's been a lot of talk on this topic,
including misinformation generated in the media,
so we created this page to set forth the facts
and help clarify any misunderstandings.
Myth, the New York Times reported
the Subway's premium fan favorite tuna wasn't actually tuna.
The New York Times said our kick-ass tuna isn't tuna.
And I would actually argue, what you stated is a truth.
That did happen, that's not a myth.
Myth, the New York Times reported
Subway's premium fan favorite tuna wasn't actually tuna.
Truth, not true.
What actually happened is that the New York Times
commissioned a test that couldn't detect tuna DNA
in their sample.
Okay.
But according to scientific experts,
this is not unusual when testing cooked tuna,
and it absolutely doesn't mean the sample that was tested
contained zero tuna.
Do you understand?
Oh boy, I'm getting kind of swayed.
USA Today did an independent fact check
of the New York Times conclusion,
which found it lacked important context
about the limitations of DNA testing in denatured proteins,
which you would expect in a cooked down tuna product.
I see.
So by cooking the tuna, all that important tuna DNA.
They cook the DNA right out of it.
You reduce it to create that strong tuna flavor.
Now they've got a chart here
that shows sort of the flow of it.
And it says at the top of the chart,
Subway tuna is real tuna.
Okay.
And they're just really banging that drum extremely hard.
One thing that would be,
I feel like the problem is,
is that we're getting into this,
like we've always been at war with Eurasia territory,
where the New York Times,
our most respected publication says,
this is not tuna.
And then Subway says, I believe you're mistaken.
This is tuna.
In fact, it's all tuna, baby.
Like there's no middle ground in this.
One person just says, this is absolutely not tuna.
And Subway says, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, it's tuna.
What they lack in this entire webpage
is one picture of a man or woman catching a tuna
and saying, this is going straight to Subway.
I'm shipping this to Subway.
You can watch.
I need to at this point fucking GoPro a tuna
throughout the processing until it's in someone's mouth.
That's what I need.
I need that level.
Does anybody read this on the planet Earth?
Does any sapient being on the planet Earth
read this website and go,
you know what I could fucking go for right now?
You know what I would crush right about now?
I tell you, it's kind of convincing.
You're Travis.
Now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen.
Am I saying I believe it's 100% tuna?
No, of course not.
Am I saying I believe it's 100% digestible?
Yeah, sure.
And now listen guys,
here's where the plot fucking gets really rippled.
Here's where the plot gets really thick.
The day, and I'm looking at the timestamps here.
This story from Grace Dean in Business Insider
about Subway launching the tuna website is from July 14th.
The day before July 13th in the QSR magazine,
which is my sort of go-to for quick service restaurant.
I would trust them over anybody.
More than the New York Times.
They are the paper of record.
Yeah, the New York Times of burger boys.
Subway launches unprecedented campaign
to support menu updates.
Okay.
It's called the Eat Fresh Refresh,
which features more than 20 changes to core items.
It will be supported with multi-platform content
from Steph Curry, Serena Williams,
Tom Brady.
Wait, are they all making sandwiches?
It's an extraordinary group of athletes
that reinforce the scope of these tremendous changes
and embody the idea that to be fresh,
you need to refresh.
Hey, I'm Tom Brady and this is my sandwich.
It's two pieces of bread
and then there's a sealy sort of mattress between them
and I just eat it.
I eat all of it.
Just so you guys don't think I'm making this up,
I have one of these ads for you right here.
It's six seconds long.
Here we go.
There's so much new at Subway, it won't fit in one ad.
So they're sandwiching the sandwich ads
between other ads.
That's a real one.
That's a real ad, a real six second ad
that Subway's doing with Charles Barkley
as the new voice of Subway.
I love that. He's made it.
It says here, I will lend his humor and familiar tone
as the new voice of Subway.
I love that dude.
Yeah, I like his familiar tone.
So it's a huge, I mean, there's all kinds of big changes.
They improved their turkey, ham, steak, and bacon.
Pretty low bar.
Well, and the rotisserie chicken.
And they elevate, that's a lot of proteins.
That's all of it, guys.
Hey, well, no Griffin, it's not all of it.
Cause that, is there one protein
continuously absent from that list?
Oh, the tuna?
It's perfect.
Can't be improved.
It's perfect and real and we can't evolve it.
Cause it's so real that it's a hundred percent tuna.
You know what, in fact, now that we think about it,
it's great that you brought out how much
we fucking love our tuna.
Cause we need to fix our chicken and bacon
and everything else but tuna.
So we'll live up to the standards
that our 100% actual tuna is sitting.
We asked Branson, we said, hey, while you're up there,
keep your eyes out for space tuna.
Cause that's the only way it's getting better, my man.
Something has got to help top this.
Our other meats are, if they'd come, you know what,
honestly, now that I think about it, folks,
if they'd come for any of our other meats,
the bacon, that's old belts, 100% it's old belts.
You got us.
We've been doing plant-based chicken for 30 years, okay?
It's all fake bullshit, but the tuna, it's perfect and real
and it's real tuna.
What's a shame is that Branson could have found space tuna
and come back and be like, good news, Subway, space tuna.
It tastes a hundred percent better and fresher.
So go ahead and toss that on the menu.
And then Dr. Subway was like, we fucking, we fuck, we can't
because everybody will think it's a New York Times
switcheroo, swap-a-rooney, damn it.
Fuck, why did the New York Times have to write that article
so we can't put kick-ass space tuna in our sandwiches?
The optics, Branson, were so bad.
You blew it again.
You blew it.
Oh my God, this is a quote from the CEO of Subway.
We've been working on this refresh for 15 to 16 months.
And if you notice, the one thing we did not touch
is our tuna.
People love our tuna.
We're very proud of our tuna.
So I think that's really the end of the story.
Guys, that's his quote.
They're like quintupling down.
And that comes, by the way, at the end of the story
in Business Insider.
I love it.
It's the CEO like, oh, so the last thing I wanted to say
is that the tuna is real and we're all agreed on that.
You could just put a period right there
and that's the end of it.
And I feel like the one thing we could all agree on
is that our bacon has always been bad
and hopefully now it's better and that our tuna is real.
And that's it.
That's the whole review by.
Oh, we're sorry about Jared, by the way.
I'm sure we should say still sorry about Jared.
Still bugged up on that one.
But the tuna, perfect.
Tuna, oh baby.
And I would say at this point with absolute certainty
that the New York Times' two biggest whoopsies
was in this order, number two,
their full-throated endorsement of the war in Iraq.
And then number one, when they fucking lied
about Subway's tuna for some reason.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
Thanks to you so much for listening to our podcast,
which is this one.
My brother, my brother and me.
It's a delight to have you with us as always.
Thank you.
If you pre-ordered the Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom,
which is a graphic novel we wrote with our daddy
based on our Adventure Zone podcast.
If you haven't gotten it yet,
you can go to theadventurezonecomic.com and buy a copy.
And that would just be the best.
We've also got a lot of new merch
over at mcrorymerch.com.
We got a pin of the month Gooshie Wolves
from the Ethersea setup episodes.
Proceeds from that benefit The Innocence Project,
which exonerates the wrongly convicted through DNA testing
and reforms the criminal justice system
to prevent future injustice.
We've got a really cute, I'm just gonna say,
It's Trash sticker from the My Brother, My Brother and Me
TV show.
A really cool green stoneware mug with the Taz logo on it
and a besties video game club shirt,
which I will be getting as a big fan.
I brought a bunch of,
I bought like 30 of those Justin McElroy's trash stickers
to put on my daughter's homework
when it doesn't cut the mustard.
It's weird that you did that.
I wouldn't.
I'm not a good person.
I don't know what to tell you.
Griffin, tell us about the game.
Oh, you're talking about the Adventure Zone Bureau
balance game that you can play with friends?
Yeah, that one.
That's the one.
Well, 2Gether Studios is the creator on that one,
and they are celebrating a safe return
to the game table this summer
with local retailer events, giveaways, and live streams
of the Bureau of Balance game,
which if you haven't played it is a hoot and a half.
They're gonna have gameplay streams every Tuesday evening
at 8 p.m. Eastern time at twitch.tv slash 2Gether Studios,
and that's T-W-O-Gether Studios.
And you can follow 2Gether Studio on Twitter
for weekly giveaways of swag from them,
and for a second, the publisher
of our recently released graphic novel,
which please, please get it.
Along those same lines, I stream on Twitch.
If you ever wanna check that out,
twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy.
I've been getting good at Overwatch.
I'd love to see that.
I'm almost ready to do competition level.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I've almost hit 25.
God help us when Travis puts that laser-like focus
onto a game that has competitive layers to it.
Well, this is what I'm saying.
At this point, boys, I'm getting paid
to play video games in front of people.
I'm a pro gamer.
Yep.
I mean, you're basically a pro gamer.
Put it on your card.
Hey, thanks to Montane for the use for our theme song,
My Life Is Better With You.
I mean, we can't, we're behind the scenes
on this one, folks.
Oh, yeah.
We have the scoop.
Yeah, we can't.
It's so rare that we're the one,
that you put up at the curtain and we're also there.
But it's coming.
Hey, do you want the final Yahoo?
Yes, please.
This one was sent in by, this one was sent by Nermal
from the Garfield comics.
Nermal?
Yeah, and thank you, Nermal.
It's not asked by Nermal, though.
It's asked by James.
Not Nermal?
Yeah, it's asked by James, who asks,
how many times have you gone to the movie store?
How many times have you been to the movie store
and they didn't have a copy of your favorite movie,
which was A Walk to Remember with Mandy Moore.
It's your favorite movie.
Thanks.
Love, James.
My name's Sheldon.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me
because your dad's got on the lips.
["Better With You by Ken Meanwhile plays in distance.]
Hey, I'm Jordan Morris, creator of the MaxFun scripted sci-fi comedy podcast, Bubble.
We just released a special episode of Bubble to celebrate the launch of our new graphic
novel.
At SF Sketch Fest in 2019, we recorded a live show with Allison Becker, Eliza Skinner, Mike
Mitchell, Kristella Alonzo, and special guests Jean Grey, Jonathan Coulton, Jesse Thorne,
Nick Weiger, and a bunch of other cool folks.
Start now on MaximumFun.org and wherever you get podcasts, and pick up the graphic novel
at your local bookstore today.
