The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
She's a grand old flag, she's a high-flying flag,
forever may she wave over the land of the free, hum of the brave.
Welcome everybody to our fourth of July celebration.
I'm excited. Did you say hum of the brave?
He's like a super patriotic girl talk. He's just like jamming together all the old standards
written by Francis Scott Key. Is that who did it?
Yeah.
If these remix artists are so keen to save us time, like they're always saying,
let's mash up two pop tunes so you can listen to two at once,
shouldn't they have mashed up every holiday theme into one super theme for each holiday?
I'm saying like one Christmas song that's like jingle bells, home for the holidays,
baby Jesus, just hit all the high notes.
Right. See, what's funny is even after doing this show for so long,
I still have things to learn because I had no idea that DJs did remixes for efficiency sake.
They're just trying to save us time.
Okay.
Is that inaccurate? I mean, what other reason could there be?
If Dr. Girl Talk, if DJ Deadmouth wanted to really save us time,
he wouldn't do a mashup for each holiday.
There would be a single, almost like happy birthday-esque tune that you would just do
at any kind of holiday celebration.
And it would just be like, you know, it's time to celebrate, it's time to feel good.
But then like Halloween, that's kind of weird.
Right.
It's time to feel bad.
Oh, what if we just made it like, it's time to observe.
Oh, that's good. It's not a normal day.
It's not a normal day.
Unless you're Jewish for some people and some days.
Just some days overlap.
Let's not cut them out.
Everybody's welcome, but you may not show up.
Here's the verse about Hanukkah.
Some of you can turn it down or just keep listening.
It's got some good rhymes.
Obviously.
Clearly the rhymes are on point.
Maybe you check it on P for this song.
It would be the Hanukkah verse where it would just catch you up and tell you what you missed.
So this is My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an observant show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest, most observant brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother and I'm not that observant, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
And I don't care about labels.
You don't care? No?
When it comes to observance.
You care about labels for like expiration dates.
Oh yeah, and like clothes and shit.
Yeah, all that.
Griffin only wears name brand clothing.
Yeah, I'm into Abercrombie and Fitch because it's like the more people protest and boycott it,
it is becoming precipitously more stylish for me to wear it.
Griffin, do you like girls that wear Abercrombie and Fitch?
Yes, but if I had one wish, it would probably be for like, you know, a billion bucks or something like that.
Oh, I see.
If I had that-
You think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer?
No, that's actually- I wish they would call ahead.
I don't think it's too much to ask them to call ahead first.
How long are you staying?
I kind of thought you were just going to swing through.
For the entire- for three goddamn months until the middle of August?
No, no, no.
That's not gonna- listen, I have plans.
I'm going to Myrtle Beach soon, soon.
I can't have you staying there.
Will you at least feed the dogs?
You won't? Damn it.
I like girls that feed my dogs for me when I'm at Myrtle Beach.
They water my plants and bring in the paper.
Please don't steal my Reggie Jackson baseball.
Biceball?
What's he in baseball?
God, was Reggie Jackson a baseball player, please?
I'm sure we'll find out.
Please. I'm sure we'll find out in the post.
I want to help somebody.
Here we go.
I find myself in the need of some advice.
In several weeks, a very good friend of mine is leaving our city to pursue
a Ph.D. or through- I am quite sad he is leaving-
That was a though, not a through.
Though I am quite sad he is leaving my general vicinity,
I am also excited he got into his number one college
and will be studying his favorite subjects.
Here's my problem.
I want to get him something meaningful,
but I don't know what the man version of frame college-
Oh, sorry.
Jesus, Justin.
I don't know what the man version of frame photo collage
of some of our favorite memories with a thoughtful letter written on the back.
What can I get him that will be meaningful but won't be too girly?
P.S. I'm a gay lady, so this isn't about a sad loss of love that could have been.
Thank you, Megan, for clearing that up.
Yeah, because our fucking stupid troglodyte brains would have just been like,
oh, I tell you, you love thing.
You wait, time may stop, baby, let's get this done.
Like, I'm glad that you cleared that up for us.
See, I think that would be a very nice gift.
Yeah, you're kind of casting some dispersions right now,
because like, guys like that shit too.
Is this straightophobia?
Is something going on here?
I think it is.
Is this a case of straightophobia?
What do you call it when you're prejudiced against straight dudes?
I think I just termed it.
Nothing.
It's called nothing at all.
It's called not a thing at all.
It's called not anything that anyone should worry about.
Not a problem.
Everybody's medicine.
You just have to take it.
I mean, I do think that this is one time where, I mean,
she would probably know her friend better than us, one would hope.
So maybe she knows that he wouldn't necessarily be the sort of dude
that would enjoy a frame photo.
He's a Brock Stone chin type.
He's just not interested in frills.
He's too afraid to feel.
Maybe this is the doorway into his emotions, though.
Maybe you give him this key and he's like,
he's just going to feel everything all at once.
Oh, that could be scary, though.
Yeah, that might be a little frightening.
I can get intense.
Can you get him a football or a basketball?
A set of shoulder pads, maybe.
Get this to your new college and dunk it.
Give him a football and write hometown on it.
Why would someone always remember his hometown?
Yeah.
For all the touchdowns you're going to score.
Oh, what if you just say like,
make a touchdown in your doctorate studies.
That's not good.
He's going to get beat up.
Yeah, and also, it's a good point.
Anybody who's getting their doctorate
probably doesn't like football.
I would think maybe not a photo collage, okay?
That's probably a bit much, but maybe a photo.
Something that he could remember you by.
I think that would be kind of nice, actually.
If you guys have a joint favorite movie or TV show,
you could always get him that and that way he'll watch it.
That's such a lazy gift.
More than just printing off a photo and pumping in a frame.
Now, here's the thing about the photo versus photo collage.
If I go to someone's home
and I see a photo of them with a person,
I'll probably won't even ask about it.
I'll probably just think like,
oh, that's a special person.
If I see a photo collage, in my mind, that person died.
Oh, okay.
That's a altar.
Can we do a collage of something that's not photos?
Like words cut out of magazines?
No, not like a fucking-
There's a word for that.
Yeah, that's a ransom note.
I'm thinking more along the lines of lunch meats.
I guess what I'm saying
is that you should get him a tray of lunch meats.
Framed?
Framed if you want,
but it's really just gonna add an extra step
between him and getting partying down on those lunch meats.
If you think about it, that's how Lunchables really are.
Just frame Lunchables.
Get him a box of Lunchables right home town on it.
And send him on his way.
Make it like a bulk box,
because you don't want to get him just one.
You'll look cheap.
Get him a big box from the Costco.
Get him something that's really gonna help him
establish a character at his new college.
He could be the Lunchable guy.
Well, I was gonna say a snake.
Oh, okay.
Get him a snake, and then he's like,
that guy, that's gonna help him get his-
Does anybody want to be that guy?
Does anybody want to be Snake Guy?
Jake the Snake Roberts.
Nobody wants to be Snake Guy,
but somebody has to be Snake Guy.
Jake the Snake Roberts didn't want to be Snake Guy.
He unintentionally built a career around being Snake Guy.
Like, being Snake Guy paid the fucking bills,
but as soon as Jake the Snake Roberts got home,
he threw that snake in the garbage
and bought a new one the next day.
And that kind of frivolity
is what made snake prices go up so high.
And it also ruined Jake the Snake Roberts.
Because he had a house full of snakes.
Well-
They're not gonna stay in the garbage can.
He had a bank account full of snake receipts,
but not money.
And he can't spend snake receipts at the-
at the Piggly Wiggly, you know?
He must have been so excited when he figured out
that Jake and Snake run.
Jake the Lake.
No, no.
Jake the Quake?
Uh, gotta get fat.
That's actually pretty good.
Jake the Quake Roberts?
He would have to get fat for that to work.
You can't be skinny and be the quake.
Jake the Fake.
Oh no, no, no.
It could have been Jake the Quaker and then-
Jaker the Quaker Roberts.
Yeah.
Oh, he outed him.
Oh, he's been outed.
He just dumped oats on him at his finisher.
Okay, we can't keep fucking propagating these stereotypes.
Like Quakers are into way more shit than just-
I just meant-
I just meant that they don't listen.
You don't know that?
That's probably true.
So I think we're saying-
Listen, if I can't make fun of anybody,
can it be the people that don't listen?
Yeah.
Yeah, because you know what?
Yeah, you know what?
Fuck those people.
They're not even going to give us a shot.
They're not even going to try our podcast.
I'm saying-
I'm not even making fun of Quakers.
I'm saying they're horde.
Quakers are horde.
Oh, by the way, question, Meaghan.
You're welcome.
Yeah.
So give him a photo collage of Jake the Snake Roberts.
Oh my god, that would be awesome.
Ooh, ooh.
Give him the photo collage of Jake the Snake Roberts snake
that got killed by, I wanna say, Brett the Hitman Hart.
Thank you, everybody, for sending in Yahoo's.
This Yahoo was sent in by Scott Ackerman.
Thank you, Scott Ackerman.
It's by Yahoo Answers user ARJ2288, who asks,
how does Shaq have mental conversations?
What?
Shaq claimed at the 2009 NBA draft
that he had mental conversations with LeBron James.
Quote, I haven't had any verbal conversations with LeBron,
but I've had many mental conversations with him.
How is this possible?
The obvious answer is that they are both Tomorrow people.
If you remember that.
Maybe they're both fey.
Maybe they're each half fey.
They might be of-
I've always said that Shaq does seem of the fey wild, but-
If you look at-
If you kind of catch him out of the corner of your eye,
his eyes are all black.
Mm-hmm.
And vampires are always trying to get him.
Yep.
Could it be that they are the same person separated at birth?
No, wait, that doesn't work.
Or time travel.
When Shaq time traveled-
Dimensional travel.
I don't think that's-
I think that's just like movement in space.
I think just walking is dimensional.
I meant like other dimensions.
I know he's a number one jokester of the entire league,
but I think there's probably some truth to this.
I think there's probably-
I don't think you get to be the hugest man on earth
and not also be evolved in other,
perhaps more supernatural ways.
So what are you implying here, Griffin?
I am implying that
Shaquille O'Neal is a mutant.
He is homo superior, is what I'm saying.
I see.
Not only in terms of dunking,
but in terms of like,
he can probably move shit with his mind.
Now, here's the thing, though.
If you believe in a fair and just God,
do you honestly believe that he would create a human being
that is both gigantic and has hyperkinesia?
Hyperkinesis is ADD, so do you want something else?
Yes, it did.
But I can't remember the word,
so I'm sticking with hyperkinesis.
Okay, cool.
Griffin, I think if Shaq could move things with his mind,
then he'd probably be able to hit one from the three.
What?
If you guys know what I'm talking about.
Taco nexus.
You know what you're talking about?
Griffin, I didn't hear what you were saying.
I said taco-
I thought you said taco nexus.
I said taco nexus.
I thought you said taco nexus.
I said taco nexus.
Taco nexus syndrome.
You remember that commercial where Shaq eats the tacos?
You guys not remember taco nexus syndrome?
I can't believe I have to explain to the two of you.
Of all people, what taco nexus is.
Prominent watchers of television and eaters of food.
Known Taco Bell enthusiasts.
There's a commercial where Shaq was shooting threes.
This is gonna be funny.
He's making all of them.
He's making all the threes, which he's not known for.
I guess it's not his core competency.
Right.
And it pans back-
Or is it foul shots?
Is that what he has a problem with?
No, it's a three.
It's hitting it in the paint.
I think it's hitting it in the paint.
Well, he takes it to the paint.
He keeps it in the paint, but he doesn't-
Once he's there, he has no fucking idea what to do with it.
Except just like run at the basket as fast as he can
and just sort of bull rush it.
And he's the size of two full grown men.
So like there's no stopping him.
But if he has to make it from the paint,
then he's in a world of trouble.
Anyway, cuts back to him-
You're talking about taco nexus.
He's making all these sweet threes and pans back,
and his neck is like tilted to one side.
And they're like, what?
How did it happen?
And some doctor is like, he's got taco neck syndrome.
And when you tilt your head so you don't tilt the taco,
you tilt your head so you don't lose any of the sweet meats in there.
He has Doritos Locos taco syndrome.
Do you mean diabetes?
Yes, I do.
No, that's just when you get crumble fingers.
America, it's your friend Justin McElroy.
Just tilt the taco.
Trust me, you can lose-
We have to stop taco neck syndrome.
Of the cheese shreds.
Man, can you imagine how funny this would have been
if that commercial was still on or had been on
in this presidential administration?
Do you think-
Hey guys, where's the beef?
Fuck.
Cut it out, Justin.
Cut it out.
Do you think that playing basketball with somebody enough
sort of gives you that sort of instinctive,
like sort of gives you a form of extra sensory perception
as to what that person is thinking?
Because like if the three of us played basketball with each other
our entire lives as opposed to just the four or five times
that we did it in the basketball court
that we had in our backyard for some reason.
Like whenever we get on the court,
like I would know if Travis wants me to get free
and get in the paint, you know what I mean?
I would know when Justin is about to run up for a dunk
and needs me to set him up for a layup.
Maybe you should just always assume
that I want you to get free and get in the paint.
If I'm going to run in for a dunk,
why are you going to put me in for-
Oh, so I'm going to dish you the rock, basically.
Or you could fake dish it, you could fake left
and then dish right.
You know how in NBA Jam, sometimes you go up
and you jump up in the air to like dunk it
and then you somehow throw the ball behind your head
without moving your arms at like 200 miles an hour?
Uh-huh.
That's the kind of maneuver that I'm banking on you doing.
But I don't need to fucking tell you this
because we've been playing basketball together for so long
that we have a psychic tether.
Wait, maybe Kobe and Shaq are communicating-
LeBron.
But LeBron doesn't play on the same team, does he?
LeBron, and it doesn't matter.
LeBron and Shaq are communicating,
but the way this communication is actually through basketball.
Maybe when he was missing all those sweet threes,
Shaq was actually using an advanced form of communication
to send a message to LeBron.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a code.
It's a code, right?
Like he misses three threes in a row
and LeBron's like, ah, sense of disturbance in the basketball force.
I know that I can't, I forget what we were saying,
get drafted by somebody.
I don't really understand basketball.
I actually, I prefer to think of it
like with them not being on the same team
that like Shaquille misses a three and like thinks really hard.
Like I'm really sad that I missed that three
and LeBron from like across the country thinks back like,
it'll be okay, man.
You'll get it next time.
And he feels a little bit better.
Yeah, because they're all a lot better.
They're not on the same team.
They're not on the same team,
but they're, you know, they're all on this together.
Yeah, they're on a team I like to call the human race.
Yeah, I'm also the National Basketball Association.
There's that.
That's a slightly smaller fraternity, but sure.
Hey, I wanna help somebody else.
Here we go.
I'm a full-time yoga instructor.
I have dated a few girls who come into the yoga studio
and it always ends up not working out.
I get the impression they expect me to be different
from other guys they've dated.
And in a lot of ways I am.
I mean, I'm pretty great.
I'm pretty great and I'm bendy and shit, I guess.
I think in their mind, I sit around and meditate all day.
How do I give them a reasonable expectation
of who I am outside the yoga studio?
Or should I stop dating girls from there all together?
And that's from Let's Namaste Friends.
Question of the year nominee.
Yeah, 2013.
Pretty good so far.
Hey, listen, just from me to you,
as somebody who's been down the show before,
maybe you start by thinking of them as women.
Oh, nice.
Think about it.
Next question.
Hate to put you on blast.
I hate to put you on blast.
Could you sneak it into your yoga lessons
where you're like, okay, we're gonna do downward dog.
Everyone breathe.
Also, did anyone check out Breaking Bad last night?
That's pretty cool, right?
Anyways, and just move on.
I mean-
That's a lot of pressure
because I think that what he's ignoring
is not his behaviors so much as they're gonna,
they're gonna expect him to know some positions.
They're gonna expect him to give them some predicaments.
I don't think that's what he's talking about.
I don't think-
I don't think it is either.
That is not the context of the question.
Sometimes I don't think about things before I say them.
Sure.
Come on.
You know me better than this.
I was using basketball telepathy to tell you I was sorry.
You were trying to take it to the paint.
What if while he was teaching yoga,
periodically he would stop and just like,
chomp some Pringles?
Just like in the middle.
I mean, if it's like Bikram hot yoga,
like you're probably not gonna want a salty snack
in the middle of it.
I can't imagine doing hot yoga
and wanting to smell Pringles,
let alone eat them.
I-
And can you do it when they're in a position
and they're not facing you?
So they're waiting for you to tell them?
They just hear-
Well, first they'll hear that pop,
that telltale pop.
Just go from ear to ear whispering,
listen, I popped.
Now I can't stop.
I'm gonna need like 15, 20 minutes
to clear the cache here.
They'll hear the pop,
they'll hear a whiff,
they'll hear yummy.
That's all they're gonna hear.
And then just walk by
and like gently adjust their positions,
but really you're wiping your fingers off on their shit.
That's a good way to set the bar real low.
I got some sour cream dust.
I'm just gonna-
Okay, great.
You're gonna want to wash this, Matt.
You can call me though if you want to.
I'm just like every other guy.
Hey, do you want a date?
Do you want a chip?
Just kidding, I popped,
so I legally couldn't stop.
I slammed all those delicious Pringles.
They have a lot of flavors of Pringles.
They do.
When was the last time you guys checked?
They have like spicy dill pickle.
It's extreme dill pickle, Justin, please.
Aww.
I fucking love Pringles.
Here's what you do.
You get the extreme dill, right?
Can we not do a Pringles cooking segment
in the middle of our show?
And then you shuffle them together, right?
So you get dill and ranch in the same bite.
I just think we're gonna enter a future
where all of our meals are delivered via Pringles.
I mean, it is the best way to do,
to transfer that particular food stuff,
but can we just not put,
can we not wait?
Can we not just enjoy these last remaining years
before all of our things come in cans
in convex shapes?
You know, technically,
Pringles aren't chips, they're crisps.
Oh, come on.
They're reconstituted potato flakes.
And that was, they used to call them chips
in the potato chip.
There was a big lawsuit.
Yeah, it's got really bad.
Who the fuck eats a Pringles like,
oh, what the fuck?
I was told there would be chips.
Nobody, but thanks lobbyists, you know?
You know, Griffin, if you ever watched Unwrapped,
you would know that.
Yeah, well, I mean, if they,
I understand that they would think that,
but also that's kind of on them.
I mean, why would they assume
that you would just yoga all the time?
My girl likes to do yoga all the time.
Yeah, you can't live a yoga lifestyle
24 hours a day.
I mean, I know some people are out there doing it,
but he's just like any other guy.
And if they assume otherwise
because of one facet of their personality,
you know, I think that they're not the person
you were gonna end up with anyway.
But I totally get it,
because this is like the one,
this career is completely characterized
by soft speech and like a sort of enlightenment.
Like, I don't do yoga, of course.
Like, look at my, just look at my body.
Look at what I'm working with.
This is not a yoga body.
It just isn't.
I tried to do yoga.
Day one, the instructor was like,
I'm sorry, that is not a yoga body.
I need you to go.
You're making everybody else feel bad for you.
Isn't that something you build to?
No.
You just have it or you don't?
No, it's like, are you an endomorph or an ectomorph?
Like, it's based entirely on your body shape.
I'm an o-morph.
It means my body, like I can maintain,
but I can't get any better than where I'm at right now.
Anyway, I don't want to talk about that anymore.
What I'm saying is that this is a career
determined by enlightenment.
And so you put out this facade of enlightenment
that people, like you can't just like get in your car
and like throw in a Brooks and Dunc cassette.
Like, people are gonna-
But the difference is like, you're not,
you're not like a Buddhist Zen teacher.
You're a yoga teacher.
Right, but you still have to-
Like, that's where I get confused by the like,
kind of assumption of enlightenment.
I don't think that it's the same deal.
But there's no yoga instructor who's like,
all right guys, let's fucking do this.
I would go to that yoga class though.
Throws on the Mortal Kombat soundtrack and is like,
bend your butt.
Put your butt on your back.
Liu Kang.
Put your butt in the air and hold it there.
Coward.
Make sure to maintain your breathing.
Right in.
There's one part of the email that I neglected to read
that sort of disproves his question.
Because he says, I'm still a guy.
I like to watch the Simpsons, pro sports,
and sometimes when I nap, I fart in my sleep.
And you know what, I thought about it,
and you have got to be really in touch with your body
to know if you fart when you sleep.
You just wake up and just write in your dream journal,
six, six of them today.
Oh no, the number is increasing.
Every time he toots, he has to say namaste.
And so he wakes himself up.
I think he probably says namaste.
Stupid.
Let's take it from an urban setting to a more rural.
Fuck.
Let's take it from an urban setting to a more rural one
with farm wisdom.
You know, I really can't introduce the bit
and then sing the theme song and then take it up.
That's like a three person job
that I'm trying to take on to myself.
It's uniquely American, but farm wisdom, farm wisdom.
Pick up your pitch for farm wisdom.
Are you done?
I can never tell when you're done.
You end with upward inflection.
Like you're asking a question in song.
This first one comes from Johnny and Johnny says,
if you have a problem with rabbits messing your garden up,
spread human hair throughout the soil.
Rabbits hate the smell of human hair.
Hey, this is some pretty cool stew you made.
This is some really cool vegetable stew that you made.
One issue though.
It looks like a dad's chest in my bowl right now.
And I don't know what the fuck's going on.
You could probably like go to a barbershop
and get like their clippings like that.
You have to use your own hair.
And I imagine you wash the vegetables before you use them.
Yeah, do you mind if I just come to the barber?
Hey, barber.
Hi, barber.
Thanks for taking my call.
Real quick.
I was wondering if I could do one thing
that might be a little strange.
Can I have all the hair?
I brought my own bag.
It's reusable.
I brought my own bag and a little scooper.
Just get in there.
I, does it twist anybody else's perception
of the human rabbit relationship?
If you know that every time like a child
picks up a little bunny, that bunny is thinking,
ugh, you stinky bastard.
Oh, what is that smell?
Oh God, is that you?
Oh, he's going to kiss me.
Oh, I'm going to smell like this for days.
I can't get this out of my snoot.
This next one comes from Alyssa who says,
did you know that if you see a bull snake around your house,
that means you don't have any rattlesnakes around?
Bull snakes will murder the fuck out of them.
Thank you, Alyssa.
If I see a bull snake around my house,
it also means that I don't own that house anymore.
Yeah.
My reaction whenever I see a snake is never like,
oh, great.
Fantastic.
Because what that basically is telling you
is the thing that can kill,
the thing that can kill you,
it lives in your house.
Let me identify that so I know how to react to it.
No, can't I just have a ricky-ticky-tabby
running around my house?
That would be fine.
Yeah.
Adorable little mongoose.
Now somebody's going to tell me the mongooses are mean.
They're probably not monkeys, first off.
And they're also probably not like the friendliest creatures.
They're bred to, they are bred to fight.
You know what I mean?
They're bred to kill snakes.
Yeah.
Anything whose main diet can,
if like, if the only thing I ate was great white sharks,
you probably wouldn't want to like chill with me.
I disagree.
I think you'd be like the coolest.
I'd have so many questions.
Yeah.
What's it taste like?
How do you get a steady supply?
Can I have some?
No.
Aren't those endangered?
Are you in prison?
They're endangered-er now.
With every bite, with every bite.
A little more endangered.
There are only a hundred thousand and eight point four left
because I am halfway through this meal.
You could actually come back.
I think they're big enough that you could just catch one,
grab a couple of fillets, ice them down,
and then release them back in the wild.
Let him heal up.
Now the great white's going to be pissed.
Yeah.
He's going to be, that's why they're all so angry
because Griffin keeps stealing fillets from them.
Pat, who's this first message for?
This first message is for Wilson.
Well, then it could only be from Ryan, I assume.
They're like buds forever.
Griffin, I want you to read this with the appropriate inflection.
Hey, Wilson.
Yeah, you, Wilson.
I don't know what to write.
What do you want me to do?
You're doing great.
Yeah, keep going.
You're doing great.
Is this freaking you out?
I bet it is.
Happy 21st birthday, you magnificent son of a bitch.
I like to imagine that right now they're in the same car
and Ryan just staring at him with a knife.
This is the last thing that happens.
Can we get one money zone that's just like,
this is how it ends.
Happy birthday.
Okay.
I'll be waiting for you at home.
The trap is sprung.
Thank you.
Thank you to both of you.
Your friendship sounds deeply, grossly rewarding.
Speaking of grossly rewarding,
let's talk about ExtremeRestraints.com.
It's an adult superstore where you can find a whole cornucopia of sexual delight.
H-O-L-E.
H-O-L-E.
H-O-L-E. Travis, you have a list, right?
Of our new coupon code, by the way.
It's going to save you 20% as sexabunga.
And Travis, I feel like you have heard,
you've gotten a communique from the ExtremeRestraints.com
of some of the items that have been purchased with this coupon code.
Now, of course, they don't attach names or anything,
so we don't know which one of you is the friend.
I also want to say, this comes straight from James.
This is market research, people.
My brother, my brother and me
has the sexiest, most adventurous listeners of anyone out there ever.
This is my life's fucking greatest accomplishment.
That we have created something
that is like a burning flame to all these fucking sex models.
I love it.
I think my favorite item on this list,
only because of the word choices,
is silicone derriere plug.
Oh my, how dignified.
I know.
That's also with a tea set, which is weird.
Oh, Daryl, Daryl, would you be a deer
and insert that plug into my derriere?
The one sitting on the doily, yes.
It's the one on the doily,
protecting the table from my natural oil.
If it won't fit, feel free to use some of my wig powder
to reduce the friction, Jeremy.
I also see on here that somebody bought a joint purse dress
of a male masturbation device and a strap-on.
They're not planning on doing anything
except putting the strap-on into the masturbation device.
I mean, that would seem like the obvious option here.
Maybe they'll be out of town for a while
and they want robbers to think someone's in there fucking.
Right, the flashlight is just a holster for the strap-on.
Like a sheath, a scabbard, if you will.
There's also a set of stainless steel kegel balls
purchased by itself,
and I want to say to whatever lady purchased that,
good for you.
Good for you.
You may not even have a man right now,
but when you do, you gonna be ready.
And?
You're gonna be ready to tear him apart.
And not only that,
but when you're not enjoying them in the traditional way,
you can take a couple fushigi lessons.
Perfect.
Perfecto.
Perfectamundo.
Perfecto.
So go to ExtremeRestraints.com,
use the coupon code Sexabunga, save yourself 20%,
and maybe you'll be sort of secondhand famous.
Who knows?
It's impossible to say.
But don't, you know, don't worry.
We're never gonna blow up your spot.
It's your secret, but you know what?
It shouldn't even be a secret.
Everybody just try something new.
You're worth it.
You've earned it.
Spice it up in there.
Easy, pretty, beautiful.
Hi, this is Biz.
And I'm Teresa.
And we host a show about being new moms.
Have you ever pretended to be a sleeping rock
to make your three-year-old play by yourself?
How about scream singing to make yourself think
you aren't screaming?
You're singing really, really loud!
Join us every week for more helpful tips
on creative parenting.
And remember, you don't have to park your toddler
in front of the TV to be one bad mother.
Subscribe for free on iTunes or go to MaximumFun.org.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Wayne Rowan.
Thank you, Wayne.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sophie who asks,
do horses have any emotions that humans don't have?
I am actually doing a horse behavior presentation
for an equine class I'm in.
But I was wondering if horses had exactly the same emotions
that we humans do.
Humans as in parentheses, as if like,
you didn't fucking know.
As we humans do.
I went on a website that told me the types of behavior
that horses have.
Buckle your asses in.
Can I make one quick point before you tell me
that horses have any emotions that humans don't have?
Quick point before you tell me the behavior,
the things that horses have.
I want to see if you did get something valuable from this
before your presentation.
I definitely, definitely can't wait to see
this line on the bibliography.
I can't wait to see how you cite the information
you received from Yahoo Answers.
Acceptance.
That's fair.
If you're professionally being ridden,
it's not ideal, but I don't have a noticeable bum, so.
I love oats and apples.
Affection, sure.
This is my favorite.
Anger one and anger two.
Anger one is like a quiet, reserved anger,
and anger two is like an explosion of biting.
It's just spurs.
That's the only thing that the,
if they see spurs like, ah.
Ah, no.
I am angry one.
Breaking out the dose today.
Annoyance.
Who doesn't?
Apathy.
Well, fine.
Oats.
I accepted too much.
Oats, I guess.
Another ride, ugh.
Yeah, sure.
Perfect.
Whatever.
Jumps, tricks, it's all the same.
Beautifully soaring through nature
like an earthbound dragon, sure, why not?
Anxiety.
What if I run out of oats?
Could happen.
Boredom.
Well, what?
Okay, I can't blame them too much for that.
Right, it's like they can't even watch Game of Thrones.
Like, what?
Like, they don't get HBO.
Could you turn the TV towards the window, please?
Right.
Towards the window.
I got a big day today.
I'm either gonna stand in grass or run in a loop.
I can't wait to see what fate has in store.
Well, I mean, that's okay.
Tame horses, yes.
I could see them falling prey to boredom.
Wild horses, are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Boredom for a wild horse, it can't happen.
Wild horses aren't familiar with this emotion
because they can just go jump over a brook
they've never jumped over before.
I have to imagine that for a wild horse,
it's mainly about anxiety because they're very fast
and I can see a situation where you're in a conversation
deep with another horse friend
and then all of a sudden you look at them and you think,
hey, Rodrigo, have you seen any grass for a while?
And then Rodrigo's like, oh my God, you're right.
There's no grass.
And they're in the middle of a parking lot.
They're in a parking lot.
Oh, great.
This is gonna be on the news.
Was no one paying attention?
Who was following who?
I'm feeling annoyance right now,
which could be upgraded to anger one
if something doesn't change.
If you keep running your fucking mouth, Rodrigo,
it's gonna get upgraded to anger two
and you don't want to see that.
So maybe just relax while we figure this out.
Compassion.
It's got a fat rider.
It's too bad.
You see Lucy?
Lucy's got a fat rider.
I know.
Poor thing.
If you are a being that is mainly bred to be ridden
and you can still work up compassion for anything else,
like, God bless you.
That is a beautiful, beautiful reserve of goodwill.
Well, they feel bad for the burros.
For the burros.
Sure.
Sure, they do.
For the burros.
Yeah.
No, roll the R's because it's not authentic if you don't.
Thank you.
I don't know what animal you're talking about
if you don't roll the R.
Uh, contentment.
Very few horses, I imagine, feel this.
Orb definitely feel, orb appreciates the fact
that he has reached the physical fucking apex
of possibly any creature on the planet.
That's just anxiety, right?
And even if you win the Kentucky Derby,
it's like, well, am I going to get the triple crown?
That's what everybody starts asking.
That's a lot of pressure.
Am I going to be able to fucking keep up
this perfect body until the preakness?
They're going to shower me in oats after this fucking thing.
What if I can't perform my stud duties?
Right.
Oh, man.
I bet orb-
That's rough.
I bet orb fucks like a cylinder.
Like a stallion.
There's a whole saying where someone says
they're hung like a U.
Yeah, that's a lot of pressure.
Curiosity?
Doubtful.
Based on what?
Why is that doubtful?
Like, what are they curious about?
They have everything they need.
I wonder what driving a car is like.
Right.
If they are curious about it, I refuse to-
If they're curious about anything,
like, they're not-
They're certainly not acting on it
because they seem to be kind of in a rut as a species.
Yeah, nobody's ever said curiosity killed the horse
because a horse will see like-
A fucking helicopter could land next to a horse
and a horse would be like,
that's not an apple.
Is that an apple?
You check for a stem.
Nope, no stem.
No, thanks.
Come back when you're hay.
Fear?
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, daily.
If there's a bull-
If there's a bull snake around,
those things are terrified.
Loneliness?
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Physical suffering.
Yes, sure.
Definitely, 100%.
Absolutely.
Their entire being is suspended
in a state of constant suffering.
So, yes.
Think about how sad-
When horses get the spurs
and then they run faster,
they're trying to run away from a danger
that is like physically attached to them.
Right.
That's the saddest thing in the world.
Which most humans have,
but do horses have any emotions that humans don't have
or that humans can't relate to?
Thanks.
Prance?
A ladder?
Yes.
What?
Prancing?
Prancing is my-
Okay.
Yeah.
I've never felt prancing.
I don't think that's beyond human-
It's beyond you, yes.
Just because of like your physique.
No offense.
Wouldn't you think, though,
that if the horses did have an emotion
that we don't have in humankind,
then we probably don't have a human word for it, right?
Right.
It's sort of like-
It's kind of like the flavor umami.
Sure.
It's an indescribable thing.
It's like if there were any new colors that we didn't know,
we would know about it.
You know what I mean?
Are there any suggestions from Yahoo answerers
as to some emotions that horses might feel
that we might not be able to detect?
Yahoo answers user MsEquine responded and said,
all that you listed-
Wait, hold on.
I don't know if they're saying that her list was comprehensive
or that MsEquine is incapable of feeling acceptance,
affection, anger 1, anger 2, annoyance, apathy, anxiety,
boredom, compassion, consent, and curiosity,
fear, loneliness, and physical suffering.
First I've heard of it.
What is this stuff?
Compassion.
Go on.
Oh, MsEquine.
Yahoo answers user Zakit says,
I do not believe they have compassion.
I've seen some horses do some cold ass shit.
If anything happens to another horse,
the horse is unlikely to help out.
He might just continue to graze
or to watch with mild interest.
What do you want the horse to do?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Fucking cut it out, man.
To be fair, it says compassion.
That doesn't necessarily mean that
they're going to do anything about it.
They could just feel real bad about it
and be like, well, what am I going to do?
I don't have thumbs.
Just got these hooves.
If you have a hoof related debacle for me to fix, maybe.
Am I supposed to pull a rock out of your shoe?
What am I supposed to do?
I'm a horse.
I'll give you some hay.
No, I need it.
Yahoo answers user blackcatmagic says,
I think it's foolish to think that
we know exactly what horses feel.
Maybe they do feel all the things that we do,
but have different ways of showing it
that we can't begin to understand.
Maybe they don't show certain emotions at all,
but that doesn't mean they aren't feeling.
Until horses learn to talk,
we'll never know, smiley face.
Until.
Yeah, I like the conditional.
Until.
The conditional in that statement is wonderful.
Until.
Until.
For now.
Much like man used to stare into the skies and wonder.
By 2017, think how foolish this question will appear.
God.
Horsebizgirl says,
horses don't feel guilty about things.
Humans feel regret.
Horses don't.
Horses lost a big race.
Oh well, oats.
Trampled that kid.
Oats.
I have a question.
If horses don't feel bad about anything in their past,
why are they running?
Think about it.
Are they running to something?
No, they're running away.
I want to know if a horse can feel shame.
What would a horse-
Plenty of opportunities to feel that, if so.
What could a horse possibly be ashamed of?
Like, hey, you just pooped in the middle of the street.
I guess.
You're dragging a cart for a living.
You're majestic.
What are you doing?
I know I'm ashamed.
There's an emotion that I've never felt that I bet horses could feel.
Like, there might be some based on their understanding of the world.
Like, there might be a feeling of,
can someone please learn how to cook oats?
There has to be a way to cook oats.
I would never have that emotion.
And that's why I don't have an English way of translating it,
but I bet that feeling is kind of a present part of their day.
They think-
You're saying that they are constantly disappointed in oats.
Right.
Oats because we keep giving them,
but they can't express a preference for one or the other.
Maybe they're sitting there like,
can I please just have like a hamburger or something?
See you doing it.
Is there-
Do you think horses feel disappointment in us?
In humanity?
Yeah.
I should hope so.
I mean, we've not been great custodians at this time.
No.
In fact, I think they're kind of getting the shitty end of this deal.
The deal we struck up between us and-
We looked at horses gallivanting across the plains of the American West and thought,
I'm gonna sit on that.
Hey, do that for me now.
I could break that.
I'm gonna sit on that forever.
You could-
I'll tell you-
Even after I develop an automobile,
which is by all means much more efficient than my stool,
I'm still going to keep horses and sit on them.
I'm saying-
There may be an emotion for knowing that you're the first horse
to ever let someone sit on them.
And now your children's children's children's children's children
are gonna have a human being strapped to their back.
The first horse that got caught.
What is that feeling like?
You have to carry-
I don't have a word for that.
Well, let's just try this out.
Let's just try this out for a bit and see if we both like it.
Surely human beings will recognize how inefficient this is.
Right.
Surely they'll invent cars.
Don't you have to think there was a horse very near to the Ford plant
and like the first Model T comes out and they're like,
whew!
All right, guys, great news.
I just saw the most wondrous sight.
We're gonna be free now.
We're gonna be a-okay.
I hope they make these cars big enough for us horses to drive.
And even if not, at least we'll be able to run free again.
I hope-
I hope they give us a nice, some like a big area that's just for us.
A whole state just for horses as a nice way of saying we're sorry
for sitting on you for eternity.
Guys, I can't feel anger too.
I just don't-
I don't-
Let me sit up.
Let me sit on you and sit on everyone you've ever met.
That would fucking do it.
We'll see if you can't work it up.
Yeah.
Coming this summer, the sequel to everyone's favorite emotion.
I have an office job, and a new employee was recently hired on.
He seems like a nice normal guy, except for this one thing.
He keeps winking at everybody all the time.
Oh, man.
In almost every conversation he has, usually when he's making a joke
or saying something that could be considered amusing, he winks.
It's making me and my other co-workers a bit uncomfortable.
What should we do about this wacky winker?
Winked at.
Do you know what would make this already hilarious situation even funnier?
I can't stop thinking about it.
It's giving me a Google fit.
What if every time this dude winked, his eyeball made like an audible squishing sound?
Like, just like that, every time he winked.
You know what I'm talking about.
Someone just threw up in their mouth.
Sorry, everybody.
Sorry.
This person is the most confident person that I've ever met.
That has ever lived.
This person is a beautiful soaring eagle, and I don't want you to do anything to change him.
I do not know that I have ever unironically winked at someone ever.
When was the last time you winked at anybody?
I mean, sometimes I'll do it as a joke and actually say the word wink when I do it.
But I've never been like, I'm going to convey a secret message or confidence
via a closing of my eyeball.
Right, you've never hatched a plan in an impromptu nature, unspokenly.
Now, I'll lay my finger to the side of my nose and kind of do like a flick, you know, kind of thing.
Right, but then you think people are asking you to do cocaine.
Okay, that does explain a lot, actually.
If you think about it, a wink is pretty much the boldest gesture you can give.
It's really like setting a wild animal free.
You have so little control over how that is perceived.
Right.
By people.
I don't think I've ever...
If I have winked at someone, I don't think I've ever done it without worrying like,
did they think that was sexual?
Did they think that I was lying?
Did they think that I was having a seizure?
Could you do it?
Okay, this is completely off topic, but do you think that you could wink in like a threatening way?
Or like just in like a wink that conveys nothing?
Just like a neutral wink?
I think if I'm in the ring, if I'm in the boxing ring,
I'm a professional boxer and I'm about to go up against Mayweather.
If I'm going up against the Santa Maria and the Pinta,
if I'm about to fucking lay into some dude with punches
and right before I get to him in the ring, he winks at me, I'm done.
TKO right there.
I don't know what the fuck...
Yeah, I think you can get in an opponent's head in that manner,
in a manner that could be described as threatening.
You have to partner, I think...
I think if you were in the ring with somebody right before the punching was to commence,
you looked at them and said,
hey, I'm not going to punch him.
Wink.
Wink?
Because then it's like, does he mean it?
What does that mean?
Should I not punch him?
Is this an agreement?
I was expecting him to punch me,
so I don't know why he would be letting on that the punching was going to commence.
Are we just going to use our words?
And you would have thought that far before it's like,
haymaker on the mat, one, two, three, four, I'm just going to skip him because you're clearly done.
Ten.
What would you do if you paid big money to get front row seats for a boxing match in Vegas,
and then you got there and then within seconds you realize that they've just turned it into forensics?
They're just getting up there and they're going to do monologues.
With the wink heard around the world.
Right.
Um, I have never received a wink from a stranger and not like felt it,
like physically like it like pushed me back a little bit.
How would you define the physical conduct that you felt from the wink?
Like a smack in the face or like a poke?
It takes my breath away every time.
Wow.
Just because like the power move?
It's just startling because like both of their eyes were open.
You know what I mean?
And they didn't blink.
I would have been fine if both of them had gone down, but I just saw one of them.
And they're going to be off sync for the rest of the day.
You're going to have to be individually winking.
Also, do they want to see my like genital?
Like what, what does it mean?
What are they trying to get across?
What are they trying to tell me?
That, that is what throws people about winks, I think.
Because you...
Can we take back, can we take back the wink so that it's not,
it's not seen as a seductive measure as much as it is like a high five.
Like a, hey, we're all in this together.
You know?
If someone says we're all in this together and then they wink at you,
do they mean that you're not?
Oh, okay.
Is it a subterfuge like double back thing?
I always think a wink means you're lying.
Like that to me is what that like, oh, we'll see if we can go.
That only works if you're facing some kind of like international terrorist
and he's got a gun on you and you look at your partner and go,
oh, I guess, you know, we have to give up wink.
I don't think it works if you're like, you did a really good job on this project.
Right, but then the terrorists will be like,
is this guy trying to, is this guy trying to bone down?
Like...
I'm trying to think back to the times that I've been winked at.
And in retrospect, I'm pretty sure I've never been winked at
and I haven't made a face like I just smelled rotten yogurt.
It's, it, I think it would be like, oh, okay, fine.
Wink at me, I guess.
If a grandpa does it to me, then it reads as like a symbol of familiarity.
Maybe even feigned familiarity, but I don't read it like
this grandpa's trying to get in my jorts, you know?
You're saying it's grandpa safe.
It's grandpa safe. Grandpas can do it.
If a person who has been hired on is winking and is also a grandpa,
then everything I just said is okay.
Okay, what if this, what if it's...
Or a grandma.
What if it's used as a means to convey approval
that you don't want to say out loud?
Like you're talking to someone at a party
and your friend from across the room is,
doesn't want to do like a thumbs up because that's too, that's too much.
But you're saying like, oh, you guys seem to really be hitting it off.
You can convey that with a wink, right?
Where you're like...
If I'm at a party and someone from across the room winks at me,
I'm going to assume they put a bomb in there.
I'm going to assume there's a bomb in the building.
But if it's like your best bud, if it's like your best bud
and kind of does like a half nod, like wink, like you're doing it.
If it's a good party, Davey, and then he winks at me,
I'm like, oh God, you're going to kill everybody in here, aren't you?
Fuck, this is a party.
You will reflexively just mouth back to him.
Upstairs.
Upstairs.
Why are you doing this to me?
What if every time he winked at you, you winked right back?
Twice.
Twice.
Let him know what it's like.
Cause I think this guy maybe doesn't have a world view
where people have winked at him a lot.
So if you wink at this guy, then he's going to feel those.
Let him know how weird it is.
Also, only do this to this person in the restroom.
That'll really break him of this habit.
Hey, hey.
Nice penis.
Boink, boink.
Is it appropriate to leave a small party?
Six people.
When someone puts on Gangnam style and asks everyone to start dancing.
That's from Unsure in Oklahoma.
Oh, this is the shittiest.
Oops, you're in the shittiest party.
I would actually argue that six people does not constitute a small party.
Well, it's not a party until Gangnam style comes on and then uh oh, it is.
It is a small party in the Dungeons and Dragons sense,
but not in the typical social sense.
Here's, okay, the verbiage in this question that really throws me off.
He said, if you had asked, is it appropriate to leave a small party
when someone puts on Gangnam style and everyone starts dancing?
Yeah, if you leave that, if you leave that, then you're a stick in the mud.
Uh huh.
But if you, when someone puts on Gangnam style and asks everyone.
Attention, please.
Attention, please.
Can we all rise to our feet?
I'm going to teach everyone the dance.
I learned it from YouTube.
Lever up.
Move your legs from side to side as if you were straddling an invisible pony.
Dance, you beautiful bastards.
This, we are golden gods.
There, the fun thing about this question is that this person has already lived this scenario
and one of two things happened.
Either they, they feel bad because someone said everyone start dancing to Gangnam style
and they said, I'm leaving.
And then they walked out the door and never looked back.
Or they did do it and they dance and they're wondering, was there another way?
Was there an alternate option?
Now, I think it was the former and I think the next day the host of the party,
this, this psychopath who dictates when the dancing occurs,
she came up to them and was like, hey, what the fuck, man?
Like we were having a great time last night.
That was inappropriate, Dave.
You left and then there were only five people
and that definitely doesn't count as a party anymore.
You ruined my birthday.
Oh, what if the host of the party was Psy?
Oh, that is egomaniacal.
And he put on his own song and he said, please, it's all I have.
I don't think there's an organism on earth that is more sick of that song than,
than Dr. Psy.
I think I have to assume nobody likes his ballads.
You know what I mean?
Nobody likes his likes his tender lovemaking stuff.
Everybody will try to get into gentlemen, but they're not feeling it.
People.
Yeah.
People, people listen to gentlemen out of fucking courtesy.
You know what I mean?
But the hook, the hook, we owe him this one.
Yeah.
He's given us so much and we in turn have also given him quite a bit.
Yeah.
But the hook on that one does not bring me back.
It's sort of like, it's sort of like how people continue to listen to
If It Makes You Happy by Sheryl Crow
because they, they really appreciated all I want to do so much.
And it was like they, they did all they could do for all I want to do.
They bought the single, they bought the album.
And then when that next album came out with It Makes You Happy,
they thought, well, you know what?
I still owe her.
I am still in debt to her for all the fun that first song brought me.
Right.
Yeah, it's exactly, it's exactly like that.
Yeah.
There's so many similarities between Psy and Sheryl Crow
that I feel like a lot of people just like goes right over their head.
Have you ever seen them in the same room together?
I have not.
No, I have not.
Could it be a Phoenix rebirth?
You think Sheryl, did Sheryl Crow fucking die?
No, I'm saying that Sheryl Crow met with like her advisors
and she said, I need a new persona.
And they said-
She went to Phoenix online university.
Took some classes in Korean.
And she took a minor in hammer dancing.
Did you guys see that mashup?
Oh, that went down good.
When the two of them performed that together,
that's when I knew it wasn't Sheryl Crow
because she's a notorious racist.
A lot of people know that.
All I want to do is have fun with white people.
You probably wouldn't know that she's not a terrific racist
by looking at the crowds at her shows.
You would assume that this is just a place
where non-white people are not allowed.
But that does explain all the Sheryl Crow laws.
Fuck, I've got some history into it.
Good work, Travis.
Hey, Travis, Travis, I'm proud of the reference you just made.
Thank you, Griffin.
That's an emotional word that's never experienced.
I'm proud of your Sheryl Crow joke.
That's one they don't know.
Hey, listen, thank you so much for spending an hour with us,
my brother, my brother, me.
We really hope you've had as much fun
as we pretended to have listening to the show.
Thank you to people tweeting about it.
Kembo Soup tweeted,
Sexabunga, it's Pride weekend in SF.
What did we fucking say?
What did we explicitly say?
We explicitly said, don't type that out.
Don't ever put it in text.
But he's on blast and he knows it,
so I'm sure he feels terrible.
Michael Harrison, thank you.
Vincent Perea, maybe.
Mason Church, Claire, Large Demon,
Brianna Cole, Kat, Josh Renner,
Trevor Wattman, Paul Peacock,
Eric Edens, Justin Blankenship.
Thank you so much, everybody tweeting about the show.
Hey, maybe tweet out a sampler of our show.
It's bit.ly forward slash mbmbam2013.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
instead of departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
Did you buy that yet, folks?
Did you, hey, go get that album.
Let me just really quick,
can I look at your bank statement
and see if there's a Telltale iTunes receipt on there?
Thank you, John Roderick.
Also, Juice, mention the PO box.
We haven't mentioned that in a while.
Oh yeah, we have a mailbox
where you can send us physical objects of your affection.
Please don't send any more weird things.
We got another weird envelope
that just had like six unrelated items in it
and that really skeezes me out.
Please don't do that.
And don't now do it as like a joke about that.
Like I won't enjoy it.
We have expressly said that's our least favorite thing.
But if you want to send us wedding invitations, go for it.
Yeah, those are always sweet.
PO box 54, Huntington, West Virginia, 25706.
We got one from Morocco.
It's in the Sahara from Bill, Bill Andrews.
He's in Marrakesh, Morocco.
Awesome.
Oh, I had no idea what you were talking about.
You said Morocco.
Nobody shortens that to that.
I'm just telling you what it says.
Why wouldn't you say Rocco?
I'm in the co.
He's in the, and it's real
because there's like weird stamps I don't recognize.
So thank you to Bill.
That's a really cool postcard to get and I'll put it.
I've been looking at it and brings me great joy.
Thank you, Bill.
Also, everyone should check out our other max fun podcast.
We're growing every, it seems like every day.
And most recently, we've added a new podcast called saw bones
featuring our own Justin McRoy and Sydney McRoy, his wonderful wife.
The latest episode is about Mercury.
It's really great.
Check it out and thank you so much for listening.
We got one more question from Griffin
and he's going to drop it on us and then we'll come back
and revisit it next week and give you the secret answer
that we've been cooking.
That joke has got to stop because people are going to start expecting.
No one's noticed yet.
It is.
If you buy our iPhone app, you too could hear this.
Don't buy the iPhone.
It's called the MBNBA app.
It's great.
Don't worry.
We won't.
We won't say it out loud, but you can find it hidden.
If you look hard enough, I'm not going to.
I'm not going to send you your portion of the money.
If you keep saying three and a half dollars that we've made with it.
All right.
I'm keeping it for myself.
Taking myself out to a nice steak dinner.
This this is not going to be admit.
You can you could you can enter the Ponderosa lobby with three dollars and 50 cents.
This final who is sent in by Ravi Patel.
Thank you, Ravi.
It's by Yahoo answers user Tiff 24 who asks.
How would you describe the difference in Tia and Tamera's personalities?
I'm Justin.
I'm Travis.
I'm Griffin.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Squire on the lips.
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported.
