The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to my Brother by Brother Meat Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-oldest brother, Travis.
Are we doing the baseball thing? Travis McElroy, McElroy.
I'm your friend, McElroy, your baby brother. Welcome home. Welcome back.
Yeah, so-
Chet, thanks, everybody, for checking in on my die-die sort of stuff,
what was going on there vis-a-vis bone ejection.
Bone loss slash time loss.
Is brain loss, but I'm feeling great. Brains and bones intact. Thank you all for your concern.
Thank you for the Get Well cards. Thank you for the health soup that you sent to my house.
You presumably sent.
We have finished week one of our Hollywood lifestyle. We've done it.
Here's the thing. We got two more episodes. This episode and the next episode of Move In
Maybe Game here is us all together recording after doing TV show shooting
all week. And just to all of my friends in the business, the red carpet business,
I just want to say hats off to you for being able to grind out the products that we know
and we love so much. I'm talking about Cheers. I'm talking about Frasier.
Yeah, and I also appreciate all the support calls we've gotten from Kelsey Grammer and Ted Danson.
Welcome to the club, boys.
Yeah, we were there once. Now it's your time. We got a lot of those calls,
which I appreciated a lot. David Borealis called me.
Kelsey Grammers called me on my phone. He said, time for me to die now.
And I said, whoa, shit, Kelsey, no, no, there's really no reason. No, that's how it goes.
And you open the door and Kelsey Grammer is standing outside. If I remember correctly,
it's getting outside. You're holding a literal torch that he passed to you and then dropped dead.
And then he died right there.
Bob Euker card that played fight song when I opened it. And he's like, this is your moment.
This is your time now.
Travis, who did you kill and consume?
It was David Borealis, who I actually think is still making bones. So I think I have to go
beyond bones now.
I think you're on, oh shit, Travis.
No, I think your bone is trained and pulled in the station.
Are you sure?
I haven't heard a lot of buzz.
Then I've got to go do bones too.
Either bones is off the air or bones has become relatively buzz free.
I think it may be the second, which is a shame because I actually really like bones.
Love bones.
So this is our Bones Review podcast.
It's just so good. It's so much fun to see it from like the science side, you know?
I'm feeling legitimately pretty drained from the television making process. The TV shows,
I'm happy to report, were pretty okay at it.
Yeah, it's going pretty well. Most of that is because we have like a really rocking crew.
We have an incredibly good team of people.
So listen, I often find myself wondering, when famous people who have a lot of projects
going on do podcasts, I often find myself wondering, why are they so bad?
Much like you, a lot of you out there have probably wondered like,
why is this so bad?
I found out the reason this week.
Because they were fucking working.
Because they're doing work all week and then they do a podcast and they're not working.
When the podcast is you're working, it's a lot easier.
It's a lot easier.
It's a lot easier to do one hour of work a week versus we have done five 12-hour days in a row.
Yeah, so I feel like we're all drained and not in the right headspace.
I'm not drained.
I just, let me hand you this bottle of fluid. Can you read the label on the bottle?
That's right, it's Michael's secret stuff.
Only it's comedy juice so it's Michael Richards and his secret stuff is racism.
Do you think that they'd still be able to use the Michael's secret stuff goof
in like post like everyone worried about doping like 2016 America
without like the Monstars being like, hey, you can't do that.
I don't think the Monstars can fucking get on anybody for cheating.
They're cheating as rowdy as punch around.
They did seal the souls of Monty.
Are you gonna drink Michael Richards' piss or not?
I bought that on Etsy for six dollars.
I don't want to get it twisted.
I don't want to make you confused.
I'm not feeling drained.
I've been doing this show for five days and I'm just so sick of my fucking shit.
You know who I thought was the least funniest person in the world
before we started doing this television show?
I don't know.
Probably like Matt Lauer or somebody like that.
Do you know who it is now?
Who?
Griffin Andrew McElroy, one of the hosts of my brother.
Oh man, I fucking hate that guy's jokes and comedy.
I'm actually a really big fan of my stuff.
I just feel like day by day I've just been getting better and better,
like a fine wine, like a well-aged cheesecake.
Should we get into what we do?
I was going to say the best, but we just do it.
Do a question.
Read me a question, please.
Here comes a question.
I have a quick question for you.
My husband left me in charge of his office aquarium
while he has gone away on a business trip.
I'm not saying mistakes were made, but all of his fish are dead now.
Oh my god.
He's coming back in a couple of days.
So how do you think I should play this one out?
That's from Sincerely.
Oops.
Sincerely, Cory from Boy Meets World.
Yeah.
Sincerely, Boris Simpson.
This is a real pickle dickle you got yourself in, I think.
A real fickle dick.
I think what we've got here is we've got to do one of those like branch question things
where it's like, if you ask, go to here.
Or it's like, did your husband actually like these fish?
If the answer is no.
You're good.
You're so good.
You've got to free him from a prison
that he can start to do himself during an ill-conceived moment.
Oh yeah, maybe he was just like, you know what my office needs?
A fish tank.
And just like The Sims, he just dropped it.
Except unlike The Sims, you can't just like then go, no, and sell it back.
I'm gonna let him piss himself to death.
Yeah.
And so maybe, okay, second question.
If you like this fish, yes.
Second, how much?
Because if the answer is a lot, now you got to get into some shenanigans.
If it was like a little bit, you can replace those fish and he will never know.
Yeah, if it's a lot, then we move into a new sphere of the Venn diagram
because this is the most confusing diagram that's ever been drawn up.
And then that circle of Venn diagram is, say, calm, hilarious.
Yeah.
This is, well, I need to get the fish.
And then it turns out he's taught the fish to come when called.
And these won't do it.
And he's worried that they're sick.
So then you have to take them to the fish doctor together.
And the fish doctor is like, but I thought you said these were boys.
These are girl fish.
Fuck these.
This is really good.
This is gonna be a really good episode.
Well, that's from the new episode of Kevin Can Wait starring Kevin James.
What if, here's one.
When he comes home, you open one of those big silver domes that have dinners underneath it,
and inside is two tiny fish fillets.
And you say, you're welcome.
One day when the boss get hungry, guess who's gonna be on the plate.
Exactly.
I worked really hard on this.
And he'll be so touched by how hard you worked on this fish dinner.
He won't even think about the fact that you used his fish for it.
And you can just insist that that's what you thought they were for.
For real though, if I had pet fish and those motherfuckers ate it, I would want to eat.
I think I want to eat them.
That's the only pet other than a bird.
But it'd have to be a big bird.
I'm not trying to work my mouth around a parakeet's body for a long time trying to find a good gristle.
But a clownfish, I'll fuck one of them up.
I would have to know that it happened, like on their terms.
That the fish led a good life, lived to its fullest, lived every day like they were dying,
and then died.
And then were deep fried.
How would you have any knowledge of-
Live every day like you're frying.
What if you, like, what if the fish had died from something dangerous to humans?
What do you mean?
Like humanitis or something.
They die from that.
Oh, they got a bad case of humanitis, huh?
Gunshot wounds.
One tiny gunshot wound.
Yeah, that's why these fish are bit by a vampire.
Yeah, they got a bad case of GSWs and you don't want to pass that on to your husband.
We're going to have to get fish CSI in here.
CSI Atlantis.
You're not saying mistakes were made.
So that leaves two solutions, in my mind, for what did happen.
First of all, it wasn't a mistake.
It was cruel intentions.
And you wanted to have sex with your step sister, I guess, and murder a bunch of fish.
That's possible.
The other option is that just like sometimes life has a crazy way of doing stuff.
And it was a crazy game of poker and all of these fish spontaneously died at the same time.
Then you've got like a happening kind of scenario.
All of them were the same, just destined to die at the same day.
What?
One day when I was a little boy, when I was a little boy, I had three teeth fall out in
the same day.
Crazy.
What are the odds it'll happen?
In the same vein, all 30 of these fucking fish just happened to be their time.
The thing that's very troubling about it is that there's not a number of fish.
That's what's bothering me.
Because if you said I killed a couple of his fish, I killed his two fish, I killed his
fish, that's all fine.
All his fish.
All his.
None shall pass.
None live to this.
This is like a Crimson Tide sort of situation.
I have an idea.
Very rarely are we, the McElroy brothers, able to offer any kind of real actionable
concrete help.
I would like to offer here our services as a scapegoat for this.
Okay.
How could we have possibly fucked up all these fish?
Well, they played our podcast and they left it on accidentally overnight.
The fish went insane and just killed each other.
The hippie laughed themselves?
That was it.
The fish forgot that they couldn't breathe air and they came up to the top to listen
closer like, what did they say?
And they drowned in air.
Wait, I think they're going to talk about elf.
Wait, hold on.
And they forgot to breathe.
The one topside.
Do you know how many people have died from forgetting to breathe while listening to our
podcast?
Sometimes I think about, and we've done a lot of great work here, but we've probably
killed dozens of people who were just listening so intently for the next good elf joke that
they just stopped living.
Hi.
We've had a lot of fun here today.
Here, we'll do a breathe here and now hold your breath because here comes a fucking fresh
Yahoo and don't even breathe in the middle of it or else it's bad luck.
This one's sent in by level9000.
Yajur Jiru, Davenport.
Thank you, Jiru.
It's by Yajur Answers User.
This website doesn't even fucking load anymore.
This website doesn't even fucking load anymore.
It's like, I go to like five websites and one of them has terminal, they don't give
a fuck-itis.
Melissa Mayer has her hand firmly on a knob and the knob when we started doing this podcast
was at 10 and it's been that way for a long time and she started to creep that knob counter
clockwise down into the zero position.
She's turning up the squelch knob on the IHU.
Okay, anyway, it's not loading so we'll say Parnell asks.
Chris Parnell asks, how to convince my teacher to start vape club?
No, no further info.
How to convince my teacher to start vape club?
What else?
What the fuck else do you need to know?
I feel like I know everything about this person.
Can I tell you just hands down before we go any further, the best part of vape club?
What's that?
It's going to be the field trips.
What do you mean?
It's going to be sick.
Well, you can go to different vape stores.
Go to vape stores.
Maybe find the vape store that started it all.
I don't think kids are allowed in vape stores or maybe they are.
I don't know.
I've been out of the scene for a while.
Is vaping, listen, bad for you?
A lot of people aren't quite sure about that.
It's not enough concrete research.
I will say this.
There's no concrete research is bad for how you look.
This is true.
That's a tough look to pull off is pulling a rip off a fucking chunky lightsaber,
pulling a big fucking bundle, a big bushel of cotton off a lightsaber,
and then blasting out your mouth while you're just chilling with your family at Applebee's.
It's a hard look to pull off.
Leo DiCaprio can't fucking like Leo's out there vaping on the reg
and he's trying to get like vapers rights like going and thank you,
Leo, for laying down on the barbed wire for the rest of us.
Hey, homie, you can't pull the look off, Leo.
Put the lightsaber down, Anakin.
He actually turned his Oscar into like the biggest vape rig in town.
He just bored straight through the senate.
That's why he wanted it so badly.
Do you know that?
You're saying he turned his only Oscar that he worked for 40 years to get
into a big nasty foam blaster.
Yeah, just the chunkiest ripper.
It's just the fattest, shiniest, most prestigious cotton gin.
How do I convince, hey, yo, teach, got a hot new club idea for you
and it's coming at you now.
Check out this fucking cool piece of machinery.
It's called a vape.
In that scenario, do you approach the coolest teacher in the school
or go the other way, the least school teacher who needs it the most?
Intriguing.
So Mr. Jefferson, you've been trying to up your profile with the teens for a while.
I've seen some of your snapchats and we'll talk about those in a bit.
But first, how about a little booster shot of coolness in the way of this,
my friend, an e-cigarette.
What?
There's certain, but to Travis's point, though, you could also run your odds
on getting the coolest teacher who's most likely to be down
and getting a teacher so old and out of it
that I think that they just couldn't process how cool it is when you vape.
They wouldn't be able to process the ideas of it as, oh, clouds are in there.
Well, it would have to be a science teacher.
I think a science teacher would be very, very fascinating.
I'm talking about the mustache nerd man from Stranger Things,
who's like, who lets the kids-
Oh, when he gives the whole lesson about how the flea vapes?
Yeah.
This is how the flea vapes.
Look at that chunky rip.
You're thinking about it on two-
The rips can be chunky, but they're not funky.
You're thinking of it on too small a scale.
I think that if your school vape club, it can get real good.
It's just ripping that big C.
Big buffers.
Then it can become a kind of point of pride for the whole school, right?
Or you can take it to state.
Our school's football program here at Vape U is not good,
but you know what we are good at?
We're good at making that fucking cumulonimbus.
Bring it on.
So you go to the vape competition against your rivals
and you just blow them out of the water with literal big chunky nimbus boys.
And then, yeah, now all of a sudden you're the jock.
Now all of a sudden you're the homecoming.
You're the vape jock.
You're the homecoming prince.
It's just like a screenplay I'm writing,
and I'm looking for any collaboration between you fuckers.
Do you think you can get Freddie Prinze Jr.?
I think Freddie Prinze Jr. probably loves vaping.
What celebrities do you guys secretly think
love to fucking rip cotton every day?
All right, Travis, we'll say the names at the exact same time.
Three, two, one, go.
You ready?
Yeah.
Three, two, one, go.
Jason Segal.
Johnny Depp probably pulls big clouds.
I feel like Johnny Depp probably pulls huge-
You don't think Jason Segal?
Okay, this is a new quiz show on My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
I'm just inventing this quiz show to help eat up time, okay?
So this is the quiz show.
Travis and I, I'm going to count to three, I'm going to say go,
and then Travis is going to say a name of a celebrity.
I have to top him with a celebrity who is more likely-
That is definitely more likely than-
Can I participate in this game?
I don't know why I'm being excluded.
I feel like you're judging.
No, we'll go around Robin.
We'll go around Robin.
Yeah, you're judging.
Okay, first one is Justin and I,
then we'll do Justin and Griffin, then we'll do Griffin and Travis.
Here we go.
I'll try to top the top winner that you guys put in.
Okay.
Okay.
You ready?
Count down, Justin.
Because I fucking got it.
I have one that I think is going to win out.
Three, two-
Who's starting?
Travis is starting.
Okay.
Three, two, one, go.
Rider strong.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
You gave me too much time to think.
Your one mistake was letting me live.
For each one, I mean, it's good.
I can't put a number on it.
No, no, no, no.
You count it off and I have to try to beat Travis.
If I don't, he wins.
Okay, three, two, one, go.
Corey Feldman.
Oh my God.
That's really good.
That's really good.
That's really good.
Travis, your rebuttal.
Okay, give me a count.
Three, two, one, go.
Lil Wayne.
Here's the thing.
Yes, yes, yeah.
I mean, but that one's like, yeah.
I think he was probably vaping.
He was maybe the first person to start vaping.
So like, I would give you that.
But I did just Google Corey Feldman vape and I got a news alert from-
A news alert?
A news alert from Podcat that says Corey Feldman on, quote, totally vaping awesome.
Okay, you win this round, Justin.
Okay.
Okay, everyone who just listed is out.
Justin versus Griffin.
Justin, you gotta go first.
You ready?
Yes.
Three, two, one, go.
Jake Busey.
Who?
Jake Busey.
Gary Busey's son, Jake Busey.
It's kind of a deep cut, but okay.
I mean, I'm about to end this fucking game forever.
Okay, you ready?
Griffin, rebuttal.
Three, two, one, go.
John Leguizamo.
How's your fucking clouds, John?
Justin just literally physically reeled backwards from that hit.
That is not a joke.
So fucking nasty.
Okay, Justin, you have one chance to rebut.
Wait, hold on.
Can't be done.
Can't be done.
Let me just dig deep and see if I got anything in the tank.
All right, just give me a second.
You have four seconds.
You ready?
No, no, don't say four seconds.
You don't have that much time, Justin.
I'm sorry.
Time is ticking away.
I'll pause the recording if I have to, please.
Okay.
Just give me a second to think, because Griffin's been sitting on John Leguizamo.
Justin's crying.
He's weeping.
Griffin's been sitting on John Leguizamo for like a full minute.
Nobody vapes harder than Johnny Legs, babe.
Okay.
No.
Justin, I'm sorry.
Your time is up.
You're gonna have to name it in three, two-
I'll tell you when I'm ready.
No, that's not how the game works, Justin.
This is an infinite time.
Justin, you've been beaten.
Three, two, one, go.
Carrot top.
Come on.
That's real.
Okay.
I need you to Google it.
Let's go to the Google tape.
If I Google carrot top vape and you get a result, I'll call you the winner.
Okay, so the top-
Well, no, this is not-
This is a parody.
This is a mean, awful parody account.
No.
No, that's not real.
There is a YouTube video on how to vape a carrot, parenthesis, easy, parenthesis, no knife required.
What is the fucking backwards scenario?
What's the use case?
Yeah, yeah.
I want all this juice and this battery and this heater, I guess.
Travis, I need your opinion.
John Leguizamo wins.
John Leguizamo wins.
I'm sorry.
If we had had any conclusive-
If I get a single vape result for John Leguizamo, I'm sorry.
If I get a single vape result for John Leguizamo-
You won't, but it doesn't-
Listen, I'm the judge in this scenario, Justin.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
All right, now, motherfuckers, now it's on.
Griffin, you gotta go first.
Griffin, you're leading off.
Oh, God, we're doing me and Travis?
Yeah, of course we are.
All right.
Three, two, one, go.
President, that's right, Bill Clinton.
Oh, okay, that's pretty good.
Okay, I've got one.
Okay.
Okay.
Count it down.
Three, two, one, go.
Russell Brand.
Well.
Well, I'm not sure.
See, I think-
Oh, no, he's-
Rebuttal, three, two, one, Russell Crowe.
Fuck!
I don't think that that's even accurate.
My worry is that-
None of these are good.
Three, two, one, Bill Paxton.
Oh, wait, fuck, okay, wait.
Count me down.
Okay, three, two, one-
Oh, Travis is hot.
Randy Quaid.
Randy Quaid probably has a bandolier of vapes.
Yeah, sure.
I think we've got about everything we're gonna get out of this game.
All right.
But thank you for coming up with it.
It is a fun game you can play with your friends at home.
Yeah.
Who do the-
It's called Who Do Vape?
It's called Most Likely to Vape.
Vape Awards.
Vape Escape.
Vape who?
I've managed to befriend the guy at the restaurant near my work
by repeating the things my coworkers say about sports.
Oh, God.
I get falafels there about twice a week and notice other people
who are chumming with him get a drink at no charge, whereas I do not.
I only want a soda if I don't have to pay for it,
but I can only tell if it's going to be free if I ask for one.
If you really seem to like my sports regurgitation today,
I'll take a risk and ask for soda.
But so far, I've ended up having to pay for each of them.
How can I tell you when our friendship has crossed the line
into free soda range, the FSR, and how can I get it there faster?
That's from Nervous in Nebraska.
Hey, dog.
There's a really busted way to think about another person.
That's a crazy-
People aren't like the soda vending machine
that you put enough fucking sports nuggets into.
I'm sorry.
That'll be 10 more sports before you can have a free Coke.
I guarantee you falafel guy's not thinking of it that way.
You'd be like, I don't know, that was pretty good,
but not exactly-
He's not a fucking bridge troll
whose sports riddles you have to conquer
before you can get a Dr. Pepper on the fridge.
Yeah, what if falafel guy is awesome?
What if falafel guy's great?
All my friends are friends with falafel guy.
Yeah, it's because they ask about his kids.
They don't just say,
Chad Pennington, big strong arm on that boy, huh?
How about a Dr. Pepper, thank you.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe you keep regurgitating sports,
but he wants to talk about the latest episode of Down in Abbey,
or he wants to talk about your theories
on what's really going on in King and Killer Chronicles.
You know what I mean?
And he's like, I guess sports.
Yeah, football's great.
I cannot fathom floating out sports trivia
that there is a chance of follow-up
where I would just have to like-
You don't think he's better than Beerson?
I'm smashed.
There is no player named Beerson.
Ah, you've still got your free soda.
Yeah, I guess you're not a Kremlin spy, as I suspected.
Congratulations, compatriot.
Do you think, Justin, on the spot right now,
could you give me a sports nugget
to earn some sort of favor from me?
Could you give me a sports nug right now?
A sports nug right now?
Right now.
Current sports nug.
Current sports nug.
Some tough injuries in the preseason, huh?
That's good.
That is true.
That is true.
I mean, that's always true.
Tony Romo broke his fucking back.
This is good.
That's an astute observation.
Then, okay, and then I would give you a soda for that.
Did you hear about Tony Romo?
Like, yes.
Of course I heard about Tony Romo and his sad back.
Oh, maybe you give some form of analysis
that no one else has and you say like,
hey, did you hear about Tony Romo's back?
And he's like, yeah, it's really bad.
And you're like, I'm just worried about his kids.
He'll never dance again.
And then the guy's like, what?
He's like, yeah, he dances all the time.
You compound it.
Like, the back is so important for a football bone.
Yeah.
What was that, you got three important football bones.
And I'm going to tell you this,
and I might get thirsty in the middle.
So if you just want to get me a bark soup, you're ready.
Anyway, three important football bones, arms,
use them for catching, stiff arming, throwing,
all very, very important.
Number two, and this is not in order
because I think number two is number one,
but the back is really, really good.
It's sort of what connects all the other
very, very important bones.
And I think it's like what sends your thoughts
to the rest of your body to do them.
Anyway, the third one is your skull, I guess,
because it's where your brain lives.
Very important.
Hey, do you guys want a Yahoo?
Absolutely.
This one was sent in by Morgan Davey.
Keep it waving, Morgan Davey.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jesse, who asks,
the Ghostbusters theme won't stop playing
on my computer nonstop.
No application or background app is being used.
Help.
The Ghostbusters theme, it just won't stop playing
on my fucking PC.
There's no apps playing the Ghostbusters theme.
I've closed out Ghostbusters.exe.
That one's definitely, it's not,
and it's not running in the background.
No application or background app is being used.
Help.
It could be like the most ironic ghosts in the world.
Oh, that's funny.
That's a fun.
That's a fun ghost who's just like,
yeah, I like it too.
I'm not.
Here's a dirty secret about us ghosts.
Our favorite song, Ghostbusters.
It also makes us feel good.
Busting is a two-way street.
Busting gives ghosts orgasms.
Did you know that?
Busting makes them feel good.
Why do you think they call them Slimer?
We can't talk about Slimer's sexual proclivities again.
Busting makes ghosts cum.
That's true.
My business is finished.
That's the only thing that makes ghosts cum.
Do you know that they're getting spun around in those lasers?
They're like, not too quick, Ray.
Please make it last.
I don't want to think about Ghostbuster cum.
Ghostbusters don't cum.
All Ghostbusters are eunuchs.
They're castrated when they take up the mantle.
But ghosts do.
They can't be tempted.
Not after the glow job.
That's the one thing they don't tell you about ghosts.
What is that?
They're nasty.
And I think that's the main purpose for our podcast existing.
Just trying to get the word out.
Just trying to get the word out.
Ghosts are going to come at you left, right, and genital words.
So keep an eye out before they munch on you.
What other things could cause the Ghostbusters theme
to be playing constantly on your computer?
I think Edward Snowden is like, I think he's bored.
I think Edward Snowden's probably pretty fucking bored right now.
He's just killing time until the movie drops and he's psyched.
He cannot wait to get the word out.
By the way, this is our sort of way of saying, get to theaters.
Get to Snowden.
Please love Snowden.
It's a pretty good combo of Snowden and JGL.
It's got JGL in it.
And we're all just going to have a fucking great time at Snowden this summer.
Oh, yeah.
Do you think that the Ghostbusters theme song playing in the background of your computer
is like really guerrilla marketing for Snowden?
That's kind of a weird myth.
We've hacked it.
Well, maybe they're partnered with Ghostbusters.
Is it possible?
You know how sometimes there are sister movies?
And Stone is a sister movie to the Ghostbusters?
You know, maybe this person doesn't have a computer and they've just gone bust crazy.
You know what I mean?
It's like, it's such a catchy tune that's like on loop in their own brain.
He just stares at the wall all day long.
He's singing.
He stares at that dumb cardboard computer you made and sings the Ghostbusters.
And it's just a cardboard computer and it's written on the screen, no Ghostbusters.
That's weird.
He uses a literal mouse to try to click on the screen on all those Ghostbuster related
apps.
Let's go to Buddy's end.
What if there's a new iTunes?
Wait, clip that out.
Go ahead, Griffin.
What if they updated iTunes with the new stuff?
I don't watch the press conferences anymore.
But there's a new secret iTunes that runs underneath the subroutines of your computer,
hiding deep.
J-Tunes.
It's called Guy-Tunes.
It's a mean Guy-Tunes that play pranks on you.
It's called iTunes, except there's a number in there.
It's called iTunes, T-O-O-N-S.
It's very whimsical.
iTunes, and he's a little prankster.
Hi, I'm Guy-Tunes.
I live in your computer.
Why is there so much Shakira playing?
It's not mean Guy-Tunes.
It's regular iTunes.
I can't find the photos of my wedding anywhere.
I deleted them.
You're a dick.
No, listen, I deleted your wedding photos on Guy-Tunes.
That's pretty cute.
Why are you fucking Amelie now?
Why are you fucking encroaching?
Now I've got a new voice.
I'm Guy-Tunes.
Busting makes ghosts come.
Guy-Tunes, too, by now, is a lot snarkier.
The kids are gonna love him.
I don't work on your phone.
Okay, Guy-Tunes, why are you even here?
Apple's kind of lost their way.
Hey!
Much like one of my favorite podcasts, My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
I don't have My Brother, My Brother, and Me anymore.
Shit them out.
They went Corpo.
They went what?
Yeah, they got a TV show, went Corpo.
They went Corpo Christie.
I don't want to hear them no more.
Let's go to Mason.
We're sponsored and powered by MeUndies this week,
and I'm going to teach you something I've never done before.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to fucking look at the copy at all.
Hell yeah.
You got it?
You doing it?
Hell yeah.
You know what?
Pants off, dance off.
Everybody's wearing MeUndies.
What are you doing?
I'm staring at my brother's crotches.
Okay, we're not staring.
Just appreciating.
We're, we've recorded a TV show this week.
12 hour days, five days in a row.
I refuse to go in to do the TV show without MeUndies on.
I've worn MeUndies every day.
I will continue to do MeUndies.
If I do not have a clean pair of MeUndies ready for the show,
I will cancel that day's filming until MeUndies are clean.
This is a Travis McElroy guarantee.
I did an episode not in MeUndies,
and it was at the end of the day like a rag
they used to clean up all the tables out of Wendy's.
They used really good fabric and they're really comfortable
and they look really great on everybody
and they're really super cool.
Get out, go away.
Go away, cat.
We're talking about underpants in our underpants.
We're back.
The cat is gone.
Justin.
What?
Take your pants off.
Are you wearing MeUndies?
I'm not wearing MeUndies today.
I'm not taking my fucking pants off.
Are you wearing any Undies?
No, listen, now you have to take your pants off
so we can fucking shame you for not wearing the good underwear.
Are you wearing any Undies?
This is important.
Yes, I'm wearing Undies.
Take them off and let's see what you've got on.
I don't want to take them off.
Justin, take off your fucking pants.
He's doing it.
Here we go.
Here we go.
What are we working with?
Oh, he's going way too slow.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Well, these are non-
We can't say that.
Don't say the brand name on it.
These are non-MeUndies.
Oh, Justin.
They're just like that.
That's why I keep...
If you guys have wondered why through this whole...
I'm just going to leave them off.
This is good.
This is actually, I'm trying to say, this is kind of nice.
If you guys have been wondering why through the whole episode
I've been mouthing you, my dick is itchy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's just because you're wearing like a bag down there.
It does look like a burlap sack.
Yeah.
And why did they sew so many zippers into it?
I don't know.
I'll never know.
But this, I will look back at the copy here because shipping in the US and Canada...
Shipping is free in the US and Canada and you can save $8 a pair with the MeUndies subscription
plan, which is a really good deal.
You should do it because eventually the dream is you get to like basic zero.
You just wipe out all your bad undies and they're all good MeUndies.
The singularity.
And you can get a subscription or a single pair and get 20% off your first order when
you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother, that's MeUndies.com slash my brother for 20% off your
order.
MeUndies.com slash my brother.
Do it.
Griffin, tell me about fucking Squarespace.
I'm going to tell you all about fucking Squarespace.
But first I got a question for you boys.
Yes.
Do you think Anderson Cooper has like a really little skinny vape that he uses?
Yeah, but I bet it's really long.
I bet it's really nice and really long and really great.
All right, here comes an ad for Squarespace.
Squarespace, it's just all that you need to put together something like a landing page
or a beautiful gallery or professional blog or an online store.
It's all included with your Squarespace website.
Say you want to start a website in which people can submit two different celebrity names and
then do a poll of who thinks that they vape the best.
That's the new hot or not vape or nape.
Well, that's good.
Vapornape.com.
Do you guys think I can get Vapornaut.com right now?
Vapornaut.com.
Wait, listen, this is happening live.
Vapornaut.com.
We're going to use it.
Don't go to the website.
I just want to try to register it.
Okay, don't go to it.
I'm just saying that this is how fast and easy it is and then you can build it on Squarespace
because creating websites on Squarespace is simple.
Jesus, you still fucked it up.
I know, but listen, Squarespace is so good.
It's where we built macroshows.com.
I've known nothing about like website computer sites and I made it really good.
Clearly, that's what you're calling me.
I've never made a computer site before in my life and I made macroshows.com and it turned
out very well and it's so easy to make changes on an update and everything and you should
go check out Squarespace and you can start your free trial today at Squarespace.com
slash my brother and you get 10% off your first purchase if you go to Squarespace.com
slash my brother.
They have great seamless commerce tools.
You can actually make money off your website.
Their customer support is like beyond compare.
It's amazing, beautiful templates, custom designs, all kinds of shit.
Go check it out.
Squarespace.com.
You're going to love it.
All right.
I found a website that can generate two random celebrities at will.
Let's start with this first one.
This is just a trial test for vape or not.
You can play a line at home.
Number one, Ben Affleck or Marilyn Monroe.
That's kind of a tricky one.
That's kind of a gimme.
If she could.
If she could.
That's a good question.
This has nothing to do with death.
Vape transcends death.
Oh, this is good.
Okay, fuck.
Now, Justin, you're going to hear this one and you're going to think you know the answer,
but I really need you to sit on it.
Howard Stern or Jennifer Garner.
Okay.
Here's the thing, though.
Yeah.
Howard Stern is in an enclosed space for many, many hours each day during his workday.
I don't think he could be vaping in there.
Oh, yeah.
That's a good point.
You rip some chunky cotton in the face of like whoever you had in studio that day.
This is a really, really good one.
This is tough, Justin.
I need you to really buckle down on this one.
Dial in.
Give it to me.
Hulk Hogan or Ian McKellen.
Sir Ian McKellen or Hulk Hogan.
Who vapes?
In this case, it's who vapes the most because they definitely both rip cotton.
Here's the thing.
I've seen one of those human beings depicted blowing gigantic ship cotton.
Gigantic starship cotton.
Like there's no question it's Ian McKellen.
Correct.
Of course it is.
Yeah, he can make boats and shit.
Just one last one.
Kristen Stewart of the Twilight movies or Michael Jordan, the dunk man himself.
Mr.
Dunkster.
That's what I call him.
Mr.
Hoops.
That's why he retired finally.
He's like, I have a new sport.
I have got a new challenge for the feet.
And he's using I've got to go slay a new dragon.
That motherfucker can stand on the half court line and he can take in a deep, deep billowing
breath and he can get it into the hoop from from there.
And it's it's remarkable stuff.
Okay.
Tristan Stewart should not be discounted, though, because I bet she can rip mad cotton.
Yeah.
Troubling news has just come in.
Vapor not is taken.
Damn it.
Who vapes dot com is taken.
You guys got any like what are we going to star vape star vape stars who vape?
How about star vape stars?
Which star vapes which stars?
Which one vapes?
Which one vape?
Which one is vapes?
Great.
Because then we can spend it off to like amateur.
Oh, here's one battle of the Pauls.
Again, this is just a random celebrity generator.
But Paul Rudd or Paul Newman.
Fuck.
Paul Newman would look so cool with a fucking big fat rig hanging out of his mouth.
It's probably Paul Newman.
So here's what here's what.
OK, so here's Danica Patrick, the race car driver or Jay Leno, the race car driver, race
car driving, vaping cool guy.
OK, so here's the way I think here's here's here's what I got.
I got which one vapes dot com.
And I think that's very good.
Now, here's here's the way I think which one of these works.
I will get to we got a little bit more in the money zone.
We're going to say which one vapes, I believe, is two options.
You can log on to help us categorize stars.
And so a picture of a star comes up and you have like a fun slider.
By the way, this is how fucking Facebook got started.
Yeah, so I might be excitement is through the roof.
Yeah, so you can you rate the stars, right?
But it's on one of ten.
How likely is it that they vape?
And then the other one is a contest where you have two stars in front of you and you
have to choose which one probably vapes.
I guess the winner or loser is based on community voting.
So it's all theoretical.
I love this because what I love about that is you don't like if there's someone who's
like a one like Allison Hannigan, I don't think Allison Hannigan vapes.
Right.
Probably like how Allison Hannigan.
I'm not just saying this because they're both redheads.
They just happen to be brought to my head.
Allison Hannigan versus Felicia Day.
I feel like that's a good like I couldn't choose.
But that's what I'm saying between the two, who's most likely is tough.
So you want to categorize it in one to ten.
So you get two ones against each other where you don't like Allison Hannigan versus, you
know, Bill Clinton.
Like, that's too obvious.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
If you select if you build the tech for this and you want that redirect, just get at me.
We'll set it up.
We'll get which one vapes and listen and then we'll retire.
Please, after you make it, please write the bar.
I'm like, this this was just for laughs.
This is not legally binding.
This is not legally binding.
People know.
But for real, though, A-Rod or Marissa Tomei.
I'm in love with this random celebrity generator.
Yo dog, Denzel Washington or Dustin Hoffman.
That's actually a really tough one.
That would be a tough one.
Which one would vape?
Man, I feel like Dustin Hoffman would try vaping for like three weeks and decide it's
not for him.
That seems like his jam.
OK, so we got a little Jumbotron message.
OK, we got a Jumbotron here.
This is for Bill Buehler and it's from Matthew, Emily, Morgan and Blake.
Merry Christmas 2015, Bill.
Oh, God.
Whoops.
Whoops a daisy.
We thought we said no presents last year, but perhaps not.
Your thoughtfulness and our awfulness aside, let's hope let's let the McElroy say thank
you for your gifts for us.
Hopefully hearing it from the brothers takes the edge off the shocking delay.
And while we're here, happy birthday, September 1st, and no presents in 2016.
We kind of missed it on both.
I feel like they're trolling us with this one.
This feels like a troll to me because I don't know how we would make it nine months.
We're not gestating over here.
We're just answering questions.
We're getting our Jumbotrons through the Pony Express at this point.
So we apologize for all this.
I got a message for Dan and it's from Beth and it says, hey, Dan, would it surprise you
to hear that I'm sleepy?
Thanks for being my organic alarm clock at five thirty a.m. each day so I can get to
work.
I'm sorry for being a morning Beth each time.
But could you give me a minute?
I feel like a snoozy koala being kicked out of a tree sometimes.
Just steal the Duna.
Trust me, I'll get up.
All of this is a no idea.
Beth, what's a Duna?
Listen, we here at McElroy Industries do not endorse stealing the Duna.
Don't steal the Duna.
Don't steal the Duna.
That's my favorite childhood board game.
Don't steal the Duna.
OK, as near as I can tell, Duna is a car seat.
So, OK, this has been sent to us by a hyper aware sentient baby.
Oh, it's one of those babies.
Super baby geniuses.
Super genius babies.
What's the deal with Brexit?
Have you seen Happy Valley yet?
How do British people pronounce Edinburgh, Leicester or Norwich?
Not like that.
Are you tired of getting your world news from reliable sources, often with no puns or sexual
innuendo?
Why was there a butcher's hat haunting Coronation Street?
What's Coronation Street?
And why is Dave Holmes obsessed with it?
International Waters pairs a team of comedians in LA against a team of comedians in London
in a pop culture battle royale.
Join us once a fortnight to hear the best comedians in the world trade jokes and stories
and maybe even learn something at the same time.
International Waters with me, Dave Holmes.
Find it at maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
Um, do you guys want to go?
Uh, yeah.
Go ahead.
That's what I said.
And I keep it.
I want a munch munch.
You guys are right across from me.
You can help me out.
Well, I did it.
It's hard for me to get on board because here's the thing.
You know me, dog.
You know, I love the munch squad.
But one thing about the munch squad is that it's a it's very rude because it's a rude bit.
But that's why it hypes up the energy.
If you cause you're a rude, crude dude, here we go.
So let's try.
I want a munch squad.
No, I'm saying squad.
You say squad.
I want a munch squad.
I want to munch squad.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
This is a show within a show.
You're joining us here.
You're joining us here.
I'm bringing you the latest in fast food trends.
Fuck.
But can I just real quick Paul McCartney or Adam Sandler?
I'm Sir Paul McCartney.
Check this out.
That was my Adam Sandler.
Oh, that was?
I guess I did a little song Paul McCartney would sing while he vapes out a coffee.
I feel like Paul McCartney would just sit and say,
is a vape trick called Penny Lane?
And he just inhaled and exhale.
And he thinks that's a vape trick.
And he just keep naming them after Beatles songs.
That's really good.
That's so good.
He would play the fucking flute solo on it.
His vape rig is the flute that they play in Penny Lane.
So this is a show within a show where I highlight the latest and greatest
in fast food evolution.
And not just that.
I don't just tell you about the items.
What I tell you is-
He throws that he buys them and throws them directly in a toilet.
No, I don't try them myself.
I listen to the experts, the professionals in marketing
and the executive branch of each of these outlets and what they say.
I need you to drive that concept home more, Justin,
because we routinely get people like,
why don't you try those new Cheeto Dorito cheese things?
No, we don't try shit.
I tell you what the people who are making them say about them
because they are the experts, okay?
So today it's salad from Domino's.
Oops.
Oops.
Okay, I was raved with that, Trace.
Now here is the quote.
This one comes to us from Joe Jordan, chief marketing officer at Domino's.
Actually, before I bring you that,
let me tell you what we're looking at here.
Well, Justin, Justin, let me stop you right there.
I'm kind of a healthy boy, so I'm pretty sure I know
what we're dealing with vis-a-vis salads.
Yeah, you don't.
Yeah, okay.
So we got Classic Garden, Chicken Caesar, and a new Chicken Apple Pecan.
Those are the three salads.
That sounds good as fuck.
I do want to point out to you guys, just so you all can see-
Yeah, show me a JPEG of these sweet salads.
Let me just give you the one JPEG from this press release.
I do want to point out, I get a big kick out of the fact
that they've depicted these salads with plastic forks
sitting on like a kitchen tray.
Oh, that's great, because sometimes you always think like,
yeah, but it's not really going to look like that when I get it.
Yeah, this is it.
This is all photograph magic.
They kind of shot those salads from the Hubble Space Telescope, just to give you-
Here's a quote from Joe Jordan, chief marketing officer at Domino's.
He quote, now everybody can be happy on pizza night.
There's no shame in wanting salad when everyone else wants pizza,
especially now that Domino's has found a perfect way
to offer even more options for customers across the country.
Yo, dog, a salad.
Hey, dog, that salad, it was the first food people ever ate.
We've done it.
We saw-
Get in here. Get in here. Get in here.
We've done it.
We saw like fucking hippos doing it.
And we were like, let's give that shit a try.
Thanks, hippos.
I just love this mythos that they created.
People are like, hey, you guys want to get pizza?
And there's one guy going, hmm, what is it, damn?
Nothing.
The fucking sad thing about this is, this is 100% on point.
There usually is one person that did not want pizza.
Sure, but then you just, nobody orders pizza.
You don't just go, sorry, Greg, you don't get to eat today.
Do you want a salad?
Those are your two options.
To finish Jordan's quote, the new chicken apple pecan option
may even lure a few pizza lovers over to the salad side.
Are we choosing sides now?
That's a risky business practice.
That's a fucking crazy, if this is what pizza executives think,
that people are like, well, I don't know.
He either eats pizza or a salad.
Yeah.
And then there might be someone who's like, what's that green stuff?
I've been eating pizza discs this whole time.
I didn't know there was greens.
Can I try it?
This is good.
We're thrilled that our salads are now available for Domino's customers
in every store, said Tristan Simpson,
chief marketing officer at Ready Packed Foods.
By the way, these are prepackaged salads.
It literally says that in the press release.
I didn't need to know that, but thank you for your honesty.
Everyone who loves pizza night can now breathe a sigh of relief
and enjoy Domino's classic garden salad with that slice of pizza.
Okay, so Tristan Simpson, Joe Jordan broke down the barrier between pizza and salad.
Pick a side, wield a knife and protect the fucking homeland.
I am a salad.
I have no issue with the idea of like,
hey, with your pizza, you should also get some salad.
Yeah.
I don't know how hard you have to sell that.
Yeah.
Like we offer vegetables now.
Vegetables, huh?
We invented vegetables.
Here's the press release.
Domino's salads are available for $5.99 each.
When you pair them with any one of Domino's mix and match menu items,
which also include medium two topping pizzas.
Hey, thanks for clarifying press release
that I can still secure a medium two topping pizza at Domino's.
I'm glad to hear that menu item is still available.
We're getting out of the pizza business.
Picture this commercial.
Hey, you guys want salad night?
Salad?
Salad?
Yeah, but where would we order salad for delivery?
Just a second.
Domino's?
And the answer is actually no, you have to order them with pizza.
We'll also take a pizza, but then you just throw the pizza right in the garbage.
So that's sounding great.
How about a yahoo?
Hit me.
I'm so sorry to just keep doing this to you guys,
but Jack Nicholson or Bruce Willis.
Right, that's top of shit.
This is final Jeopardy time.
Do you remember when fucking A-Kutch took Demi Moore to some event
and B-Willis was like there with him
basically chaperoning his ex-wife's exploits with A plus K?
Just like scoping out his scene.
And do you remember the look on Bruce Willis' face?
And now imagine just a big old wrench
just going in that, just a big old monkey wrench.
This is what I picture.
Just a big old smokey, just flashlight going right in that big old mouth.
You look at Bruce Willis for a long time, like 10, 15 minutes.
And he's just stone face, doesn't move.
And then after 15 minutes, he opens his mouth.
And a fucking fucking genie from Aladdin comes out that mouth.
When did he?
Hold on, I've been looking at him this whole time.
So like, when did he?
What?
Yeah, we can all see Bruno with a big rig.
Yeah, but there's one problem though.
And that's me, Jacko, over here with my rig.
This vape is as good as it gets.
Have you ever danced with the devil?
And you, Jack,
cotton, cotton, cotton, cotton.
Just huge waves of it.
I think I want to jack it up to 20 ohms.
You can't handle 20 ohms.
Only I can with my special illegal celebrity rig.
That's what makes me so fucking.
That's what makes me so fucking angry about all this.
As you know, they're working with illegal underground celebrity rigs.
Okay, I got a hurdle for you, Garth Brooks or Chris Gaines.
Garth Brooks or Chris Gaines, which one rips it?
Which one vapes?
Here's my thing.
I think Chris Gaines vapes too hard and dies.
And that's why we don't get from him.
Here's the interesting thing, Justin.
Garth Brooks only inhales and Chris Gaines only exhales.
If you see him exhaling, he's Chris Gaines.
My dad, our dad interviewed Garth Brooks on Thursday and it is that I,
we fucking begged him to just bring up CG once.
Wouldn't do it.
Just, is Chris there?
Can I speak with Chris?
Can I speak with Chris?
Is Chris inside for me to talk to Garth?
That's a good one.
No, this is Robert Downey Jr. versus Christian Bale.
I don't think either of those boys do it.
I don't think.
Birds do it.
Bees do it.
But RDJ doesn't do it.
I would, I would give you RDJ does not.
Griffin gave me shit earlier this episode.
It was positive.
You didn't hear about staring at my computer.
Now, Griffin's just staring at his computer,
generating random celebrities and asking which one vapes.
It's just fun to think about.
Tyler Perry probably vapes.
Brennan Frazier.
Oh my god.
He's got a full blown bagpipe set up.
Multiple in points.
Multiple juice relays.
Vapesino man.
Do you think Pauly Shore's into vape?
Probably.
Audrey Hepburn would crush a vape.
How about this one from Kiba Davey Morgan Davey.
Thank you.
It's from Yahoo Answers user crazy.
And I just want to, guys, I think it's time that we talk about some nerd stuff for the geek crowd.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, are you nerd boys?
Hey, nerd boys.
Where, where are my geeks at?
Hey, any comic book fans?
Where's my comic, where's my comic fans at?
Hey, we're looking for some listeners that didn't fit in with the jocks.
Here comes one.
It's actually, it's pretty mainstream now, you guys.
It's just, it's for everybody.
Here's one for the comic bookers.
Well, I mean like everybody like.
Here's for, here's one for the dweeboids.
For like everybody, because it's for everybody.
It's from Yahoo Answers user crazy, who asks,
where does Aquaman piss?
Where does Aquaman piss?
I would like, I would like to make for you a scenario.
You're laying on the beach.
Yeah.
You just enjoy, maybe this is your week, your first weekend off all summer.
And you're like, we're taking the kids to the beach.
Aquaman walks up on the beach and you're like, honey, it's Aquaman.
And he just whips his dong out, and then he gets back into the water.
If you say Aquaman just pisses wherever in the ocean, it's not a big deal.
That would be tantamount to me, just like pulling down now, the only, just the underwear,
which is the only thing I'm wearing right now.
The only thing keeping brothers apart.
And just sort of blasting one up into the sky where we live in this house.
No, that is not where Aquaman do it.
That is not where Aquaman do it.
Do you think he's designated a corner of the ocean?
Designated a corner of the ocean where all the fish are allowed to go?
Or he's just like, all this, this is our house.
So this is the bathroom of the house.
He probably is a gentleman.
He probably gets to the Arctic Ocean because like, nobody's getting in there.
Oh, but it's so cold.
I think I have an answer.
Okay, here comes Justin's scientific explanation.
Where do Aquaman do that dirty thing?
He gets his, he gets his zippoc baggy.
Okay.
Then he goes to the surface and he fills it with air.
And then he goes back down to the bottom of the ocean.
Oh, like in a water world.
So he goes up on the ocean.
He pisses into this bag that is also full of air, right?
So he's displacing air and filling it with piss, right?
And then he seals it up.
This checks out so far.
So far so good.
He seals it up real quick and then he just lets it go.
And because it's mainly filled with air, he floats up to the surface.
And that's flushing.
He calls it wishes.
Those are wishes that he's sending out.
And that's where jellyfish come from.
That's where jellyfish come from.
Their backs are pissed at Aquaman but go to the surface.
Where does he do it though?
He probably gets out of the ocean and goes to earth toilet.
What's Aquaman?
Hey, can I tell you guys something?
I like to consider myself, you know, one of the, like a nerd.
I don't know nothing about Aquaman.
I don't know anything about Aquaman.
I know he talks to fish.
He lives in the ocean.
He loves Aqua.
But he probably, is he from earth first and he fell in the ocean one day
and just some whales were like, you're ours now.
Because if that's the case, then he probably knows about toilets and what's up with them.
But if he was born in the ocean, he's lived there his whole life.
Where do Ariel, where does Ariel and all the mermaids piss?
Where do fish piss?
Like Ariel doesn't, Ariel doesn't piss.
Fish piss through their skin.
King Triton.
King Triton pisses for sure.
You think King Triton pisses?
I love that, listen, I don't want to get blue.
But I love that this question has her super worried about number one.
I'm way more worried about the twosies are a doozy.
I'm pretty sure that Aquaman can't shit.
What's he eat?
Krill?
Probably not even krill, right?
Is he a filter feeder?
Aquaman just slims with his mouth open.
Hey guys, fuck it.
Where does Spider-Man piss?
We don't, I don't think, have you guys ever, I've read a few comic books in my day.
I've never seen a panel etched by Jack Kirby who's like, and now, of course, it's been a while.
Spider-Man's been doing a lot of adventures.
He just fought off the rhino and we had a lot of fun here, but it's been a long time.
So yeah, Spider-Man's got to go piss now.
What if every 20 issues of Superman, on the 20th one, it's just like 30 frames of him going,
ahhh, someone's in, someone's in, hurry.
I don't hear anybody.
Come on now.
Who's moving me up?
No, there's no way that Superman can push it.
There was never a bathroom scene in 24.
Was there ever a bathroom scene in the movie?
It's too busy.
Sometimes you get really busy and it just, like,
reabsorbs back into your organs and muscles and stuff.
That can happen sometimes.
I feel like what if there was what if there's an episode of 24 where you had diarrhea all day
What if they're what if I had an episode 24 from the last time we recorded the podcast my brother my brother and me
Just all diarrhea the whole time and I I wouldn't be a featured player in that season
I don't certainly not I would definitely during the countdown sequences where they would cut back from commercial. I'd be in a corner. Just like
I would love it. There was just constant shots of Jack trying to call Griffin and the phone buzzing just like a city
Screaming like
Where does Aquaman do that, but listen guys listen
Does he pissed do you think he has like a coral toilet
Do you think that he has a toilet that was like in a down submarine or something?
He was like, thank God. Oh, that's probably it
Probably an old you boat and he runs and he sees a bunch of Nazi skeletons. He's like suckers
I've got to use the gotta use the John
This is Jack Cousteau. I have found my greatest discovery ever
Um, I actually think I've gone too deep on this one. This is a I found a sub filled with bits
I don't know where to start. I don't know where to start with this one guys. Usually the ocean is a bountiful
bountiful
There's a mystery. There's a mystery. There's piss. This is something with piss. I'm pretty sure Aquaman did it but he's crazy
Well, I retire. Well, this is it for me. This is it. This is that I am breaking up with the ocean
Next up we're checking out Jack Cousteau's fields. I just go to fields and see what's going on
Uh, should we wrap up you think yes. Yes. I'm gonna try I'm trying to get it. Fuck
Find a good one and it's a good one Justin
Griffin I think everybody's pretty tired of this game. Oh, are they I think this is the best fucking game like ever
We've played some fun games here. This has been the first interactive episode of my bim-bam because you could get a high score on this episode
Okay
Martin Sheen
President Josiah Bartlett from the West Wing or Tommy Lee Jones
Shit
Martin Sheen seems like kind of a hippie
Yeah
But let me paint you a picture Justin imagine this scene in the tooth
Cathedrals is I think the episode and rather than just lighten up a cigarette in the middle of the church
He just pulls out a sweet-ass steampunk themed vape rig. He snaps his rig over his knee and throws it on the presidential seal
Are you happy God?
God
That's how I quit vaping was cursing God's name at a funeral
Just so you know for the future yeah boy crime, I don't know is where
I decided to kick your ass
Waves of cotton
Dolores Lanningham died in a car crash because their whole cab was filled with cotton. I learned it from watching you
Well, mr. President one thing you could do to help you relieve your stress
Cut some huge cotton sheets from that mouth of yours
That's one thing
I'm never so is this
Here something said as Dolores Lanningham Toby. I need you to buy me a new vape rig here you go mr. President
I found one good. I want you to take my old vape rig. It's been passed down from my family
Daniel Boone first made this vape rig
Out of a dog's bone and now it's yours
Cotton cotton cotton treasure it
Jed what are you thinking about?
Cotton that's the last word in the series. You remember that fucking touched me. God. I love West Wing. Yeah, it's a good show
This has been my brother my brother of me
I hope you've enjoyed yourself. There's just one more like this one. Okay. There's just one more like this one
We're trying our literal best
If you follow us
We just started an Instagram account for my brother my brother me and the name of the account is my brother my brother of me
All one word we're posting pictures from sets and from filming and stuff
So maybe that will balance out how tired we are that you can get little sneak peeks at what the show is gonna be now
This show will not be out for a while
But we want to give you a little sneak peeks about ahead of time. So check out the Instagram account
I want to say thanks to John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song
It's a departure off the album winning the days to bed. We just added a new show to make some fun
Called the dead pilot society and it's spearheaded by Andrew Reich and Ben Blacker
Who you may know is one of the writers and creators of thrilling adventure hour
Episode one just went up and it's called its Formosa
It's a pilot written by Thomas Lennon and Rob Ben Garant
who you may know from Reno 911 and the state and a ton of really amazing shit and
They take pilots that never made it to air and they have them performed by a pretty kick-ass cast
This first one has Paul F. Tompkins Ben Schwartz Craig Kukowski Janet Varney
Like a lot of really really talented people we just added that so go check that out as well as all the other amazing shows
on there
Seriously, thank you all for sticking with us. I I know this has been
Maybe an exhausting one to listen to we're working really hard to try and make a good television show for you
And I'm really really excited about what we've made and I don't want to make it sound like we're not having a good time
Making the TV show we're having an excellent excellent time, but it is fucking so much work. It is a lot
It's it's tough. Um, and we're gonna keep the podcast going though and keep it coming out for you
Again, this is probably out late and I apologize for that the last one came out. I think a day late
So we'll try and get this one up on time. And yeah, thank you all so much Griffin. Do you have one more question for us?
Yeah
Keanu Reeves or Ron Howard? Well, no, I have a final yahoo
I'm not breaking that Ron Howard though Ron Howard defo. Um, it's from wait. Wait. No, okay
Let's get into our over Keanu Reeves. Yeah, Brad. No question Keanu Reeves. No, brother slam dunk Keanu Reeves
No question. This might have to go to the audience because I feel very strongly about Ron. I feel very very very Ron Howard
I bet he has an Apollo 13 themed rig. Let me just show you the pictures of the two men depicted on this website
One of these men vapes one of them is a super cool. Jesus and one of them is a hard vapor
No, I'm telling you fucking Keanu vapes if anybody vapes
This is the best game we've ever made. I'm excited that this game exists in the world TM TM TM
TM TM please build this tech and whoever builds it first. I'll redirect to your site. You can keep the money
I guess I guess anyway, here's the final yahoo
It was sent in by a level 9,000 yahoo, Georgia Davenport. Thank you, George
But yahoo answers user Johnny who asks our rollercoaster good for you
Update like for your body
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist-owned listener supported
Hey there European max funsters
Do not miss your chance to catch some of your favorite max fun shows live at the London podcast festival
September 22nd through 26th see amazing guests like Armando Iannucci
Josie long and Romare on stage with Jesse Thorne during bullseye
Bust a gut at classic panel show hijinks with international waters and witness some tough
But fair internet justice dispensed by judge John Hodgman himself
The beef and dairy Network show is already sold out
But hey at least you can enjoy being in the proximity of the premier expert on beef animals and dairy herds, right?
More guests will be announced soon and tickets are going fast go to maximum fun org for tickets right now
So you don't live a life steeped in regret?
