The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Live from the floor of Comic-Con, it's my brother, my brother, and me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm Marmaduke.
I'm Naruto. Is that a thing?
Yeah, you're Naruto. I'm Marmaduke. Travis, who are you cosplaying as?
Beetle Bailey.
Oh man, Travis won it.
Sarge is back on the case. He's going after Trav again.
Travis has actually matched up Beetle Bailey and Big Bad Beetleborgs,
which everyone knows what we're all about. It's basically Beetle Bailey in a robot bug suit.
It's Big Bad Beetle Bailey.
If this is supposed to be a comic convention, there should be way more stink lines floating
around this place. That's all I can think is like, if this were a comic book, you wouldn't
even be able to see the signs. You wouldn't be able to navigate the floor.
You're talking about like pig pen-esque stink lines.
Pig pen stink lines.
PU flies.
I think there should be more PU flies. I think if you wanted to cosplay as something,
you should just have visible stink lines emanating from your body.
Because come on, man. Look at yourself.
That's a slippery slope though, because if I ever went to Comic-Con,
I would just walk around and be like, oh, you're PU lines. Oh, you're stink lines.
Oh, no. You just kind of have. That's just the stink of the con.
We're not actually there, but through the magic of audio and imagination, we can be there.
I'm really happy to see all of the Kevin James cosplayers this year.
I bet Kevin James is there. I bet he's dressed up like the fattest Doctor Who.
Yeah, it shouldn't be tough to find a fat guy at Comic-Con.
Let's just all keep an eye peeled for him.
Doctor Who took my lasagna starring Kevin James.
Doctor Who moved my beef butter sandwich.
I'm starving.
Doctor Who could ever love a man that can't put their arms around.
That's a pretty good cosplay. Comic-Con cosplayer.
Um, so this is obviously an advice show for the modern era.
I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I am your middle brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your youngest brother, Griffin McElroy.
Griffin, who's transported coming to you for the first time
in beautiful Austin Tech House.
Such a lovely city. So lovely. So arid. I love how arid it is.
Is everything Adobe?
Everything is Adobe Photoshop and Premiere and Sound Booth.
So. That sounds nice.
It's a little software joke for everybody.
Hope you enjoyed it.
You can expect much more of that in the hour to come.
Griffin, you said it was arid.
So with your blonde hair and blue eyes,
you must be fitting in really well.
That's not what that word means.
But it's close.
You kept saying, I really want to move there.
It's arid. And then you would wink.
And I wouldn't understand.
But now I think I finally get it.
So you might call it the master state
and I would wink again.
And you'd be like, well, now you're just, everyone knows.
I'm not even being clever anymore.
Hey, let's get into some advice.
I've got the best group of friends.
Problem is, they're all guys.
Did I mention I'm a girl?
You didn't. You know you didn't.
You just wrote that as two sentences in.
You know you didn't include that.
Two sentences deep. You didn't know.
Of course you wrote you're a girl.
It said right there.
And you knew that going in.
And this question is a trick.
I'm not sure I want to read.
Like, what other surprises does she have in store?
But here's the twist.
I'm a girl. Follow me.
Follow me.
I feel like she's wilding out.
Oh, you think it's a punk situation
where the rabbit hole just keeps getting deeper.
Well, let's see.
I've always gotten along better with the opposite gender,
but I'm getting sick of all the testosterone.
I really need some female friends in my life,
but don't know where to start.
What's the best way to make some girlfriends
without appearing desperate?
That's from tired of the sausage fest.
Who are, who do you, who the fuck do you think we are?
Yeah.
Yeah, who, why do you think that we have any,
any wisdom to impart to you in this particular situation?
You could like braid each other's hair,
get manicures.
But you got to find, you got to find someone to braid first.
You can't just walk up.
No, you can just do a drive by.
You can do a drive by braiding.
Let me see those locks.
We're going to be real good friends.
We're going to get real close.
Let's go get our nails done.
Getting your nails did is good.
Because you can just open a nail salon
and then befriend your, your agents.
Ooh, that, that could be a really,
that could work out really well.
But that's, you don't have to open up a small business
to make friends.
Well, that's true.
That's quite an investment on,
on something that may not pan out.
Maybe, hmm.
Go to the gym, join like a spinning class or something.
The problem is like, you're, I don't know how,
if you, if I knew how to meet girls.
Yeah.
Like, man, if you can crack that particular case,
then, then we'd have something.
But I, I, how does anybody meet a girl?
I don't know.
I don't remember how I met my wife.
I just knew her.
And then we were wed.
I believe I've always known her.
Yeah.
She just was.
She just was.
And then I married her.
But I do not remember, I don't think we actually met.
I don't think I've ever met a girl.
Now that I think about it,
I don't think I've ever met one.
But I would say that I think that making new friends,
no matter what gender,
kind of follow the same rule of thumb
as trying to find like a boyfriend or girlfriend,
a romantic relationship,
which is if you go out looking for it,
you're going to scare all of them away.
You know, if you roll up and you start a conversation
with a girl at, you know, Starbucks or something,
and you're like, so can we like hang out
and be best friends and stuff?
She is not going to want to hang out with you ever again
because you are scary.
I don't think this listener would do that,
Travis, what you just said.
I don't think-
Well, she asked, you know,
how to do it without appearing desperate.
And I think, you know, you build slowly
the same way you do any relationship.
You know, you hang out a couple of times,
you make plans, anything like that.
Just, you know, if you meet someone and they seem fun,
and, you know, you would like to hang out with them more,
just ask them.
I feel like you should just embrace the situation
you have now.
I feel like you could have a real
queen of the Nile situation on your hands
if you play your cards right.
Oh, really?
Sort of like a weighted on hand and foot
queen of the voice type situation?
Carried around town on a palanquin.
Like, I think this could all,
I think this would all be really, really good.
Don't any of these guys have girlfriends
or sisters or anything?
Oh, that's a good connection.
Yeah.
Or moms.
Or moms?
Moms are great friends.
With their, they've got a lot of good stories.
They have those jeans.
Sure.
That look like that?
This sucks.
We don't have, like, I don't know any girls.
I'm almost certain that they don't exist.
This is one of those things, though,
where we get that question all the time.
How do I make friends?
I don't know.
What's your skill set?
Like, what, you know?
I need to know something about you.
What are you bringing to the table?
Yeah.
What, are you funny?
Or maybe you're really smart or you're rich.
What are your strengths that are going to draw people into you?
Because there's only three,
and they're funny, smart, or rich.
So which are you?
Which, which skills are you?
Or super attractive.
Four.
Super attractive is the other one.
Maybe you have this army of guys that follows you around
that can lift heavy things for them
and help them move and stuff.
Why don't you send those guys out?
Like, like, like birds of prey
and say, go bring me some women.
Fetch me women, men.
I think we've, I think we've probably constructed
a far different relationship between her and her male friends.
It's kind of a hive mind thing here.
Yeah, right.
We've established her as quite the queen bee.
I'm not sure it rolls out just like that.
But I think that, I think asking them,
like, like trying to hang out with,
like if they got a sister or a mom or something,
I think that that's actually a pretty good,
a pretty good play.
You know, meeting people through people is always easier
than making that initial connection.
Everybody has a hip aunt.
Everybody's got a cool aunt, Julie.
A lot of my friends and also my brother
are trying to tell me to live with my fiance
before we are married.
I don't like that idea because I'm trying to follow
the biblical teaching on the situation.
And I've told them this on many occasions.
Could you please help me with this?
Yeah.
Well, Mike, for people trying to live a biblical lifestyle,
you have certainly come to the right program.
But let me walk you through what my Bible says.
Of course, my Bible is the gift book,
the bro code based on the hit television show
How I Met Your Mother.
This is supposedly written by Barney Stinson,
but I'm pretty sure they had a workshop of ghost writers.
That's my Bible.
And my Bible says, just go for it, bro.
Really?
Yeah, that's what it says in my Bible.
Just live with her.
And then they've got like a picture of Barney
from How I Met Your Mother, and he's just sort of sitting.
He's kind of winking at the camera,
but you kind of know what he's saying.
Is he wearing a suit, perchance?
Yeah, he has suited up, I think, is how you would say it.
It's a great gift book.
It's available for $14.99 at your local, well, not Borders, but-
Spencer's.
Spencer's gifts.
Spencer's is filling the Borders void now.
They're just selling literature and blow up fuck dolls.
I don't think that Spencer's sells blow up fuck dolls.
Oh yeah, they do.
They do, but as a goose.
They're not like sexy blow up fuck dolls.
They're like Queen Elizabeth.
Get it?
I'm with you.
Hey, Mike, I would tell them that they need to back off
and you're going to do your thing,
and they're going to do their thing,
and then later where they're in hell burning forever,
they can get back with you on whether or not you made the right decision.
But for right now, no dice.
Quick counterpoint.
I don't think it's a terrible, awful idea to live with your fiance before marriage,
but if you don't want to, like-
Sure, right.
If you're asking for what I think you should do,
what I think you should do is live with somebody before you marry them,
but I think that what you don't need right now is more people telling you
what to do in your life.
You don't need an advice show.
You need a show called Back Off Mike, where just guys tell people-
Step out my grill.
Get out Mike's grill.
Starring nobody.
Yeah, yeah.
Everything and every major decision in your life,
there will be just countless people that think they know it better than you
because they've done it before,
or they've seen it in movies,
or they've read it in magazines.
Tell them just to back the fuck off because it's your situation.
Advice is always welcome,
but at the end of the day, it's your decision, not theirs.
At the end of the day, step off.
I'm going to interject here and just say that
ignore everything that Justin and Travis are saying because you gots to live with them.
Oh, you totally do,
but you just don't need to listen to your friends and brother.
Listen to us.
You gots to listen to us because you gots to live with her.
Oh man, because she does some shit that you don't know about yet
that you need to know about before you get betrothed.
What if she poops in the shower?
That's not something you're going to get until you share a residence with her.
Mike, can I throw this out?
Two-bedroom apartment.
You're thinking that'll keep it holy.
Yeah, I'm saying he can live with her
without necessarily caving in on the biblical teachings.
Hey, Travis.
Hey, Travis.
Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, is not an RA.
We're not trying to fucking thwart the dean here, okay?
Like, it's Jesus.
He knows what's up.
He's not fucking fooled by your chicanery.
He knows the score.
Like, he's not like,
oh, looks like two different apartments from way up here.
Where I sit, this seems pretty kosher.
You got to get a three-bedroom apartment, right?
And then you guys sleep on the outer perimeter bedrooms
and the middle bedroom, that's where the Holy Spirit sleeps.
I'll leave a little space there.
He'll appreciate the gesture,
even though he will continue to help forever.
My body is ready for Yahoo.
Let me see if I can help you with that.
Oh, this one was sent in by Gabriel Pinto.
Okay.
Usually these questions are just like super bad ideas,
but this one is actually like,
this one's actually a really good solution
to an important problem.
It was asked by, ah, fuck, ASDFVBSD,
which makes me think that he took his name selection
pretty seriously.
And he asked, why don't they STD test everyone all at once?
Okay.
Like to kill off all of the treatable stuff
and alert people with non-curable ones
so they can not spread it and also treat it.
Because like now there is super gonorrhea
that isn't curable yet.
And this is going to happen with every curable STD eventually.
So he wants-
He's saying like just massive people round up.
He's talking, he's saying,
hey, everyone on the earth, it's chlamydia day.
Okay.
And everyone goes to the doctor
and they get their chlamydia cured.
And then guess what guys, chlamydia is gone.
So, okay, wait, hold on.
So on one day, everyone in the world-
Chlamydia day.
Chlamydia day.
Yeah, thank you.
Everyone in the world-
On the planet.
Will simultaneously go to the hospital.
Yes, yes.
This is the concept.
And they would have-
So the world grinds to a halt so we can get rid of chlamydia.
It'll be like the rapture, but for wiener disease.
Is that what you're saying?
We got three and a half billion dicks.
We got three and a half billion vaginas.
Let's just get them all peeped at the same moment in time.
And then where did all of our diseases go?
I don't know where my chlamydia went.
And by my chlamydia, I mean the earth's chlamydia.
It's gone.
Okay, but real quick, just brain teaser here.
Okay.
Who checks the checkers?
They check each other?
They check each other.
What are you-
I think here's the one of the infrastructure issues you're gonna run into here.
Okay.
Is that you're gonna have a lot of beautiful people getting treated for chlamydia all at once.
And there's gonna be a line of other people waiting.
No.
Yeah, they're gonna re-hook up.
They're gonna go to the coat check room at the hospital.
At the hospital, the coat check room.
The coat check room.
The champagne room.
The lab coat check room.
And they're gonna hook up.
Hey, quick side note, not to derail us too much.
Did you know that doctors sometimes prescribe beer?
No.
They have prescription beer at the hospital.
Like if you're an alcoholic-
No, you're fucking with me.
They don't want you to have the DTs there while you're getting treated for something else.
So they have prescription beer.
Is it MGD-64?
They will like prescribe you a cold one.
Oh, it's gotta be the war.
It's gotta be like Schlitz.
Like he needs 30 seasons of Schlitz.
Shasta beer.
This is Faygo beer.
Like beer.
But yeah.
That's only gonna help fuel the chlamydia day fuck party.
Oh, shit.
Right.
They're gonna open all the prescription beers and they're gonna get crazy.
So what we've established here is that by trying to cure chlamydia, we create a perfect storm.
Ground zero of a white squall of peepee diseases.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
To the point where it becomes corporeal and takes human form.
Oh, gross.
Like Mr. Yacht.
And then you've gotta call the ghostbusters.
Exactly.
Obviously.
Obviously.
Guys, what kind of world do you live in?
Let me ask.
There's two worlds that we can live in and you can decide.
Okay.
I don't want to be in the one with the man made of chlamydia.
If that's-
Well, option A, do we want a world with like a Golgotha-esque demon made of venereal diseases?
Or do we want to live in a world where super gonorrhea is a thing that anyone can get at
any time for sitting on the wrong toilet seat?
That's a really, when you make it the point like that, it seems a lot more compelling, actually.
You can stay away from the Golgotha-esque demon.
You can stay away from him.
No, the good thing about the demon is that he gives us something concrete to fight.
To fear?
So often you hear people say, it's time for us to fight AIDS, but now it'll be like no real-
Oh, if you could like fisticuffs just like go around and around with AIDS.
Get a gun, hide behind those sandbags, and help us fight the AIDS monster.
Do you hear about Jim?
Oh, no, what?
Totally took out AIDS the other day.
Yeah.
What if single-handedly with a saber-
Beat the ever-loving shit out of it.
Way to go.
I'm uncomfortable with this question.
I didn't know diseases can become super diseases if we let them go unchecked.
Like, that's horrifying to me.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and our over-reliance on antibiotics will make a lot of things untreatable.
And then they evolve.
Yeah, well, do you know what we can do?
Like Pokemon.
Do you know what we can do is catch them all.
No, you know what we can do is-
What?
Get everybody to go to the hospital on the same day and then just cure them.
Let's do another Yahoo.
Okay.
This is questions, of course, that we've taken from the Yahoo answer service.
Stolen.
Stolen-ish.
Proloined.
And are answering them.
Dragooned.
How about this one?
This one was sent in by Elizabeth Kleven.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Haley Judd, who asks,
do you think it's a bad idea to name your kids after characters of your favorite movie?
I really want to name my future kids after Harry Potter characters, but nothing too overbearing.
I was thinking names like Ivana Luna, Aiden James, Hermione Evelyn, or Evelyn Hermione.
No.
Lily Charlotte.
What do you think?
If you're Harry Potter fans, add some of your opinions of names.
Pools.
Okay, I like Harry Potter.
Don't fucking do that.
This is my son Cookshanks Dobby.
Yeah, this is Dobby Cookshanks.
This is my son punch me right in the balls in, throw me in a locker, and leave me there forever.
This is my son uninvited to every party ever.
This is my son fart in my mouth in gym class.
This is my son getting jacked on PCP and threw himself out a bedroom window.
He's had a rough life.
It's maybe dates back to, it's hard to pinpoint the exact moment,
but it's probably when I decided to name him Hagrid Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.
Hi, I'm Stephen Voldemort, and I would appreciate it if you
just stop bullying me just constantly.
And if you do not mind, please stop saying my name out.
It's disrespectful.
It is troubling.
Sorry, I'm not better at sports, but...
And please, it's Steve, he who shall not be named.
I'm Stephen, he who shall not be named.
He who shall not be kissed.
He who shall not be invited.
Don't ever.
He who shall not be successful.
Poor kid. Don't ever do this.
Don't do this thing.
Don't do this thing that you're saying.
This thing you've said, don't do this.
Haley, don't do this thing because for the reasons that we've just outlined,
and also Harry Potter's a book, not a movie, you dummy.
I mean, it's also a movie, but it's a book first.
And thirdly, there's so many other better movie names that you can use.
Sure.
I mean, Condorman, it's right there.
Condorman, T-Rex from Jurassic Park is my favorite character.
I mean, you could pretty much go any direction.
This is my son, Val Kilmer Batman.
Yeah.
You have to be so specific.
Yeah, you really do wanna be.
You don't wanna be George Clooney just swarthing around with swarviness as that Batman.
You want that Val Kilmer Batman.
That's the recipe for success.
No nipple Batman is the best Batman.
It's the only Batman.
The only Batman.
One other thing, if you name your kid Hermione anything, who do you think you're fooling?
That's true.
Who do you think isn't gonna go, oh, Harry Potter?
And you'd be like, no, no, no.
I was way into that name before Harry Potter came out.
The problem is you might be able to extract a name that would work for you,
but you would have to get, to make it a name that's not immediately identifiable as a Harry
Potter name, you'd have to get so deep catalog that I think the effect would be lost.
Yeah, definitely don't name your offspring Hogwarts,
because that's not an attractive name.
Also, I think that tomorrow everybody should go to the hospital at the same time
so we can finally cure Hogwarts.
I have warts just up and down my hog.
It is a bad scene.
It is a bad scene down there.
Up until two weeks ago, almost all my meals were provided either by my loving parents
or the surprisingly excellent dining facilities at my university.
Now, however, I've been living in an apartment for the past two weeks,
and in that time, practically all I've managed to put into my body is an embarrassing amount
of delivery pizza and chain restaurant burritos.
And fuck, I'm hungry.
I'm sick and tired of this, and I need new things to eat.
What should I do to broaden my palette?
That's from Culinary Child.
Your first two or three years out of college, you're going to eat like an asshole, man.
I ate like a fucking, I ate like a jerk.
All I do is eat bacon and drink orange soda.
Griffin would come over to my house after he got out of college.
He would come over to my house sometimes,
and he would have bags from fast food places that were so crowded around,
I didn't even know they really existed.
Those places you see, but no one ever actually eats there.
Did you get a frost top?
What are you doing?
Chompers?
That's not even a restaurant.
Who goes to Chompers?
Griffin, where the fuck did you find a Rax?
Not only that, but I mean, I ate a lot of ramen.
I would put hot dogs in the ramen.
I'd be like, oh yeah, protein, what's up?
Oh, it's such a bad scene.
You got to do that though.
You got to learn.
You got to be carefully taught.
The two things that I can actually recommend is one,
find yourself a cooking guru, to use a popular phrase.
Is it popular? Somebody on TV or who writes books that
is sort of at your skill level, because there's different,
different people are sort of doing different television shows,
different books are in a different level.
I like Alton Brown a lot.
You can get on board with him.
There's another guy, his name's the cooking guy,
Sam Zien, I think, Z-I-E-N.
And just start making some of the stuff that looks the easiest,
and you build from there.
If you go to the store, there are countless books that are written to be easy,
that are like three ingredient meals and 10 minute meals,
that kind of thing that are designed for people that are just starting out
and cooking and have no idea what they're doing.
The only thing is to be prepared that it takes some forethought to do
any kind of cooking meals where you can't just throw a frozen pizza in the oven.
You need to make sure you have all the ingredients.
Get on board before you're hungry.
I mean, get the wheel going before that.
I actually prefer the culinary stylings of Paula Deen,
because she cooks and eats like she's gonna commit suicide later that day.
Yeah, like, fuck this, like, ah, fuck it.
I'm gonna make a burger out of donuts.
Fuck you and fuck me.
She eats and cooks like her parents named her Severus Snape.
I'm just ready to just wrap it up.
And she drinks pudding pretty much.
Out of a goblet.
Yeah, so another good one is find recipes for things that you like to eat at restaurants.
You know, like a Taste Just Like or, you know, copycat recipes, things like that,
where you have something to weigh it against.
Like, okay, I'm getting there because this tastes kind of like that thing I know I like.
Do you guys have a meal that you, like, your go-to meal that you are, like,
super good at making that was one of the first things you learned how to make?
Like, for real?
Yeah.
You could do, it's pretty easy, like, Italian sausage and, like, chopped up, you know, bell peppers
and some Parmesan cheese and noodles.
And, like, you make, like, a pasta dish and it's, like, four ingredients.
It's really, really easy.
That's a good one.
I make a, you boys have had it, they're, like, chimmy-ritos.
Like, half chimichanga, half burritos.
Make them the other.
Oh, yeah.
Remember that?
That's good.
If you want that recipe, I'll make sure I get in touch.
Actually, I stole that from Sam Z and the cooking guy, so track him down.
My jam is bacon-wrapped dates.
Super easy to make.
I mean, you can't eat it for a meal, but you can make it for a party and roll up to it.
Like, what's up?
Who brought this food?
And be like, I made it.
Did you really do that?
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
We had it up there that one time with Jordan and Jesse.
Jesse was like, oh, you can make those.
And then I made it.
It's like, you can just make them.
This isn't very funny, but it's...
No, it's true.
Everybody make bacon-wrapped dates.
They're going to blow your mouth off your face.
Do you know how I got started cooking?
I got started and it's kind of cheesy and funny, but this book called A Man, a Can, and a Plan.
You've talked about it before on this show.
Yeah, and you can make it with, like, three canned ingredients, you know?
And then I got started on that in college and making everything else, you know?
But my advice right now is go to the store and just kind of walk the aisles and look
for things that look interesting to you.
And if you're like, oh, maybe a pasta dish tonight, and then go to the internet and look
up different pasta recipes.
You know, find something where you like...
Don't get that recipe off Yahoo!
No.
Nope.
Take your sister's hair and then...
You can go to allrecipes.com.
That's the one I normally use.
I have my own...
I have an account there and I have a little digital recipe box where I put all my jams.
All my hot jams.
Have you unlocked enough food points to get any cool avatars?
Yes.
All I do is browse recipes and give people comments.
Helpful comments like, too much pepper.
I unlocked the Mario Batali mustache yesterday and that really lets people know what level
of cooking skill I'm working with.
Anyway, listen.
If I want to eat this week, I'm going to need some money.
And to do that, to buy the food with the money, I need to go to the money store.
Travis, who's driving this car?
Well, first, Joanna would like to wish her boyfriend Robert a happy belated birthday.
They've been together four years.
She's a biomedical engineer technologist and he just finished a web page design course.
He's going to be 24.
They both love video games.
Oh, he's also a guitarist and they live in Newfoundland, Canada.
So, happy birthday, our neighbors to the north.
Is he a shredder or a plucker?
Does it say?
He's a shred plucker.
Plucker, shredder.
I bet if you could combine plucker and shredder for long enough, it would be some pretty righteous
profanity.
I was just, it was playing around in my mouth.
I was like, I don't know what I'm going to push out of here.
Shrugger.
Shrugger.
Newfoundland is, of course, where Great Big C is from.
They're a fine band.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
So, if you say hi, see them, just say hi.
Jesse Wilson wants to congratulate Jordy Hoyt and Jill Krolik.
Was that good?
That wasn't very good.
Krolik?
Growlick.
Growlick.
Jill Hermione.
They, oh my God, they got married on Saturday.
Oh, that's a talk.
Talk about recent.
Jordy is a programmer at Amazon.
Jill's a scientist, and they got cats, and Jill loves squirrels, and Jordy loves beer,
and their cats love when squirrels drink beer.
I made that last one up, but they were roommates originally, and then they fell in love.
Yeah, but they said they started liking each other, but when I read it initially,
it said they started killing each other.
That's not what happened.
It's like, oh, they have a Mr. and Mrs. Smith thing going on.
That's adorable.
So, congratulations to Jordy and Jill.
Oh, and got one more.
Tim Harrison is one of Andy Turino's closest friends, and it's his 23rd birthday on July 19th.
Tim's awesome.
He got a job at ForumSpring.
He introduced Andy to our show, this program, and they're both Maximum Fun donors, which we love,
and it's Tim's birthday, so we love him.
It was Tim's birthday.
It was Tim's birthday.
We missed it.
By about a week.
Sorry, Tim.
Did my best.
My best on the program.
When Tim met Andy, it was in primary school.
I don't understand what that means.
Like, you know how wizard school works?
Yeah, okay.
Tim met Andy, and the first words he said to him were,
you have holes in your brain, which I think scared the shit out of Andy.
Wait, holy shit.
Was that a quantum leap reference?
I hope so.
I hope this friendship is founded on the back of Dr. Samuel Beckett.
Oh, you have Swiss cheese brain.
You have Swiss cheese memory.
Oh, with America's treasure, Scott Bakkila.
Thank you.
Thank you, Scott Bakkila.
Thank you, Scott Bakkila.
Thank you, Money Zone.
Thank you, Andy and Jesse and Joanna.
You guys are the best.
And Scott.
Give us a map, Scott.
Also, a quick, quick correction.
Quick, minor.
We fucked up last week.
We goofed it pretty hard.
You may remember the plight of Kim, who was honored in a message by Hayden.
I said that Kim was a speech therapist and also in law school,
and then I commented on how she was doing too many things with her life
and how she needs to settle down, girlfriend.
Turns out that Kim is a speech therapist and Hayden is in law school.
She's just super lazy, I guess, and can only handle one thing at a time.
Yeah, so we're marginally less impressed with her than we were last week.
We are completely comfortable saying when Griffin was wrong.
Yeah, I was super wrong, and I'm so sorry.
And please forgive me.
But hey, onward and upward.
I recently moved-
Hey, wait a second.
What?
Ah, motherfucker.
I can't do it.
I don't got my geek.
Joanne loves Robert.
Robert loves data and design and web page design.
Jordy works at Amazon.
Jill is a scientist.
They love their cats, I guess.
Hey Andy, hey Tim, did you fall in love?
You didn't.
You fell in friend.
This song just got bought by John Cougar Mellencamp.
He said it's like one of his.
He said Justin, it doesn't rhyme.
Doesn't need to rhyme when it's a poem.
Doesn't need to rhyme when it's about America.
Capturing the American dream.
I'm sorry, Kim.
And Hayden.
And America.
And John Cougar Mellencamp.
Thanks.
He listens, you know.
Yeah, he's a big fan.
So I recently moved into a apartment with two other wonderful people and trying to come
up with a name to refer to it as the ranch, the old place, but nothing is really stuck.
My roommate, my roommate and me are getting desperate.
Help us.
That's from Tom.
I think that the ranch and the old place and like the commune and stuff, that's pretty
cool.
But let me pitch this.
What about like an old timey southern plantation name?
Oh, wow.
Like have you called it like Belle Rouge?
Oh, my God.
I love that.
Listen, none of us.
This is my home La Croix.
In our lifetimes.
The main point here is that the reason for naming a place is that it's easier to lure
members of the opposite sex or same sex, if that's your bag, into it without it sounding
like let me come to the place where I sleep and make duties and showers.
And I think it's important that this place sounds safe.
Safe.
Do not go with the kill cube.
Whatever you do, avoid the honey trap.
Welcome to my lair.
Let's head back to the lair.
The fortress of bonitude.
That's bad.
Pussy torture zone is awful.
Don't go with that one.
Yeah.
Chuck E. Cheese's.
You could keep the government off your tail by calling it something that is already prominent.
Like if you say the library or something.
Let's see that word.
Or McDonald's.
What if you just called it like the church of the divine light?
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Very clever.
Kids camp.
Kids camp.
Great.
Come on.
I'm going to make love to you at kids camp.
What?
That was a Z.
Ooh, call it space camp.
Everybody wants to go to space camp.
I think space camp is probably the best name.
And then you can make like all kinds of like, and I'm going to take you out of this world.
Yeah.
I'm about ready to launch.
Houston, we have a problem.
All right.
The problem is that I already launched.
That's my bad.
That's on me, Houston.
You could get a console set up like a whole.
Oh, yeah.
Lots of knobs and switches in there.
I love that.
And then pretend like you're talking to Houston just constantly.
Listen.
T minus nine, eight, seven.
Yeah, these are all, this is all going to work out super well.
Yeah, this is going to be great.
Listen, NASA has discontinued its shuttle program.
We got to have somewhere to go from here.
The dream of interplanetary exploration is alive in my bedroom.
So come, let us extend our national dream of traveling through the stars as I make a
brief love to you.
And then later I make you something from the kitchen.
Which we call the galley.
We call the galley, technically speaking.
Can we just name the house a person's name and then have it sort of be a character in
their story?
Like this is Steve the house?
This is Dennis.
This is my house, Dennis.
It's very spacious.
I live in Houston.
And then you pretend like it's like haunted and you talk to it and like, Dennis, it's
cold in here.
Wait, is Dennis your butler?
Well, it's more like a house spirit.
Dennis, your spirit has, your ectoplasm has given me a chill.
How can you ever move, though?
Yeah, you leave Dennis behind.
You gotta burn it down.
Dennis, as with all friendships, when you have to leave one of your friends, you must
kill them.
If I can't have you, no one can, Dennis.
Is it, was Dennis the name of the house?
I forget.
Dennis is the name of the house.
And it's going to be awkward because every time you walk into or out of the house, it's
like Dennis is either eating you or throwing you up.
And don't go in the back door.
Hey, hey, listen, I've had a great time talking with you tonight.
Uh, I'd like this to continue.
Do you want to crawl inside my friend Dennis' mouth and have sex?
Can we go in and out of the back door repeatedly and have sex with our house Dennis?
For Dennis sake.
Why are you trying to have sex with the house Dennis?
Why can't, why can't we not just at once have a question that's about houses that have
names?
Yeah, like, why does it always have to have to turn into a pornographic?
Have you guys ever seen the movie Monster House?
It'd be like that.
It wouldn't though.
I mean, if you think about it, it wouldn't be like that at all.
Have you guys ever seen the movie, um, the Money Trap starring Tom Hanks?
You're thinking of the Honey Trap.
The Money Pit, you mean?
The Money Trap Pit.
The Money Pit Pit.
Are you thinking they should name the house the Money Pit?
Can they name it Scott Bakkila?
Can they name the house Scott Bakkila?
This is my house.
America's, America's Treasurer Scott Bakkila.
America's Treasurer Scott Bakkila.
I live in him.
I live inside Scott Bakkila.
Can we take it to the next level?
Okay.
Can, can the three of you, assuming you're not on a long lease that you would be penalized
for leaving, can you just go live inside of Scott Bakkila?
Like inner space style?
Like inner space style.
Live in his guts.
Are you saying they need to invent shrinking technology technology?
Where do you live?
Just send that letter straight to Scott.
Uh, just PO box, Scott, and, uh, I've attached some notes and stuff to his eyeballs so I
can read it too.
Wait, don't read my mail, Scott.
That's weird.
All these letters just keep getting mailed to me, but it just says Scott Bakkila.
To me, but it just says Scott on it.
Oh, that's mine.
Just eat the letter.
I'll get it.
If I could control Scott Bakkila's body from the inside, starting inner space, quantum
leap to day one.
You guys don't even know.
Leaped again.
You're right.
Oh boy.
Here I go again.
So you-
There are tiny people in my body making me make this poor decision.
Basically, Scott Bakkila's manager would get a call and he said, hi, is this a manager?
Yes.
This is definitely Scott Bakkila.
These are definitely aren't people inside of Scott Bakkila.
So wait, wait, wait.
This is gone from living in Scott Bakkila to controlling it like Meet Dave style.
Like you're inside Scott Bakkila's head piloting.
That's where we're at, Travis.
Keep up.
Exactly.
That's exactly the situation.
Can you put me on a TV show?
What kind?
Quantum leap is pretty good.
You know how we've been itching to start on quantum leap to the sequel to a TV show?
That thing that, of course, people do all the time?
If they're bringing back Dallas, can't they bring back-
I'm willing to bet they wouldn't call it quantum leap 2.
I think they could just call it quantum leap.
Quantum leap colon some more.
As everyone knows, he took a brief sabbatical and never returned home.
He's still out there leaping.
He is.
That show had a very ambiguous ending.
I'm saying it's up to us to shrink ourselves,
lip and Scott Bakkila's body and control him to create quantum leap 2.
Still leaping.
Leaped again.
How much money?
How much dollar do you want me to push for, Scott?
Just the regular amount.
However much I normally get from shows.
Can we three times that money?
Can we triple it and then split it with your-
And then shrink it.
I got a lot of mini mouths to feed.
I have mini mouths to feed.
I mean, by which I mean tiny mouths that live inside me.
Can we make Scott Bakkila giant?
Seriously, not shrink down.
We just blow up Scott Bakkila.
Oh, my God.
You guys have just set up a reality where we can have a battle between
giant Scott Bakkila and giant gonorrhea.
Waging a war.
Laser shooting out of his eyes.
He's leaping.
Although I don't know why he would have laser technology.
He's just big Scott Bakkila.
Well, you know, bigger.
Why not?
I mean, if you're going to shoot for the stars, shoot for the stars.
Yeah.
Yeah, don't limit yourself here.
We got to dream big.
So we're all going to go to Scott Bakkila, get inside him at once.
And what if we just gave Scott Bakkila the antibodies to fight gonorrhea,
and then it would just live and you would live inside him and be cured.
Oh, OK.
So he's like an incubator.
He's like a water slide is what you're saying.
Like every every person on Earth would have to go through Scott Bakkila's body
and then they would be free of diseases.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Yeah, Scott Bakkila needs to eat everybody.
That's what I'm telling you.
Giant Scott Bakkila, not regular Scott Bakkila.
So to answer your question about what to name your apartment,
Scott Bakkila should eat everybody in the world.
Glad that we can help with that one.
No, giant Scott Bakkila should eat everybody in the world.
Sorry, I meant to say giant Scott Bakkila.
If if regular Scott Bakkila eats people, he's he's ham-electar.
Oh, and so then so he absorbs all the gonorrhea
and then flies into space and explodes, saving everyone on Earth.
But sacrificing himself.
This rain is really weird.
It smells like Scott Bakkila and gonorrhea in rain form.
Why did we come out today?
Let's stop this game of catch.
I'm over it.
Let's do a Yahoo.
All right.
This one was sent in by Joseph Hennessy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ryan who asks,
how can I successfully become a creepy person?
Hi, I would like to become a creepy person,
not just to the eyes of one other, but for everybody.
What procedures should I follow in order to become an ephetis creepy person?
Thanks.
What?
Excuse me?
I feel like getting on Yahoo Answers is a good first step in the right direction.
You are fucking halfway there.
Are you kidding me?
I think that beginning your Yahoo Answers question with hello
is a good step to hello, internet.
Hi.
I know one in particular.
It's me.
Talk like that.
That's good.
There's the best answer.
I was voted by Yahoo Answers users.
Their username is just period.
It's just one period.
And they said, never frown, even when you're sad,
because you never know who's falling in love with your smile.
So basically just do that.
Like basically just do what that person just did and said to you.
Say those things to people.
In that exact order.
The secret to being a creep is to imagine a reality
in which Paul Giamatti has no acting talent.
And if you can act like that, like Paul Giamatti,
but without the redeeming quality of his wonderful acting,
that to me is the quintessential creep.
A second.
I thought that you were just saying if you want to be a creepy person-
The attitude that someone would have if Paul Giamatti didn't have any acting ability.
Yeah, like Paul Giamatti had never acted.
Paul Giamatti sucks at acting.
Oh, that guy's, you're such a creep for saying that.
I thought that that was what you were saying at first.
No, no.
You know who I hate?
Paul Giamatti.
Ew, get out of here.
Get out of here, you creep.
Oh, I thought you were talking like an alternate reality kind of circumstance
where if we lived in a world where Paul Giamatti didn't have any acting ability-
Oh shit, or he just never tried it.
Yeah.
That's fucking, that's fucking F1.
Listen, giant Sam Beckett, Paul Giamatti is never gonna act.
You've got to convince him to go to the audition.
And then-
Oh, boy.
Oh, God.
Sorry.
Let's stop the show.
My, here's the thing.
If you ever see me in person, just walk up to me and say Giant's Calvacula.
And I'll just start, I promise you I will always find that idea entertaining.
You know what the worst part about doing this show is?
I'm gonna have to walk out my office door and I'm gonna walk in a world where there
isn't a Giant's Calvacula.
And here in this sphere-
Can we stay in this dreamscape forever?
Well, listen, thank you for coming into this dreamscape with us.
We're so happy to have you and so happy that you guys have stuck with us.
If you get a second, tell somebody you know, say, hey, listen, this show is gonna start slow.
And then at the end, it's gonna really go on a journey.
So I need you to go on it with me because I can't do this alone, I'm afraid.
And share the show.
Share the show with somebody you care about.
If you know Scott Baccala, can you try and get him on board?
Because I feel like we had some pretty good ideas for him.
Career-wise.
Some real advances we want to make to his career.
I think we're really gonna turn this whole thing around.
We're really gonna blow him up and then we're gonna blow him up.
And then we're gonna blow up his cell because everybody wants a piece of him and they can.
He's large enough that I can get a sliver.
This is my chunk of the Berlin Wall and this is my chunk of Scott Baccala that I took.
This is my glowing piece of that radical rock.
This is my piece of the agrocrack.
Your mantle's fucking weird, man.
It's a weird mantle, dude.
Got some weird-ass tchotchkes up in here.
If you go to maximumfun.org forward slash jumbotron, you can do just like Joanna and
Jesse and Andy did and say something to a friend.
Corporations, if you got a business you want us to plug, we do that too.
We got forums.
It's also at maximumfun.org as long as you're there.
Go check it out.
If you want to send us a question or a Yahoo question, our email is nbmbam at gmail.com.
You can just shoot us one there.
Or nbmbam at maximumfun.org.
Yes.
Either one works.
Thank you so much to John Roderick and the Long Winners for letting us use the song
It's a Departure as our theme song.
It's on the album Putting the Days to Bed, which no joke is a fucking phenomenal album.
Say thanks to John Roderick is just at John Roderick on Twitter.
So say thanks to him.
Say, hey, hey, you rock really good.
You walk so right.
I see on here that Isolated in Indianapolis owes us a cheesecake.
Is this accurate?
Yeah.
She let us know that, you know, we talked last week directly to her boyfriend and told
him to move.
And then she, I think, made the mistake of listening to the episode with him.
And now he is moving to Indianapolis to be with her.
And she informed us that her cheesecakes are, in fact, amazing.
So in my opinion, she owes us, but more specifically me, a cheesecake.
The good news is we helped save this relationship.
The bad news is that someone did one of the things we told them to do.
Yes.
Which we cannot stress enough.
You really should not do that.
Don't ever do that.
Unless you are Scott Bakkila.
Speaking of which, thanks to Bob Ball, who does our intro.
Thank you, Bob.
We love him.
I went to Red Lobster with Bob this week.
What'd you get?
Cheese rolls?
What?
Did you get some of those cheese rolls?
Did you win the shrimp?
What did you eat?
Did you win the shrimp?
A day with a Red Lobster visit without Cheddar Bay.
What's the point?
Are we talking scampi?
Are we talking fried coconut?
I did a little bit of both, you know.
So thanks to everybody.
We love it when you tweet about the show on Twitter,
which seems like the best place to put tweets.
Just use the M-E-M-E-A-M hashtag.
The best thing about it is when people don't tweet anything about the show,
just something that's going on in their life,
and then put the M-E-M-E-A-M hashtag for some reason.
I like that, though.
I like that.
Just keep it going.
Share the show with people.
And hey, if you're telling somebody about it,
or if you're tweeting about it, put out a link to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash itsmabimbam.
So do that.
Thank you, everybody.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
We love you.
Griffin.
This is finally Yahoo!
was sent in by Ghaliayali.
This is finally Yahoo! was sent in by Ghaliayali.
Thank you, Ghali.
It's by Yahoo!
answers user question mark, who asks,
did you ever guest star on The Golden Girls?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
Sqeeear the lips.
Keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart.
Three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Keep your heart.
