The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello thanks for having me a
Great sir solid
To what is sure to be extremely chaotic my brother my brother me. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy, and I'm the other brother Jean
Hi, Jean. Hi. Hi, Jean. Welcome. Everybody. This is this is our friend Jean gray
You may know her from God. What what what Jean things things? Yeah, I'm so excited to be here
And that you finally decided to let the show be my brother my brother and Jean
My brother and Jean actually sounds better now. Yeah, we've been dancing around it for a long time
I'm actually a little stressed out if I could say because you're one of the few people who I think actually gives good advice
Yeah, I'm worried about that kind of standard of quality
Coming to coming to our program. Oh, well, don't worry about that. It's really gone downhill since the pandemic
Nothing to worry about there
I'm I'm worried because I'm Jean you are smarter than everyone. I know put together
And I planned a lot of me though. Come on. No, I said what I said, I got a 1280 on the SAT
Come on, man. I got a 1400
What why have we never talked about this now? I know why oh, I didn't take my SATs
No, I'm not doing that and they were like you can't get into NYU unless you take these SATs and I was like
I'm gonna get into NYU. Anyway, I did
See so cool Jean. Damn it. Yeah. I also just want to say before anybody
Access as the kids say this is before they changed like the number of the highest you could get on that
So 1400 used to be good. No, what used to be good thing? I
Don't know. They had like another 800 points in there somewhere
I think just for putting your name on emotional intelligence. Yeah, it's just like yeah, how good of a friend are you?
How caring are you? Are you open to new experiences? Yeah stuff like that. Yeah, you just do tick-tock dances and they score you
I'm gonna take it now
Can you do like yeah SATs? Can you like retro? I'm sure you can't they'll take your money
You should be allowed to be like I'm here for an adult as I'm an adult. I've changed my mind
I just want to put it on Facebook what my score is and I'm ready
Once you're once you're over 25, you should be able to rent a car and take the SAT
But be able to write on different questions like not applicable. Yeah, not I would never you I'm 25
I haven't also am I allowed to smoke during the SATs? I am it's the adult SATs. I can smoke
I think you should be able to put on Game of Thrones drink have a little like sippy cup of wine
Have an ashtray
Have some in case you need to cry take a break and watch something
Yeah
renew
So this is an advice show obviously take obviously we're gonna take people's
Questions and turn them out. We like into wisdom with with Jean's help. Our brother Griffin is still
I don't know man, I guess
Recuperating from having a baby. I don't know that he did that much. Well, he pushed a baby out of his body
Yeah, I pushed a baby out. Wow, which part?
Yeah, well, that's what we're still trying to determine Jean
We have our best people on this and we're just basing this on his sort of like attitude and work ethic
It just seems like he took it really well
I'm saying that like depending on which part I'd be like, I understand like if it's his but I'm like
You definitely need a break but like come back to work
But if it's like his p-hole, then he should be out for three years. Yeah, that's that's probably true. No, we're very sympathetic
Congratulations
Yeah, congratulations Griffin would love to talk to you or see you again if you get this message
Love for you to dip back in and put down the piña colada and come back
The beach
Okay
Well, I want to get started
Jean I have a special segment here and it's called riddle me piss. Oh, no. Yeah now Jean
This is our guest
This is our guest Jean now I've got some riddles here
These are a little bit shorter
Faster riddles than we normally do these are sent by hazel
These are from of course the service riddles calm and Jean, you know, just do your best. Like I said, you're very smart
So I'm sure you'll get these Jean the thing with these that Travis finds is that they're
Extremely bad riddles that no one would have ever gotten. So please don't well, I don't know. Well listen to this first one though
What's my motivation?
Like do I get to cross a bridge or something? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, if you answer all five of these
You can cross a bridge
Extremely powerful. Yeah, you get a powerful crystal that will grant you two extra life. Hmm
Two this first one what crawls and is yellow and black and doesn't fly and there's the ones obvious, I think oh
It's it's a bee with a back injury. Oh
very close Justin a
Yellow and black caterpillar
I guess that's close to what crossing is yellow and black. It doesn't fly. Why a bee spider, of course
I was also gonna say Morgan Beeman. Oh
Oh, okay
He used to fly
This one I just like the core concept of a guy works at the poison factory
Poison like Bellevue DeVoe
Yeah
Where they just met at the BBD factory. Yeah demand for Bellevue DeVoe's poison is off the charts folks
We got a print these these kasingles vinyl is back vinyls back. We got vinyl and kasingles
of Bellevue DeVoe's poison
Man, I hope whoever came up with the word kasingles was very proud of themselves
He goes home from work and his wife tells him to wash his hands before eating so he doesn't die
So he goes washes his hand and the next day he's found dead. How is that possible?
Um
It's endless
I'll just go ahead and tell you cuz I want to discuss it when he went to wash his hands
He opened the tap. So the poison went on the tap and when he closed the tap, he touched the poison again now
I think I like about that he works in the poison factory
He worked in the poison factory and what this what this riddle presupposes is that he was just in there in
The poison with his hands that he was just working the poison with his bare no safety
But it doesn't get anywhere else. I guess drive home, you know
I think I get yeah, this is all I can think is that this is like Victorian London
Um
There have to be procedures for you to like scrub out you would think you would think what is correct but it's always wrong
Yeah, and this one people at home are screaming the answer to this well we can't really it's that obvious
It's so obvious. The answer is a bee because it always stings but also helps. It's Morgan Beeman again
It's Morgan Beeman again. I was also gonna say that he might have stung the guy from the poison
He might have stung. They're all
Okay, so what is babble
Storylines interweaving one more so dot-dot-dot
There was this one time you were thirsty and decided to boil water, right?
Just go with it. All you had left were one thin wine glass and one thick glass
Which is more likely to break love a thick glass a thick do you have a thick glass?
We I took a long time selecting our the glasses for this house because I didn't want them to be too thin or too thick
Yeah, I want a nice heavy glass. Do you know what I did? I now that I'm 40 I have completely
This is kind of embarrassing to admit, but I'm just gonna go I have almost completely
eliminated glass
Where from my we have a three-year-old and a six-year-old and enemy and I just don't want anything glass anymore
Everything's like yeah recycle plastic. I don't I'm just out of the game. I'm out of the glass game
I can't handle the pressure. I set glasses down too hard and break them
I and we referred to mostly everything I do is shrekking around just shrekking around
I'm just out there shrekking around breaking glasses left and right. I don't need that. It was probably your thing glasses. So I
Mean, wait what I just why was I boiling the water or what?
So there was this one time you were thirsty and decided to boil water, right?
And then it says in parentheses just go with it in parentheses
Yeah, just hot or do I wait for it to call you had left I'm telling you all the details I have
You decided to boil water right just go with it all you have left for one thin wine glass and one thick glass
which is more likely to break the
Glass but the answer is uh, why would you be boiling water to drink in the first place?
But I but are you fucking kidding me?
That is the answer that is the answer but what if you're in like what if you're on naked and afraid, uh-huh?
That's a good point. They told Travis this naked and afraid and two glasses. This is actually the most irritating one
Gene this is not Travis is not making these up
There's someone who like wrote that into the website and they're like wrote it into the world. Yeah fucking good riddle
Riddle good riddle. Why would you write that and send it? What's your answer?
Yeah, I am so fucking furious the answer right at the answer. Let me talk try slowly talk
Yeah, I'm furious. Okay, because at the one point where it's like
You might stop to think this is weird. Maybe this is part of the riddle. They literally said just go
with it like they did you that's cheating to the worst to the great
It's like you lit it can't get more unfair and they were like don't ask the answer and they also don't give the I mean
The the answer isn't but the question isn't
Do you drink the water? It's which is more likely to break has nothing to do with the fact that you're boiling water
This is the one I love it so much. There should be more there should be more like this. Don't look at him
Uh, yeah, don't send any more of those in. It's obvious. Thank you. Hazel Hazel sent those. Thank you. Thanks Hazel
Okay, then we're gonna help actual people. Here we go
I've started trading voice messages with a pen pal during quarantine and it's been really fun and exciting. Oh good
She's French, but speaks excellent English. So we've been communicating via English so far
But I have secretly been learning French through an app so that I could speak with her in her native language
Well, I started my last message off with 30 seconds worth of what I thought was decent French
But her response didn't mention it at all
What the fuck do I do?
Or should I never mention it or
French fool god
It's a difficult pill. Yeah
I
I'm very confrontational
so
This one is difficult for me because my next message would have been like in French being like, did you hear my fucking French?
What's up
Yeah, yeah, did you fool a fool my you know, the whole thing. Did you get it bitch like what happened?
What's up
Is it possible that like I'm not bilingual
I speak a little Spanish like enough to get around right but like my brain still has to do the computations
It's not happening. Like second nature. Is it possible your French was so good
That it just didn't trigger
Like they just kind of like processed it right? Like I don't know. I'm used to hearing both of these. It's not gonna like
Mess me up. Like if you if you hang out with people who are bilingual, especially like two people who speak a different language from you
you'll notice in conversation sometimes they'll just start like
You know, they'll switch without even really thinking about it. Maybe your French was so good that they didn't even really process
I watch a lot of polyglots
Trying to surprise people
With their own languages videos on YouTube. That's my weird hobby
And that happens that people are like immediately like oh, okay, and then just continue with the conversation
So, uh, that's possible. I said like when people are at like a like when the you watch the videos of like
an American going into like
Chinese restaurant or something and then they're just like
Like let me blow you away with the fact that I also know your language
Statistically speaking, isn't it strange that there's no video of someone walking up to someone to do street magic
But then the person that they approach is also a street magician who does street magic back to them
That should exist right that has to have happened right but that's like it's not gonna mix, you know
I just not gonna be impressed what I would be
Going and they keep doing street magic back and forth between until they die. Yeah
Until they die and eventually they're like we should buy some tigers together. Absolutely. We should let's take this show on the road
This is I enjoy France very much. I
Especially because they call me John
And so when I was in France a lot of my
My way of communicating I was like, I'm never gonna be good enough right now
So let me just choose things that I know are are funny like the monkey smoke in the pipe
And I'd say a lot of things about bicyclette
And if I was charming enough, then they were fine with it. They were like, oh, oh stupid. I'm a con
French is hard and
yeah, no, it's I tried to learn it during the last year because why not and
They have if I'm not mistaken
20 words, but those 20 words each have
1,000,000 different uses and so like voo could be
Anything don't complain about a language that is unless you're like mainly complaining about English
No, English is the worst English is the worst because none of what we say actually means
I've tried talking to a four-year-old and you use like a turn of phrase and the four-year-olds like what the fuck?
What does that mean and you're like, uh, don't worry about it. It's dumb. Don't worry about it
What did you want the person to say? It's like what?
Yeah, right like that's what you're hoping for. Like you're telling me you learned French in addition to English a feat
Which I demonstrated
I think you just nailed it right there. I think it's like, oh, okay
So you decided to do the thing that I'm already doing. I'm not impressed. I'm already doing that thing and I think
Mainly a lot of Americans are like look at the light and everybody's like, yeah, we all speak like 80 languages like okay
So great good for you
Um, yeah, we already do and also if you didn't contextualize it it probably seemed kind of weird
Like have you been catfishing this whole time and you spoke French this whole time?
Wait, if you had started speaking Esperanto, I bet they would have mentioned that right that would have been like, whoa
What was that? I didn't understand what you just said
Can you back up only 2% of the population understood what you just said if that I mean keep speaking French
That's uh, it's it's a great it's a great language to learn and to know but definitely like yeah, just ask
Just ask and it is the best way to
Do it because you want to do it and not to impress somebody and I'm sure they'll help you
That would be nice to have somebody to
Communicate a language you're trying to learn. That's the best way to learn. Yeah, right
It's the best way to practice maybe record some messages of yourself like
Congratulating yourself after you learn the French and then play it back for yourself so you can get the validation. There you go
But like draw a fake mustache on and some cool sunglasses. Yeah alter ego complimentary Tony
Yeah, just there to bully your spirits make you feel that was a real good French you did son
I'm proud of you. Did you call me son? Yeah, I'm also your dad. I
Could tell you've been needing this you earned my respect for the first time finally
I respect your son and I was wrong to change the channel so I could watch Mythbusters. You were right
it
Wasn't your fault that your mom and I separated
At the time it was your school, but no it's all on me I wasn't there for I was speaking in anger son
It's something I learned from my dad, and I'm so glad you didn't learn for me
I like that you're sensitive meet your new mother you guys are the same age to get along great
I just want to let you know you're trape in my book in my book. You're always trape in
I so I want to try out something new here to replace Yahoo. This is sent in this was a suggestion
Did you know the Yahoo answer service died it? Yeah? Well, it's not your empire
I built an empire at it is dying in front of us. You can no longer
Put new questions on it is not they've not pulled the book. Yeah, you can't answer that. It's read-only
It's everyone can stop by and say their last goodbyes
Um yeah, so what Sarah said phase of its of its lifespan so sack exchange calm has a
part of its website for life hacks
But it's life hack requests or someone is saying do you have a life hack for this?
So thank you for sending this in Michael this request for a life hack
was was asked
How to properly eat crumbly food with your hand?
I'm
Talking about grated cheese the crumbs at the bottom of a pack of chips you get the idea
Basically anything that gets stuck on your fingers and or falls to the ground when you try to put it in your hand
Into your mouth is there a nice trick
Preferably without tools to get this kind of stuff inside your mouth without making a mess that was asked by max D
Yeah, you tip the bag
into your mouth it's
Funny you should mention that Jean because the first answer
For the crumbs at the bottom of a bag of chips hold the bag with the opening on top make it almost flat and slowly
Rotated about 45 degrees while shaking it a little bit so that the crumbs end up in a corner
Continue to rotate and shake it while forming a small lip which easily fits into your mouth
Once the bag is rotated slightly more than 90 degrees. The crumbs will start to roll into your mouth. No tools needed
I guess this works less well for grated cheese since they tend to stick more. Maybe you have to shake a bit harder
They get a tap
slow tap a
Slow tap, you know, it's it's a one of the few times when I really feel alive is when I'm doing this with a noose
At the bottom. There's a lot of like different leaf and so yeah, I don't know I have
No idea. What kind of speed or texture. I'm about to experience like I could get like a full
Fun dip mouthful of like just salt and pepper. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and ruin my whole day
I don't know but that you know what? I don't even stop to think about it. That's how alive I am
Yeah, and vibrant in the moment even at 40
That's how I feel with like when you when you're down to the crumbs of a pretzel bag and you know
You know, it's straight salt, but I still can't stop myself from doing it to feel alive
You know what? I mean?
Like I feel like Bodhi jumping out of the airplane, right and I know Johnny Utah's chasing me
But I can't stop myself from doing it Justin. I
Don't really get these. I didn't understand any of that
What it's a point break. Oh
Christ
Point break. It's a great movie. You guys should see it. Oh, I have seen it
I've seen it many times and I remembered nothing all the musical. Oh, the musical is good. Yeah
Now sometimes okay. Now the only time I've gotten into trouble is this
Sometimes you do the tip up and you realize that in the opening of the bag initially you've left a small sort of
Blockade in the corner. So what you've done is you've created a sort of stoppage where the salt and flavor
Is that right? Oh you try and then you're then it's like, okay
Now we're in a real dire situation because I'm gonna try to open this up a little bit, but that's real danger
like you could be throwing a
flavor all over the place at that point now I
What about an extra long one of those like candy sticks that comes with like the liquor made?
You know the liquor stick you lick it and then you stick it in the dust and the dust sticks to it
But maybe it's savory
Where would you keep those?
Yeah in your wallet
No, no, that wasn't it
You're talking about breadsticks. First of all, damn it. You're right. You vented breadsticks. Congratulations
I think you you could keep like a tube like maybe like a sheath on your hip that you keep the breadstick in a
Sheath. Yeah, so it's like a sore about a straw. What about a very thick like milkshake II straw
You can definitely die. So I'm just gonna suggest a shaken tap
a
Slow shake and take your time. Take your time. Don't be too anxious unless you're just like I this is how I live my life
I live on the edge then, you know
Or just combine all of the leave-ins into one bag over a period of time
Mmm, and then just go for all at once just and lose yourself in the day. That's actually how they make everything seasoning. Oh
Yeah, it's just everything
Well at this point in the show we're gonna ask another question. Here we go. Hello
I'm a middle school teacher in the Minnesota
Okay, I accidentally stumbled across one of my students and her breakup tick-tocks about another one of my students
One of her posts was literally a screen capture of their entire text conversation for the last couple months with the caption
Watch the love of my life fall out of love with me. So obviously I needed to know about the drama
I had to keep pausing it to read and I accidentally double-tapped and liked the post. I
Unliked it, but I'm afraid she will see that I liked her posts. What do I do? Help me brothers?
well, let me
Let me start with a quick clarification
You didn't that's where I was going. I bet you didn't stumble across anything right gene. They didn't that's double
that is not an act you did not trip and
And you're like, what's this? It's somebody I know it's one of my
What a coincidence that out of the millions of users I've stumbled isn't the world I should follow them
Just because of the happenstance
I'm faded to see this because I've stumbled
I'm meant to be here. Think of the good I could do
Yeah, I
Think that's the answer to the question
Basically what we're saying is you called down the Thunder and now you got it
Yes, you lean into it just start liking all of them and when they're like, uh, mr
No, wait, no, okay Travis actually makes a good but trust it like you're a teacher. You're super old. I get it
I'm super old to what you could do at this point is just go through and start liking
Everything and just profess an ignorance of how the platform I like I like you
So just liking all your posts or go the other way and when they're like miss Thompson
Did you like the post about my break up like yeah good content good content. Say I'm loving it go viral
I think your choices are are there's there's no middle ground here because you've already gone full extreme
So you have to choose one of those options that have just been provided to you
You could use their sound to make your own videos. Mm-hmm
Yeah, just take the sounds from their videos and make just do at them
That's a thing you could do stitch it together and then post it in class
And then on the bright side after all of this you might go to jail and you won't have to see tick-tock again
That's the only thing that would get me off the top at this point
You gotta lock me up. Keep me away from it. Keep me away from that content
I still feel I still have the feeling when I'm looking at tick-tock that I have stumbled into some sort of like
Contraband like old-person contraband. Yeah, like I'm not supposed to be able to have access to this this amount of culture
Yeah, it feels wrong. I know that I'm not supposed to be there. It's um
I've I've now had the experience of like being in a bar or some instance where I'm like, oh
These these people are I'm old enough to be everyone's mom and I need to go
It's the record scratch moment, right?
But the way I use a tick-tock is like I walked in there was a record scratch
but then I also just sat down and
Ordered a drink and just stayed for a while while everyone just continued to stare at me the whole time. I enjoyed my drink
Hey, isn't that guy really old? Hey, should that old guy be did he order seconds? What's happening?
You don't know life until you actually walk into a nightclub where your very famous
DJ friend is DJing and they can't hear what you're saying
So you go up to the DJ booth and you actually bump the record player and do the record scratch
Thus the entire club turns to you
Haven't Wow at that point Jean
I guess you either leave or start doing a very good rap that blows everybody away
Like those are your options right yelled. I was like what I was saying was and then just
I was like just fucking lean into it. And that's where we're at one time Griffin and I
He lived in Cincinnati with me and we lived in Batavia, which is like outskirts not a fantasy kingdom
No, it's an area
Outskirts of Cincinnati and we anytime we wanted to do anything
We were always driving into Cincinnati to do something and so one day we were like, well
We're gonna go on a quest to find like a bar around here
That could be like a local place that we go to so we're not like driving 40 minutes
They do a bar and so we were just hitting any bar
We could find like on map quest or whatever the fuck and we found this one where we walked in and it was
Pretty much felt like the bar from Pee Wee's big adventure. Oh
And Griffin and I walked in
Everyone literally turned and looked at us and we backed out and and left they should have I feel like bars
Should have a sort of vestibule breezeway kind of thing with with one side of glass
You know what I'm saying? We're like you could where you have like a 10-second grace period like oh, no, no
No, this is wrong. I shouldn't have done this
Right thing cuz I know I can't just turn and turn heel and walk. I tell you you guys are
Like this experience is based. I would love that vestibule
Because I would like to know driving across America
I'm like being black and stopping at any random bar always feels like that
And I would like to just know that there's a vestibule and it was like get out of here and I was like, all right
well
Any further
We're just gonna get back I'd like a racist vestibule
Generally tell by the town the town is kind of the vestibule, but you know
How close is the cracker barrel to the bar
We're gonna take a quick break and do advertisements and then we'll come back and there will be more show
I'm I'm certain of it
Oh these pants Oh
These pants Justin these these pants that I'm wearing Oh these pants. Uh-huh. I got them through stitch fix
Good. Yeah, I love stitch fix. I thought you would then maybe say like what is stitch fix or something?
Like you would play along, you know, I know what stitch fix is Travis. It's a service that you can use to help
reimagine your wardrobe refresh
Renew revisit. Yeah revive. Yeah, it doesn't matter what you want to do
As long as there's a re at the beginning of it stitch fix is gonna help you do it
They got clothing that's hand-selected by expert stylists for your unique size style and budget
If you're like, I would never spend $50. That's if you look at a t-shirt that cost $50
And you say that's $50 for a t-shirt and and that's a problem for you. Yeah stitch fix can work around that
That's no problem. They're gonna get you what you need the price that you know
What if I want a dookie brown jumpsuit Justin?
The one thing we can guarantee you stitch fix is that they have no dookie
You don't know that it's possible. You can't say that Justin
It says right here in the fine print says don't say we don't have dookie brown jumpsuits
There's no subscription required try stitch fix once or set up automatic deliveries
You'll pay just $20 styling fee for each box, which gets credited toward pieces you keep and there are no hidden fees
Ever you're about to we're about to reemerge into the world. Why don't reemerge with that fresh?
Look get started today at stitch fix comm slash my brother and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix stitch fix comm slash my brother. Oh
This hamburger Justin this hamburger
This hamburger really I got it through door-dash. Did you forget that one thing at the store?
You know that one thing that thing wink wink now you can get snacks drinks and household essentials in 30 minutes with door-dash
Door-dash Justin. Thank you for asking. It connects you with the restaurants. You love right now right to your door and
Justin yes. Yes, Justin quit asking now. You can get the grocery essentials you need with door-dash to hey Justin
Hey, could you quit asking? I'm trying to do that and you keep interrupting me. I'm sorry. I'm really concerned
I forgot probiotic gummies at the store. I didn't get them
I don't know what I'm supposed to do now Travis
I'm really distracted from you trying to tell me what to do if I forget something at the store because I forgot some pre my
My probiotic gummies. Well, don't you see how ironic that is Justin because with door-dash
You can get drinks snacks and other household items including I assume probiotic gummies delivered in under an hour with the contactless delivery drop-off setting
You get it now, right you see do you?
Justin do you get it now? Okay, I get it. Sorry without my probiotes. I'm a little slow on the uptake
Yeah
But I am getting it now for a limited time our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of
Fifteen dollars or more when you download the door-dash app and enter code MBMB am that's 25% off up to $10 value and
Zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the door-dash app in the App Store and enter code MBMB am don't forget
That's code MBMB am for 25% off your first order with door-dash subject to change term supply hugs and kisses
Door-dash
yours door-dash
You miss River man, what are you doing? I'm just taking one last look
Every journey comes to an end remember black the space will be with you always
Sorry, who are you again?
Master key right right right side calling in friendships will be tested
Destinies will be fulfilled
On April 28th the saga starts
concluding guys
We don't have a choice
We have to put on a show
To six the final season on maximum fun
We're about to yell squad.
He'll say munch, Gene, and then we yell squad.
Okay, now he's trying to impress you.
I want to munch, squad.
I want to munch, squad.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
And we have got such a mass.
This has never happened where a story has been this fucking fresh and hot off the presses.
It's happening now.
We're living in this moment.
Domino's Pizza has brought back the Noid.
The Noid, which they successfully did avoid for decades.
The Noid has come home to Domino's Pizza, New York Stock Exchange ticker DPZ.
It's the largest pizza company in the world and they've brought back the Noid.
Now the Noid, they describe here as an anti-hero that has been trying to prevent great pizza delivery since 1986.
I would just say that is a villain in my book.
I mean, I guess it is literally the anti of a hero, but that's not what that term means.
This is a wild press release here.
And if you're I guess like younger than me at all, like if you're a young person and this is like lost,
he looks like kind of like a superhero.
Kind of like he was in the Incredibles.
Yeah, exactly.
Like that vibe with big red ears and he was a big thing in the mid 80s and he would try to like mess up pizza delivery.
Sort of like the Hamburglar, but for pizzas.
Yeah, exactly.
And so you would try to avoid the Noid.
There was a video game.
There was a video game.
There was a-
And also shout out to rapper Big Noid.
This is huge news for you.
Yeah, that's going to get that Google juice going real nice for you.
So the big, not Big Noid.
Big Noid is not interfering with pizza delivery.
Well, that we know of.
That we know of.
Right, maybe.
Who knows?
This is the press release.
The largest pizza company in the world has always had one nemesis, the Noid.
An anti-hero.
An anti-hero that has been- you would think it's other pizza, right?
Nope.
Nope, it's a villain they invented.
It's been trying to prevent great pizza delivery since 1986.
I can't believe they put this in the press release.
Maybe it was the chaos of 2020 that gave the Noid the confidence to return.
Hey, are you fucking sure that that's the angle you want to go with?
Are you telling me that Noid was watching TV and he saw the global pandemic claiming millions of lives and was like,
I gotta stop pizza delivery.
I'm back, baby.
Now's my time.
Yeah.
This is my moment.
Or possibly the fact that Domino's has continued to innovate around great pizza delivery with amazing technology.
Whatever the reason that Noid simply can't stand it anymore.
And the pesky anti-hero has returned in Domino's new television ads,
which began airing today trying to thwart the advanced technology of Neuro's R2 robot,
a completely autonomous, occupantless on-road vehicle out on a pizza delivery.
Wait, what?
What?
Yeah, guys, here's what I'm saying to you.
I watched this new ad, if you go to YouTube and search for videos of the Noid that have been posted in the last week,
I watched it when it had literally 87 views this morning.
And it is a truck, a robot truck, that is trying to deliver pizza.
And the Noid's like, fuck that.
I'm going to stop this robot from doing its job with all my different tricks.
It just feels like it's a shortcut to vehicular manslaughter.
This little robot, by the way, is so wild, y'all.
I wish you could see it.
It's just a tiny little pizza delivery robot and the Noid in a sort of man versus machine thing.
He can't thwart people anymore, but maybe he can stop a super smart AI pizza delivery robot.
I don't know why that would be the play.
Can I just say just a little message to Domino's, if I might?
Sure.
Maybe, y'all, maybe just make better pizza.
This seems incredibly elaborate.
You had focus groups.
You had so many meetings.
You hired new people.
You spent just maybe you could have spent that money.
I don't know.
Making better pizza.
You know, it's also strange, Jean, now that you mention it.
It is strange that they have introduced the idea, reintroduced the idea of the Noid at the same moment that they say,
also, just a side note, we got robots to learn how to make pizza.
Also, have you seen the robots?
Don't worry about them.
I'm sure they're fine.
But the Noid, right?
Don't worry about the pizza robots.
They're fine and they're not going to ever do anything wrong.
Did you say a robot truck that delivers pizza?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But look, he's back.
Jean just raised a great point.
Did the robot kill the Noid?
The pizza robot can't legally kill the Noid.
You can't try a robot in court.
Law of robotics.
Law of robotics.
Rule number one, don't kill the Noids.
So they basically have set up some murder robots.
Some murder robots that are designed to do two things, deliver mediocre pizza and kill the Noid.
The Noid, here's a quote, the Noid is Domino's oldest and most famous villain.
Wait, what are the others?
You all have a rogues gallery over there?
Well, there's Cybernoid.
The pizza delivery testing we're doing with Neuro's autonomous vehicle is exactly the kind of technology innovation that could provoke the Noid to return, said Kate Trumbull, Domino's vice president of advertising.
However, after 35 years of practice in avoiding the Noid, we're pretty confident we know how to defeat it.
What are you talking about?
What are you fucking talking about?
You invented it.
What do you mean you know how to fucking defeat it, you lunatics?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, if you close your eyes, he stops existing.
It's a manifestation of your own dark urges.
Well, he used to be Justin, but now we don't know.
Television screens are a great place for a classic nemesis to return.
What?
I hate the parts in these where I can tell it's a fellow human, same species as me and everything, that has to fill a paragraph.
And they're like, I guess one of the things that I could combine words into saying is, while television screens are a great place for a classic nemesis to return, mobile devices are the newest place for the Noid to cause problems.
So basically on May 7th, the Noid is going to join the new Crash Bandicoot game.
What?
In ways that I don't…
So the Noid will be featured as one of the game's mini-bosses, pitting players against the Noid as Crash progresses through the story.
Avoiding the Noid has never been so fun.
Players will also have access to exclusive…
No, just stop. No, just stop. Just stop.
Yeah, thank you, God. Thank you.
Domino's, you fucking make pizza and calm down.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Nobody wants… I don't want a Domino's video game or a villain.
I just want… I don't even want you to make good pizza.
Just do your best at the pizza.
Know who you are.
God damn it. What are you doing?
It occurred to me that maybe, and this is hard to say, but the wildest thing about this has just occurred to me.
Neuros is a separate company.
Yeah.
So that means that at some point a representative of Dominio's had to go to Neuro and say,
hey, you know how you've developed a self-driving delivery truck and we're going to start using it.
We love that.
And so we think the best way to roll out that news is to bring back the Noid.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it because there's also a limited…
The Dominio's has a limited number of hang in there and avoid the Noid t-shirts.
What? Is it like the kitten?
Yeah, it's just like the Noid hanging on something for purchase on Amazon.
And guys, if you go and look, it's literally just like no branding, no anything, just like a picture of a shirt that says avoid the Noid.
And it does have some great features on it, like a tearaway label.
And it does say here in the features Noid design printed on front of shirt.
Oh, cool.
So that's huge if you want to put the Noid on your shirt.
And yeah, you can share the Noid in GIF and sticker search engines on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok.
I don't want the teams to find out about the Noid.
Maybe some gluten-free options.
Maybe some keto or vegan options.
I'm just trying to suggest anything else that they could have done with this money.
Maybe help the homeless.
Yeah, so that's what's going on with the Noid.
Thanks for keeping me.
I've been worried.
I haven't heard from him since the last reunion.
That's what's up with the Noid.
I have another quick bit I want to try real quick.
Oh, my God.
I've titled this bit, That's Interesting Trivia, Son.
And what I did is I went on IMDb, looked up one of my favorite movies, and I pulled three bits of trivia from it.
And I want you guys to guess the movie I'm describing.
Okay.
Is this going to be funny or is it going to be more of a…
Is it point break?
Yeah.
Is it point break?
It's a little bit of a point break.
I've titled it, That's Interesting Trivia.
I mean, it's interesting.
It doesn't always have to be funny, Justin.
That's not what my comedy is about.
My comedy is not about being funny.
Sometimes it's making other people look funnier by comparison.
The working title of this film was Hot and Cold.
Is that it?
That was the first one, yeah.
Any guesses?
Any guesses so far?
No?
Okay.
This was considered as a vehicle for Corey Haim and Corey Feldman early in production before it was decided to make the leads older.
Was their movie licensed to drive together?
No, it wasn't.
What was Corey's movie?
Was it Ferris Bueller?
Oh, good guesses.
One more.
And I think that this one's a giveaway.
Body count, one.
One person dies in this movie?
Ice-T.
Correct.
Ice-T was in it because he was in Body Count.
I'd like to get really elaborate.
One person dies?
One person dies.
And it's a two-buddy comedy.
Uh-huh.
And the working title of the film was Hot and Cold.
Wait, is it a comedy?
Yes.
And the Corys are in it or they were slated to be in it?
They were planned to be in it, but then they made the leads older.
And let me say that Body Count one is incredibly essential to the movie.
Oh, it's Weekend at Bernie's.
It is Weekend at Bernie's.
The working title of Hot and Cold is the most bizarre of that.
Because he was hot.
And then he was cold.
And then he was cold.
Then he was cold when he was dead.
Another slam dunk bit from Travis.
Okay, let's help more people.
I live in an apartment building.
At the end of my hallway, there's an edible arrangement.
I think those are two different.
I live in an apartment building.
And at the end of my hallway, that makes more sense.
Thank you, Travis.
There is an edible arrangement in front of a door.
It has been there for several days and it is starting to look bad.
I don't know these people, if they're home or not.
But should I knock on the door so they could check outside their door?
I'm afraid it'll look like I'm the person who delivered their fruit bouquet.
Or a weirdo who cares about the weird old fruit in the hallway.
Should I knock and escape through the stairwell next to the door immediately?
Will it appear as though someone brought them an old, maybe spoiled, edible arrangement?
What do I do?
That's from Gina.
I like to think it's from The Noid.
It's from The Noid.
Maybe The Noid's like, please take me back.
This is why The Noid is trying to stop pizza delivery.
Because he invested big in edible arrangements.
And it hasn't quite taken off the way he had hoped as a pizza replacement.
I like this question.
One of the reasons I picked this question is because it highlights to me
the way that sometimes the human brain can get spun up into anxiety.
Because the idea that you would knock on this person's door and be like,
hey, there's an edible arrangement out here.
And that your fear is that they go, did you bring this?
I don't think that's going to happen.
But here's the problem is, I've been preaching this a lot on this show lately,
and I'm just going to keep reinforcing it.
You have to just act when the moment strikes.
Because you always make it weirder by waiting.
There's just no sense in, like, it's so much less weird to get to the end of the day
and be like, I bet they'd want this fruit to not go bad.
I want to give them a quick Nakarovski.
It's so less weird to do that than to knock on the door and be like,
did you want this rotten fruit or what?
Yeah, because you will inherently, like, doing it spontaneously,
you are more likely to nail the delivery than thinking about it for too long.
Because the casual nature will be out the window
if you've thought about it for more than 30 seconds.
Fruit here, huh?
Why did you not?
Anyways, like, that's how I would do it.
Yeah, the anxiety and the overthinking and the overanalyzing that you're doing with this,
you could be spending your time doing a lot more.
And I know that you are thinking about this a lot in the day.
Like, so many hours and you've made so many movies in your head
of the different ways that this goes.
So you've got to knock.
Also, you live in an apartment building, it's at the end of your hallway,
and you don't want whatever is coming for these edible arrangements
to end up in your apartment.
And I don't mean like the Noid, I mean like vermin or roaches or whatever.
So it is also very important that you take control of the situation.
Just knock on the door.
Don't leave them a note, because I know you want to.
Don't put a note under the door.
Also, they could be dead in there.
Why don't you be a hero?
Why don't you find out what's going on?
Like everyone else, and because we are all sort of like everyone for themselves
and we're living in this place, and especially in apartment buildings,
I know that I didn't like to talk to neighbors or for whatever reason,
or you may be an introvert.
But right now you need to take control of the situation,
because no one else is going to do that.
Just to clarify, Gene, do you think, and I guess this is more subjective
than anything else, but do you think that if you were the person to discover
that a neighbor is dead in their apartment,
would that get you to be considered a hero, or is that just?
And I'm asking this, I don't know the answer.
Oh no, I'd be a fucking hero.
Because you don't know what's going on.
Like they could have been, what if they've been like missing?
You don't know what's going on.
You don't know what's going on in there.
Or maybe they've just been very sleepy and you've woken them up
and they almost miss work.
The problem, if you had done it the first day,
it would have looked like you were concerned about them
getting some delicious bread.
When you do it four days later, I'm concerned about the mess you have here
and I need it removed.
Yeah, but you have to do it.
You do have to do it, and you have to stop thinking about it.
Just do it. Just do stuff.
That's my motto.
I listened to this book called The Five Second Rule,
and the lady said that it was Mel Robbins,
and she said that if you just do five, four, three, two, one, go,
and just do it.
Don't think about it any more than that.
If you had done that, who knows what possibilities you could have.
They could have given you one of the strawberries.
Oh shit, maybe one of the chocolate covered ones.
What if they opened the door and they were like,
oh, your edible arrangements are here.
And they were like, that's great.
$1 million, and now you don't even know.
Thank you. You've passed the test.
This was a TikTok thing, and now you're rich.
Here, there is one.
I just don't know.
People said it was too elaborate, but I'm so glad that it worked out.
There is one problem though, Justin, with the just do stuff mantra,
is if you're a person that has impulse control problems,
and you think like, oh, I thought of a funny bit from my podcast
that my friends and my brother will like,
and then you don't really think about it beyond that,
and then you do the bit, and then the bit doesn't work.
You're like, why did I do that?
It still works, you just have to adjust it to 50.
Just count to 50.
Okay, I'll try that next time.
It also says it may be spoiled.
I'm saying it's a fruit bouquet, and it's been there for several days.
It has gone bad.
My metric for is something okay to eat now is like,
did it sit out long enough that I forgot it was there for a second?
And if the answer is yes, it's a problem now for me.
I watched too many, I worked a lot of food handling jobs in my youth,
and I watched one too many instructional videos about the danger zone,
and now it's way up in my brain.
I throw a lot of stuff out that Quelle thinks should still be fine,
and I'm like, you're insane.
This is why I'm glad my wife, because Theresa is the same as Quelle
in that respect, and the number of times that I've had to be like,
okay, well, I need you to smell this, because I'm already thinking about it,
and it's not going to work out.
I don't see how you see that this is fine, or that you can pick around it.
Don't do that.
Oh, I also want to go back to the same, because there's a question,
the part of the question says, should I knock and escape through the stairwell?
Now, I think that you should knock, that you should have the conversation,
but then you should also escape through the stairwell,
and really present yourself as mysterious.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, wait until they bend down to pick up the edible arrangement,
and again, then you're gone.
I've thought about how much different Batman would be perceived
if he just walked away from conversations, because one, it's not as mysterious,
but two, he always disappears in the middle of the other person talking,
and if instead they looked over and they're like, where are you going?
And he's like, I've got to go away now.
And they're like, wait, no.
No, we're still, I haven't told you where the asshole.
It's one of my favorite things, that he just leaves.
And in that, I aspire to be many different superheroes in many ways,
because of their strengths, but Batman's goodbyes,
it's so much further than Irish goodbyes.
He knows when he has all the information he needs.
And I wish someone would just like, here's how you fuck up Batman.
You just never, never lose eye contact.
And then you'll be able to see him clenching his teeth,
and it's like, he really wants to go, but just never give him the opportunity.
Never turn away.
You blink one eye at a time, right?
So you can keep the other one open on him.
You can clockwork orange your eyes.
And now by this time, the Joker has murdered a lot of people,
but you got one up on Batman.
He's like, oh my God, what would happen if you didn't give him the opportunity to leave?
And then the sun rose, and now Batman's just walking home.
I guess he would probably drive.
I have work, I have to go.
So how's everything?
I like that I made him sort of Louis Armstrong.
Yeah.
How's everything, Commissioner?
How come I only see you for work stuff?
We never hang out anymore.
I think if you just force Batman into the rest of the conversation that he refuses to have,
that he would also be different.
Hey, yeah, so the Riddler is attacking the Bank of Gotham.
But also, how are you?
How have you been?
Where are you going?
Come back, Batman.
I'm back.
Gina and I just had a whole conversation while you were gone.
Oh, was it for the show?
Yeah.
All right.
It's a lot about Batman, really.
Thanks so much for listening to our podcast, My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you've enjoyed it.
A reminder, you can buy our merchandise at McElroyMerch.com.
But I'm more interested in talking about Gene.
How can people find more Gene Gray?
Right now, don't.
I'll find you, which sounds like a threat.
I currently have deactivated my Twitter because I'm working.
But you should be checking back with me in the upcoming months on my Instagram.
And I'll come back on Twitter on my IG.
It's GinaGrayzio.
And then you can find me at GinaGrayzio on Twitter with some very important updates of what I've been working on for the past year.
Yes, there are puppets involved.
Whoa.
Oh, boy.
Justin, where can we find you?
Don't.
Don't.
Don't.
I'm deactivating mine too because it sounded cool when Gene said it, so I'm going to do it too.
I'm reactivating your Twitter.
Travis deactivated my Twitter.
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
You've already found me.
You're listening to my podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you for doing that.
I appreciate it.
Hey, here's my plug.
Go get your fucking vaccine.
If you can get your vaccine, go get your fucking vaccine, please.
Just go get it.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
I want to see.
I want to hug a person.
Yeah.
I want to see other people hug.
I just want to watch people hug for money, you know?
Wait.
Hold on.
Wait.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Not through a TV.
Screen in person so I can see them shifting awkwardly.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you to Montaigne for our theme song, My Life Is Better With You.
The full song will be available soon.
By the way, if you're in a place that can support a Eurovision vote, if you've got a
vote in the Eurovision, Montaigne is going to be battling it out.
And because of various travel restrictions, she's not going to be able to come to the
contest itself.
So she's going to need all the votes she can get.
So please support Montaigne in the Eurovision Song Contest, which I believe is on May 22nd.
Can I also sing a version of a theme song for this episode that I've been thinking about,
which is definitely not ripped from a commercial from the 80s about a product?
Yeah, please.
Sure.
That'll be huge.
My brother, my brother, wherever he goes, I'm going to go.
My brother, my brother.
Who's that?
Me and my brother, my brother and Gene.
That's lovely, Gene.
See, you're a musical genius.
This is what I'm talking about.
How do you come up with this stuff?
And people who don't have video don't see that Gene had those lyrics typed up and did
not just in the moment come up with his shit music.
I had them handwritten onto the wall with a Sharpie, so it's really in there now.
It's permanent.
It's not going anywhere.
Anyway, I'm realizing terrifyingly that the way we end this show is by Griffin reading
Final Yahoo.
We have neither of those.
I have a Final Life hack I can read.
Oh, thank goodness.
That's perfect.
This was also sent in by Michael and asked by Madula Oblangada.
How to roast a chicken in a hotel room.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Jean McElroy.
Thanks for listening to my brother, my brother, and Gene.
Kiss your dad, screw on the lips.
MaxFun drives almost here.
It starts on Monday, May 3rd, ends on May 14th, and it's the best time to support the
shows you love.
Here are some folks like you sharing what MaxFun and our shows mean to them.
Most importantly, it's meant community.
And, yeah, just thanks for hanging out and making Joakim up and making my week a little
bit brighter.
So, thanks MaxFun for making me a better person and making sure that I'm surrounded by better
people.
Thanks again for all you do.
Love supporting MaxFun and keep it up.
Come back Monday, May 3rd for more details from your favorite hosts.
We'll have some of the best episodes of the year, special MaxFun Drive thank you gifts,
and maybe a few surprises.
That's Monday, May 3rd.
Until then.
