The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. Well, I'm your middle this brother Travis a big dog
Oh woof woof, McElroy and I have my
Baby brother
Tape out. Oh no. Oh, it's stuck. Oh, it's stuck in the
Let me shove a pencil and Griffin twist it
Oh
That was the sound I make when you shove a pencil in me, hey everybody sharpened my pencil which was weird
So happy summer everybody. Yeah. Oh, I should say by the way before we get started
I thank you to everybody who supported us the max fund drive. I know I've said it but
I cure my bone fleas
They're all gone. So everyone can stop asking me about it on
Twitch, but yeah, yeah
Would you say you get?
Maybe a lot of questions about the pill the sharp pill for your butt or
Yeah, I'm more than average whatever the average number is more than that
So we've been doing this show for a while
We've known each other for a while and you know what?
I realize guys you can always get to know each other a little bit more and so on
I was just thinking maybe we could play like a little like I you know, like would you yeah like icebreaker games
Yeah, icebreaker games. This would be more like mantle breaker the mantle of the earth
We've already had fairly well past the ice and now we're burrowing into the into the center
But I was thinking maybe something like, you know
What's a food that you think you could eat the most of in one sitting before you got sick of it more than any other?
human being on earth
No, no, no
Just like what's a food that you Griffin McRae Justin McRae could start eating in one sitting and you think you can
consecutively eat it the longest before you're like
Another bite could like in a you mean in like a sort of Joe Joseph chestnut style sort of but I don't like you're trying to
Hurt yourself, but just like it's the food that for the longest amount of time. He could be like, I'll have one more
Yeah, right back against the idea that Joey chestnut
Could eat a bunch of hot dogs now like not on hot dog day. Do you know what I mean?
There's no way he got into it originally. I'm not like that's very good a good point Griffin because he may have had a big
breakfast
50,000 hamburgers
To prepare and a lot of people think Joe
Joseph a lot of people think Joseph chestnut the way he does is he trains really really hard to eat hot dogs all day every
Day all year round but his secret is that he just doesn't eat hot dogs all year
So that when hot dog eating day comes around he's so fucking excited for it
Do you think that people have ever been out to lunch with Joseph chestnut?
They're like so you wanna get hot dogs?
He's like, yeah, sure and then he goes to the hot dog counter and he's like, um
I think I'll have two hot dogs and the everyone is like
Do you mean 200 do you eat 200 like no just I think just two for me today
I think I'll just enjoy two hot dogs. Hey, mr. Chestnut. It's me hot dog Joe owner of hot dog Joe's
What's wrong with my hot dogs? No, it's nothing
I know I would love to eat a hundred of them dipped in water, but right now I just want two of them
Well, I'm sorry. I
Yeah, I can bring you a hundred hot dog
You don't think I can make a hundred eyes, too
If that's the problem, I just really only want to two hot dogs today. I know it's okay
So is there you want to answer to your question? Yeah, I want an answer. What's the food that you think?
You could eat the most of before you became sick of it in one sitting. I make a I make it caramel
cereal snack mix that has like nuts in it and it's got spice and
Like a hardened crunchy caramel exterior and all the pieces and a lot of a good amount of salt, too
Oh, it's a very well balanced kind of thing. And I feel like I feel like that's the kind of thing where I
Just I just keep eating. I mean like I have scientific evidence to prove. This is like it's called Saturday
I could just keep eating him
And I don't think I don't I think I could get a really good clip going and you're not worried about like too much crunch
Hurt in the old jaw. Are you talking about a desire to continue to consume?
Are you can talking about physical endurance?
Require an awareness of the impact of these on my human frame. Well, I don't that's a different question
I don't think that I have a hard time separating the two because Mike a lot of bad food choices traffic
No, no, it's the worst one time. He ate beans only beans for five years. No, I remember that. I remember that
The Wind Waker. Yeah
The Wind Waker was very good. Thank you
I joke see cuz I my first knee-jerk was peanut M&Ms, you know
But after a while started to get locked on there, you know
Yeah, I think veggie straws would be my answer those
They're they got enough flavor and salty to be delicious, but not so much
That I think you're talking volume now, bud. Hey, but you're talking volume talking. That's your mass. Yeah
Yeah
What's yours Griffin? I don't know
No, boy fucking at this point. It's got to have a lot of protein in it
Mm-hmm to keep me going to keep me going and keep me strong. That's it. I guess it needs to be a food that is
Not gonna fill me up so much but also has lots of protein to sustain the eating motion of it and but also vitamins
I guess and
So I would say I have to say ants on a log. Oh
Yeah, man
celery
peanut butter
raisins
Just yours is sort of straight over the plate. No fuss. No muss ants on a log. No tricks here
Yeah, no zhuzhen it up. No zhuzhen it up. Don't fucking sprinkle paprika on it or anything like that
I want a very basic vanilla ants on a log without no almond butter. No butter
No, no golden raisins. You don't want a star. This is uh, this was good stuff trap. This is a good idea
Yeah, where did you think the comedy would come? I didn't think it would come
I just wanted us to get to know each other better. Sometimes it's just heartwarming and nice. You know what I mean? Huh?
Yeah, sometimes yeah. Yeah
Huh?
Normally we don't plan on
Sort of an anti comedy comedy. Yeah
Comedy I wasn't trying to make it sad
I just thought we could get to know each other sure sure sure
Let's maybe balance it out and do a nice
comedy bookend by talking about what we do think Joey Chestnut's bathroom looks like because it's a funny it's where you always go when you
Talk about how many hot dogs the man eats but like for real there everybody focuses on the goddamn hot dogs
It's the bun that's gonna give him bathroom. Okay, I was speaking holistically
Duh, I was speaking holistically about the whole I'm not talking about eating just the wieners trap
You can't do that though Griffin. You have a kid
You know that you cannot talk about hot dogs as a combination food
Right because nine times out of ten my kid doesn't want the bun. Okay, just want the hot dog
Well, my kid likes the bun so I you're you're really projecting a lot
But what do you did he's gotta have what like a I advise him big IMAX screen
In there to fill the time to just fucking kick it. I
Have my Xbox in my back in the bathroom and that would be my own personal Xbox
I have a controller that I bring in there and I bring out of there that nobody else should be allowed to
Interface with I think he probably also has one of those like, you know
The the chairs that you see in like first class in the airplane. Yeah where they can like recline into a full bed
Oh cool. Yeah, it's probably something like that, right and it also has like a console and like here's the headphones that hang here
And there's a button to call for help
Definitely he just walks away. He's got Joey chestnuts got life alert for
Sure, he needs that button in any bathroom. He ever goes in cuz he doesn't know when it's gonna happen. I
Mean, it's in the shower his toilets in the shower, right? This doesn't get any sense any other way
Do you think that he hibernate? It's got me the shower cuz otherwise he finishes up and was he have five blue foots
It's gotta be in the shower could be a car wash situation
That's right room goes into that's toilet shower
Refrigerator all in one sort of cube that he just yeah, July 4th
July 5th enters the cube, July 28 leaves the cube
Yeah, Joe just gets slapped by a bunch of wet soapy nylon straps for two straight weeks, Joey
I like your beard. Thanks. I grew it in the cube
Were you asleep in the cube or were you yes?
Yes
It is friends have to explain like somebody comes to the door to get a sign for a package and they're like I got a package
Here for Joseph chestnut and his daughter has to be like currently
My father is filth and my father will be filth for several days until the cube is that it's grim work. I
Don't I I thought sir. I find it better to think that I don't have a father now because he's in a quantum state
But the existing and being filth a sort of LCL primordial soup in there
You know how no one's quite sure how a caterpillar turns into a butterfly
Here's one thing I could be sure sir the package the Joseph chestnut that that package was sent to will not be the Joseph
Emerges from the cube. He is a different father. He's sloughing off his inside and outsides. So
It's in a way honestly, it's in the manner and style of
Dr. Who I do love how every time when Joseph chestnut exits the cube
He gets to have a fun like what is this Joseph chestnut dress in you know kind of montage
He goes through his large closet and picks out a whimsical scarf. Oh, man. All right, so it's a vice show. Yeah, it's a vice
My boss has been stressed lately and the lighten the tension during lulls and meetings
I started asking silly icebreaker questions. Oh, what a great idea. Yeah, I
Go with anxiety by using humor so I didn't consider the consequences
Along the way, my boss has dubbed me the funny person, which is not something I'm known for anywhere else
As a result during meeting low points, she'll say got anything for us. Oh
Oh my god
Brothers how do I quickly shed this? Tell a joke persona that's been assigned to me without having to directly address the issue
That's from persona problems in the Pacific Northwest now
We have I know dealt with similar issues where people become like people love to label don't they?
Put people in the little boxes full of ticky-tack. We love to organize everything
Sure, organize everything in this person the thing they it's like for me. I run into this all the time
Where people in my neighborhood think me as the funny person? Yeah, sexy person, right?
You know what I mean? I mean, you know sexual powerful man and having me
You know, I I told one icebreaker at the beginning of this episode and people are already labeling me the funny one
You know, it's funny actually Travis everything. Yes, except the bad one. Oh
All right, that's all yeah funny in quotes
Funny about Travis you got a shit. You got a you got a
Okay, you gotta make someone else the funny person. You're not gonna change this habit of labeling, but you can start to set up
You know Tabitha when she's like when like Tabitha with a good punchline
Or even if it's not a good punchline Tabitha says anything you laugh your head off. Oh, you got it
That's got me cracking over here. She's talking about her. No, it's hearing this. I'm busting up
She's talking about it. I was watching mass singer last night
Yeah
It's a big lie cuz they won't say who it is and then it's Kermit for some reason
Let me offer a different possibility. Okay, because this it seems like you are doing very little
Asking a silly icebreaker and being labeled the funny one seems like the threshold for funny is very low in this office
okay, this feels like you could buy perhaps a children's joke book and
Let it do the heavy lifting for you and still continue to be the funny one
Which all things considered is better than being like the industrious one
One who always undertakes projects and finishes them on time, right?
You could also find a brand that is so
sort of
comprehensive that it overwrites
The funny one like if you start if you like dye your hair
like either jet black or jet white and then you
Start you wear like the clothes of like a haunted like circus ringleader and you're like, yeah, I'm them
I'm them. Oh, that's that's Tabitha
She's the my chemical romance
person and
Yeah, or you could do half black and half white and be the big Cruella fan. Yeah. Oh, that's Tabitha
She saw Cruella and it changed to change your shit. You can lean into Disney shit enough to where you become the Disney person
Oh, yeah, that's not hard. That's not hard. I've done that
I did it accidentally and I just woke up one day and I wasn't dizzy
It was the Disney boy is what my neighborhood calls me the incredible
They call me the incredible Disney boy the incredible funny sexy Disney boy the incredible hilarious
sexual
So that's all caps. Yeah
Disney boy just does a lot of Disney bounding and then he struts around just flexing them perks
Yeah, it's always Maui
Oh
What Disney cosplay showcases the pecs
Also scar if you do it, right scar. Oh, yeah, and even if you do it wrong, it's still gonna raise a few eyebrows
Also few realizations
Awakening I could get him out as Pumba still
Yeah
Really any liking characters more about the butt though. Really any Lion King character is not gonna be wearing me clothes. Oh
That's true. They're very few. I mean Triton you could do Triton and get the pecs out. Yeah, Triton's all a Gaston
Gaston maybe a beach Gaston. What other shirtless Disney character Tarzan Tarzan Hercules
There's there's a part of Hercules where his onesie is ripped. I misspelled all three words
So excited was I to make this. Oh, yeah
Wow, that oughta completed way too quick on my Google
You guys are gonna get some weird as you guys aren't gonna believe this but a lot of these pictures I'm seeing aren't official
Licensed Disney images from the films really are they like from the novels or yeah
They're from the novelizations of the movies. I guess I don't think this Aladdin's even wearing pants, huh?
What a weird wish that was it you're uh, you're bullying that wasn't in your search query in the heuristics
How strange wait is your safe search off Griffin? You got turn it on you gotta turn it on
I
Rachel doesn't let me turn safe search off. That's for the best
It's definitely you could be ruined by five minutes on Google Lee shang from Mulan for sure. Oh, yeah, that's a go
And that's a good one. Let's get down to business. Don't mind if I do these buns. Oh, we did it. Damn it. Damn it
Wow. Hey, I've got a question from the internet a little wisdom from the crowd and it's coming from a wisdom of the crowd
It's a good name for this. I got some wisdom of the crowd and
it's coming from a news source that
Seems like it could be I don't know. I'm excited about it because I didn't realize that there were questions on
WikiHow and Emily
What trap I also pulled the WikiHow article Oh for this episode
Yeah, how wild is it how to hide from a murderer?
No, okay. Well that
That's the one I've chosen. Don't you have so many bits, please?
Please leave me these the crumbs and scraps of how to hide from a murderer on wikiHow
Thank you, Emily and wikiHow, if you remember on it's got a little charming little doodles and illustrations of how to do things that you
Probably shouldn't need a guide on how to do it. I don't know. There's some helpful stuff and how to hide from a murderer
Like hiding effectively. You got to use your barricades. Stay quiet. Turn your phone on silent people. This is not get murdered 101
101
That's like the opposite from what I learned from home alone
Hmm. Yeah, I guess he made himself known
He announced his presence. That's sort of the he gets for like the scream at the bear, right?
style of
Threat avoidance, right punch the shark in the nose
unless you think of Kevin McCallister as the killer at which point and you do part of and and
Marv or whatever their names were
So they say to choose a hiding place that can be barricaded and then number three is obscure your location and then number four is
Avoid hiding together and the number five is hide in behind or under something. So most of these tips so far are
hide well
And how far down the list is like make the murderer fall in love with you. It's it's coming
There is one that says hide in plain sight is if necessary, which just means pretend to have already been murdered
So if the murder is in your house and sees your body on the floor and they'll be like did I already murdered them?
Shit, I forgot. I got so excited with all the murdering. I lost count of how many murders I've done shit
That really doesn't work if you live alone, though, does it? Yeah
Run away is on their head to safety plan to fight if you must is about halfway down
And that means, you know get an improvised weapon
And take their knife and use the knife on them to make them die instead. Yeah, here's the problem with that being so low down
The list though Griffin. Yeah, I've already
If I've just googled this because I need it in the moment, right and I've barricaded myself into my hiding spot
Mm-hmm, and I don't have the weapon with me. They should have put plan to fight if you need to first right then but
It's a number the part three of this article is planning ahead and it includes things like
Have a safe room and make sure you have important supplies in your safe room
Like according to this image two baseball bats and a shotgun and no food
So that's great. Now. Here's why I wanted to bring the wiki how I
Real briefly. I will say that I appreciate that plan ahead for getting murdered is sort of like normalization of an anxiety disorder
Right, which I do enjoy that. Yeah. No, some of us have been doing that since we were
Planning ahead for everything. Yeah all the time
Now I wanted to bring wiki how because I didn't realize this until Emily sent this in at the bottom of every wiki
how article there is a community Q&A and
There's some good stuff in there. The answers are provided by the community
The questions are asked by the community and let's just go down
I think they are ranked by how helpful they have been found by the community
So we can start at the top
Are we allowed to randomly throw snake steak knives at them?
If you someone's trying to kill you you can defend yourself
But throwing steak knife seems like a good way to arm your attacker, especially if you are not a skilled knife thrower
I can I ran randomly certainly implies that right? I mean randomly throwing steak knives
No, if you're targeting yeah sort of serving the jellies of the bar, right?
Can I calculatedly throw steak knife at the body? Yeah, that's it
And we do get into sort of I believe it differs state to state on whether or not
If you hurt the intruder
Then is it okay and that gets us into some weird territory. One of the questions is straight up
What should I do if I accidentally kill the murderer while fighting which I want to be like
listen to somebody
Put the cart before the murder horse a little bit
If someone breaks into my house to murder me and my mind jumps to oh, I hope I don't murder them
Now I do like the use of the word though in the question of allowed as though you would start throwing steak knives at the
Murderer and the murderer be like hey now. Yeah, that's dirty pool
Now another question is what if the murderer finds you in your hiding spot and they say fight back and aim for the head
Especially the temple neck or eyes with the weapon or the eyes neck and nose with your hands using tightly closed fists
Okay, am I supposed to do that or pretend to already be murdered?
Like what the third the third option is obviously they find you and then you say oh you got me
Okay. Now you hide and I'll seek. Yeah, see cuz 5050 that's gonna work. Yeah, and now my man gets in there
I don't know who asked this but it's me in another dimension asks. What if I need to use the bathroom while hiding?
Absolutely, my two concerns when murder breaks in my house is one and I I hope I don't murder them instead and two
this would be
Pretty choice right about now, and I don't know how long I'm gonna be able you could do am you could do amnesty?
Oh, I'm out timeout timeout amnesty timeout timeout timeout
See, this is why it helps to have a cube because if you have a cube, that's your panic room and your bathroom
Oh
Open up the container and see just the the the orange liquid floating inside
Immediately it's air so some of Joey's
Aerosol talks into humans. It's too soon. My molecular structure, please. You've already I'm here to marry you Jeff. Joey
Just so you've already killed me man. This new M night movie is really weird
Traver you talking about old the new M night movie old old where people go to old beach and become old
in old
Catch old this summer with in night Shyamalan's old
Starring Joey Chester. I had it. I had a great real briefly. I my wife said to me
Did you hear about the new M night movie and I said?
No, and she briefly told me about it and she said it's supposed to be a return to form for M night
I'm like, hmm. Okay. She said although I heard that the Ville the the visit was supposed to be good
So maybe that was his return to form and I said sweetheart we watched the visit we saw this film and she said well
I guess it probably wasn't a form
We did watch the film and not maintain any of the memories of his form is something new now
He has a new form
I just wanted to close this out with one of the last questions is what if I just gave up and let him take me like
If he won fair and square and they answered
I
Respect
That's good sportsmanship. I like that if he was a murderer then he'd most likely kill you
So I don't recommend this to push course of action
Yeah
But at a certain point also like if I don't have my weapons and I'm laying on the floor and the murder says hey
Straight up. I don't think I murdered you yet. Did I and I rolled over like nah
There's nothing I can do now
peace
Ah take me you win you did it congratulations
I was worried. I was gonna murder you there for a second, but it looks like that was an unfounded
First could I please do it so that my family members don't find me in a big sticky mess. Ah, let's take a break
Okay. Yeah for sure. We've been working hard
Hey, do you guys ever get home from the store and you're like no
Okay
I went to the store to get batteries and you come home and you've got a watermelon and you got some shredded cheese
Then you got a mylar balloon. Yeah, what did you forget?
batteries
You know, yeah. Yeah. Oh, what are you gonna do? Go back out to the store? No, you're gonna get on door-dash
That's right door-dash. It connects you to restaurants and what's that stores? Yeah groceries and stuff
Yeah
You can get drinks and snacks and other household items delivered in under an hour with the contactless delivery drop-off setting
What's not to love so a limited time our listeners get 25% off and zero
Delivery fees on their first order $15 or more when you download the door-dash app and enter code mbmb am that's
25% off up to a $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the door-dash app in the app store
And enter code mbmb am don't forget
That's code mbmb am for 25% off your first order with door-dash subject to change terms apply
I stitch fix since you close in a box and that's ideal because shopping for clothes is a terrible process that nobody
Actually enjoys and the people who say they do are lying to you to be sounding like impressive
But stitch fix doesn't care about that stitch fix says hey
tell us about you and your size and your style and your budget and then they have heart and your heart and the size of
Your heart and then they will have a stylus that just sends you clothes that you keep your favorite ones
And you send back the rest of them and it has free shipping with easy returns and exchanges and they send a little prepaid return
Envelope, so it's like no sweat at all
Speaking of no sweat the latest box I got from stitch fix was filled
Exclusively with moisture wicking fabric clothing and I saw this and I said stitch fix. I don't know about this one my body
I don't really push it to
I don't really push it to the point where it creates
generalized
Sort of body moisture
But you know what barely has enough of what he needs in his body at any given time without excreting he needs to reabsorb that
Exactly, but guess what?
I put some of these bad boys on
While I did not use them in this sort of athletic way that they were maybe intended
They still covered my body and kept me cool and dry and so well sleep clothes comfortable sleep clothes. Absolutely
They are it's it's great. There's no subscription or anything like that
You just set up you can get one box
You can get automatic deliveries and you pay just a $20 styling fee for each box
Which gets credited towards any pieces of clothing that you keep and there's no hidden fees ever
We've been doing stitch fix for God knows how long at this point and you know
We pay for it at everything now. We're not just
spokespeople or also
We use we do it and use it so get started today at stitch fix comm slash my brother and you'll get
25% off when you keep everything in your fix that's stitch fix comm slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix
Stitch fix comm slash my brother
Video games video games video games you like them. Maybe you wish you had more time for them
Maybe you want to know the best ones to play
Maybe you want to know what happens to Mario when he dies in that case. You should check out triple click
It's a podcast about video games a podcast about video games, but I don't have time for that
Sure, you do once a week kick back as three video game experts
Give you everything from critical takes on the hottest new releases to scoops interviews and explanations about how video games work
To fascinating and sometimes weird stories about the games
We love triple click is hosted by me Kirk Hamilton me Jason Shire and me Maddie Meyers
You can find triple click wherever you get your podcasts and listen at maximum fun org. Bye. Oh
a little bit whoa Justin's drowning this is trap as I understand it's not what I'm doing it's not wait a little bit it out by
My baby, baby. No, it's sounds like the lead singer of corn trying to make his kids laugh
That's not what trap music is at all
Lily I want a much why I
Want to munch
Like maybe more of a James Taylor vibe to the munch squad opening a little less scary
Just squat. Thank you. I'm so sweet
I've seen munch and I've seen don't walk and play in my playground. Okay, come on. Okay, I'm gonna go then I have
a full story this first juniors from Sonic and it's just like the the chicken sandwich wars are
Expanding to new fronts. This is what I now they're doing some cyber
cyber chicken sandwich war now this one's popcorn chicken
from Sonic and they introduced the new limited-time only popcorn chicken po boy a
new sandwich influenced by the bold flavor of Louisiana cuisine now I did want to
Just the most word salad
jumble of nonsense in this quote
announcing this
from Scott the veep of product innovation and development for Sonic
Cajun delicacies are known for delicious blends of seasonings that
culminate in excitement with everybody
Good food. Yes, that's true of a lot of delicacies
This delicacy the flavors make people like people are looking for in food is flavor. Okay with a smoky southern style mayo
the popcorn chicken po boy spins a sonic staple the guests know and love with subtle notes of thyme oregano red pepper and
Paprika which complement the juicy tenderness in the chicken and bring out a harmony of flavors and a tasty delicate spice level
Can I please be done with my quote? Please? I can't let me go. I want to go home and see my kids
That's the end of Scott's quote. That is a that's good. That sounds not right. It looks like a good sandwich
It's on a hinge slice roll, but you know, you know how we do it here on the squad
We're not just gonna give you a new entry in the chicken sandwich wars because that's honestly
It's a little set broasters in on it. By the way, broaster the popular manufacturer of gas station chicken
Chicken cooking equipment is like we got a chicken sandwich machine for you. I'm not gonna reach that story Chuck e cheese. Oh
Charles
entertainment cheese and
munches make-believe band have announced their first ever
concert tour and if I
What better time then now
Chuck e cheese Charles entertainment cheese the number one family entertainment vid. Sorry
Chuck e cheese is the restaurant Charles entertainment. She's the mouse. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you
the number one family entertainment venue and
Chuck e cheese. Is it even the most the biggest entertainment mouse like now? He's maybe three
He's like a power three. Okay
They have announced Chuck e cheese and munches make-believe band dropped a new album
what summer of fun and
The iconic group will be hitting the road for their first ever
Concert tour is munches make-believe band. Chuck e cheese is rock-afire explosion. I
Honestly, I'm we grew up in like
We grew up in like, you know, we grew up in a Billy Bob house right now like so I don't actually know
We've only ever had hydrox. I've never had Oreo before
That kind of thing
It's that kind of thing
I'm trying to figure out how to listen to this this
I'm just saying if y'all have never seen Billy you put Billy Bob up against the Chuck e cheese any day of the week
Billy Bob, he seems approachable. Yeah, seems like a kind of bear. You could have a beer with he's a big friendly bear
With a with a bird in a can and he plays but then cheese scares the shit out of me
Oh the teams are afraid of five nights at Freddy's
But I could just can't do it cuz I'm I grew up in the shadow of this big friendly hillbilly bear and I love him
So much hurt me. I trust that boy with my life now. I don't trust that wolf over there stage left
No, right the wolf with a puppet. Yeah, not even
Yeah, the wolf with a puppet the wolf who is a puppet himself who also has a puppet part
No, thanks
Good news everybody. Don't worry. I did manage to secure some tracks
From the new Chuck e cheese joint, so let's just let's just I'm just gonna let her rip. Hold on
It's such a perfect day
I can't wait to feel this
Oh
Okay, so you get the well right off the bat can I acknowledge two things yeah it slaps
Trips and bops and fucking hits and it hits so hard. It kind of feels like this song is about the end of kovat
Oh, it doesn't kind of feel like that trap. It is that a hundred percent Chuck Charles entertainment cheeses tacit
Acknowledgement of the existence of kovat and how glad he is that it is passed by the way
Fucking Charles if I can speak to you over here for a minute. I saw your ads in fucking like May of
2020 where you're showing people cleaning tables and you're like we keep it clean. So mom will be happy to
Open for business
You've been partying non-stop my friend
No question. No questions on this. You've not been separate for anybody
You've been partying all year
But I also want to acknowledge that this song falls into my favorite sub genre of music
Which is songs about other songs
When you have a song that's talking about like their favorite song on the radio or like hey DJ turn that music up or like oh
Hey, it's not the greatest song in the world
Right gosh songs about other songs that are not the song that we're singing is my favorite sub
Genre of music and I can't believe Chuck E. Cheese just added a new track
I feel like after hearing this I
Have an image of how Charles entertainment cheese conducts himself on social media, and I'm not saying that he is like
a full-blown anti-vaxxer, but I definitely think he's the type to just like be like I'm just asking the questions. Oh
Nothing wrong. I'm just asking questions. Oh
I just retweeted it to see what you guys thought you guys were inflamed to
discussion
Yes, can I just real quick? I'm gonna this fucking album. This is like I thought it would be kind of a goof
This song this album is 12 songs long. There's 12 different tracks on here
I'm gonna read you all the tracks and you guys get to tell me which one you want to hear 30 seconds of
song of summer we just we just
Heard it was extremely good beach party bash dog days this summer. Let's be friends
Oh, I dare you not to laugh that sounds like kind of uh, you know, how like a lot of rap albums
I'm like improv tracks. Oh, yes sounds like kind like that. You know, I mean, I dare you not to laugh stay positive
Which I'm assuming is a cover of the whole steady song
lend a helping hand
Elray guitarista
game on
Crochet all day crochet all day disco dancing dinosaur party
Fuck and then the last song is called Chucky cheese is all about fun by Chucky cheese. Damn it Justin
We can only pick one. I know
Fuck, I will dip in on some of these we'll let you check out pick what you each get to pick one
I'll eat you Justin. I would like to hear crochet all day. I think that that's what every crochet all day is bonkers
Recently, I've been spending a little more time at home like a lot of people these days hanging out on my own
Time with fun things is really not that tough
But finding that one new passion is proving to be rough. I've done puzzles right juggling
Coloring magic to stuff video chat is fun
Especially when it's with you
Gaming binge watching I even try croquet
But nothing has been quite as fun as my new hobby called crochet that is bracing
That is okay. The song's not great, but that that's surprise sort of
Key shift out there. Yeah, I did not sound like a little Sally Hall track. Okay, great. Yeah
Oh god, what was the one about making you laugh? I dare you not to laugh. I mean, this is a comedy program
Want to play a game? Do you even have to ask? Of course, I want to play a game
Okay, this game is called
I dare you not to laugh and the point of the game is to try to think of funny things to make the other person
Laugh and hi, it's me. Justin. I
Don't know
What Charles is about?
It has been by his admission a long fucking yeah. Yep
So and he may not if you're able to keep a straight face without laughing then you win. Oh
This sounds fun. All right, I'll go first. Let's see if you can withstand the silliness. I
I dare you not to laugh. I challenge you not to giggle. Do you think you can be serious?
No smiling not even a little I dare you not to chuckle. Oh
Look at this funny giraffe. I dare you not to laugh
Start when it's the funny shit start Charles. Oh you didn't hear that Griffin
He said that was a picture of a funny giraffe
Funny giraffe
Oh, yeah
How about a platypus wearing a tutu this pickle high-fiving a horse an elephant riding a surfboard
This bumblebee eating s'mores a kitty cat getting a haircut this pig taking a bath
A monkey doing a cartwheel. I dare you not to laugh. Okay, so it seems okay. Yeah
seems
Cats sometimes need to be groomed so
that
One was that one was out. It's that one was out of sight
I I a platypus pointed to two is fucking universally like very funny and I won't
Pickle high-fiving a horse frankly that one I was not expecting that it also didn't fit the mold
Everything else was an animal doing something and this was something doing something to an animal. Yeah
Yeah, it kind of feels like it feels like Charles's entire definition of comedy is
Okay, something doing something to an animal yes
Hey, sorry Charles, are you very busy or are you crochet? Well, I could be busy
I
Hey Helen, what are you having fun?
You get to live another day
This is like
Sorry, I try to say you you get to live another day
Yeah, I just I I hate to just really monopolize the show like this
But I do want to know what dinosaur disco dance party is
All about fun sure I love this
That's what it says
Adapted with the time and game distinction she wrote a novel
Okay
So, okay this rules she escaped the sink
Yeah, she's a state extinction and wrote a novel I achieved distinction. All right, that's a highlight
I like that one quite a bit. That was that was a good track
It kind of feels like they build a whole album around one single. Yeah. Yeah
So he's gonna be
Hitting the road
They coming to to return to our actual story
It is a celebration at all US Chuck E. Cheese locations that begins May 31st. That's today as the crow flies
The new summer fun path. I'm not gonna read their promotion. It doesn't matter quote
We know our guests have missed seeing Chuck E in our stores. That's the other thing that's worth noting is like
They got rid of all Chuck E. Cheese in all stores because they're like kids
But maybe he'll come to his tour
He's been hard at work writing music and recording a new album that sure to delight fans of all ages
Said someone there
we're thrilled that Chuck E and the band are hitting the road to rock fans with our iconic fun tracks and
Signature sounds at beaches and parks across the country and we're making it easy and affordable for families to keep the summer fun going
But you know at Chuck E. Cheese. Here's the schedule
June 5th pier 60 Park at
popular Scientology hub
Water Florida showtimes 10 a.m. 1 p.m. 3 p.m. Three shows a day
That's it. That's three shows. Enjoy your costume
They're performers. That's gonna be a rough one
Then they're taking the whole production giving themselves a nice comfortable week to get on over to Cumberland Park, Nashville
Tennessee with three shows there music city music city
They're going to Philly and then Atlanta and then, Texas. There's nothing really I need to know which city in Texas
Justin cuz do remember I Dallas Dallas
I'll fucking drive that drive for Chuck
Yeah, you'll get there for Chuck. So yeah, he is officially
Chuck E. Cheese is going on tour long before we are he is getting out there and playing those outdoor venues and
having the time of his life, so
I'm really excited about that. It's good stuff
Get out there and see Chuck. I'm sure he'd love to see you
He's been as he is apparently just telling everybody really cooped up really cooped up ready to fuck
I'm trying a lot of new things. It sounds like yeah, he's trying a lot of new things. Yeah, pretty much
He said he's open to anything. Yeah
He has another song didn't make the album called
Called that. Dr. Fauci wouldn't let me have my fun break
They had to cut that one for very obvious reasons there's another one called dr. Fauci enemy of fun
Dr. Fauci hates pizza is another one. That's on the album
Dr. Fauci won't admit he's my dad. Yeah, despite having a lot of paperwork
This is stone. Yeah, you want to do one more question? Maybe I want to help
You always see in movies and stuff that putting a ring of salt in the ground is supposed to protect you from ghosts
But how high up off the ground?
Can you get before the protection is no longer effective if I put a big ring of salt down and then fly been a helicopter?
Are the ghosts gonna get me or does the salt produce a sort of anti ghost cylinder?
That extends all the way up to the stratosphere. That's from ruminating about revenants in Richmond
And I mean you're thinking purely terrestrially like once you get out in a space like up and down
Don't mean anything anymore. So like how can you even know that you're still?
In this in the circle so to speak
Well, and I would also say you're only thinking in the up direction
You have to think if you put the ring of salt on this side of the planet
Mm-hmm on the other side of the planet. Yeah, that's stop. Okay, like it's a beam
why is it less able to stop ghosts through sediment right and and
Molten core than it is, you know
Is it now is it maybe just that the ghosts don't like the smell of the salt?
And so it's not even the shape like if you just pour some salt on the ground a ghost comes near it and they're like no
I'm trying to watch my sodium and they leave. I don't think it's the circle because this makes no blood pressure thing
It's a blood pressure thing or I I I think it's so stupid. Okay
It's so fucking stupid
Wow that in in the in literature and stuff
It's like make a ring of salt to protect you from ghosts. Hey, I have things to do. How about this?
How about I make a ring of salt around this ghost and go live my fucking? Oh, that's right
How about he stays there and I put up a sign that's like warning dickhead ghosts say away
Don't fuck with do not mess with salt avoid if rains if rains run
Please trap ghosts again. Have shit to do find salt in cabinet next to the peanut butter
And you know the other no on the other side, that's sugar. Don't you sugar? Don't you sugar?
They'll just laugh and that will bring ants and also hey slugs. Just look out
Slugs look out this signs for you to slug out slugs. They're good for your garden
You don't you don't want to kill don't kill it slugs. Just trap the ghost if it's a ghost
Spare the slugs. Oh, man. What if
What if us you drop some salt and it kills a slug and then the slugs ghost comes out? He's like, well fuck
No, I don't like this at all. Okay. Hey shark tank. I've got a million dollar idea. Okay, okay
salted belts
You can wear them salt always got a ring of salt with you in this and it's just that your belt is soaked in salt
That's good
And if you're eating some flavorless popcorn you take the little guy out and you just a quick swiper across the belt
Not too much though. Not too much because they eventually go so get through. Yeah, you'll wear down your moment Travis
This protects this definitely is gonna protect my thorax from ghosts and my legs and feet. I love that
But what about my appendages? Yeah, salty the bracelets. So bracelets. Oh
Hey, you're starting to play fast and loose with geometry. Okay, fine a salted suit
So the whole suit is circular. Is it a circular? Oh jerky's it?
Oh this that raises an interesting question if a ghost comes into my house and tries to murder me and all of my techniques
That I learned in this episode are proving ineffective
if I
Run into the kitchen can't find the salt, but I do grab about a bag of Chex mix and I do a circle of that
Does the does the latent salt on the Chex mix provide the necessary?
Chemistry to make the ghost go away. Well, here's the good news Griffin
I I think it does but even if it doesn't it's going to start a conversation
It is yeah, and if the ghost is also a vampire
It's gonna slow that vampire down because if you spill a bag of something in front of a vampire they have to count it
Yeah, so they have to stop and count if it's like rice or grain or whatever, which I think Chex mix pretty grainy
Pretty grainy. Yeah, it's gonna work. Sure. So that's gonna stop a
Joey chestnut and a ghost and vampire
and those are my three biggest fears, so
I'm afraid of ghosts come come haunt me make me do things
I don't want to do afraid of vampire come eat me and my family's blood and I'm afraid Joey chestnut come eat all the hot dogs
out of my refrigerator
Mm-hmm, cuz I'm gonna save those for lunch. Yeah, I need those for the big cookout
I'm so glad that we're getting back to our core competencies of talking about ghosts and competitive. Yeah
This really feels like a return to form. How many ghosts do you think you could eat Justin?
I
Don't know. I'm not Pac-man
Thank you so much for for enjoying this podcast assuming you did. Thanks at least for listening, you know
I should I should I should rain in my scope. Thanks for listening to this podcast. We're so
Happy you joined us
Do we have yeah, we have a big announcement. Oh, okay. We have a virtual my brother my brother and me coming up
Whoa, and tickets are on sale now what and those tickets are at bit.ly slash
MBMB a.m. Virtual the show is June 25th at 9 p.m. Eastern Time
Tickets are only $10 and video on the van will be available for two weeks after the show ends
So even if you are not available on the 25th and 9 p.m. Eastern Time
You can still watch the show for two weeks after this my thing says that they're on sale tomorrow Tuesday
Well, yeah, but that's when this will come out. Is this Tuesday? This is Tuesday when people hear this Justin
But this day is got it sound that day. They hear the sound so it is doesn't go out live Justin, you know that right?
So confused, okay
Also, we've got new merch over at macro merch calm
Our pin of the month is I also want a sword which you might recognize from the my brother my brother and me hit TV show
Benefiting the Trevor project which provides crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to LGBTQ
Plus young people under 25. We've also got you hear that babe. We're legends shirt
I believe that's from the Adventure Zone a
Well-loved podcast that some really handsome fellows make and a portion of the proceeds from that also go to the Trevor project
Speaking of the Adventure Zone you can pre-order the Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom graphic novel, but novel
Oh, I was just reading I was looking at the word available and graphic novel became but it's a novel now
You can pre-order it over at the adventure zone comic comm that comes out
July 13th 2021 and as a pre-order gift from for a second our publisher
You also get a Kravitz lenticular laptop sticker
You submit your receipts for your pre-order gift at bit.ly slash Taz for pre-order
Hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use for our theme song. My life is better with you
Gonna drop that track has got to be dropping. It's that's gonna be the bop of the summer
I bet or the fall. Yeah, I want to come when it fully releases probably the summer
I bet but it is gonna have some stiff competition from Chuck E. Cheese. And I don't even know if Montaigne knows about that
So we should probably shoot her an email real quick and just say yeah, you should probably bump this to like 2023
Just to be safe. I do a twitch Travis
He does twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy. It's over there. If you want to come hang out
He's playing Resident Evil 8 right now and he cried I heard he cries and screams at it like a baby because I do not
Mostly I spent the first play through critiquing evens terrible parenting
Yeah, he puts fucking pillows in with a six-month-old and there's toys all over the goddamn floor. Yeah, it's not good
It's unbelievable. Anyway, do you want final this final yahoo was I found it myself and it's from yahoo answers user Tam
Asks, how did your dad?
Fine how did your dad find his way into your life?
And how did you and how did you know? How did you know? I'm Griffin McRoy
It's been my brother. My brother may kiss your dad's square on the lips
It's better it's better
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
