The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to my brother, my brother, mean advice show for the modern
era.
Like Chilean miners emerging from their holes, we have returned to you, Boston.
From their holes.
From their mine holes.
My name is, I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
So Boston, Boston, I need to, we need to talk for a second before we get started.
Can we get real?
Listen, listen, Boston, shut up.
It's going to be a few months until we can do a live show again.
I don't know if you know this, but my wife is just dating a baby and Griffin's wife is
just dating a baby.
It's true.
So this might be our last one for a grip of time.
So that leads me to my question, Boston.
We were thinking, is this going to be the last one we do for a while?
Are you ready to get weird?
Oh, yeah.
We thought just for this one, we get weird because Griffin, what did you think?
You thought something.
We took a poll before when everybody was coming in and we have the results of the poll available
now, Griffin.
And I've been looking at the data and I've had my analysts going over the data and it
seems like just based on sort of the demo, which is what we call demographics in the
data analysis industry, that there's a 90 to 92% chance that they horny for this.
And now we're going to produce actual content and not just fucking hype ourselves up.
Grab in because it's content time.
By the way, everybody, you're welcome for the hot poke stop lure that I dropped here.
I just hit 13.
Travis just hit level 13.
What up?
We're having a great day.
I've been catching a lot of ghastlies, a lot of ratata.
I got to say, Boston, I don't know if y'all have like a city slogan, but if you do, it
should be, we have like infinite drowsies up in this motherfucker.
That's the state bird.
Also as long as we're talking about Boston, so when you come to Boston, what's the one
thing you're going to do?
No.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
I didn't hear it anywhere.
Okay.
This was a poorly conceived bit.
Let me give you a hint.
In common, everybody's favorite sitcom with the guy from Yes, Dear that ran for TV.
Travis made us go to fucking Cheers today.
Now, wait, here's the conversation.
We're walking there with a dear friend to Cheers, and he's from New York, and he said,
so what made you guys want to go to Cheers?
You guys must be big fans.
Took a quick poll, the three of us, and none of the... Travis is insistent that we go
to Cheers.
I want to make this super clear, has never seen an episode of Cheers.
You know how I think sad lives are funny?
You think the existence of Cheers is funny.
Sometimes I think really not funny things are funny, and dragging my brother and our
friend JD to Cheers was one of those.
We lasted all of 30 seconds before the words 35 minute wait escaped the hostess' mouth.
Too many minutes to wait.
I was horrified before we knew what the wait was when we walked up and we saw a couple
taking a picture in front of the Cheers sign, and they said, one, two, three, Cheers.
You can't do that, actually.
That's against the law.
What you did there was a crime.
It was a crime.
It wasn't nice of Ted Danson to stop by, though.
Was he in?
He greeted the door.
He was in Cheers then.
Okay, so what we do on this show is we take your questions, and we turn them alchemy-like
into wisdom.
And special for our live shows is we will do audience questions, but we have a very
specific rule.
No bummers, that's right.
And also keep it short, if you could, and a new facet that we've had to add after a
recent show, apolitical, if you don't mind.
That would go down real smooth.
I believe the microphone is over in that area.
We'll bring up house lights when it comes time to not trip and fall over each other.
Yeah, it'll be super, super casual live show hang set.
Just a real laid back.
Let's do some questions, though.
Wild and crazy kids.
All right, here comes the first question.
This is from someone from this area who I think will be here, so after I read the question,
please let me know.
My mom is completely obsessed with the musician Sting.
Oh, so it's everyone's mom's, then.
Wait, are you here?
Yeah, okay, so everybody's mom's are into Sting, cool.
Whenever he's going on tour, she buys tickets to his shows multiple times to get better
seats, and in just everyday conversation, she'll insert comments like, you know, Sting
also does sessions.
It's cool your mom has so many conversations about tantric fucking.
And double stuffed Oreos.
The two things I know about Sting.
Motherfucker loves double stuffed Oreos.
That's a reference everyone can enjoy.
She managed to find him on a street corner in New York just based on her knowledge of
where he lives.
What?
This is kind of a one way.
No, no, it'll be two way later on.
Just based on her knowledge of where he lives and his activity on social media.
That's also a criminal crime from the laws.
Sting crime.
Hold on, I got wifi here right now.
Let me just look up.
Yeah, that's a criminal crime from the federal law book.
The question is, should I do something about this?
That's from Tom in Red Hook.
Tom, are you here?
Hi Tom.
Okay, oh shit.
Tom is apparently a tuvian throat singer.
How do you feel about Sting?
No feelings whatsoever.
No feelings on Sting.
I'll be honest, that's exactly how I feel about Sting.
Let me take you inside, Tom was about to drop the hammer on Sting and then the thought
flashed across his head, wait, Sting could be here.
Sting might be here.
I need to play it cool.
My mom would be so pissed if I put Sting on blast and Gordon was in the room.
What could you possibly do at this point for your mom?
What are you going to do?
Look at her and go, mom, cool it and her go, yeah, you know what?
No, you're right.
Now that you mention it, I've gone over the top.
Yeah, I think tracking down Sting based on his GPS signal that you hacked from the government
is you've already-
Yeah, I've got it.
You need to do immersion therapy with your mom.
You need to get Sting to come and hang out with her every minute of every day for the
next two weeks until she looks at you and goes, I'm fucking sick of Sting.
Yeah.
Yeah, they did it.
Yeah, if Sting could pick up a dish for once and wash it and someone, no, I take 12 hours
to wash a dish.
That's the problem.
Yeah, that's the problem actually with this tantric stuff is that he's been in you for
five days and at that point, you're just like, I'm tired of Sting.
He's been brushing his teeth for 13 hours.
I need to get in the bathroom, Sting.
He's the only human being who listens to podcasts at half speed.
He loves to say it.
I want to accentuate the goofs.
Okay, great, Sting.
I'm Marc Maron.
Welcome to my podcast.
Tom, let me give you some friendly advice.
Don't make your mom choose between you and Sting.
You may not like the way that particular deal breaks.
Here's a quick quiz.
Actually, we can solve this right now.
Were you in the police?
Probably not.
You might have been.
I don't know the other fellows who were in there, frankly.
So yeah, you could totally pull one over on us right now, vis-a-vis the police members.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Rare exception.
No.
Was Danny Elfman in the police, who was the other fool in the police?
Stuart Copeland.
He wrote the theme song, The Equalizer, which is fucking... Do we have that queued up?
No, we don't have that one, but we'll get it for you later.
Yeah, I'd like a Yahoo.
A hot Yahoo here from the Yahoo Answers service.
It was sent in by, right in high, Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, sorry, something has gone wrong.
We'll call them Sting.
He spends five days inside of you.
He gets bored, he gets on his phone, and he wants to know some stuff on Yahoo Answers
like this.
Did Guy Fieri ever eat a meal in Diner, Drive-In, or Dive that he didn't think was totally awesome?
I've been to a few of the restaurants they've been on his show and had the same meals he
had on TV.
I must tell, most of them really sucked by a wide margin.
I know, TV requires him to be super excited with every bite, but come on, man, Guy really
must be a huge tool bag to go into Diner after Diner and watch these people cook crap food
day after day.
Who's the tool bag now?
And then shovel that crap into your hole and act like it's the best thing he ever ate.
That takes a certain kind of tool bag.
I don't care how much they pay him.
There isn't enough money to make me become a totally different person for a living.
This question took a wonderful turn.
Hold on.
Isn't there?
Yahoo Answers question asked, how much money would it take before you ate something and
went, this is delicious, because I guarantee it's way less than you are claiming here,
which is no amount.
He looks like two Smash Mouths got crushed together in the Large Hadron Collider.
He's never said a word that wasn't screamed through a throatful of chili fries, but what
I don't like about Guy Fieri is he seems a little disingenuous.
I was actually ready to jump on the like, fuck Guy Fieri, like what a tool bag, until
he started listening to me, I was like, maybe he's doing something for the mom and pop industry
of America, where he goes in and eats the crap food from these mom and pop diners, and
he looks at the camera and goes, it was great.
Come here.
Guy Fieri came to Hillbilly Hot Dogs in Huntington, West Virginia.
That's right.
Yeah, what's up, Huntington?
Had himself a home wrecker, which is a foot-long hot dog that is 18 inches long.
It's a weird name for it, if you think about it, and it has lots of stuff on it, and he
ate the whole thing, and then he brought it on Jay Leno's show, which is the perfect venue.
He regurgitated it into Jay Leno's mouth like a baby bird.
It was fucking insane.
The answer to your question of whether or not Guy Fieri's ever had anything he didn't
think was totally awesome is, of course, yes, obviously.
But what this question posits is that he's an amazing act.
No, he's a true fucking professional who's in there day in, day out eating trash for
you to mock him from the sidelines.
He eats those cheddar jalapeno popper explosions, and he eats them, and then his brain goes,
I've had better, but his face screams, yes, yes, please got another.
Everyone in Flavortown just had a simultaneous orgasm.
My brothers and I ate there with a friend of ours named Lynn, and it was a delicious
meal.
It was a delicious meal, and I think he does a hell of a restaurant.
I just want to say- His restaurant's real good.
If his restaurant is in question, it was a fine meal.
As far as food that you eat as a joke goes- High marks all around.
Can I interest you all in another question?
Yes, please.
Yes.
One of my friends in...
I want a munch.
This bitch.
I want too much.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
How many of you, this is your first time listening to my brother, my brother, and me?
Hold on.
Let the applause roll in for Munch Squad.
Justin.
Team Mac.
I got to stand for this one.
Can you get me another brewski open so I can tell everybody about Domino's unveiling a
new pizza burger hybrid called the Pizza Burger.
Munch Squad, if you don't know, is a bit where I talk about the new food trends coming to
fast food restaurants, fast casual.
It is six episodes old.
It's a classic.
Here's the tagline.
Here's the tagline.
It's upside down.
There you go.
Looks like a burger, tastes like a pizza.
Simple enough.
Easy enough to understand.
I would like my food to look-
Looks like a garbage can.
Tastes like 10 tacos.
It's a garbage can full of tacos.
You're going to love it.
So we have quotes.
The thing about Munch Squad is I take the quotes directly from the professionals, the
people who should know what this food is like.
The first comes to us from S. Murugan, who is the senior vice president of marketing
for Domino's Pizza India, where the-
Oh, man.
I can't get one of these bad boys.
Nah.
The burger pizza is exclusive.
And here's what he says about it.
The burger pizza is different from conventional burgers in many ways.
I can think of one major way off the top of my head.
I want to clarify, in case you can't picture it in your head, if you're picturing like
a pizza-flavored burger, you are wrong.
If you're picturing a calzone, fucking leave.
Just fucking leave.
Picture like an egg and cheese McMuffin, except it's mostly made out of pizza.
So the burger pizza is the chain's attempt to break into the all day individual consumption
market, which is of course what Guy Fieri calls his home.
We aim to address the desire for a burger through a new kind of pizza.
Something came out of Travis on that one.
It makes no sense.
It is available at the more than 1,000 Domino's Pizza locations in India.
How's it going, India?
But unfortunately for America, burger and pizza lovers, it is an available state side.
I think they're assuming a lot by thinking that burger and pizza lovers are going to
be a fan of this fucking Island of Dr. Moreau style.
The only way that works is if every time someone went to a restaurant, they ordered both pizza
and burger because they couldn't decide between the two.
Right.
No, I want pizza.
If you find it hard to choose between burgers and pizza when you're hungry-
And oh man, that's every day for me.
For sure.
Domino's has a solution for you.
The appropriately, if not so creatively tiled burger pizza.
Does it say that in there?
Wait, hold on.
Is that a quote?
That's a quote from the fucking article.
We did a shitty job.
We get it.
We get it.
The burger pizza hybrid costs an affordable 89 rupees or $1.33.
Holy shit.
How much did your lunch cost, Justin?
I'd rather not say.
Unlike this is a direct quote from Dev Amaritesh, president and chief business officer of Domino's
Pizza India, as I'm certain you know.
Unlike other burgers, the burger pizza is comfort food.
No.
Unlike the health food burgers you're all used to.
Unlike other burgers, burger pizza is comfort food, full of pizza goodness and has been
specifically designed for the Indian palate.
Okay.
Sure.
Anyway, that is the story on burger pizza.
You just closed your computer, but do you really want to read a question for us now?
Thank you, Jeeves.
One second.
I got some owls on my screen.
Let me swipe them out of the way, and we're going to get this show rolling here.
As soon as we deal with these fucking owls.
The owls on my screen saver.
One of my friends believes in mermaids.
At first, I thought it was some sort of inside joke I wasn't getting and didn't pay much
attention to it, but then she almost broke up with her boyfriend when he tried to explain
to her that they are fictional.
She constantly points to the fake Discovery Channel documentary as proof of her existence.
Good work, Discovery Channel.
Oh, it's going to be totally harmless.
Fun joke.
Fun joke.
Cool ratings.
Cool job, guys.
In college, she took marine biology classes and is even trying to get a job in an aquarium
with hopes of someday learning enough to go out and find the mermaids herself.
She has been venting about it to me lately, and I have no idea what to do.
Should I let her have her delusions or try to burst her bubble?
That's from Miffed with mermaids.
I have a two-part question.
The second part, I'm going to skip to it, is this person who you are talking about here.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You did great.
We won't make that mistake a ninth time.
Yeah.
We've fallen into that trap before.
We're done with interventions here on My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
It's just advice.
Now, she believes- Now, ask question one.
Well, I got my answer because they said that she wasn't here.
My favorite player in this tale is the boyfriend who I'm guessing should know better.
Yeah, for sure.
It sounds like this is a pretty defining characteristic of this individual.
The boyfriend was probably having a shitty day and said, you know what?
I'm going there.
You know what?
Yeah.
I'm done dancing on eggshells.
You know what?
Fuck it.
Today's the day.
Tell me again about mermaids, Deborah.
The New York Times recently ran an article, I think the headline was like, yes, there
have been aliens.
And I didn't read it, but the point of this article, I bet, was that the universe is so
infinitely large and there's so many planets out there that certainly at some point there
have been aliens.
And I would like to pause at the same point here, which is to say there have been so many
people that at some point one of them fucked a fish or a dolphin or a whale.
There's 12 people like, yes.
You got it.
Life finds a way.
I'm just saying, it's not my that would be fucking great.
Mermaid Park, I don't understand where they're coming from.
You were so busy worrying about it, you really didn't.
Well, yeah, I didn't think people were fucking fish, yes.
That's on me.
People are getting killed by mermaids.
I'll sit on this one because I didn't think people were going to fuck fish.
I'm just saying it's not my thing, but I'm just saying, I get it.
It's probably a thing.
I don't want to yuck any yumps, but I'm just saying sometimes you see those salmon.
I actually do want to yuck this yump.
No, no, no, no.
Please do not fuck fish.
Let me describe the yum first.
You see one of those salmon and they just finished spawning and they have that dope
pearlescent red color and they look awesome.
I'm saying not me, but somebody probably sees that and is like...
I actually want to still yuck that.
Might I yuck that, please?
How much of the earth's deep oceans is unexplored?
All of it.
There's no way of... Prove to me that somewhere in the Mariana Trench... Okay, these are
probably mermaids.
A lot of people think that they're going to be human size, but it's a human fucking a
fish, right?
Yeah.
So why wouldn't they be like human top, fish bottom, but on fish scale like David the gnome
of mermaids?
What I'm saying is how deep have we been in the Mariana Trench?
Not particularly deep, I'd assume.
If this is what's waiting for us down there, we've gone deep enough.
Can I also say that I think it is silly of us to assume that it'll be half and half,
which is not how breeding ever works.
You think it's like fish, guy, fish, guy, like 10%, 10%.
Yeah.
Evenly spaced.
This is like... But if it's more like a calico and kind of splotches everywhere.
That's fun too.
That's a fun luck of the draw thing where it's like, I hope I get gills in a dick.
I prefer my mer parfait of just like, there's like a belly button scales, pee pee scales,
knees scales.
So did that help?
Wow.
We didn't even touch on the shit at all.
Should we touch on this?
I mean like- No, we good.
Which of these two, Trev?
This one.
Yeah.
This one's sending by level nine.
Yeah, true, true, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
This is by yadrewanswersuser Ahmad who asks, don't you wish that donkeys only existed in
legends?
Instead of wishing mythical creatures to be real, why not exile trouble making creatures
into legends?
I follow this question up to this point and then, like boneheaded donkeys wearing dress
of humans.
What?
What?
How often is that coming up?
I just unlocked this because I read it earlier and I've just unlocked it.
I think this person saw the movie franchise Shrek the movies and said, everything in this
movie is fantasy bullshit and they're like, donkeys are real and he was like, yeah, right.
They make super hairy horses that aren't as attractive.
Sure.
Yeah, right.
Great.
Do you think everybody sees a donkey in the hat and is like, no, not again.
Do you wish that donkeys only existed in legends?
The ideal for me would be if we could like exile donkeys to legend, but it would be like
tomorrow.
So like from this point forward.
From this point forward, all donkeys are legend.
Donkeys never exist, but donkeys did exist, but now they're legends.
So when I have grandchildren, I can tell them about the donkeys.
No, grandpa Paul, there was never a boneheaded donkey in people's dress.
They were small, stupid horses.
It's true.
I never actually saw one myself.
I never saw one.
That's a good question, Travis.
Listen, everybody out there, listen, I need you to pay attention for once and engage.
If donkeys disappeared tomorrow, do you feel like you've appreciated donkeys now?
In the arms of the donkey far away.
I think when you all go home tonight, you'll really think twice about just walking past
that donkey on your front lawn.
Yeah.
How many donkeys have you walked past just today and they have their little signs that
are just hoof prints because they're donk, because they're donkeys.
And you turn towards them and you held up your phone and you caught a ghastly on their
fucking face.
Let me tell you about a real life Pokemon friend of mine.
It's called the American donkey.
That's a donkey is a fun character from the show, my brother, my brother and me that we
do.
I mean, that is our IP.
So you're going to be sued now.
Yeah.
In jail.
Do you want another question?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This one comes to us from Caroline.
It says, dear brothers, I've moved in with my girlfriend and her family and overall things
have been good.
I get along with her whole family, but there's one issue.
After years of living with roommates and buying individual food, I'm very defensive over my
food.
I know it's a shared household and I do eat some of their food, but I can't.
We got to circle back on that one.
But I can't help but be a little hurt when the lunch meats I bought Tuesday are gone
by Thursday.
How can I become less of a food hoarder with my new family?
Carolyn, Carolyn, are you here?
Hey Carolyn.
Hey.
Let me tell you where you lost me.
Can you guess?
Do you have the insight?
Can you guess where you lost me?
Let me help.
It was when you said you did eat their food.
I want to eat their things without having my things be eaten.
Sincerely, a human representation of the United States of America.
But no tea, no shade, no pink lemonade, we're just having fun up here, Caroline.
I get it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've done that.
When I moved in with my wife at that time, my girlfriend, I would buy treats just for
me.
Yeah.
I think that was going to be my idea.
And I will also say in your corner, Tuesday to Thursday, that's a heavy lunch meat consumption
that this household represents.
There is a luxury monster in your house.
Do you live with Chad from The Bachelorette?
A lot of Chad fans in the fucking crowd tonight.
He's a horribly abusive man and we should never applaud him.
And he loves lunch meat.
But boy does he love to eat lunch meat.
And that's funny.
But he's violent and horrible.
And that's not.
And that's not funny.
But he eats lunch meat like it's Pringles, it's great.
Um, hmm, there's nothing wrong with having secret food.
You just got to have a good place to hide it.
That's not good for frozen.
It's not good for frozen.
That's right.
You can't hide your frozen.
Going grocery shopping with Travis is like going grocery shopping with an old prospector.
You got to get your frozen.
You got to get some Vittles.
You got to get your secret soup.
You got to get your greenie meanies.
And your flapjack makings.
Your flapjack makings and your porkums.
Limes.
For scurvy?
For scurvy.
Yeah.
For all the prospectors scurvy.
You got to get your red buddies.
Are you talking about apples or tomatoes?
Yes.
You got to get your brown friends.
All the red foods you can handle scares the mountain ghosts away.
Did you mean mountain goat?
What are you fucking talking about?
Are you even a prospector?
Are you doing research for a part?
Are you, are you Jared Leto?
You have to tell me legally if you're Jared Leto.
Um.
We got a lot of Leto heads.
Yeah.
Leto fiends.
We've been going maybe like a half hour.
When should we do audience questions?
Uh.
I know you got one more Yahoo.
I got one more Yahoo.
I thought you were.
I just want to send them by.
I just want to send them by Riding High and Zoe Kinsey again.
Thank you Zoe.
Yahoo answers user Joey asks.
What extreme unreasonable things would you do just for one slice of piping hot Chicago
style pizza?
It's a weird exchange race.
I mean I have an extreme unreasonable thing I do whenever I have one slice of piping hot
Chicago style pizza and that is have diarrhea for three days.
I got to play the local crowd.
My favorite pizza chain is actually the Canadian Boston Pizza.
What situation are you running into where someone's like hey do you want this pizza
pizza?
Prove it.
How much does it cost to fly to Chicago?
That's like that's the furthest you should ever go.
Yeah.
Cause it's literally everywhere.
If it's like I would pay $400 it's like you could pay $300 and get to O'Hare and snatch
that za.
If you're in Chicago you shouldn't do anything.
You should just go get some of it.
Just go get some.
That should inexplicably need Chicago style pizza.
You should just.
Have the stuff.
Just have some.
Yeah.
The furthest most unreasonable thing you should do is teach yourself how to make it.
Do you think the great Chicago fire was somebody just like I got to get me that za.
That would have been ill-advised.
Yeah.
Ah beans I burn all pizza town down.
There isn't any pizza here.
Oh sorry you guys never lived in Chicago so there's this dope part of town called Pizza
Town.
It's right next to Roscoe Village.
It's sick.
The streets are literally pizza.
It's actually horrible and disgusting.
When there's potholes just grease pools up.
It's really really horrible.
And it's like an ice nine situation.
If you touch the pizza you turn into pizza and die.
I think we're ready for audience questions.
Yeah.
Can we get some house lights.
Please don't line up.
It's not a TED talk.
This just came in so hot.
This is breaking news that comes fresh on my phone.
We've got a haunted doll watch.
You take him back down.
No house lights.
Justin's a liar.
We pranked you.
That was a fun.
Bring the house lights down.
Hold on.
Sorry.
This just came in so fucking.
I got a notification.
This is a hot haunted doll.
Haunted doll.
Gonna go fast.
Gonna go fast.
Haunted doll called Hunter.
Haunted doll.
Active.
Don't even sweat it.
Sunshine Maquia.
And it says again here on the listing.
Active.
I'm gonna ask my brother Travis one of the most notable things about this listing of
a haunted doll on eBay.
Travis, why don't you tell me the backdrop that they've chosen for haunted doll Maquia?
It's like $100 bills.
Yeah.
It's just lots of haunted dollar bills.
It's just so fucking fresh.
I don't know how to doll who's also a baller.
The most balling thing.
This is my favorite doll.
I call her Sunshine Makiya.
She is the spirit of a spunky eight year old.
She brings a sense of brightness to any room.
You will need that after thinking about
an eight year old dying.
So it's refreshing.
It's good that the doll brings that lightness to any room.
She laughs and sings.
She doesn't, she's a doll.
And turns night lights on, that's okay.
And off, well that's, that's earth conscious of her.
It's very eco-friendly.
She wants to bring happiness to a family
who doesn't care about their electric bills presumably.
And here's the thing about Sunshine Makiya,
she needs help finding the light.
And she did get her picture taken in front of several.
A million dollars.
Like a million dollars, so she can afford it.
Anyway, that's Haunted Doll Watch.
Now we.
That's a little thing just for you.
Hey everybody, we want to take a quick break
from this live extravaganza of this
physical manifestation of joy and acceptance
to tell you about some of our sponsors this week.
Yeah, Travis isn't here because we,
ah dang it, Kevin!
We left him in Boston.
And also we called him Kevin.
And that's probably why we lost him.
We were like, Kevin, you ready to go?
And nobody answered, so we just got on the fucking plane.
Well, there we know.
Travis did not change his name to Kevin.
It's still just Travis.
What if one of the parents of that movie did
definitely see he was still asleep?
He's like, I can't fucking deal with Kevin.
I can't.
I'll figure this out later.
This fucking pizza monster.
Always demanding his own pizzas.
I hate this kid.
You are, you're getting homed alone.
Our sponsor this week is Harry's.
They have supported us for so long.
And let me ask you a question.
Have you wondered why all the razors are behind glass?
I just thought it was because they did crimes.
And so they were in razor jail,
the most dangerous jail of all.
They're not in razor jail.
In razor jail, you don't get cut.
You cut, do the cutting.
Yeah.
No, it's because they're so flipping expensive.
They're really, really pricey.
But you don't have to worry about that.
That's not your problem anymore.
That's the rubes problem.
No, you are gonna start shopping at Harry's.
These are German engineered five blade cartridges
that provide a close, comfortable shave.
And the quality is guaranteed.
If you don't like them, I bet you will.
But if you don't, you get a full refund.
And these are at half the price of the leading brand
because these are like factory direct prices.
I wanna tell you about the Truman Starter Set.
It's a great option for new customers.
It's an amazing deal.
Just 15 bucks, you get a razor handle.
You get moisturizing shave cream
and you get three of Harry's five blade,
German engineered razors.
They're gonna give our listeners five bucks off
that Starter Set with your first purchase
at H-A-R-R-Y-S.com.
That's Harry's.com and use the promo code,
my brother, all one word,
and get that dope Starter Set for 10 bucks.
Again, that's H-A-R-R-Y-S.
Make sure you use that promo code, my brother.
I also wanna tell you about MeUndies.
MeUndies.com slash my brother
is gonna be the address for this one.
Listen, if you are wearing underwear right now
and they aren't MeUndies, you're cheating your nuts.
Or your vagina.
Vagina or a non-binary.
I don't know what you got in there.
It's none of my fucking business.
The important thing is you gotta cradle it.
And the only thing to cradle your non-specific genitalia.
Every pair of MeUndies is made from sustainably sourced modal.
What's modal?
Well, it's a fabric that's twice as soft as cotton.
It shouldn't exist.
It should not exist.
It's a crime against God.
And every month I got new styles.
We get the new styles in the mirror.
This one's flavor is inspired by my Miami Beach.
You know that's my vibe.
Yeah, the styles are very, very fresh.
I get very excited.
It's the most stylish clothes I wear
and most people don't get to see it.
Just analyze.
Shipping is free in the U.S. and Canada.
And you can, that one's terrible.
You can save up to $8.
It's like, that's Borat's last words.
My man, my boy, my wife.
You can save up to $8 a pair
with the MeUndies subscription plan.
Get the plan, get a pair.
Either way, you get 20% off your first order
when you go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
That is MeUndies.com slash my brother
for 20% off your first order.
Got a Jumbotron here.
This message is for Katie and it's from Edbury
who says, it's almost Valentine's Day.
Oh no.
But the Max One calendar says it'll be more like July.
Yes. Yes.
When the brothers read this.
Uh-huh.
We've only been seeing each other for a few weeks
so this is either going to be,
this is either going to make future Katie's day
or be incredibly awkward for both of us separately.
Even if things don't pan out,
you definitely deserve a V-Day surprise this summer.
Holy shit. Oh shit.
Please email right this second
and let us know which it is because I have to know.
I'm actually okay with the sort of Schrodinger's cat
situation. Okay, okay.
Schrodinger's relationship.
Yeah, this is really wonderful
and best of luck for your relationship
over the past five months, I guess.
That's applicable.
Best of luck to you two.
Yeah. To both of you.
Best of luck.
And one, oh, do you want to do this one?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a message for Faye slash mom
and it's from Jake and Max.
So maybe, maybe she's Faye to one of them
and mom to the other.
I don't know exactly what the breakdown is.
Well, that's revealed in literally
the first sentence of the message.
Happy birthday to the mess mom and partner.
Try that again because you did say mess mom and that's.
I am mess mom, welcome to my comic strip.
It's very long running and poorly read.
Happy birthday to the best mom, not mess mom
and partner from your best family and favorite brothers.
May your year be full of geeky wonders
and boundless adventure.
Also stop listening to the adventure zone without Jake.
The brothers command it.
Now your birthday was April 6th
and we're very sorry about that Faye mom, mess mom.
But you have heard this message now.
Yeah.
So it's a fish.
Just remember it on your next birthday, I guess.
Thank you all the folks who came out to Boston.
It was seriously like the wildest, wettest crowd
like we've probably ever had.
It was, yeah, it was wet and wild.
It was so good.
Thank you everybody at the Wilbur theater
for being so great.
Thank you to Kelsey who helped us,
who managed this show for us.
I wanna say something real quick.
Just wanna remind everybody that we are doing a card game.
It is an expansion of the card game monikers.
If you don't know monikers,
it's a great card game that's basically
like an expanded re-imagined version of charades
is perhaps the best way of explaining it.
But we've got an expansion of it.
It's 112 cards.
Every one of them is a reference to something
in one of our podcasts,
but they're not just like in-jokey references.
This is something you can play with everybody.
You can share with the whole family.
Seriously, it's my favorite party game right now.
It has replaced a lot of the other party games
that we used to play.
And every time we go on a trip with our friends,
we bring it and play it every single time.
And it's hard to get a lot of the times.
A lot of times it's like sold out places
because it's really hard to get.
I waited for months to get my copy,
but you're not gonna have to do that.
If you wanna get just our collection
that we hand wrote every single card in this bad boy,
it's $10 to pre-order and we're only doing pre-orders.
Once that's over, that's it.
We gotta stress that this time,
like this thing's gonna be available for pre-order
for a few more weeks.
And then after that,
it will not be available just to purchase.
The only way that we can get it in your hands
is if you pre-order it.
So please do not sleep and ask us like a month from now
how you can get it.
And if you don't have the game, that's okay.
Like half of the pre-orders have been,
you can pre-order it with the actual game for 35 bucks.
And about half the pre-orders have been that.
So that's a lot of people getting in the monikers
and you're going to have so much fun with it.
And it's really, really, really, really cool.
And we're really proud of it.
We worked really hard on it.
Also a portion of the sales are gonna go
to benefit Grow Huntington,
which is a, it's a urban farm
that's going to be helping people in addiction recovery.
And I'm really excited about the project.
They just got their land and they're trying to pay for it.
So by buying this collection,
you're actually gonna be helping to do that.
The address is mackleroycollection.com.
Mackleroycollection.com.
Please, you have 23 days left.
Please don't sleep.
Go and pre-order right this second.
Thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Just go to maximumfun.org
and listen to all the podcasts they have on there.
They're all fucking fantastic.
We have other shows that we do.
You can find all those at Mackle Roy shows.
You can also find contact info for us there.
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
And seriously, again, everybody who came to our Boston shows
and who was involved in the production of the Boston shows,
thank you.
It was like, it was the best,
like it was one of the best weekends like of my life.
The My Bim Bam show was so much fun.
The Adventure Zone was like, holy shit,
like mind-blowingly great.
Just thank you all.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Now back to the show.
You guys, I'm so excited to introduce to you
my new baby, Getting Curious with Jonathan Van Ness.
This is gonna be a really fun look
at things that I find curious,
whether it's a menstrual cup,
it might be the Romanov family,
it might be fracking, it could be Carly Fiorina.
I don't even know.
Who knows?
It's gonna be whatever I think is interesting.
I can't wait to bring it to you guys.
We're gonna be bringing in content experts.
I'm gonna be learning the things.
It's only gonna take about 30 minutes
for you to expand your baby brains with me
and have a super fun time.
So I can't wait to see you
on our first episode of Getting Curious.
Okay, now can we get house lights up?
Sorry, we're the fucking worst.
Listen, I'm at the whim of the app.
Let's see here.
Let's go a little bit more.
Can we get more house lights?
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
Yeah, a little bit more.
Now that doesn't help.
Wait, wait, wait, hold on, wait.
I'm gonna say.
In the back of the...
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Two hands up right here.
Blonde hair, yes.
You.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on down.
Yes, you got it.
Yes, come on down.
Wait, yes.
Yes.
Hi.
Yes, you're doing it.
Hello.
Where's the mic?
Where's the mic?
Wait, no, no, I think...
Oh, shit.
Wait, wait, where's the mic?
Oh, God.
Hey, hold on a second.
Hold on, wait, we lost the microphone.
I thought we had a floor mic.
Hold on one second.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
So...
Okay, but seriously, there's a Hamburglar for microphones
somewhere in the crowd.
Which is a fun bit.
His name is Clint McElroy.
Somebody's like, hell yeah, I'm gonna get a free mic.
That's a weird reaction to that.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, I'm Sandra.
Hi, Sandra.
Hello, Sandra.
Sandra, what's up?
Are you gonna have any...
Are you thinking about maybe a bummer tonight,
or what are you...
No, no, no, no bummers.
Great, great, great.
Okay, no bummers.
Okay, great.
Can we get a little more Sandra in our ears, please?
Crank up the knob that says Sandra back there.
Do you have a Sandra knob?
Can you give me like 70% more Sandra?
Hey, is there any more Sandra you could provide?
Waitin' on the Sandra.
Waitin' on the Sandra drop.
I can't get any Sandra on my left.
Hey.
So, hey, what's up, brother?
How are you doing?
I'm super drunk, but...
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I actually sent this in,
but I wanted to like really drive it home.
It's not a bummer, I promise.
Okay.
So, my friend just said she's pregnant.
Cool.
And if it's a girl,
cause I know you guys are dads or about to be dads.
Yeah.
And if it's a girl,
she wants to name her Winslow hyphen Stephanie.
So, like...
So, either A, how do I help this future small person,
or B, when is a good age to tell them
to pack up and move away?
Good question.
Winslow, okay.
Winslow, correct me if I'm wrong,
but Winslow hyphen Stephanie sounds like
somebody named Stephanie bought a bar called the Winslow.
And she's like, well, people won't know where to come,
but I do want my name on it.
I'm gonna call it Winslow hyphen Stephanie.
Without giving a last name, what's the last initial?
S.
Okay.
Hmm, that's just nothing for us.
I just wanna make sure it wouldn't end up being like,
Winslow Williams.
If it was a...
Hey, Travis, what would have been the funny letter?
W.
Okay, W, okay, got it.
If it had been a boy, would they have named them?
I think Winslow's still on the table, if it's a boy.
Oh, okay.
I was gonna make a Carl Winslow joke,
but the construction of it would have been extremely tedious.
I will say, I recently watched a clip from the hit show,
Family Matters, and Reginald L. Johnson
delivered quite the performance
when challenging some real jerks.
And I'm down with it.
I shot a kid.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Carl Winslow never shot a kid that I can remember.
I shot a kid.
Still the best delivery of any line of movie history.
Sorry, that has nothing to do with what you've asked.
It's not the best name, but you know what?
I don't know what.
There wasn't an end to that sentence.
It's not the worst ever.
Does it change anything that they only wanna name her
Winslow so they can call her Winnie?
There's so many other shortcuts to that, though.
I know, that's what I told her.
They're thinking, why not just go with her Winnie?
Yeah.
That's what I said.
I swear to you, that's what I told her,
but she said, no, Winslow's prettier.
I'm gonna go with Winnebago hyphen Billabong.
Why?
You super don't.
Winslow, okay, if Winslow's prettier than Winnie,
guess what they shouldn't do?
Name her Winnie?
Correct.
Why would they call her Winnie
if they think Winslow is prettier?
That's okay, you caught on.
Also, does it change anything that her husband hates it?
Then hold on.
Then wait, that's not a good arrangement, then.
Yeah, it seems like something's broken down there.
He's kind of whipped, I don't know if that's okay.
Okay, okay, you've gone beyond our energies.
Then you've asked the wrong question.
The question you wanna ask is,
how do you get her husband to really step up
and shut this shit down?
It's, for under any other circumstances.
As per usual, Travis, you're right.
Yeah.
I hope that helped.
Did that help?
All right, cool.
Okay, who's gonna take Sandra's place?
Yeah, okay.
Hold on, wait, wait, wait.
We got a microphone coming down.
Oh, excellent, thank you.
Right there, perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Please don't wave your hands like that.
It's gonna give me a stroke.
Uh, uh, how about, yeah, you right in front.
Yeah, yeah.
You should show your shoulders.
Do you have a question or not?
Okay, then make your way through.
You got a long way to go.
I'm so sorry, you are surrounded by.
Anybody caught any good Pokemon in here?
Only drowsy?
Only fucking drowsy.
I caught a pretty good drowsy.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, guys.
What's your name?
Connor.
Hi, Connor.
How are you?
Good.
Pretty good.
Still?
Pay attention, Connor.
I just said how I was doing.
All right.
Two minutes ago.
So, funny story.
I just got married yesterday.
Holy shit.
Hilarious.
Hey, hey, Connor.
Are you on your funny moon?
Ah.
Good one.
How dare you?
So, my question for you guys is,
all three of you are very happily married.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
And I wanted to know, did you have, you know,
any advice for newlyweds?
Like, when you guys kind of made that transition
from, you know, partners to actually married couple.
Like, did anything change?
No.
Taxes get pretty cool.
Shit.
Here's the thing I'd say.
This is the best advice I ever got about being married.
Treat the whole marriage like it's a 60-40 relationship
and both of you treat it that way.
And you do 60 and let them do 40.
Because if you treat it 60-40, both of you,
you are always trying to take that next step.
And you're always trying to get that one thing
to help that person through,
to let them relax a little bit.
And if you take it 60-40, and both of you do,
and really commit to it, you're gonna be married.
That's 200% then.
Oh, yeah.
Listen, if Justin's gonna go to legitimate,
I'm gonna go legitimate.
Yeah.
The answer is, for me, that the difference between
marriage.
You've been married longer.
I've been married longer.
It's not a big deal.
I believe it.
The difference between a marriage and dating
or anything you've done before now to you now.
I would say, I wouldn't say marriage.
Because expanding that widely to like,
long-term commitment.
The difference between a long-term commitment
is that you gotta play it long-term.
And so right now, if there's something that comes up,
you need to address it right away.
Because what you're doing is you're building
a building over time.
And so you need to go brick by brick,
build a strong foundation, and every moment
is an opportunity to strengthen your relationship.
Because if you're committed to making it last
for a long time, you need to make it structurally sound.
And that only comes from being open and honest
with each other and saying how you feel in that moment.
Because anything you hold back, any frustration
you don't share.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you have Pokemon Go open
on your fucking phone right now while you're doing this.
I do.
It's not a goof.
I'm not gonna miss out on some Gastlys.
Listen, if you need to catch another Drowzee.
Wait, I'm done, sorry, there's a Pokemon in here.
Yeah, if you need to catch another Drowzee,
that's fine, go for it.
I said that, Griffin, do you have anything to add?
I said that is going to be funnier or better
than the things that have already been said.
Okay, thank you, Connor.
Thank you, Connor.
Congratulations, by the way, that's fantastic.
Hey.
Okay.
I'm sorry, there's somebody that's been waving
their arms so furiously back there.
Yes, guy with two hands up.
Yes, come on, guy with two hands.
You've earned it.
And he's jogging too, this is awesome.
Hi.
Hi, thank y'all, my name is John Paul from Nashville.
John Paul!
You were here last night, right?
So, y'all have inspired me to start my own
hobby business called HauntedComputers.com.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yes.
And I have a, well, yes, sir.
Okay, I'm sorry, I hate to stop you.
Put your phone away.
I'm done, I'm done, I'm done.
You gotta stop catching Pokemon.
I'm done, I'm done.
I may need your, okay.
Sorry, JP, go ahead.
Is JP cool, is that?
JP is great, softball coach.
How about JP?
Ah!
Fucking rules.
Glorious!
What's up?
Okay, keep going, I'm sorry.
I have a lot of friends who've expressed interest
in helping me with this project.
How do I evaluate their haunted computer skills?
How do I know who is gonna help me
in evaluating haunted computers?
Are they good at lying?
Now, hold on.
Wait, that's true, unless.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless.
Ghosts are real.
What if computer, okay, computers can do a lot of things.
Maybe ghosts?
I think a computer could do a ghost.
Yeah, what if you programmed a ghost?
Can I ask what qualifies as a haunted computer?
It's just one that has like all the porno viruses in it.
My practice is that it's a Venn diagram.
If you believe that you don't understand computers
and you believe in ghosts,
then you might have a haunted computer.
Okay, so if you're 85 years old,
every computer's haunted.
So what you're saying is you're setting up
a very predatory business,
and you want to figure out which of your friends
are qualified to do that.
Yes.
I assume that you guys might have a more intimate connection
with what might make a great cyber paranormal specialist.
Here's what you need to do.
You need to, in your interview with them,
at the very end,
reveal that you will not be charging customers
or paying them,
and anyone who sticks around is in it for the goof,
and you keep them.
Okay, okay.
Can I tell you something, though?
I would, depending on the price,
I would buy the fuck out of a haunted computer
and try to crack the code of the spirit within.
Me too, Griffin.
I would, I mean, I'm literally talking about
any computer that had Kazaa on it in 1998.
And it's still downloading.
Party of five.
Woo!
Did that help?
Tremendously.
Cool, cool.
Thank you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I want to keep a balance.
Can we get a woman,
or transitional, or non-binary?
Right there, Stripes.
Anybody, yes.
Stripes, Stripes, Stripes, Stripes, come on down.
You can do it.
It's a long road, but you got it.
Okay, take what, actually?
Stripes, start making your way over.
You're next.
And we'll get somebody from over here.
Oh, you're in the queue.
Right there with the glasses.
Glasses.
Yes, yes, yes.
Come on down.
And then Stripes.
And then Stripes.
Stripes, you got this next.
Put your coat on.
I like to reduce people to one description.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
My name is Hani.
Hi, Hani.
I'm here to say,
I love Fruity Pebbles in a major way.
Oh, ho, ho, I'm hungry, Santa, my Pebbles, your Pebbles,
it's the season to be sharing, friend.
Happy Holidays, pal.
Is that what you meant when you said we're gonna get wild?
That's so wild, it's weird.
That was fucking weird.
Thank you for answering my question.
Hi, yeah, thank you.
You're welcome.
No, what's your question?
Hey, my question is,
how did that feel?
How did that feel?
How did that feel?
How did that feel?
My question is, how did that fucking Christmas
Fruity Pebbles jingle go?
Hi.
Hi.
Okay.
Sorry, what was your name?
Hani.
Hani, Jesus.
Sorry.
What's up?
So, I have an extremely cute dog that lives with my parents.
He's our family dog.
And whenever me and my sister go home to visit our parents,
she hogs the dog.
She does not let me cuddle with him.
She calls him over whenever I'm playing with him.
She locks her door at night whenever he's sleeping on her bed.
So, what I want to know is, we are grown ass adults,
how do we share the dog?
Pocket full of bacon.
Pocket full of bacon.
And put in her pockets, mailman cologne.
Dog catcher perfume.
Do you have a kosher option?
Wait, you have dogs that keep kosher?
I don't know anything dogs like other than turds.
And I don't think you should put dog turds in your pocket.
That's me.
Oh, man.
I mean, turkey bacon is the obvious answer.
It's just, is it funny?
See, that's what we have to worry about up here,
that you out there, you just shout whatever.
Okay, you need to show up next time with an identical dog.
And then swap them around and put them back down
and tell her she can have one of them.
That's kind of like the wisdom of Solomon, but double and not.
So, you don't have to cut anything in half.
That's my baby, that's my baby.
Well, here's two babies.
All right.
Cool, cool.
Yeah, Solomon, you're wise as fuck.
That's way smarter, Solomon, than cutting a stupid baby in half.
I'm going to cut both babies in half.
Fuck it, get ten babies in here, I'm cutting them all up.
No, Solomon.
No, no, no.
That is decidedly unwise.
Not against, Solomon.
We got babies coming out the ears here.
You want a baby, I'll get you a baby.
That's crazy Solomon's house of babies.
I'll get you three and a half babies from seven different babies.
Solomon, no.
Bad credit, no credit, it doesn't matter.
I'm going to get you a...
We're sending a half a baby home with you.
Listen, the price is going to grow up and the kids are going to grow up.
So, you need to get into one of these babies, not in a baby.
I mean get a baby in, like get a...
Hey, um...
Try my best.
Do you have to pee?
I do.
Great.
Do you...
Who loves the dog more?
That's the real question and I don't want to put you on the spot.
Who loves the dog more?
Yeah.
I do.
Okay.
If they were here, would they say the same thing though?
She's not here, so...
Oh, that's a good point.
So, you know what?
Fuck her.
You know what?
Seriously, if you really care about this dog, the important thing is that that dog is being
cared and loved for.
That is wrong.
As a dog owner, the important thing is you get the face licks.
I'm expecting a dynamic rescue where she closes the door, you kick that shit in, you take
that dog out, and then, I don't know, a smoke bomb or something, you and the dog are never
seen again.
You go live in a Wahaneho.
A what?
Is that where they go in Shawshank Redemption?
Does that answer the question?
Perfecto.
Great.
Glad we could help Stripes.
Stripes, Stripes, Stripes, Stripes.
Hi.
Hi.
What's your name?
Hi, I'm Tiffany.
What if you had been like, it is actually Stripes.
Stripes.
Stripes.
No, that's totally fine.
Named that for my grandmother.
Perfect.
I feel the heritage.
So, I was wondering, so two-thirds of you move a lot.
Yes.
And I was wondering, how are you guys like cool when you move?
I've moved eight times in the last eight years.
True.
How do you make friends?
Oh, man.
I left.
You have friends like Griffin.
You have a friend named Pop Tart, right?
That's a horse.
I met a mini-donk once that was named Pop Tart.
Dope, for sure.
I will say this.
It was fucking legendary.
It was a legend.
I didn't make friends the first time I moved to beautiful Batavia, Ohio because Travis
and I were the only living human beings there.
Sure.
Everybody else there was like an animatronic mannequin and it turns out it was a real house
of wax situation.
Wow.
Okay.
Luckily, we got out of there with our skin still.
Some of us did.
So, I think it turned out okay.
And then in Chicago, basically same situation.
And then when I moved to Austin, I just had friends there already and built my friend
group out.
Having a foundation friend is really important because you can spiral out from that.
As long as they're like real salt of the earth, cool people.
What happens if I move from...
I'm from Phoenix and I moved to Portland, Maine.
There you go.
You need to take a listen from...
Wait, wait, wait.
Seriously.
Any Portland, Maine people out here?
Raise your hand.
Up there.
There you go.
Okay.
There's like 30 people like...
Okay.
Okay.
Tonight, tweet with the bim bam Portland, Maine hashtag and we're going to get everybody
connected.
It's going to be good.
That's a good...
That's legit.
Hey, listen.
It is really... it's genuinely very, very hard and it seems like hopeless when you don't
have any friends.
Literally, all it takes is that first step, that first friend, that first place of like
putting yourself out there and like meeting a person who's also like in our day and age,
like everybody's moving around all the time and doesn't have like a lot of friends and
so everybody's kind...
There are lots of people in your position that are also looking for people like you
to be friends with and start a friend group.
I got one.
I brought her.
Okay.
So...
Hi.
Yeah.
What's her name?
Yeah.
Her name's Swathi.
Hey, Swathi.
What's up?
You should also take a lesson...
Hi.
You should also take a lesson from five-year-olds, which is if you ever see five-year-olds make
friends, they make friends like this.
I want to be your friend now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because I think as you get older as an adult, you get very self-conscious telling people
you want to be their friends, but if you have a good conversation with someone at a thing,
tell them you want to be friends.
I wish the hell somebody would say that to me.
You know, I don't move.
I only got one friend.
It's my dear friend Dwight Slab.
He co-hosts the things I bought at Sheetz.
That's it.
I have other friends, but he's the only one I do a hit web series with, so...
It's cool, though, because it's a pretty dope web series.
It's a good web series.
I'll also say one last thing.
Download the application Pokemon Go on your cell phone, because I was at Starbucks the
other day and I was just having my breakfast sandwich and I was just catching my Nidorans
and this dude walked up and he was just like, hey, you doing any good gym battles lately?
And I was like, yeah, and then I nervously looked back down at my computer.
So as long as you don't get a Griffin, you're going to be fine.
You're going to be great.
That's actually how we're friends.
You are the best Pokemon Goer that there is.
She's putting you on blast.
What's up, Stripes?
What do you got?
Does that help at all?
Yeah.
No, that totally...
Hell yeah.
Let's do one more.
One more?
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
We have somebody pointing to somebody else who's pointing at themselves, yeah, in the
back right corner there.
Yeah, you.
Yeah, you.
You jumping up and down.
Yes.
Yeah, you won.
Come on down.
Somebody's just screaming like, no, no.
I'm sorry.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
What's your name?
Britney, but I'm also known as Slick Tracy.
I play for Boston Roller Derby and we just won our game, so yeah.
Yeah.
Who'd you beat, who'd you beat?
We beat the Harbor Horrors.
Okay.
Okay.
There's actually no way for us to respond to that.
We're the Wicked Pissas.
Yeah.
Very good.
What is your question?
It's not how do I roller derby good, because that's not...
It's not.
No, it's not.
Okay, good.
I'm actually curious since you're all married.
I got engaged a few months ago.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Big fans.
I'm just curious if you have any advice for wedding planning, because it's a daunting
task.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Yeah, don't do it.
Just fucking show up.
That's 90% of wedding planning is just showing up.
Make it like a puzzle room, an escape room.
Have someone else plan it and you got to figure out what's going on.
Or make the wedding like an escape puzzle room.
Everybody shut up and let me figure out how that would work.
You would need 100 rooms.
That sounds expensive.
Yeah.
Let us finish.
It will be expensive.
You will also need to employ 100 discrete puzzle masters.
And I mean discrete in both senses of the word discrete.
If you and your betrothed are not the first two people to escape-
It was not meant to be.
Then the first two people to escape have to get married, high stakes.
High stakes.
You got to make it the first couple has to get married, second couple has to get a little
married.
The first couple has to get barely married.
That's it.
Fuck.
I had it in my grasp.
Let me ask you a question.
Think in your sphere of people you know and love and trust.
Is there one person that presumably it's not any of them.
They're here.
Okay, cool.
Hey.
Think of the whole sphere of people you know and love and trust.
Is there one amongst them who would like really, really get into planning a wedding?
Me.
Yeah.
Okay.
But like we were trying to offload.
Oh.
My mom but she lives in Seattle.
Period.
I don't want to hear any more.
Chosen person.
Chosen person.
It just became your mom's problem and then do what I do, show up to your wedding and
be like this is beautiful.
Everybody did a great job.
I didn't help.
No.
You did a bad job.
You also want to make sure like balance however you want to do that.
If you feel like you want to take control of it a little bit more, make sure you tell
your betrothed that so that they know where they stand.
Why do we keep saying the betrothed over and over again?
You said it first.
Hey, listen.
I will tell you one practical tip.
If you're going to hire a DJ, make sure you pick the playlist before you get it.
Oh, my God.
100%.
Fuck yes.
I know.
Let them go hog on it.
I had the wedding DJ at my wedding attempt to close the wedding.
With first Frank Sinatra's Love and Marriage.
You know, the theme song to Married with Children.
And then he tried to, I shit you not, tried to wrap the whole shindig up with Garth Brooks'
The Dance.
Holy shit.
I just put a nice bow on it.
Did you apologize to Sydney?
Yeah, but it was just the two of us there at that point, so it was fine.
Because everyone left at Love and Marriage.
Right.
I went to a wedding once where somebody played an Elvis Presley medley.
No, dawg.
Nobody wants this.
If you're playing a medley of any sort, here's something y'all are going to dance to, nine
different songs in three minutes.
No, wrong.
Incorrect.
False.
Uh, yeah.
But if they will do, play Soul Man and do a Blues Brothers thing, that's always a big
deal.
I used to have to do that at the Pub Family Fun Center.
It was great.
It was good.
How did we do?
How did we do?
Great.
You're invited.
Yay!
I think that's going to do it for us.
Thank you all so much, Boston.
You've been so good.
It's been so cool.
Can we kill the house lights?
I don't want to look at them while I thank them for their kindness.
Dismiss them.
So like we mentioned, there's going to be posters after the show, but it's very limited
so we don't even know if there's any left.
Maybe.
I don't know if they sold out of them.
Yeah.
We fucked up the poster situation last night.
Did not print enough.
Who was here last night for Adventure Zone?
Okay, so fucking everybody then.
We would ask just to throw it out there.
If you bought a poster last night, leave some for the rest of the people.
Unless as you're leaving, there are some.
We don't want to take it.
Okay.
I have a flow chart.
We sold, we signed all the posters backstage before we put them out there and we were talking
backstage and cannot imagine a sadder situation than us walking back to our hotel carrying
a bunch of signed posters that nobody bought.
So please buy them.
Please buy them.
Don't make us face that reality.
On a sincere note, we will not be doing a live show for a while and I have to say sincerely,
the two crowds at the Wilbur Theater here in Boston have been the loudest and best ever.
Seriously, the fucking best.
I promise, I'll say this right now, hand to God, we will come back to Boston in this exact
theater because this has been the best ever.
That's what I will also say, it's just the people here at the Wilbur have also been just
amazing to work with.
Amazing.
Thank you so much to Kelsey.
She's our tour manager for these two shows and has been so amazingly helpful.
So thank you, Kelsey.
You're the best.
Thank you to Rachel, my wife, and Teresa.
Oh, and my own wife, thank you very much.
Thank you, Teresa.
Thank you to Sawbones.
Thank you to Sawbones.
This is featuring Sidney McElroy.
Thank you to Riley and Clint for the intros for the evening.
Thank you to Riley, Smurl, and Clint McElroy, another big hand for them.
Thank you to Billions.
Billions booked these two shows for us.
We would not be here without them.
Thank you to Sean Roderick and the Long Winter Shoes for their song.
Thanks to all the singers that's been part of it today.
And mostly, thank you.
Yeah, thank you all.
Thank you, mostly, at all.
Now listen, if you never listen to my brother more than me, you may not know, but every
episode Griffin leaves us with a single Yahoo Answer that we think about, talk about, and
then come back the next week and discuss.
And Griffin, what is it going to be this week?
This one was sent in by Dana Scarborough.
Thank you, Dana.
And it's by Yahoo Answers.
You hear?
Nope.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry, something has gone wrong.
one was also sting what the fuck sting asks again what does David spade mean to
you my brother my brother and me kiss your dad square on the lips maximum fun
or comedy and culture artists don't listeners supported the three of you into
a cave of a big red dragon and is standing over a hoard of precious golden
rubies and he says what do you do adventures I'm a dragon man I cast fire
on him it's very good I address the red dragon to say us we're the hosts of the
adventure zone a podcast about family playing Dungeons and Dragons very good
synergy commit to the bit I I rolled the charm new listeners it is very effective
against all odds everybody where the macro is we host the adventure zones a
podcast where we played Dungeons and Dragons together it's a comedy podcast
we don't take the rules too seriously because there's a lot of them and we did
not take the time to learn them maybe listen to us we come out every other
Thursday on the maximum fun network you can find us on iTunes or on maximum fun
dot org I think this promo is a critical hit
