The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm
your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother. I've just been handed this,
Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin.
He's Griffin, I'm Justin, and this is How We Do It. This is a holiday special in the sense that
it is mid-December. Fair, and the holidays are here again, and we wanted to share with you some
of our holiday recommendations, ways that you can make it really special, specific to different
holidays. I want to talk about my favorite holiday movies, Justin.
Okay, what are they, Travis?
I like the one-
I want to talk about my favorite Christmas cookies.
This is a sub-bracket. This is a sub-bracket within the kind of a carrot.
Okay, Griffin, you go, and then we'll slingshot back up.
You've heard of Elf on a Shelf. Well, what about Dilf on a Shilf?
How is that a cookie?
Oh, no, I changed it again.
Damn it.
The subject. We can't get through a complete holiday thought this episode, Travis. You know the rules.
I want to talk about my favorite holiday sweaters.
Okay, Travis, what's your favorite holiday sweater?
I like the fuzzy ones.
Okay, listener, now, if you looked at your touch-tone phone, you can press 1 if you want
to hear a bit about movies, press 2 if you want to hear the sweater thing,
and press 3 if you want to talk about cookies.
Oh, they've chosen movies. Okay, my favorite movies is the one where the birch log is crackling,
and you can see a couple of the stockings hanging, and it goes for about an hour.
I love that. Chevy Chase is so funny. I like the one where it's a fireplace,
but it has not been enkindled, and there's an okay dad, and he's in the fireplace trying to fix it,
and it's an hour of him just sort of clanging around, and there's long stretches where you just
kind of see his jeans, and it looks like he's laying perfectly still in there for 15 minutes,
just because he's too ashamed to come out and get on Google, and maybe actually he
likes it in there. It's quiet. In the fireplace? He likes it in the fireplace? It's quiet.
He's standing up in the chimney. It's a big chimney at this point. He's up in it.
I like the one where it's the people renting an Airbnb, and they light a fire in the fireplace
because it's the holidays, but they don't realize that the flu was closed years and years ago,
and so the house fills with smoke, and they end up having to call the fire department.
The fire department comes and puts it out, and then they have to pay for smoke damages to the
house. And then Kirk Cameron shows up and saves everyone with his face. Yeah, and he just keeps
yelling, fireproof! Yeah, it's pretty good. I like the one where it's a family watching a video
of the Christmas log, but the family looks nicer than your family. I mean, this is a hot family.
Yeah, they've got it going on. Is that the one where it looks like you're looking through the
window at them? Yeah, that's a good one. I like the one where it's a family, but they're not
watching the fireplace. It's just lit behind them. They have turned to face you, and they stare right
at you for one hour in complete silence. I like the one that's exactly like that,
but they're talking to each other instead of looking at the fireplace, and I'm just screaming
at the screen. Come on! Look at that beautiful fireplace, y'all. You're missing the best show
on Earth. I like the one where it's kind of like that, and I'm looking into their window,
watching them watch a fire and talk to each other, and then I show up in it, but it's like a slightly
better looking me who looks happy and more successful than I am, and then I slowly fade
away in real life. Oh, fascinating. Yeah, I like that one a lot. I like the one where a family of
fires watches a box of human flesh. Just sort of jibbling and gurgling around. I like Evil Dead 2.
Oh, okay. And another thing. I don't want to get off on a tangent, but I couldn't get through the
series. I don't know. It wasn't the same. So this is our advice show. No, it's a holiday special.
Our next episode is explicitly going to be our holiday special, so I don't know what this is.
This one's special because of how non-holiday themed it's going to seem.
The episode you heard last Monday was recorded that Monday. This episode is recorded the Wednesday
after that. So right now, I don't think my brothers are very funny, but no, it's not you.
I also don't think I'm funny. It's just like I should be doing yard work. That's what my human
body right now is built for, is yard work. You know, just like a grownup sort of yard business.
Yeah, we got all the wiggles out.
Yeah, I can't. Travis is right. I can't be silly right now.
And you all want me to be silly right now? I've got hedges to trim.
Yeah, our parents took us to the kids' museum.
Yeah, Justin, fucking grip it and rip it, baby. Slop that down, dude. Shit,
yeah, dude. Crack one for the big boy. Fuck, yeah, dude.
Yeah, let the big dog hunt.
Let the big dog out, dude, and cram it, dude. Shit, yeah.
Come on. Growl, big dog.
Justin, if you would just open those before we started recording,
this wouldn't have to be an ongoing segment.
Okay, here's a real thing.
I don't want to talk about it. I just fainted.
Wait.
I just fainted for a second.
From that. While I was laughing, I fainted. What do you guys think about that?
Well, we talked about this two episodes ago, and now it's come to pass.
Fucking, I know, dude, goosebumps.
That is my favorite episode of Goosebumps.
It becomes real in real life. Goosebumps.
Yeah.
We did a podcast about it, and then it became real in real life Goosebumps.
That's actually what RL stands for, is real life Stein.
Not a lot of people know that.
Juice, it's probably not great.
You should-
It's fine, but it's fun though. I'm having fun with my brothers,
and I'm sitting in a comfortable chair. It's fine.
Yeah, it's fine and fun.
And listen, if this causes Justin to die,
he'll die doing what he loves, thinking I'm really funny.
Great jokes, yeah.
Having great jokes. It wasn't even a joke. It was just you observing the fact that I
cracked open a refreshing Pepsi Zero Sugar.
Yeah, dog.
I go to an art university, and we usually have critiques where we talk about our works at the
end of the semester. One of my professors, who is really nice, usually brings in some
cookies he made for the critiques. However, the cookies have a large nut in them and love them,
and I do not like eating them, but I do enjoy the cookie parts.
I tried to pick out the nut, but the cookies made in such a way that it basically exploded
into powder in my hands if I do so. What do I do, brothers? Do I eat around the nut
and throw it away when no one's looking? Do I decline the cookie even though I like eating
them? I don't want to be rude and decline the cookies that he has made. That's from Cookie
Conundrum.
That's art, isn't it?
What?
This is art. This could be art.
This could be an art piece.
This is an art piece, and it's talking about how we all have...
We all sort of put out a good energy, a positive energy, but inside, we're all a little nuts,
aren't we?
Oh!
That could be sort of what it's saying. Regardless, it is a food crime, what they've done. Nobody
wants to be eating something and then change what they're eating to include one big nut.
Correct.
Do you know what I'm...
Yes.
Right.
No matter how much you love nuts, and please don't tweet at me about how much you love nuts,
I'm saying that you hit the middle and there's a little jelly in there, amazing. You hit
the middle, there's a little chocolate kiss, amazing. You hit the middle and there's a
nut?
There's one big nut, and you chop the nut up and mix it in. Okay, now I'm eating a
nut cookie. I'm not eating a nut at the same time as the cookie. Do you know what I mean?
Nobody wants this.
A nut?
A whole nut?
A nut? Now, here's what you could do. You could take a little bit after one of the greatest
artists of all time, Bob Ross, and adopt yourself a pet squirrel. Bring that pet squirrel with
you. You eat the cookie. You hand that squirrel the nut. That's a treat for both of you.
That's good.
And a fun affectation.
That's why Bob had it.
Yep. Bob hated nuts.
This professor's bringing in cookies for critique. Maybe they should get in on the fun. In the
spirit of critique, I'd like to give you some mild feedback on your cookies.
Yeah?
The cookie parts we're all wild about, but I talked to our entire class, had a meeting.
Oh, oh, oh, okay. Go to them and say our entire class had a discussion. You must do this in
private. Our entire class had a discussion and I've been nominated to be the spokesperson.
We don't like your whack cookies, except all of it. We do like, but the nut part, got to
go, Kiyosabe. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Where did you even find a nut that huge?
Because no one wants it.
But the problem with that, Justin, is if you're critiquing the cookie with the nut the same
way one might critique a painting, it's basically what you're saying is, I really love the frame
around it, but right there in the center where you put paint, I hate that part. I like the
cookie that frames the nut, you see.
You're being so obtuse, Travis. That's absolutely not the same thing.
Is the nut not the paint in this nut where he's taken cookie and he's put his spin on
it with nut?
It really is kind of like an inversion of what you just said, Travis, because the art
is the cookie and then the frame is in the middle. That is as wild, like if a painting
did that, that is what this teacher has done.
Y'all, that would be good art right there.
It's just some thin paint around a big thing of wood and you'd be like, I flipped them.
What do you think about this?
Does this mean something?
Is this art for you?
I'm the first one to have flipped them.
I'm the first one to do that, so that's for sure art.
Nobody else has flipped them before.
I have a yahoo.
Did you guys hear about the banana art?
Yeah.
It's crazy, right?
What?
Thanks, Travis.
Yeah. Hey, I thought I was one-twoing your joke, big dog.
Banana art.
Yeah, I heard about this.
Let's see what Justin goes through.
Everybody buckle up.
Justin's about to make an observation.
When someone asks a question about have you heard of something, saying yes kills the-
I'm saying it's the end of it.
Yes, I've heard of it and I can't wait to hear your humorous observation about the banana,
Justin.
The implication is yes, I've heard of it and there's no reason for you to recap it.
So we can't actually summon-
Griffin hasn't heard about it.
I got your back.
Hey, Griffin, you gotta hear what Justin's about to say.
It's so funny and-
Oh, about the banana art?
I'm already aware.
Please go on because the third party in this group doesn't know about the banana art.
Artist in Miami got a banana.
He taped it to a wall and he priced it at $120,000.
This is excellent.
We're all agreed.
That is good.
It's art, right?
Yeah, that's art.
Then another cat came in and he ate the extremely expensive art banana off the wall.
And his quote when he said it is,
Maurizio, it's a good banana-
That's the artist's name.
Maurizio, it's a good banana, I have to say.
I don't know if that was part-
Okay, so here's a wild thing.
The second guy who ate the banana is a performance artist and he ate the original art.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Because I don't think you're allowed to just make your art around a different art.
Like, can you eat something else art to say that's art now?
I just farted on Starry Night.
So now who's the artist?
Not you?
I just did a big punch through water lilies, so-
That's something.
That's something.
That's art.
That's art.
I have a Yahoo that was sent in by like 50 different people.
Thanks, everyone.
It's Yahoo Answers user Jah who asks,
is dirt a spice?
Huh?
Is dirt, comma, a spice?
You know how all spices come from the ground?
Well, so does dirt.
I don't see why we're not using it to season our food.
I mean, I guess in a very broad sense, all spice comes from the ground
because, like, it grows on plants, a lot of it, which comes out of the ground, I suppose.
Yeah, dirt's just a, you know, bed for a plant.
But a strong case could be made that salt is dirt.
Salt is rock, right?
Yeah, it's like a little rock.
I mean, dirt is just small rock, right?
You lost me there, Trav.
There you didn't get me.
Dirt is just ground up rock.
I think it's different stuff.
I think dirt is just really ground up rock.
Are you sure?
Hey, I'm not sure, Griffin, but I don't see why it wouldn't be.
Well, shit, hold up.
What else would it be?
Ground up tree?
It's probably ground up tree and plant.
I mean, it's probably a combination of a lot of things.
I'm just saying that there's probably some ground up rock in there.
I'm just saying there was somebody who got this crunchy white stuff
and put it on some chips in caveman days and ate it and was like,
that one is a spice.
Yeah, keep going with that.
Grand announcement.
This one is a spice, but then they got-
The white hard dirt, that's spice.
That's spice.
That one's spice.
Let me try this red flower.
Grind that up.
Ooh, it hurt my mouth.
That one's spice too, I decided.
That's what I'm calling it, spice too.
It's the second spice.
Now let me get some of this brown stuff on my chips.
Mmm, not a spice.
Unfortunately, not a spice.
Okay, but let me, I'm going to complicate this.
If you have a big pile of dirt, right?
And then you dump a jar of cinnamon into it and then you stir it all up.
You don't say that you have dirt and cinnamon.
You have dirt, right?
Like you just have more different spicy dirt.
That is true.
Like it just has to become dirt.
When reintegrated into dirt, it's dirt.
Well, how much dirt would I have to put in the cinnamon jar
before it stops being cinnamon juice?
I was about to say one to one, but that's not true, right?
Like there, I think that there would be, what is the-
I could put a little bit of dirt and some cinnamon
and I think I would still eat the cinnamon if pressed.
Right.
Right?
Like, but what is the amount?
Oh, this is a fun game.
Is how dirty just would it have to be for you to not want it anymore?
It helps because the visual of cinnamon blends in.
Whereas if this was like very fine, yes.
If this was fine salt and you threw some like really dark dirt in there,
I'm like, oh, I can see it.
That's gross.
Umami is all the rage.
Thanks.
It's all the rage right now.
It's just dirt.
People don't like sour.
People don't like sweet.
Spicy hurts our tongue now and everybody wants to talk about umami.
And so they're doing, they're trying the fish and squishing mushrooms.
They're making the hamburgers.
They're making the hamburgers.
They spin of the pizza and they're making it so umami.
It's really a matter of time, right?
Before we just scoop up scoop fulls of this brown ground up tree stuff.
That's my new flavor.
Ew, daddy.
And it's just gross.
And it's a gross flavor.
You have sour, you got sweet.
You got, I don't know, the other ones.
And then you have savory and the umami.
I mean, you have gross and you call it ew, daddy.
That's a good point, Travis.
You don't say, like, if I eat something really raunchy,
I don't say it's like sour or sweet.
I just say, like, ugh, it sucks.
Yeah, this is a really gross flavor.
Ew, daddy.
Why can't gross be a flavor, right?
Right, yeah.
Nobody's like, oh, I accidentally ate goat barf.
It could have used more sugar.
It's like, that is irredeemable.
It has a new term, which is ew, daddy.
Okay, all right, it begs the question.
If you have, let's say, goat barf, right?
And you have goat barf and it's fucking repellent.
The fact that you don't assign a flavor,
if you assign any flavor to it,
the implication is that with an addition
of enough other flavors, it could be good.
It's like, it's, oh, it's bitter.
Well, if you add some sugar and salt and sour,
maybe it'd be good then.
No, it's not, because it's not any of the flavors.
It's ew, daddy.
It's ew, daddy.
No.
Ew, daddy.
You serve up goat barf on Top Chef,
Tom Colicchio would be like,
did you taste this before you sent it out?
And you'd have to be like, no, Tom, you fucking pervert.
It's fucking foul.
Hey, Justin, did you taste the back of this
Nintendo Switch cartridge before you brought it out?
Because it's ew, daddy.
Thank you, that's what I was going for.
That would be good, because then when someone's like,
this food is gross, you'd be like, yes, got them.
Got them, did it.
How do I-
Welcome to my themed garbage pail kids restaurant.
How do I get people to notice that I'm great at Sudoku?
It's like they don't even care.
That's from Dean from Ohio.
I care, Dean.
We all care, Dean.
Here's the thing, right?
There are many skills.
The world is unfair, because, oh, somebody runs so fast?
Super cool.
Everybody loves that.
Oh, they're so, I do a Sudoku real fast?
Nothing.
No one's taking my picture to put on a magazine or whatever.
I've been struggling with this lately,
because I'm getting good at Rubik's Cubes,
and I have them littered all around my home.
I have noticed that.
And the problem is, it's very hard.
So here's the way you could tell.
There's limited ways you can communicate
that you're getting pretty good at the Rubik's Cube.
Here's a list of them, because I researched this thoroughly.
At this point, one, say it on a podcast.
No one cares.
Two, leave unsolved Rubik's Cubes around your home,
and then when someone is nearby,
you begin solving it and just hope to fucking God
that they somehow can maintain attention
on you solving the Rubik's Cube
for long enough for you to get to the solution.
Because if they look over and you just have
a solved Rubik's Cube in your hand, who gives a shit?
Maybe it was solved before.
They have to be there for the process,
and no one wants to watch it.
But at least then, Justin, you have the benefit
of easy color.
You can look at a Rubik's Cube
and see if it's correctly solved or not.
Whereas if you slam a Sudoku in 45 seconds,
you can hold it up and say, I did it.
And unless that person wants to check your math
and make sure that all the numbers are in the correct spot,
they don't give two shits.
It doesn't matter, even if you did it in one second.
If I was sitting next to you on the plane
and you popped out your number two pencil
and got out the hard Sudoku from the Washington Post
and you cleared your throat super loud
so that I had to look over at you,
and I watched you solve the Sudoku
in one and a half seconds, and you hold it up
and be like, holy shit, did you see that?
I would be like, yeah, it's a child's number game.
I guess you solved the child's number game.
I have so much of my own shit going on
in my own head right now
that it's hard for me to get excited, Justin,
about your child's color shape
that you like to twist and spin
because I have sort of other more engaging,
important stuff going on.
And by me, I mean us, all of us, the rest of us.
But people like to celebrate when people are good
at the child's ball throwing game
or the child's ball kicking game.
Why can't we be good at child's paper games?
Because those are badass and cool to see.
What if I did a Sudoku in a really cool way?
Not fucking possible.
I'm doing it on my bicycle, no hands on the handlebar
because they're busy with the number two pencil.
It's reckless.
It's reckless.
That's just reckless.
Yeah, now I'm the bad boy Sudoku.
Travis, it is such an honor to have you
on the show, the bad boy Sudoku, the Sudoku world.
Fuck you.
He, of course, remember Travis as the one who,
when an opponent wasn't looking,
reached in and wrote blue in one of the squares
and they fucking brought the entire convention to its knees.
It was a scandal writ large.
Yep.
And I remember that one time you leaned over
to Kenny Numberman and bit his nose,
cleaned the hell off his face.
I do regret that because it turned out
we weren't even competing at that point.
No, you were on a ski lift.
You guys were going on a ski trip together.
And I bit his nose off.
I thought there was a bug on it.
That was pretty cool, man.
Thank you.
I remember when you brought a six pack of Coors
to my grandpapa's funeral.
I also regret that.
I did appreciate how you put two Sudoku puzzles,
one on each of his eyes while you sent him on his way
across the River Styx.
Well, the family paid me for that.
You never think about that.
The ferryman every once in a while is like,
I got so many fucking coins, y'all.
I'm good.
Please send a Sudoku puzzle.
Please send a Sudoku puzzle.
It's so boring here.
I just go back and forth on the river.
Send a Sudoku.
It's not a good puzzle.
Well, you don't think the Sudoku is a good puzzle?
No.
It's quite a brain teaser.
Would you rather do riddles, Griffin?
Because we could do riddles.
Don't you fuck with me.
You know how they made a movie out of escape room,
a horror movie where the teens got trapped in escape room
and then they thought they were in the lobby,
but it turns out this is the escape room
and it is full of deadly traps.
And it was based on escape rooms.
Do you think they'll ever do that for Sudoku?
Yeah, I've actually been working on a script for Sudoku
and it's a university that teaches Sudoku
and things get pretty ribald.
That's funny.
Yeah, the six and the nine are always next to each other,
if you know what I mean.
Hell yeah, dude.
This is 69.
What's that?
It's a sex number.
Why is that?
It's because when you put them together,
it looks like the six and the nine
are orally pleasuring one another.
Do you see it now?
Look at it and squint like a magic eye.
You know how we're all just genitals
attached to one big mouth?
You get it.
Hey guys, 69 is nothing.
That doesn't look like that.
One person went, oh, a six and a nine together.
That looks like two people orally pleasuring each other
while curled up like a Sonic the Hedgehog.
And another person was like, yeah, it does.
Hey, guess what, gang?
It doesn't.
It wicked doesn't.
If you had a seven and an L maybe.
Maybe.
The other thing is you can't even do that.
Wait.
You can't even do it now.
It doesn't work.
Justin's right.
Where do the legs even go?
What do you do with your pants?
If I was to train 69 in the way that the numbers prescribed,
I would have to put like my wife's entire lower body
in my mouth.
What?
That's not-
Wait, is that-
Wait, is that not-
Oh shit, Trav.
We should go to the money zone.
Hey, I want to tell you about me undies.
Undies.
We always talk about getting me undies for yourself,
but you know what?
It's the time for others.
You need to think about putting clothes on other people's bodies.
Me undies makes a great gift for someone you care about
this holiday season.
And it's not just underwear.
They have all kinds of things.
You got comfy pants, t-shirts, robes, slippers,
all kinds of stuff, including a baby body suit.
Adorable.
And of course, all of their clothes are cozy.
And they have sizes XS through 4XL.
And it's three times softer than cotton.
You know it is.
So you're going to want to check it out.
And you can get 15% off your first pair free shipping
and 100% satisfaction guarantee if you go to meundies.com
slash my brother, that's meundies.com slash my brother.
Going to the post office is hell.
Okay.
Especially this time of year.
It can be really, the holidays are tough on everybody
and mostly because of how much you have to go to the post office.
Which is to be fair, that's also true of going outside
anywhere at all ever.
That's fair, Travis.
Stamps.com is going to save you from having to go to post office
and save you the money that you would have spent on things
at post office because they've got discounts,
the Stamps.com people do.
You use your computer, you'll print official US postage 24-7.
That's right.
Once you start, you will be printing postage
every waking moment of your life for any letter, any package,
any class of mail, anywhere you want to send things.
But it's worth it.
It's worth it.
It's a new lifestyle.
This is a lifestyle brand, Stamps.com.
Once your mail is ready, you just hand it to your mail carrier
or you drop it in a mailbox.
It's no wonder over 700,000 small businesses
already use Stamps.com and folks, that's basically a million.
Don't spend a minute of your holiday season
at the post office this year.
Sign up for Stamps.com instead.
There's no risk with our promo code, my brother.
You get a, no, you know what?
The copy says my promo code.
This one's mine.
With my personal promo code, my brother,
you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial
plus free postage and a digital scale,
no long-term commitments or contracts.
Just go to Stamps.com, click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage and type in my brother.
All one word.
That's Stamps.com.
Enter my brother, Stamps.com.
Never go to the post office again.
Have you ever watched a movie so bad
you just needed to talk to somebody about it?
Well, here at the Flophouse, we watch a bad movie
and then talk about it.
Yeah, you don't have to do anything.
We'll watch it and we'll talk it.
We do the hard work.
Featuring the beautiful vocal talents of Dan McCoy.
Stuart Wellington.
And me, America's Rascal, Elliot Kalin.
New episodes every other Saturday at MaximumFun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts, dude.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
I want to munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Squad.
Hello, welcome to Munch Squad.
It's podcast after podcast about the latest
and greatest in brand eating.
I have, if it so please the court, I just have a couple.
Two to three that I'd love to get through.
Because I don't want a new year to begin
and still have stuff on my desk that I have to clear off.
Is that OK with everybody?
Edible.
This is our sub-segment of Munch Squad.
It's our CBD update, which I've decided
to start calling CBD's nuts.
Oh, I get it.
Welcome to the party Edible Arrangements.
The world's largest franchiser of fresh fruit arrangements
has officially debuted a new Incredible Edibles hemp
derived CBD product line, including smoothies
and chocolate dipped fruit.
It's from Incredible Edibles, a company which
focuses on supplying CBD with traceability and authenticity
from the hemp farm to the finished product.
That's right, folks.
Farm to smoothie CBD.
We've finally fucking done it.
Quote from Tariq Freed, the founder and CEO
of Edible Arrangements.
Consumers are showing an increasing demand
for CBD products.
And now is the perfect time for us
to make our mark on this flourishing industry.
We've always prided ourselves on our knack.
I just want to say, hey, good euphemism for cash in.
Yeah, we have always prided ourselves
on our knack for innovation.
And we continue to do so with the introduction
of new menu innovations for fresh and healthy alternatives.
In the case of Incredible Edible CBD products,
the alternative we now offer is high quality traceable CBD
with a focus on health, not high.
I'd like to go back to where it's
talking about increasing demand.
Am I to believe, Tariq, that at least one time
in human existence, someone blew into the doors
of an Edible Arrangements and just shouted,
like, I need this fruit to have CBD in it?
Hey, you said edible, right?
You want our chocolate dipped strawberries
to get you fucked up?
No, it's for health.
Not high.
OK.
Red Lobster has made a Cheddar Bay Biscuit sweater.
It's for the holidays.
And it's got little lobsters on it
and Cheddar Bay Biscuits on it.
And it's got a special insulated pocket
to help keep your Cheddar Bay Biscuits warm.
To help steal your Cheddar Bay Biscuits, we should be clear.
Yes.
How big?
Hey, Juice, how big a pocket we talking?
It says, they're kept warm to perfect.
I'm looking at a picture of a woman
with four biscuits in her sweater pocket.
Fuck yeah.
That's good.
That's good.
I was worried it would just be a single serve.
For those looking to turn heads at their office party,
I think that you would turn heads in this sweater,
but you'd turn them back and forth in kind of a sad way.
You know?
You would oscillate heads.
Right.
Those looking to oscillate heads in a slow fashion
or give an unforgettable gift to a seafood-loving one.
It says, a seafood-loving loved one.
Just do it with the first draft on this one, huh?
Red Lobster, OK.
Our Cheddar Bay Biscuits, a good holiday sweater.
Originally, the copy said, a seafood-loved one.
And they're like, that doesn't seem right.
It's guaranteed to help holiday enthusiasts
slay S-L-E-I-G-H all season long.
I'm trying not to fill up before I get to my shrimp scampi
sweater that I also ordered.
So I'm going to pass on these.
That's fair enough.
It's $40.
You can buy it if you don't value your life.
Last one real quick.
And I want to say thank you to Robin for this one.
The Michael Jordan Steakhouse is offering a limited time Space
Jam menu.
Boy, if you're a die-hard Space Jam fan like many of us
in Chicago, you will be thrilled to hear
that Michael Jordan Steakhouse is offering limited time
Space Jam-inspired menu.
From now until April 13, 2020, you
can try a Space Jam-inspired meal during every Chicago Bulls
home game.
For anyone who's ever wanted to be like Mike,
this meal will take you back to the Michael Jordan days
and give anyone who tries it a feeling of nostalgia
and a chance to eat like Mike.
That would be a fucking wild, wild reaction to this meal.
The new item, titled Mike's Secret Stuff, is no joke.
It includes a Space Jam burger.
It consists of a 10-ounce beef patty that's
stacked with BBQ braised pork belly, dill
pickled, stout mustard, pickled onions,
and aged cheddar cheese.
What does that have to do with Space Jam?
Well, you eat it off of Wayne Knight's nude body.
If that's not enough for you, the menu,
how could it not be enough?
And the menu item also comes as a combo with hand-cut fries
and a Mike's Secret Stuff salted caramel milkshake.
Hey, Mike, what's your secret stuff?
Well, friend, it turns out it's fucking
salted caramel milkshakes.
Help me deliver on the b-ball court.
The FDA must have a law preventing anyone
from advertising, quote, secret stuff on their food menus.
Yes, because it can cover any number of sins.
What makes me mad is that they called the menu item, which
is a burger, Mike's Secret Stuff,
and then they called the milkshake Mike's Secret
Stuff.
Like, you were so close.
If you had just waited, you could have gotten it
into a drink form.
But no, you had to call the burger.
You can't just call them both Mike's Secret Stuff.
Michael Jordan was not beginning games
by eating a fucking cheeseburger.
Mike has a lot of secrets, Justin.
And then a milkshake to wash it down.
That's not how Mike began his games.
I just, I'm bothered by something
that seems so thematic that then once you peel one layer back,
has zero theme at all.
Like, you could put some fig jam on there.
And I would have been like, OK, done.
Now you're fucking talking.
But there's nothing.
I would sooner believe that Mike's Secret Stuff is fig jam.
If I just went back in the locker room
and saw Michael Jordan eating piles of fig jam
from a jar with a spoon, that would be more plausible to me.
Producing eggs from some sort of sack.
The executive chef of Michael Jordan's steakhouse,
Craig Cooper, is thrilled to be offering
Bulls and Michael Jordan fans alike this opportunity.
A burger!
A burger and milkshake with fries!
Quote, we're doing it with really great ingredients
and going over the top.
Yeah, I mean, it would be better than if you went with,
we're doing it with bad food that we can't sell otherwise.
If they wanted to be really thematic,
the drink should just be like a glass of water.
But then you drink it and you beat the monsters.
Michael's Secret Stuff is hydration and plenty of sleep.
We were, this is continuing the quote,
we were inspired by Space Jam.
And who knows?
Maybe the Mike's Secret Stuff shake
will be enough to bring the Bulls back
to their Michael Jordan era prime.
So Craig, just so I can be fucking clear,
you are saying that maybe if the entire Bulls franchise
drank a salted caramel milkshake before the game began,
they might launch back to prominence.
Is that where we're going with this?
Perhaps even stranger, Justin.
What he is suggesting is,
if some people in a restaurant drink the shake,
the enjoyment of said shake might be enough
to power a basketball team to victory, perhaps miles away.
The thing, the fictional setting that Craig has created,
yes, thank you, Travis, is not that the team,
it's that a city would love a salted caramel milkshake
so much that their favorite team
would be good at basketball again.
That is what Craig is, that's a good milkshake, Craig.
Are you sure?
Does it just have the regular things
like salt and caramel and ice cream?
Imagine if in Angels of the Outfield,
the actual scenario had been that there were angels
somewhere else in the city,
and everyone was so excited about those angels
that the baseball team won.
And that's what's going on here.
Angels a few blocks over.
Yes, Angels at the Walmart,
and the angels are just shopping, but everyone loves them.
I would pay 200 American dollars
for a Space Jam hamburger if-
A Space Jam burger?
A Space Jam burger.
If Michael Jordan himself ran towards my table with it
in his hand, no plate, and jumped way up in the air
and dunked it right into my head,
but then he picked me up off the ground
where he flattened me, and he stands me up
and dusts me off and says, do you want to come
in the back with me and help me hurt the Monstars?
And then me and him got to go back in the kitchen
where he's got the Monstars captured,
and then he and I hurt them because of how bad they were
to the Looney Tunes.
So in Space Jam 2, we can only assume that LeBron
will drink LeBron's secret stuff.
Now, as we all know, Michael Jordan's secret stuff
was water, and LeBron's secret stuff,
I'm assuming, will also be water.
Maybe Sprite- At some point,
the Looney Tunes must become suspicious
of pro basketball players trying
to sell them high-priced water.
I mean, the other side of that, Justin, is that,
and I'm not saying this about LeBron James, mind you,
but that at some point, an NBA star gives them, say,
anabolic steroids to make them successful at basketball,
and they're like, finally, something that works.
I do look forward to the inevitable Wayne Knight cameo
and hearing a room full of seven-year-olds scream,
who the fuck is that?
Or just hearing them yell, Newman!
Because that is a show that stretches beyond age.
What will be more depressing,
that the room full of seven-year-olds don't know
who Wayne Knight is, or that they don't know
who Michael Jordan is?
Oh.
Depends on if you're Michael Jordan or not.
I could show it up in his kenga,
ready to enjoy that great movie with his family,
and he strides out of the screen
with a bottle of his secret stuff,
and is met with fucking silence
by a room full of seven-year-olds.
Is that a Fortnite guy?
I have a Yahoo here that was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Nurbel, who asks,
what would a witch even do with a cauldron?
Good question.
Why did witches have cauldrons?
A cauldron holds a massive quantity of soup or stew,
but they are a witch.
How many people are they serving?
It's not like they know a lot of people
because they're witches and probably keep to themselves,
and they didn't have refrigerators back then
to save some for later.
Seems like they would have wasted a lot of food.
Okay, first, my dude, Covens.
What do you mean witches don't know people?
Inherently, witches are part of a big group.
That's the thing, Covens.
Come on, my dude.
Someone's gonna draw it, your coven comes over,
you've got a cauldron for one.
Embarrassing, no thank you.
A big cauldron, you can make one portion.
A small cauldron, you can't make more than one portion.
Options, buddy.
Read a book.
Whenever you do see
a depiction of a witch with a cauldron
who is stirring something up,
my mind has never leapt to chili
or beef stew or potatoes soup.
It's always some sort of potion.
Yes, am I alone in this?
Well, chili can be a potion, Griffin.
It's a kind of bean fart potion, sure.
But then that brings up the question
of how much potion do you need?
Do potions go back?
If a potion has an eye of newt in it,
that I imagine would go bad after a bit.
It has a perishable sort of object in it.
That is, here's the thing though, Griffin.
If you watch any movie with a witch building a potion,
they have some kind of base potion in there, right?
Because the cauldron's almost always full.
And then when the person says,
I need a powerful love spell or whatever,
that's when they start throwing in
the individual ingredients.
It's a sourdough starter, essentially,
is what you're suggesting.
Okay.
That there's some kind of base potion,
a universal potion base,
that then they can add specific ingredients to
as soon as someone gets there.
Because that's the thing.
If a villager rolled up and said,
I need a potion to punish my enemies,
you wouldn't be like, okay, sit down.
This thing holds 60 gallons.
It's gonna take a while to heat up.
You're gonna be here.
That's like, you know, it's like a drug dealer
hanging out with you while you make the deal,
I assume, because I've watched TV and movies.
They gotta have smaller cauldrons, right?
Like, they're batch making all these.
Well, you think they're just made of cauldrons, Justin?
Well, they at least have another one for chili, right?
We can agree that it's not the same cauldron, right,
for chili and love spell potions.
Oh no, that could go so bad.
They very temporarily put in the stopper,
dump the love spell potion into the bathtub,
make the chili in the cauldron,
edit up, share it with the friends,
scoop the love spell potion back into the cauldron.
After it's been cleaned, oops, it wasn't cleaned.
I got ding-danged beans and onions
in my love potion again.
And it works even better.
It works really good.
Do you think witches ever get mad
when somebody's like, I need a potion?
Do you think the first thought the witch's head is always,
oh man, I gotta build a fire in the middle of my house?
I really, this is where I sleep and live,
and I don't wanna build a fire in the middle of my house,
but I have to make the potion.
Can I do it outside?
No, it'll be contaminated.
But the potions, and people don't like to hear this,
they smell super bad.
There's a lot of stinky, stinky stuff in there.
Can I just make you some chili?
You want me to make ones with mushrooms
and animal eyes in it?
That one's gonna stink, my man.
That must be the worst, is when a client shows up and says,
I need a love potion and some chili.
And you're like, oh no.
I don't have the pots for that.
I don't have the bandwidth.
Oh boy.
Can you come back tomorrow?
I can't, I wanna love chili right now.
Oh no.
I don't like chili, I don't wanna learn.
I'm usually in charge of going to the supermarket,
but I was sick this week,
and my wife did the shopping instead.
First, it seemed like she just got the usual things
that we always eat,
but when I opened the freezer this morning,
I saw three gigantic tubs of Cool Whip
staring back at me.
My wife has never mentioned her interest in Cool Whip,
and I haven't had this stuff since I was a kid.
What does this mean for my marriage,
and am I cool to dig in while she's at work?
And that's from Cool Whip Cassie.
No, don't just eat Cool Whip.
Oh, what if you need it for something?
Yeah, what if you need Cool Whip?
Come on Griffin, use your head.
You've had that pumpkin pie sitting around for a while,
you've been waiting for an excuse.
Cool Whip can be a fun addition to lots of things.
Strawberry shortcake, maybe a fun peanut butter sandwich.
Add a little Cool Whip on there.
Ooh, interesting.
That's new, add just a little ice cream.
Why are we talking about Cool Whip?
Nobody wants to talk about Cool Whip.
Sorry Cass, hey Cassie, sorry,
but nobody wants to talk about Cool Whip.
Well, it's kind of the question,
so we kind of have to do whatever the question says.
Yeah, but I don't really want to talk about Cool Whip.
Okay, here's the thing to me
that makes this whole situation a little weird,
that it's in the freezer.
Because if you're planning on enjoying the Cool Whip,
it must be defrosted.
No one says, like, what you said just now before
is a situation where you start thinking,
man, I'd love to eat some Cool Whip in four hours.
Oh, I've solved it.
I've cracked this whole thing wide open.
So Cassie's wife doesn't normally do the shopping, right?
Right.
Cassie normally does the shopping.
So wife went, maybe got a little flustered.
There's a great deal on Cool Whip.
They thought maybe Cassie never buys Cool Whip
because it's always expensive, but this is a good deal.
I don't even know if we need Cool Whip,
but we've never had it before.
It's such a good deal, I'm buying three of them.
Cassie hasn't ever mentioned Cool Whip before,
but that could be because of the prohibitive price.
Cassie's worried about getting me excited about Cool Whip
and then not being able to afford it and letting me down.
Well, I'm gonna surprise Cassie with three,
yes, three tubs of Cool Whip.
Well, Cassie, be pleased.
To pitch a different scenario,
you're walking through the grocery store
you've never grocery shopped in your life.
It's a strange labyrinth of products and produce.
Some of this stuff you've never even seen before.
You're lost, you're unmoored.
You're sure you're gonna do a terrible job.
And then you look in a refrigerated section
and you see a product and this product is cool.
Yeah.
You think that's a good place to start.
That's cool.
These are cool, so I'll get these.
If there's something called, if there was great bread,
that's my next destination.
And maybe this is the reward that I do this sometimes.
So I'm like, I'm shopping so good.
I'm buying the healthy items.
I'm gonna buy myself some Sunday cones or whatever.
Something, just a treat for me.
And now three seems excessive, three tubs,
but Cool Whip is a luxury item.
It is rarely necessary.
So maybe Cassidy's wife just thought they were doing
a really great job.
Maybe Cassidy's wife knew that my daughter was coming over
because on Thanksgiving, I had a tub of Cool Whip out
to put on my Ritz tort.
And I had the tray out and I opened the Cool Whip tub
and I looked away to grab a spoon.
And when I looked back, my daughter had shoved
her entire fucking face into it.
Just shoved her face right into the Cool Whip.
I had another tub because I've been down this road before.
I've been down this particular road to perdition.
She thought she had one on me.
And the next time I went to the store, I said,
well, I'm gonna buy two tubs of Cool Whip
because somebody might shove their face into one.
And then she looks at me dead in the eyes and say,
well, somebody shoved their face into two.
Fuck, she got me.
Damn, cold blooded.
So you're suggesting that they bought three suspect ink
that your daughter is going to come to their house.
My daughter is invited to their holiday gatherings.
You can't have enough tubs of Cool Whip
around the house around the holidays, folks.
That's a dessert.
Hey, listen, if a bunch of guests show up,
you don't have a dessert, cut up some fresh fruit,
throw in some Cool Whip, you got a dessert going right there.
Your dessert's done.
You could also just open the tub
and throw some spoons in it.
Now you got a dessert going.
Just have them eat the Cool Whip.
Yeah, man.
Just get out a big thing of cracked pepper
and say, here's a spicy dessert for everyone.
This is fun.
We can all eat things that aren't supposed to be food.
I'm not saying you eat the spoons, Griffin.
Yeah, you just crack open a bunch of Diet Cokes
and pour them in a big bowl.
Hey, everyone, soup's on.
That's actually a good start for a soup.
This has been our podcast, My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We got a couple of things.
The first one I'd like to mention,
this time of year, our incredible listeners
all get together to help fill some empty stockings
here in the Huntington, West Virginia area.
There's a whole list of needs, people that,
not even gifts, there are some for kids on there,
but a lot are just people trying to get clothes
for the cold weather.
Our listeners are always really good about helping,
I mean, literally everybody.
It's amazing every time of year.
It's called MBMBAM Angels.
It's been going on for years now,
and the 2019 drive is in full swing.
If you get a few moments and you have a few bucks to spare,
please head on over to MBMBAMangels.com.
You can claim a family or just send money
to help with the effort.
Huge thanks to all the organizers of that,
and you are the best, and we love you,
and thank you if you can donate.
It would really mean a lot, MBMBAMangels.com.
It looks like they are about halfway there
as I'm reading this.
So if you could pitch in, it would really mean a lot.
Also, big announcement, here in February,
we're gonna be doing a couple of live shows
here in Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio, the queen city.
Why Cincinnati, you ask?
Well, it's where I live, and I'll just have had a baby,
and I don't want to go anywhere,
but we're doing some live shows here,
and those tickets are going on sale this Friday.
So be ready for that.
We'll tweet all the links and details and everything.
Also, the Adventure Zone Bureau of Balance game,
the cooperative card storytelling game
that we made with Together Studios,
the presales are open now.
You can go to TheAdventureZoneGame.com
and pre-order it now.
Let's see what, oh, and as long as you're pre-ordering,
go to TheAdventureZoneComic.com
and pre-order the next graphic novel, too.
Why not just do both?
Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
Find, just go there, go to wherever you get music,
the music store or the online music store,
and get this music, folks.
And hey, thanks to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org.
Check out all the great shows there.
They have so many, and you're gonna love them.
All of them, I guarantee it.
Send in your Canon Lens questions if you haven't already.
And it's gonna be island-themed, by the way,
so if you wanna dress cordially, feel free.
Wait, really?
Yeah, baby.
Better order a shirt.
I have a box with over 200 beach balls in it
in my home as we speak.
Did we talk about this?
Well, no, I just put my mother-in-law in charge of it,
so it's gonna be buck wild.
This is a woman that once made 30 children into trees
for a Wizard of Oz production.
It's gonna be buck wild, okay?
Can't wait.
Here's the final Yahoo!
It was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thanks, Graham.
It's Yahoo! Answers user, Steven, who asks,
does the Cats movie trailer make anyone horny?
Horny. My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May you kiss your dad, square out the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Audience-supported.
