If you change your mind
Well
You did it. Yes, we're here might as well do a show my brother my brother and me episode 14
I never thought I never thought we'd make it this far never thought we'd get her that 13 home
But we did consider it helped. I guess so I'm saying
This is an advice show if you're unaware for the modern era
If you're just now joining us welcome, you can hop on right now. There's no nothing you have to know already
There's no continuity a room on the bandwagon Lenny a room on the bandwagon
I think but at this point if you're just now listening to it, you've missed
Like the getting in on the ground floor, like you can't think so
I think still I think I think first 25 episodes. You're still like in the Founders Club
Because I plan on stopping it episode
638
so in
So we're we're still sort of on point there as far as that goes, okay?
Well, everyone's jackets are in the mail your Founders Club Jackets Club Jackets real nice stuff
Really like really just half polyester half spider silk
It's like a polyester spider silk windbreaker and it's a blend windbreak
We're in our face spiders though. Our faces are on the elbows like patches, right?
Made a spider object. I had Travis harvest all the spider eggs. It was terrifying
They incubated in his belly and then burst forth and made jackets
Yeah, this was actually pretty nice. That was nice. He had this finally understood what motherhood is like
Travis had an anonymous
Emailer on gmail. I just want to say that Travis had to swallow a jacket pattern that we bought at Michael's
Anonymous emailer on gmail
Asks I received my first job out of college in March and I am still employed here
I was curious when it was appropriate to ask for a raise and how to go about doing it
My boss is a really nice guy
But due to my social anxiety and my lack of fully understanding the intricacies of a workplace and this workplace in particular
I'm afraid to bring it up. What do you suggest? I
Say six months or the first time you see him bone in the FedEx lady. Hey, oh, hey, oh
That's why that's time to do it
Most jobs have like an annual or three months or nine month review
So you might want to check and make sure that that doesn't already exist
But otherwise bring it up after you've done something really great or something really wrong
Start by joking about it and then the classic a classic McElroy move
Suddenly the joke becomes serious
Oh what happened she's like you've been joking about it and then wait hasn't been a joke
I don't remember but I think he's been talking about it for a long time
Which you can always see the oh
You got to keep in mind. Is that company?
It's worrying about spending its money on things like buying the things
That it needs to keep its company running and keeping the power turned on at their big
They don't give they don't give two shits if they're paying you an extra 50 cents an hour
The only person who cares about that is you so, you know, don't feel like you're inconveniencing them
I realize the best time to ask for race. It's after the economy is not made of toilets. What's that?
How about you wait until that is happening? We're the the your your basic threat is if you don't give me a
Raise I'm quitting and like in most companies. Oh god, thank Christ
Finally fewer staffers
I'm gonna let you in on a Travis McElroy secret when I have shitty jobs and I want to get a raise what you do is
lower your standards lower their standards just start doing a really
Average boring job really only commit about 65 percent every day. Okay, then one week
Go in and give
92 percent don't push yourself. Don't wear yourself out or anything, but comparatively it'll make it seem like wow
He's Travis was beginning a lot better. Hasn't he?
Get a lot better
That is the time to start bringing up like raises and promotions when you really haven't pushed yourself or done anything
You've just lowered their expectations so low
That you can't fuck it up. I thought he got bad for a while, but he seems to be on an upswing
Also, if you're if your bosses seem unreceptive to the idea of giving you a raise
Don't be afraid to dip your snoot in the tiller. Let's get down in there
Maybe you just need a taste just slip a couple twonkies into that back pocket. Hey, there's your twonkies
Did you come in with them? It's I think so
That tiller just taste
the tiller
Form spring asks my bim-bam. I've been chosen to be a best man in my friend's wedding and I've been trying very hard to figure
Out what to say for the toast. Do you have any suggestions?
thanks
hmm
Travis you bring sure there's like a formula to this like open with a joke. Tell a story
Give a well wish for the future
take a drink or
Take 80 drinks beforehand and then it'll be over before you know it. I
Can remember what you said in your toast? It wasn't a good toast. I
Have only given one best man toast and they're divorced now. So what the fuck do I know?
Apparently just you the opposite of whatever I did
If you think as long as age advice, I know
Here's the here's here's your does just say don't get divorced
And if you do it's not on me, it's not on me drop mic
But drop it hold it horizontally first and then drop it drum like you have to do with all microphones
I don't even know whether it makes fans anymore. What am I gonna do with that?
Didn't you mean drop it on the floor? Cuz that's what I'm doing
No, just don't say anything that's gonna embarrass the newlywed couple don't ruin the wedding there it is
Ruin the wedding. Yeah. Yeah, because they spent so much money. It's not your time their time. So don't ruin it by talking about
Genitalia or anything? Hey my brother my brother and me. I was just wondering I'm gonna be going to college in the fall
Are there any essential college things that I should do in college? Thank you. That's from Google Voice
now
Let's talk about Google Voice for a second. Okay, we have a we have a toll number toll will not not toll free
There is a toll the toll number the toll free service costs us money and come on
We're passing it down to the listener to the user
So you can call that number is two zero three my bim bam one or two zero three six two six two two six one
And leave a message now when you do that, you need to leave your name
which
This person did not do
and you also need to enunciate or
Don't because the transcriptions that Google Voice generates are hilarious
And I'd like to take a moment to read some of these if that's okay with everyone
Okay, are we gonna circle back around on this question or no, we'll come back to it
But I feel this is such an important new feature to my bim bam that I think we need to bring it in
Well, let me I'll tell you what, let's advise this person real quick because I want to be able to advise
Okay people who have called into Google Voice via their transcriptions, okay
Whoever you are just learn just learn. I swear to God if you focus on actually learning
Right in your college years. You will be
literally years ahead of your compatriots and then and and also
On the flip side that if we can be the devil on your shoulder for a minute, just don't
learn just don't don't go to classes and stuff like just do the
Minimum amount you need to graduate and if you're lucky
You will get to attend a party that's broken up by the FBI
As I did once and that party rules or throw a beach party in your we we we used to have an annual beach
Blush party where we would fill fulfill my friend Jason's apartment was saying and
It's landlord love that did not get that security deposit back
Or throw a computer beach party
What's that everyone YouTube computer beach party whenever you're done doing this I I think
You should also
Figure out what you want to do early because nobody has ever switched majors in college and finished. Yep
Commit to a life commit to a life now now. Okay, Google Voice
So Google Voice, let's let's read some gems. Okay
Hey, it's not to choose from everywhere nine
Well, you know, I was really knows where you at some of that the picks up pick up the phone lines. I I wouldn't touch
Anyway, my girlfriend's going away on
Think for about a month and I'm gonna be here alone here and I don't know what to do
I have friends, but anyway, once I just thanks bye
bye-bye
Great question. Well, um, I think is he saying he's got nine girlfriends and they're some of them are going away
And some of them are still gonna be his friends. I
Think so and also his girlfriend is on is on his girlfriend's have a lost on
Okay, so his girlfriend's like on point. She is on like 24-7 just drama
It sounds like he's got eight girlfriends that are non-drama girlfriend. He's got one who's just on
24-7 drama drama drama and is she the one leaving it sounds like it for a month
Pick up pick up pick up pick up. So she you're calling her
Okay, and she's not answering and you got eight girlfriends at home. I think you just need to stop worrying
Yeah, I think you're covered. I feel like you got it with this girlfriend scenario
You're like that girl a couple weeks ago who wanted to meet 11 nice guys every week
Here's another good one, okay
Hey to Saturday am I was serious questions for you this time one
Do you think that will me I'm loser mall. Hey do the or innocent and why he had act
I
Had to be about the black eyed peas right read over again, I think it's about the black eyed peas
I think I will Saturday am yeah, well, I am special for you this time. Okay
One is it 2008? No, it's three thousand and late. What?
Do you think that will me I'm loser mall. Hey do the or innocent and why he had act
Did you say do the or innocent?
Do the or innocent. Yeah. Okay. All right, so he's getting into the dance scene. Yeah, that's the dance
That's the new dance in the south in college campuses on the south
And I'm pretty sure the the Asian guy in the black eyed peas is named loser mall. Is that loser mall? It's will. I am loser mall
Fergie just in Timberlake
Fergie Ferg and Fergie. Did you guys know that Fergie is short for Ferguson?
I do say that this caller is asking about Clarissa explains it all where can they find back up and said that
Probably feature Ferguson from Clarissa explains it all got a sex change operation
Downtown and
Now he's not his uptown not his uptown. He already had location was uptown
But okay, he's pieces didn't go to the Bronx or Brooklyn uptown to the nice sex change
Sure, that's where all the good sex change operate. That's right above that. Everyone knows that and Justin
It's right over that really good type place. We went to that one time the really good sex change place
Really good sex change place
So that's yahoo or that's you confused. That's our voicemail number
For us excited when you said that's yahoo. I thought you were about to say that yahoo serious and called our voicemail line
That's yahoo serious. If you're yahoo serious and you're listening to this show, please sweet Christ leave a message
Just slightly less young Einstein, that's the
I want from you this year middle-aged Einstein slightly middle-aged Einstein in 2010 or bust
Call our voicemail two zero three six two six two two six one or two zero three my bim-bam one
And and you know ask for some wisdom
We'll give it to you a in BNB am one if you can think of an easier way to remember that let us know
Serious yahoo question, okay
This one comes from Nina Nina who asks
Am I pregnant? I had dry hump sex with my boyfriend on Friday, and I was on my period I
Am having weird feeling in my stomach and under my stomach it hurts in my lower back hurts
Or is it that I am thinking that I am pregnant that why am I feeling like this?
Wow, I think a real scare. Yeah, sounds like a scare. Uh, it sounds like
The
Pain you're having in your stomach might be those those rocks or child's toys that you ate because you're so stupid
You were just picking up small objects that you can fit in your mouth like a like a
Pool cue chalk
iPhones does anything you can swallow you've been I eat it some Legos before having dry hump sex with my boyfriend
With my boyfriend
Also inter-capped boyfriend, which I'm gonna start doing from now on
you list you
You can't get pregnant by dry humping your boyfriend on your period but you can get single pretty quickly
And I could get grossed out. I can't get pretty yuck
Pain you're feeling in your stomach might be the devil you sinner. Yeah, what up? How about you go to church?
I'm trying to get out. Yeah, Satan
But this is what happened the baby. Yeah, they love your baby. You're stupid, baby
It's sex education classes kicked out of schools, this is the result yeah
Good going America
Look what you've done. And and by the way, this you know, this girl is definitely pregnant, right?
That is the world. We are in this girl. Definitely. Definitely pregnant. Yeah, so super pregnant
Yeah future my bim bam listener right there. Hey, I'm leaving my job with two years next week
And I'm very very excited about the move. I know well, there's your first mistake. I can just stop you right here
I know on my last day during my exit interview
I'll be asked why I'm leaving my issue is should I tell my horrible bosses that they suck and
Everyone who works under them hates their lives or should I play nice to avoid burning bridges in case I ever need a reference?
I really want to tell them what's up for the sake of my friends and co-workers. I'm leaving behind Tristan can't help them fact
Just it can always help them. He's a American hero. But anyway, I mean he's up
He's up in Osama's guts in Afghanistan and Iraq right now, but he actually possesses the ability to teleport
You just have to say his name backwards. Yeah, it's not it's not a big deal
Or you can just subscribe to his Twitter feed he's the Triscuit
so
So and he'll just just ask him there. Just ask him on the Twitter. You are not gonna do yourself any good
Uh, but didn't let me ask you this
Did anybody do that for you Laura and the two years you're at that job?
Did anybody have an exit interview where they told their bosses not to be such dill weeds? Probably not. I
Can't think everybody always
Fantasizes about and but you're never going to actually do it. You're gonna roll into that meeting
They're gonna ask why you're leaving you're gonna say well, it was just time and you'll get out and feel like a you know
You know a coward for not saying anything, but no one ever says anything. Yeah, who cares?
They don't want to hear it. They really don't matter
It doesn't matter what you say. I I or what you do there
You don't have to have some you know grand send-off all you have to do
Just dip that snoot in that tiller Wow, no reason not to do it. They're not gonna fire you
Just dip your snoot in get your snoot deep down in there and just take everything that's not stapled
How good you'll feel if you give a
Lying in your exit interview, but you know that your pocket is full of staplers
Just full of like staplers and posted notes and cash just cohort. Yes. Oh and throw this out. Why are you leaving?
I could never find a stapler
Good luck and just leave them with that thought and I guarantee you they will spend the next week trying to find a stapler
Hey, that's great, which is correct. This is from a baby
Gmail which is correct. I can be a baby a baby
I couldn't care less or I could care less. I've heard both hues, but we need a definitive answer
You know, it's ironic about this one. The answer is actually in the question, which is so rare
You said it twice
The answer of course is I I couldn't care less
Feeling although it depends on what you're saying. I feel like I couldn't care less is like, you know, fuck it who cares
I couldn't care less. But then if you're having a touching moment, you're like I could care less. That's
I'm saying a completely different thing. Yeah, I don't care a great deal about what's going on right now
There are levels of caring. Yeah, they're below the current level
That I don't think you should do either. I don't think you should say I don't want
I think you need to get invested in your world make a positive difference team up with us Russell Simmons
We're gonna go down the river front get just pick up all the trash
And that caring how about work this into your vernacular? I could care more
Yeah, a few people flip the script. Okay
How do you feel about dolphins? I couldn't care more gotta save them all I feel about the oil spill. I couldn't care more
It hurts sometimes
Why did you quit your job because I care too much
I care too much as Arby's to watch you turn it into the freak show that it has become and it's supposed to be a
Roast beef and roast beef related product establishment and you've turned it into something. It's just a tool
I'm sorry mockery of the Arby name. The Arby family will be hearing about this. Good day, sir. Good
Day. Okay guys, so I'm 19 and from Scotland
I've been active it's going out drinking and fraternizing in the clubs for about a year and a half now
But I'm coming to America for a few weeks months in September and I'm not gonna be allowed to legally drink
Ah, man, what the fuck do I do? I go out like three or four times a week at the moment
I can't imagine the horror of not being allowed to drink. What would you guys suggest? I do to fill my time
Are you getting the bars? Okay, Simon
Yeah, get your life in order dude, you're 19, this should not be that big of a problem for you
But that's it. You don't know how it is man. You're coming to America
With a Scottish accent. You've basically got a superpower
Power basically, that's true. If I drew up in a Scottish accent at 19 whoo
I've I've been drinking on the on the rag. You're like a young Craig Fergie. Yeah Craig
Fergie Ferg Fergie Ferg
Did you know Ferguson grew up?
Got his sex change operation undid change first name to Craig
and hosted a late-night talk show. He's actually he's a
Lycan throat, is that right? Right? Yeah, he's a lycamorph where in the daytime he's an amor
The daytime he is Craig Ferguson comedy talk show host nighttime
Fergie from the black-eyed peas. It's like poor timing if I'm between between three and four in the morning. He's a tiger
I would want to be the late-night talk show at night, I think. He records in the daytime though. Don't you know how TV works?
Three or four in the afternoon and then at night he dances around the black-eyed peas and pees on himself
People in the place if you want to get down
Listen Simon, seriously, you're not gonna have any problems
just tell somebody like with your with your Scottish accent say that you want some beer some American beer and
You're gonna get it. It's not gonna be a big deal
I promise you're just gonna have to drink at people's houses. You're not gonna be able to drink in in bars. Although you know what?
You're probably you know, you're gonna be able to get into the bars, right?
You just can't buy the drinks, but if you're over 18 most places you can get in
You just can't drink. I'm gonna throw out a three-word answer here grow a beard. Oh
Wow, a beer from Scotland and he's 19. He's already there. Yeah. Yeah get a beard and a Scottish accent
You'll be collected Social Security checks forget about people think you're 80 years old
Yeah, who's that not just your old man that came with Denise? Oh, that's Simon. He's 19. Go buy him a beer
Not just any old beard though a great big bushy beard a great big bushy beard. Hey, yeah
who answers user I
Like bottom crawler. Oh Jesus
asks
In movies, who is the greatest?
Who is the greatest your favorite protagonist? Who is the greatest your favorite villain? Who is the greatest your favorite duo?
He provides a few answers protagonist Rocky Balboa Sylvester Stallone, haha, you want to see an American tough guy Rocky is
Rocky has done it all walk the streets playing with a ball own a restaurant and unite the world through boxing
Villain the Queen
Lucille Laverne the old witch who fed Snow White the poison apple so that she could be quote fairest of them all
duo Hans solo
Harrison Ford and Chewie. Oh
Man
Well, she's like Larry answered his own question Chewie spelled CHEW why
And his buddy crunchy I have gotta see this movie
Listen these people are
icons
You know, they're their role models for people and I get the importance of needing to know who is the best
Who is the greatest?
I mean Rocky Balboa has done it all
Mm-hmm walking the streets playing with a ball and he does own a restaurant and like that's that's something I aspire to on a daily
Is this did this person mean to write a freeform rap?
It kind of sounds like it the best rap ever. Yeah, it's kind of fresh. Oh, did you hear that new bottom crawler jam?
I thought he's done it all what the streets with a ball. I heard he's working with will.i.am and
Walking down the hall play with a ball Clarissa plays at all
Form spring asks I can't sleep. What can I do to sleep? I love these questions man. So simple so simple
What do I do to sleep?
Puzzles gotta get down up as a special official sponsor my brother my brother make just get a pizzazz nap
You're gonna feel good
you know, I always used to get tricked into that because I used to have trouble sleeping to and
Mom and dad would always you know when I was little say well just lay down and close your eyes
And it's as good as sleeping, you know
Just lay there and rest and then all of a sudden you're waking up two hours later and you're like, oh, I fell asleep
It's when you try to sleep. It's when you're thinking so hard about it. That's why you can't sleep
Cuz you're trying to sleep, you know, just let yourself
Fall asleep. It's much easier. Yeah
if you close your
You have to dream your superhero. I dream. I'm a superhero that I don't want always knocks me out
I don't know why I just dream. I have superpowers and then
I think it's because I want superpowers so bad that I want to really get into that dream. That's my body's like, here we go
Okay, I like that. I like that. I think maybe it's because you're not stressed
Because you're not stressed by anything because you're thinking about wow superpowers, that would be bomb. Mm-hmm
Um, I I think if you have trouble getting to sleep, then you're not tired
Maybe stay up and do something. Yeah, your life's taken away. If you don't want to sleep don't go sleep
So I said I'll tell you what though it trick and you know jokingly most people would say, you know
Have a couple drinks the problem is when you do that, you don't sleep as well
It's the reason if you get really drunk you tend to like wake up
Bright and early because you're not really sinking into that deep restful sleep that you get naturally
So you might fall asleep, but you're not gonna get the same rest you would if you just you know
Allowed yourself to fall asleep naturally. That's true. That's true. The drinking thing is not a good
I just think you know, you know what exercise can be good if you exercise during the day. Sometimes you'll sleep better
I think I bet I've heard I have no idea. How could I how could I test that theory?
I don't know also. Oh don't have nightmares. Oh, yeah
Yeah, do everything you are having a dream and it starts to look like a nightmare
You need to just you need to inception that shit and switch it back to a good dream
Well, I haven't seen inception
But I think it's just Leonardo DiCaprio taking nightmares and turning them into sweet sweet dreams. He's like this place looks like a nightmare
Let's get you out of here more flip this script. Look my fingers
Cameron it's there. My fingers are made of rainbows. You're gonna gumdrop candy for it
What are your views ass form spring on the use of recreational drugs?
They're legal people who do them should go to jail. Yeah, but in jail drug. Oh, how's that?
How do what are my views on robbing liquor stores? That's a crime. Well, except for Salvia Salvia is legal, right?
Yeah, but don't do that cuz then you'll think the world's ending for about 15 minutes
It's the worst and then you'll and then you'll wish the world of them. Yeah
Wow
Recreational dry. I one time I got as far as recreational drugs the one time I got high on Salvia
I I was still high and my dad called and talked to my wife and
Somehow the conference that my dad joked that my grandmother could see the future and I started crying because my nanny could see the future
So don't so I guess what I'm saying is don't do drugs
Nope, I I did Salvia and now I'm a Zen Buddhist
So there yeah things happen. It was a it was a eye-opening experience
I actually just got back from from the Pitchfork Music Festival where I was constantly surrounded by people
who were enjoying a number of jazz cigarettes and
Let me tell you
That's tough man. It makes people do some crazy things out in the hot Sun
You were just high on music there right and good times. I was high on music and good times
I'm talking but like everyone else around me is like hey Griffin try this jazz cigarette. No, I don't I gotta be strong
That's important to keep in mind when you smoke the devil grass. It might be fun for you, but everyone around you hates you
Yeah, everything's like boring because it turns you into an incomprehensible
Comprehensible nanny you're not funny. You're boring. Hey, you start doing that laugh thing and
Slap slap that shit at you
Hey, so much different from watching a drunk guy stumble around that shit's funny cuz who knows what he's gonna do. I know
The weed guy's gonna ask if I've seen
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas. Yes, I have and do I want to watch again? No, I don't
I
But don't do don't do recreational drugs cuz soon you're gonna be out on the streets
Like that that lady in Los Angeles who was on the crack that came up and coughed into my mouth as I was walking on
the sidewalk
She stood in front of me waited for me to open my mouth
Oh and then charge them $200 for it you can't salvage that day, you know that
I've recently this is from Scotty who's a lady
Asked us on gmail. I recently started working for my mother
She's running for public office and I'm basically her personal assistant and media director
Which just means I run her Facebook and Twitter
The problem I'm having is that I try to take the job seriously and try to be professional while my mother does the opposite
She'll poke fun at me and treat me like a 14 year old while I'm trying to work
How can I try to establish a work relationship without upsetting her any advice?
That's tough Scotty because that's why a lot of people don't work for their folks
Or I mean, I've I've thought for a long time. I've had the opinion that working for family is not a good idea
Yeah, it's just a weird way. I mean, which is probably not very helpful to you quit give up
I guess I guess you should usually try to ape
The spirit of the boss and like if she's not being serious about it, then you have no reason to take it
Super seriously either. I mean, I I guess is the best advice I give you because that's just gonna cause
You're not gonna be able to convince her to take it more. Seriously. It's her campaign
Also, you run her Facebook and Twitter
You have the reins to her to her social, you know face
Yeah, so so you can take her hostage
Basically, you can make her treat some really embarrassing shit if she if she you know plays you like a chump
Yeah, say stop playing like a chump moms. Nobody gives anybody respect. You got to earn that shit. Yeah on the street
Yep, I guess what I'm saying is shiver. Yeah, she found her mom to a fight in the exercise yard
Yeah, I think a girl toothbrush in the ribs the old sharpened toothbrush to the ribos
so
Scotty stabbed your mom Tucker
And have to deal with the occasional douchebag customer who thinks it's appropriate to yell and scream at me over policies to practices that aren't
Mine, do you have any suggestions on tactics to respond to people like this?
And do I and still keep my sense of self-worth? I have a great suggestion for you Tucker from Gmail go fetal
I think Ellen you go fetal and it's like oh, what did I do?
They won't know what they did and you're not gonna tell them cuz you're fetal right now
And and and then and what do they have to do now? They're concerned about your well-being. That's call over your boss
They say look I was this person went fetal. What were you doing?
I was kind of yelling at him and stuff get out of my store
Wake wait wake up Tucker. It's okay. They're gone now. You're fading acting up again. Yeah, it is
Do you want to take the rest of the day off? Yeah. Yeah, I think so boom go see Inception
Thanks for yelling at me D bag, I'll see you in the popcorn line
Yeah, that's it let's move on yeah go fetal
Benjamin asks via Gmail dear McElroy clan. I'm 19 and my girlfriend has just given birth to my first son Alfie
Congratulations
My question is how do I become fatherly?
Well, I generally wear a dressing gown and slippers when lazing around and do enjoy a war
There's originals along with other boiled sweets. Do I need to start smoking a pipe or wearing a tweed jacket?
Yeah, I mean, I mean you jumped right over you went straight to great-grandfather Lee man. I
Often tell my kids about the war. Yeah, I make him put coconut oil on my leg. Let's get rid of my varicose veins what?
you confuse that like your dad is supposed to be the only trip to being a dad is to
Constantly let your child know that you could beat the shit out of them at any given moment
Your your old man has to be old man strong, which means that your old man is stronger than you always
Like physical strength and mental strength don't hit your kids folks
That's all I'm saying you need make them live in constant fear that you will yeah, and that it'll hurt so back
You're so strong, right? I remember strong
I remember once playing board games with the family and dad beat clue in one round
Solve that shit solve that game piece in one round and that to me also is part of old man strength that idea of my
Dad is a is a genius. Yeah, I was just thinking about
Leading a family revolt up to that point and then dad
Alpha dog
I guess we're saying to be the alpha dog
And don't could also enjoy the one year that you've legally been allowed to vote
But congratulations on your child
Also marry her come on man. Yeah, I think put a ring on it put a ring on it. You clearly like it
I recently got a new girlfriend and this reform string and I've been trying to introduce my friends to her a select few all dudes
Seem to be acting as if she has to play or the plague or something
They don't want me coming over to their house with her anymore. What the hell happened? Oh, Jesus dude. She's terrible
Can we consider the possibility that she is legitimately bubonic. Oh, she's got the boobs
No, I mean like I think I'm the new coolest description of a girl ever like bootylicious. Oh, yeah girls bubonic
She's a bubonic straight boom. Um, you
See the boo bonds on her. She's cold bubonic
I mean if your girlfriend's wearing the mask of red death you you probably well first you shouldn't be dating her
But you definitely shouldn't expose your friends to her. Yeah, what kind of friend friend quote unquote friend, I guess
semi friend
Friend with benefits that benefit being the plague. Mm-hmm
Everyone come come be around come drink up the humors
Of my totally sick girlfriend. She got my girlfriend the outbreak monkey
enjoy
Yeah
Yeah, she's bad she's bad not a good person they
you got a way against like
One of two things has happened either
She is terrible or she makes you act like a terrible person because they like you right and they know it's gonna be awkward
If they don't like your girlfriend, so one of those two things is happening. It's not it's not anything they're doing. I'm sure
So you really need to like examine it take it take a step back
Also, there's a chance. She's stealing stuff. She might be stealing stuff from their house
Why would she do that? So next time she picks up next time she picks up anything anything?
Point at her face and yell thief as loud as you can
I mean see how she reacts. Yeah, AJ if she's like if she like drops it and
Run just prints and throws herself through a plate glass window. You know, hey, you nailed her. You got her good one
Yahoo answers user tree tops. This is an important question. We rarely deal with matters of health. Okay on this show
That's so I think there's a gonna tree tops asks. Is there an easier way to lose weight than this?
in the description of this question
Treetops has pasted a link to the music video for rock lobster
No, no, the answer is clearly no, but I mean the Atkins diet maybe but that's a temporary
Ketosis only lasts for so long rock lobster. That's a deep burn
a deep burn you will be reddened after that down muscles and it breaks down all the fatty acids the fatty layers and
They just fall off your body. I'm a big proponent of
People I feel like people are born
Into their sexual preference
But I'm pretty sure if you go from being a fat guy to a skinny guy
Because you work out to rock lobster constantly that would make you gay
I am a hundred percent sure you will be gay after that that will make you into a gay person
That's the only surefire way to switch it up. I think I think to switch it back. You just have to see the expendables
Well, that could go one of two ways I think there's a lot of beefcake in that movie Wow
Wow, it's like a beef bakery in there. It's it's like a beef bakery
making sweet beef breads
Oh
Delicious
People often say that I look like Jack Black. Is that a good thing form spring? Nope?
That's code. He's the one chubby guy in who they let be in movies
So I would rather get Jack Black than Jonah Hill
sure
Yeah, yeah, I guess that's true but
Just to protect black sucks now name one good thing Jack Black has done and in like the past five years
Year one comedy movie. Maybe you didn't Wow. That was the worst thing I've ever seen I couldn't finish that movie. It was terrible
I don't know. Have you seen me on your own your version?
On your own. Yeah
Yeah, I think I've seen that one
It is better in Spanish. You really get the deep deep subtext
The subtext being me you're wasting your life on year one. Oh Harold Ramis made me sad
But my heart tired, I would rather get Jack Black than Chris Catan
You but you do get Chris Catan not tonight because you look at Chris good hand
But but with the beard, it's probably a part of that's probably been lightened, right?
I actually I got told the other day I look like a grizzled Chris Catan
Who's been through some shit like Chris Catan has oh
Boy, it's been in some shit. I don't know if he's been through it
All I can think of somewhere Chris Catan is getting more and more attractive every day
It was less grizzled. Yeah as I become more grizzled like a portrait of Dorian Gray kind of thing
I
Want to hear Griffin's last question, but first we have some
housekeeping
Of course, you can always
Contact our show Griffin tell them all the ways all the many many ways they're all collected
Amalgamated if you will on mbnb am comm but there's a link to our forum spring page there
You can email us at mbnb am at gmail.com
You can
Tweet at us using the hashtag mbnb am or at mbnb am you can call us at two zero three six two six two two
Six one or two zero three my bim bam one. You guys stop using all those numbers. I think I think it's just getting it
Nobody's gonna remember that. Okay, two zero three my bim bam one
leave a clear message where you enunciate and
Leave your name and we'll read them on the show
We'll read them on the show
And that's it. Make sure you you download and subscribe
To the show. Well, you've already downloaded it
obviously but subscribe and and if you get a second if you could leave a rating on iTunes or review those really really help us
Get get up on the the ratings the rankings
You know, we just wouldn't be number one
word and
Uh, so here's the exciting thing the exciting thing is that you should
if not
Write this second then then then
almost certainly by the end of the day
you should be able to go to mbnb am comm and
We're gonna have a link there to
To pre-order t-shirts
Yeah
We got two t-shirts I've already described them
But two t-shirts
I think they're like 19 bucks
You can and and double XL's and triple XL's cost like a buck more because it's a it's a fatty tax
And you can add that better yet you can get
10% off of the pre-order if you use the special code
Walnut at checkout whisper it. Well, I think it's I think it's better if we whisper the secret code whisper the secret code. Don't time
Yeah, you use that secret code and you'll get 10% off your pre-order these are it I
Don't know how many more than the pre-orders we're gonna make
Because we have no idea how many people are gonna buy two. So if you want one
Get in it. And of course, it'll be a little while before we get the shirt to you because
You know, we're doing this right now, right? So buy them buy for your kids your family members
Your friends people you don't like so much try to make them cooler
And and you can you can pick those up
We'll have a link our friends at ninja hyphen bot.com are are are sort of handling that for us and you can
If you have any questions
beyond
What we've said here. You can you can email store at ninja hyphen bot.com and
and
You can ask them questions that you have but those pre-orders the link should be up on the site on our site in B&B am comm
Our iPhone app isn't up yet. Apparently there's
You know, it's got to go through the Apple machine
So we'll let you know and that's when that they have to make sure that it's not just like a button and you press that
Button and then JPEGs and dicks pop
Do the old dick JPEG test
So so that's the exciting stuff that's going on right now. So make sure you and of course
You your your your source for up-to-the-date information is always in B&B am comm
Yeah. Yeah, check out that web address. Check out that web address and get Twitter while you're at it
Follow us at MBM.com
Then thank you so much for listening. We hit a hundred thousand downloads last week
100k it's stunning. It's gross. It's staggering. It's disgusting. I've never felt more important. I've started pushing people
Talking about the little guy. It's great
Boy finally the big shit. Well, let's not go see okay. Maybe I should return that Lamborghini
Our final question of today comes to us from William II who asks
Does anyone remember a Sudafed medicine commercial that aired from 1992 to 1993 that shows a woman and her car
What did you think of it? I'm just
I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother. My brother gets your dad
You will never know me
You
