The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother, my brother and me. What a swing!
Justin, I'm sorry. Wow, that was intense. That was a wild shift in energy from the beginning to end. That was my like
The the the ball is going going it might be oh, nope, drop the outfield
And then the guy was gonna pick it up his pants ripped and then everyone saw his butt and his
Energy just dropped. Did I say I'm Justin? Yeah
Yeah, and I'm Travis I guess. Wow. Wow. I'm Griffin. This is some of our best work yet guys
And that is what we're here to celebrate a life in podcasting. Oh
That the bill has come to the Piper has begun to play his little tune his jaunty tune
That lures your wallet out of its protective case attached to your chain. Yes, and
It starts to sneak those five dollar bills out once a month. It's the max fund driver
Everybody welcome to this very special episode. We should say it is time to pay the Piper as Justin said. The Piper
He's got bills to pay guys. Like people never talk about this, but like yeah Piper and it's it's all reasonable stuff
You know, it's not like he doesn't have wild expenses or anything, but like piping's a job
It's a job and you have to pay him or else and we don't talk about this a lot when we talk about the Pied Piper
We talk about his great getting rid of rats or in this case as Justin has put it
Your money five dollar bills
Yes
But if if that doesn't happen if he does if he is not fairly compensated for that then he takes the kids, right?
He takes all the kids in town
He plays this wonderful flute and makes all the children leave and then the people in town are like are you fucking?
Kidding me Pied Piper. That is such an unnecessary
Escalation so we're not saying if you don't like support the max fund drive and support our shows
Then we'll play a magic flute that makes the kids leave. Yeah, but
It's not off the table. But here's the thing at the end of the day
They hired him to do a job get the rats out of town. Yeah, he did it
Yeah, and they're like, oh cool the rats are gone
Well, we're not paying you now the rats are already gone, which is pretty messed up pretty now taking the kids
you're right huge a
Lot of people make that like get a lot of people forget that the Pied Piper will play his beautiful music
For free for anybody to listen and enjoy and a lot of people will listen to his great music while they're washing dishes
You know, they'll open a window and they're like doing laundry and they sometimes
Take it for granted that you know, he's always gonna be there
All right that you know, then they're and they forget that it's you know that he relies on them
Yeah, just because it's free to listen. He relies on their generosity maximum fun drive
Maximum fun or no, it's not maximum fun drive. Don't listen to me. It's maximum fun org forward slash
Join, that's the URL go there right now because it is on the max fund drive the one-time
Year, we come to you and say hey these shows their artists owned
Their audience supported. That's you. Yeah
That's you
That's the only reason our shows exist is because of your generosity and we need you now if you never gotten on board
Then you need to head on over to maximum fun org for his last join for just five bucks a month
If you can pledge five bucks a month, you are going to be unlocking an absolute treasure trove literal
hundreds of hours of bonus content and there is a white
Truly wild assortment. Maybe the most unhinged D&D campaign that has ever existed as designed by my daughter Charlie
Yep, there is a pranky doodle dandy. What about this year Justin? What about this year this year? We?
This one's still evolving folks. This one is exciting
We did a special episode record
brainstorming a new
Transmedia property that we can sort of lean into that pays residuals
in a way the podcasting does not and then we pitched it to our agent Joel and
It's still an evolving story the details of which we hope to reveal to you
Yes at some point in the near future. I'll just put it this way
We thought it was so wildly unhinged that it would be we'd call Joel and Joel would be like
You guys are fired even though I'm your agent and dad. Joe was like, okay
I'll talk to people so you can hear all of that and more and all the other there's more levels if you're already a supporter
I mean, it's time to up that their support check that out maximum fun org slash join
Cuz the other thing about the Pied Piper is you think Pied Piper?
He's been out there tootin his horn and flute and stuff for 12 years
He's probably like doing doing the like the best he's ever done
But then you got to remember that the Pied Piper for the last couple years hasn't been able to toot his flute out in public
Because of the bubonic plague or what-have-you. Yeah, and so and so maybe the Pied Piper could use some
Some extra support that's true and ever
And also just one more thing if you do become a supporter make sure
Talk about on social media. We're so grateful for that and keep an eye on the NB NB AM slash
Macroy family account because we're gonna be announcing some special weird goals like we've done in the past
But that's not what I want to talk about right now guys. It's okay been a little over one week since you look to me
Thank you. It's been a solid 24 hours
We've all been living with the announcement of band versus be now and I just we don't have any new information
We haven't even released the episode or now. It's not out yet, but I just want to know how's your heart?
How's your walk going guys?
Yeah, what this is the the intro that you want to do to this episode is just redoing the one we did last
Which we recorded for the audience's clarification yesterday yesterday. Yes, exactly
I just want to know if you've marinated in it how you're feeling. I share I did share with my wife
I heard the image. She's like we're absolutely watching that I'll burn in hell first
But then I said of course we'll watch it because we're gonna be live-streaming every second now
It's green caps. Yes the whole thing when I told my wife. She said um. Oh, yeah, he's got baby now. He needs that money
Which was an excellent point? I think on Teresa's part. Yeah, he wants to make something the baby can enjoy cuz babies hate bees
Yeah, baby's do anything about
Suspicion we're gonna get a lot of feedback that we went a little hard on man versus be
Yeah
Yeah
Let's instead just as a thought experiment. Okay
Read a listener's question and then attempt to answer it. Oh weird. Okay. Okay. I mean just like I don't know
It's just something else do it
Recently I started a new job where one of the perks is that we have a cabinet full of office supplies that are free for
us to take
Sorry, it's just the idea of a office of that has cabinet with office supplies in it being a perk of the job
Send a chill up my spine. You have the essential tools. You need to do your work. There are pins. There are notepads and
Yes, and Jimmy clips. Yeah, you have to put on your penis. Yeah
Keeps you from finishing. What's it?
What's the Jimmy clip, huh? Well, you know how sometimes you finish too fast. Yeah. Yeah never
You understand the concept though that one could finish too fast a Jimmy clip just kind of
Prevents that by sort of closing everything up down there. Yeah. Yeah
Does it get in the way? Oh, absolutely. It does. Is it wildly painful? Oh, yeah
involved effective
I mean, yeah in a sort of brute-force way
Beloved listener a Jimmy clip is
Something that you is a piece of guitar paraphernalia
That tightens your tone by well you put it up near the the head of your guitar and it tightens your tone
I think it maybe makes palm muting easier. I don't know what you think a Jimmy clip is
This is a question the right. Yeah, there is no question. Where's the question raised? Yeah, this is not what a Jimmy clip is
What's a Jimmy clip?
Okay, what could it be could be a binder clip one of those that's like, you know
You squeeze the two sides and it opens up. Let's think of it a mouth. That's what I always think of it as
Yeah, and that is what I and that is what you would apply to the genitals
Is it possible that this listener maybe reply or refers to paper as Jimmy just in general?
Hand me that news Jimmy. I want to read the good news today. Is this a Xerox?
Slash copier kind of situation where we've been calling paper clips paper clips the whole time
But that's the like brand name and Jimmy clip is just the actual name like hook and loop instead of velcro
Is that what we're dealing with? I can't fathom
I've googled it in every way I could think of yeah
That's the best I've come up with so far is Jimmy Fallon a clip of Jimmy Fallon
Performing with Migos using office supplies. That's all I can get
I can't I can't get anything else now. Is it possible that they work in an office based around ice cream and
Jimmy's aka sprinkles. This is a clip to hold the jimmies together
It's possible be but who but I think it should be illegal to call sprinkles jimmies. Oh, that's an excellent point
Their name is James. Thank you. Now. I have found a single track on title
where an artist guest performed on a
Rap track called plan B and it guest stars a person named Jimmy paperclips
Maybe that's a reference to him being in there to one-time rapper Jimmy paperclips. Oh, I accidentally clicked it and I'm listen to it
Hey, this is good. This is good stuff. Jimmy. All right
It's good. Should we should we do the rest of the question or I guess I just that's the first piece of advice
It's just don't call them that they're not that they're not that whatever it is
And this is and and my friend as far as the Internet knows this is not a regional thing
I think it's a you think it's a you thing
However, there is a sign on the cabinet that discourages any hoarding of the office supplies
I do understand. They don't want us to clean out the cabinet, but my desk is nowhere near the cabinet
So I want to go ahead and take what I know I will use and not have to come back to the cabinet too frequently
My question is how much can I take before it's considered hoarding or how do I get all the supplies?
I need my desk that raises suspicions. That's from admin anxiety in Atlanta
I do want to I do want to put in a pitch right here that sitting is killing us
And maybe it's not the worst thing to have a little built-in like stroll
Yeah, just to get the circulation just to steady or so. Yeah, I'll say it sitting has been great for me
My whole lot me and sitting are very well acquainted and I am still
Such a huge I can't get enough of this stuff
I would actually go one step further and say that maybe Justin the problem is
Sitting isn't reclined enough and we should recline. We need more Shays lounges. Oh, that's good
Yeah, is that sitting is the problem Justin, but you know what so is standing? Yeah, what about lying down desks, huh?
Yes, though the opposite way. Yes. This is what I'm saying zero G desks
Yeah, you know those thing where it's just like not only is a VR helmet
Like I also walk on the little slippery disc and so it's like I'm walking in there a desk like that
But I'm laying down and I can maybe do a 360 spin in there gyroscopes
It just sort of sensory deprivation workstation. Yes, please
Also, is it so bad to have an excuse to get up from your desk and not work for the time?
It takes to walk over there and back and then if your boss is like he didn't get anything done today
You're like I just kept running out of Jimmy clips my dude
I'm gonna get more Jimmy's you don't worry you got me all anxious with this note about not hoarding the supply
So I only do take one Jimmy clip at a time and then I have to come back and that's my whole day
It's like 60 to 70 trips to the cabinet just to get 60 to 70 Jimmy clips
This
Sucks this sucks that this is a thing that you have to that any human being
Has to think about to the point of being even a little bit stressed is how many work supplies is too many work supplies to
Take to my desk. What do you think you're gonna do with them?
Do you think that you're gonna build some sort of mobile out of Jimmy clips?
Hey timeout Griffin. You've never worked an office job. Yes
I
Take it from me a person who has the idea of like well, it's 10 a.m. And I'm done with my work
I could go ask what else they need me to work on or I could make a decorative picture out of different colored
You know post-it notes arranged in a way that it looks like Mario's face. I
Know what I'll be doing today. Yeah, and do you work in Nintendo at this?
At not at that point, but then what's that? Oh, I made this collage out of post-it notes walking by
Well, it's Mario himself and he sees that he's like it's a me and I'm like, it's a you
And then he hires me and what's that now? I'm his bag man
Which I think I'm his valet, you know, yes
Yeah, and then pretty soon look at me I'm running the whole show so
Maybe it's not so bad. Everybody try that out. Yeah, that's the one way to get hired by Nintendo. Yep
This or also you push you could push Reggie Feasomey out of the way of a
Speeding bus and he doesn't work there anymore, but he is he needs you. He is very big and fun to think about
A certain Herman Munster as quality
Herman Munster is a beefcake. Yeah, Jerry O'Connell. Yeah
Jerry O'Connell seems fun. He does doesn't he?
Do they sound like he'd be fun and I tweeted him about my secret identity and he was like
You're a second person's asked me about that today and I was like you want to be my best friend or what's up?
It's nothing nothing so far like I just feel like he's nervous. He doesn't know how to respond
He doesn't want to embarrass himself. That is a treacherous balloon to float in the year of our Lord 2022
It is true, right? This person seems like a good
Yeah, anything anybody?
Good period um you another question. I
Have
This is a great great opening to a question this I know everything about this person
I think I bet I could guess their social security number best on this first question. I have a fedora
It's actually a trilby, but who cares I think that's a I think that's a haiku. I'm pretty sure that's I have a fedora
It's actually a trilby, but who cares
We're just very close though silent
Yeah
It has been with me for 12 years even survived being stolen by a hurricane in 2012 and washed up in parking lot
What it's a state it's it wait
bounded yeah
Okay, it's a survivor from a bygone age ain't that the true. Oh, yeah, should I get rid of my hat?
I'm moving so it might be time. Yeah, here's a photo for the slack
Trilling for trilby in Los Angeles I
Don't know you that well. Oh
Oh really because you said earlier you could like give their social security number Justin so what I read I read you're right Travis
I'm I I don't know you for a very long time. There you go. Is that better? Yeah
Grammatically no, but conceptually yes, I feel like
From what I can read in this question. I feel like you and the hat have become inseparable at this point
Oh, yeah, I feel like the hat wrote the question
I mean really I mean at this point literally the hat was taken from you by an act of God and made its way back
To you. Yeah, God tried to take the the hat and and couldn't do it
Who are you to just casually toss it in the dumpster?
I will also say this no matter what the item is whether it be clothing or decoration or whatever
after 12 years
You then I don't think you have to justify to anyone
Why you have it because there's someone's like why you have that him?
Like I've had it for like a long time
I had it for 12 years right like that's just like oh at this point it's become part of your yeah your routine
That that hat exists. You've long passed that like
Awkward liminal space where you've had the hat for like five years
And so some people associate you with the hat but not everyone so you can get rid of it a 12-year hat my god
Yeah, the memories that's the the the juices you've imbued in this thing is it you can't
I don't think you can get rid of it now. Don't get me wrong
Aesthetically, I don't think many people unless you are Bob Hoskins in Who Framed Roger Rabbit
I don't think you can pull off this particular hat. It seems like a very sort of specific sees
That's your pole and not Indiana Jones, huh? Indiana Jones's hat didn't it was not quite as decorative as this
This was very straightforward more of a wide brim. This is a trilby not a fedora after all
Yeah, I do you look good in it hmm. Oh
That would have been a better image to send a hey. Yes, I will say this. I'm gonna read between the line
I'm gonna infer for a moment here. I
I would pose this as a potential backstories boys that they bought this hat and
They put it on they're like, I don't know and then someone gave him a hard time about it
So they doubled down on the hat and like no, I love this hat, right?
And then hurricane took it and they're like, oh, I'm free. I'm free from the hat
Well, it came back shit mask and now yes
This is a mask situation because moving is not a time or just like I have to get rid of this hat that takes up
Let's be honest and not that much space
Right, so if they're asking about if they should get rid of it or not
I think they're looking for us to say yes, so they're like I had to get rid of it
I was a man always told me to yeah, I want to go back to Griffin's question
I and and say that I really hope this person thinks they look good in the house
Yeah, because the idea that you would do sort of like a self-shaming
You you know self-flagellation aesthetic flagellation. Yeah by wearing a hat you think looks bad for 12 years
Yeah is actually too sad for me to
To think on I I hope that's not unless the problem is you found yourself to be too beautiful
Sands hat and you got sick of all of the attention
I see people just flinging themselves at you offering you modeling deals left and right and you're like I gotta do something
They got horns off of there. Yeah, real horns like as a Brock. That would be a good look though. Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, I mean I guess so people want to fuck Darth Maul every day people do want to be fucking Darth Maul
I've noticed that it's I don't know when this thing started. He's a bad man who did hurt Qui-Gon Jinn
I well, I sure hope you like this hat cuz if not, this has been a terrible waste of our time
It's like thank you. Yeah, that was my next thought was that if you're not actually torn up about this and instead
You came to us with this very specific heat of I'm a hat owner
Man alive that's gonna really p.m. You know
Yeah, you could
Find some sort of acrylic box to put it in on a mantle and be like, that's the hat that God couldn't kill, right?
Yeah, or you could and then you can like screw in a little plaque on it
It says this is Bob Hoskins is his real ass hat from who frame Roger Rabbit
Oh, you know what? We need to start doing
I think that people at home should adopt what they do at like sporting arenas when a player retires
When there's a shirt where you're like, I love this shirt. It doesn't match my style anymore or whatever
We should raise it up into the rafters of your house, right? It's just like now it's on the ceiling. Oh, that's good
That's really good. Travis. Can I hit you with another idea? That is that I leapfrogged off that idea to get sure and I'm
Really happy about it. Get really into hockey
And then wait for a player on the team that you like to score three goals in a single game
And I goodbye fedora that well that one's going right out to celebrate the hat trick
And then they fly that fedora up into the rafters of the hockey area
No, you throw that fedora out and I think some teams they like put all the hats in a bucket
And then as you walk out of the venue, you can maybe try and grab your hat back
But I know what's gonna grab this busted
That can't be
You're gonna have to voluntarily leave it behind. Is that my trilby now? Someone else must have thrown that trilby
I don't know. I saw you throw it. I know you thought no, I wasn't
That wasn't mine. My trilby definitely looked way cooler than this drill
Do you see who frame Roger Abbott mine looked like that looked exactly it actually was that one
I stole it from the studio lot. I have an acrylic box for a while, but then I threw it
I mean fuck I know I didn't throw it. I'm I still at home in the box. Leave me alone
I'm going to Arby's
Hey, listen speaking of going to Arby's it would be great if you could support us in the max fun drive so that we can go
Get more Arby's. Yeah, your max fun membership pays to support the shows that you like on the network
This I feel like this past year we have
We have upped our game pretty dramatically. We started doing adventure zone weekly again, which has been a fucking lot of work
But we have enjoyed making the show, but we've had
Yeah, Justin and I are coasting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you guys are right
We've we've hired some more people to help we've hired a full-time editor for the first time
in in the history of our shows we talk about how the
Donations are essential to make the shows happen like we have missed a lot fewer episodes
Yeah of show
Since we have people who are helping us to make sure that they get since we hired bosses. Yeah
We hire bosses to tell us to do podcasts even if we don't want to or if our feet hurt and we're sad
And I mean not just that, you know, we wait our feet hurt. It's just not a big rock
Yeah, parking lot. I can't record my feet hurt. Tell me we have not canceled episodes for for less
That's true, sometimes it's like I don't know I meant to eat a sandwich and I ate
Half a sandwich and yeah, I can't do it today boys
And I mean there's also the very kind of bigger side of it of like this is our jobs
I mean the stuff what we make we
Make this a priority. It's important for us to do this and we know how much it means to people and this is the time
Of year where it means everything. It means I'm not gonna it means everything. I don't want to say that but yeah
Okay. Wow, what's again a rapid energy shift from Justin? What are the gifts?
Like what do you get like I don't want to do this for free besides like feeling good and like yeah, that's stew
I don't care. Okay, so for $5 a month you will get immediate. I did that
Huh huge access huge access to over 350 hours of bonus content. I'm huge access
Don't know but it's got there's so much good stuff. We've been doing this for this is our 11th max fun drive
I want to say the amount of content just from us from our mini shows is like
Outrageous at this point. I cannot remember it all
But it's there's some really good shit in there
For $10 a month, you'll become a friend of the family
We have 35 embroidered patches for you to choose from for all of the different shows
You get the bonus content to you get a letterpress max fun membership card
But we teamed up with max fun fan Merritt Bondarou from frog and toad press who designed a bunch of very very cool
Patches that you can put on any kind of surface that you want that I mean, we'll work on patches
You can't put it on like steel. I bet I mean
There's glue. They're beautiful two-inch round patches with very very
Cute designs for all the shows and you're gonna look cool and get lots of cool comments for your great patch
and
Then at 20 bucks a month you get the diamond friendship circle
It's got the patches and the membership card in the bonus content and then you can choose your $20 a month gift
Between the max fun creativity pack or the rocket hat. The creativity pack is was designed by artist and max funster
Ellen van der meid and it's a deck of
54 cards in an inspiration deck and each one has an activity suggestion from your favorite hosts
It's got a set of some postcards
It's got some non hardening colorful modeling clay. It's got a custom blackwing pencil
And all of that can just help you make cool stuff
And if you don't want that you just opt for the max fun drive rocket logo hat instead. It's embroidered. It's eco-friendly
It's adjustable and it's gonna keep you cool and shaded while you listen to podcasts out in nature
There's other rewards to you. We'll talk about those more later, but I also would encourage you if you're already a max fun member
And you have been for a while. Maybe this is the time to consider upgrading your membership to a higher support level
Maybe you've been listening to more max fun shows
Maybe let's say your favorite actual play podcast started doing every week instead of just once a week and you're like, hey
That's why I'm even your second or third
Maybe and the actual play podcast that you have heard of started doing every week instead of just once a week or once
Every week instead of once. Okay
You stick with me, you know what? I mean? This is a great time. You can upgrade that to maximum fun org slash join
And I want to say one more thing because I think it's always important to mention
We know that not everybody is able to do a monthly support level and we totally get that
You know, we're we're asking you to consider if you can but there's other ways you can help you can help share the link
Maximum fun org slash join you could talk about why?
Max fun means a lot to you
Make sure everyone knows the max fun drive is going on all of that stuff is great
And if you're already a supporter you could talk about how great it is all the the bonus content
How how it feels to support the art and artists you love all of that stuff helping get the word out
Means a lot to us as well
just go to maximum fun org first last join and just
Do the right thing. We have a goal this year of two new and upgrading members
And so we're really hoping you can have us a 50% of that could be you so
We're gonna rock it past that goal within the first week
Well, I missed a zero it's 20 20 no, wait, I'm sorry and then there were three more zeros after that
Oh, I don't I don't count zeros. They're not real numbers. Yeah, it's just a demarcation between positive and negative value
Yeah, it's not actually
worth talking about
Maximum fund our success joint. I just yeah, but I wanted it to be I wanted it to be the last thing that we said
In this break, so now I have to say it again maximum fun org slash join
Hit it you want it there. Yeah. Do you want to hey, should we say hi to the wizard and just approach them quiet? Yeah, don't
Don't like jump out and
Thank you
this
Smart yeah, yeah
Gross, it's not gross. It's beautiful. You calm me down. You relaxed me. It's gross to give your brother
as there are a nice head gift from me Justin McElroy
ASMR I wouldn't say that you gave me tingles
I got tinky-winkies, but it's fine
And of course they originated from my nipples as all as they do
That's the that's what Travis calls the epicenter
Yeah, it goes then down under the armpit swirls around in there for a while then up the skull down into the nostril out
Of the mouth and down to the taint comes close to the taint, but then it swerves back the last thing
Anymore oh, yeah, what's wrong? Lots of people sent this one and thank you
We're comfortable talking about our bodies with each other. I'm field
I'm actually comfortable with the amount of comfort that we have about that particular subject
This is how to be okay at your first attention. I
I love that. I wish I would love an article. That was just how to be okay in general
Yeah, I think we could all use that wiki how article you never got
There's also lots of first things that I've done in my life that I wish I could go back and be okay at the first
Yeah, I don't need to name them, but you could probably fill in a lot of the blanks
You've never gotten a detention before right?
But today you just happen to lie about getting an A on an assignment that you never did and your teacher finds out oops
That's terrible. But today it won't be what what what kind of lie is that?
Also, why would your teacher care? Yeah enough to give you detention. I got an A on the math test
You were absent during the math test. You have detention now. That's not really a punishable
Thing. Yeah. Have you all ever had detention? Did you all ever get detention? Yeah me. Yeah
I got
Yeah, one time I got it one time me and Eric Stokes were cutting up in the library cutting up books damn
You must have been cutting up real hard
Yeah, it was pretty intense cutting up. I can't remember what I did, but I did
Justin do you remember the guy? I think was at our middle school Griffin to who on in spirit week always wore the Star Trek uniform
Yes, holy shit. Yeah, how's your memory that good Trav?
Oh, I don't remember his name Griffin, but I remember the guy who wore the Star Trek uniform at least once
Yeah, man, he is cordially invited to our podcast. Whatever whenever you want host into the zoom call. I was in
His room for detention once it was like an all-day thing
Which was also weird and I just remember I'd finished my work like two hours in and I had some comic books on my backpack
So I was a real cool dude and I was like I finished my work
Can I just sit here and read comic books and he was like, yeah
And it was not that bad all things considered everybody
detention kind of ruled
I'm I'm really glad to hear that mine was uneventful
It was in the art room and I got it because I accidentally
Knocked a table over and it hit Ashley filling her in the leg
I got they did not like that
her mom was a teacher and so I feel like there was like a little bit a little bit of like
I don't get she didn't get hurt or anything and it was an accident and then she wrote on the pink slip
In an attempt to try and be cute Griffin flipped a table over it
Is that fair like give me the detention but you don't have no I'm asking you now
Is that were you trying to be cute?
I was I was goofing but I wasn't like this will be cute. I'll hurt this girl's leg
Yeah, like that's not my sort of vibe. Anyway, you have anything you want to say Ashley?
I'm really sorry Ashley like I I didn't even hit you that hard
and it and it was an accident and you did forgive me right away and you actually felt bad that I got detention which was
That should matter that should count for something
There should be she wasn't person. She wasn't pressing there should be an option for that right?
Oh, I remember once my friend hunter went to sit down in a chair and because of ADHD and impulse control
I pulled the chair moved it and he fell on his butt and he literally said why did you do that?
I said hunter. I have no idea. I'm so sorry
Like what happened over there and honor was like nothing. Don't worry about it. It was fine. So solid hunter
It was a solid move hunter
Okay, so step one get the detention your teachers just talked to you and you are crying. This is bad
This is bad
Especially if it is at the beginning of the day because then you'll just have the worst day ever
You need to take a breath and dry your eyes
This time is about you ask if you may go to the restroom if you need a few minutes to yourself
That is so strong if you have a full fucking
Breakdown and you're like may I be excused to collect my thoughts for this heinous punishment that you have laid at my feet
Now I'm sorry
I could make the argument that it'd be way worse to get right at the end of the day when you think like oh
Only five minutes left and then I get to go home and play all the banjo-kazooie
I want and then the teachers like you have to stay an extra like hour and a half or whatever and you're like what?
To have the run if you have all day
To get used to the idea and cancel your plans mentally. I don't write banjo and kazooie are waiting for me
Yeah, I have made commitments that I intend to keep teacher. You don't understand. They are they only get to live while I play the game
If a friend or acquaintance even an enemy asks what is wrong
Do not tell them the whole world does not need to know what just happened
That is your information for you to know and for them not to find out
Hey, I heard you flipped a table over on Ashley fillinger. I don't know
anything
Anything about that actually that does not sound like anything I would do does it you must have a response?
Oh, is that what's going around? Oh?
Interesting. I never thought that you would be one to fall prey to rumors and
Are you Fleetwood Mac because you're making a lot of rumors try to talk to the teacher
Don't make excuses and don't try saying you didn't do it because they might think you are lying
Just explain what happened and tell them that you're sorry
Let them know even if you don't truly that you understand why you're in trouble
Tell them and be true to your word that you will not let it happen again. I mean
You I've never known a teacher. That's like okay
Undetention no detention. I mean if you sold it hard enough
But also I like how a wiki had just slipped in there in the middle even if you feel nothing inside
Apologize anyway, even even if you don't understand why you got yeah, I won't do it again, or I will do it again
Which one is the is it? I'll do it the same amount
I just remembered that I this is not a particularly fun memory
But I got the tension on the last day of high school. I attended
Because they had started to crack down
Like really really really hard on being late for first period because apparently it was just like an epidemic
so they had like a zero tolerance policy that they
started doing this this one day and
The last day of school mom was no no no my last day of I didn't attend
The last like month of my senior year of high school
Because mom was in the hospital and I had stayed overnight
And so at the Alex that my friend who picked me up from school or picked me up and drove me to school
We were like coming in late and somebody was like, hey, I'm sorry
You got detention now and I looked at them with this look of like, oh, but oh man, you're gonna feel
Pretty bad about this later
I didn't say anything and the detention was I had to like clean up the lunch tables and like wipe them up
and so like I dutifully attended my
My table wiping at lunchtime and then the like vice principal of the school like came up was like you don't you can stop
You don't have to do that
And then I and then I called you Justin and you came to pick me up and I never went back to school
When you get home, especially if your teachers contacted your parent
They might be ticked off to say the least
Start start and this seems like bad advice by asking them how many detentions them and their spouse have ever gotten
Oh, wow, that's so good. Yeah, I flipped a table over on Ashley fillinger
What about what about you father and and what about you mother or father's spouse?
Tell me a mother and or father's spouse
Let them know Einstein even got in trouble every every night then
Table over on lots of other innocent students on Ashley phones your senior
If they won't quit interrupting you tell them respectfully, please let me explain I understand I made a mistake
Could you please let me explain what happened?
Step three. Yeah, step three. Keep your grades up. What step? Oh, yes
Codex 5a do remember to keep your grades up
Step six when explaining don't cry talking your big boy. Slash girl voice. Are they both ready to explain?
How the full story even the mistakes dad dad spouse. It's your mom. Just hey mom
Dad dead spells. No, I do want to say where the fuck do you two get off?
Did you flip?
First tell me of your sins
Yeah, you have to ask your parents to speak on their sins when you're not in trouble
Yeah, that's so essential them to admit to stuff that you can then store away and uses ammunition late
I hope my kids try to drop that on me
So I can inform them that the whole point is to try to make humans that don't fuck up as much as yeah, right?
That's humanity. It's just like incrementally fucking up
Let's see the problem for I would say all of us is that our children have I would say hundreds of hours of examples of us
Fucking up very yeah, right. They're gonna be like, let me go to YouTube. Give me one second
I'll find audio evidence of you doing this exact thing. Oh, what's that?
You're mad at me for flipping a table on to Ashley fit into the third one moment
Be respectful while you're in detention
If you're not that's a good way to get another detention and get grounded because it takes two
To get grounded it takes it takes two detentions to get grounded in pretty much your household
I think we can all agree with that. That's standard. Anything else is a violation the Geneva Convention. Absolutely
Um, that's it. That's it. I think that's a good thing. I had you don't want to break down at your first detention
because it's a sign of weakness and then they'll just want to keep giving you detention because they get off on whatever small amount of
Power that they can hold over over use you developing people, you know
What if you what would you guys think about if they were like you have detention and you were like awesome
Thank you, not since you're not a sarcastic way sincerely like oh, thank you guys. Thank you so much
And they're like what I was like, I love it. I love that's so badass. And then you there will be like keep it up
You don't get more detention. Like I love it
You have a month at attention like make it a year
Structure I just love I'm into it. Yeah. Thank you. I
Have a new segment what I wanted to try just for the max fun drive. Okay, cool service spin-off
Okay
Is that all right? I want it. It's a good time to do. Yeah, I need it
Bustin makes me buy stuff
This is busting makes me buy stuff and it's a segment that is not unlike haunted doll watch except it is the tools that you
Need to detect and and capture haunted dolls of your own and bust to emboss
Um, that's a feel good. Our glasses are the subject of today's
Sorry, or time or a glove or a you are a or a glasses ghost hunt
And this is the list the title of the listing is or glasses ghost hunting paranormal equipment
I are EMF UV torch detector REM pod. Okay, I just that SEO you gotta get it
I would say that just on like on paper or a glasses does sound like a sponsor we would use
Right, and we would save you like 15% off your aura glasses. Did you know aura glasses are made out of recycled?
Ghosts shoes and ghost meat for every pair of aura glasses that you buy. We someone in me
She will also be able to see guys
Here's the quotes from the front of the box
Or glasses see or is instantly and the quotes are not sourced to anybody but they are in quotation marks
Fast delivery awesome products and they work, huh?
Amazing glasses my Reiki students. Love them. Hmm. Okay
Helpful seller saw my aura instantly in mirror. Thank you
And lastly works as described I could even see ghosts with them. Well now
Wow
Oras, that's great or aura glasses and aura goggles if you want to get do you want glasses or goggles?
Do you want or glasses or do you want to get a nuclear wedgie the last
These goggles well
These are their original and official copyright protected and trademarked brands established in
2004 the synthetic photo thermal dye used for highlighting auras, which is inspired by
Dicyanin dye is exclusive only to aura glasses and our goggles
Everyone is able to see auras naturally. Yeah, we know yes
But it can take a long time and effort to be able to do that the aura glasses enable anyone to see auras
Instantly, okay as well as looking at the human aura people use them for ghost hunting
Reiki scanning seeing orders in the environment such as animals and trees. That'd be this would be it might be great for hunting
That's my own editorialization, but it would be so nice to see a deer like I see you fuck
Oh, I mean, let's be a predator can see auras, right? That's
Predator sees the aura at a certain point. I'm seeing the auras of everything though
That might be is there a way to like filter to if I just want to see a squirrel aura or a bird aura
Or am I just seeing all auras all the time. They come with a neat
Official protective pouch cool. This is this is nice. I hear you guys got a lot of questions
Do you see the individual colors in auras through the aura glasses?
And now these glasses are designed to highlight the basic and this is in all caps shape
Okay, surrounding the edge of the physical body up to a few inches and presented as an electric blue color through the lens
Oh, I see. Okay, so you can't tell how angry or horny or tired
You know only through usual means right? I'm
Asking the aura glasses and you always see this on every product
but so you can tell that it's really
Effective here. The aura glasses are an honest product and they are not a scam
That's important to know or anything malicious and I personally am a spiritual person who does this for the passion and enthusiasm
So you can find a step-by-step user guide and then they have I mean
I will I'm gonna slack you guys the picture of the just so you can see the neat protective pouch
That is really pretty neat
Let me just slack your picture of the neat protective pal. Oh, there's that
That's all you can see all the you can hey
Why in that first top part does it look like someone's wearing a giant pair of glasses on their dick?
I don't know Trav, but we don't wait. I do want to I have even better news
If you guys will just be quiet for a minute and 20 seconds, this is just a special max fun drive bonus
Here we go
Aura glasses see auras instantly if you want to see auras instantly even without any prior spiritual development
You can do so with aura views aura glasses
I've been a paranormal investigator for over 10 years and I'm part of a ghost hunting group
We visit lots of places and use all sorts of equipment and the aura glasses are by far our favorite as well as seeing
Spirit activity with the aura glasses they can be hooked up to other gear such as we recently mounted one onto our thermal camera
During a visit to an old mansion in England and the guys were literally left open-mouthed from what this thing captured
Absolutely incredible and for what they do. They are not at all expensive
Then now okay, let's pause
There's a lot this guy is a
Member of a ghost hunting group. Yep, and and oh, where did we use them? Oh, yeah, I remember it was some an old
Mansion just that it was no it wasn't just that no it was
Where ghosts come from like how we use the terminology you can hook them up
Which these are a pair of glasses and you put them on a camera you like taped
You like tape the glasses over the lens. Is that just held them up?
Yeah, you can connect them, okay, let's let's move on
The aura glasses work by the use of a groundbreaking
Synthetic photo thermo chemical compound this unique compound is what helps to instantly highlight
Subtle energy fields which otherwise are invisible to the naked eye
I do Reiki treatments and the aura glasses are my main tool for diagnosis and healing
Couldn't do it without them. Honestly, when you look through them, it opens up a whole new world
They're a quick way to sing auras without the need for years of self-development
Now I would like to know with this Reiki practitioner here before you had the org glasses. Yeah, what exactly?
I was just guessing just so it's just guessing before these my smell
I would have wave a hand and be like anything was that
Hey, Justin, wait, wait, wait 12 more seconds
The aura glasses are available to buy from official aura glasses calm and online marketplaces
Okay
I can't just say that I do not like that they invoked
Seeing like a whole new world or whatever it is because then it reminds me too much of that episode of are you afraid of?
The dark where they got some glasses from Sardos and then they could see yes za do
Accent on the dough. No, mr. Accent on the dough sent on the dough. They could see what look
Just watch this fucking episode. No, cuz I just watched it a week. Okay, cuz Cooper's like obsessed
Oh, I I just have that in my head all the time. Oh, and then you heat
You could see them and it was like a whole universe coming through to ours. I don't want that power
No, I think that was the curse of the secret the tale of the secrets back. I believe that's true. Yes. Yes
That one had a horrifying in the other way go back to Paramount Plus and go watch that bad boy
Fucked me. I'm good that one real real unnerving ball. What there's some of those that are like
They'll leave some leave some some fear inside of you. Yeah
Brutal it's brutal. So there's the aura glasses now now now now now now what would you pay? What would you pay?
Now what would you you're gonna see fucking those dude?
I'm gonna say only when I have them on I need prescription glasses unless these aura glasses come in prescription
I know you don't you wouldn't you would pay $20 because to you they're just sunglasses or perhaps in this case fun glasses
You don't think anything is really gonna happen with yeah, I'm asking griffin. Yeah that this seller by the way 99% positive feedback 1200
Transactions, so these things work a hundred percent. No, I'm not
I'm not saying this for the joke. I genuinely think that they cost $69 and 99 cents
Okay. Wow a huge range here. No, you are going to pay
A 39 99 pounds which is about 52 bucks and 17 cents, so
Huh a seal from griffin's point of view a ripoff from Travis's isn't that?
Well beauty is in the eye of the beholder or something if I could just I don't want to move on without
mentioning that there is a hundred percent a
If if these images if this this glasses that that price is a little
much for you to
to swing there is
Good news on the horizon
Okay, I'm sending now
Oh Justin now, this is one I could totally go for
Yeah, what do we see here
The x-ray specs not the classy plastic ones that you might get him up
It's 3d at Disney World
But rather like the paper ones that you might have gotten in the 90s to watch like an episode of Simpsons in 3d
These were delivered in a TV guide exactly. That's what we're looking at here
And the great thing is with these card bake these card or glasses. These are only $30
Yeah, it's like a huge and
Without any context whatsoever. They're at the bottom of the picture five stars
There's just a picture of just five stars on no idea what that's from or out of or
Referencing but hey five stars. Yeah, and what's the price on these? Does it say these are 30 bucks?
I did that did just made the 20 extra dollars for for the classier mom
They're not gonna wear I would never wear you wear these you wear these you're gonna look like a fucking gym. Yeah, you know like
whoa
Okay
Okay, just real quick. I do have to send them cuz I did just send you the economy model
And I don't want you to miss out
It's not it's not fair to you guys
whoa
Fuck the goggles looks so good. That's a look dude. That's what I gotta get
I gotta get the aura goggles right like absolutely overnight them so we can wear them on tour
Do they have overnight delivery for maybe for June I can I can get them here in time. Sorry. They're coming over from
They're coming over from British, so they would take a while to get across the ocean
It's good too because that also works for what 13th doctor cosplay
Which is nice?
You can use oh, this is good because you can use the aura goggles for 13 you use the aura glasses economy model for 10
You use the aura glasses for 12, baby
You're covered in a three out of the what five modern-day doctors
Yeah, nice, and and you see ghosts five stars
five stars seagull
This is of course
You know us. We are we have proven in the last 30 seconds that we make great use of our money
We are responsible
People to give your money to because we're not gonna buy
Goggles, you know we're not gonna buy fake
Ghost-hunting goggles, and you can trust us
We're trustworthy well, and we deserve it. I'll just say we deserve five dollars a month
Okay, if that comes from you or somebody else
I don't care, but I do need my five dollars a month
And I'm sitting here in my studio with my hand literally extended
Open money, please
Um that's not part of the max one drive out by the way. That's just Justin
It does say to speak from the heart, and so I feel like that is what Justin has just done
No, I mean it. It means it means the world
We've been able to do this for most of our adult lives now at this point and that is a not like in in like
Most of the rest of our adult lives. You know what I mean like I fully plan on kicking it at least 12 more years
Can I speak from the heart for a moment? Yeah sure cuz me and Justin doing a real dog shit job of it
One of the things I've missed most over the last two years is going to live shows and going to conventions
Because sometimes when we are doing these shows it's easy to sit at our computers
we record in three different places even and feel very disconnected from the people that we were making these shows for and
Doing the live shows and having the people there in the audience and sharing that moment
We're doing like conventions where we get to do like meet and greets and stuff is a moment where we get to feel
you know connected to the people we're making the show for and
We haven't been able to do that
But we have still done the max fun drives and it's always such a great reminder
Once a year that we're not just like putting these things out into the void
And that you know
We get to make these for people who appreciate them and that we get to kind of share that connection with people and so
I always get really excited around the max fun drive time because it's very energizing for us
And it's it's just always nice to be reminded that the things we make matter to people and I really appreciate it. Yeah
Yeah, absolutely. Listen five bucks a month. You get all the bonus content
You know about that ten bucks a month you get the bonus content you get the membership card
You get a cool patch all our patches look really great
$20 a month you pick the creativity kit you pick the hat you get all the other stuff. It's it's uh, it's a sweet
I would say set of stuff. They've got planned for the
Max fun drive gifts this year and we have a bunch of other sweet stuff planned to a lot of stretch goal
content that we have either created or are about to create and
One of them is actually so rotten that I don't want it to happen
So like yes, don't hit the goal. There will be a part of me. That's like whoo. Thank goodness for that
I'm also I just say I'm especially excited
There's a $35 level two with a messenger bag
But there's a hundred dollar a month level that gets you HQ access which includes
everything else mentioned before and
Quarterly virtual hang time with max fun hosts and staff and actually tonight as we're recording this
Teresa and I are doing one where Teresa will be showing people
different napkin folding techniques
My gosh, it's and I've seen her do them
They're all really cool while I like I'm going to be moderating with questions and stuff and I'm really excited about it
It sounds super fun. And we're excited to show people that stuff and like talk with people. It's really a great idea
a
Maximum fun org slash join is the link to go to please
Please think about joining and helping us out. Maybe you've been listening to our shows for you know, since their inception
But you've always thought I asked somebody else. So somebody else will support them be the chain
They need to be the be the support for us
Please. Thank you
Maximum fun org Ford said
Yeah, but I wanted to end and like do it while people are thinking about it, you know what I mean? Yeah, exactly maximum
I've been learning to drive for the past year making slow but steady progress
Something I found I've been doing is watching how people drive when I'm walking along a road
Looking at how they handle roundabouts awkward junctions, etc
However, a couple of times I've been caught staring at these cars as if I'm glaring at the drivers brothers
How do I communicate? I'm just watching and learning not trying to give them a death glare
That's from slow, but sure in Southampton. I mean, this is easy double thumbs. Oh, yeah, that is good. Great work out there
Dumber thumbs up you're driving. Yeah, this is like we need a great job horn, but
For pedestrians. I actually cars how good they're doing at driving if I were the driver
I would rather see that from someone on the sidewalk than someone
Like in another car next to me because that's the thing. I also do this as a driver where sometimes
Oh you I you know get hyper focused or zone out or something and I'm looking at someone and then I forget like that
I'm not just looking into a void or a television and that's another human being and then they turn and look at me and we
Make eye contact for a minute and if they like parts and open their door and said why are you looking at me?
I would have no answer to that
And so I'd rather look over to the side of the road and just see someone give me a big thumbs up
Make my day if a pedestrian tells you you're doing a great job
Mm-hmm driving that's got to be one of the greatest compliments you can receive because when you're in another car and
You see someone in a car. You're like doing a good job driving. It's like well, yeah
Because if I make an accident and smash into you
The airbags and everything like well, we'll be alright, but a pedestrian is like my life is in your hands right now
Mmm, because the opposite is definitely true
There's a lady in my neighborhood who I often pass and the look that she gives me is the most wither and at first
I thought it was just me but my friends who have like come over people I've talked to you like
Oh, yeah, that woman hates people in cars is the only thing we can determine and so I have drastically oh when I see her I
Become the most textbook like one mile under the speed limit
Like driver I can possibly be and yet still that with it. Well, it's not just her permanent face
Her face changes when she sees me in the car. I don't know what I can do
So you're saying that when she is not present and you're residential neighborhood
You absolutely rip shit down the lane
I'm just saying 20 20 miles an hour. That's
Is a joke. It feels like a fucking joke when I do that like
Anyone behind me is like he's not really doing 20
I mean like I know I know what the science is, but he's not doing 20, right?
We can do 25 and it's right like what's the fucking difference in a school zone?
I get it because their young brains
Aren't developed enough to know like I should not step in front of the big the big steel beast
Right that is that is car and I watch for children if I see that ball roll in the middle of the street
I stop it. I get it. I know what I swerve if I see a ball roll into the street two blocks away
I swerve into a tree. I say not not even gonna fuck around with ya. No way
I see a pinwheel like catching the breeze and but I know I
Get out and punch my own car in the front like the Hulk to save that kid
I see one of those signs that said that's like slow. There's children here
I will turn around and I will drive in the other
I'll sell my car just so that there's no risk if I know there's kids not in vehicles
Yeah within eyesight of me
I will stop the car park it get out and walk the rest of the way sometimes
I'll just 10 20 miles without a car just in case because I heard a child's laughter once in that city
Yeah, I mean just got to but in a residential area fucking
I'm gonna tear that shit up dog
Yeah, dude
The best is if you can get that swirl of leaves or a big splash of puddle and it's just like I'm doing it
This is a car commercial now, baby. Yeah
Splashes up on a kid carrying a big tuba in a funny
But then you also feel bags like oh shit, was that a kid was that a kid I thought it was just a sentient
Tuba case as a scarecrow with a tube and they got you they got you. That's how they get you slow down
Justin do you want to say anything about car safety around children?
Huge important. Okay, huge important. I agree
huge Jacqueline
Now, you know kids make sure you pay attention to this video is made by Huntington legend Justin McElroy
But you gotta know the rules of the road if you want to take one of these beautiful steel beasts out there
Hi, I'm Justin McElroy from podcasts. You may remember me from podcasts huge important you slow drive around kids. Thanks
What's that you they told me this video had to be 15 minutes. So now I'm gonna show you how to
I got a bunch of nectarines here. I'm gonna squish them and you imagine that's your head in a fucking car
You did but I am gonna eat one of these because I did skip breakfast on my way here
Now this video is gonna start with the 10-minute me unwrapping and eating a nectarine
But you imagine that's a like head blood from a car accident
I'm gonna be a brick wall. Oh this neck green is you my hand is the car. I guess in this scenario
I'm joined by professional footballer Willie refrigerator Perry
He's gonna run into me at 35 miles an hour to show you
Something about cars and impact and when I'm okay
And the next readings if you were eating a smaller person at the time of the impact, okay?
Here we go. I'm gonna make fridge Perry step on one of these nectarines
You imagine that's your head cuz you were trying to Doug you while driving
Okay, here we go. Wait, where are you going fridge? I remember one of those videos where they were like
Um it with Rex are so like forceful and terrible
That danger lurks all around
they said I once came upon a scene where a box of Kleenex in a head-on collision had
Rocketed up from where they were being laid on the backseat in the window had rocketed forward and like killed somebody and it's like
What do you want me to do with this? I mean step one don't put your Kleenex back there
so I can't okay like I took the Kleenex down but like are you really trying to like send me into a spiral of like
I don't nobody fucking knows man box of Kleenex. That's not you could go out
Final destination movie and be like don't smoke
In your car near a sewer pipe on the opposite end of a field where somebody is grilling some chicken
Or else it'll explode and the fence will go through you and cut you into a bunch of pieces
It's like I've been there all been there
Do you guys ever think about final destination and wonder if it okay?
Wonder if it was just a PSA on behalf of truck drivers who have logs on the back of their truck
And it's just like the whole movie was paid for by those drivers to keep people from tailgating them
Yeah, that was I think the biggest result of that movie. Yeah
I mean
I was already pretty scared of a truck carrying a bunch of logs on a place that logs aren't supposed to be like we destroyed
The logs so we could put down a road there right and I don't like that. The logs are kind of coming back
Yeah, but yeah that I mean it was an effective sort of marketing tool for the anti log sort of Lobby
Thank you so much for listening. I hope that you just one last request if you haven't done it already
We really rely on this. There's a lot of people that help make the show possible by the way
not just us who rely on your
generosity to to keep the show coming maximum fun org forward slash join
please take a minute and join and
Shows your support because we we we need it very much in the show doesn't happen without you and that can sound very big
And sort of general but like I'm talking directly to you. Yeah, you was listening to this now. Yes
We need you
Kerneth and if you just heard your name Kenneth, well, you know, you got to do it. Also Julie Ezekiel and
Ezekiel and Jedediah
Abraham so thank you. If you've done it before if if you can avoid that's huge
Rebecca come
Maximum fund our first last joy. That's good too. But really the gift is us. We're the gift
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, well, I mean we have a bunch of shit. We usually plug but do we really need to do that? No
We're just gonna tell you like
Please I'm gonna say thanks to montaigne for these for a theme song my life is better with you
You know how we paid montaigne for these for the money
With money your donations made it possible for montaigne
All right, please come
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah maximum fun.org slash join when you're hearing this
We just got back from a tour that I'm sure it was a success that set the Midwest
Ablaze that doesn't sound good. Wouldn't it be better if it was ruinous and we really need them. No, that's a fair point
I mean those were prognostic. We are gonna be touring again in June and
July we're gonna be in Boston and Mashantucket and Salt Lake City and
Portland and San Diego
And then we're also gonna be hitting up DC and Cincinnati and Detroit later in the year
You can find all that stuff at McElroy dot family
And I think that's it. Yeah
Griffin could you and this is a very specific request here, but I'd love love love to hear your Bill Murray
specifically from Ghostbusters 2
I can give you an osmosis Jones. That's the best I can do. Oh
Okay, we'll take it. Okay. I
Don't want to do Bill Murray, oh
Okay
Okay. Yeah, I know I I didn't know you had the right
Yeah, I don't want to do that because I don't think I can do a job. Yeah, Justin you do Bill Murray
Oh, no, no. No, this isn't my no. No, Justin's gonna give you a suggestion. Oh, okay. Oh, okay
Bill Murray and Ghostbusters. Oh, I got the ghosts
Someone hand me that dirty egg
The osmosis Jones starts with him eating a dirty egg and that's how
Threx
The connection I'm Griffey does eat a dirty egg and Ghostbusters, this is me my brother my brother me kiss your dad's grow the lips
Better it's better
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
