I want you to keep that big grain of salt and be ready to take it.
As you enjoy, Justin, Travis, and Griffin, ladies and gentlemen, McElroy Brothers!
Your advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, if you need me, let me know when I'm here around.
If you've got no place to go, when you're feeling down, if you're all alone, when it's
really cold, let me know when I'm here around.
Welcome.
I am already very sweaty.
And I'm spent.
Good night, ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks, good show.
Another classic for the record books.
We arrived here a couple minutes after Travis.
Travis got here, of course, to help set up.
Opening with the story, are we?
Yeah, I just thought I'd open with it.
We got here a couple minutes after Travis.
His co-workers were looking for us.
They don't know us.
Travis had come in to set up.
And the young lady sitting out there said, oh, you must be the brothers.
We said, yes.
She said, Travis said to look for you.
She said that one of you was blonde and one of you was fat.
Hand to God.
Hand to God.
I have no excuse.
One of them?
It's the dumbest.
Like, I'm not blonde.
I was in a rush.
You were so in a rush.
You don't know what the fuck hair color he has.
And there's other, the thing is, the fact that I'm overweight isn't even the first
thing people notice about it.
One, he's the best rapper of the three of them.
You will hear him drop beats and rhymes.
Just forget his homemade toffee.
Yeah.
If he's carrying a great plate of toffee, that's Justin.
Of course, I could also loop back into our original complaint about him being a portly.
Festive.
Festive.
You're never too short on time for manners.
Yeah, there's always time for, if there's one message we try to espouse on My Brother,
My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
Hi, I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
The blonde one.
You guys, maybe you can't see this from the audience.
I frosted my tips for this show.
So I can think of two things that are different for this show than our last live show.
Okay.
First of all, we don't have tangible microphones.
They're on our face.
It's weird.
They're attached to our face, which is great, because I don't know if you guys know this.
I produced the show, and I edited it, which I think are the same thing.
I pay you as though they're the same thing.
Justin pays.
I know.
It's riding up.
What's it doing?
Thank you.
Do you ever want to know what Griffin's glasses sound like?
They've got a lot to say.
They're super tender.
For a show, they're super tender.
They're super tender.
We produce a lot of sound that is just genuinely sonically unpleasant to hear, and I catch
it.
On our last live show, we had mics, so if we had to make such a sound, we could get
away from it, but this is going to be as raw as it gets.
You're going to enjoy listening to us drink.
Every gulp, every sip, every belch, every glottal stop.
Is that a sound that people make with their mouths?
A glottal stop?
Yeah, I think so.
Every sniffle, snort, sneeze.
Guys, buckle in.
Your ears are about to go on a roller coaster.
So that's the first thing.
Also, they look kind of like...
I feel like I'm in a boy band.
I don't know if you guys can see that.
I just have the cord.
I'm either a Kings Island performer or a founding member of S Club 7.
We also have...
Justin's sister-in-law is in the audience, who is how old?
She's 10.
10?
I'm a little too young to hear some of the words we're going to say on the stage.
So...
Hi, Riley.
Yeah, hi, Riley.
Hey, Riley.
They've requested...
The Smurl family has requested that instead of using earmuffs, this is the only time we
say it, like dick or...
No, no, no, that one's fine.
Or like a vagina.
We have to use the term front butt.
So as much as we can, we're going to interchange the two.
So just a little pre-show anatomy, terminology.
Fuck, it's so hot on this stage, you guys.
It's really hot.
Now it is.
My front butt is sweating so bad.
Oh, man.
Both of my butts are unblesantly damp.
I have to get out of here.
Yeah.
So let's get to the advice.
What do you think?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yes.
All right.
Let's get it wet.
Let's dump this melon.
I've given up on clothing.
Instead, I've opted for a uniform because I don't want to think about what I wear.
Several black t-shirts and several pairs of jeans.
It seems to work, but certain people around me think it's weird.
Are they right or am I on the bleeding edge of wardrobe efficiency?
Cole from Cincinnati.
Cole, are you here?
Cole, where are you?
Cole, where are you?
If you aren't wearing a black t-shirt and jeans, yeah!
Dedication.
I salute you.
To the goof.
Cole with a K from Cincinnati with a C. Well done, my friend.
Well, well done.
So first, before we really delve into the meat of the question, if people around you
think your clothes are weird, but you think it works, that's pretty much the definition
of your clothes not working.
If you're talking about clothes working, you are covering all your, like, gentle bits.
Yes!
You're protected from the immediate elements.
Like, yeah, I guess in that...
Yeah, in the attitude tigers and the ice age, you're safe.
Yeah, you're fine.
My favorite fashion catchphrase is Tim Gunn, who says, make it work for you.
Everybody else doesn't really matter.
Yeah.
So, that's point one.
Point two?
I love it.
I'm a big fan.
I'm down.
I think...
I have maybe five shirts.
Yeah.
Five shirts.
I have two pairs of jeans.
One of them I favor.
I favor this pair of jeans.
The other one, I'm not so hot on.
I think everyone has a favorite pair of jeans, right?
Yes.
Most people don't have, like, a swap-out, like a one-in-one-out system, like I do.
You only have two pairs of jeans?
You have, like, a favorite and then an off-court buddy.
I do.
That's what I call them, my off-court buddies.
They've...
See, Travis's jeans are almost exclusive.
You're wearing your only pair of jeans that are not covered in paint and soot.
That is correct.
I bought them two days ago.
Yes.
Thank you.
They're much smaller than mine, you see, because I'm the fat one.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That's...
Yeah, that's the whole show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show, Mr. Gentleman.
This is the most custom of Bim Bam ever.
Welcome to the grand finale of My Brother, My Brother.
My Brother, That Other Guy, and Me.
Who gets killed off?
Spoiler.
Travis.
So...
I feel like I'm getting cut, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, you're getting cut.
I think...
Like, I'm down with the whole, like, Doug Fonny ideology, too, wearing clothing.
Right.
You got a t-shirt, sweater vest, shorts.
Covered.
Unless I'm mistaken.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
You're getting cut off by Travis.
Unless I'm mistaken, that's our second Doug reference in 45 seconds.
Offar Buddies is from...
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Welcome to the live show.
How about Patti Mani?
She's a lucker, isn't she?
Yeah.
Anybody in here need more allowance?
I do.
Because I do.
All right.
What's up half of the alienated crowd?
How does it taste?
Wait.
Do you think anyone in here isn't on board with Doug?
Do you think anyone in here is going, what?
Some people might be Eureka's castle, I don't know.
That's fair.
So, what's up?
Have you considered actually investing in a literal uniform?
Well, a jumpsuit might work.
I like the interplay.
No, let's do it.
This is good.
Let's get raw.
Yeah, I can see a light on you now, Cole.
I think, yeah, a jumpsuit, some sort of janitorial tunic.
Some sort of oppressive imagery.
Some sort of, like a magistrate's garb.
Ooh!
Or maybe we don't have to go that specific.
What about just like a sailor, like a sailor thing?
Yes.
And I'm not talking like a modern seaman.
I'm talking about like a blue and white sailor.
Oh my.
Oh, okay.
Wait, now, what kind of sailor was that again?
Like a sailor.
Sailor.
Sailor.
Listen, he's excited.
He's excited about his nautical craft.
Aren't all sailors?
Yeah.
They love to.
Really?
Yeah.
So, Cole, in closing.
Be a sailor, become a sailor.
Become a sailor.
Just walk around the docks like,
anybody need a hand?
No, don't do that.
Actually, no, I thought about it twice.
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
That would require an entirely different kind of uniform.
Oh, man.
Oh, something stainless.
Yes.
Something, lot of mesh.
Something that really features my front butt.
Something that really shows off that FB.
How about a Yahoo?
Hey, how about one?
This one was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
In heaven.
He is, he died and he's in heaven now.
It is by Yahoo Answers user, Jessica, who asks,
am I the only one who has a phobia of hot tubs?
I have an epic fear of hot tubs.
I was electrocuted by one before, and I've seen people
on 1000 Ways to Die die in hot tubs
for a few different reasons.
If I get, they had a whole special.
How many different reasons?
We'll get to that.
There was a raccoon in there with rabies.
Maybe you're in a hot tub and someone shoots
and stabs you to death.
If I get close.
I'm in a hot tub, I gotta eat coli.
If I get close to one, I have a panic attack.
I know it's silly, but I'm so afraid I'm gonna die in one,
and it has nothing to do with drowning.
Nothing to do with.
I was just wondering if there was anyone else out there
who's afraid of hot tubs, not drowning or drains
or electrocution, but just hot tubs in general.
Get that fucking thing away from me, man.
What kind of life are you living that day to day
you are confronted with hot tubs
to the point that you can't avoid them?
Right.
Or he's in a cruise ship.
Yeah, maybe think before you talk.
What is the scenario exactly in which a hot tub
poses a threat to you?
That's not electrocution.
Not electrocution, not drowning.
I can't think of any time where I haven't looked
at a hot tub and gone, ah, cool relaxation
is coming my way.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Time out, time out.
Cool relaxation?
Cool, like.
This is cool.
I think you're familiar with the concept though, right?
not just like okay fine it's either if I gotta do a hot tub that was cool I bet
oh you got me
you either get this is a bowl a hot a hot hot I don't know soothing water
experience you go on a raunchy time travel adventure with your three best
friends either way I know that's what they're afraid of that's terrifying yeah
you're there with Rob Cordray and John Cusack and it is terrifying Griffin will never forget the time he was trying to make people who
paid him to laugh and he mentioned hot tub time machine does that a thousand
ways to die on stage yeah I Griffin McElroy I I don't like like you've been
short on advice like just stay away from like don't go near hot tubs maybe like
if you hear like rolling I do hot tub no yeah I hear say yes I hear rolling
water I hear you guys ever encountered a surprise hot tub like you turn the
corner and it's like oh what's that what's that pit of foamy spew it's like
oh fuck it's a hot tub no I've got a boy scout induction that I want you hot tub
no it doesn't it's always on vacation how do you relax your joints without hot
tubs it's like a fucking bathtub could be in an idiot Jessica it's a fucking
bathtub that's like square instead of rectangular you dummy do you think she's
afraid of bathtubs too like like if there was someone rounded out their bathtub
she would freak out as it was do you think I do you know what I have a
theory I think it is the communal experience of a hot tub over a bathtub
which I totally agree with because we've talked about how does before like you're
getting your balls particles in a soup with everyone else's balls particles and
who knows like what kind of convection is going on in there I think though that
if this was a pubic fear it would be specifically mentioned I have enough
faith in Jessica that she would provide us she's afraid of the pubic ionic
bonds that are going on in this hot tub what kind of show did this turn into you
we have a ten-year-old in the audience guys listen you're right this is weird
people came here for real talk this is real as it gets right sometimes your
front but you soak it in water and what yeah and what it expands like a dinosaur
in a phone
oh god oh if only oh it's a chicken so much fun it's a my wife and I were on
vacation and we saw a very peculiar sight we saw another couple with their
baby but you see their baby had pierced ears real piercing what would make
parents think this is an okay thing to do to a baby in arms follow-up would
fuck but actually do that to their baby puzzled in paradise um before we get
it again I hate to like stall on the wisdom how close did you roll up on this
that's what I want to know that that was my first question too is how do you know
they're not like clip-ons yeah you just jack my mic I had it set specific
inspector baby hey do you mind if I get right up in your baby like by his head
which is like his most delicate part yeah it's just like boy baby's ears no
that's how I hit me like I we're not talking about no no no no listen you our
minds went to entirely different places cuz you're thinking like fucking like a
porcelain doll like fashion baby I'm talking about like a cool ass surfer
bro baby like like the body of babies like Bodhi like bloody baby Bodhi baby
he's on his little baby surfboard and all the other baby surfers are like
Chaz what's up like Chaz where's your Chaz baby Chaz baby where's your face
bling and he's like I don't my parents are total squares man like I don't know
what to tell you those of you at home Griffin just did the square motion with
his fingers in 1962 I'm bringing it back retro I don't I don't know I think if
you don't let your baby get an earring your male fucking hip-ass baby if you
don't like that sweet cool baby get an earring then you're a fascist and what
about a face tattoo whatever that baby if that baby wants to get a Mike Tyson
tribal face tattoo fucking let him because that baby this is my baby type
Tyson how thank you thank you for your pal old how old does a human being
because that's what they are like pocket-sized human beings yeah how old
do they have to be before they can start expressing themselves let's hear
audience that's right zero self-expression self-expression begins
at conception in baby a bull right as soon as seed touches egg it's like that
baby's like you know experimenting with I for real though don't pierce your
babies here's what are you doing although like I guess if it's a dude
baby you did just cut the tip of his dick off so it's like that's how I got
the tip of his front but you just cut off the end of the cheeks of his front
but like it's not like you're gonna hurt hey as long as we're piercing stuff
what's up hey coolest baby ever baby with gauged ears yeah it's like you're
gonna you're gonna only get so wet like you get a brisk oh and it's like you
might as well just like as long as you're down there yeah yeah modify that
baby but a butter pimp that baby's oh and give him like the lizard ridge what
I feel like a lizard can you get my baby cat I want I want a baby I want my baby
working at a record store by the time he's 13 and for every year sequential
we've talked a baby front button off you want to go to Yahoo I would like that's
probably gonna steer us away from those choppy choppy waters baby genital
piercing gentle this one was sent in also by Jacob locker thank you Jacob as
always it's by Yahoo answers user Kelly are who asks how to start a letter to a
friend that's in jail that's it that's it yeah that's it no like details of
what they're in jail here I'll make him up or my friends in jail I would like to
correspond with my friend but I'm too much of a pussy I'm too much of front
but to go and talk to him in person do you have an easy an easy intro you can't
be like I feel it like I feel this this this Cali are because you can't just be
like salutations like there's there is there are two wrong ways to do this and
the first one is to blow right over the fact that they are incarcerated did you
go see bridesmaids yeah you can't see any movies they let him see prison
movies what do you can you explain escape from Alcatraz like that like now
see I thought that same thing Shawshank no Shawshank the wrong that's what I'm
saying like you don't want to give these prisoners any ideas are there any movies
where there are people who are in jail they're like yeah this is pretty fucking
cool okay I can lift weights and stuff like all my friends are not well they're
not here but my new friends are they show Shawshank but they cut it at the
part where Morgan Freeman wants to go back to prison and like they have a
little credits that come up at the end like and then he went back to prison and
he was super happy prison awesome he totally regretted his top his time with
Tim Robbins much like Susan Sarandon
there was a prison version of that movie where he he goes to read was that was
that Morgan Freeman movie read I don't know he goes anything can I get a rock
hammer and he's like nope
no you may not the prison edit have fun in prison forever
so that's the first way the second way is to joke about it too soon like you
got a can to rattle against those bars or like you've gotten like your has
somebody touched your front bite in like a way that you didn't particularly
enjoy interest yeah soap jokes are like right out the window I don't know is
there any way that that sort of splits those uprights I mean you could talk
about the awesome things you do on the outside yeah we think that enjoy that
like I did just see bridesmaids and it was a revelation I enjoy the tweeting of
birds and the child's laughter like that can they not cannot bring birds into
the jail oh I like your right face I'm pretty sure so many times I got a bird
that just seems I watched the prison edit though it might yeah it's at all
all aviary life just got cut right out of that right up you it highly depends I
think on how long they're in the clink if they got 20 years ahead of them you
got you got to catch him up well no you got to say how terrible shit sucks out
here man what tell him terrifying news on the outside I think that would get
around
the sky is lit with fire now where you are but everywhere else it's made a
circle around your business and out here it sucks so bad you're the only safe one
they outlawed ice cream what are we doing you gotta come back we need you
here my wife's cousin and I their wife are staying with us overnight next week
our house has no guest room my wife says that we need to offer our room to her
cousin because that's a polite thing to do I say that they are not expecting
extreme comforts considering the fact they are one not staying in any of the
nearby hotels and two we didn't invite them they called and asked they called
and asked if it would be okay if they stayed in our place what do you think
this was fight worth fighting that's from be rad be rad no matter what we
decide it's about to be if you're here Brad are you here very smart Brad nice
job very cunning have we considered that be rad is short for like Bob rad hey
what's up I'm Bob rad I want to be honest I made up that name okay okay
that's good my bad did you make up the question to the question is there okay
wait are you is this a bit are you did you make up a name for someone well
let's just say I made up the name based off a real name I think you can put
together with that real name okay so the guy is like what the fuck you feel like
that's your goof is like Brad and a be rad get it you're off the show I think I
know why be rad didn't raise his hand now that that Brad is divorced from me
now that's another Brad it's a parallel universe Brad that calls himself be rad
good work Travis you created a splinter universe so is it worth is it worth
fighting I think unless your life is in like mortal danger that it's usually not
worth fighting that's my you know my my marriage tip for everybody but uh so
we're gonna go ahead and assume that no it's not worth fighting but then we're
gonna go into a pretend universe okay never fight about it be rad though you
know him he's crazy fucking scrappy yo fucking pull a knife on have you been
like lying the whole time like how much have you made up in these all of them
just pretty much okay listen Travis did doesn't know shit he's got to be advised
constantly about every single thing on the earth
wow this is every answer every yahoo question to all Travis gots to know about
hot tubs he's very afraid shit yeah although that would be pretty scary so
my wife's cousin listen I I think it's it's it's probably like if you fight
about too much there's probably a good chance you'll end up sleeping on the
couch anyway so why not it's a yourself some a question of how tangential that
cousin is is it like you're fuck I don't know what a cousin is a brother's
sister's son right like a dad's and Travis is the bad guy you don't know
what a cousin is okay a cousin is your is your brother's your dad your dad
it's your daddy's sassy son or son or daughter what right yeah so I think if
it's that close then man yeah I mean doesn't it I think cousins aren't close
enough that you they get the normal like familial privileges I think that you
have to how close you gotta be how close you gotta be I think immediate family
ob's grandma grandpa they're old they get the bed they need that bad yeah
yeah have you seen their bones they're they're everywhere they're everywhere
they're literally used to jangling in a jingling I thought you meant like what's
this in my refrigerator oh it's grandpa's bones again the bad news is if
you you will have to sell your mattress afterwards because they're gonna hold it
up oh you're not gonna get rid of that smell that new old person smell you
can't get that out so Brad long story short be rad you mean be rad you are
right if that's what you want you are right you shouldn't have to give up your
bed but you're gonna have to give up your bed yeah right it's not this is not a
battle you're gonna you're gonna win or is really worth fighting I mean nobody
you know what sleep under the stars maybe and then maybe you can make a
wish that your cousin's not there I wish I didn't have any cousins I wish I'd
never pulled him out of that lake when he was seven revisionist history there
that's not Brad though that's be rad beer as an asshole be your Brad master
Brad would never would never allow that like Brad prime we're having a crisis of
infinite Brad you know what I mean I think you need a yahoo answer this one
sent in by Jacob Walker I swear I thought I arranged these so that it
wouldn't just be the Jacob Locker show but that's all right you didn't call me
fat today you're on a roll rest of my life we're gonna change the name of the
show to fatty toe head mean guy I would I would be I would be satisfied with just
fatty and toe head actually I mean it's also we're making changes whoa whoa got
real got real real got really real I did you know about that show my brother my
brother me I saw the last one it was pretty pretty sad Jacob Locker is here
to save us from this moment it's yahoo answers by yahoo answers user Mike who
asks possible for a guy to dress a girl up as a boy and sneak her into his home
you know but is it possible for a guy to sneak a mistress slash girlfriend into
his family parentheses wife mother kids etc what's the etc
cause my mother kid cousin visiting cousins yeah it's possible to seek a
mistress girlfriend into his family home by dressing her up as a guy pal and
have her stay for a few days slash weeks what if you have her dress up in heavy
clothes to cover her breast her hey your guy friend looks like wicked weird like
what's up with his chest area because and give her a hat to hide her hair I
would never do this but I wonder could a guy actually pull this off and succeed
so many problems with this question number one it's the same question as the
last one oh you're saying that the sneaky cuz I'm saying be rad sneaky cut
not Brad sneaky cousin is the best thing I've ever heard yeah can that be a sex
move the sneaky cousin the sneaky cousin is when you sneak a woman dressed as a
man into your house she's all fat is that what that movie is with yeah she's
all that style into your house and then for weeks at a time and then you guys
touch front butts well one of her breasts hang out of her concealing like
oh god what are you saying sneaky cousin is not it's also my favorite
barclay side project what's up I mean no yeah like no that's not possible I
think the nation would be executing this move if it were feasible right yeah like
it would get this would catch on like wildfire or physically possible have you
been on the internet like people spread weird they're planking come on you don't
think this one this how is this less weird than laying oh man I'm oh have you
seen my flicker gallery it's all just I'm she's all that thing all over the
place I have so many problems with this question the first performance being
like first of all how are you gonna pitch like it's just my buddy like I'm
gonna be his room I know he's got one female breast but let's not talk about
that he's chainmail sure listen we're gonna
chill we're gonna chill up in my room and like maybe just slide some I know I
never mentioned him before and I have no pictures up and he looks like a chicken
dudes clothes I know looks like my friend Sheila who you know and I'm not too fond
of it's gonna sound like we're porking but we're just getting really good at
foosball also I'm gonna buy a really proud of how well we're doing yeah I'll
say you're you'll never see the foosball table if you look at a psychic foosball
yes I am foosball it person clothes style if you look directly at the foosball
table will not be there what's up somebody on yahoo one of the answers
said watch she's the man I fucked up the name of the movie I got corrected by
yahoo answers if you need me I'll be in the bathroom
sweating my wrist yeah get that gunmetal taste they're right well you're done
with that question I'm just now you're embarrassed and you're so we're moving
on no no no let's I mean if we have more things to add on the she's the man yeah
I think well I think we could probably do like if anything's like a but worse
idea I like that mother who's included there just in case anyone was wondering
because if you can get past your wife that's cool but if your mom goes what's
the deal well she's got maternal you're a feminine friend she's got maternal
insight she knows she knows when you two have been just rub two hands together
she knows what you've been working on a plan to kill Superman I've I've worn
glasses since I was three years old but recently I've been feeling like they're
keeping my sexy back I've I've been thinking of maybe ditching them in
favor of contacts or LASIK but at the same time I'm a total nerd and I feel
like the glasses kind of reflects some street cred there in senses glasses no
glasses help skeptically be spectacle
are they here no no and fuck them listen whoa straight up I don't care what you
do I usually don't but don't get LASIK like don't get LASIK I'll tell you why
it's because they cut off the tip of your eye with a laser right like that
is like an hybrid it's like a ninja where the sword comes in it's like I'm
just gonna take a little off the top and it's like a barber he's like a ninja
barber I guess and like oh wait just to jump back tiny ninja laser barber yes
and he cuts off the tip of your eyeball so you can see better like you know how
LASIK works as far as I know no no I read it I saw a documentary on
Discovery Channel they get a tiny ninja barber with a laser beam that cuts off
the tip of your eyeball I don't think that's accurate at all that's what
you're singing with that's my story I've read 1984 a few times I'm pretty sure
that the people who when they go to the place and the guy says I'm gonna shoot
your eye with a laser but trust me it's all cool those are the people that are
first with their backs against wall when the revolution comes that's all I'm
saying if you'll buy that line of laser propaganda double talk I think you'll
believe anything I think LASIK is double plus good I get if I were to get some
sort of corrective eye surgery I would definitely get it at the Ministry of
Love you mean the last one yeah I was there it was good so they got into this
or William or well Ian but it went 20 minutes and then they ended in they
said they were done forever because one of them called the other one fat it was
weird I I thank you I don't like just wear the glasses glasses are like a
watch for your face if you think about it because they're like what other
accessories no what other accessories do you are you allowed to wear here as a
gentleman ladies get all kinds of things they get unless you're a cool surfer
baby do mouth guard you get earrings you're saying like a mouth guard like
like like a permanent mouth guard you mean a wrestling team of football team
okay so like hold on no no no let's get back to this I pass is this a is that a
fashion statement or is that a security concern are you afraid that somebody's
gonna come in and check your jaws at any given moment you have to protect your
teeth I'm asking why you're wearing a fucking mouth guard Travis answer my
question because you know you wouldn't answer my question but you have to take
out your spittle covered mouth guard nice style Paco nice fashion nice
fashion mouth guard although if those do catch on copyright that's all right can
we get them branded so like what's your say juice and it will be juicy if you
have it in your mouth I used to wear one of those an Invisalign and there is
nothing less attractive you can do at the high school lunch table than like oh
yeah hold up baby what were you saying no don't smell that no no no no I have
to put these in the lead vault I keep in my fucking backpack is the smell so bad
who would think that a tiny who would think that a tiny petri dish you keep in
your mouth for 18 hours straight would adopt an unpleasant scent yeah wow wow
what a turn the show took what a weird funny I guess turn this took about your
mouth funk so Griffin this one was sent in by
golly a ollie thank you golly a ollie it's by Yahoo answers user Dean got to
go everyone dead everyone if they are golly a ollie and God if who gave her
the inspiration to find this if they're not here they're dead to me golly a ollie
asks and this is good there's a lot of hostility in this episode I think we can
work it out right here okay good good Dean asks what would you say if you beat
your brother in a wrestling match lol
couldn't get through that question without a gaggle good one you had a
wrestling match and you won landing on their face and pinning them down for the
three count but you were sat on their face so their nose went up in between
your bum cheeks like this and then he's drawn an emoticon to it's like a greater
than sign and then two inward-facing parentheses so it's like I'd like that's
not what my like that looks like you're putting like candy corn does he sell it
no but is he selling it I appreciate the diagram because without it like the
physics of that like my nose is not sharp or broad or rigid mm-hmm unless
even though you'd have to commit unless your bro was a real gay burp I'm not
sure can I say real his rear but his rear but
I'm talking about his back but and not his front but urethra we're straight up
talking just as back but what would you say to them at this point to humiliate
them and rub it in that you won all in fun this is just a survey my butt smell
like that would be a good start this is the best survey ever by the way if they
came door-to-door like hi I'm just a brief moment of your time if if your
brother's nose is in your bum cheeks what would you say you didn't you done
one that fight I liked it in that concept you have to say something to
humiliate them yeah like I think it's done done my god you've got my top
answer tough cookie who let the fucking tubercular person in here the live one
yeah it was good except for it they did a 20-minute orwellian bit and there was
a longer we all got it was totally bubonic we've all got a case of the
consumer we want it got a case the giggles in case the consumption top
answer tough cookies sugar
sugar that's what that's what this question needs more homoerotic overtones
the second highest answer by mark the answer says haha I won gay what's up
now you got me you got me you're practically performing anal
angus on me yeah what's up I win and a wrestling match I don't like this trust
me fuck fuck wrestling matching me just like
sitting on his face while he was asleep yeah yeah good morning good morning I
win I think that what you say is let's never talk about this ever ever again
listen go wash your nose we'll fucking like dad and mom are gone they don't
have to know I am moving out I'm moving out I'll see you in 20 years if anyone
asks we're playing a psychic foosball
I am bummed out now let's move on to a new question yeah um I'm a little bummed
to my ex-girlfriend of many years recently broke up with oh good this will
pick everyone's yeah can kick me out of our apartment obviously it didn't go
over well then but all is well now my problem is that now whenever I get on
Facebook she messages me and tries to catch up and tell me about how her life
is wonderful I try to just log off when I see that she's online but it cuts into
my time catching up with people who are still very important to me do I confront
her and ask her to stop do I ignore her when she tries or do I just keep doing
what I'm doing that's incommunicado in Indiana are you here then communicado in
Indiana here get real yes I appreciate with her or did she break up with you
okay all right you broke up with you oh fuck I wish it was the other one yeah
oh no no no no no well maybe she here okay
does she listen
what the fuck so she brings up with you and she's like doing great by the way
went to TJ Maxx found a really great fuck you what are you doing
founded you with a really sweet front but remember that time who knows up my
bum cheeks cuz I do enjoy TGI Fridays fuck stupid I forget the question is I'm
so angry yeah you I think you mentioned this when we were going over this list
but I'll remind you there's nothing you can say that to overvalue the classic
bitter icy gesture of an unfriendly she goes it is tantamount it is show it is
tantamount to murdering somebody on the internet yeah this is like a word Becky
go she's fucking gone she's goes she's been imagined away it's it she won't
know about it until she logs on her front page and Facebook says hey I
recommend you be friends with that this guy and and pretty good recommendation I
thought I was already nope you done fucked up you're incorrect
you used to be and then you fucked it up because he's cool and here there's also
the option of coming back with when she tells you how great her life is just top
it yeah like I'm president now I found a chest that go over something that maybe
she couldn't check up on like yeah what is your guys deal with like trying to
invent a new president I changed my name it's Barry Obama now you may have heard
wrecking stuff up in DC you know why don't why don't you just tell her well
you're on Facebook so not that good I guess good for you good for you
playing some Farmville I see maybe a bumper crop of radishes good good glad
to hear it you want a yahoo yeah thanks golly did we give him any practical yeah
we give him some good stuff not as practical as it gets Wow lie and say
you're the president that's the best she'll never go with Mantis evasion
apparently it's a pop that one's too busy to talk the Manti are really keeping
me busy oh is that not cool there it's totally cool here yeah they'll get you
eventually that's what I thought too they'd never get here they're gonna go
golly a ollie set this in thank you golly it's by yahoo answers user oh ran
is may Osmond thank you for the backstory excuse me what is that it's a
twilight name it's a twilight name twilight name
ran is may Osmond asks I salute you by the way I need so fuck I need someone to
play a Donny Osmond fantasy game with me
all you need to do is respond to this as if you were the hot man himself Donny I
love you I'm only 15 but I think you're a cutie do you like me I like you and
your music I often listened at puppy love will you dance with me sometime I
always dance around my room with a pillow pretending it's you I know this
probably sounds strange to you but I just think you're so handsome I can't
stop thinking about you oh man the first man to travel to space to inhabit
another planet will be Donny Osmond because you can't know that's out there
and not I'm out I have to get off this planet before I'm shuffled off this
planet my favorite thing about that question is the phrase you probably
think this weird now as if there is a circumstance in which that isn't weird
right that's normal I would say Vegas on the over under on you finding this weird
I don't know three to one I felt pretty good about you think this is weird let
me know if this affects the odds I danced a puppy love with a pillow which
I've put I put a wig on the pillow to simulate your your flowing flowing the
coolest thing about the internet is you know the old bit that like comedy is
tragedy plus stop it reduces that to zero oh god on the internet is instant
tragedy so here we go 15 man start now who the fuck is a 15 year old in love
with Donny Osmond yeah I'll tell you what is it she sounds like a hipster
right so it's like instead of what generational gap knows who Don I'm saying
that general occasion that generational gap has moved forward a bit so if like
if I wanted to be a hipster I'd be like oh man across we stills and Nash right
but like for her it's all Donny Osmond all the time I feel like that's a really
specific genre well fuck out specific like she's fucking crazy out of her mind
I want to know what Twilight character got her into Donny Osmond where did
where did she make the leap between like I like Edward wish he was a little
whiter I wish he had a sister who he might maybe fuck I'm a little bit
country I'm a little bit vampire I I'm a little bit all alone this is her oh now
it'll only be like that for her whole whole life
I think I'm gonna cat named Donny Osmond in a few years and by the way it's a
puppy is the gag you don't damn it puppy love right there I feel like let's
give it three years okay okay she's 18 she's of age now literally nobody else
knows who Donny Osmond fucking Marie Osmond is like hey what's Oh Donny God
I'm so sorry Merry Christmas
cuz it's Christmas time it's that you've built a world for your bit I built a
whole Donny verse if you will it's working out great for her yeah the Donny
verse that she's built for herself it's more of a prison like a permanent
emotional forever present it's circled around again by the way it was funny and
now what is the appropriate way to deal with an ex at a wedding the situation is
this we were together when a mutual friend got engaged we split up six
months ago we have not really spoken since then so I have no idea if she will
have a plus one or if she's even going I've since begun seeing someone else and
I would like to invite her to come with me to the wedding I'm concerned that if I
bring a date and my ex is there alone it could potentially upset her and I
wouldn't want to do that at this point at this point considering just staying
home to avoid the situation but I would hate to miss my friend's wedding RSVP
reluctant are you here RSVP reluctant what whoa whoa it got weird uh fuck it
you won you won fuck it you know this is not a contest yeah it's always a con
yeah like you totally you already have the winning handle unless she shows up
with two dudes or a dude and a half it's like eight and a half feet tall
Jesus what if it's one of the burn Troyer like that or just Donny Osmond who
I would consider a dude and a half yeah or a pillow covered in tears either way
that's negative that's negative ten dudes yeah listen you got a beater you
gotta win gotta win gotta win gonna have to assume that she's gonna show up to
that joint with Bradley Cooper on her arm and it's like you got what yeah I'm
saying maybe she knows Bradley Cooper I'm saying maybe she knows Bradley
Cooper I'm saying she knows Bradley Cooper not mr. Cooper she's not hanging
she's not hanging she is that she's gonna make that joke at the wedding
because it's gonna be awkward she doesn't know Brad very well oh be right
she doesn't know Bradley good like she is hanging with Bradley Cooper you mean
be Radley Cooper if she shows up with Bradley Cooper and be Radley Cooper then
you're in trouble because that's a splinter verse situation I would say you
just go like I think you're past the point of it's nice of you to care but
you don't have to yeah you're done with that listen did that all in the
relationship you don't have to care now what you do six billion people on this
beautiful globe a good percentage of them you gotta say fuck it all right I
don't mean I don't mean that like I mean you just gotta your heart is this big
you don't have room for people that aren't in it anymore so they're kind of
over there you're you should be busy caring about your date yeah yeah hey
is it gonna be weird for your date cuz then you've got it don't even worry
about that all you got to worry about is getting your front but what
that's that is the truth that's that's some raw truth I like that cuz you don't
you don't have to give a shit about her here's what you do you you worry about
your front but and that everything else is just gonna fall into place cuz either
one or two things gonna happen she's gonna beat you she's gonna show up with
Bradley Cooper you can't there's no female on earth as equivalent to Bradley
Cooper on the other end of the spectrum right so she was like wins with a Trump
card like unless you become the guy that beat the shit out of Bradley Cooper
which let's get realistic did you he's not gonna happen it no zero chance he is
a dreamboat he is a dreamboat and a pugilist
you learn how to fight from Quentin Rampage Jackson and Liam Neeson they
told your other option is to get Quentin Rampage Jackson or Liam Neeson to go
with you just as moral support I think you could probably do it they'll defuse
the situation much like I imagine they defuse the bomb in the hit film the a
team I haven't seen no I'm told it your third option is just try to make her
feel bad for you what's up like fine solo this time I see you brought Bradley
Cooper Bradley I loved your hangover I haven't seen hangover part two but I
assume it's good I've been trying to get a girl to go with me to it but you know
golden movies alone it's hard because I don't have your I mean your good looks
or your self-confidence your money your money your or your love making skills
I'm assuming I don't know I'm gonna wait in line for the aperitifs Oh Susan is
great to see you Bradley nice to meet you putty in your hands after that right
she'll leave Bradley Cooper to go to go see right I gotta go check up on him
I'll be right back what are you doing and that bomb the puppet master I thought
you were like I'm pretending to massage Bradley Cooper so I will tell you wow
yes the tiniest show that's option for option for whoa it's seduced the fuck
out of Bradley Cooper better luck next time Susan this is mine this is my
scoop of man candy make sure you tell your date beforehand with the planet
yeah check out we're gonna get a weird three-way with Bradley Cooper we're
gonna hang our balls over from each other are like a child's party toy hey
how about a yahoo answer yeah please
how much time we have left ten minutes go Jesus this one was sent in by Blake
thank you Blake it's by Yahoo answers user idiotic who asks if drugs are
legalized does that mean I will find needles and used items in my hamburger
slash food when legalization passes and heroin addicts are accepted into the
service sector hey of course hey dog what do you think heroin addicts are
doing now oh that's a good point when they legalize it and they have to quit
their jobs as professors and doctors right Reggie that's a Reggie that's a
pretty sweet score that you have there what are you up to nowadays oh I'm a
bank manager slash heroin addict I managed a Chase Bank on the corner and
on the weekends I just fucking pound that hammer 2007 yeah they do work at
McDonald's that's a lot of people didn't know that not only not exclusively
McDonald's like people who work at McDonald's they used to work at
heroin addicts and not only that when they work at McDonald's put their use
needles directly into this like just fold the burger patty around it no one
will notice this feels like more than a quarter pound yeah I put a put a syringe
in there enjoy that it's got it's full of special sauce
wank okay point one if they were McDonald's they don't have the money
just be throwing needles away like they're gonna second use those I would
say my more direct question is what conversation is going on in America
right now that's like maybe we should legalize heroin is that a thing that's
going on did I miss the conversation in Washington heroin here's what here's
why you'd pass it heroin is the only drug I can think of that is not a
gateway drug
the fucking guy yeah thank you after going through nine or ten gates and it's
like well I'm here you guys unless you consider the fun and excitement of
working in the fast-food industry a drug I'm hooked on the problem is if you if
you if we pass a law that says heroines totes cool go crazy somebody is gonna
invent crackle in which is you just take crack and you pour it into heroin like
that's the next step crackle ins are actually the proudest
tribe of native that's true it's history it's hard to judge like it's hard
there's no metric for pride but we're pretty sure it's the crackle and yeah
mmm mmm that's good that's good stuff I hear that you remember racks you know
racks shut down because it was a hundred percent heroin addicts really
couldn't show up on time couldn't get that roast beef carved no no like oh
sorry y'all who answers users Richard Karn wait a fucking second from home
improvement fame yeah keeps it keep on Richard Karn like he's probably on the
he's probably on the stuff right I don't want us this isn't the basis of a libel
suit so I'm gonna say this is a total fabrication but Richard Karn I know Tim
Allen got it you know why I've been Jonathan Taylor Thomas you know that's
the home improvement theme song yeah just for you guys a musical listen
Richard Karn went to Tim Allen fellow definite heroin user and said I need
more power
and then he grunted but he wasn't like doing it to say the thing is because he
was like shooting heroin into his arm right so you you grunt because it hurts
Richard Richard Karn has to watch John O'Hurley just butcher the family feud
every Thursday Wednesday every weekday night he's there it's not how I would
have done it gotta live there's no Wilson across the fence telling him hey
don't hey you know what I wouldn't do that thing you're doing hey neighbor hey
neighbor jacked up on the stuff neighbor hey
neighbor I see your track marks yeah get clean neighbor Wilson's been around the
fucking block you wouldn't know it cuz you don't see him outside of the
confines of his backyard right he's been around the block a few times covered in
tattoos just covered in tats track marks and heroin stains oh that's why that's
why he was behind the fence he was riding the right in the lightning
writing them is that a fake please tell me that if it's a thing I okay no he's
right all the heroin users out there straight up H's we need your help
H heads he's H that was a test you pass yeah we have smack oh we have sky
marshals in the audience I think we have two of those and one of these so maybe
do another one of those yeah sure gotta move quick though these people got so
I sent him by Peter Urmston thank you Peter it's by y'all who answers user
Adrielle who asks my writing instructor told us we need to touch the horse's
vagina before we can write it there was this front but before we can write it
that makes no sense to me at all is there any truth to this I mean it's
gonna before you ride a horse you gotta earn its trust yeah we are we are on a
stage right now a theatrical stage yeah with the the poet take that of the
years yeah lording over us what if we just did a quick performance of Equus
like right here on the stage that'll be cool I don't know who we're gonna get to
play the horse as I will have to no one from the audience no this is not the
proper we've never done audience participation in the show but when we do
it will almost certainly not involve one of us touching a front but
almost sir almost I'm gonna leave us 95 96 percent chance yeah the horse you're
right Justin the horse will go faster I imagine because horses are very long
circumstance that a horse goes listen a talking horse that's all right well yes
he'll give you a she will because dude horses don't have vaginas and front
buts characteristically they both have front butts but go on different casts
right different genus is a front okay it'll be more than this look I think it
will be a little bit more incredulous than that I think we'll give us like a
pain like here's what's up horses are are very long they're very long creatures
most equestrians extraordinarily long okay they don't know the left hand or in
this case front half doesn't know what the back half is doing so if it's some
like if a human hand touches their vagina front but front but if they feel
like human grasp on their front but like whoa what is that what is that
sensation I think that I think it's gonna I think somebody's going to break
that down with the whole separation between the front the back you're
saying no if a human hand touches it it doesn't register as horse masturbation
and they don't know what's going not to the horse okay have you seen a horse yes
you have seen a horse yes is there any horses on the straight no I'm not gonna
get we got horses on all fours okay okay okay so you're a horse okay so you're a
horse in this area this is it right but the neck is longer okay I'm a girl I'm a
13 year old girl who's like cool be cool so the 13 year old girl right here
like I'm a horse okay my neck is even longer than it is so you guys are gonna
have to use your imagination right here and here's the stable master and the
stable master very cool okay sell it sell it Vicki sell it going on where is
that it's not a head
ladies and gentlemen Equus thank you thanks I want to hear Griffin's I want
to hear his last question look real quick Heather Jen and Kevin are you
guys here Heather Jen and Kevin hey Evans Evans sends his love from Germany
and he says we owe you guys some hugs so make sure to find us collect on that
some ha speaking of finding us we're gonna go over to Arnold's after this
it's the best fucking bar ever yes we're gonna go check it out open just we got
an address on that so like it's on 8th Street just go down that way yeah we're
gonna come on I'm gonna say straight up from the top I am not if you buy me a
drink I'll throw it in your face the last three hotels I stayed at this is
not a joke in a row three hotels in a row I have like projectile vomited at
because of maximum fun listeners who are so great buy me drinks and gave me like
just wrecked so I appreciate the sentiment but I'm cool oh yeah he's cool
we've got a merch table outside buying my posters there and our friend Felicia
Gillespie is still here I'm assuming thanks let's give it up for fucking
Felicia Gillespie so by by her CD by our poster and we we super appreciate that
and we'll be happy to like sign them if you want or whatever they're all signed
and numbered by Justin Russo's it's this guy right here yeah Justin Russo made
this this poster he's amazing he signed all these and numbered them there's only
hundred in existence so on the planet on the whole planet there's 102 universe
and the whole universe there's a hundred thank you to and the Brad averse and the
Donnie verse thank you to Clint McElroy our emcee thank you for providing thank
you for providing the seed which found purchase
what thank you can we not talk about our dad's seed yeah for one Sydney and
Riley and Teresa I guess they're working the merch table thank you to them make
sure you find your posters and hey number one thank you guys so much
comments yeah guys are the fucking best we said some shit up here that was
straight-up not phony that you laughed at what's up that was a test test of
wills and you you lost but we were appreciate the way but the but the
friendship test you passed flying colors flying colors Griffin hit me with last
question this final question was sent in by nefarious ity it's by Yahoo answers
users stormy weather who asks if you could take a walk on the sky would you
do it with a smile I'm Justin McElroy I'm Travis McElroy I'm Griffin McElroy
there's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
