The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome, my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the
modern era. Attention, I have breaking news. I'm joined by my middle brother Travis and
my youngest brother Griffin. Say hello, gentlemen. Just hello. Hello. I have breaking news. Last
night, Travis was at a party where he played a steel drum. We take you now live on the scene
to Travis McElroy. It was just as majestic as you would think. I felt like I was playing
upside down turtle. It was lovely. I played a couple chords, and then they played Wasted
Away in Margaritaville. It was transcendent. It was a two-man steel drum band because one
steel drum is not enough, and they were able to do harmonies. Travis, we have eyewitness accounts
from the scene of the drum that you did, in fact, rattle out the theme song to Rugrats.
Is that true or false, Travis? Can you confirm or deny? Listen, I was in a haze of tequila
at that point, so I may or may not have rocked it out, but I was not trying to. I don't know
why you're trying to hide this from us. I don't know why you're trying to fucking sweep this
under the rug. We take you now live to our analyst, Orb, who is a horse, former race
championship horse. Orb has just heard this news. Orb, you've been processing this this
morning. Of course, we're still trying to get all the pieces of this story about Travis
playing a steel drum last night into place. What is your initial reaction to this turn
of events? Orb can be played like a steel drum. He does not prefer it.
So you have personal connections to this instrument. Orb is two steel drums turned
to face each other. Let me ask you this, Orb, where does Travis go from here?
Jamaica.
Continuing our coverage of Steel Drum Gate 2014, we go live where Travis has prepared
a statement. Ladies and gentlemen, I have decided to step back from my steel drum career
and just spend some time rebuilding my family right now. This has been very tough on us,
and especially on them, and I feel out of respect. I must not play the Rugrats theme
song ever again. Breaking news, we're hearing reports from multiple sources that what Travis
actually played was an upside-down garbage can and that he was actually confused. We're
getting texts in. This is a scandal, but we are hearing reports that have tied his recent
resignation from steel drumming to the fact that he did in fact hit an upside-down trash
can with two chicken legs. Not a steel drum, as we were initially informed. Griffin, if
you heard any more updates from your sources, I see you kind of pounding away on your Blackberry
there. What are you hearing? We have an analyst here, Chet Chorson, who is doing some body
interpretation of Travis's statements. Chet, what do you think? Sounds to me like he fucked
the steel drum. Sounds to you like he fucked the steel drum. Yeah, I mean, look at him.
I mean, I guess I get it. I guess I'm confused about the physiology. Think about it. Oh, yeah.
Oh, sure. So obviously Travis is not owning up to this at this time. We are going to continue
to monitor the situation. In the meantime, we return you to my brother, my brother and me
already in progress. Friends of ours really enjoy entertaining at their apartment.
My fiance and I are regularly invited for board games, chatting and on occasion dinner. My problem
is our apartment is far less presentable and because of this, we do not host very often.
We've taken to bringing a six pack or two with us to make up for our lack of reciprocity.
Are we good or should we make a bigger effort to host for our friends? That's from Hospitality Hot
Mess in Hyde Park. Well, hold on. We've got a question later. I'm going to tie this question
in now and go ahead and read it. OK, I'm in college and because of that, I'm a pretty social
person. I have a decent amount of friends and I'm usually either hanging out with them
or someone is at my apartment. However, when people are over at my house at some point in
the evening, I usually hit a point where I just want them to leave and have alone time.
The problem is I never know how to gracefully kick them out. How do I tell my friends that I'm
ready to be done with social time without sounding like a jerk? And that's from Semi Social Awkward
at Purdue. Is there a buzzer you could buy and activate? I just feel like these connect so well
because when I host, I love hosting and then there hits a point where it's like and I'm done
and I want you out. OK, goodbye, everybody. And that's usually about 830. I feel like that's part
of like finding your group of friends, though. Like I have a group of friends that are like
perfect at this where just when I'm like, I'm ready for sleepy time, they bounce.
Mm hmm. How do they know, though? Do you have do you think maybe you're more obvious about your
sleepy time signals than you think you are? I mean, I do. I do come out my onesie footie
pajamas. You know, you joke. I did that once. I know you're in my house. And then it was like,
well, I gotta I gotta go to bed now. And I came out in my pajamas. I spend a lot of time
thinking about issues like this. I tend to worry about making sure I had enough sleep before
or that I can handle the situation that I won't be the first one to be sleepy. So I'll do like a
five hour energy or something. I think you take a nap. I'll take a pizzazz in the afternoon.
That kind of thing. I think you just have to keep you have to stay ahead of the
ahead of the game. You can't collapse. You can't be the most drunk person there.
You can't be most drunk. Can't be the sleepiest. Can't be the handsiest either.
No, I don't like going to Darryl's house. He's very handsy. You have to be so normal when you're
hosting a party. It's best to stay in the center of the room and try to, like, maintain a neutral
baseline. Exactly. That's true because I'm more of an iconoclast. I think of myself as
really the Auntie Mame of our family. You know, throwing a Christmas celebration in July,
whimsical hats, a donkey in the living room. Auntie Justin. Justin's having another donkey
show at his party. I think of myself as that. But you have to level yourself out when you're
hosting because people need to know that they're safe and cared for. They don't want Auntie Mame.
They want Aunt Normal. Yeah, Auntie Lame. Auntie Lame would have been a better thing.
Yeah, well, we'll fix it in post. Y'all want a Yahoo? Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by a close personal friend of mine of the show, Drew Davenport. Thank you,
Drew. It's by Yahoo Answers user InnocentButDeadly. Ooh, spicy. Who asks, is it okay to do the pee-pee
dance at work? I was really consumed with the task at hand and didn't want to interrupt it.
By going to the restroom. Before I knew it, my bladder weighed three pounds. All the excess pee
was killing me. So I finally decided to use the restroom. I crossed my thighs, tightened them
while hopping. I work retail on the store level. So customers, as well as coworkers,
saw my pee-pee dance. One coworker told me to stop. And after taking a huge leak in the restroom,
I did. Was that normal? Well, I think it is normal for your pee-pee dance to stop.
I think it is normal for your pee-pee dance to stop after you take a huge pee-pee. Yeah.
It's much weirder if you do it afterwards like a celebratory touchdown dance.
This person was carrying three pounds of urine in what I can only assume to be like maxed like a
half pound bag. Well, you don't know. Well, I mean, without weighing the bladder first,
you can't be sure that some of that three pounds wasn't, maybe they just have a really fat bladder.
Yeah. A lot of flat, fat bladder. Mama Sita. That's what that song all about,
that bass is all about. And Copacabana is about that too. Being proud of your bladder.
And with slow love, she was a showgirl, fattest bladder in the land. Everybody give her a hand.
She went merengue. You didn't hear the sloshing. Okay. What fucking thing could you be doing in
a retail store level job that you're like, I cannot walk away from this. I will risk
prostate and bladder problems to finish putting these price tags up.
The avatar actually looks like a woman. So no prostate problems. No prostate problems.
I've worked several retail jobs. I always took it as a tiny vacation when it was time to pee,
because no one's going to say no. No one's going to be like, get back to work because we're not
working in a gulag. You got to pee. You go pee. Maybe there's three pounds down your leg. Maybe
they're selling a PB gone, a special pill that makes it so you never have to pee again.
That would be very embarrassing for them and your place of business. Have you guys ever,
I don't think I've ever done a pee pee dance of like, I don't think that actually,
I don't think there's any physiological implications sprint. Yeah. Well, that's every
time for me, every time, every time for me. And it's, it's an emergency. Have I done a pee pee
dance? You know, I used to pee pee whenever I needed to like a big boy, but now I, uh, I've
been sort of holding off a little bit until I just can't take it anymore because that is, I miss that
movie theater. You know that tantric, tantric, tantric peeing that you do after a Lord of the
rings and you think it's almost over and then it isn't, but it's close enough that you've missed
all the pee times on the run P app. Yeah. Um, and so you just have to push on through. Uh,
I missed that kind of pee. I wish I had that kind of pee more regularly. You know when you have to
pee really bad and then suddenly just strangely the feeling just goes away for a little while.
That's the scariest, scariest with that P go, uh, I'm going to give us, I'm going to allow us maybe
one more minute of this. Um, but, um, I've ruined myself working from home for seven years now,
uh, because I'll just go, I'll just go even when I, maybe I don't even really need to,
it just like sounds like a good thing to do. I'll just go in there and do it, which has,
which has reduced the iPhone game you're playing at that moment, which has reduced my ability to
not go to a span of about 20 minutes. So your flange is loose. My flange, my cap, my resistor,
uh, is, is, is barely non-existent at this point. But again, like I don't do a pee pee dance cause
I'm a fucking adult and I know my fucking body at this point and I always know where the bathroom is.
So I don't let it get to that point. Come on.
I feel like a pee pee dance would just be more pressure in odd places than I would want. I feel
like the best thing I can do is just sort of stay zoned, stay focused, straight line. Get my
mindfulness right. Breathe in, breathe out, healing, cleansing light and just wait.
For what?
Till it presents itself, Griffin. Till it's time. I don't know why ever,
whatever reason this guy had. I don't know. I'm 33. I pee when I want.
Yeah. Sometimes when I don't want.
If I want to pee, I pee. If I want to eat Captain Crunch one morning, I do. I don't care.
Sometimes I sneeze really hard and I pee a little bit.
God, Juice, I gotta say being 33 sounds awesome. I cannot wait to get there.
Pretty cool so far. I bought a cereal that had s'more in the name today. No one cares.
And you can't do that until you're 33?
No one's gonna stop me. I thought the Larynade lady would say like,
are you sure you want to do this?
Can I check your ID?
Can I see your ID? Nope. 33. You're right. Okay. Well.
I thought you were starting a new question and that this is just somebody else who had done this
and not you. And then I found out it was you. And then our relationship changed in a subtle,
almost imperceptible way.
Yeah. Irreversible.
Irreversible and imperceptible. Do start a new question. I do not want to talk about pee pee
anymore. Yes, you do. You just are afraid people don't want to listen to you talk about pee pee
anymore. We'll do a new podcast for that. I was living with my girlfriend. I don't want to know
people who would listen to that podcast. It's dirty.
It'll be a pee pee and Dungeons and Dragons podcast.
Pee pee. There it is. I was living with my girlfriend and another roommate for just under a
year. When we broke up, she moved back home and my roommate and I moved into a new place together.
Now roommate is moving out and he is claiming ownership of some of the various items my ex left
behind. He claims that since we were all roommates before her and I started dating, we should split
the booty equally. I claim her and I shared things. I claim her and I shared things when we started
dating and anything she left behind is mine. Also, a lot of stuff in our place is actually his,
so I don't think he needs any extra crap. Am I crazy or should my ex's stuff be mine now?
That's from Canadian custody battle. This is some ghoulish shit. I was living with my
girlfriend and another roommate. He lived with his girlfriend and they had another roommate.
Him and his girlfriend broke up. She left behind a bunch of stuff. The roommate, they're moving out
now and the roommate wants some of the ex-girlfriend stuff because they were roommates.
This is what is ghoulish. Does this person have extra claim on the things that this
roommate left behind? Which is totally fair. When a roommate leaves and doesn't take their shit and
expresses no interest in taking their shit, congratulations. Now you have things. But does
the person who actually dated the woman get- And if I'm reading the question correctly,
they started dating after they all moved in together. We were all roommates before her and I
started dating. That's a rookie mistake by the way. Yeah. I almost feel like you should have to
give the non-dating roommate everything because you fucked up so grandly. That is correct. If
nothing else, even if it had gone super well, you did put roommate in position of being like
permanent third wheel. So maybe he gets that box set DVD. You know what I mean? Maybe he gets all
of F-Troop. She left her F-Troop box set and roommate wants it. What are you going to do?
Split them up? You take season one, he takes season two? That doesn't make any sense. Just
give him the whole box set. You're both going to be missing integral parts of the F-Troop crew
line. You won't know how it ends. You won't know where it begins. It'll just be a mess. Yeah. Can
you have a- Okay, let me hit you with this. Each of you has $500 of Monopoly money. You invite a
third party over. It's going to be Jeff Probst. It's Jeff Probst. He's the ex. And then he does
a survivor style auction. You don't know when it's going to stop. You don't know what the items will
be, but you get to bid on the ex's thing. So that way you can get the things that you need the most,
like maybe rice for the camp. You know what I like about that, Justin? That not only is a practical
idea, that sounds fun. Yeah, it sounds like you'd have a great time. Probst probably wouldn't have
a great time auctioning off his own goods to his ex-lover. But, you know, just side note,
so Teresa and I moved into Los Angeles and I had an idea pop in my head. It was like, you know,
it would be way more affordable if we got like a two or three bedroom apartment and then got a
roommate. And then I couldn't think of anything weirder for some, and I'm sure that people out
there do it and I'm not trying to throw shade, but the idea of like a married couple finding like a
roommate was really weird to me. Yeah. Is that crazy? Oh, you're going to get a lot of applicants
that show up like, hey, my name is Tom. Yeah, I have a great job in the city. I'll be able to
make you guys into cuckold. Also, I don't like washing windows. I really like living with you
guys. I'm really getting into the swing of it. Okay, let's watch a movie. I was at a party last
night and a friend of mine was showing us how Tinder works because I asked because I've never
seen it before. And one of my other friends instinctively saw a picture of a guy and thought
he looked cool. And so they liked him, which is how Tanner works. You either like or dislike them.
And if you both like each other, you get a notification that you have a match. And so he
did it because the guy looked cool without having any additional info information. Holy shit. That
way it's called Tinder because you get a match. That might be it. And then they match. And then
we clicked through below the jump there to read some additional info. And he's married and he
travels on business a lot. Business with a capital B, he said. And he is into cuckold and he is into
making fantasies come true. He's into quote, teaching women how to squirt. Fantastic. Thank
you, Roger, very much. And he finished out his monologue by saying that he is into nail clipper
play. That's a new chestnut that I'm going to throw into a volcano. But he's making dreams come
true. He's making fantasies come true. That's pretty cool. Wait, he's he's making fantasies
come true for unsuspecting people. Could, and he travels a lot. Could this be Ty Pennington
from Extreme Home Makeover? Is that possible? Business with a capital B. It was actually
Jareth, the Goblin King. Squirt, magic squirt. My comic book collection is getting quite large
and I'm running out of space to store all my single accounts. Oh Justin, what the fuck did,
what did we do yesterday? I can't, we can't say. We can't talk about it. Many of them I only read
once and then store it in a long box. I want to go all digital, but I don't know how to tell my
comic book shop that I don't need a pull list anymore. That's from Colin. Colin is describing,
I think, the biggest problem with comic books. I really like comic books as like a reading
experience and I hate everything else. I hate paying four dollars for five minutes of something
and then a lifetime of guilt. Ironically, I find that I feel the same way about going into a comic
book store the same way I feel about going into a high-end like Ben's fashion store,
where it always seems like it's going to be a cool, fun, like let's find, and then it's like,
oh yeah, no way. All this stuff costs way too much money for me to actually buy it. Cool.
And so, but I guess what confuses me about this question is,
isn't that the point of comic books? Is owning, is like having a collection of them?
No, I mean digital, digital comics are taken off in a big, big way and I'm sure that,
I mean, I think your best bet is to just ghost and maybe they'll think that you're dead or
something because I think you calling and saying, hey, I am actively, actively contributing to the
erosion of your whole thing here. They're not going to take this.
Yeah, that's better. Hold on. Tell him you're going on an extended vacation,
so not to do the pull list, and you will call him when you get back in town so he can start
pulling the comics for you again and then just never call him again. So lie, lie real good.
Well, so that way, because if you just ghost, he's going to keep pulling them and end up with
this huge stack and be like, where's Colin? I guess just call the comic book store and say,
hey, this is Josh Richardson, so I'll pull my comics by and then hang up really fast.
Your comic book dealer is probably already a little panicked about the advent of digital
comics. If you call and say, listen, I'm going all digital, you're only going to keep him up at night,
provide him with more anxiety. If you don't call and leave no inclination of your indication of
your whereabouts, he's going to think you're dead. Can I read a Yahoo? That is a nice segue here.
I feel like we didn't help Colin at all, but yes.
I mean, we did our best. This Yahoo was sent in by Drew Davenport also. Thank you, Drew. It's by
Yahoo Answers user, Dr. Quantum, who asks, I want to read Dilbert. Where should I start?
Good comic book store. I've never read Dilbert, but a friend of mine, first of all, what?
I've never read Dilbert, but a friend of mine usually talks about it, and I think I'll like it,
but he couldn't tell me where is a good place to start. Thoughts? You could start at the death
slash rebirth of Dilbert Ark. Oh, sure. After Dilbert Civil War. I love the 11th Dilbert
. I mean, you never forget your first Dilbert, but the 11th Dilbert provides a great jumping
off point. I think I really liked the brightest Dilbert, darkest Dilbert miniseries. Yeah,
that was pretty good. Dilbert, there's Dilbert Ultimatum. That's pretty good.
The Dilbert Amalgam where he mixed with Garfield. That was a pretty good one. I like that one a lot.
I don't like the crossover shit. Okay. No, I don't like the Dilbert Avengers. There's like
amazing Dilbert. There's ultimate Dilbert. There's extreme Dilbert. Dilbert 1999. There's Dilbert.
There's Dilbert teens. And that's there's Pigbert. There's Pigbert. There's zombie Dilbert,
which is like obviously Marvel was just fucking having a field day with that one.
You got to take I think the best place. I think you go back to the beginning.
I think you go straight to always postpone meetings with time wasting morons. See if you
can find it in the original printing. It's got a better cover. And then from there you go to
Dogbert's Clues for the Clueless. It's the third book, but in a way it's the second. Yeah, yeah.
And then Shave the Whales.
Shave the Whales. Motherfucker.
Still pumped from using the mouse is another good jumping off point.
And maybe do some readings. Do some reading Scott Adams. Maybe read some of his big ideas.
Yeah, and then kind of figure out where you're at after that. Okay, so here is the game.
Are you ready? Yeah, I am going to read either the name of a Dilbert collection.
Oh Jesus. Or the name of a Jimmy Buffett song. It's always that then. Okay,
breathe in, breathe out, move on. That's a Jim James Buffett. Okay, when body language goes bad.
Oh damn. I'm gonna go Dilbert. I'm gonna say James Buffett. That is Dilbert. Correct, Travis.
Congratulations. Positive attitude. Oh shit. Is Scott Adams a pen name for Jimmy Buffett?
I'm going Dilbert. Positive attitude? I think that's actually Jim Buffett. That is Dilbert.
Yes. Son of a bitch. Dear Jimmy Buffett. Dilbert. Yeah, I think it's Dilbert. Sorry that's Jimmy
Buffett because his name is in it. I thought it was a Scott Adams love letter. Oh, this is a good
one. This is a good one. You ready? The Dilbert principle. Margaritaville. Okay, let's get the
money zone. I'm just throwing out that it's five o'clock somewhere works for both. Yeah,
it's five o'clock somewhere would be an excellent Dilbert book. So does Dogbert's Clues for the
Clueless. It was Dogbert's Clues for the Clueless. And a pineapple smiled nearby. He went a little
Randy Newman there at the end. Here's some truth. I've been struggling with anxiety for the past
few months. And part of that is that I try to stay in a pretty positive place. And as a result,
I have listened to exclusively Radio Margaritaville on SiriusXM for the past three months.
I mean, exclusively. We're talking tear off the knob. You're in Jimmy's hands now. I guess I'm
not comfortable with you. Jimmy take the wheel. Jimmy take the wheel of my car. I'm not really
comfortable with you drinking and driving though, Justin, I have to say. No, Jimmy Buffett is
drinking for your ears. Yesterday, here is the point that we have reached. Now to be clear,
Radio Margaritaville is not just Jimmy Buffett tunes, although wait a few minutes, one will come
on. It's songs hand selected by Jimmy Buffett. I mean, that's what they say. I don't know. He
probably has assistants. There's probably a different Jimmy Buffett in every town, like
Santa Claus. But I described to Sydney yesterday, as we drove to the mall for the entire 15 minute
duration of our transit to the mall on Friday, I described an imaginary Jimmy Buffett collection
that I would like to construct a box set of all the tunes that I need for mental health.
Just to let you guys in on the collection, the second disc is all different versions
of Margaritaville live, just with different. It's your beach time prescription. It's a beach time
prescription for good feelings. Here's the kicker. You ready? The first disc, guess where it kicks
off with? Margaritaville. I know you're thinking Margaritaville. That's the second disc. No, you
launch with I will play for gumbo. No one sees that coming. Then straight into boat drinks.
I certainly would not see that coming because I don't know the fucking song.
Just for the people at home, rather than our typical Money Zone music,
I'm going to request that you put in the chorus of I will play for gumbo.
Now see, every time you do that, I have to go to Amazon. I have to buy the fucking mp3.
I'll pay you a dollar. Not that you'll need it because you'll be so into this fucking tune.
Is he going to hear it? There we go into the Money Zone. Once you're full up on gumbo,
you need something to counterbalance that. What pairs well with gumbo? What's the best
pairing for gumbo? It's anything from NatureBox. They have delicious snacks. Literally any of them
can be put atop gumbo for a crunchy or chocolatey or chewy or salty or sweet. Literally anything
that comes in a bag can be put atop gumbo. That includes dishwasher tabs. Kitty litter. I actually
don't know what gumbo is. Teeth. A bag of teeth. NatureBox has delicious, delicious, delicious
snacks that are natural. They got no trans fats, no high fructose corn syrup, and there are some
that are low in sugar and have no gluten. And they ship them for free. You don't have to worry
about that either. What are you guys rocking? Because I know there's some staples for you guys.
Not that you don't get a big bag of staples. I would highly recommend the French Toast granola.
That's very, very good. You put some milk on that, your day's going to get started
really, really right. And if you're like me, I love the salty chip kind of stuff.
They got sea salt pop pops. So good. They also have some Santa Fe corn stick stuff. So good.
So if you try NatureBox right now, we can get you 50% off your first month's box. Just go to
naturebox.com slash my brother. All one word, and you're going to get 50% off, and that box is going
to last you a super long time. They have different options, different size boxes for different size
family. There's something that's going to fit. I promise you, their snack selection gets bigger
and bigger every day it seems. There's going to be something there that you're going to like.
It's real tasty. So go to naturebox.com slash my brother. All one word, and we'll get you half off
your first box. No big deal. That sounds like a great deal. No need to thank us, but if you
want to, we're on Twitter. So here's the thing. You've probably tried Hulu. I mean, it's been
around, I think, since the internet. Can you not start with, so here's the thing. So here's the
thing. Lean in. You sound like fucking Linda Ellerby, sitting backwards on a chair. Hey,
let's rap. You've all tried Hulu, right? You're all cool kids, and you think you've tried Hulu,
and that's fine, and you're awesome. Well, here's the thing. You think you're cool,
but you haven't tried Hulu Plus. Hulu Plus is that new shit. Travis, that is a smart pantsuit
you're wearing right now. Thank you. It makes me feel sexy and confident. You're both. Hulu has
everything, man. They have current season episodes of shows that are on right now, like Modern Family,
Daily Show with Jon Stewart. They have every episode, like deep back catalogs of shows like
South Park, which is only on Hulu Plus. You can also find stuff like, you know,
Teresa and I watched Parks and Rec on there, Bottle of Burgers, tons of stuff.
The Prophets on there, that's one of my favorite shows basically ever, where you have a failing
business, and my boy Marcus Lemonis comes into your failing business, and he says that this
place sucks, but I'm gonna make it awesome, and you're gonna give me half, and for the next week,
you have to do exactly what I say, you scumbag. That sounds like a great show. And by the end,
they fall in love with him? Yeah. By the end, they're like, you were so right. Or sometimes,
he just dips. Sometimes he's like, hey, I think you're embezzling, so I'm gonna go,
and then credits. It's a great show. It sounds very good. I'm gonna check that out.
It's on everything. You can use it on a smart TV, Roku, Apple TV, any gaming device basically,
Xbox, PlayStation, whatever. You can do it on a phone, on a train, on a turret, at the urinal.
That's a good look. That's a great look. You're gonna be there for 23 minutes plus ads,
so it's gonna be hard to get comfortable, but chase your bliss. Not only that, they've got
original stuff you can't find anywhere else, like the awesomes created by Seth Meyers. It's
about a misfit group of superheroes, cartoons. You're gonna love it. All 10 episodes of season
one. Season two just premiered, so it's a great time to go check it out. It's only eight bucks a
month. You'll get your shows wherever you need them, but we can give you a two-week free trial
if you go to huluplus.com slash my brother, all one word. Normally the trial's one week. We're
gonna give you a second one in case you're really dragging your fucking heels on this.
So make sure you go to huluplus.com slash my brother so that it counts towards us and makes
us look so good. I just gotta get a message to Hal from Lori. Lori says, I'm so happy you said yes.
I'm so happy you said yes and that I beat you to it and I got to do the asking. I told you that
road trip to West Virginia would only be the first of our adventures together. I love you so much
and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you. That's from Hal. Well, it's from Lori to Hal.
But I think it's also a little bit from Hal, if you really look inside your heart.
Lori came- they came to see Superman. Did they? My show Superman, yep. They sound- they sound
super sweet. So she asked him for his hand, it sounds like. Apparently his hand. I don't know
what- she doesn't specify, so maybe it's just like they wanted- she wanted to go see Transformers
Rise of the Fallen and he was like, yeah, I'm glad you asked and said yes. Because I would be
embarrassed to ask that of you. And then while they were there, Optimus Prime married them.
Surprise! Surprise. So congratulations, you two. I'm so happy and I'm glad that you're in love.
I got another message from Ian, Alex, and Rebecca. Three ways split there. For Jessica.
And her last name's here, but I don't think that's Jermaine. Hi, Mabim Bam. Because our amazing big
sis Jessica is now happily engaged to her incredible man Jake, we thought she deserved
a shout out on her favorite podcast. And this- I don't know why I make them sound like they're
from fucking He-Haw. I'm sure you guys are great. Sorry. Despite her leaving us for a kick-ass new
life in Nashville, we love her all the same. Congratulations, Jessica on your encouragement.
Oh no, Ian's melting. We'll miss your bunches. Love your wee siblings.
Oh man. Uncle Joe, he is a moving kind of slow at the junction.
Petticoat Junction. Man, that's so sweet. Love is in the air. Kind of sound like
nerdy buddy in the club getting married. Love this. Love this. Man, I'd hate to be an unmarried
person right now. Am I right, guys? Come on, don't drop that. Why are you throwing shade?
Bikini season. Volleyball time. Hot dogs and hamburgers. Get ready to Olympic dive.
Fourth of July. Are you ready for rollerblading rain time? That's right. It's Aaron and Brian
from Throwing Shade, if you didn't know from that very clear intro. We take a look at issues
involving ladies and gays and we treat them with much less respect than they deserve. So
watch out, punks. So hey, download us and take us to the beach while you're doing your summertime fun.
How about a yahoo? Hit me. I'm ready. We just did Dilbert, but there's some important topics
in here. This one was sent in by John Jelnick. I believe that's how you pronounce his name.
Thank you, John. I'm just going to be more confident with that shit.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user. Fucking thing's not popping up.
It's a weird name. What's your fucking... I can't... He has no name.
He has no name. This is unprecedented. Okay. Well, it was asked by some Yahoo Answers user.
I'm going to assume they were just deleted. The phantom of Yahoo Answers. Can we assume that
if we reach the singularity, the first thing the AI will do is destroy Yahoo Answers? It's too
helpful. I hope so. I also hope that about the rapture, about the super volcano eruption,
I hope that about everything, that it's the first against the law. This mystery user asks,
what would your reaction be if a stranger asked you to briefly watch their child,
say in a store or waiting room while they slipped away briefly to use the restroom, pay, et cetera?
It does seem like a setup for like a, I don't know, jackass or like, is a candid camera still
a thing? Well, that would be both a terrible jackass and a terrible candid camera. It would
be... I mean, this is John Quinones. Like, John Quinones does this on the weekends for fun,
I think. He just asks adults to watch. Does this say something about us as a people now that my,
I don't know how it hit you guys, non-jokey style. My immediate, immediate reaction was,
I would say, well, no. No, no, I don't want that on me. No, thank you. Remind me, Griffin,
does it say like, given circumstance where they are, what's going on? They're going into the
changing room of say an H&M and they have their child with them and they say, sorry,
can you watch him just for a minute? Do you know what makes this okay? What? If you had your own
kid with you. No, because now I'm too, too deep. Now I'm not numbered. Well, how old's the kid?
I'm thinking like stroller age. Says 16 years old. No, because then you give this kid a part-time
job. Do I get back? What if that other kid like fucking made a shiv out of Pokemon carbs and
stabs your kid? I'm saying, you know, I wouldn't, I would double not trusted another kid, another,
like probably flea infested child near my perfect human specimen. I did no way, no way on earth.
My perfect Dakota. And let me throw out this situation. Hey, can you watch my kid? I'm just
going to duck in here real quick. Two hours later, they still haven't returned. Now you're
stuck with this extra kid. Yeah. That's, I mean, that is the, what would you do? That's,
that's Kenyanses game is how long can we make a person own a child? I mean, I think the only
rational response is to find the next person you see and ask them if they will watch your kid.
It's basically like the ring of kids. Like you, you, you ask them to watch the kid and then it's
their, their problem. That's what that song, it takes a whole village to raise a child is about
is I'm going to H and M. Can you watch this little thug for a second? And then you're like, sure.
Hey, sorry. Um, I'm got to go run to blockbuster blockbuster. Can you watch this closing in five
minutes? Also kids, kids aren't allowed in it because most blockbusters are infested with
coyotes at this point. Um, can you, I'm going to the coyote run, the fear will run blockbuster.
Can you watch this kid? Yeah, sure. I guess I was about to go to dip and dots, dip and dots.
That's great. Cause it's the ice cream of the future and a video store with the past.
I haven't been to a fucking mall since 1996. I got to hit up this orange Julius.
Oh shit. That was going to be mine. You beat me to it.
Yeah. I, but like, I'm serious. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it.
And everybody on Yahoo responding to this question is like, nope, nope. Not a chance
in hell. No way. No, never. And does that mean like, have we, as a culture, like,
I, is this like part of the mounting evidence that we are just fucked? Because I think back
in like the fifties, this probably happened all the time. Like, hey, so it's where you see a lot
in the fifties, like just general adults using the fact that they're adults as like
carte blanche to yell at kids. Like you think about that these days, like if another adult
yelled at your kid, that would be crazy. But you see that all the time in ye olden days.
But like also just giving absolute responsibility of your child to a human that you just fucking ran
into at Sam's club. So a couple of days ago, I was at a, I was at a food cart and I was also
working a show. I was doing sound for the tour and I ordered my food and it was taking forever
to come out and it was really coming down to the wire. Like I had like three minutes to get back
to my table and run sound when the show started. And this woman next to me said like, oh, do you
have to get back over there? And I was like, yeah. And she was like, okay, well, if you want to go,
I'll just bring your food to you. I'll, I'll grab your food. Okay. And I said, no, I was like, no,
I'm good because I didn't trust her with my grilled cheese sandwich. Can we just take a second
and just appreciate the moment? This moment. I want to live in this moment forever where Travis
has just equated his ownership and consumption of this grilled cheese sandwich to the protection
to the protection of your human life that you created. What my point is times that by a million.
Okay. So you recognize that make it, does that make it more likely for me to say like,
Hey, could you just hold on to this baby for a second? I, I know, like I don't trust people
with my grilled cheese. I ain't going to trust people with my baby. Anybody that would entrust
their child to another person is a rogue agent. They are off the reservation as far as society.
That person is capable of anything. And where, where does that leave the kid?
And I think that it becomes doubly true of the person volunteer. Like if there's someone standing
next to you while you've got your baby and you're trying to like take care of something,
like if you need me to watch your kid for you while you go do that, I understand. It's like,
Oh no, you're going to take my baby. You're a baby taker voluntarily.
If someone offers that's no, that's unacceptable. I recently moved to a new city. I've joined a
popular dating website and have been meeting and getting it with a variety of interesting people.
I'm pretty sure dudes are attracted to my, I don't give a heck bad attitude.
Fantastic.
That's excellent. However, the two times I've gotten genuinely excited to meet someone,
I flubbed the first encounter with my nervousness and awkward conversation and then drunkenly texted
them apologies afterwards. Oops. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds like bad attitude. All right.
That's I don't give a heck bad attitude. You're capturing that spirit perfectly.
Oops. How do I learn to play it cooler in the face of serious relationship potential?
That's from old school crazy in Oregon.
So if I'm okay. So when they, when she doesn't care, she kills it. She does great.
And then when she actually cares, she's getting real uptight.
When she meets a nail clipper enthusiast,
who's going to make our fantasies come true. Someone who's got bad attitude with a capital
B. Just say Ty Pennington. Ty Pennington. So when you meet Ty Pennington, you get a little
bit awkward and then drunkenly text apologies, which in any circumstance ever is never a good
call. Never, never. Well, when you're drunk, texting anything to anyone for any reason is
a bad idea. Unless it's help. Unless it's whoops. I just, I like, yeah. Cause you're
compounding it at that point. If you have an awkward day, that's fine. If you text them
afterwards, like sorry, I was so weird. Then that's, you've just hit, you just took it to
the next level. Especially if you interpreted it as awkward, but they didn't. And they thought it
was like a perfectly good time. And then you're like, so, so I was so awkward. And they're like,
this person's crazy. Here's the reason you got to play a cool hot shot. Because if you do
apologize for acting weird, whether or not you acted weird, you've just ceded all the,
your territory in the relationship. Do you have already given your prospective future husband
the ball, as it were. It's in his corner now. So you can't ever apologize unless you've been
with someone for six years. Correct. Hold on. Yes. My wife and I haven't been together for six years.
Then you haven't hit that wall yet. Good. You haven't had to apologize yet, right?
Yes. So he said, I just hit six years and I had an apology that lasted 36 hours.
I'm so, okay. If you're really excited about the date and you know that you have a tendency
towards like getting awkward in the conversation, why not pick a first date location that, that
inherently has something you could discuss about. So like go see a movie and then go to dinner
or go see a movie and then go to drink. So you can talk about movie or go to dinner somewhere,
like, you know, where they cook right there at the table or something interesting to talk about.
Shut up. Oh, wait, there's endless conference. Can you believe this beat? Can you believe the
steam? I did another cool thing with the knife. I was trying to think of a place. I was trying
to think of a place where they do something interesting, but wouldn't also be like terrifying
if it went bad. Oh, I hope he doesn't throw the shrimp at me. I don't know if I can catch the
shrimp. Oh no, here it comes. Oh, I did it. I'm really enjoying this date. You should try it too.
It's real fun. You get a little bit of shrimp grease on your chin, but otherwise it's a good time.
I love you. I love you, I think. I'm sorry. I'm not usually like this. And then they leave. Oh
God. What was that? What was I doing that whole time? I was doing a weird voice the whole time.
I've got to email them and say I'm sorry. I have to just shoot them a quick written
physical letter. Just a quick voicemail. Don't tell me not to do it chef at the table. I'm
doing it. I'm just going to leave five or six voicemails while you're sitting next to me.
Oh, hold on. Hey, I'm sorry I did a weird thing. God damn it.
The whole time you're just being pelted with shrimp. Pay attention. I'm throwing shrimp at you.
Just be confident in yourself and your abilities. Y'all want a Yahoo?
Yeah. This Yahoo is sent in by Ira Ray. Are you Ira Ray? Who wants to know? Thank you Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user. They've been suspended. Fuck me. This is a blood bath this week.
They ask, would people eat less if air had a flavor?
Would people eat less if air had a flavor? Isn't this basically what vaping is? I guess so. But
imagine that everywhere. You walk into a room and you're like a cat. I have two questions. One,
does different air in different places have a different flavor? Yes. What a nightmare. I guess
air does have a flavor. Hold on. Let me think about that. Are you saying that maybe air has
had a pronounced flavor and you're just desensitized to it? No, I'm saying air probably has a very
subtle flavor. It tastes like air. Yeah. There's particles and atoms and molecules and shit. We're
tasting it. You're only ever tasting air. You're constantly tasting air. Right. That's what I'm
saying. I don't even recognize. The taste of air has become your de facto, there is no taste. I'm
not tasting it. Right. If we could morph it. If we could chop and screw that flavor. When you walk
into my house, baby back ribs, right? Because I love that song from the Chili's commercials.
But maybe I walk into Travis's house. That would also probably be ribs. No, I think garlic mashed
potatoes. Oh, God. I mean, that's a good thing to eat, but it's not a good thing to air taste. No,
but see, but that's the question. Does it smell like that? No. That would be the super fucked
up thing is that it wouldn't smell like taters. It would only taste like it. But smell is an
essential component of taste. The two would have to work in concert. You only think that because
Neil deGrasse Tyson told you that. Yeah, he's full of lies. It doesn't. I mean, maybe he's
not full of lies, but not everything is. He's not going to hit them all. You know, I'm saying
actually, I would probably be like something like a Skittle or a Mike and Ike. I feel like
most people would go sweet over savory. Yeah, I think so, too. But you don't want to like ruin.
And you don't want to ruin a meal if I forget to turn off the flavorizer in the room and then like
I serve up some lasagna, but I have the Skittle still going. That's going to be a bad eating
experience. Well, I mean, that's the question. Is it like uncontrollably smells like it tastes
like that? Or is it like you have a knob next to your thermostat that you turn up the flavorizer?
Oh, do you want to? You want a little bit more Mars bar? OK, OK. Oh, my God. Tom, wake up. Wake
up. Did we turn the flavorizer off? Oh, if we get home and our home really spaghetti,
you would open up the door and just like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
it's so much spaghetti. I'm overwhelmed by the taste. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm not going to
be able to taste real spaghetti for a week. Eat the air. Eat the air as fast as you can.
Your way to the flavorizer. Oh, God. All the flavorizers are level two. Oh, Jesus. Invite
the neighborhood dogs in to eat some of the spaghetti. They would die. They would fucking die.
I'm going to stay at my mom's house. Tastes like split pea soup. Oh, Jesus. Would people eat less,
though? Probably not. You can't fucking stop us. No, if anything, they would eat more. Yeah.
Because they would be like, well, now I want spaghetti. Yeah. I actually do this to myself
with the sensi's all the time where I put in a nice berry tart. Yeah. Who's making berry tart?
No one is. Well, now I have to. And then you drink the liquid to get that flavor. It burns my tongue.
And then you poop a candle. Yeah. And that's how 50 Shades of Grey ends.
Uh, thank you so much for joining us for our comedy podcast. Uh, my brother,
my brother, me is what it's called. That's the name of it. There's sometimes people shorten it
to MB and BAM. Um, happy birthday to our pop pop. Happy birthday, daddy. Happy birthday.
Love our daddy so much. Um, and, uh, thank you to people tweeting about the show,
like Memorial names, Michael Rebalasis, uh, Louisa Heron, uh, Shuri, Sarah Dennis, Matthew Olson,
David Pesce, Wyatt May, uh, Justin Gray turned our stupid no P shirt into a, um,
into an actual t-shirt. Burn to build is his Twitter handle. Go back and find out. It was
like five days ago. Uh, thank you to iTunes for putting us on their featured page. Yeah. We were
on like the front page of iTunes podcast for a week. It was fucking awesome. Thank you. Yeah.
That was cool. Um, just thanks to everybody who went and, and rated and reviewed and subscribed
and all that stuff this week, uh, to our show on iTunes jumped us way up the charge. And you guys
are really, really wonderful and we love you. Yeah. Um, I want to thank John Roderick and
the long winters for the use of our theme song. It's a departure off the album, putting the days to
bed. I have a, um, to get my microphone up to like mouth level. I don't own like a mic stand. So what
I use is the, the box for, uh, one Christmas at a time, the John Roderick and Jonathan Colton
album. Right. Um, and so like the entire time I'm recording, I'm looking down at a cartoon
illustration of, of, of Joko and, uh, John Roderick, Joe Rowe. So it's like a guardian
angel watching over us, making the goofs happen. Uh, and we want to say thanks again to nature box
for sponsoring the show. Um, and get in, get in shape for summer. Well, it's already summer now.
So get in shape for fall, I guess, fall into good shape. Nature box.com. Just go to nature box.com
slash my brother and you'll get 50% off your first order. I see people signing up for it and tweeting
about it and it's wonderful. Go check it out. You'll love it. Um, make sure you try their sister
company flavor box, which is just a box you open and then you get like a blast of flavor. Uh, it's,
uh, they're still trying to figure out the pricing model. Uh, and I think that's going to do it for
us, right? Oh, also we, we put up, so some of our more classic bits that people really love all them
bits aren't classic goofs. That's a better classics. Okay. So people and Jeffrey, some,
some stuff that people request to put those up on YouTube. So if you're looking for something
to share with someone, you can share a sampler bit.ly forward slash, uh, it's been bam 2013.
Is that correct? Yes. Anyways, just go to our YouTube page, um, and check out all the videos
there and then share them with all your friends. And we love you. Uh, listen, all the other max
fun podcast to, uh, Jordan, Jesse, go judge on honchman, stop podcasting yourself. Uh, bullseye,
uh, I almost called it bone saw. Can you consider changing the name of saw bones to bone? Sorry.
There's a lot of really great content that you're just going to love consuming.
Is there any saw bones this week? Uh, yeah, probably. Oh, I mean, we record it tomorrow
on Monday. So okay. Let's say yes. You guys are fucking troopers. Yeah, man. Yeah.
What are the hells we're going to do? That's a good point. Should we mention that? Like,
once you guys have a baby, like we're going to go on a fucking freestyle jazz odyssey.
I don't know what's going to happen. Yeah. All right. It's going to be good. Our dad talking
for an hour. No, we're going to keep releasing stuff here on the bim bam, but it's going to be,
uh, outside the box. We're going to be thinking outside the bud.
Um, so yeah, look forward to it. Please look forward to it. Uh, anyway, that's, we're done.
We're done. Yeah, we're done. Thank you. Final Yahoo answer by Drew Davenport. Thank you,
Drew. It's by Yahoo answers user bulls cubs fan who asks, I think we've had a bulls cubs fan
one before bulls cubs fan asks has a question on Yahoo answers ever turned you on? Yeah. I'm
Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother. My brother
may kiss your dad. Square on the lips. Maximum fun.org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned.
Listener supported. Hi everybody. I'm Justin McElroy and I'm Dr. Sydney McElroy. Every Tuesday,
we bring you saw bones, a marital tour of misguided medicine, a show about all the dumb,
weird, terrible ways that we've tried to fix each other over the years. You know,
some light summer listening. Maybe you want to hear about yogurt enemas or why we tried to eat
mummies for a while or why drinking cholera diarrhea sounded like a good idea. That and so
much more is waiting for you every Tuesday right here on the maximum fun network with saw bones,
a marital tour of misguided medicine.
