The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Being Advised Show. For the modern era,
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 Griffin McElroy.
I was thinking about how around Halloween, when I do that hello,
I might stop before I get to the oh.
Oh yeah, I'd be like, imagine it's Halloween okay.
Halloween...
Yeah, no I'm definitely scared because I'm seeing,
I'm seeing the hell demons, I'm seeing skeletons and you know, blood volcanoes,
and I'm getting real uh quite spooked and it's June, so how could you do this to me now?
I am literally vibrating with anticipation
because we got ourselves a watch, Jurassic World,
Lost World Kingdom of Dinosaurs coming out.
Who knows when?
That's what makes this watch so exciting.
I don't even know when the movie comes out.
We've all seen the posters that just say, Jeff's in it.
Yeah.
Everybody's so excited about Jeff coming back,
doing his thing.
Jeff's in this one, folks.
He's in it, confirmed.
Yeah, we got a lot of sort of classic stuff in here.
We got Jeff in it, and he says the great line
about how everything can get all fucked up sometimes,
and Richard Schiff comes back.
He gets chomped by another Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Well, he got robotic legs after he was chomped
in half the first time.
Yeah, his top half lived inside the T-Rex for a long time,
but then he got out of the Sarlacc pit like Boba Fett,
and then they gave him new legs,
and then he shows up to the park like,
I think I'm really gonna be able to,
and then a pterodactyl comes, picks him up,
drops him in a T-Rex's mouth,
and it's supposed to be funny, I guess, that he dies.
So Jeff wasn't in the first one.
Wasn't in the first Jurassic World.
Well, it's hard to say
because there was a lot of jungle in there.
And there was a lot of wide shots.
He might have been hiding in the forest living his new life.
Jeff wasn't in that one.
Jeff's in two.
Jeff's in Jurassic World.
It done fell back.
But the thing that I found out today,
Jeff is also the tutorial voice in Jurassic World Evolution.
The video game is Dr. Ian Malcolm.
So he just reignited the passion for the role, I guess,
and is willing to just do it.
Jurassic World brand toilet paper is very good.
Take it from me.
Life finds a way.
And so he's doing a commercial for it.
Hi, I'm popular actor Jeff Goldblum from apartments.com.
If you have to lay an egg,
and then he looks at the camera for a minute straight,
and then that's the end of the commercial.
He says, if you have to lay an egg,
and then he slowly lives up the TP.
Here's the thing.
I think what happened was he did that Thor movie.
He did the Thor movie and he was like,
you know what, I like being in these big movies.
I missed being in the movies.
These apartment.com ads are very good.
And I am making a good amount of money.
Jeff Goldblum plays a character called Brad Bellflower
in the apartments.com ads.
And we were watching one.
This campaign has been ongoing for several years now.
We were watching one and Siddy said,
why does it say his name is Brad?
I said, well, and she said,
I thought he was just playing Jeff Goldblum.
I said, you thought he was just playing Jeff Goldblum,
popular actor, showing people
how to find the best apartments for them?
Is that something you would trust Jeff Goldblum to do?
And the answer of course is,
yes, in a heartbeat.
Yeah, that's fair because the Travago guy
isn't playing himself, I assume.
No, that's not true.
His name's David Travago.
Oh, can I tell you,
I got two theories about Jurassic World, Lost World.
You don't want to talk about Travago guy?
No, well, my theory number one is he's in it
as Travago guy.
I don't like how when you search
for any hotel accommodations on Travago,
the first result is always my guest room
and it's a picture of the Travago guy
trying to get you to stay at his crib.
The picture of the bed has him lying in the bed,
kind of like head up on one hand,
you know, on his elbow kind of thing.
Harris Tassel as if you've just awoken him from a nap.
And there's a big paragraph in there
about how he lost all his shirts in a fire
and that's why he's not wearing any of the pics.
That's weird.
It's so strange.
But it is a good way to demonstrate the size of the bed
to give me some sort of context.
My house is four Travago guys tall.
Yeah, right?
And there's plenty of room for you to stretch out
in my one and a half Travago guy size bed.
Here's my theory about the Jurassic World lost world.
One, they're finally gonna show the dinosaurs in this one.
This one, oh, it's gonna have them.
Been waiting.
I think we're finally gonna see them.
Unfair that Richard Schiff got chopped in half off screen.
Yes.
I needed to see that to finish.
I have to.
Ha ha!
Number two, my theory is at the end,
it's gonna pull back, camera pulls back,
and all of that was inside a dome
with super intelligent dinosaurs looking in
and saying like, yes, our experiment
to breed extinct humans is going very well.
Yeah, into phase one.
Onto phase two.
Yes.
Let's get Chris Pratt up here.
Let's get him nude.
Your thing would make more sense, I think, Travis.
Your thing would be more logical
if the humans were the animals in this world.
It would make more sense than the fact
that they done did the park again.
They did it again.
They did it again.
You know how in the first one, Jeff is like,
this is so whack, and everybody's like,
hey, Jeff, can you calm down?
We're just really excited to see dinosaurs.
And I think at that point, even the audience is like,
hey, don't listen to him.
I really wanna see a dinosaur.
And then when everybody starts getting eaten,
he's like, let's go faster.
Like, he's like, yeah, I told you so.
Wouldn't it be rad, I haven't seen the film,
wouldn't it be rad in this one if he was like,
super jazzed about it?
Like, he's just like.
My old friend's dinosaurs.
Are you shitting me?
Hell yeah, I'm so stoked.
Who wouldn't wanna see a fucking dinosaur?
This is incredible.
This is amazing.
The claws, the teeth.
He sees a big pile of dookies, like, that's a lot of shit.
I love it.
I like it this time.
I'm very excited.
My roommate and I do not get along.
Our relationship went downhill
when she bought a Jenga board.
We're gonna talk about it, just wait.
She'd ask casually from time to time,
usually I would be cooking dinner
when I'd play Jenga with her.
I have a nine to five job,
but I'm often at home at varying times.
So I was hesitant to make plans with her to play Jenga
that I probably couldn't keep.
I told her just to ask me when I'm at home
and not cooking and I will play Jenga with her.
The shit really hit the wall one night.
I came home and all the lights in the house were off.
I walked in the living room looking for the light switch
when I heard something moving in the dark.
When I turned on the lights, it was my roommate
playing Jenga by herself in the dark.
I don't really want to play Jenga with her anymore,
but I feel like she might light my room on fire
if I don't indulge her.
What do I do?
That's from Gmail.
So I was very thrown by this question
because I've never heard anybody in my life
say a Jenga board.
I don't know even what that could be
and I thought maybe they meant a Ouija board.
And just fucked up the worst.
Yeah, but no.
And just fucked up the words,
but it got weirder because I've also never heard somebody
say they're going to play Ouija.
I've never heard that.
So I think that it is a Jenga.
I don't, but a Jenga board.
I mean, I don't know what I would call it instead,
but it's certainly, there's nothing board like
the Jenga play set, I guess.
I don't know.
It's certainly not a board.
I also, not to nitpick a little bit,
I've also never heard the phrase the shit hit the wall.
Though I get, listen, through context,
I totally understand what it means.
Unless it's being used literally.
We missed the fan.
We threw it at the fan and the fan moved
and then it hit the wall.
Because the lights were off.
Because the lights were off.
Because they were in the dark.
They were using the Jenga in the dark to hone their senses.
You don't need your eyes, your sight,
in order to get a really good Jenga going.
You just need to sort of feel it out.
And the more you can kind of hone that,
I think the better a player you're going to be.
So I wouldn't be too freaked out about that.
They're probably not going to set your room on fire.
They are, I guess the worst case scenario,
going to kick your ass so bad at Jenga so bad
that you'll never be able to leave the house again.
Seems like the more likely scenario.
Would you guys play Jenga right?
If I was like, you want to play some Jenga right now?
Would you guys play Jenga right now?
I mean, I would get on some sort of gig economy service
to have somebody come to my house
and set up the board for me.
Because I couldn't possibly be,
oh, and I just called it a board.
So it's catching on.
But I would love to play Jenga with you right now, Justin.
I don't have the prerequisite, you know,
40 minutes required to set up the Jenga game
only to have your dumb unskilled hands
topple the whole shit over
and sending it crashing down to the floor.
And you're laughing like, uh-oh, guess I did a bad job.
And then I'm crying actual tears because I have to-
Because you're so excited for the game.
I guess in my mind, I'm kind of,
I would just love to play Jenga so much right now.
Yeah. Really?
Well, listen, Justin, everyone loves to play Jenga,
but Griffin is dead on.
You know, and everyone's fine playing Jenga,
but nobody wants to do the work to set up Jenga.
Nobody wants to put in the hours to set it up.
Yes.
There was a bar here in Cincinnati
since closed called Neon's.
And they had like giant Jenga sets.
The big Jenga, yeah.
And it was like huge blocks, right?
And the thing would like, it sat on a table
and the board itself was often, you know, four feet high.
And that's really great because it takes Jenga
as not only a game of skill,
but also turns it into a truly dangerous game.
Dangerous for everyone in the bar,
no matter how close you are to it,
because you could be sitting at the other end of the bar,
having a drink with your friend, just like,
I'm so sorry he left you.
I know that y'all were trying to make it work out.
And please, if there's anything,
I know this feeling, if there's anything I can do,
just as the Jenga board falls over.
And it does sound like two buildings
collapsing into each other,
like the Rampage Monster squished them together.
And it sort of scares the living shit out of everyone.
It's not a fun environment.
Quickly, tell me the truth.
At what point do you say Jenga as it's falling?
As it's falling, do you say Jenga?
You screamed it for everyone to dive out of the way
as one might yell timber.
Yeah.
Jenga!
And you dive.
That's right.
See, that's not right.
Do you chant Jenga to try to psych someone out?
Do you say, uh, do you say it when you're done saying it up?
Like, uh, Jenga!
Well, is Jenga good or is Jenga bad?
Oh, no.
Nobody's ever really dialed into that,
where do you yell it when you're excited
because the Jenga's about to happen?
Or do you use it, as Justin suggests,
as a sort of, you know, wizard's curse?
Jenga is derived from kujenga,
a Swahili word which means to build,
according to the pedia.
I think as it's falling does not, does not trap.
That's an un-Jenga.
De-Jingas.
Let me try this, let me see what you think about this.
The board falls, it's scattered,
everyone looks at it in silence for a moment,
and the person who knocked it over just whispers,
Jenga.
And it's just kind of admitting defeat,
and it's time to build again.
Yeah, I guess the cycle begins anew.
I mean, I wouldn't, I would leave the situation.
I used to date the situation,
but he loved playing Jenga so much.
Yeah.
But it didn't work out.
You used to date the situation?
And the situation from Jirish, or he loves Jenga.
And he loved me for a time, but he loved Jenga more.
He loved it so much,
because each of the big, big bricks
look like one of his individual strong fingers.
And so Justin, did you give the situation an ultimatum,
and you said like, it's me or the Jenga?
I thought you were gonna ask
if I gave him his first Jenga set,
because a lot of people say that, and it's not true.
He already had one,
we found it in a lake house that we rented together,
and he got so into it at that point,
and it's when I really started to lose him.
But so you found it at the lake house,
but you did show him how to play?
Everybody knows how to play Jenga.
It's very obvious.
If you see it set up, all you can think is,
I'd love to knock this down,
but I'd love to make it look like it was an accident.
That's your main reaction when you see the Jenga thing,
is how can I knock this down
and make it look like I didn't mean to?
And so everybody knows the rules of Jenga in their heart.
Do you ever hear from the situation now?
Yeah, when was the last time you talked to a situation?
You know what?
I always hear from him when there's a new
limited edition set released.
Because he thinks that I'm gonna be excited about it too.
Like, hey, did you hear there's Donkey Kong Jenga?
Hey, did you hear there's Jenga blank?
Or there's giant, giant Jenga.
You remember Sex Jenga,
where they would write like a little sexy things
you're supposed to do when you pull the bricks out?
Is there any less sexual situation imaginable on earth
than playing Jenga?
I don't like conflating that at the act
of beautiful lovemaking with a lot of brick removal tension.
So, oh wait, the question, of course.
Yes, of course, all apologies.
You should just play Jenga,
because it's fun and I love to play Jenga.
If I have time, I'll get over there.
If you want me to play Jenga with your roommate
instead of you, I'm happy to do it.
Let me ask you guys this.
Is there a level of bad you could be at Jenga
that the roommate would no longer want to play with you?
Yes.
Oh.
Can you hide or burn one of the Jenga bricks
and they'll never be able to play with that set again.
Especially if you can get the bottom ones.
Well.
Or every night, every night burn three Jenga bricks.
Right, so that way the tower just gets shorter
and shorter and shorter.
Oh, that's good.
That's shortening the length of the game or extending it.
Or are you extending the length of the game by doing that?
Okay, so every night add three Jenga bricks.
Add three Jenga bricks
and then they'll get tired of setting it up.
Well, eventually it gets pinched
between the table and the ceiling.
And then the friction is such that nobody can remove
any bricks and now you just have
sort of a cool wood column in your home.
And that's gonna raise the property values.
I would give any amount of money for you to read Yahoo.
Here's one from Merit Palmer.
Thank you Merit, it's Yahoo Answers user question mark.
We'll call him.
Bev asks, what makes something food?
Huh.
The fact that this had to be asked by this person
makes me wonder what their last say hour has been like.
You know what I mean?
What the hour leading up to them getting on Yahoo
and typing this question in was like.
Let me pose this to you two.
Is paper food?
I mean, maybe it would be better
instead of Travis going down the list
of all inanimate objects that are extant,
we could come up with some baseline filmmakers.
I was gonna make a point.
I wasn't just speaking hypothetically.
I'm talking about-
Okay, yes, paper is food.
You could season paper in such a way
that it would be pleasant to eat.
Like a fucking paprika cigarette?
What are you talking about?
No, you could just like, you could make it pretty good.
You could season it and make it good to eat
and then it's got fiber in it and probably a vitamin.
Justin, you are fucking with my point on purpose
because you know I was gonna say,
oh, it's not food, but you can eat it.
And now you've taken that away from me with your-
You just raised the specter of the question.
The bounds of the question are what is food?
What things are food?
How did food do it?
Just because you don't wanna eat paper
doesn't mean it's not food.
But here's my point is if you got a burrito
wrapped in paper and you took a bite of it
with the paper still on, you would go to jail.
Yes, it would not be pleasant.
Not all food is pleasant.
That's a good point.
See, I was thinking here, if you wanna eat it,
put it in your tummy, it tastes good,
then that's the sort of three things you need for food.
But there's a lot of things that are food,
like for me, a vegetable that I don't think it tastes tasty.
I don't want it in my belly.
I don't think I want it in my mouth.
I don't desire it, but it's still food, isn't it?
So shit.
Yeah, it's still food.
I mean, everybody's talking about a hot dog sandwich or not,
but I think we can all agree,
these things are food.
Maybe food is completely subjective.
One man's food is another man's treasure.
Yeah, I look at grass and I'm like, no, thank you.
But a cow looks at grass and a cow's like, yum, yum, yum.
Now that's what I call food.
And then I look at the cow and I say, well, do you know?
To the cow, the cow thinks I'm just me.
But I see the cow and I say, that's like 10 hamburgers.
Cause I'm a fucking big, big wild animal, just a big idiot.
Who also can't measure how big a hamburger is
compared to a cow.
Yeah.
All right, Travis, how many hamburgers
can you get out of a cow?
Answer me truthfully at all times with your heart.
They're not sliders.
35.
That's right.
35 hamburgers for a single cow.
No, he's right.
He got it right.
God, he got it right.
He got the right answer.
It's like, what is food?
What is food?
Is toothpaste food?
No, stop.
You gotta stop asking these dumb questions for the jokes.
No, listen, toothpaste isn't food.
And I can back that up.
Cause if you, it has chemicals in it that make you sick
if you eat more than a portion of it.
Sure.
And a portion is a deck of cards or the palm of your hand.
So if you eat more,
you should be able to eat a portion,
which is a deck of cards or the palm of your hand.
That's about the size of a portion of any food.
And you should be able to eat a portion of anything.
I thought you were saying that's how much toothpaste
you're putting on your brush every time.
No, that's how much food you should be able to eat
of something for it to qualify as food.
There should be nothing where if you ate more
than a deck of cards size of it, you would be sick.
You'd be dead.
What if you ate a deck of cards of salt?
Here's what's fucking me.
Salt is food.
Here's what's fucking me up.
Salt is food.
Eat a deck of cards of salt, you're good.
Here's what's fucking me up.
I don't think so.
I think you'd get very sick.
Here's what's fucking me up though.
You take the sticky stuff of dough, that ain't food.
No, that's not food.
You put it in the hot area, get it out, now it's food?
What?
You have, by cooking it and killing some of the latent
bacteria in it by cooking it, you have made it qualify
for food of rule number one.
Sorry, rule of food number one.
You could eat a deck of it and be okay.
What about a novelty size deck of playing cards?
No, a deck of it, a portion.
This is the rule.
If you eat a deck of raw dough,
that you could still get salmonella, get sick.
That ain't food, cousin.
Hey family, that ain't food.
Let me ask you this, Justin, is drink food?
Stop, you're just being a pisser right now, Trav.
I'm just trying to create new rules for food.
I've got one for you, where if you eat a deck of it,
if it makes you sick, that ain't food, nephew.
Does one must derive some form of nutrition
for it to be food?
Nope, because cotton candy's food.
Shit.
Can I cook a deck of toothpaste?
Ooh.
No, you would just exacerbate, that's not food.
We need more rules.
If you eat a deck of it and you're healthy still,
that's food.
That's fucked up though,
because I can't do that for cheese.
No, there has to be rules, Justin.
There can be other rules.
What other rules, Justin?
You're founding a new religion here, Justin.
You can't stop at one rule.
I came up with the one, like my rule is great.
I could eat a candle.
I could eat a playing card deck size of candle,
and I think I would live.
Probably not though.
I didn't say live.
Oh.
I said get sick.
And I think my friend, my young friend,
I think that if you ate a candle the size of your fist,
you'd probably not be feeling tip top
for the rest of the day.
That isn't food, brother.
I'm looking around my room,
thinking about things I could eat
a playing card deck size of.
I'll give you one.
Some playing cards.
Uh-huh.
It's rule two.
If someone, no, it can't just be someone,
because there would be people that would eat a candle
and say like, I loved it.
I'm gonna say if there's 20 people anywhere on Earth
who do enjoy eating the thing,
it also then is food.
Does that include like YouTube prank videos?
Ah, shit, yeah.
You don't, you would be so sick.
If you ate a deck of playing cards, they're waxed.
You would be sick.
It's not food.
I'm not gonna tell you how my fucking trick works, dude.
I ate a deck of playing cards
and I'm still here alive to tell the tale.
You figure it out.
Does anybody have another rule for food?
I already fucking gave you one.
My esoteric one.
Would you eat this in front of the Pope?
What food?
Hey, let's pretend for a second.
Because I would eat some ribs in front of the Pope.
Oh, hell yeah.
What is the number one food
that you at least want to eat
in front of a potential employer?
My own resume.
Yeah, probably a cake
with pictures of their family on it.
You guys are the pits.
You're not even applying yourselves
to the context of the question.
I wouldn't want to eat their lunch.
Okay, but like, you all are like,
if the man had seen the sawdust,
he wouldn't have died lateral thinking, puzzled me.
Oh, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.
I just want a good answer.
Yeah, I got a good answer.
It could be a hot dog
that you've written the word dickhead
and mustard on the top of it.
How about Taco Bell?
A big bag of Taco Bell.
And there's, instead of a receipt inside,
there's a piece of paper that says I stole this.
How about a big bag of Taco Bell
and also you're at Qdoba?
Oh, you're applying for a job at Qdoba.
Yeah.
Let me, I would like to suggest
a pretty dynamic change
to the way we are thinking about things.
I would like to suggest we split this into two categories.
Food, F-O-O-D, and that's where your sandwiches,
you know, your salads,
what you would think of when you think of food goes.
And then food, F-U, with an umlaut over it, C,
where we can put stuff like some paper,
a leaf you found outside.
You can't, okay, the word you're looking for is edible.
We have two rules for food, Travis.
Yes, but no rules for feud.
Everything else is feud.
If it's edible and not food, it's feud.
Yes, this is what I'm saying.
Okay, here are the two rules we have for food.
If you can eat a deck of it and not get sick
and 20 people anywhere like it.
But it can't be the same 20 people
who are just like stunting to expand the list.
I think we're on it, we got a good start here.
And then everything else is feud.
Everything else is feud, a new food-like product
from Travis McElroy.
Gang, I'm thinking it might just be easier
to just do a list.
See?
All the things that are food.
Listen, I'm just saying that I think we will find
less things that aren't food.
So if we went, can we get the folks down at MIT on this?
Recently, I moved to a small town
that's about three by three miles long.
Nine square miles, next question.
Nice try.
How big is my town?
How big's my town in square mileage?
There's your answer, next.
Sometimes while I'm working at my retail job,
I'll see customers with a nice cold Jamba Juice
and think about treating myself to one.
The problem is that there isn't a Jamba Juice
in my town at all.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
The closest neighboring town that has one
is about a 40 minute drive.
I spent all my time Googling
and can't find one in my or my neighboring towns.
Would it be okay for me to ask a customer
where the Jamba Juice is?
Do my customers drive 40 minutes for juice?
Should I?
This is from Jamba Juice Junkie.
Well, let me make one quick correction.
Your customers drive 80 minutes for a Jamba Juice.
Sure.
That's a fucking great point, Travis.
Thank you so much.
How is there even juice left in the cup
by the time they get to you?
How do you not immediately drain one of these?
Maybe they take like a cooler with them.
They buy eight Jamba Juices at once,
put it in some dry ice, have it all week.
Do you know how far I would have to drive
to get the Jamba Juice?
Uh oh.
Ooh, how far Justin?
Well, it wouldn't be 40 minutes, my man.
Our town is a little bit bigger
than nine by nine square miles,
but your boy Hoops would need to drive
three and a half hours to get the Jamba Juice.
So I'd have to really be craving that.
I don't know if I've ever had this juice.
Is it good?
I mean, it's not three and a half hours.
Sorry, as Travis and Riley points out, seven hours.
I mean, just so you don't feel bad, Justin,
here in Cincinnati, which I would call
a smallish major city.
That's a juice town.
That's a juice town.
The closest one is in Lexington, 81 miles away.
Maybe what we're really realizing here right now
is that maybe Jamba Juice needs to open some more locales.
Or Question Asker needs to.
Oh my god, Travis.
Yes.
The universe has been speaking to you
with these brave pilgrims and their delicious juice.
The universe is telling you,
Dilip, listen, it's time to open a Jamba Juice.
Quit your job. The market is here.
The market is here.
Your town is full of people that love Jamba Juice
and hate driving.
The time has come.
And maybe if you want to save on some fees
and some negotiating with Jamba Juice,
just open a Jumbo Juice.
Same exact everything else, but now it's you
and you don't have to pay for a franchise.
Open a Jambi Juice.
And you're gonna work with your friend Paul Reubens.
You're gonna open a Jambi Juice.
And John Paragon, I guess, would have to get in on it
to do like VO and stuff.
I don't think you can ask them
where they got the juice, though.
You don't think-
Cause that conversation would go,
hey, where'd you get that?
And they would say, Jamba Juice.
Or maybe they're getting it from like a Speak Juicy
and they can't tell you where,
cause it's like an underground Jamba Juice here in town
that you're not allowed to know about
cause you just moved there.
Or maybe it's not a real Jamba Juice
that they're getting their juice from.
It's an old foot locker
that somebody is just crushing up some oranges and apples
and what have you in.
And then they say, they sell it to them
and they say, this will be $60.
And they say, that seems stiff.
And they say, well, can I tell you, we're a real Jamba Juice.
And you don't wanna burst their bubble
that they're drinking bootleg Jamba Juice.
Haven't you noticed that it's just like solo cops
with the words Jamba Juice written onto it?
And it's got a lot of seeds, like many seeds.
It's so seedy.
It's pretty much all seeds.
How far would you guys drive for juice?
How far would I drive for juice?
I wouldn't go to my kitchen for juice, Justin.
If I handed you a cold juice right now,
you would just upturn the cup, huh?
Yes, onto your head.
Hey folks, it's just sugar.
Whoa.
You're welcome, yeah.
Didn't even think political would happen on this show.
But Justin got political.
I'm just mad because I tried to do a juice fast once
on the day of trick or treat,
and I only made it four hours.
Did you try to juice a bit of honey?
And you're like, this is not producing much.
Nothing.
This is nothing.
Oh boy, it was bad though.
Let's take a quick trip over to the money table.
Hey, can I tell you about Blue Apron?
Can I tell you about Blue Apron?
Yeah, Justin, you do it.
Every Friday, I go out on, and I open my front door,
and you know what's waiting for me?
Don't say a cardboard box.
It's so much more than that.
It's a world of cuisine.
Now this is all food, not the box.
Not the box, not the frozen elements.
Well, the box is feud,
and the frozen elements are probably feud too,
but don't take my word for it.
And they're really delicious food at that.
Blue Apron delivers fresh, pre-proportioned ingredients
with step-by-step recipes right to your door
that can be cooked in under 45 minutes.
I have been a Blue Apron customer
since they started advertising with us,
and I pay for all my Blue Apron meals now.
I say that with a point of pride.
I'm happy that I can continue to support
this great organization
because they deliver such fantastic food.
Sidney made one yesterday that was like a noodle dish,
like a chicken noodle dish
with some semolina in there and some seasoning.
Oh boy, I know I'm not describing it very well,
but hachi-machi was it ever good.
You're gonna love this stuff.
They're chef-designed recipes,
and you're gonna feel like you really know
what you're doing around the kitchen,
and if you do it for long enough, you really will.
I've worked with so many ingredients
that I wouldn't have worked with otherwise,
and I feel like, honestly, I know, Griffin,
you feel the same way,
just I have learned a lot about cooking.
Yeah, it's very.
Which I would never try otherwise.
It's a very good skill to know.
Thank you, Blapron.
So check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals free
at blueapron.com slash my brother.
No, blueapron.com slash my brother.
You fucked that up so bad.
We say that at least like six times an episode.
This is why we created the different one.
This is my brother and my sitter.
Go to blapron.com.
That's our private vanity URL
that we registered much to their chagrin.
That'll take you to blueapron.com slash my brother,
or you can go to blapron.com
and get your first three meals free.
Blue Apron is, quite simply, if I do say so myself,
a better way to cook.
Can I tell you about Wink?
Fuck me, I wanna do one of the ads.
Here's the thing about Wink.
I love wine.
But for a while there,
I thought I just kinda sorta liked wine.
Cause basically I was just being introduced
to the same like three bottles
over and over and over again.
But with Wink, I type in a couple of things.
They ask me a couple of simple questions,
like how do you take your coffee
and how do you feel about blueberries?
And frankly, I don't trust them.
With just those simple answers,
they will then recommend to you
and send you some wines
that are well-suited to your palate and your taste
without you having to know anything
about your palate and your taste.
It's incredible.
And these wines come
and they're new and interesting brands
I had never seen in a store,
but I'm now falling in love with.
And you can personalize, you know, what bottles you get.
And there's no membership fees.
You can skip any month.
You can cancel any time.
Shipping is covered.
And if you don't like a bottle, they'll replace it.
No questions asked.
It's a great deal.
Have you tried Jason Biggs Power Wine?
No, that one hasn't come yet.
You gotta, I think, request it.
Well, it takes a specific sort of profile answer.
And it's one that you wouldn't normally
sort of fill in there.
You have to really be looking for Jason Biggs Power Wine.
But they ask you things like, what's your favorite movie?
And you do have to say, you know,
American Pie, Saving Silverman, something like that.
And it's like, name one word, one adjective,
how you want your wine.
And you said, you have to say like psyched up.
Or just big, but two Gs.
Or you just put in, it says any additional details
and you can just type in there,
I wanna drink the Jason Biggs Power Wine.
And that'll usually get it to you there.
And I know you're probably wondering, is it red?
Is it white?
It doesn't have a discernible color.
It's kind of opalescent, I guess,
would be the word I would use.
Yeah, chunky.
So you can discover great wine today
if you go to trywink.com slash my brother.
That's trywink, T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother.
And when you do, you'll get $20 off your first shipment.
That's trywink.com slash my brother for $20 off.
Go check it out.
I wanna tell you about a podcast.
This one's called I Hate It, But I Love It.
That's the name of it.
It is not my review of the show.
It's called I Hate It, But I Love It.
You can find it at hatelovepodcast.com
or wherever you get your podcasts.
I Hate It, But I Love It is a super fun podcast
about the pop culture you love and hate simultaneously.
Each week, hosts and best pals Kat and Jocelyn
discuss a movie or TV show that they both love and hate,
like Game of Thrones, Armageddon, The Devil Wears Prada,
or anything J.J. Abrams ever made.
Then they try to figure out why they feel that way.
Oh, and did I mention they're Canadian?
That's not really important,
but any Canadians listening right now
just got a little bit excited.
You should listen.
I think you should listen no matter where you live,
but Canadians, you're gonna love
all of the great Canadian sensibilities
present in this show, I bet.
So that's I Hate It, But I Love It.
You can find it on your podcast destination.
We have a message for future Annie,
and it's from present Annie, and it says,
Annie, I hope you aren't driving to work right now
while you hear this.
It's okay if you are.
I'm not disappointed in you.
All things take time.
You're probably absolutely crushing it
no matter what you're doing.
I hope things are better then than now.
Don't settle.
You can always do better.
Also, Madison, I hope you're good.
This was for me, though.
They wanted this to air in March,
so I super duper hope that things are going well for you
because it's been a few months.
Yet a few bonus months there tacked on to the end
where things have almost certainly started doing better.
I have to imagine they've gotten better at this point.
I mean, the span, I mean, the events
of everything that's happened between March and June
is nothing but just no clouds in the sky,
beautiful, bright, sunshiny day.
Yep, yep, yep.
Annie, I think you're great,
and I bet you are crushing it no matter what you're doing.
And Madison-
We're proud of you.
And Madison, quit trying to jump in on Annie's thing.
Yeah, yeah, Madison, back off.
This is for Annie.
I actually don't, I actually wonder about Annie's situation
because since Annie, I hope you aren't driving to work
right now while you hear this.
It's okay if you are.
Are they disappointed?
There's a few things that can be disappointing to you.
One, that they're listening to the show still.
They have maybe wanted to stop.
I hope that's not the case.
Or disappointed that they heard it.
It could be they wanted to stop driving to work,
and they promised themselves they would start walking
or riding their bike.
That may be another thing.
Or it could be that they wanted them to have a different job.
I think Matt, I thought I took it as,
I'm disappointed in you for listening to anything
while driving to work,
a time when you should be focusing on driving.
Yeah, you should be driving, pay attention to driving.
This is for Pat, and it's from Sam.
Hi, Pat.
I know we said we weren't gonna do this,
but you're proposing to Rebecca today,
so that seems like a big deal.
So since this is going to be in the future, happy wedding.
Congrats on that coming up.
Unless she says no, which would be a colossal bummer.
Not that I need to tell you that.
In that case, keep your chin up, bud.
I love you.
And that's for whenever, man.
Okay, a lot going on.
Yeah.
A lot going on.
I feel like I need some sort of Reddit fan club
to break down the timeline for this.
I need an Inception flow chart to sort of follow.
What I love about this Jumbotron
is what this makes me think
is that Sam was talking to Pat,
and Pat was like,
yeah, I'm gonna propose to Rebecca today.
Whatever you do, don't get me a Jumbotron
that wishes me a future happy wedding.
And Sam says, okay, I won't do this,
and then jumps onto the phone,
and it's like, I know we said we weren't gonna do this.
It seems like Pat has been wronged before by Sam
in this exact way,
because I don't know why else
they would need to warn them otherwise.
Well, Adam, we're still putting out
the Greatest Discovery podcast
while we wait for season two.
What are we doing with these episodes?
We've talked to a whole bunch of interesting people,
like the Wall Street Journal's Ben Fritz
and MaximumFun.org's own Danielle Radford.
We're kind of using this time to find ways
to entertain ourselves and you
while we wait for the next season.
So catch yourself up with Star Trek Discovery
and join us Tuesday on The Greatest Discovery.
It's on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, actually, no.
Okay.
It's time to play the game that's shaking up America.
We return to it every week or so.
What do you got?
Celebrity Wine.
Why not?
Welcome to Celebrity Wine.
Why not?
It's a very good show.
Did you know you were gonna do this
before I talked about Jason Biggs' Power Wine?
Celebrity Wine, Why Not is a new show.
It's a quiz show with my brother, my brother, and me
where I'm gonna tell you,
I forget how we, how did we, what were the rules?
I think you gave us the name of the wine
and we tried to guess the celebrity and the rating.
Okay.
If I remember correctly.
I am going to, okay, the list is still shared with you
and I'm gonna hit you with the name and the score of a wine
and you're gonna tell me which actor from our list
is responsible for it.
I mean, don't tell us the score though.
That's half the fun.
Yes, you will guess the score after.
So I'm going to say our first one today,
our first one, let me open up this bottle.
Hello, gentlemen, I, my name is Smalley A. Justin
and I am so happy you came to our restaurant.
Today we have a fine bottle for you.
It's a Ferguson Crest 2014 Private Reserve Syrah.
It's from the Santa Ynez Valley.
And it's, oh, half of the label has worn off here.
I can't read the celebrity, but I knew that a very
considerable celebrity was attached to this wine.
Oh, I know it.
Yeah, I do too.
It's not the hardest one you've given us before.
It did take a second.
Is that by Fergie Furr?
Is that Fergie's wine?
Fergie Furr, that's Fergie's wine.
Give me the score.
Oh man.
Now to remind you of the scale here,
really between 80 and 100 is really the score.
I'm gonna say 87.
I'm gonna say 83.
Well, that's a 90 on this one.
Hey, great wine Fergie.
Fergie did a good job.
She tried her best and she was very, very, very pleased.
I'm gonna Google just to real quick,
see how original our nation sort of wine critics are.
Fergie wine fergalicious.
And see how many people sort of led with that.
Yeah, yep.
Len, it looks like my computer just imploded.
It just sort of disappeared in my desk.
It Googled it too hard and died.
So gentlemen, please enjoy the Ferguson Crest 2014.
Look out for candied blackberry and black currant.
Meet with lilacs on the concentrated gooey nose
of this bottling.
Gooey nose?
That's what wine enthusiasts fucking said.
I kid you not.
A gooey nose?
Just a gooey nose on Fergie's wine.
Fergie, this one's got a gooey nose.
Next up, gentlemen, if you'll follow me over
to Tuscana, Italy.
We're going to be sampling the Il Pallaggio
2012 Sister Moon Red.
Say it again.
This is the Il Pallaggio 2012 Sister Moon Red
from Tuscana, Italy.
You're gonna be looking for a polished palate
showing mature red plum, tobacco, and vanilla.
I'm going to say Lorraine Bracco.
Um, I don't know who that is.
I don't either.
I mean, as bad as I want it to be, Mike Ditka.
I don't think it is Mike Ditka.
It sounds fancy.
So I'm going to say either Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
or Sting.
I'm going to say Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie.
Oh, it was Sting, sir.
Oh, sir, it was Sting.
Ah, fuck.
I'm actually, I have to be honest with you guys.
I'm at a bit of an advantage here
because while on vacation this summer,
I did have a bottle of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's wine.
Ah, shit.
So here's the question for all of you here on the call.
Who's better at wine, Sting or Fergie?
Oh no, I'm going to say Sting is an 82.
I'm going to say Sting didn't make good wine.
I think Sting, 82 feels right to me, Trav.
You know, it's 88.
He did a great job.
It wasn't as good as Fergie did.
But yeah, we got one more in Celebrity Wine, why not?
Really excited about this one.
Gentlemen, let me summon my character back up.
Thank you.
Gentlemen, our last wine,
because I can tell you're getting a little inebriated
here at the table.
Our last is a 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon,
a Cab Sav in the lingos from Columbia Valley of Washington.
And it is called Pursued by Bear.
It's a 2012 Cabernet Sauvignon Pursued by Bear.
It's a little Shakespearean pun.
It provides plenty of immediate appeal,
but will only benefit from some time in the cellar.
If I can go down the list here.
This isn't the Jeff Gordon Speedwine.
It's not the Mario and D'Andretti Speedwine.
I want to say Kyle McLaughlin,
because Pursued by Bear seems like somebody
who has a fun like understanding of Shakespeare
and also the fact that I think it's in Washington state,
which is where I think Twin Peaks is.
Wait, is it from Washington?
I'm sorry, gentlemen, the owner says I cannot-
Oh, this game stinks.
My descriptions.
I'm gonna say Kyle McLaughlin.
It is from Washington.
I've checked with the owner.
He said I could share that from you.
It is from Columbia Valley of Washington.
It's probably Kyle McLaughlin.
So sirs, just so I can quantify this,
you think Kyle McLaughlin decided to make a wine
of Washington because he was in a TV show there
25 years ago?
Yes.
Is that sort of-
No, they did the reboot.
This is, I told you it was a 2012.
It was a 2012 Cab Sav.
Someone from Washington said,
you know who I bet is a big fan of us
because he shot a TV show here
and they reached out to Kyle McLaughlin.
All right, I'm gonna change it.
That's my logic.
I'm gonna change it to-
You're a coward.
Sam Neal.
The answer is Kyle McLaughlin.
Yes! What the fuck?
Yes, I stuck with my gut, Griffin.
You are rewarded.
You get a second pour here. That's bullshit.
Here you go, sir, enjoy.
I told you it had a fun, actor-y name,
pursued by Bear.
I know, but Justin came at me
with all this negative energy
and it ruined my vibe.
Don't be bullied by our older brother.
Who is better at making wine,
Agent Dale Cooper or Fergie Ferg?
Probably- I'm gonna go high
because I'm betting that Kyle McLaughlin
really got involved in the process
and was a stickler for quality.
I'm gonna say a 95.
I'm gonna say that I've doubted Fergie in the past
and it has not served me well.
I think her wine's better.
Kyle McLaughlin's pursued by Bear 2012 Cab Sav
comes in at 93 points from my enthusiast.
Second only to Earth's best celebrity winemaker,
Boz Scaggs.
We all remember Boz is the best.
What's my dick-cause-fucking-wine call?
Sir, if you want me to-
I'm gonna get kicked out of this fucking winery.
I'm Googling it.
Fuck you, Samoyed.
If you want my dick-cause-2011 Cabernet Sauvignon
called The Icon.
I'm sorry, no, he's got three.
He's got a Merlot called The Player
and he's got a Cab Sav called The Coach.
I want a Coach wine.
Order all three of those right now.
Hi, Mike Ditka.
It's me, your wine producer.
We need a name for this wine.
What are some words you know?
The player?
The coach?
And the ball.
No, we can't, we're not gonna do the ball wine.
It's Mike Ditka's ball wine.
Freshly sweet.
It's got notes of currant,
it's got notes of strawberry in it,
and a little bit of pigskin, baby.
Can we do DeWine?
No, we can't do DeWine, sir.
Congratulations to Kyle McLaughlin and Fergie
for shocking the haters
and producing a better wine than Sting.
How about one, Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that.
This one's sent in by Allen.
Allen, thank you, Allen.
Sorry, I almost attributed it to you.
It's Yahoo Answers User?
So Mike Ditka asks, what to wear to laser tag?
I'm Mike Ditka.
From Family Guy.
From Family Guy.
It is really hot,
and I haven't got any black tanks and stuff.
Could I possibly wear a play suit, blue,
or is that too much?
What?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's a play suit?
Mm-hmm.
A play suit, Travis, I'm glad you asked.
I googled it.
It's not anything.
It's not anything that exists in the world.
This is so tough,
because you have to find something
that is both resistant to lasers
and nacho cheese afterwards.
Yeah, something hydrophobic and laserphobic.
What it, oh, I've got it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry to answer this one so quickly.
We'll have to do another one,
but I have the answer,
and the answer is you're gonna wanna dress
like an employee of the laser tag place.
Okay.
Okay, kind of a covert.
Sure, and you get blasted.
Peer-peer, and you're like,
what the fuck are you doing?
Can you see my clothes?
I'm a journalist.
I'm covering this laser war.
Are you trying to get yourself thrown out of here?
Because I have that power.
Could you do like a RoboCup outfit?
Did I say RoboCup?
You did. RoboCup.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
This police officer got killed by a big gang,
and they're like, we can save him,
make him even better than before.
And he wakes up, and he's like,
uh-oh, wait a minute, uh-oh.
What did you do to me?
You're like, well, you got a little handle there,
cute little floral pattern.
You got your own saucer.
You got a saucer.
This is your partner.
Saucer.
He used to be a firefighter,
but we fucked him up too.
So anyway, do I have any cool robot powers?
You can hold different beverages inside.
And is it gonna hurt when it's a hot,
oh, it'll hurt.
Yeah.
It'll hurt.
Yeah.
How long will they stay hot or cold?
Not long, you are not insulated.
You're sort of a guy cup, so.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about all of it.
They, listen, we tried to order RoboCup parts,
but Jeff over here fucked up the order form,
did a typo on it, so you're gonna get what you get.
Hey, at least this, you're not dead.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess.
I'd rather be.
Well, the bad news is we don't know how to kill a cup.
So what do I do now?
Am I supposed to fight crime?
Oh, well, if you want, I guess.
I mean, you're not suited for that, if we're being honest.
You're a cup, it feels like a tall order.
And let me check this out.
I heard Dizzy's making a live action Beauty and the Beast.
Now we're gonna get you down there casting.
Can you do a chip?
Oh, wait, they made that like four years ago.
Fuck, man, I don't know.
You might have a job on Sunset Boulevard,
get your picture taken with Chip the Cup
from Beauty and the Beast.
You know, you could make $20 a day.
No, sorry, you can't charge for those.
They might have a sequel in the works, you never know.
Might be uniquely suited.
Now get on out of here.
We're gonna turn someone into Tupperware.
Well, hold on, a sequel, that would be Beauty
and the Handsome Dude and all of his human house servants.
Everything still good?
Yep, okay, roll credits.
No, it's just called Gaston's Funeral.
Don't nobody wanna go to that.
Anyway, you're a cup now.
Get on out of here.
We had a conversation about this, we were talking about.
Okay, so we are doing some shows in Orlando,
and one show, no?
Yeah, one show in Orlando at the end of August.
So we're thinking about like ducking our heads in to Disney
for a few days while we're down there.
And the one thing that Charlie was really firm on
is that she does not wanna see Gaston.
She wants to, she does not wanna see Gaston.
And she said, and we, Sydney and I were talking,
and I guess in the same room as her,
and Sydney very briefly said like,
well, sweetie, you realize that's not the same,
and then she stopped herself.
We can't really go down that road.
We can't go down the you know what's not the same
Gaston road because you take that one brick out
and it all sort of tumbles around you.
And then I very helpfully jumped in and said,
well, Gaston died, so that's a different Gaston.
That was not better.
So helpful, Justin.
That was not better, actually.
So it's a cyborg Gaston, nothing to be afraid of there,
or brought back to life with dark magics.
Again, not- An unstoppable Gaston zombie.
Not anything to be afraid of there.
Why do they have that pervert Gaston even at the park?
I hate that guy.
Why does he get, he's a very bad per,
and you know what, he's not bad in the traditional,
I'll steal your voice and then become the,
no, he is a racist, and he gets killed for it.
Whatever, but it's wild that he's like,
everyone pose with me, expectorating.
I'm a cool guy who tried to force a woman
to marry me against her will by imprisoning her dad.
Yeah, I gaslighted her dad, it was great.
I ate all of Griffin's eggs and spit on his car,
and it's like, Jesus, dude.
You know, here's the thing though, listen,
I don't want to blow this whole thing wide open,
but if you think about it,
the beast also imprisoned Belle's dad
in an attempt to try to force her to marry him.
So it seems like both of them kind of suck.
I mean, there should be maybe a bad Disney World
where Gaston, the beast, the bad guy from Pocahontas,
who was like real bad.
Real, real, real bad, pretty bad.
Not fun bad, like a lot of the, you know, Ursula.
This is a different podcast.
This is not our podcast.
I mean, I just, it's a different park.
It's Nasty Disney World where bad kids go.
Nasty Disney World where all the villains are kept
and the bad kids can elect to go to it.
They are, they haven't been redeemed.
You know what, it's sort of a heaven and hell situation.
Are there still rides?
Yes, the rides are way cooler.
The rides are so much cooler,
so much more dangerous and action packed.
The food's all nachos, more or less just all,
just big spicy beef nachos, pretty much all over.
And you can just shit anywhere.
It's Nasty Disney World.
It's where all they,
it's where good Disney World keeps all the mosquitoes.
Listen, it's not pluses and minuses.
The rides are cooler.
There are mosquitoes everywhere.
It's fine.
Their mouse buddy Sid from Toy Story, it's cool.
It's really cool.
You get a paintball gun when you go in.
And that's nice too,
because then if you're an employee at regular Disney World
and they're like,
Todd, I noticed that you were taking 40 minute breaks
instead of 30 minute breaks.
You don't want to have to work Nasty Disney, do you?
Yeah. No, of course not.
But then it's okay,
cause Jafar will sell you some skunk weed.
It's not all bad.
Folks, that's gonna do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening to our program.
If you came out to see us in San Francisco or Phoenix,
thank you for coming out.
Tragic news, or I guess, I don't know,
depends on your perspective.
Yeah, maybe you don't care.
If at the Phoenix show,
that audio was...
Just fucking mulch.
Just fucking mulch.
So that show will never be released.
That is your show to treasure and enjoy.
If you made a secret pirate copy of it,
please let us know,
cause otherwise it's lost to the ether.
So don't, sorry about that.
But you know, it's a special show
that you get to treasure in your heart now,
and no one else will ever hear.
But thank you for coming out.
Like I mentioned,
we do have some other appearances coming up.
If you want to come see us,
go to McElroyShows.com for it's nice tours.
We're gonna be all over this great, this great land.
And we hope that you'll join us.
That includes not only our live shows,
but also Summit Adventure Zone graphic novel book events.
We're doing like live read and graphic novel stuff in July.
And then throughout July and August,
some combination of us and our dad
and the artist, Carrie Peach,
are going to be stopping
at our kind of local bookstore establishments
for meet and greets and signings.
So if you don't want to miss that,
McElroyShows.com slash tours, yeah.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for these for our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It is a, it's a choice cut.
As we say in the music industry,
you're gonna just love these tunes.
And hey, thanks to MaxFun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org and check out
all the great shows there.
You're gonna find something that you're gonna enjoy.
Maybe it's Bubble,
the new sci-fi sort of fiction podcast
that Jordan Morris wrote
and a bunch of folks starred in.
We have guest spots in an episode
that I don't think has come out yet,
but it's a very fun show that I bet you're just gonna dig
because everybody worked really hard on it.
It's called Bubble and all that's at MaximumFun.org.
I've done a couple quick guest spots.
Well, I've done a couple of guest spots
on a D&D live stream show called Dice Camera Action.
It's from Wizards.
You can find it twitch.tv slash D&D,
or it's on the D&D YouTube channel.
You can just search for Dice Camera Action.
And it's just been a real blast.
I brought Magnus back to play with them
and it's been fun playing Magnus again
and playing with these folks.
And Chris Perkins is the DM
and he's one of our inspirations.
So I'm a big fan of it
and I recommend everybody check it out.
Yeah, how about that final?
Hit me.
This one was sent in by Allen.
Also, it's Yahoo Answers user, Jack M who asks,
I accidentally shifted the upper case.
How do I get back to lower cases
so my passwords will work?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother,
may kiss your dad's around the lips.
I'm Travis McElroy and I'm Travis McElroy.
Whether you are a parent or just know kids exist
in the world, join us each week
as we honestly share what it's like to be a parent.
Turns out it isn't what we thought it would be.
For example, stickers on car windows.
It's no longer about what type of monster
would let that happen
and more like realizing you are that monster.
So join us each week as we judge less, laugh more,
and remind you that you are doing a great job.
Download One Bad Mother on maximumfun.org
or Apple Podcasts.
And yes, there will be swears.
