The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me.
If you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around. If you got no place to go, when you're feeling down.
If you're all alone, with a pretty verse, I'm gonna be with you.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to me. Happy birthday, dear Travis and Justin. Happy birthday to us.
So unfair.
Best day of the year.
Why couldn't they, like, our parents are intelligent people. Why couldn't they have, you know, timed it out so that I would have come out on a...
I have to wait another, like, six months for mine.
Today is Travis and Justin's birthday. Justin, that's me. Me and Travis is our birthday. And we're celebrating in style.
I always kind of found it weak that when we were growing up and, you know, Griffin was still a small wee babe, he would get presents on our birthday because he was one of the three that didn't.
Right, he didn't understand.
Do you know why that happened?
Because you were a baby?
I would have cried if I didn't.
Yeah, because he had a baby chromagnum brain. Baby brains and chromagnum brains are basically the same thing.
But it is our birthday. We're celebrating the only way we know how by taking your ignorance of certain topics, turning it alchemy-like into wisdom.
This is my brother, my brother and me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
Let's just get right into it.
I want to cut through the red tape, cut through all the business, and just really get down into this deep.
So let's start off with an email. It says, I have a cat who is generally a bit standoffish. She doesn't snuggle, doesn't much like being picked up.
The only time she wants to get on my lap is when I'm in the bathroom, tending to secondary biological output.
I have always enjoyed her company as an alternative to reading or staring blankly at a wall. My husband, however, thinks the whole thing is weird,
that I should leave the door shut, ignore her plaintive meows, and get on with my business myself.
She seems so sad when I don't let her in, though. Please give me some guidance here.
Who's that from?
That's from Poop Lap.
Sorry, can you slow it down a bit?
It's Poop Lap.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm trying to imagine what the sad meowing of a cat sounds like when it's behind the door of a bathroom where you are defecating,
and that cat, all it wants is to just come in and just chill with you while you do your business. I'm trying to imagine what that sounds like.
I'll tell you, Griffin, it sounds exactly like Purple Rain.
I'm trying to make a concerted effort here to not take this in the scatological territory, so I'm going to talk about the ethics of what's happening here.
Okay.
In this modern society, in the society in which we live, we are so connected.
You know, every moment you're on the book, you're on the FB, you're on the Google, you're Googling, you're tweeting, Twoto, on all the services.
Form Spring, Tumblin, Tumblin, you're on the Tumblin, you're on the Tamblin, you're on the Crumping, you're Crumping.
It's just so many different outlets for people to stay connected with you.
The B-room is really the one time of the day when you get to just be, that's for nobody else, not for your cat, not for Facebook.
What you're ignoring, though, is that your cat's not on Twitter, your cat's not on Facebook, it's not Tumblin, it's not Smanging.
I am pretty sure no cats are on my Facebook friends.
I actually have a couple.
Yeah, I have people who use their cats as their pictures, which, by the way, that's not you.
Stop lying.
Get your baby off there, too, while we're at it.
It's not you.
Your baby is not you.
You are you.
Don't confuse me.
The pictures of you holding other people's babies, not cool.
Not cool.
It's confusing.
You're putting your baby on the grid already, just the babies on the grid.
I think that I have to be pretty steadfast in this, Griffin.
I understand what you're saying, but it's about your mental state.
It's not about your cat can't track you on Twitter, so now you're going to let it be in the bathroom with you.
But the thing is, it sounds like it's good for her mental state.
She enjoys the cat's company while she's making business.
What does it say about the cat's relationship?
The only time she likes to be with you.
Oh, the cat's a fucking freak.
Don't get me wrong.
As long as we can all agree on that.
Okay, the cat's dirty, right?
That cat is a dirty ass cat.
That cat is some sort of reincarnated scat pervert.
Fuck that cat.
Your cat's a freak.
Your cat's a pervert.
Your cat is a pervert.
But, I mean, if you enjoy her company, then more power to you.
I say, poop away, cat on lap.
I don't think it's okay.
Let's take a vote.
Is it okay?
It's not.
It's not okay.
Is November 8 the best day of the year?
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Majority rules.
It's the best.
I work at the most monotonous job ever, and your podcast brightens my Mondays.
I was wondering if you could recommend any other podcasts or activities to make my work days more exciting.
Thanks.
Are we going to recommend any competitors?
Get real, StormSpring.
Nice try.
Sorry.
Does McDonald's talk about how tasty Whoppers are?
Never.
They probably do.
Probably.
Probably in secret at meetings.
Our burgers are whack.
You know who's got those dope burgers?
Don't tell anybody.
BK.
BK.
BK and DQ.
Me and all my billionaire buddies, we always like to go to just hit the BK at the late
night.
You've got to get that BK.
Our chicken select strips are bullshit.
You get that strip at BK?
They got that shit in the shape of a crown.
First off, maybe go get some McDonald's and Burger King.
That's fun food, fun to eat, and that can really help to make the days pass.
Just eating fast food?
Eating fast food.
Just kill the lonely times.
Kill the sad times with the taste of salt and fat.
Oh boy.
Now I see how I'm hungry.
Oops.
You did it again, McDonald's advertisers.
I think whatever recommendations we could give you depends entirely on what your job
is.
Because if you're a surgeon, you need to fucking look sharp.
You need to put down the iPod.
Was that a pun?
It didn't mean it to be, but I'll take it.
You need to not be distracted when you're cutting into humans.
If you, I don't know, scan medical documents into a computer for eight hours a day, then
you're going to need some help, some assistance.
My suggestion, a clipboard.
I know it seems, but it'll let you get away with literally anything.
You can put Sudoku on there, you can put some Crossword on there, or just carry it around
so no one will speak to you.
How did you just pronounce the word Sudoku?
I think I said Sinoko.
Sinoko.
No, Griffin, you're confused.
Sinoko is that new joint.
Hey, have you guys played Sadaka?
Have you played Neil Sadaka?
I was actually thinking of the gas station Sinoko.
Did you get that new John Sakata record?
Wow.
And the game included inside the CD notes?
Really fun.
We play it all day.
Sudoku is that new Sudoku where it makes a picture at the end.
And then the cards bounce around the screen.
An erotic picture.
That's a sexy picture.
Sudoko.
It kind of looks like a boob made of blocks.
We have given this person zero advice.
Okay, we've got to get, I think the best thing to do is to just, you've got to shut your brain
off and let it take you to another far away place.
Like if you can't do something obvious like read or ride a moped or something when nobody's there,
you've got to take your mind and let it take you on a journey.
No one is your boss in your head at all.
And another fun game is to play little games with yourself.
Like how many times can I slip this word into a conversation before someone notices?
And how often can I mispronounce words like Sudoku until someone notices?
See how long it takes you.
Walk around all day next Monday and walk around saying Sodomcum.
And wait until someone corrects me.
Now Travis, I have to ask, do you play that game when you're doing the podcast with us?
Because you did just say Sudoko in a strange manner.
Of course not, Griffin.
I'm going to be on the lookout now.
Let's do a Yahoo answer.
Yeah, that would be great.
This one was sent in by Art Santana.
That's probably his real name, but wow, that's a good name.
Have you guys noticed how many people with totally fresh names listen to our podcast?
Like Max Jackman?
Like Max Jackman?
It's really flattering.
Anyway, this Yahoo answer is from Thomas Schlicher.
What?
Almost certainly I said that wrong.
Not a good name.
Yeah, that's a bad name, but he doesn't listen to the show, so we're fine.
He asks, how do I tell my mom, dad, friends, et cetera, that I am a furry?
I have a huge problem.
I'm 13 and furry.
My girlfriend is also 13 and furry.
But I told my mom about it, and she told me that furry fandom is one of the, quote,
most disgusting and horrific things she has ever heard, end quote.
My dad's reaction was almost the same, but he took it better.
Now, though, I don't know what to do.
Please help.
What do you think that dad's reaction was like?
Hey, son.
You're what?
This isn't my jam, but I think your mother really went overboard with her reaction to
this news.
So yeah, I don't understand what all the hubbub is about.
He's just furry like he's going through puberty and starting to get hair in weird places.
That's normal.
That happens to the best of us.
I'm almost certain he means he wants to dress up like a raccoon and bone down.
Here's what's troubling.
Wait, what?
Yeah, I'm almost positive that's what the furry means.
Wait, not like puberty?
No, not like puberty.
I feel like we covered this on last week's show, that animals are fucking sexy, yo.
They're getting sexier every year.
And he's just trying to capitalize on that movement by dressing himself in furs and pelts.
Yeah, and try to capture that sex wave, you mean, before it passes all of us by?
If I were to give this kid some real advice, which I'm not, because yuck, you just got
to wait it out because pretty soon furries are going to be the new vampires.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Is this about a trend for you?
Or hey, by the way, the odds against you being a 13 year old person who likes to dress like
a raccoon and have sex, meeting, falling in love with a person, and then discovering that
they too enjoy that sex, it doesn't happen.
Fucking astronomical.
Also, marry her.
He met her on a furry website and they hooked up on the fur rooms.
What?
Don't.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
What?
Like forums, but with firms.
I like it.
I like it.
Thank you.
I'm going to start calling on that for a week and a half firms.
Have you guys, whenever I read a question like this that has anything to do with the
furry community, um, I think that I'm an incredibly like open-minded person.
Like, you know, I, I'm colorblind.
I'm age blind.
I'm gender blind.
Like, I don't know.
My patience wears kind of thin with furries.
Like I, I'm not one to hate on any particular group of people because of whatever sexual
stuff they're into.
Um, and I'll like defend those people and their right to do that.
But I just don't have that for furry.
The thing is what you are seeing right now is like this, the furries, the most valuable
service that furry provides us is they let you see inside the head of like a conservative
Republican minister.
And like the way he feels about pretty much everybody outside of his immediate family
is the way you feel about furries.
So like, and Furbies, but mainly furries.
I think this falls under a game I like to play called daddy, how did you meet mommy?
And I think any store that says, you know, I looked across the conference hall and saw
the sexiest raccoon I've ever seen.
I was going to say raccoon too.
It's all about raccoons.
Yeah.
I think it's because you don't see raccoons a lot in your day to day, so you don't have
a lot of personal connection to them.
But so they're like exotic and sexy, but yeah.
Let me, let me ask you guys.
I looked across the room and saw the sexiest marmot I've ever seen.
No, that doesn't work.
Yeah.
All right.
So three years after the furry civil rights movement.
I mean, am I going to be like the bigot?
Like the back against the wall?
Like, I'm sorry.
I don't care how far society has come.
I refuse to recognize the right to furries.
I will never ever be okay with this.
Zero percent chance of me ever, ever, ever being cool with this.
I would at this point, endorse state mandated castration for all furries.
How does that taste?
What's up?
I'm raising the stakes on our comedy program to endorse the castration of human beings.
Okay, let's go.
Get on it politicians.
Let's get deeper.
Let's inception what you just said.
Okay.
Is that, is that a punitive measure or is that more of a population control?
Like you don't want them passing the furry gene, that aberration onto their, their children.
It is absolutely spokesman Bob Barker is it's absolutely both.
It works both ways.
Okay, now let's keep one more level.
Okay.
If, if two people dressed up as raccoons fuck, what are the odds that they'll give birth to a raccoon?
Oh my God.
What, this is the kind of future that I'm protecting you and yours against.
My bigger fear is, is like a half man, half raccoon, the man-coon, if you will.
That, that's really terrifying.
And it's, and it's totally possible.
Ask any scientist.
My wife's a doctor.
I'll ask her.
She says yes.
Look at, look at Steve Buscemi.
Those big rings around his eyes.
Had to come somewhere.
What's up?
Man-coon Buscemi.
I, castrated also.
Sorry.
That I would, here's the, here's a bigger question.
I think you get into problem with logistics.
What's the most efficient way to do it?
I would suggest that all, all furry costumes would come like legally would have to come with a small patch of general burning cream that when, when you put the costume on, it would just send them away.
Like a, like a hair that got too close to a campfire.
That's what I would, that's what I would like to see happen.
Final question on this subject.
Do you think furries watch Space Jam and just jerk it so right?
Just get that good clean jerk going.
Probably.
Lot of anthropomorphic animals in that one.
Problematically though, there's also a lot of sports, which they are not big on.
I've heard of.
You don't know that.
Unless they're mascots.
Yeah.
They like that.
They don't see why the basketball has to keep interrupting the mascot show made just for them.
Boy, you know what else they can't watch?
A banana split.
They love that jam.
I saw, I saw a local furry get so sexually crazed that he pushed beeper down to the ground and just got away with him.
Just got on it.
Which is weird because beeper is not an animal by any...
He's anthropomorphized nightmares.
Like that's, that's something.
It's a furry costume.
Those people don't care.
They'll F anything.
They just want something with fur.
They just want something with fur.
Don't let them near a shag carpet.
Yeah.
They'll just work it.
Watch your back Tom Selleck.
Hey three of me bros.
I like it.
I work in retail and I'm next in line to be manager.
My boss always complains about hating his job, but he just won't leave.
How can I get him to quit?
I want him.
I want a promotion.
Griffin, you know, it's time for Highlander.
What's up?
You gotta.
There can be only one manager of this Denny's.
What?
Don't cut off his head.
Whatever you do, that's going to be more trouble than you want.
I rule the gap.
It will be pretty cool when lightning strikes you in the gap.
Yeah.
Filling you with powers.
Filling my last sweater.
Now I make the schedules.
Here we are.
Born to be kings of this gap that I now can run.
You should quit.
Wait, wait, how could he quit?
He just killed his manager.
Before you kill your manager.
By before, I mean, don't, just don't do that.
Well, don't do it and quit.
That's the whole purpose.
I think you should just quit.
Wait, why?
This retail blows.
It just doesn't sound like it's right for you.
I think we've all worked our fair share of retail jobs and I've had a manager do that.
I would like to cut their head off.
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean, I've only worked one, but I mean, that was a pretty pleasant experience.
If you are like a hundred percent sure.
You got mugged.
Griffin, you got robbed.
I did get robbed.
But that was.
You got robbed at gunpoint.
That was a growth experience that taught me about myself.
And I'm sure it taught that person a little bit about themselves too.
Yeah.
I'm positive.
Or at least now that they're in jail.
Now that they're in prison.
Yeah.
Do you know that if there is a quickening after a murder, you cannot be legally tried
for it?
I did not know that.
Yeah.
If you are a hundred percent sure there's going to be a quickening after you cut someone's
head off with a katana.
I guess that explains why in Highlander the series, I mean, Duncan kills a lot of dudes,
right?
But he never has to face any litigatory pressure.
I would never watch something like that.
I don't know why you would reference that.
What?
No.
What?
No.
On USA?
It's all good.
It's all fun and games to talk about cutting a manager's head off with a katana, but when
you're talking about actually watching Highlander, I don't know, like the series, it goes a little
too far for me, I think.
FormSpring, let me give you some real advice here.
Uh-oh.
I know.
Here's what you need to do.
The next time your manager doodles something or makes something out of a straw paper, act
like it's the greatest thing you've ever seen and encourage him to become a famous
artist.
That's pretty good.
I like that.
Tell him that he's too good for retail and he needs to get out.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And then after he quits, be like, I was just kidding.
That's dumb.
Yeah.
And then be like, I'm the manager now.
Highlander.
Like, say that.
Here's another option.
Ask him to come back to the warehouse and look at something for you while there's a bunch
of people in there.
And then just like, as soon as you get back there, shout, no, you can't touch my wiener.
Like that.
Like you can't rub it and touch it.
And then like run out screaming with your pants right under your ankles and people will,
they will call for his head.
And then after they call for his head, cut it off, Quickening Highlander.
I think I know what the theme of this episode is.
A Highlander style Quickening after an empty accusation of sexual misconduct.
There can be only one appropriate response.
I'm a 28 year old dude and my boyfriend is 52.
My friends are all cool with the gay thing, but how do I approach the age gap?
He's a pretty cool guy and not at all a granddad.
Cheers.
And this comes to us from Yes, I Know It's Weird.
Listen.
Okay.
Listen.
Are you listening?
I am.
It kind of sucks that he's not at all a granddad.
I am not.
You can always have more of those originals.
If I was a homosexual, I would totally want a granddad boyfriend.
Yeah, totally.
Think of the benefits.
Many.
Too many to name.
Yeah, there's, there's uh, uh, using denture cream as a lubricant.
That's all I got.
See, I was gonna make-
That's not-
Were you gonna go around that region or-
Around that area involving dentures and the options that that provides.
Whoa.
I was just thinking about that.
Yeah.
Take those dentures out, Papa.
Yuma, yuma.
Yuma, yuma, indeed.
I was just thinking about how awesome it would be to roll up to like a hardcore gay club
with like a dude who looks like Andy Griffith in a sweater vest.
Or a dude that is Andy Griffith.
What's nice is that you can, uh, you get to eat dinner at like 430, which is good.
That's a good- I guess that's gay, bad, or indifferent, right?
Like either way, I mean-
I could date a grandma and still get that treatment.
Oh boy.
What is age gap these days?
We're living to like 130, 140.
That's a good, great point, Travis.
Science.
Uh, I mean this, this guy's got 25 years on him though.
I mean that's a, that's a significant chunk of change.
Yeah.
Um, I, uh, 24, but-
You know, who's counting?
Who's counting?
Who could do simple subtraction?
Clearly not me.
Uh, it's not his birthday.
Cut him some slack.
Um, I, I think that if your friends are already cool with the gay thing, you gotta understand
that like, I, I mean, it's not that they're not understanding.
It's that, and you might love this grandpa very much, but you're, it's still like bringing
an old guy around.
Oh, get him a t-shirt that says world's best grandpa, but mark out grandpa and write boy
club.
No, come on.
No, come on.
I was going to go with lover, but, um, come on, let's, let's help this.
Here's, here's the important thing when it comes to an age gap.
It's not the age that's important.
It's the interests.
If you share the same interests, if you're into the same things, if you get along well,
age doesn't matter.
But if you don't connect on that level, like if you want to go out all the time and he
wants to stay home, if you have different interests and you're not interested in the
same thing.
And this applies, you know, for anyone entering in a relationship with an older person or,
you know, in any relationship, if you don't have similar interests, if you don't agree
on things, it's not a good match.
If you do, then who the fuck cares, you know, if you guys agree, if you're happy together,
then yeah.
And they will get your friends.
I think if you continue in this relationship and you continue to bring him around, your
friends will get acclimated.
Like they really will.
I mean, they will adjust to this guy, and maybe it won't seem so weird to them after
a while.
I mean, we're all just people, right?
Underneath the skin.
They'll get along really well with him, especially once he keeps giving them like really old
dry pieces of chewing gum.
No, but on the serious though, if you have similar interests with him and you have similar
interests with your friends, they're gonna get along great.
Yeah.
You just gotta prove it to them.
That being said, be prepared for the fact that you will get that initial like, who is
that guy?
And you just have to be braced for that.
You know, I have a lot of friends that are in relationships with people much older than
them.
And I mean, it's one of those things where you just have to be ready for that initial
like, wow, he's a lot older than you.
I know, but I love him.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Have him show up and say he is your granddad.
And then halfway through the night, just like, you two just tongue kiss like crazy.
And then he'll be like, what up fuckers, mind blown.
And I'll be like, wow, you're the coolest guy ever.
And you say, but no, we are seriously in love.
And then he breaks into a great guitar solo.
We're very much in love, really.
And they will be so punked, they will love it.
When you're looking for the best way to acclimate your group of friends to your older boyfriend,
the best thing you can do is pretend he's your grandpa and then and just bone down on
him.
Right.
Tung gets him right in the middle of the night.
I hope our dad, who's three years older than this guy, does not listen to this show.
And I was saying that a 52 year old man is like, pretty much dead, he's like a dead guy.
It's like it's like the crypt keeper following you around.
I need help.
And you've come to the right place.
My friend has a crush on me and has asked me out on numerous dates.
I keep politely saying I'm busy that weekend or I have no money, hoping he'll take a hint.
But he keeps persisting.
Is there a way to let him know there's no way me and him could ever be together without
ruining our friendship?
As friend troubles Gmail.
Yeesh.
Bad news.
Your friendship's ruined.
It's already ruined.
But don't don't worry about it, because that's not on you.
That shit's not on you.
This shit's on him.
He made things weird.
He's the weird one.
He he is attacking your country.
You just got to defend yourself.
That's right.
That's right.
He's the aggressor.
Now straight up, though, cut out this hint bullshit.
And you just need to roll up and roll up a newspaper and smack him right on the tip of
his nose.
Precisely.
No, no joke.
Like you've got to be stern with him and be like, listen, if we're going to keep being
friends, you need to fucking cut this shit out because I'm yeah, the longer this goes
on, the less of a chance you have of salvaging the friendship.
You've got to just really straight up say, listen, I don't want this to be embarrassing
or weird, but it's not going to happen with you and me.
I just don't feel about you that way.
And I really like you.
And I want to keep hanging out with you and being friends.
And who knows, maybe for friends long enough, I'll come around and then just like let it
go at that.
You got it.
You got it.
Trust me.
I will get over it.
I mean, he will get it.
Happy birthday to not me.
It feels like everybody's birthday but Griffin's today, doesn't it?
It's weird.
That's how I feel every day.
You got, you got to give it to him straight.
Don't leave him any hope.
Like seriously, I know it seems cruel, but there's nothing cooler than what you're doing
right now.
I promise.
Because when you say these excuses, what he hears, what the guy's brain, what the male's
brain translates that into is, is nothing.
He doesn't translate at all.
He hears exactly what you're saying.
Yeah.
We don't take hints.
Oh, she doesn't have enough time.
Okay.
Great.
I will wait until she's more free.
She has more free time.
Hey, I have it.
I have a Yahoo answer.
Yeah.
It was sent in by jregal21, which is pretty cool.
God, it's a good one.
It's by Yahoo Answers user omgitzal.
Okay.
All right, and it's one of those answers that's not particularly, or the question itself rather
isn't particularly...
Is it maybe omgitzal?
It might be what it is.
Okay.
I don't want to do this anymore.
Thank you.
You're so much better at translating internet speak than I am.
But it's one of those great questions where the comedy doesn't so much come from the question
itself, rather it comes from the answers.
omgitzal asks, need help with my story title.
Hi, I'm writing a story about a young woman who has three children, and one day she gets
into a horrible accident and the three children die.
Her life changes forever from that moment on.
She ends up falling in love with a man whose brother was driving the car that killed her
kids.
Do you have any ideas for a title?
Thanks, smiley face.
So that's the question.
I would call it Yakety Sax.
Isn't that what Family Matters was about?
Yes.
Family Matters would be an appropriate title for this book.
What about Perfect Strangers?
Perfect Strangers?
Empty House?
All of these.
Indeed.
Three was enough, but now we're back down to zero.
Guys, fucking trust me, there's nothing we can say that's going to be funnier than the
questions that the real internet turned out.
Okay.
They answered your question.
Here's one from Nina, who replies, writing waves, parentheses, emotional waves.
Grace says, the painful reminder, or the reminder, because he reminds her about the kids and
the painful loss, sores my mind.
Fuck you.
It does not say that.
Didn't plagiarize that one.
That one came right from her dump piece.
Right from the noggin.
This is noggin cream that I made just for your problem here.
Sakura Shaughnessy has a bunch of really good ones.
Here we go.
Okay.
Loving the dead.
The day they died.
Okay.
Whispy memories.
Whispy memories.
I'm trying to solidify this memory in my head, but I can't.
It's just ephemeral.
It's right there.
It's wispy.
Coping with the pain.
Coping.
Coping.
Coping with the pain.
I like it.
It flows.
Coping with the pain?
Huh?
What?
Grieving Mom.
That's pretty straightforward, I guess.
Book.
Grief.
Book book.
Grief, tears, and love?
There is a question.
That's like, that's like, that's like, they're best friends, but one of them's a cat.
Linda.
She sits on her lap.
Diane asks, or replies, sorry, fatal crossing, maybe the children are killed crossing the
street or at a crosswalk or at a railroad crossing.
Bitch, don't try to rewrite this book before it's wrote.
This is coming from my heart.
Source my mind, trust me.
Trust on the fact that you're not going to help me in the edits.
This is a titling project only.
I am creative enough to come up with a whole book, but not a title for the book.
Percy Jackson 127, who is a top contributor to Yahoo, we haven't seen one of those in
a while, responds, taming soul, taking flight, burning memories, love with the murderer's
boy.
What?
Love with the murderer's boy.
This guy has a fundamental misunderstanding of what this story is about, not like we do,
he didn't get it.
Here's my title.
A book about a woman who falls in love with the dude that killed her kids.
Let me hit you guys with there can be only none.
We got to have a better title than these people.
I do like writing waves of emotion, emotional waves, emotional waves, source.
There's no source on that one, but I'm going to go ahead and assume it was also her mind.
No, that was her heart.
How about moving out?
Whoa, I like it.
Music man.
What about my hero?
Am I to believe that this story is that she falls in love with the brother of the guy
who accidentally killed her kids?
Yes.
This is not-
Sorry about my brother.
That's not a very good book, it doesn't sound like a very good, like a very interesting
story.
Like it seems like that conversation would kind of be like, isn't that, yeah, oh well.
What can you do?
Right?
Oh, that's a good title.
What can you do?
What can you do?
Oh well.
How about, how about just, uh oh, whoops, whoops.
My bad.
Also, Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I had college class that got on early.
I ended up asking the girl I have a crush on and who I usually talk to during class
out to grab something to eat.
I don't consider her a date, but I wanted to get a sense of where I stand with this
girl.
Overwhelmingly, I kept her laughing and entertained and she kept telling me how funny I was.
I consider myself a handsome gent and I have good manners and there was never any breaks
in conversation or awkward pauses.
My question for you, is keeping being the funny guy enough to give me a viable chance
with this girl?
Clearly, Pagliacci, the sad clown.
I like it.
I like that very much.
That's the dopest.
That is a really dope name.
College, huh?
That's my official, that's my official response to this question.
I'm really weighing this one out.
I'm trying to piece this together.
I think if I was a girl, the number one thing I would look for is to be continually surprised.
So maybe tomorrow you go in all business.
Is that the opposite of funny to you?
I would say like just depressed.
Like really sad.
Oh, you mean like, love me.
Not like that.
Not needy.
Don't do that.
Not needy.
Just like, just like look at her and be like, we're all just walking dead people.
Think about it.
Yeah.
And then like, look at your desk.
Like, and she'll be like, wow, you are multi-layered.
I would like to have some sex with you, please.
And then the next emotion, you could be like really envious of things.
That's an emotion.
I'm not sure.
I saw you talking to that guy in the coffee shop today.
I thought we were, we were exclusive.
It wouldn't even have to be about her.
It could be like, oh, guy's backpack is better than mine.
Want it.
The next day you could be listless.
I just, I think that you need to mix it up.
Go on Live Journal, right?
They have a big list of emotions there whenever you're like, oh, today I'm quixotic.
Today I'm highlandery.
God damn it.
Today I'm quickening.
Being funny, no.
Being funny is not enough.
It's not enough.
Yeah.
What, what do you have to be?
It's, well, it's one of those things where, you know, you always, when it, if you ask
any woman what's the number one thing they look for in a guy, the answer is always a
big penis.
Penis, penis width.
Penis, and penis, and penis width.
Penis diameter.
Yeah.
And there's actually a sliding scale of penis diameter versus sense of humor that I'll have
to show you guys sometime.
Let's just put it this way.
I'm very funny.
That's, that's your, that's your BMI, right?
That's, yeah, that's your BMI, that's what BMI is.
But the problem is with that is like, that is the first thing women look for, but not
the only thing.
It's true.
The first thing women look for, then every guy who writes in and says, I like my friend,
I want to ask her out, would totally be dating that friend.
Sure.
I think there's-
You have to have a sexual edge to the relationship.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to laugh when you just said sexual edge.
That's a powerful turn of phrase, Travis.
That's like a linguistic challenge you've put up there, I think.
That's actually the name of my erotic sword company.
Why did you even start that?
It's floundering, you know?
Did you hear about Travis' sword company?
It's not doing well.
It's all erotic.
They have a, they have a very nice selection of novelty, uh, of boner katanas, but other
than that.
It's, it's a good, I mean, like his business plan was good.
I don't know why the guys from Shark Tank invested so much in it.
Our clothing line, Horny Highlander, is really not working out.
I'm putting a blockade on any more Highlander references this episode.
Okay, sounds good.
I'm putting an embargo on them.
I think the, uh, being funny, I think it shows confidence, which may be more at the source
of the attraction.
It's, it's, and it makes the girl feel, um, safe, because if you're joking about that,
then, if you're joking about anything, then, you know, you're feeling confident and secure
in the situation.
I think you need to bring, there, there's a fine line between funny and goofy, and I
think once you get to goofy, you're in a weird place where you are just an entertaining thing.
You're not like, you're not showing stability or, pardon the phrase, sexual edge.
That's a great phrase.
Can you be goofy and have a sexual edge?
Can you be like a wacky, sexy clown?
It seems like Gowder's been doing okay for himself all these years.
It just, it depends on her.
Like, what is she looking for?
Like maybe she is looking for a sexy clown.
Hey guys, can I just suggest something here and just like lay it out there?
Maybe this will be revolutionary.
Maybe this will start a huge wave that will sweep across the nation.
Just be yourself.
How about that?
And if she doesn't like it, you are cool enough to listen to My Brother, My Brother, Me and
write in with the name Pagliacci the sad clown.
I think you're pretty cool.
So maybe she should just get, get on with it, get it, get down with it.
I don't mean like sexy.
I mean like get the hint that you are really dope.
You're a really dope guy.
Yeah, just have her listen to this episode of the podcast.
Have her listen to this right now if she doesn't believe how dope you are and, and you know,
I think it'll do a pretty good job of convincing her.
You might want to fast forward back to the part where we cut off a bunch of people's
heads.
Yeah.
And also the parts about fucking raccoons, the part about fucking grandpas.
Sexy grandpas.
Sexy grandpas.
That part.
Pooping.
We talked about pooping with a cat in your lap.
There's-
Don't, not this shit.
Don't play our podcast for her.
I want to-
Not necessarily this one.
Well, any of them.
I just want to rejigger that advice real quick or recalibrate.
Griffin, I'm a professional songwriter.
I don't know if you know, but professional songwriter.
I mean, I play off in empty clubs with my band for free.
I've been having a hard time writing songs lately.
Can you give me ideas for things to write about?
Yours truly, Musically Constipated.
There seems like one right there.
I really, I wish I could, but I've, I can't write songs.
Like I love playing guitar and I love listening to songs.
I've never, I actually, I wrote one song in college, but I swear there's nothing you guys
can say that would make me talk about it on the show.
Don't even like, not joking.
Don't even try to make me talk about it on the show because it was, it was the worst
thing ever.
And it was for a girl.
Uh, it may have had references to Superman and that's all we're going to go into about
it.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Just give us a few chords.
I can't.
Justin, but Justin, I think that you are a more prolific songwriter than I am.
Yeah.
I, I think you got to write about, here's, here's what you do.
You take the, you take out your songwriter's microscope.
If you pull it out all the way back and you look at everything, then it's more of like
a magnifying glass or a telescope.
And you see real, real general things like, like love and the sun, but everybody's written
about those things.
So what you got to do is you got to take that off that microscope and just get really deep
and find the things in your life that you think that no one else does.
And I bet that you're going to find some honest stuff there.
Things that you don't think happened to everybody, just to you.
And those are the things that when people hear them, they really relate to them jerking
off to space jam.
I wasn't going to say that, but yeah, I mean, for example, can I, can I counterpoint that?
Is it possible that maybe all the songs have been written?
I think that's totally possible.
Every idea has been thought.
Every song has been written.
There's no more room for any more music in the world.
You got to find a song that you like and then write the opposite song of it.
Right.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Like take a song like, let me think.
Good Sunsetting.
How about that?
Good Sunsetting and write Bad Moonrise.
Son of a bitch.
What's up?
Who then now?
I think that, I think that the greatest thing you can do musically is not write a song and
then tell people that say, I'm a songwriter, but I'm making a powerful statement by not
writing any new music.
This is my song, Four Minutes of Silence.
Why don't you go the Sigur Ros route and, and write songs in a gibberish language?
I mean, there's, it's still challenging.
You have to write pretty chords.
Is that what you're asking?
Maybe he's not asking about lyrics.
Maybe he's asking, asking about chord progressions.
And if that's the case, E, E diminished, F sharp minor, F sharp minor diminished.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
It's a recipe for success.
You know, you could set yourself up a project.
John Linnell has a project called State Songs where he just goes to the states and writes
songs about each of them.
You could set yourself up something like that, like do the periodic table of elements or
something.
Oh, I like that idea.
Wouldn't that be good?
I would listen to that album.
How about the food pyramid?
That's a, that's a, that's like a, that's a six song EP.
You have your song about wheats and grains.
The organs of the body.
Ooh, I like that.
What about an EP about the different levels of terror alert that we could be in?
I like that.
What about the different levels of hell?
That's not bad either.
See, it sets you up a structure like that.
I think you're going to do real well.
I wouldn't read this Yahoo answer.
It was sent in by Louis Dog, who has sent in a few things before.
Thank you, Louis Dog.
Uh, it's by Yahoo Answers user Michael Jean, who asks, should I tell my wife that I want
to join a nude men's yoga group?
I have been interested in learning about the benefits of practicing nude yoga.
I have been practicing it at home in the nude for a year now.
Online I have read about nude yoga groups practicing in a heated room and I would like
to do it.
These groups are generally filled with men.
I'm not sure I should give my wife all of the details of what I want to do.
I'm not gay, but I like the idea of being nude with other men.
I don't know.
I'm not so sure you know what gay means.
Maybe that is a bigger, it's not.
Maybe we need to define some terms here.
Yeah.
Do you like being nude with a bunch of other dudes?
Is it fucked up that like I totally don't, I wouldn't have seen this as like a gay thing
at all if the room wasn't heated?
You know what I feel bad for?
Who's that?
I feel bad for the one dude in the group that rolled up like nude yoga, yeah I want to check
out those girls bending around.
Oh no.
He rolls up and it's just a room full of dudes, but he's already committed.
He can't leave.
I mean, I am, I am, can you read to me the part where he says it's, these classes are
usually what?
These groups are generally filled with men.
Filled with men.
There's not like five or six, it turns into a big game of Twister.
You are, listen, I don't care, gay, straight, bisexual, trans, you are going to see.
If the room is literally filled with men, this heated ass room filled with men.
It doesn't matter if you're not, if you're not gay, like first sunrise salutation that
you do, you're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
It's like a furry quilt made of stinky pretzels, just a nightmare.
It would just be the worst.
I am, I, I have a couple of gay friends that I'm pretty sure would describe that as the
gayest.
The gayest.
Like, and that's cool.
Like just like accept that.
Just accept it that you were the first down downwards facing dog.
You're going to get it.
That's not, no, no, no.
He's going to be downward facing balls.
I'm a, I'm a straight guy.
I don't say, God, I wish it was just a big swimming pool filled with vaginas that I could
jump into.
Like that's the, that's what you're equating it to.
Right.
It's not really gay and like, it's not gay or straight, it's not a gay or straight issue.
It's the fact that it's just gross, like it's gross.
It's not like gay.
Like I'm attracted to other guys, which means that I want to stretch it around with them
and have them, some guy spraying his butt cheeks in front of me.
Like I don't, let's, let's, let's redefine terms here.
Instead of calling it a nude yoga class, let's say you're walking down a hallway and you
turn to your friend and say, hey, Bill, do you want to go into that heated room filled
with naked guys?
It's heated.
It's so hot in here.
I am sweating so much.
I would say glistening.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You're a very gay man.
He was comfortable with that.
I'm uncomfortable with the fact that I'm so very gay.
This is weird because it's like the, it's like a scorched earth policy to being gay.
Like you can't have sex with guys because you're married, so you do something gayer
than have sex with men.
It's like, we found it.
We just broke the world.
Eureka!
Now, now, if you did yoga in a heated room with a bunch of people dressed up like animals,
how does that rate on the scale that we've created?
It rates on the scale of, why did Justin go to jail?
Did you hear he burned that building down?
He burned a building full of other people in it to the ground, but I heard they're furries,
so it's okay.
Okay.
I do want to hear Griffin's last question.
I don't know how he's going to top that last, Jim, but we got a couple of quick housekeeping
things.
The site mbmbam.com is live and new.
If you like new sites, check out annafurlaxis.com, she's a friend of the show.
She's a burlesque knife thrower, she just relaunched her site.
We are going to have new gear.
It's fresh, by the way.
I checked it out.
It's fresh.
Yeah.
It's awesome.
New gear is going to be up.
Gear.
No, I like it.
Okay.
New gear.
New mbmbam gear is going to be up.
New equipment.
Probably the next week or so.
Got the coffee mug.
Got a girl's shirt.
Got a pack your bags and move away shirt.
Not a girl size shirt.
We just, we got a girl's shirt.
Yeah.
We got it.
We're auctioning it off to the highest loanless bidder.
Smells so great.
Wow.
Still smells like girl.
Smells like a girl.
We vacuum sealed it.
So do that.
Get on those forums.
There's great discussions going on there.
Really is.
I'm seeing a lot of people talking about like books that they like and music that they like
and other podcasts that they listen to.
Like it's a community.
It's a real community.
It is a community.
It's such a specific thread.
I'm going to have, you know what, I'll just tell Craig now.
We need a thread for people to introduce themselves.
We're making.
No, that exists.
It's stickied.
What's up?
It's stickied.
Is it?
What's up?
God.
I don't know if that was Craig or not, but good on you, Craig.
And I know we've got some new designs coming up.
Actually I just got them in the mail.
They look dope.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm going to have to show them off.
Yeah.
And then, you know, just, oh, Twitter.
You can tweet about us.
Use the hashtag NBNBAM.com.
Just use hashtag NBNBAM.
Oh, I was just going to say we started something on Twitter in the middle of this week that
if you go on iTunes and review and rate the show, I'll give you a personalized compliment
and I'm enjoying it way more than you are.
So do it.
Cause I like complimenting people.
So basically you review the show, either the show or the experience, and then you tweet
about it.
Make sure you use either the NBNBAM hashtag or at Travis.
Don't just at Travis cause we want everybody to see that you're your dedication.
But Travis will give you a personalized compliment just for you.
And tell a friend, tell a friend to give them Bern OCD with a couple of shows on it.
Cause you know what?
Next week is our 30th episode and I think that the best way that we could celebrate
is by reaching out to a whole new generation of listeners.
If you listen to the first 29 apps, you are officially on the ground floor.
I know we keep pushing that bar back, but you, if you're listening to this now, congratulations,
you're on the ground floor.
It's time to evangelize.
Awesome.
Okay guys, well Griffin hit me with that last big question.
Sure.
This one was sent in by Jonathan Bartram, who's got a two show streak going.
It's by Yahoo!
user Arianna, who asks, poll, should I get high today?
This is Justin McElroy, I'm voting yes.
This is Travis McElroy, I'm voting yes.
I'm Griffin McElroy, I'm gonna say no.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, Mr. Dianis, going to wear on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart, hey, keep your heart, three stacks, keep your
heart.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
The best answer on that last question, it was by Yahoo!
answers user Geeks or Freaks, who responded, if you do, this might happen, with a link
to Afro Man's Because I Got High music video, and then she adds, lol, listen to the lyrics.
The cautionary tale that is Afro Man's Because I Got High.
Hey, don't just, don't just absentmindedly play this in the background, you gots to listen
to those lyrics.
You just got to listen to them.
