The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middlest brother, Travis, the middlest brother of McElroy.
And I'm Griffin McElroy. Thanks for listening, folks.
I want to join his- Hey, shut up. I want to talk about my thing.
So fast. So furious.
Really quick. Guys, it's going to blow your mind,
and you're talking about other bullshit instead of the very important thing.
Welcoming our guests to our house. I don't care about them.
Me and Justin have some fucking party snacks. We got some Ritz Crackers,
different savory delights on them, and you just ran in and flying bicycle kicks.
Big bucket of Kool-Aid on them. That's because you guys are living
in the past, and once I tell you what I'm going to tell you about,
you won't remember what it's like before. And it is this.
My friends just announced, big announcement, on the upcoming-
I already hear you laughing. I'm wondering if this is even true.
I'm wondering if you're even excited about what you're saying.
On the, in the upcoming premiere of The Last Man Standing,
the Tim Allen sitcom, there will be a special guest
in which Tim the Toolman Taylor will meet Tim Allen's character in Last Man Standing.
Wait, what? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
How does the mind boggles? How does he-
First of all, how are they going to film that? Fucking impossible.
You can't. There's no way. Tell me everything.
So, Tim the Toolman Taylor will meet Last Man Standing's Mike Baxter
in the Fox comedy Last Man Standing. I know absolutely nothing about it.
This is just, this is recent news. The episode hasn't aired yet,
so we can only speculate at the implications. Yeah.
And let me also just say, I've watched a lot of TV before.
We made, of course, a hit award-winning television show
called My Brother, My Brother, Me. I didn't know you could just fucking do that.
Yeah. I didn't know you could be like,
enjoy this new episode of Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip,
where Chandler Bing shows up and hangs out with Matthew Perry.
That would have saved the show. It might have saved it.
Right now, Matthew Perry is listening to this episode and going,
God damn it, why didn't we do that? That would have been real cool.
I think I speak for all of America when I say,
I think I speak for all of America when I say, can they touch?
There's a screenshot, Griffin, accompanying the thing I saw,
where they're shaking hands. No, well, that's the problem.
Is that if they do touch, I feel like they should,
I mean, any number of sort of cataclysmic things.
Oh, wait, sorry. Okay, now we're fucking cooking.
I thought that's what you were getting at here.
If they could touch- Turn down the lights.
I just want a sweet, tender, romantic love scene
between Tim Allen and Tim Allen. Oh, we all want that.
But why stop there? Because Tim Allen circa Santa Claus
could be up in there too. Oh, yeah.
It's a big Tim Allen. Three-way menage a Tim.
That's pure Michigan, baby. And maybe get buzzed up in there.
You didn't stop to listen to me saying that's pure Michigan, baby,
and I'm going to need you to just take a second, okay?
Okay, so let me do it again. That's pure Michigan, baby.
If we can just get buzzed sort of doing commentary,
like, yes, you're stroking his butt.
You're about to, you're putting your wiener near his butt
and beyond. You guys are going to sinfinity and beyond.
That's better. It's pretty good.
Cool, man. Cool. I'll watch that.
No, sorry, Griffin. Tool, man.
Tool, man. Guess what? I'll fucking watch that.
I won't like it. I won't enjoy supporting Mr. Allen's art.
But damn it, he got me in his trap again.
You know what the first thing I thought of when I saw it, Griffin?
Can I say something real quick before we move off the sex thing?
I just want to say that it's not fair that home,
like in Home Improvement, doesn't rhyme with cum,
even though they're spelled the same way,
because I think there'll be a really good thing there.
Yeah, there's something there.
A really good thing.
Maybe the thing would just be cum improvement.
Yeah, but that doesn't, you know what I mean?
I could have said that without any sort of setup
and it wouldn't have really landed.
Home Improvement doesn't, you know what I mean?
So here's the thing, Griffin, when I saw that announcement,
you mentioned- I don't think so, Tim.
Oh, shit.
When I saw that announcement, I knew what we need.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
More power.
It just brings out the biggest fucking symbion
you've ever seen in your entire life.
All right.
So Travis, you've been trying to save for the past four minutes.
And Wilson peeks over and goes, I'm going to finish.
I'm climaxing, neighbor.
When you see an announcement like this, Griffin,
you mentioned not liking Mr. Allen's art.
And all I can think is, it must be that a lot of people don't,
because this isn't the move you make
when your show is doing super good and successful, right?
I am actually pretty sure, Travis,
that Last Man Standing has been canceled,
which it means that they're just kind of going for it.
This is the end.
This is season nine.
How do we let this kind of thing happen?
You know what I mean?
How do we let this sort of thing happen?
Because the show was canceled in 2017.
I thought I was having a weird Bear and St. Bear's thing
where I was like, wait.
We pointed our ire with a far too focused a lens
right toward Young Sheldon, and he deserved it.
But also at the same time, Tim was over there
doing something sneaky in the fucking corner, wasn't he?
Bringing it back without us looking.
What a stinker.
Wait, is Young Sheldon,
the actor who plays Young Sheldon,
also like a right wing asshole?
We're just watching Young Sheldon
waiting for him to make a mistake.
Yeah, because once we do,
Bazinga.
Is there an episode of Young Sheldon
where he finds Bazinga?
Each season he gets one,
in season one it was Baz,
and I hear in season two they're working towards Ing.
Mm-hmm, okay.
So this has been a good intro.
When you mentioned breaking news,
I did think you were gonna talk about
the actual breaking news that just got announced
that they're doing breakdancing at the 2024 Olympics.
Wow, holy shit.
How hard am I legally allowed to watch the Olympics?
How hard am I allowed to watch that happen
and them do that?
Are you fucking kidding me?
They're in pay per view,
but I feel like this is maybe the moment.
I enjoy amateur's breakdancing.
I can't imagine how much I will enjoy
Olympic level professionals.
So I've got, what, probably three and a half years.
Do you think I can get there?
Three and a half years.
Do you think I can get there?
I think you can, Griffin,
but I think it will be like, spoiler alert,
the wrestler where you'll do it and then die.
Wow, man, the spoilers don't come much worse than that,
do they?
Well, here's the thing, Justin.
I've never seen the wrestler.
I just know what happened
because other people have spoiled it for me.
They should call it the Dyer.
Yeah, they should call it the wrestler
and then he dies on it.
But man, wouldn't that be worth it?
Actually, the actual title is wrestler,
parentheses, rip, in parentheses.
And they would lower the fucking,
well, let's be honest, I would be lucky to place,
but so let's say bronze medal just onto my dead-ass body,
slumped over the pedestal.
And you would still be all twisted up
from your last super cool move that you did?
Oh, I would definitely die a fucking
Auntie Anne's pretzel man, for sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, this is also an advice show, against all odds,
this is also an advice show,
and I'm ready to help people if you guys are,
unless you have any more great Tim Allen sex.
What do you think Tim Allen breakdancing
at the Olympics looks like?
I think it would go a little something like this.
This is gonna get too esoteric.
Maybe.
They're gonna have breakdance at the Olympics,
which means that they're gonna have to get judges
who are like experts in breakdancing,
but aren't at like a competitive level anymore.
And I bet that's gonna be hard to admit to yourself
because this is a new event
and you never got your moment right.
Right, okay, I'm buying a fog machine for my band
when shows happen again.
This is the fucking perfect, supply and demand wise,
I bet fog machines you could get for a song.
Oh, absolutely.
This is a buyer's market for fog machines, 100%.
Why stop there?
Get a disco ball, get one of those things
that's like got all the different lasers inside of it
and kind of spins around.
That's what they're called.
They need a name for those.
They gotta get a name for them though.
So I'm buying a fog machine for when shows happen again.
I'm excited, but whenever I see a band
that has a fog machine, it's always super lame
when the band turns on the fog machine
and it slowly covers the stage.
How do I distract people before the show
when we are dispensing fog?
PS, we are a shoegaze band.
That's from Hazy and Haze.
Thank you, by the way.
These are the details we need, folks.
Yes, yes.
Even if they don't make it into the podcast,
we need this information.
If only we knew what shoegaze was.
Shoegaze, that is the one stumbling block.
Maybe a sort of a sample,
because you know what we're about to do
is draw parallels to somebody we think is shoegaze
and then get mocked mercilessly on,
I was about to say Twitter,
but it'll probably happen on TikTok.
Maybe it's Shoegaze.
Shoegaze.
A Shoegaze band.
I'll tell you what's bad, you guys.
I looked it up after I read this question
and I have since forgotten.
My Bloody Valentine's a big one.
That's the one that keeps coming up.
Is it like when a band has really good shoes
and you can't stop looking at them?
No, I don't think that's probably it.
I think it's just kind of mopey, huh?
Mopey tones, mopey tones.
Mopey tones.
Okay, so your band, the mopey tones.
It's Shoegaze Mopey Tones.
This is my friend, Shoegaze Mopey Tones.
This is why SNL has new casts.
You know what I mean?
Because then you bring in somebody.
I bet Melissa Villasenor knows what shoegaze is.
Yeah, we need some younger McElroy's.
Let's get Charlie in here.
I am working on it.
That's a weird way to put that, Krimit.
Weird way to put that.
I put a baby up in my wife.
What more could I do?
Come on, come on.
Now here's, maybe this is what an opener is for.
You have an opening act.
Oh yeah, make the opener come out to your fucking fog machines.
Weak, impotent, sputtering.
That is such a rough way to do them though, isn't it?
Yeah.
I've worked in theater enough that a little bit of fog
until it warms up, I guess.
No one knows how they work.
How long can you leave a fog machine on?
Can you just have the fog machine going
before the venue even opens?
Well, then you're using up the juice, Krimit.
Yeah, that juice is expensive.
You do not want a roadie rushing out mid-show
to swap the juice.
Yeah, absolutely.
Fucking embarrassing.
You don't want to swap the juice.
Can you put a garbage bag up on the exhaust tip
of the fog machine until that fills with fog
and then you can just take it on stage
and pop it or tear it open to get a bunch of fog all at once.
Just like all at once.
Oh yeah, like that.
That's cool.
Cool, the problem is I know you don't want people
to notice the fog machine and I do understand that,
but they also have to notice a little bit
or they're gonna assume there's a fire, right?
If there's just all of a sudden a bunch of smoke,
you're gonna think, well, there's smoke, there's fire.
You're gonna think that, you know what I mean?
You know what, boys?
I'm going down a trip down memory lane
that it's one of the many, many things from my youth
that I really haven't relitigated since then
because if I would have,
I would have realized how extremely busted it was.
We did the Easter pageant every year
and at that great scene where Jesus kicks open the tomb
and is like, what's up, I'm back,
we had a fog machine for that.
And as far as I can remember,
they only use this one bottle of fog machine juice
for every show and it smelled so strongly
of what its smell was, which was piña colada,
which seems at our Southern Baptist Church.
Here he comes, Christ is King, the redeemer.
He is back and better than ever, baby.
And also some tropical themes happening in your nose.
Celebrate Christ's birth on the beach.
I'm just saying maybe this is why I enjoy piña colada so much
is because I sort of think about them in the same way
I think about the resurrection of Christ.
I drink one of those cold fruity babies on a beach
and I just think about when I rolled that stone away.
Sometimes those can bring me back to life.
This is a fun experience
because what the listeners don't know
is I dropped out for like 30 seconds
because of computer issues and just rejoined
and I have no fucking clue how we got.
The last thing I heard was like pop a big bag full of stuff
to piña coladas, make me think about Jesus.
My brain does that for me sometimes while we're recording
and that's actually pretty nice.
It can be fun, kind of a fun jumping off point.
Do you want a Yahoo, fellas?
I'd love that, Griffin, thank you.
This one's sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham.
It's Yahoo Answers user Gary the human being who asks.
Wait, how much fog can you get in your mouth at one time?
You talking about ripping mad cotton?
Just like all at once the show starts
and everybody's just like.
I guess it depends on if you want to live
with cool lungs after that
because probably the answer would be zero.
It's just juice, Griffin.
It's just juice.
Pretty sure it's toxic.
Okay, so Gary the human being asks,
as long as you never give up, you can't fail?
And then in the additional details,
still time on the clock?
I thought that this is one of the more powerful,
motivational sort of, I guess not speech,
but tagline that if you don't stop trying,
you can't fail.
Fail.
But that's just wildly untrue.
Okay, let's see, let's see.
Okay, Griffin, I'm a boxer, right?
And I've just been knocked out.
Yeah.
They ring the bell and then I stand up and say,
let's keep going.
Yeah.
I'm not done.
I'm not done, I've lost.
You lost, but did you fail?
Yeah, I failed to win.
Yeah, but you don't give up boxing, do you?
I turn in my test in math class.
Yeah.
I've gotten all the answers wrong,
but I just keep writing more numbers.
Yeah, but if you keep working in math,
you didn't fail, did you?
But I failed the test.
You did fail that big test.
You did fail the test, but here's the thing,
you didn't give up, because you keep trying.
You can keep asking, are you sure I failed the test?
And then you could be like, can you check again?
And then you could be like, this is illegal.
The test is illegal.
I don't gotta go to court to prove it.
And then you could lose currently 47 of those court battles.
And then, but you haven't failed.
You didn't fail yet.
You're just still trying.
Is there a yet missing from this sentence?
You haven't failed yet.
Yeah, you haven't failed completely.
I think that you've mostly failed.
There is still one degree to which you have not failed.
I think that the world needs to recalibrate a little bit, frankly.
I've been thinking about this a lot,
where we've got this whole chip on our shoulders
when it comes to like, well, you didn't give up.
You didn't fail.
And like, you know, if you failed a plan, you plan for it.
Sometimes the most respect I have for someone
is when they realize they're not good at something
and stop doing it.
And they say, maybe I'm gonna try something I am good at.
And they find that thing.
And this comes from someone who was really bad
at wrestling in middle school.
And dad convinced me not to quit the team by saying, quote,
McElroy's don't quit, which is wildly untrue.
Did he say, if you don't quit, you don't fail,
there's still time on the clock?
I think what he said is, if you don't fail,
then you haven't failed.
And if you quit, then I won't have any children
who even pretend to do sports.
Oh God, oh God, please don't quit.
Yeah.
And so what I'm saying is, maybe what we should do
is encourage people to give up more.
This is-
Like, hey, you don't like that thing.
That thing doesn't make you happy.
Stop doing it.
But this is the opposite of this power.
I came here with this powerful Yahoo.
And I was trying to inspire a generation.
But it didn't work.
It didn't work.
I can't remember what the genera-
Z's?
I can't remember what the-
No, we're back around.
We're at AAs now.
I don't think that's accurate.
I think that's true.
These zenies, they don't know how to fail.
We will teach-
Or they know how to fail too comfortably, Griffin.
But they don't give up.
And it's time on the clock.
Maybe they should.
Okay, maybe they should.
Or maybe they shouldn't.
This is what I'm saying is, we're so worried
about debt forgiveness.
What about debt permission?
Okay.
You know, like when someone says,
hey, you owe me a lot of money for your student loans,
you just go, no.
No, forgive me.
How about that?
And they're like, please give me that money.
And you're like, no.
I don't think so.
Actually-
Tough.
I just wonder if-
I don't know.
Can you just say out loud, I forgive you for all your debts?
You want me to say, I forgive you for all your debts?
You said it.
I tricked you, Mr. Mix's Piddlic.
You said your own name.
Now I don't have any more students' debts.
What you can also do, you can trick someone
into your debt cave, and then it's their debt,
and you're free.
Yeah.
I tried this in college, and what I experienced,
and sort of after college with credit card debt,
what I experienced was a series of men
with progressively lower voices calling me
about the money that they would very much enjoy.
Until you-
No, that's fair.
I did have to fill out a series of more and more complicated
paperwork explaining to people how I didn't have money
to give them, and it wasn't just that I didn't want
to give them that money.
It's that I physically did not have it,
and any amount of money they asked me for,
I wouldn't be able to give them.
One time I filled out a piece of paper that explained
where all of my monthly income went,
and I fudged it to not show being in debt,
and made it seem like at the end of the month
I had $5 surplus, and they wrote back and told me
that I owed them $275 a month,
and I then contacted them and said,
hey, this seems like a bad system.
You've seen the numbers.
I showed you.
We crunched them together.
I showed you the math.
I was very detailed, and I said, I even,
I'm going to be honest, lied to make it seem
like I had more money than I did,
and they said, oh, no, no, no.
You don't need to do that.
Just show the negative.
We expect there to be a negative, and I said, okay,
so then I did the actual math,
and they lowered my expected payment to $150 a month.
Okay, so now that they know you have negative money,
now they want a sensible 150.
Yes, so what I'm saying is,
maybe everybody should stop paying people money.
Okay.
We're all just going to stop.
Yeah.
But if we can't-
They can't collect on all of us at once.
But here's the problem.
Here's the problem, and this is maybe,
God, I'm thinking about it, I definitely just inspired
a generation with this thing from Yahoo,
but to use your example, the debt collectors heard it.
And the debt collectors heard,
as long as you never give up, you can't fail.
And they're like, I can't fail to get Travis's negative $200.
Because if I do-
Oh, they can try.
If I give up, then I failed at it.
There's still time on the clock.
They're still trying too.
Well, okay, then I know how to fix that.
Debt collectors, if you're listening,
and I assume you are,
you can still collect debt from each other.
Okay, yeah.
You can go live in a little debt collector society
where every debt is just passed from one to another
and no actual money is ever exchanged.
Hey, let's try something else too, okay?
Okay, yeah.
Everyone listening to this,
everybody currently under the power of my voice,
I forgive your debt.
Wow, you-
You, listen, you did nothing wrong.
You needed the money.
You got it.
Then you didn't have it to give it back to them.
I forgive you.
Do you forget the debt?
Oh, man.
Yeah.
No.
I'll never, I'll never.
I forgive your debt.
Go fly free.
But I'm watching.
I'll be watching.
Would you guys like another question?
Please.
Okay.
Since COVID, my mom has been-
Why COVID?
What?
Oh, it's a disease.
Oh, my mom has been spending lots of time
writing within the paranormal romance genre.
Spooky sex, as some prefer.
Unbeknownst to her,
I have been doing precisely the same thing,
except instead of a trilogy of original YA novels,
I've been working on a well-received anthology series of fan fiction.
When she describes her plots to me,
I often find plenty of interesting parallels
between my stories and hers.
I want to discuss them,
but I know she assumes all fan fiction
is inherently poorly written and or pornographic.
How can I talk to her about our respective sets
of ghost whispering lovebirds
without admitting to such a taboo hobby?
That's from Sexy Seance in Central Florida.
So you are worried that your mother,
who is also writing paranormal sex stories-
It's OC.
She's writing ghost sex stories.
She's going to look down on your fucking
My Hero Academia slash pick.
Come on, damn.
Their mom is working with OC's,
original characters, original content.
Well, but nothing's original anymore, Griffin.
Shakespeare did it all, you know what I mean?
Thank you.
So Shakespeare had all kinds of ghost sex up in there.
You know what I mean?
So like, it ain't new.
That's fine.
I'll never forget that one scene
where it's Laertes slash old Hamlet.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I guess so, but if you got one where it's like,
here's fucking, here's the Grinch,
and he's going to do it,
you can't be like, is there anything new anymore?
Have you been reading mine, Griffin?
That's mine.
I've been reading-
My Grinch, Grinch slash Grinch,
when it's the Grinch from the animated one
has sex with Jim Carrey's The Grinch.
Fantastic stuff.
And also the tool man's there.
Fantastic stuff.
He's got to be there.
He's become like the observer.
Yes, indeed.
He's always there.
God, this is, can I say something?
This is kind of cute.
It's kind of cute.
Yeah, it's kind of cute.
Like, it's going to be good.
And it's going to be like a good commercial for,
I don't know, the paper that it's-
McDonald's?
McDonald's, where you guys show each other your fictions
and you both go, ah, the best part of wake-
I don't know why coffee is there.
Your friend coffee is there.
We can get anything in there.
This would make a plot for a movie
and you can call it Freaky Friday.
Yeah, now we would have to do a lot of press, Trav,
for that one to just sort of get it out there
to get our messaging out there
that you have to say freaky
in a way that lets people know it's not that freaky.
You can do that with font, Griffin.
Describe that.
Is it just italics?
Well, there is some slant to it, yes.
Okay.
But there is also, clearly it's emphasized
and maybe a little sexual.
Just share-
The letters themselves are some lilfs.
Jeez, man.
Some nice squishy holes in the G.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Listen.
Now we got to go through the alphabet
picking out the letters you can have sex with.
We're just, you know,
you're, God, you wanna do something disgusting?
We've done that with numbers.
This is vulgar.
I don't enjoy this.
We have, you're remembering.
We can't, yeah, listen,
all the different Arabic characters
are just really horny.
You know, every genre and sub-genre
and type of new media is looked down upon
by its forebearers
until something comes along that is irrefutable.
And maybe your slash fiction is that.
At first the world looked down its nose at,
you know, the novel
and then here comes fucking Pilgrim's Progress
or something, you know what I mean?
Like an old novel or something
that's like these are legit.
Very sexy book, Pilgrim's Progress.
Let your mom see your stories.
I think, honestly,
I know that even if they look down,
your mom looks down at that kind of work a little bit,
I think if you are the one doing it,
their precious child,
I think that they're gonna be supportive of you
and they're gonna turn it around.
And if you wait too long
and the stories are too similar,
your mom is gonna start feeling
like maybe you're being a little sus
when she finds out later,
oh, what's that?
You've been cribbing.
I had the two-date ghost
and you put that in your story too.
And she's not gonna believe that it's a holy,
you know, it's just an invention
of your third eye.
Yeah, a poke hergeist?
I'm thinking about it.
Why you give back seconds upon it?
Sexorcist is fucking great, Trav.
Congratulations.
Oh, there's a medal.
Oh, it's floating down from the ceiling.
Yeah, it's being handed to you by Jad Appenbron.
It's bringing you this medal.
I did it.
I won podcasting.
You did it.
Oh, there's a ghost of fucking-
Oh, and here's Roman Morris
with a bouquet of flowers.
That's so nice.
And Joe Rogan's at his house, I guess.
I don't know what he's doing right now.
Well, he's the one I beat.
Let's take a break
and go to the Money Zone very quickly.
Listen, real quick.
I don't have a lot of time.
Are you paying attention?
They're coming.
We need to hurry.
This holiday season,
more people will be mailing stuff than ever before.
That means the post office is gonna be busy, okay?
Stamps.com brings the post office
and now UPS shipping right to your computer.
Are you listening, sheeple?
Simply use your computer
to print official US postage 24-7
for any letter, any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you wanna send.
Wake up.
Once your mail is ready,
just schedule a pickup or drop it off.
It's that simple.
And with Stamps.com, you get five cents
off every first-class stamp
and up to 40% of priority mail
and up to 62% of UPS shipping rates.
Don't spend a minute of your holiday season
at the post office this year.
Sign up for Stamps.com instead.
There is no risk.
With my promo code, My Brother,
you get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial
plus free posting at a digital scale.
No long-term commitments or contracts.
Listen to me.
Just go to Stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in My Brother.
That's Stamps.com, My Brother.
Stamps.com, never go to the post office again.
Ah, they got me!
I wish we could, I wish.
You know, those conspiracy podcasts
are obviously detrimental to the fabric of society,
but man, I bet it'd be fun.
I bet that's a fun set to work on.
Yeah, it'd be a fun space, fun space to play in.
Speaking of space, Squarespace.
I'm not gonna do both of them.
Yeah, let me try it
and I'll try to do what Travis did,
like his character, like conspiracy guy.
Okay, do it, do it, do it.
Oh man, the internet.
The internet, everybody's watching you on it
and tracking your every move.
Vaccines, man.
Wait, were you drinking vaccines?
Yeah.
That's what I got.
Yeah, it kind of sounded like you were just slaking
your thirst with some frosted vaccines.
I was trying to make like a bong noise,
but then I do like better.
Yeah, so you don't need government vaccines
because of the stuff in them,
but my vaccines are good.
You drink them and I mix them in with some Danimals.
You're gonna go nuts for it
and I'm selling these on my website
I made with Squarespace
because Squarespace lets you make a beautiful website
and it's easy and you can showcase your work
or sell products like vaccine-infused Danimals
or services of all kinds.
You can promote your physical or online business
and they give you a bunch of-
Now, Griffin, just one quick note, if I may.
Your conspiracy theorist character
is kind of drifting into a very pleasant
Squarespace spokesperson.
I'm enjoying my time with him.
Oh, okay, I'll try and take it back. Beautiful, customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
Whose world?
Who's Griffin's world?
Not my, maybe my world.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box
if you're silly enough to still have a phone
with a screen on it where they track you and pictures.
And it's got free and secure hosting.
I don't know if they do dark web stuff,
but I think I like that maybe.
And there's nothing to patch or upgrade, ever.
And go to Squ-
Never?
Never, you don't.
It's like a good machete.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
When you're ready to launch, use the offer code mybrother
to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Now, I wanna do an ad.
Okay, what are you doing an ad for?
We don't have any more.
I wanna do one too with this guy.
Okay, what are you gonna talk about?
Everybody's having such a good time.
But you need to talk about a product though.
Well, okay.
Are you guys giving to charity?
You're becoming like Doc Brown.
That's good.
Everybody support your local bookstores.
Buy local produce.
Farm to table, Marty.
Well, hello, I'm Renee Colvert.
Hi, I'm Alexis Preston.
And we are the host of Can I Pet Your Dog?
And we got breaking news.
We got an expose that all the beans have been spilled
via an Apple podcast review that said
this show isn't well researched.
Well, yeah, no duh.
Of course, it's not.
Not since the day we started has it been well researched.
Guessing?
Guessing?
Not since the day we started has it been well researched.
Guessing and anthropomorphizing dogs is what we do.
The Can I Pet Your Dog promise is that we will never do more
than 10 seconds of research before telling you
excitedly about any dog we see.
I'm gonna come at you with top 10 enthusiasm, minimal facts.
We're here for a good time, not an educated time.
So if you love dogs and you don't love research,
well, you know what?
Come on in to Can I Pet Your Dog podcast
every Tuesday on Maximum Fun Network.
Can I Pet Your Dog?
I would like to do the Munch Squad bit though.
Okay.
I want a Munch Squad.
I want to Munch Squad.
Do you guys know what?
Do you guys know what the Munch Squad is about this week?
Yes.
Okay.
Travis, do you?
Yes.
Yes.
No, I don't want to guess.
I just want to know if you know.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, let's just enjoy this together then.
This is just going to take a minute and 12 seconds,
but I think it is well earned.
Could I have silence from my brothers, please?
Here we go.
What the hell are you doing?
A lifetime original mini movie.
You don't answer my proposal and now you're not answering my call.
I think I'm falling for the new chef.
Jessica is falling for Harlan.
The cook?
Leave Jessica alone and skip town.
He has a secret recipe that's going to change the world.
Harlan claims to have some secret recipe.
A secret recipe?
Please spare me.
We all have our secrets.
If you marry my daughter,
I promise there'll be more long weekends in your future.
Mom, I have to tell you something.
We have a problem.
Secrets out, chicken man.
I'll take care of this.
You're ruining everything!
Just kill him already!
Who the hell are you?
Harlan Sanders, the new chef.
Mario Lopez is Colonel Sanders in a recipe for seduction.
Premieres December 13th at noon only on Lifetime.
Presented by Kentucky Fried Chicken.
But like, what if it's good though?
What if it's like really, really like Oscar contender good?
Sexual, you know what I mean?
I don't think we can jump right to the what if it's good take, Griffin.
There's so many other things I think we need to get out of the way first.
The one that I want to touch on is there at the end
when they felt it necessary to clarify that it was sponsored by Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Yes, thank you.
I was about to highlight that.
What a wild world it would be if it was like,
unofficial, not approved or endorsed in any way.
Inspired by true events.
Currently impending legal action from Kentucky Fried Chicken.
There's fucking secrets out, chicken man.
Mario Lopez is just crazy about these buckets.
So he's funding it himself.
I would also like to point out that prime debut slide.
Yeah, noon, noon, classic.
So here's the press release.
Kentucky Fried Chicken and Lifetime are teaming up to bring consumers
the perfect distraction from all things 2020.
The holiday lifetime original mini movie, a recipe for seduction.
Featuring veteran actor and star of Lifetime's Feliz Navidad,
Mario Lopez as Colonel Harlan Sanders.
The first of its kind.
Let's fucking hope so.
Lifetime original mini movie.
It's full of mystery, suspense, deception, foul play.
And at the heart of it all, love and fried chicken.
Huh.
To enhance the viewing experience of deep fried holiday romance,
consumers can order KFC on Uber Eats for delivery
and get six free extra crispy tenders with a $20 purchase or more.
While enjoying the delicious taste of the Colonel's secret 11 herbs and spices,
viewers can share in all the drama of this steamy holiday love affair
as they watch a young heiress contend with the affections of a suitor
handpicked by her mother.
Now it does beg the question, I've just spent $20 at KFC
and I've gotten six free extra tenders.
How much of this can I eat in a 15 minute film?
Because I am already dreading that experience.
When a handsome young chef with a secret fried chicken recipe and a dream arrives,
he sets in motion a series of events that unravel the mother's devious plans.
That's the whole movie then, huh?
Yeah, that's the whole thing.
Quote, we're no stranger to heating things up for the holidays,
just like our famous...
How do you think this ends?
Fried chicken meals?
An interesting guess.
Travis, do you have a guess?
Spices and flavors?
Just like our famous fried chicken.
Scented fire log.
But let's face it, we could all use a little distraction this holiday season.
Fuck it, they got it, folks!
Yeah.
They got it at the buzzer!
At the buzzer!
COVID's been hard, so we put a fake mustache and goatee on Macy Slater
and we're just fucking going for it.
Because this'll do it, right?
Will this do it?
KFC Slater.
Why not fill some of your...
Oh man, it's just right here.
Let's face it, we could all use a little distraction this holiday season.
So why not fill some of your time at home?
I mean...
But Grandpapa, what was 2020 like?
Well, it wasn't all bad.
There was, right there at the end, there was a real buzzer beater of a Brideslot.
I'll be straight with you, Bryson.
It was mondo fucking boring.
But then my boy KFC Slater rolled in.
We were saved at the end of the year by President Lopez.
President Lopez, well, he was just Mario to us back then.
But you know what?
I can track it all back to that one day, December 13th at noon,
when the whole world changed.
There was, of course, BRS before Recipe for Seduction,
and of course, ARS after Recipe for Seduction.
Now pass me the KFC Bible and I'll tell you more.
A Recipe for Seduction is Lifetime and KFC's first ever branded custom midform content.
Oh!
The Lifetime original movie is a playful addition to, well, I mean, you get it.
Yeah, once you get all businessy, it's like, ugh, can we just have fun here?
It is a good question, though.
What will you do for the other 15 minutes, Lifetime?
What is it?
This is the first 15 minute thing you've made.
What are you gonna throw on a fucking episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
That's a good question.
What are you doing after this?
After its linear premiere, a Recipe for Seduction will be unbound from reality.
Continue to be available throughout the holiday season
on mylifetime.com forward slash Christmas hyphen movies,
all Lifetime apps and VOD platforms.
Quote, Lifetime is the perfect holiday home to bring this spicy, unexpected tale to life,
said David DeSocio-Path, I'm assuming, UVP of ad sales and marketing partnerships,
A&E Networks, through a terrific cast and with a wink to the unique sensibilities
celebrated in Lifetime movies.
This co-production spotlights, can we just have something nice?
I mean, can we just have something nice?
That we did a KFC Lifetime movie.
Just say that!
It's fun!
We've blended the beloved sensibilities of the Lifetime-
But this is dumb as shit and you'll like it.
You'll like it for 15 minutes and you'll forget about it.
We made a chicken log!
And you'll pretend like you didn't like it and you'll be all ironic about it,
but you were sincerely happy we did it and you can admit that here.
You know us.
You know us, what we do with our chicken log.
You know what this is.
Just don't make it into a fucking business thing.
You're not gonna sell any more chicken because of this.
This is the problem.
Just let's have fun.
It's a nice thing because apparently it's been a challenging year according to this press release.
It's been a hard year for a lot of us.
Apparently.
Here's the thing is that kind of brand explanation,
that's where you get into too self-aware where I'm like,
oh, you did this for money, you business.
Yeah.
And that's where I forget that KFC isn't my fun friend.
Yeah, sure.
Um, hey, who wants a yahoo?
Hey, yahoo.
I'll take one, sir.
Yahoo here, sir.
Uh, yahoo.
Yahoo here for the boy.
Here comes yahoo's.
Okay, this one is-
Oh, too hot!
You've burned my boy's face.
They don't have temperature.
He's dead.
There's no-
Oh God, my boy is dead.
Did you dump something else hot on him, sir?
Because they don't have temperature.
I put the yahoo on my boy's head and now he's melted.
But look at it.
Oh, he was my only boy.
Just as you instructed,
we blended it with law and gave it to him thrice daily.
Um, so this yahoo was, uh, sent in by Ellie.
It's from an anonymous user who asks.
Oh, they need a name.
I forgot that I do that.
You wanna say Travis?
The scrunch asks,
could you have a normal relationship
with someone who is very, very psychic?
Like they can see everything.
You wonder if anything about you is a mystery?
There are five updates.
Update one.
Oh yes, it has happened already.
Trust me, every day it happens.
Update two.
That said, not looking for an answer
from those who don't believe it.
It's a real issue I'm dealing with here
from a guy who's not very open to talking to me about it.
Update three.
He's proven he's psychic already.
Update four.
No, he was talking about me eating a donut yesterday
before I even knew my sister bought one at the store for me.
I don't have donuts every week,
so it's not a regular pattern.
Update five.
Thanks, in quotes.
No, he is.
There is proof.
If you're in denial about psychics,
don't answer the question.
Okay.
Can I, this is the first time, Griffin,
at which the additional details
has made me retroactively wonder about the scenario
that led to the specific question.
Do you think this question asker wants to date this person?
No, I think they're in a relationship with this person
and I think that they live together
and I think that they woke up one Sunday morning
and they are having a slow start to the day
and the husband says, you're going to eat a cake donut
and then the sister brings a cake donut
and then this woman is like, holy fucking shit.
You are very, very psychic.
I think I would happily be in a relationship
with someone who's very, very psychic.
Travis, Travis, Travis.
Yeah.
You're not, we're not talking about fucking crossing over
with John Edwards.
Or Ghost Whisperer.
Or Ghost Whisperer.
Yeah, not bullshit like that.
No, they're just psychic.
I'm talking about someone who is very,
just super psychic, Travis, real, real psychic.
Here's the thing though, Griffin.
Yeah?
The question is not about their level of psychonicity.
The question is how accepting are they of me
and everything that I am, right?
Do they accept me for who I am with all my flaws?
Because if so, I have nothing to hide from them.
Okay.
It is only if they are judgmental
that I would feel embarrassed if they knew everything about me.
But we gotta have secrets, don't we?
Little sneak, little sneak rits.
That nobody gets to see stuff that we get to do
that no one else gets to see that we do them.
Do y'all not have-
I'd rather share my sneak rits with my partner.
Can we get down to the real issue of this question, please?
Sure, sure.
Okay.
I think I felt like we've been dancing around a bit.
Obviously, yes.
Okay.
If you're at the grocery store and you're looking at doughnuts,
what prompts you to think,
well, Paula doesn't frequently eat doughnuts.
In fact, it's probably a less than weekly occurrence,
but I'm gonna bring her one single grubby doughnut.
Just to show Paula I'm thinking about her,
I wanna pick one.
I'm gonna get some of this paper.
I'm gonna open this up.
I'm gonna get one grubby little doughnut
to bring to my sister who does not enjoy them enough
to eat them frequently.
Well, Justin, ironically enough,
just like my favorite procedural mystery, psych,
it is all now laying out before me.
I can see the timeline.
Jim called Paula and said,
hey, remember when you ate that doughnut?
And Paula said, I haven't eaten a doughnut
in at least a week and a half.
And Jim said, oh man, I look like such an idiot.
So he called Paula's sister, Paula too,
and said, hey, can you get Paula a doughnut today?
And don't make a big deal out of it
and don't tell her I called.
Thank you.
And the sister's going through a real bad divorce.
So she's got lots of time to go get on a single doughnut run.
Yeah, and also the librarian wasn't dead.
He faked it so that he could sneak back in
and get the jewel himself.
It's just that grocery store doughnuts are the worst.
I mean, if you're gonna eat a doughnut,
you're gonna treat yourself to a doughnut.
Don't eat one from the grocery store.
Yeah, well, but the convenience factor is there, Justin.
You're getting everything else.
I can't get my roasted beef from a Dunkin.
Yeah, man, it would be cool
if you're in a relationship with somebody
who could let you win the lottery every day
until there was no more lottery money left
because you got all of it.
But then they put on the other end of the sword,
they would be like, you're gonna fucking waste that.
You're just thinking of someone who's very psychic.
Imagine someone who's very, very psychic.
So you could be like, hey,
does Janice want to hang out with me on Saturday?
And they could be like, she doesn't.
Yeah, you're so psyched.
I could see though, I buy that you're,
see, that's what I wanted.
I want to be like, I'm extremely psychic.
I really, tell me the lottery numbers.
I would love to, but honestly,
it doesn't work out well for you in most of the futures
that I can see.
So I'm unfortunately gonna have to win.
You can withhold whatever
and just say that that's like, it's better that way.
I'm making that call.
It's better, trust me.
Hey, it turns out winning all that money is bad for you.
Yeah, butterfly wings.
Much like it has been every single person
who's ever won the lottery ever.
Oh, that's a fake statistic.
That can't be.
Well, yeah, Griffin, of course it is.
I just said every person ever.
I clearly don't have any information to back that up.
But anecdotally, everybody always talks about,
you win the lottery, man, it's gonna ruin your life.
And have there been a few cases of that?
Sure.
But most of the time,
getting a big fucking bag of money like that,
it's pretty cool shit.
Hey, Griffin, can you step over here with me
for a second?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Of course I fucking know that.
I'm sorry, do you want me to, sorry.
No, Justin, you can stay over there.
You can stay over there.
Should I bring jokes with me or can jokes stay with you guys?
No, you and jokes can hang out.
You and jokes can hang out.
Okay.
Griffin, I'm trying to increase my odds
by getting less people to play in the lottery.
Oh, jeez.
So I need to tell them the lottery is bad for them.
Okay.
So that they won't buy tickets so I can play.
I like the rubber chicken thing.
We probably love rubber chickens.
Okay, Griffin.
Yes, that's a good idea.
Forget the, forget what I said, it was a joke.
No, wait, we haven't, let's go back over.
Okay.
Hey, we're back over here.
Yeah, don't do, don't play lottery.
Don't play, don't play lottery.
Why, Griffin?
Oh, it's, it makes you sad to do it.
What kind of stuff could happen to you
if you won the lottery, Griffin?
No one ever, no one's, you get a big pool, you fall in.
Oh, boy.
And you're carrying a big bucket of coins.
Guys, could you excuse me, please?
Oh, sure.
Could you guys, I'm gonna step over here.
Okay.
You shouldn't beatbox.
I know you've been practicing a lot, Justin,
but this is not the time to show off your beatboxing skills.
And I know it seems like it would make the podcast
really good and funny and it would be really cool,
but I need you to not beatbox.
You've made it this far.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
I couldn't help but overhear from here.
I would love to hear you beatbox.
Was that it?
Wait, no, Travis, that's just his open,
that's just his open hi-hat.
Clearly that means, closed hi-hat, closed hi-hat.
Let's hear, let's hear some Tom's juice.
Tom's.
Tom's, Tom's, Tom's, Tom's.
That's right, textbook.
Now just lay all those together.
Okay, Griffin will get it in post, I'm sure.
Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom.
I'm sure.
Hey, thanks for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother, and me.
It's so fun to do it for you every week.
We're just having a good time.
We're just having a good time here.
You know what?
Don't, we'd do it even if people didn't listen,
but it would be, the more erotic content
would be more questionable, I think.
Hey, December 19th at 8 p.m., clear your calendar
because we're gonna be celebrating the candle nights together.
Though we can't all be physically in one area,
we are still, the season arrives regardless.
This is going to be a filmed candle night spectacular.
We have filmed almost all of it at this point
and it is going to be buck wild.
It is a wild one.
Yeah, we got segments from Bim Bam, Sawbone, Schmanter's Wonderful,
Still Buffering, Special Guests,
and it is going to be something else.
Tickets are pay what you want with a $5 minimum
and all proceeds go to Harmony House,
which is a local shelter for people experiencing homelessness.
They help so many people,
Cindy volunteers there and can vouch for her.
It is an amazing place
and we are so proud to be supporting them again.
Bit.ly forward slash candle nights 2020 is the address.
Please go there and get what you can
and come join us for that show.
Sorry, real quick, it is $5 minimum
but there will be $1.25 fee to cover the expenses
of the people helping us do the show.
So it will be $6.25 total just so that doesn't throw you off.
And you will be able to watch it through January 4th, 2020.
So you got a long period to enjoy it.
You don't have to watch it right there December 19th at 8 p.m.
But that is when it will go live.
We also have a lot of cool McElroy merch.
Well, I just wanted to say real quick that it's a really fun video
and we made it really fun for you
because we know everybody's had a hard year.
Yeah, it's been a rough year for all of us.
And so we made it with a bunch of herbs and spices.
We've got a lot of cool merch over at McElroyMerch.com
with some candle night stuff over there,
stuff that you might've seen before, maybe you haven't.
But the thing that I wanna highlight is the Festo pin of the month,
which is Festo from the Adventure Zone graduation
if you haven't listened yet.
And that benefits the Transgender Law Center,
which employs a variety of community driven strategies
to keep transgender and gender nonconforming people
alive, thriving, and fighting for liberation.
So you can check that out
as well as all the other stuff at McElroyMerch.com.
And here we go.
Three books I wanna tell you about my friends.
One, Everybody Has a Podcast Except You
is our how-to podcast book.
It's available for pre-order now.
Go to TheMcElroyPodcast.com.
That comes out January 26th.
So I think that's within a window
that you could give that pre-order to someone
as a candle night's present.
You can also pre-order The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom,
which is book four of our graphic novel series.
Go to TheAdventureZone.com.
Oh, TheAdventureZoneComic.com, I should say.
And that comes out July 13th, 2021.
And the Sawbones book is out in paperback on December 29th.
It's newly revised and updated for 2020.
You can get that at bit.ly slash Sawbones paperback.
Y'all want the final,
oh, thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song
and to departure off the album,
putting the days to bed.
Great tunes, great tracks.
Oh, one more thing I want to say.
We're doing the MBM or the MBM AM Angels
is happening again.
If you want to participate
to help fill those empty stockings
in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia,
you can go to MBMAMangels.com.
And thanks to MaximumFun.org for having us on the network.
Do you want the final, Yahoo?
I do, Griffin.
I'd really love that.
This one was sent in by Amy.
Or yeah, thanks, Amy.
It's Yahoo Answers user Hiram who asks,
let's chill.
Do you Christians like V8?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis Beck.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May kiss your dad, square on the lips.
