The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome my brother my brother mean if I show for the modular there is no spoon
My name is Justin McElroy your oldest brother
Hey, would you have knocked over the vase if I hadn't said anything woof woof big dog Travis woof woof McElroy
What on God's green earth are you two doing? Hi, this is Griffin. What on God's green and blue?
Griffin I'm dodging all of your judgments. Whoa
Whoa
That's right folks we're headed back into the matrix
Matrix resurrections
Matrix resurrections
We're here. We're getting there matrix for Lana Wachowski is gonna take us
Into her world of the matrix, and we're all gonna go on a journey together
Into the matrix, and that's right. We back out here. I know what you're thinking folks weren't we just in the matrix?
There's no way you could possibly know what I'm thinking at this very moment
You're thinking weren't we just in the matrix, but the matrix here's the thing about the matrix guys one
It's way long ago. You don't realize it cuz like you probably just watched them again. Yeah way long ago like
It's true right cuz now it's all computers
Yeah, yeah now. It's all computers online
I can't believe that they're making a fucking matrix film has been so long since last one
Are you kidding me with this Tara Reeves neo more like although listen hey
Listen the only
Into is Viagra you know
All right, no, I wouldn't say
Okay, but not at the not at the expense of Keanu Reeves
I know it's like I'm doing kind of a bit like it's like what kind of jokes are there about matrix
Those are the jokes that I have about me. Well. Here's the thing I watched the trailer whoa Jonathan Groff's in this bitch
Yeah, yes, wait don't give away anything else
Damn cuz Griffin hasn't seen the trailer, but Griffin is a huge matrix
Code monkey as they can I see can I step outside the bit yeah, I really I really do love those films quite a bit
Yeah, they're very good
I mean the first the first the first no they're all good in their own way. They're all very good
I have like the space orgy underground love that fuck yes
Fuck so good Griffin. What do you think is revealed in the new trailer?
the new trailer yeah, or the
only one so far if
If memory serves the end of the third matrix movie was kind of a total party wipe
The Keanu is in this one is astonishing to me
It's the resurrection sits right there on the title Griffin. I guess they do say it right there
They say right there on the tile you're not okay Griffin. I know I'm gonna ask you
What do you think is in this trailer? I think there's a matrix in the matrix
I think they want one. I think they went one deeper
I think that there's the real world in which we are set up by cattle into batteries and the machines love our juices and so
They put us in matrix so they can take our juices, but then in matrix. It's like but damn
There's some good stuff happening here, too
We're gonna matrix them you know they're on there and there and this is what I'm talking about the phones tik-tok and tumblr all of us
Are sort of our way out Griffin?
So you have wait have you'd actually not watch the trailer. I've genuinely not
Matrix there's a scene in the trailer
There's a clip where everyone's on their phones and the key on is in an elevator surrounded by people on their phones and a guy
Loses funny kind of chuckles, and I guess that's a bad thing to find your own entertaining all those guys are on their phones
They love to talk believe this yes
Lana get at me. Let's yes
Let's collab. This is fucking awesome. I also someone Lily's taking a step back
You need someone to bounce the ideas off right in Griffin get Griffin in Griffin
Which is Griffin in I also I went into it. This is not a joke
Like joking to myself. I wonder if they'll catch up with what that cat from the like from the like
Deja vu moment what what that cat's been up to right hats in the trailer
Cats and Chuck you want to lose your mind Griffin. I'm just gonna five seconds. Here's the last line of the trailer delivered by
Mr.. Groff himself
Bringing it are you ready? Yeah, cuz you might get too pumped. It's okay. It's the most trailer line
You're not gonna fucking believe that. This is the last line of the trailer
You're reading a script as an actor, and you get a line like this. You're like well. That's not getting cut
There's no way all right you ready mm-hmm
After all these years to be going back to where it all started back to the matrix
Griffin I know I'm thinking is that just a clip from like a red carpet interview that Jonathan Groff did no no no
No, that's a scene in the movie. It's in the movie. That's in the matrix all right
is in it
Is he the new fucking agents agent Smith or whatever he's the new Morpheus. There's four Morphe I
Actually, that's not actually there's the fire more to it the water Morphe I earth Morphe I and air Morphe I when they get together
Don't think Larry made it for this one well
I don't think Justin. There's a reason in matrix online
more
canonically assassinated
But are you saying Larry is not in this film because he's canonically assassinated in the matrix online
matrix online
Morpheus is canonically
Assassinated and so you get a younger
Hipper Morpheus
Perhaps part of the resurrections once more cool cool cool Trinity. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, and it got a big part looking great by the way has not aged a day
It's that matrix, but he has even killed fucking fantastic. Yeah, I felt bad about like I had it was so funny
Yeah, we remember
Yeah, I liked in the trailer where there was like you know there's like a voice over
And you're like always is he gonna be in it is it gonna be in it is he gonna be in it?
And then you just hear Joey pants like I love steak
I love steak and redheads. Ah, is there a scene... Joey pants ain't in it. He was canonically assassinated in the matrix online. First DLC attack of the cyber machines. Yeah
Is there a scene where
fucking
Mr. Anderson or Keanu's John Anderson, I think is his name Neo Neo Thomas Anderson
Thomas Anderson, he's at a fucking
Paul Thomas Anderson's at a Panera bread and he gets his bread bowl with his cheese and broccolini soup and
He like reaches into the utensil drawer and grabs a fork and he's like wait a minute. Excuse me, sir
Where's the spoons and the cashier just smiles and it is the little boy
Can I just say Griffin how you there's no Griffin
It's weird that you knew about the bread bowls because that is actually the new red pill blue pill
Yeah, cuz that got all that like you want a broccoli soup. Mr. Anderson, right?
All that iconography got co-opted by dipshits so you can't do red pill blue pill anymore
Yeah, now it's like do you want the red broccoli cheese soup bread? Yeah, or a slushie. Can I tell you what's wild Griffin?
What all joking aside there is a clip in the trailer where he's like walking through a cafe and
And like looks over and someone's reading Alice through the window glass and I think it's like the prophet. I think it's like
The legs smiles at him. Hey, please go ask Alice is the true
But it's kind of exactly oh fucking good he wears there is I mean he's wearing a beanie
He's wearing a beanie and dropping a bunch of his pills down the sink. Yeah like that. I like that
I like that. Is there a gooey mirror? Is there? Yes. Yes. Yes
He looks in it and he kind of looks like
Looks like all
Yeah
He looks like
It's dead on Justin. It's right. It's it's weird, right?
It's like the movie the mirror is a Gucci mirror and is also showing the revenant. Yeah
It's a streaming mirror
There's great parts. Like people do
Buildings and then the buildings break and then here's a part where someone shoots a rocket and Neos like I don't think so today
Yeah, thanks. And then you miss a missus a rocket in an air in a different
Rocket bending. It's amazing rocket. No more bullets for me. Thank you. Just right now, but there's a scene
But let me ask a question they fight with kung-fu in a magical dojo. Okay, but listen in there
But listen, yeah
What the fuck is Neil Patrick Harris doing in this
Yeah, he just he keeps looking at the camera saying I'm so excited to be in the matrix is why it's why it's amazing
There's a bunch of new characters and I swear to God they have this entire like army that have freed themselves from the gender binary
It's amazing. Yeah, it's an incredible army of
Soldiers
So cool, they're like all the cool I don't love young Morpheus is the one thing
Actually, I
Want to watch it in it. Oh, hey the in it from the video game this. Yeah, canonically the matrix
Yeah from according to IMDB Jada Pinkett Smith who is not she's not just to the video game. She was in. Oh, that's right
That's why she was heavily she was sure didn't have a featured is what you were thinking. Yeah, man
I'm way more plugged into the fucking matrix universe than I assume. Why do you know so much about online?
Maybe you need to unplug a little bit copper top
I love steak. I love steak
Cool, I can't wait for this fucking movie to come out
Awesome a little crimp a little crimbo action coming out on crimbo. Sorry kids
We're in bow matrix kids open up presents are in the living room
Dads are in the living in the then the in the movie room. Oh, she's a Merovingians back
Yeah, Jim's way up in it people flip in hallways. I don't know if I can show my kids all three
the like my kids are gonna have to get through all three of the matrix movies just and
and a matrix and an animatrix and
Apparently, you know the matrix a lot because my kids are gonna be like dad. Where is it Morpheus?
Dad hold on dad's gonna set up a server
In the house somewhere we're gonna fucking VPN into this private server
You can see the death of Morpheus who is canonically assassinated. Yeah, hold on
I can pull up some playthrough videos on YouTube. No dad. I have experience in myself where I was
Come on
God this fucking rules. This is the only good thing to happen in the last only good thing is matrix. Yeah
Thank you. The matrix. We need the matrix. Hey, maybe it's such a big hit get sensei season three, you know
Please you never know. Hey
My show and we're gonna make a second speed racer
The the Wachowskis in a hundred years everyone be like, how are you people losing you're right
Why did you all sleep on that? Like this? What's wrong?
Wachowskis make a movie. We're fucking
Mila Kunis is swarmed by bees who can smell her royalty and fucking there's a dog prince
And people are like, I don't think we need to see that one
I think we need to skip that one. I don't think we need to see where this one goes like are you sure?
Fuck is the matter with you? They just smell royalty. Are you sure?
Channy's a dog man. All right, we don't deserve him. No. No, we absolutely do not.
I
Recently switched apartments. Okay. I like setting the thermostat to 69. Yeah, I find it funny
It's also a comfortable temperature. One of my roommates keeps changing it to 70
He's done this multiple times that bums me out every time. Why does he do this? How can I figure out who it is?
What should I do once I know who it is? That's from 69 is a nice temperature
Let's settle. Can we settle this right away? First and foremost 69 is
Quite cold. That's whoa, very chilly. Oh
That is my chosen temp. No, no, you know in your home in your home
I was always so cold there. I love no nice 74
You want to live in a rainforest
All right, 75 in the daytime 73 at night that two-degree difference. You feel it. You know it you love it
You have to have it
69 degree. I mean, I guess it depends on where you live in, Texas. I could not I could not maintain
No, an internal temperature of 69 degrees in Texas. No, yeah is where you need to be for a nice sleep
That's what science says but in the during the day, it's hot outside. It should be kind of hot in your house a little bit
Don't unplug from the world. Yeah
I
want fall all year round
But then that doesn't make it exciting when fall comes and there's a slight chill a slight chill by which I mean
It's like 82 degrees in the morning in Texas here now, and I'm like fucking ready for a flannel time
But if it's if it's 69 in my house all day all in all you got in my house all day
The reason your roommate does this they're appeared all day Justin
40 years old day in do you have an IV going or is this too personal?
Go on Travis. No, let's focus on Travis at being 60 not like that temperature trap. It's too low, but it's too low
You're too low. You're probably I would let it check it. I would shudder to look at your electric bill
I would shudder no because it's a maintaining a constant temperature when it hits that temperature
We have let me be clear everybody very good windows. They really keep that in
We've got blackout curtains. We're in Ohio. It ain't bad
You've made a cave like you've made a bed in that's not something to brag about
That's what oh if I could have
Phosphorescent lighting and that'd be it. Oh, there's just a massive to answer the question like there's a like, you know how
We only put a value on things like a million because we have ten fingers, right? It's like it's all based in
Sure, I mean, I think if you saw a million like bricks you'd be like that's a fuck ton of bricks
No matter how many fingers you have
Yeah
But you wouldn't be more fuck ton of breaks than like 900,000 bricks you would still you would look at that and be like Tim
That's a lot of you don't think you would notice a difference between
100,000 saying you wouldn't notice a difference
I'm saying that when you put that millionth millionth brick on the pile you would turn around and be like everyone
I've done something and we're all I see okay, because of my ten fingers. I have achieved it. You know, I mean, I've achieved it
Okay, I feel like 69 and 70 is a large
There's a large psychological gap because in the 69 it could be in the 60s
It could be chilly in the 70s. It could be darn right hot and it's like you're in the like that one
Sliver of a degree is actually there's a big psychological difference
So maybe the room is just like god, it's freezing. I'm just gonna turn
70 says you are absolutely right because if somebody says it's gonna scoot it up if somebody says oh, it's 69 degrees outside
I'm like, oh first of all, you're like 30 second. Yeah. Yeah. I don't feel like 70 degrees. I'm sorry
I'm like, oh short sleeves got it. Okay, cool. You're absolutely right Justin 70 degrees is short. Okay, it's
It's right run hot. I know you do. I know you do
I I'm struggling with this question because and I think probably a lot of our listeners are too
because
70 degrees to me is
Also still pretty cold, but it's not as funny Griffin cuz it's not the sex number
It's but that shouldn't be the reason that shouldn't be the guiding force for how you regulate your biorhythms
Oh, no, because then I would set my thermostat to 420 degrees and burn my family a lot
You're right I've always that always fucks me up yeah, but it would be I would be burning alive but cackling cuz it's like
And then I would be reduced to ash I'm just saying if there's somewhat like a thermostat manufacturer listening
Create a mode where they are. Yeah anywhere between
65 and like 75 no matter where you set it. It still reads as 69
Right. So that way we can still get the effect. Yeah, we still get the joke
You can even put it in quotes on the display 69 right just paint over it
Oh, yeah, and then you don't you're like your body doesn't shit my body definitely my body can tell the difference between 75 and 70
Do you think if we blindfolded you?
Yeah, I might put earplugs in or something and then we like lowered it or race it by a degree
You'd be like, oh, that's 71
if you said it to say if the thermostat was set to 74 degrees and then you covered my face and
like with a bag with a bag and just like got rid of all senses, but touch right and then
Either lowered or increase the temperature by one degree. I could for sure tell you like which direction
Oh, we're gonna that's not that's yeah, like that's but that doesn't even seem that astonishing to me. That seems like something
I don't think I'd notice
Okay. All right, but I don't know how to test that
Like we'll raise and lower at me and being like still fine. Yep, doing great
Guys, I worry with all this 69 talk that things have gotten a little pure aisle
So I thought I would like raise the brow a little bit. Oh, man. Oh wait. It's been a really long time
Do you know what? I mean? Like it's been like a yeah, right? So it's like ready to come back with some work of art
Of all of them of all of them to come back I think this was
Well, it didn't come back Griffin. I just had to think a good one
So it took a little while because street cart named these nuts really took it out of me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, so just a reminder how this works. Can I offer one thing just before you move forward? Sure. Sure. Sure
después de todos estos años volver al origen de todo
volver a matrix
It hits good there too, it hits really good there too
Back in the matrix after all these years
Um, so well just a reminder. This would be I'm going to describe a classic work of art and
Justin and Griffin will just give me the title. It's that simple. So like if I said
Can you believe this is only the third time that Travis is I just googled my bim bam work of art
Which the bim bam wiki describes as Travis modifies the titles of classic books into bathroom jokes
That's fair, yeah
And it's like it would be like if I said like Sun Tzu's classic guide to fighting a battle and also a little toot slips out
And it would be in the fart of fart of war very short of war
No, I just said
Beats and thought zebra. Here we go. The first one
Frank L bombs classic story of a quartet attempting to get what they desire
But also the author focuses a lot on how the scarecrow makes semen
That would be the
This is correct. Okay. Now they're gonna get more difficult as it go on understand though, please understand dear brother
The jizzard is not a word
Please understand dear brother, please understand jizzard is not a word
It is it's the it's a wizard of jizz, okay? Oh
I'm sure they have
No, Justin at the very least I want to seen the word gizzard and mispronounced it. Okay. Oh do not
Is this your first day on the internet
Now round two. Yeah
this
Fscot Fitzgerald classic involves Nick
Nick befriending a wealthy bon vivant and man about town who's in love with Daisy and also
Poops himself a lot
Shatsby, I'm sorry. What was that the great shots be that's correct Griffin. Good job
Griffin you're so good at this game. You're really good this game
I wish I could come up with this pure awesome as quickly as you track Griffin. Okay, I got I'm twisted
That's one more just more this Charles Dickens classic tells the tale of how Ebenezer Scrooge's life has changed
when a series of ghosts inserts their closed hands into his butthole
Griffin I'm so deeply impressed by how quickly
Not
Difficult, it's not it's a rhyme with the worst word you can think of
Justin was hours behind you on that. I'm still trying to get I still don't get Jessa DeVos
Yeah, but here you are Griffin before I can even finish like oh this is Carol. You were so excited by are you finished?
Are you finished Griffin? Do you want to come up with something? You're so good at this. I
Bet I could but yeah
I really don't want to yeah, maybe on the next oops all bets. Yeah, that'd be great. I would love to do to switch
Well, I mean this is actually a great
I would love a comeuppance here for Travis and I found just the way to do it. Let's approach the jizzers
Nice
This one was sent in by Omni present millipede. Thank you. It's a wiki how article that is
Entitled how to prank your brother. Oh boy, so
Maybe oh, maybe Travis just as I pay back for that
You can do like not you just like step out of the room for a bit and me and Justin complain a big one
Okay, I promise you won't listen. I'm plugging my ears for sure
Juice number one plan a big attack from the closet
This is an absolutely brilliant plan first pick a time when your brother doesn't think you're home and nobody else is there then hide in
A closet maybe your own then quietly call the house from your cell phone and when he answers the phone say you need him to
Go in your closet and then we open to you jump out and go like boo
And then he won't expect to see you there and he will freak out you'll be able to hold this one against him for years
So you wanna try that?
Griffin got fist with Carol right away. Yeah, get in the closet
Travis hey trap. Yeah, I left something I left my I left my backpack for
school in my closet
Which one is that mine closet get it out of the backpack look like
Purple purpose they have any characters on it or your name or anything. Oh
It's got sewer sharks. Ah sick, bro. Yeah, I'll get it
Okay, this closet yeah, okay, just let me open it here. Oh, hey Justin hi Jeff
You don't seem surprised. No, you're just hold on. Wait, hold on. Wait, just do a big attack
What was that
Wait, I didn't knock you unconscious. I punched my microphone really hard. Hold on. Oh, I'm not your microphone Justin
No, no, it was the audio me. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay
Oh, wait, hello
Second what is that? Is that you like playing? I just have a nap. I was giving you like I'll do it again
Oh, you punch it in the nut. Okay. I'm on the ground. Stop. It's like I would attack
Are you supposed to physically attack him? I'm actually gonna get I'll get on juice
I'll get on fiverr and find somebody to attack strong. Just Google strong strong person
Attack brother to attack my brother to attack brother strong person to attack brother. That's actually like if I could say as far as pranks go
hiring someone to hide in their closet and then attack them I
Could still do the cell phone thing and they could see me I could like be like come to the window and look out
Do you see that? I'm here. Yeah, there's any way I'm in your closet right now, and they're like, I don't think so
Yeah, just in the attack. I watch a lot of like police procedural dramas and I would
Just I would point out that hiring someone to hide in someone's closet and attack them
might might
Crest past the line of prank and no
Perhaps felony. Yeah, it's I mean it says big. Yeah right there on it. Yeah
Let's let's try something else real quick travel go ahead and step out of the room again. Okay, great
I'm gonna go have peanut butter Sammy. Okay, Justin
I'm got this big box out in front of his front door and you're gonna hide in it
And I'll ring the doorbell and when he opens it
You wanna jump you are gonna jump out and this is guaranteed to make him scream. What do I do? I mean, what do I do?
So I'm gonna put a big cardboard box, can you cut the cross off in front of the house?
Yeah, and you're gonna get inside of it and then he opens you're the best when he opens the door you jump out
Okay, you're always there
Travis ding-dong something's the front door for you Travis
That at my front door your front door yours open it. Okay. I'll have mrs. B open it
No, you open it and open the front door. No Travis Travis Travis Travis
You have to do it. All right
But that's what mrs. B is here for mrs. B is can I speak with Travis, please?
Miss B. Let Travis open the door because we don't want to prank you
All right love oh
Travis open the door. Just give me a minute surprise. I was mrs. B the whole time
Hi, I'm a tax investigator
Why are you in a box?
You're in a big problem today
Hi, I'm dr
IRS with the IRS. Did you get the package Travis?
Yeah, I sent you a tax. I sent a tax investigator because you're busted big-time, baby
Do you open it illegally you've been served? You've been served for tax box
It was the only one we had laying around the office
Yeah, but it doesn't matter to combat. You don't have any paperwork or anything. Look in here
Okay, you're not wearing any pants. That's my middle finger flipping you off. Oh
consider yourself prank is I
Got pranked by the IRS. All right, stop this one sucks
Just Travis get the fuck out of here and also hold on wait Travis for this next one
You you have to dead-ass go to sleep
Okay
Hold on. Give me a moment. All right, let me watch 35 minutes of ASMR videos. Yeah. All right. Oh
There he goes, hey Justin put whip make him put whip cream on himself, okay
Wait, what?
Yeah, is he honest? He's he's waiting. He's sleeping on his stomach flip him over, but don't wake him up. Oh
Now whip now making now make him whip cream himself now
Damn that is some really rough foley
That bottle is sick. All right
Oh Travis don't Travis don't wake up. Don't wake up shop
Sorry, I thought a bird was attacking me. Okay, Travis go back to sleep. Okay, but touch your face like this
And rub that good cream all over oh, that's delicious
I'm just eating the cream now. He's just eating the cream
Is this low fat? Fuck you?
It's it's ready with Justin quick. Give him a wedgie
Wait until he turns away from you. Good luck. I'm not wearing underpants. Oh god. No, I keep reaching lower and lower
There's nothing you'll find it. Don't give up. It's in there
Can you scratch right there though while you're there? Oh God Justin just quick. Here's an actual suggestion
Stick paper on his butt
What why well is a quick and easy one you get a piece of paper that's similar color to a surface like a couch or
Chair and then you put glue on it and when he gets up
He'll be walking around with a piece of paper on his booty
Did they literally stop there? They didn't say like write something on it
Well, they said this is an updated version of the always effective. Kick me sign. So that's not always effective. It's never been effective
Even though I'm somebody put a kick me sign on someone's back the other person who saw I was like, oh, come on
Let me get that for you. There's a whole subcategory called bathroom pranks
But none of them are quite as ribald as you would want them to be. Yeah, so let's jump straight to food pranks
Okay, do I need to go to sleep again? It doesn't matter you haven't fallen for any easier like neo
Yeah, just always dodging them Justin couldn't make a sponge look like cake
But not an actual but like it's not an edible sponge. I got cleaning one put put chocolate on it
So it's like a cake Travis. Well, I'll just save time. You know what?
I'll just I don't want try to be excellent in the sponge. So I'll just make
Like a sponge cake like a nice. Oh, you know what? Why don't you make a cake look like a sponge? That's really popular
Griffin is that prank?
Mmm, then I go to like clean the dishes and it's like what it was cake Travis drink this milk
No, Travis drink this milk. Well, the human body's not really developed to drink milk Griffin
drink
Drink this milk though. How long has it been sitting out? Hold on. I'm gonna move this. Hold on
Wait, I have to move this trash can close to you now drink this milk
I'm following this wiki our article Travis and it says to have a trash can close because he might
Vomit
Knowing that Griffin. I'm definitely not gonna drink this milk, but this is regular milk. You're part of the control group
I'm actually gonna prank Justin. Oh, okay
You're drinking it. There's vinegar. I put vinegar in it. I love that
Fuck he liked it. It didn't even work. It's really good for the system. Can we try again?
But I'll put salt and pepper in it, which is okay
That's good
Cool, you put just a little bit in which I appreciate it smiley. These are like hand me your TV remote Travis
Hey, which one do you want the one that does like the Apple TV or like the regular TV remote?
I have one that's for like the box that does give them both give them all to me. Oh, it's like four different ones
Yeah, I'm trying to get like a master controller. I got him. Thank you. I got him snap snap snap snap
I broke all of those. What the fuck? Yeah, I broke your remote you broke you broke my remote
Some of those are still like property of the cable company. Hey, let's play some video games together. What do you say?
No, you just broke my remotes. No, it'll be okay. Let's play some. Hey, let's play a little Smash Brothers, baby
Just your video game controller is right over there inside of jello like the office. Wait. Oh my god. That's funny
How did you get my controller to put it in jello?
Yeah. Hey Travis got a love letter here for you. And this is a real one. I didn't write. Oh, is it from my wife?
No
Oh, then I don't want it Griffin. I'm a married man
Yeah, that's what's fucked up, huh?
You should read it. Hey read it though. It's real. No, cuz I worry that like it might I'll read it for you
I'll read it for you spawned it read the read the smut to him. I'll read it. Hey, hey
Hey, dr. Hey, dr. Hey, dr. Big balls. Yeah, that's what they call me. This is me
Oh Hortense and I love you
But I work with Hortense and see now this is gonna change our dynamic. Where's your where's your butt at? I know
It's in the back of my pants like it always is. I know that the letter says responding to the words you say to it
Yeah, yeah, so this pretty good pranks. Wait, that's the wait. Hold on Griffin. Yeah
That's it write a fake love letter to someone
Um
Make a fake love letter sign from a girl in his class that he also has the same name girl
In your class and place it in his book bag. He'll find the love letter and either confront the girl or tell his friends
Sooner or later. He'll tell you guys
Tell him that you have a girl that has the same exact name and likes a boy with his name
He'll feel so embarrassed because the girl said she didn't and he told his friends Wow, that's Machiavellian
Ah
Twists and turns either
Count of Monte Cristo. Wait, hold on guys. Could you explain? Did you prank me or what's happening?
What's your love note from a girl who has the name of the same girl in a class?
I'm in but she likes somebody who has the same name as you but it's not you and you just told your boys you fucking dumb
Ass, is that why you're breaking me up behind this cask of a Monte Otto?
Yeah, I'm breaking you breaking you right to pieces
What a good pranks article. Thanks everybody. Thanks article great a lot of fun and
Think about it that I mean, even if there weren't a lot of laughs. We are that much closer to matrix for
So that you killed a little bit of time that way, you know
Knives out to also
I'm looking at most anticipated, you know. Yeah, man. Let's take a break
I
love sheets
Man, I'm not even lying
Like this is not one of those things of like I'm gonna put on airs to be like all sheets
They're the best like I just got a new mattress. And so I was like time to order new sheets
You know, it's been a lot of people challenging you be like, you don't actually like sheets
I was like, you know, sometimes you're like I love sheets and they're like, well you enjoy sheets
I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. No, I understand love. I need sheets. Yeah, that's why I love Brooklin
Because listen Brooklin and I know what you're saying Travis. You just talked about how much you love sheets
We know Brooklin and does great sheets. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. They do now imagine a company with the commitment to detail and comfort
That they show to sheets bringing that to lounge wear. I'm afraid to think I'm afraid to imagine
I know I know but let your mind dwell on that for just a moment Griffin because it's true
Because the implications of that are are are profound. Yeah, it's gonna feel like you're wearing
Bedding but in a right way, right? Yeah, and then it's like am I awake? Am I asleep?
Like I don't know. I don't know if I'm awake. Yeah, is this the matrix?
Nobody knows and Brooklin and offers bundle deals on lounge wear so you can get more. Did you say bungle deals bundle?
Mr. Bungle deals. They don't laugh. Hey, hey, don't laugh. I thought that's what you said
But if you bungle the word bundle you get some money off
All right. I mean not everything has to be a joke
And not only that they do candles and I'm asking all kind of accessories to help you. Yeah, I love Brooklin
And I've got Brooklyn and sheets. I got Brooklyn and towels and I'm excited to wear Brooklyn and pants
So get comfortable and get it for less at Brooklyn and go to Brooklyn and calm and use promo code my brother all one word
To get $20 off with a minimum purchase of $100. That's BRO. Okay
L I in en comm and enter promo code my brother for $20 off with a minimum purchase of $100
That's Brooklyn and comm promo code my brother
In the future, we'll all be batteries. And so we got to get off the internet now except for stamps calm
Because with stamps calm you can print official US postage and shipping labels 24-7 without having to leave your desk or buy any kind
of fancy equipment you just need your
computer which is
You got to have a pretty strict net nanny on this one just sort of locking you into stamps calm make that your home page
And then throw away the keyboard
and the printer cannot be
Connected to the internet which is tricky. So you got to like
Put this stuff you want to print the postage on floppy
Disks and then print it out that way but they offer you deals at stamps calm
You can't get anywhere else like up to 40% off USPS and up to 66% off UPS shipping rates
And we got to get back together with this thing
Using this postage that you get off the special offline version of stamps calm that you downloaded
Yeah, so don't go to the post office stop wasting time there go to stamps calm instead
There's no risk and with our promo code my brother you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a digital
Scale do not connect that to the internet either. Yeah
um
Because they will get in they will get in there. They're all just those little spidery robot guys. They're all gonna don't worry
Yeah, yeah, so there's no long-term commitments or contracts
Just go to stamps calm click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type in my brother
You don't have a keyboard anymore
Do text text to speed speech to text speech to text go to yes
So type in my brother with speech to text that stamps calm offline promo code my brother speech to text stamps calm
Never go to the post office again
We have wasted this world
Our magic put a storm in the sky that has rendered the surface of our planet uninhabitable
But beneath the surface. Well, that's another story entirely
In a city built leagues below the apocalypse survivors of the storm forged paths through a strange new world
Some seek salvation for their homeland above others seek to chart the vast undersea expanse outside the city's walls
And others still seek what else?
fortune and glory
Dive into the ether see the latest campaign from the adventure zone every other Thursday on maximum fun org or wherever you listen to
podcasts
It just occurred to me the other day guys that the title of the movie first wives club
And I've never seen it, but it has nothing to do with like the president of the United States
I think right it's like a play on words because they're like the first wives and like they're divorced and now they're second
Oh, that's interesting. I always I also always assumed it was
Um press presidential I've never seen it before so that's just my anybody who's seen that indelible film would not make that mistake
So I'm assuming you have this that I know I haven't seen it
I've said several times that I haven't seen I'm learning a lot about movies this episode. That's not gonna stop Griffin
Okay, cuz great news finally, we're able to retire much squad. We huh? We hung the jersey up. No more much
No more much squad this week cuz there weren't any good ones
But I did want to take a second to start as a brand new bit for this week only it'll never happen again
All right, it's called master of master of disguise
Where there's the film the film master I have to thank Ryan for sending me one of these
One of these reviews of master disguise of which on the service. I am to be there at 24,000 now Justin
Just to be clear. This is master disguise a movie, which I'm going to guess came out in 2000
very very close
2002 you know how I you know how I know that for a fact why easy way to remember that master is
2002 is that
The turtle club scene was being filmed on 9-11
Yes, so the when you see the turtle club scene that was being flown on 9-11
So that's one thing you can remember about total a lot of things every time he says turtle. He's thinking about like
The 9-11 is happening take the rest of the day off
Should we stop the rest today and Dana Carvey was like don't or no
We look guys if we stop filming master of disguise now the terrorists have won
so
Yeah, so just I'm we're just kind of this is kind of like be more breezy and holistic because I can't read
All these reviews. Here's a one-star one. It's possible
I just want you to know Justin because I want you to understand the weight of the responsibility that you're currently bearing
there's a very good chance that there are
Many many people listening this right now for him this 19 year old movie
This is their first time being aware of it
Probably not the master of this. This is from this is one star from 2020 the master disguise
This might as well be called how not to make a movie
This film is yet when I say it like that
I'm using air quotes because a lot of people do it
You have to say this film is yet another one of the top ten worst movies. I've ever seen
I remember when this film first came out. I was in elementary school back then
I was kind of interested in seeing it
But I've never got around to almost like you're the target audience at that point or even buying it on video
Yep, that was still during the VHS transition DVD era
I never saw it was first released and just over ten years later. I saw it on demand for free
So I thought why not? I think I'll give it a watch. Yeah, and
Then the it goes on from there
for pages upon pages upon pages
Here's a they didn't even like the turtle club scene by the way
That sucks one thing to point out
The most popular scene is the turtle club scene that supposedly is supposed to be the come comedic highlight
It appeared the most frequent all the commercials and trailers believe me
I know but when I watched it, I was very disappointed big shock
It's nothing but Dana Carvey who plays the main character pistachio disguise II know seriously, that's his name
Spoiler before before I tear apart Dana Carvey's performance
I just want to say one thing and this person goes on and on and on here's here's um, here's here's a here's a one-star
from 2005 all
Data what goodness name were you thinking? Oh
My
Was this a stinker I
Tried to give as much of a chance as possible because you cannot believe everything you read from critics and
You cannot believe everything you hear with the master. This guy's everything you taste you can oh, this is awful
I don't really think they meant it to be awful
We haven't yet tried to make a movie here at McElroy brothers HQ
But I don't think a lot of you were like, hey, let's really fuck this one up
Oh like in a fun way in like the room or like a bad like the scary movie movies. Nah. Nah. Nah. No, let's just do a
shit job
Man, I know
I don't think they meant it to be awful. I mean the story sounded good
I'm sure on paper to a bunch of film executives who are drunk at the time
they heard it then it probably got a
By a bunch of other folks in various forms of development who thought this could really be a silly little film that would catch on
But it wasn't and didn't
In some other universe. I wish there was a better script to punch up the story
But they're relied too much on Dana's characters that were god-awful and unfunny
This movie was painful to watch painful to see talented people on a film in a very untalented movie
Someone should have pulled the plug cease production for a decade
Something anything but here we are. This film is a major pass under any circumstance
That's fucking me like they're just being mean
It's this one's this one's just mean and I feel like we should like look like a better one
I also just say that like maybe I don't know if this is the thing that people do
But maybe we like the three of us could do a punch-up pass on it now post-production
Post-production way post written 19 years post-production 19 years later. We could do our own
That's something to think about let's put that on the sticker board while I read this one from Jerome
But this is from 2004 the best impression ever ten out of ten stars. Nice. All right good. Come on guys
This movie's great. It has about a dozen moments that would make you laugh to death. That's not a lot. Holy shit
Holy fuck Wow
Oh
Like he always dreams
Then Carvey's a fantastic comedian
He does a lot of impressions in the picture that make the movie worth a of a higher grade about a seven
I'd say now this is from person who did just give it ten out of ten stars
So maybe they're just trying to write the ship a little bit cool and the scene from Jaws
Almost made me wait what holy shit. They just cut a scene from Jaws
I've never seen this movie, but I didn't know you could just do that
Also the actress that shares the screen with Dana Carvey as well as Brent mr. Data spider
Made a good supporting career that way you couldn't go ahead and find out her name their reviewer the actress that's really green
And now yeah, you're you're hey you're on IMDB right now. I know it
I believe most people thought this should be a more serious comedy
Wait more intellectual what but no, it's just simple and good jokes
Come on. You guys should evaluate this movie better funny
Very funny movie. Okay, cool. Hey, I have a
Widescreen monitor and I have to as I want to do when I'm cruising the net
I have it split in half where one half is one
Google Chrome window and the other half is the as another Google Chrome window
And but I have just sort of absentmindedly I now have the Wikipedia page for the Master of Disguise open on both halves
You just
Two of them can I read the last line and about the post-credits scene in Master of Disguise, it's good spoilers everyone
Oh, yeah, there's by the way master disguise. There's three
Awesome three post-credits. That's good. Well, here's one of them a spoiler skip ahead 30 seconds
If you don't want to I'm just gonna read it verbatim in a post-credits scene
Pistachio discovers that the slappy dummy which he used earlier in the film has a little man inside
They proceed to chase and slap each other but later share a drink together before saying goodbye to the audience
Sounds like a good film I'd like to see
All right. All right good bit over 50 thought it was super funny
Dan and Carvey is brilliant see him as a turtle and try not to laugh
He does Al Pacino as a Saturday Night Fever dancer who flips all over the other crowd cannot understand this movie
But we thought it was hilarious. That's awesome. Do you think he was still chant like riding that 9-eleven way?
But they recorded that scene too. Do you think he used it?
Part of it. I wonder if they took a break for a few hours. I
Mean they they had they shot this thing in like a three-week shoot like it was tight
So like they did not have time to really process
What had happened?
So he had to use it, you know, what other choice did he have?
That's a good bit there's no cursing by the way awesome you didn't ask I just got slapped in the fucking face
I'm a turtle
So, yeah
No
It's also because it is also easy to remember what year
anniversary you are in with the master of skies like I know without you thinking about this is the 20th anniversary of
Master of the skies being released in theaters. Hmm, like today
Not the best definitely not the worst. Okay
Um, should we do at least one more question you think? Yeah. Cool. Yep. Yep. Is it sort of master disguise theme? Yeah
All right, I'm ready then
I'm a nanny for a nine-year-old who was just going back to school
Last year the bus driver called me by my college's name as a nickname. Hey
insert school name here
But I have since graduated and grab the this year the bus driver has taken just called me the graduate
Which is significantly worse in my opinion. How do I get this nine-year-olds bus driver to give me a cooler nickname?
That's from vexed in Virginia. That's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. That kicks ass the graduate
Are you fucking kidding me? I would give anything if you are a highly paid assassin the graduate be an amazing. Oh, yeah
Oh, you don't want to be the graduate is after you. Oh, you're fucked here come here comes
But they bail obviously based this on you were wearing a shirt or something with your costume
A shirt or something with your college's name on it?
Like that's where this came out of so like be grateful that they got there with such little information, right?
Yeah, because they wouldn't just be like, oh here comes the sandwich eater because they saw you
Yeah, they were like, oh here comes mr. Dooley's clown college for sinners. Yeah
Now you're the graduate
That's great, man. The problem is the bus driver doesn't have more information about you
You should just start giving that bus driver more information about you. Oh, yes all your information social security
address
Give them all your needs. He's just trying this is a new way people have it's a new phishing scam
Right where the the Fisher makes you want to give them your personal information. Yeah, you could be
Oh, here comes fucking point dexter glasses neater
Cuz you were got it because you are you wear glasses and I assume you need them
That's all I know about you point dexter glasses neater. Here's what I know about the school bus. Yeah
They there they have two jobs one
safely ferry children from corners to school
Second try to lure adults onto the bus, huh? Because it's so embarrassing
Oh, I see. It's like you basically get like 20 points for every adult that you can lure on the way. What do you do?
Oh, what fuck yeah headed downtown hop aboard just kidding more
This is a regular bus and by the time you're like already walking up the steps like wait a minute
This seems like it's full of kids. Whoa, and you're already halfway to school if they bring you to the the bus depot
Then they get 20 points for every adult that they've ordered the bus and you have to walk home
They'll know if you try to get an uber don't you have to start school over from whatever
Is like the youngest grade of the school that they brought subjects of Billy Madison
Do you got do you guys ever wonder cuz bus drivers the school bus drivers?
They pick up the kids in the morning drop the kids off at school
Then they pick up the kids at school and they drop the kids off at home
Yeah, you summed it up pretty well. What's that window in between?
What about school bus drivers doing? Well Travis they're training and I know what you're wondering for what?
On ways to lure more
Their passion they do it for the love of the game. You know what I mean?
I think that there should be like a school bus right between the hours of let's say like 9 and 2
They can give rides to adults right and the end no penalty there, right? That's fine. Oh, whoa
What if there was a different like Lyft and uber but it was only between like 830 and 230, uh-huh
I call a bus like a bus and you like roll up and it's like yeah
This is my web. It's a school. We just saved a lot of musical programs in elementary school
Yeah, oh man. It says there's a fucking 13-minute wait for an uber. We're gonna we're gonna miss our flight
Hold up. Let me get boop boop boop. Let me open up boosts
Yeah
4.9 star rating on did you say you got a bus? No, no, no the app is called boosts
It is school buses now I can get you the airport, but I do need to make a couple stops before that
Yeah
Schools and it's dope because sometimes you get those little halo tangerines that they're just rolling around on the floor
Kid forgot it. Ah shit
toys
Fuck yeah, they know lots of shit like see that farm over there. They'll let you pet fucking any cow you want
It's not even a big deal. That's over. That way is a is a kick-ass crayon factory
You guys got a chicken. I can never do this with kids, but you want to see me ramp this I
Can ramp it I can ramp anything with this baby. Even if I miss it's long enough. I'll still make it man
You see they don't hey you guys see speed. It's like that
Hey, I know this is your first time on boosts and one thing you should know about the there
They're two fucking chicken shit to tell you but if you give me an extra $20, then I'll let you drive the bus
Yeah, man. Yeah, that's pretty. It's a cool service that we provide here on boosts
Don't put that in the app. It's kind of like an off-label
One of the actual review options is let me drove drive the bus
They did let me drive the bus and if you pick that I do get fired immediately
So don't it's a trap. That's a trap review option. So please don't you have to pay an extra five bucks to smoke in the back?
Yeah
But the options available to you want
If you want it, this thing goes really fast
Like let me go that fast, but like you see how you see how big it is now
Imagine how fast it goes because of how big it is and let me tell you folks people get out of the fucking way
Yeah, it's maybe I can I can pop out this stop sign
Any time I want to and it fucks with people because I can leave that stop sign out as I drive around
So people are like is that stop sign coming towards me fuck and it's like a funny prank. It's awesome
Okay, I love boosts. Thank you for writing boosts. I do you have to go pick up some kids now
Can I drop you off after what time is it 315?
You're walking
Right real quick before I go I did well let you guys know that Burger King removed 120 artificial ingredients from it. Oh, wow
That's a lot
It's like I just that's a lot Jocelyn. That's a lot that we're in there, huh? Happy Halloween
Also, just want to let everyone know that McDonald's has confirmed that grimace is the taste bud
So save that can we circle back?
Can we please circle back on that McDonald's has also agreed to take all the artificial ingredients that Burger King won't use anymore
Are you gonna use those?
This salad tastes fucking amazing. It's so good
Yeah
So very exciting
next
Next week now for everybody Friday September 24th 9 p.m
We're doing and my brother my brother me live and virtual event with saw bones opening for us. It's very exciting
Tickets are only ten dollars and they're on sale now
You can go to bit.ly slash m b m b a m virtual and get those tickets right now
Don't wait unless you're driving and the good news is even if you can't make it on September 24th at 9 p.m
Eastern Time then video on demand will be available for two weeks after the show. So check it out
We also got a bunch of merch and macaroni merch comm if you're enjoying Taz ether see then you of course know and love
Dr. Shaq. Yeah puffer fish the puffer fish
neurosurgeon that
Is as a beloved character you get a pin with him all right on it and sales for that benefit the world central kitchen which uses
The power of food to nourish communities and strengthen economies through times of crisis and beyond
There's a pin for the phantom sea coast Co and we even got Taz temporary tattoo flash sheets on there now
those are designed by Lynn Doyle and
Sales for those benefit the Asian prisoner support committee
Which provides direct support to Asian and Pacific Islander prisoners and to raise awareness about the growing number of api's being in prison detained and aborted
And hey, thanks to montane for the theme song. My life is better with you
Just grab grab that grab that tune grab that track
And and dance to it and hold on for the right of your fucking life, okay?
Yikes Griffin yeah, what you were gonna come up with something to replace the folly
I hope I actually did find some people have said I've actually read now some feedback where people said that this is
The bit on the show that they understand the least that they don't actually understand why yahoo's are the way
And there are some people who and this is kind of like a deep web conspiracy theory thing
But people who think that maybe you're not even really reading
Them that you're just like making it up. He's fucked up. All right, this last one was this last one was sent in by Randall's
Okay, the grocery store Randall's
Their CEO whose name is Randall
Jandal and thank you Randall Jandal. It's asked by yahoo answers user
Steph
Stephanie
asks Stephanie
This one is asked by yahoo answers user Stephanie who asks. Hold on. Wait, it's loading it downloading
Downloading give me a second
Okay, all right
Hey guys, hmm Stephanie asks, hey guys
Hey guys
Anyone up for a little anyone up for a little one-on-one
basketball
meet me at
Meet me at the park at 4 p.m
My name is Stephanie and I'll be there wearing
wearing a blue shirt and
Shorts for in shorts and shoes for basketball. You should be wearing an
orange shirt and but also basketball gear and
We'll be very and nobody will get hurt
Thank you and
God bless you and God bless our country
Love Stefan love Stephanie. My name is Justin McElroy Travis McElroy Griffin McElroy
This has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad's grow the lips
Oh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
