The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better
Better it's better
It's better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
Well me, I'm your miller's brother Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Got some new tech. Can you tell I'm looking at your tech? It's so sick, dude
It's buttery gone are the days where the microphone was a desk guy now
He lives on this cyber robot arm that I can make I'll go all over. Yeah, you have a mic buddy
I've never felt more like
Daddy than I do right now. You mean our daddy not just like the state of being of like
Not the way internet people say it like us like I don't know a sexy older person
Santa Claus, I mean I'm
We'll get we'll come back to that
I mean it like our actual I mean it in the way that God intended it when he came up with the word daddy
Yeah, when he was like, I'm your I'm your daddy. I shower you with gifts. Enjoy this these loaves of mana
Enjoy this copy of secret of mana that I got at the local electronics boutique. He's enjoy this
box set of Hana Montana
yeah, when he rained down Hana Montana down on the
Pilgrims been a while since I've read the old BI BLE but
Brand new tech very stoked about it
Yeah, you guys you guys are more sort of tech savvy than I am
Well, that's not true, but at least for me but go on well in terms of recording gadgets and gizmos
I think that you do take the take the K. Yeah, I've got a light up juice pop that light up for me, buddy. He's
So much better I got a thing that's supposed to make the microphone louder and cleaner
I'm not gonna say the name of it because I will disparage the brand and it could be a me problem and not a brand problem
But I plug this this do hickey in and it introduced a loud hiss to the recording
I said that's unacceptable. I reached over to fix it and when I touched the box
Uh-huh
It started to play radio station at first. I thought this was in my mind
Yeah, I thought that it was like a pizza mom
Brain plate that maybe I had a big sock
There's a lot of references for this because I was gonna say like Lucio ball and her fillings when she talked about being able to get
Like government CIA wiretaps through her teeth when I was a kid. I read a book
It was like a young like a beginning reader chapter book about a cat who when he brushed his teeth
He could read minds and get radio stations. Oh, yeah
Whatever it there was also
Track this book down before so if I could use my bully pulpit for a second
If this ring junior bells for you, cuz I'd love to track this one down. It was in the same vein as like
Can you teach me how to pick my nose or?
Yeah, the bubblegum monster or the bubblegum monster a month or kid minus
Kid might talk fucked up by the way
But I was also gonna reference the are you afraid of the dark episode where the kids in the hearse and he listens to the
radio station for dead people and
This show is winding down. By the way, we got references for another ten years. Do not worry about it. Easy
They made a lot of are you afraid of the dark?
but there was a lot of there was a lot of are you afraid of the dark spaghetti at the wall of just like
They say that he's in a giant pinball machines the same thing. How's this?
sick, so like this could add a
new cool, you know how on like
daily show
The British daily show on HBO like yeah
You know how they do sometimes they'll just like pull the newspaper out and they'll be like, oh, you'll hear something
And then they'll like do jokes about that
That does always feel a little graspy to me by the way when they're like we forgot to write anything
Let's just look at the headlines the newspaper and do jokes. It's it's yeah, I mean
They are overpaid Hollywood elites. Thank you. I was thinking maybe this could be fun for us
I can't control what the radio station is gonna be but I could just sort of pipe it in
I think it comes out of my mouth when I touch the box and then like you guys can listen to make
I've removed to the bar. I removed the by the boxes. Oh, see I thought we could play pretend for a moment
Oh, yeah, sure. Sorry. Let me touch the box
Today baseball news
we got a big home runner coming at you from the state of
New York City Derek Jeter's back and he's got a big
Bump bump bump bump traffic is traffic time. It's
1018 a.m. Eastern Time and the Brooklyn Bridge is very crowded. You're getting a lot of New York right here
I
Even more bigger breaking news
Nintendo World Store at 30 rock have a big sale got to get down there. They have half off Mario's and
Donkey Kong is bump bump bump bump
This truck this this GD traffic guys the Brooklyn Bridge
It's rare that you hear a triple breaking news interruption on the same program the peak problem this show is enough about the traffic
I just want to hear more about Derek Jeter's triumphant return to base bump up bump. Yeah, it was great
He every time he got up there he scored a point
He got up sometimes when it wasn't his turn
Is that if one of us is laughing while the other one is doing something?
They are legally mandated to keep doing it. Even when there is no more meat on the bone
They're just chomping on there wasn't meat on it to begin with
If it's working for somebody but at the center of the bone is where the marrow is and restaurants charge like a
Hundred bucks for that stuff. That's an excellent point
If you chew on the bone long enough, even sans meat, you're gonna get to the good stuff
Eventually, that's our new tagline for this this this show my brother my brother me just the marrow. Yeah, you know
Oh, that's interesting. Just the marrow, but no, no, you misunderstand Justin the marrow doesn't come from outside the bone
it's not ever gonna be just the marrow you're gonna have to put up with a lot of like 55 minutes of
Three men gnawing and then maybe five
Then a minute of marrow and then four minutes for ads and announcements
Sounds like a good deal. I'm so glad you're sounding we now
Griffin is continuing his streak of using a different mic from Travis and I just to be special and
Unique my voice wasn't made to be condensed guys. It needs to be I have a more sort of dynamic personality
My voice simply must be contained
Safety of all this is not what I sound like in real life. This is only what I sound like in microphones in real life
It's so good. You guys like listening to the Lord speak
Yeah
And if I do it without Metatron there to like for so which is what I call my microphone then everybody's ears would bleed
Because it would be so buttery good and beautiful and I don't interrupt when I'm not on microphone
The microphone makes me interrupt people when we say Travis has the voice of an angel
We mean it in a sort of menacing
Yeah way like a menacing through dangerous way and I can't I can't have that on my conscience anymore
No, this is an advice show
We are gonna I want to try to help more people today because I feel like the holidays are coming up
It's good to be of service. I want a very close when this episode we were recording this one well in advance
Yeah, so the holidays are even close like people are gonna think there's a deficit of candlelight spirit. It's not that we're just
Like almost two weeks out. So I recently moved into student house and where I share a flat with 18 people own room
Bathroom slash kitchen are shared. What a giant flat. It's a big
Huge flat. Wait, are you the only one with their own room? Is it 17 people in one room and you?
That's fucked up man
Since I arrived late all the others got to know each other and started little traditions together one being brushing their teeth together every night. Oh
I
Like that actually a lot of people
That's a lie. It would be a loud sound just the sound of 18 brushes going at it. Yeah quite loud
I think it would vibrate the whole building if you're using even the gentlest quip. Yeah, sure. It's been uh,
It's been three weeks and they haven't invited me yet. Mm-hmm. I had a brush. I don't even know how it started
My question is how to get invited to their tooth brushing club
do I ask outright or should I show up without saying anything and that's from at a loss in Amsterdam and
This is PS. There's only two sinks and the group is around eight people. So it will be crowded
Okay, wait a minute
You've changed it with numbers you change this and this is why I don't like numbers
Is that I thought I was following the plot pretty clearly here
But the numbers at the end suggests that this is a rebel. Okay, is it pause?
I wouldn't I want to take a second. Is it possible that this person mistyped the initial 18?
because that is
Quite a lot of people sharing a house. Is it possible?
But then they did specify later the number again, which they had
Yeah, if it's student housing we could be looking at more of like a dorm scenario where it's a large dorm building. Yeah
Two sinks for 18 people. Yeah, I'm just gonna say that's on
That's a lot with the amount of stuff your body makes in a given day that even when you put it in the right
You know holes that go into the ground like the amount of residue
I feel like I've lived with two people two other people before
With two a kitchen sink in a bathroom sink and neither one of them
Was acceptable what's acceptable in the eyes of the Lord or anyone who ever saw it either
You know what this situation reminds me of what's that Trev? It's Terrace House. I always think about this of like the initial six
Always like have time to like bond and do shit together
And then like if you're the next person who comes in and you come in and like so oh you guys do a thing
Oh, okay. Cool. Can I do no no, no, I can't do that. You guys already do the thing
I would be a tradition guy. I would show up and be like I've got I've been watching on TV
And I've got some great issues that I'd love to start with everybody
Yeah, what do you think is the worst-case scenario of you?
just like rolling up when you see them getting ready to do it and you just like bust out your toothbrush carrying case and
You like open it up and you're a simple
Elaborate toothbrush and you start brushing your teeth with them unbidden
Yeah, I mean worst-case scenario is that they all turn and then they take their toothbrushes out and then they stab you with them
Yeah, that's like worse. I guess that's the worst possible thing that could happen just below that
I would say is all eight people stopping their toothbrushing exercise looking at you with a blank expression like
Yeah, what are you doing like that's even worse this is our special perversion
It is what it is. I think that it's weird to think that this perversion of
Wanting to brush your teeth in a group also has the limitation of but don't but not more than eight people or else
It's too wet wild and yucky. Maybe this is an accountability thing
When it's late at night, maybe I'm a little bit I've been having a good time and I'm feeling a little relax party in
Sometimes I want to give I want to cut loose a little bit. Okay, I'm 42
Yeah, so for me that cutting loose may be like, you know, I'll get him in the morning
You know to me just like a little treat to myself like you're already comfy
You got your two race wrist braces on for your carpal tunnel already
Yeah
Your sleep mask with the Bluetooth in it cuz you're like a baby like that needs to be working in the matrix
And maybe I got your super your super sloppy ASMR piped in. Yeah
I got my wet my weighted blanket for my anxiety
Yeah, yeah
I'm not gonna unhook. I'm not gonna disengage from the sweet pot
Yeah, sometimes you lay down your head hits the pillow and then you remember like oh I started there's a load of laundry in
The washer I need to switch it and then you're like, yeah, I'll wash it again in the morning
I'll just I'll just run it. It'll be fine. That stink comes out. The stink always comes out
I think here's what you do next time that all eight of them are brushing you go and brush your teeth in the toilet
I like using the toilet water. Don't be gross, but like they're brushing it looks crowded
You get like a quick rinse and then you start brushing and kneel down
Kneel down over the toilet or standing up looking down into the toilet. That's a really that's a really that's a really good question
Straddling the toilet backwards using the reservoir in the back. Obviously, that's the cleanest water in the whole toilet
I think with 18 people you need to look for every opportunity you can find to stand out. Yeah and being
Maybe you're the one who every time you go into the bathroom to brush your teeth you
stand over the toilet and peer deeply down into the bowl like you are seeing some sort of
Like you're scrying some sort of suspended memory or future
Future vision the hope would be that they would look at you and say like you don't need to do that
Come on yeah, let's get over Jerry, but I didn't want a crowd
There's like 18 or eight of us already in here. Yeah, I just don't crowd you guys
So I'm actually fine in the toilet and then make them want it because they hate
Show off all your elbow room
Yeah, listen guys someone someone's got a brush your teeth in the toilet
We could rotate out if you want, but you're gonna fight me for it. Yeah, I'm I love you guys
I've only just met you much later than you met each other
And I know you guys love each other and don't have that for me
But I love you and so I'm willing to be the toilet one
Yeah, I'll stand on I'll take that cross and put it on and I know you guys ate my wagyu beef admit it
I know you ate my wagyu and now a special wagyu
Did you use oil? You don't have to use oil. It's special fatty wagyu
Hey, we're making a lot of deep terrace house. Yeah, we should move
How about how about a wiki how from the wizard for this one? We got a jack into the computer space
And this one's for gamers is a timely gamer. This is our second gamer
This is another gamer one
Right. We did it wasn't last one about how to shit talk how to shit talking gaming
Well, it's yeah, I mean holiday season is when everybody gets the Xbox from their group from graham graham
The hand me down the Xbox. I've used up it all the noobs. Don't
I've got a I've got a 10-year morrow in to save on there. Don't touch it dipshit
This one's how to create a Pokemon when and and and I think they're talking about the individual monsters not how to create your own
Franchise like how to have the next but this is like how to create your own whole cloth
Imagine yeah
There's already so many of them. Yeah, there's like 900 of these fucking guys and
But that's not for some people not enough
Also, a lot of them aren't don't count a lot of them have only appeared in one game
And then game freak in Nintendo. We're like, that's these are keys guys
Somebody took Pokemon and made my keys and they're like that one's not coming put that one in the Disney vault
We're not gonna do the keys one again. That was this is just a big garbage bag guys Griffin
They're in Pokemon the concept of extinction like this. Oh that Pokemon went extinct. Well, there is right because there's like the
The fossilized ones, right?
Yeah, but then they can just plug them back into a cool machine and then a humanity's blight upon the planet can just be reversed
I just don't know how I'd feel about them announcing one day like well
There's no Pidgeys in this game because they were overhunted to the point of extinction
We fought with them too hard killed them all. Can you blame us?
Okay, so step one
Choose what type of Pokemon you want like fire water grass, etc
Keep in mind that better designs come out of more unique types
For example, there are no poison slash steel types. Really steel steel is immune to poison
I mean one of this article come out this made this. No, I mean it was updated a month ago
So mine will be a psychic poison
Yeah, they rot your mind away
Oh, I do like that. How about this is good
We can kind of polish it up over the course of the question. Justin. What kind of type is your Pokemon gonna be?
Say
This is gonna be a fun bit that Justin does where he pretends like he doesn't know great
That Justin does where he pretends like he doesn't know Griffin just listed off a bunch of them
thunder now
Shock thunder type thunder thunder type emo thunder shock type, which is also my basketball name
Okay
I didn't even want to make that shot
I don't care
Mine's just normal buckets or mine's normal type
Think of something you want the Pokemon to portray ghastly is based on gas. Piplup is best based on penguin
Don't let this limit your creativity. However, a Pokemon like Skarmory is modeled after armor and a bird
Obviously, but there are nuances in its design that aren't over the top and make it look unique yet still like a Pokemon
I think I want to style my psychic poison one after just like a friend who's kind of a bad influence
Okay
So there I mean this would be continuing the grand tradition of
continuing the grand tradition of Pokemon who are
bi-bi-bipedal humanoid sort of yeah
Just just kind of guys just a Pokemon that you really need to justify to your friends a lot before you pull it out
Just like no once you get to know this book. I promise he's he's cool, man
Like it's I know at first it's hard to get to know him, but trust me. He's a good guy underneath all that
He's a good guy
I know when I tap the button on this book
Well, it's gonna look like a dude just comes out of here and that's gonna be fucked up to see
I'm not going to lie to you, but it is important to know it's not a dude. It is a Pokemon
His name is his name is
Ted uh, and um, he does eat human food. Yeah, uh, but he loves it in here
He loves it in these little guys
I watched a tiktok on the McElroy family tiktok channel and it was a clip from a bim bam
And it was uh about pokemon and I watched the whole tiktok and it was just you guys going off
And I kept waiting. I was like, all right
When's jayman gonna bring the thunder?
I mean usually he comes in he's sitting back like a sniper
Yeah, one of those where you waited to the very end to come dunking in like Shaquille O'Neal
I watched the whole tiktok and then it started back over again and I didn't get a hand on that
Uh, maybe you will the next time you watch it. Maybe the second loop
Yeah, you know for the frequency with which we discuss pokemon in this show
It is wild to think only two-thirds of us have any interest in it
And of those two-thirds only one is a passing interest like and what's infuriating to continue this this
Triune venn diagram. Justin actually knows shit about pokemon, but he plays a character on tv that honey
I swear to god. I swear to god to you. I won't pretend I don't that part
I have played them but like you've driven right?
You've driven around. Is there a drive? But when you lived in austin that you made constantly right? Like you've driven past this like
uh
Abandoned pawn shop, you know three times a day. What does it look like? It's like I don't know i've i've
Shuffled that off. I may room for other things. I don't keep it but to
Continue the analogy though. If i'm driving past this abandoned pawn shop, I would look inside and see you
Kind of just like squirreling away little treasures into your into your shirt
And be like, oh justin loves that pawn shop
I paid my daughter to play the new pokemon game. So I didn't have to play it for besties. Thank you
Okay, choose a name for the pokemon justin your excuse from the bay if you want to go no no
No, I want to continue with the bit. I feel bad. I don't have like cool
Cool stuff to say that's all I feel guilty
Well, just take the stuff that travis says and then try to put your own sort of twisted skew. Okay, got it. Yes. Yes. Yes
Okay, my pokemon's name
My psychic poison, uh problematic friend is named doug bader
Because it's a combination of doug and the fact that he likes to debate everybody about everything
Oh, I like that and he comes out and he's just like
Doug bader. Yeah, like what doug bader this dude only says his own name. Oh my god guys guys guys
I'm, so sorry. This is my pokemon doug bader
He got out
Again, I swear to god he loves it in here. He's got a little home gym doug bader. Yeah
I actually have my uh degree in urban planning. I have a master's in it. Oh doug bader doug bader doug bader
What why would you?
I mean nobody has to argue. He's arguing you don't need to insert yourself into this doug bader
He just said that he has a master's in urban plan
Um doug bader doug bader doug bader try what you try what you want the pokemon doug bader to look like
Doug bader just always has one finger up and he's going doug bader. Oh, that's good one moment one moment
Uh, he's like a squished ruffalo kind of like if you take ruffalo
You know how ruffalo is like perfect and you just squished him kind of yeah, you squished him down
Like a ruffalo that's a copy of a copy of a copy of a ruffalo. Multiplicity ruffalo. Thank you
Okay, it's when you squish him down. Does he keep his dimensions the ratio no more like one of those hydraulic press
Once again to reference tiktok videos as you put you put ruffalo in there, but you stopped about halfway down
So there's just a little bit of ruffalo coming out the sides
Don't let it go too far or else ruffalo will momentarily disappear and then shoot up in an incredible ruffalo cone
That is indiscernible for hi guys. We wrapped 1000 rubber bands around this ruffalo. You won't believe what happens next
And ask yourself this do you want the pokemon to evolve or is it a non-evolutionary or legend
No, doug bader never changes
He does not have the capacity to grow
I like that because then in a future generation we can decide to add a pre-evolution of doug bader
That's just called like I mean doug or dougie bader
uh, and then when he
Dougie bates gets old and becomes doug bader and then maybe he has a third evolution where he becomes dr. Douglas bader
Now to reach that point you do have to introduce the rogan stone the rogan stone will force the evolution into dr
douglas bader
Uh think of the moves it can learn
I can help you guys come up with I mean, there's a lot. I mean there's poison tail tail tail tail whip
That's one tail whip. I like doug bader just shakes his little booty
Just shakes his little tushy. I like that
uh
Use mansplain
That could be a psychic type move except it's not one and I would love us to so I can create
A doug bader from whole cloth, but the idea of creating specialized moves irks you the problem is you could create a specialized move
Teach it to pikachu. He becomes godlike like there's one that you could give poke like pikachu a move
That would make him invincible
Use use eat other pokemon god, I wish I'd said a pokemon other than pikachu. I mean, it's just like
Just any other pokemon would have been great here. I'll give you like so much funnier
Why don't I tell you some and then you say some out loud?
We'll get some good takes and then rachel can like chop and screw it so that it sounds like, you know
Good ones so gar chomp gar chomp
Try and try give just yeah, don't say it like you're in a french restaurant trying to get the waiter's attention gar chomp
Pardon me gar chomp
Is this supposed to be room temperature butter because uh
Not loving it. And if the baguettes are not coming soon, uh
Uh lay tip may be affected
Gar chomp, that's good. Um
So this is up in the air bread. Sorry. Say cup holder con con cup holder
cup holder
cup holder
This is good, this is good
This is a play. It's fun in the space. It's good. Okay, I think it's good in here
Let me let me duck my head through this curtain and see if there's anything
Um, it's a pokemon that has cup holders built into it and just walks around with you
And carries your drink
Now can it do hot drinks? I can't hear your sound. Can it do hot drinks justin?
What it can but you can see it wincing
Oh, no
Yeah, that's good and he can pop out of his ball that would be cool too what about like ice chest but it's a
It stores your drink. It keeps hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold
I like the idea of just a cup holder pokemon that pops out and he's like chevrolet equinox
It's like this is my pokemon chevrolet equinox and then doug bader gets in
And drives the other pokemon doug bader. This doesn't make any sense
Um, and he holds up his license doug bader and then the license says
Yeah, yeah, that's good too it's pokemon all the way down do this
Lightning round real quick. If you want extra credit add catch rate to doug bader real quick. Just a number one
Six, okay
gender ratio
Oh a hundred percent
100 male and he's insistent on that. Yeah
Announces it loudly. Yeah. Wow, doug bader is a is a rough customer species name like help for his pronouns
He says i'm all dude
Yeah, that's the worst it's the worst. Okay. Pokedex number 69. Yep. Yeah egg egg groups
What's in this one's you justin how what's the egg group farm raised
Yes
hatch time
Always always a party
Height weight
Um, and then I I guess this last q a it does say can I sell my pokemon ideas to the company?
You can try they may not do anything with it, but it's a good idea to share anyway, so um
I'm open to it by the way
If nintendo is listening and I know they are and they're like, oh I like doug bader challenging
Challenging challenging ideas. I'm willing to sell doug bader for a premium
i'm already having
An anxiety attack thinking about being in a live show and i'm going to look for my uh, uh
A lime scooter to get home on and I run into a listener who's at the show and they pull back their uh, uh
Hoodie to show off their doug bader t-shirt that we definitely sold them
And they look at me with anticipation and I give them the blankest possible. The t-shirt will need to say justin
This is from that time
It was a pit that you did
What can can I get three clean? What are you guys in your head? What is doug? How does doug bader say his own name?
doug bader
doug bader
doug bader doug bader
Bader
I like that one doug bader. Oh, that's what he's like
Playing basketball. Yeah
Then he's emo thunder you guys want to hear another question could come in like mike jones does on a track where he's just like
Doug bader like yells it pretty loud. Yeah, that's or you could do like a jason derulo thing doug bader
Uh, my partner surprised me and packed up all our fall decorations this year
When I asked where the two real mini pumpkins from the grocery store went they responded which pumpkins all of them look fake
Brothers what do I do?
I don't want to undo their hard work, but I also don't want to possibly create a stinky situation for next year not possibly
Definitely. Well, I can't remember if I already threw the real money pumpkins out or not context
There are eight perfectly packed boxes with everything wrapped in newspaper already on the garage top shelf
That's from stinker treat in socal. Wow. Well, oh wait. Okay, hold on reaction. That's a lot of fall time decorations
Good news. Okay
at worst
It's only a quarter of those boxes that will be contaminated
It will not reach beyond if there's one pumpkin in one box and another pumpkin in another box and there's eight boxes
That means six untouched boxes
That's a good point potentially seven maybe both pumpkins ended up in the same box and then it's like
That maybe whatever's in that eighth one who gives a shit
you you raise a good point, but like if you can
So if you can save future you from opening a box of puke like this is what you'll have right?
You'll have like it's already a pain decorations in and out who cares?
But then you open one that's like just vomit and trash
That's that's sad. You don't want or even worse. It could attract pests
And the only animal I know that loves to eat pumpkins is a porco upine
So maybe that could actually be great. You set a little porco upine, uh nest up in the in the oh, yeah
But the infestation will follow
Every every dirty animal loves to get their their paws on
Rotten pumpkins. I feel like that's a big draw
I don't want to disparage your partner here, but i've picked up real pumpkins and i've picked up fake pumpkins
And the difference between the two is noticeable not many pumpkins many pumpkins
Are we talking about the little gourds that are like that small because I think those things last forever
They maybe could hang I feel like the tiny little gourds could hang they have very little juice inside. There's no juice
There's not much pumpkin juice in the little ones if you try to ever eat one of those like a like an apple
Uh, there's not a lot of juice to go around
Have you I think you're good. Did you do that?
My daughter's decorated two pumpkins with like paint and stuff this year
And they're still sitting on our porch because I can't quite puzzle this one out
Can't quite figure it out what to do with these guys. Oh you throw them away
Yeah, but they really like they're really proud of them. Oh, yeah, sometimes though. You got to teach hard lessons
It's true. Take a picture of it. Take a picture
I have to be careful. My daughter made a cat out of trash when she was three and it's still in her
Yeah, that is a good trash cat. Wait, which wait, which daughter?
What well, I mean charlie
Yeah, that was she was three a long time ago
Uh, yeah trash cat's been there a long time and i'm not like he's got a fucking stupid
Diet, dr. Pepper body and a cool whip tub head and I hate him. He's been in my house longer
You know, she he's in the house longer than cooper has it's more trash cats home than cooper's
Does she routinely check up on trash cat to make sure he's still around?
You want to hear some fucking wild slumdog millionaire shit. It's like last year
She had a project where she had to make a recycled toy
And she didn't tell us about it
And then like the morning of she's like, oh I was supposed to make a recycled toy
And guess who was there trash cat and I was like, this is amazing. We're finally I can't believe it
We saved trash cat for a reason but then after that I kind of felt like
It's time for funeral with a friend, you know, like yeah, sure served his part
Like this is what he was put here for his unfinished business. Like where was that?
Where was that character in charlotte's web?
That's like after the pig put the thing in the in the web like wow, that's amazing. Well completed his purpose
I guess wait, why are y'all looking at me like this?
What i'm just saying he put the thing in the web pretty cool. He did it so
But that is charlotte's web. She's like she spins. She makes a picture so good with her ass that she could die
That's it. Yeah, she makes the picture to save
Wilbur right and she does it so good. She's allowed to die
Travis is saying that in this story wilbur gets the blue ribbon and the farmer is like wow damn first place. Great job pig you have
Yeah, you're done now. You did you did what all things can aspire to
It doesn't get better than this
You are now sandwiches
After charlotte kicks it. Do you how long do you think before they're like?
Hey that pig hasn't spun any more webs in a while. You notice that is he done. Can we
can we
stop
His whole thing if that was you just reminded me
Of this wild thing that like a talking animal is one thing but humans who are like god
That's a cool web must have been a cool pig that did it. Yeah, and no one's like some pig in it. It says some pig
He's braggy, but I guess he can he shoots webs out of his ass
Hey, uh wilbur. Listen, some people came by we need you to make another web. Okay, buddy
Nobody believes us, please. It's in six months. You haven't even a single web out of your pig ass, please
I'm just saying he maybe had three months. I've just been big spider ham fans
Maybe that was it. Like I can't believe spider spider ham secret identity is wilbur the pig at our farm
We can't eat this delicious boy
It would have been cool if before charlotte
It goofed wilbur was like real quick before you beef it. Can you just write on a web?
uh, I need hamburgers and then
Then you can die like I like I need hamburgers comma there's gonna be a long one
But what else you gotta do?
You get your kids on it
I need hamburgers comma, and then i'm retiring from web making forever
do you think if do you think he ever had a moment where he's like
Like I don't want to be
Kind of a shithead, but you misspelled retiring. I do need you to get up there and fix this
I don't want them to think i'm a dumb magic pig
I want to think i'm a smart magic and if you could have it on my desk my end of day thursday
That would be just fantastic bad news charlotte
I know it's christmas eve, but pepsico just paid for a branded web and you gotta crank that out by dawn
You're gonna be here with a street team. Jamie kennedy's involved
It's a big cross-promotion, but you got shit out of pepsico. I can't hang out. I'm i'm i'm going uh to clubbing with the paul brothers
Um, so I need to go charlotte, but you you got this right right right. Uh, timbalton will help you or whatever. Bye
Bye
I actually need you to print a redaction to an earlier web. Uh, is that
Something that you're comfortable with or hey charlotte. Um, I got into some trouble with the paul brothers last night
We got up to no good. I need you to write a lengthy apology for me
Uh that I can post on instagram. You could actually spin a picture of the notes app
If you could do that make it look like the notes app in the web, that would be great. I love that
Hey charlotte, I lost it all on crypto. So i'm gonna need you
Every time charlotte spins a web it mines one ten
I don't care what you write. Just keep those coins coming. Hey, we're gonna need to sell your webs as nfts
So if you could just make a bunch of I don't know chimps with hats
Unique webs. Oh your dead art shoot. Hey kids
Hey, baby spiders, you know before your mom died. She told me that her last wish was for you guys to make a bunch of nfts for
How do you how do you what how do you spell I need a laptop out here well, uh, i'll walk you through it
What
What is that comic sans get your shit together spider number six, can I have a name when you earn it
when you earn
Okay, wilbur has written it sees here it says it says thick lady pigs
I guess we have to honor it. I mean he that's what he wants. Was he trying to google search? What was he doing?
Is
Hi everybody. Hello. Hi everybody. Welcome to commercials
Oh the best part the part of the show that it doesn't have as many jokes
Per capita, but it's still there
But you gotta do it
because without commercials
Uncle sam doesn't survive
Uncle sam dies
In his house cold and hungry. That's true
But you know what?
It can be fun, too
Yeah, let's make it fun. If you have a good time with it. It can be fun. Justin's not here because he's has he is on
He's has a diarrhea
He has a diarrhea babble is our first sponsor
And this holiday season if you're looking for a unique gift that inspires curiosity travel and culture
Why don't you give the gift of babble?
And you're probably saying to yourself
That's like a technology
App, how is that going to fit inside of the box? Well, listen, it's 2022
It's not all about boxes anymore
Really? Yeah, sometimes
The best gift of all doesn't come in a box. It comes in your heart and um also
On your on your phone as a subscription to babble think about this you could give someone you care about very deeply
The ability to learn how to say diarrhea in a bunch of different languages
Exactly. And so it's like imagine that it is like a box and then they open it up
And it's like oh you got me spanish
Oh, yeah, that's great. Thanks to babbles fun and easy bite-sized language lessons
You'll finally be able to discover the wonder that comes with learning a new language other language learning apps use
Ai for their lesson plans. Oh, no
It's so gross
To for me to me because why have cyber when you can have the real thing?
Because babble was created by over 150 language experts and voiced by real native speakers
Not cyber
Not cyber not cyber plus babbles speech recognition technology helps you improve your pronunciation
And your accent now that part is cyber. So it's important. There's a little cyber in there
I mean you got a little bit of cyber. It's an applicant. It is still an application after all true true
Sure, right now you can get up to 55 off your subscription when you go to babble.com slash my brother. That's
babbel
Dot-com slash my brother for up to 55 off your subscription babble
language for life
Now I would like to pitch a version of babble if you're listening babble a version of babble
That's just called like a babble real and uh when you sign up for babble real
150 language experts come live with you for a year. Yes, and they just teach you in your house
How to speak every language on earth, they'll feed themselves
Yeah, you have to I mean they'll eat your food you won't have to chew it up
Right, but you don't have to like feed them hand-to-mouth like you have to do with a lot of other language applications now Griffin
I don't know if you know this. It's a holiday season. I do. Yeah. No, I know you did
Okay, and it can get a little bit chaotic and no matter how prepared you think you are now
How much man every year every year it gets to be like the week before and I'm like, oh
I forgot to buy something for Griffin. Yeah every year. I forget to buy something to Griffin. You know what I mean?
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense because you give me a lot of
Like teddy bears. Yeah. Well, I can get those like at the gas station, right?
And it's and I know always that that's what is happening. Yeah, cuz they kind of still kind of smell like gasoline a little bit
On the ground outside and I always say this is gas station, isn't it?
So it's like you're not being particularly clever about it. Yeah, but this year I'm gonna buy you a teddy bear from the gas station
But then I'm going to ship it to you using stamps calm because stamps calm is my one-stop shop
For all my shipping needs and mailing needs and I get access to both USPS and UPS services
So I could send you a gas station teddy bear through both of those and see which one gets there first huge huge for me
Because I can do it right from my computer with no lines, no traffic
No hassle rates are constantly changing but with stamps calm switch and save feature
You can easily compare carrier rates. So you knew you're getting the best deal in real time
So this holiday season trade late nights for silent nights and get started with stamps calm today
Stamps calm for all your gas station teddy bear needs I'm
Jordan crucial of the host of feeling scene where we talk about the movie characters that make us feel see and I'm the show's producer
Marissa Jordan, you've interviewed so many directors actors writers film critics
And I like to play this little game where I take a sip of coffee every time someone says that's such a great question
That's such a fabulous question or they tell you how smart you are
I think that you are rather brilliant. And of course the big one is when they cry unexpectedly. Yes, Jordan
I don't want to cry on your podcast. I wasn't expecting to cry. I mean, it makes me kind of want to cry
Feeling scene comes out every Thursday on maximum fun.org. Listen already. What are you waiting for Jordan? That's such a great question
You
How Lapland here with breaking news on a revolutionary form of entertainment professional wrestling
For more we go to our correspondent Danielle Radford
Professional wrestling is the craze that's sweeping the nation featuring fisticuffs and colorful costumes
But who can help us make sense of this world of body slams?
Lindsay kelk has the answer sources tell us of an amazing podcast called tights and fights
filled with discussions of the absurdity of professional wrestling plus all the sincerity and hilarity that you could shake a stick at
Listen to the tights and fights podcast every week find it on maximum fun or wherever you get your podcasts and your old-timey radio
You
Another question another question. All right, you're the boss
Three years ago. I went to my first candle nights white elephant gift to change at my job. I was gifted a cartoonish
Ten-gallon cowboy hat crafted entirely from Bud Light beer cases
So it's fun. It's cold thinking nothing of it
I re-gifted it to my father-in-law now after the pandemic folks at work are asking about the hat trying to track it down
Apparently was a re-gift fixture of the Christmas parties. Oh, and my boss's boss
misses it
Brothers, it's been three years and I don't even know if my father-in-law has the hat. What do I do?
That's from hatless in Houston. I mean the obvious first answer is ask your father-in-law if he still has the hat
We have to assume that's happened already. No. Yeah, actually we don't there's a lot of I would not
I mean my father-in-law. I don't think I would ask Tommy like you got that hat
I gave you that would be well, there's no fucking way Tommy would get rid of a cool
Bud Light that's true. That's he's a man of taste and distinction. He will be good
I had around now I will say I know I flippantly said just ask your father
But you do run the risk of if the answer is no if your father-in-law is the type of person that's like
gonna one tell you he got rid of a gift you gave him and two does he then feel bad now that you've asked so
You've introduced guilt into the mix as well
Yeah, it's like pay it backward. It's like this is now you're now
This is your burden this guilt that I feel now is also yours. I don't know if it helps you
We're family question asker
I don't know if this helps you but I think it's real messed up for someone to give you a gift and
And like at a white elephant exchange without telling you the context of like and next time you'll pass this on to somebody else
And then just expecting you to assume that
What you didn't know is this cartoonishly oversized 10-gallon hat made out of Bud Light cases is very important to our company
You could tell him actually I gave it to my father-in-law so he could regift it at another party and their party
Doesn't have as much around the holidays. It really means a lot to him. It really meant a lot to help them to have a special
Budweiser hat that they could pass around well
You see I was wearing the hat because I cherished it so much when I was walking by and I saw a burning building and there
Were children inside and I rushed him to save them and the hat valiantly gave its life to protect me from a falling beam
It was actually really sad my father-in-law. I gave him the hat and he gave me
24 loose Bud Light cans that had no container, and it's like that's Christmas. You know that's that's Christmas
I gave it to my father-in-law and he ate it. Can you make a new hat out of whatever the Bud Light cans look
The case looks like now obviously it's gonna be different
But if you bring it in and somebody be like this is a different hat you'd be like yeah
This one's light
This is a light hat. This is an 11-gallon hat. This is Bud Select 11 gallons
This is a much nicer hat. Give this to your boss's boss. Tell him it's a nicer hat in every way
It was featured in Southern Style magazine
Maybe you just go around to everybody in the office and say hey I
Threw away the hat and I'm sorry and here's a $15 gift card to Sheetz
If you do that with everybody. Everyone? What if it's a large company? There's only six people. Yeah, it'll be fine
Yeah, that's a possibility. What?
How do you know that? That's so funny that you asked that
You checked LinkedIn. What? You checked LinkedIn. I interned with the company for a couple summers
Yeah, it was tough. It was a tough environment. Did you ever get the hat?
Ah, did you guys ever see Boiler Room with Vin Diesel? All the time. Fuck yeah
Yeah, it's it was I'm just saying it's a sick flick. Yeah, I've seen it all the time
Yeah, that was when you had you had a pretty long commute, right? Cuz where are they based?
hmm
Where were they based? Yeah
Go ahead say it. Scanlan. Scanlan's. Oh
Oh, that's the good part. Scanlanburg, Maryland
Okay, yeah
And what and what do they make?
Hmm, what do they make? What do they do? They make life easier for a lot of really deserving customers every day
Okay, as long as there's not more than six customers that need assistance. So what's
What specifically did you do?
My what was your day to day life? My job there? Yeah. Yeah, I was the I was the honeycomb guy
I was the guy who would come after they put the honey in the jars
I was like I would come and reclaim the comb and suck whatever honey I could out of it
And then I was a paid position. It was an internship
I mean, but I was paid in honey
So I would suck the honey out of the combs that they couldn't squish out
Yeah, and now those in bottles to sell like discount stores from your mouth to the bottle. I had a
like a dental dam like a
Was there a risk of in there what?
Oh, there's always a risk of bees. Sorry. That's not it's no different from any other job any I could work on a freighter
You know when I was out in Alaska and the crabbing ships and stuff
Yeah, you didn't ask them about bees, but bees were a constant problem
They go on the ship who knows when you're in port at a spooly like flour or y'all
Yeah, sure. Did you guys have a ship's be like they used to have ships cats what?
won't be bees can't live in the ocean if they
If you take a bee in the ocean, it dies
I love Justin how sort of the info you were giving us about your job went from being not specific at all to I sucked
honey
Sucked honey. I would shotgun honey out of the the nest and then spit it into jars to be sold at Dollar General
I found that helpful for me to know what you were talking about. Yeah, I feel like a little context
I didn't they said it was top secret the work I was doing
but
Government safe safe place. What was it government work? I really I've said too much. I've said too much
We should ask another question. That would be ideal. I think
Hey
I want a munch
Baby I want to
Munch bop bop bop bop bop
Welcome munch squad. It's a podcast within a podcast profiling latest and greatest in brand eating and folks. I'm
So excited to tell you we've talked about the subway series if you know this the subway series is not
The the Yankees versus the Mets like that. It's a subway series in New York
This is a subway series that subway does where basically they were like, we're tired of making so many different sandwich
Yeah, here's 12 of them. Yeah, please don't order other things other than this
These are the easiest 12 sandwiches to make we can't teach people how to make 13 fucking sandwiches guys
We're tired. We're tired of this. We're tired of this. So we have we now have
Subway creates footlongs made from cookies, huh?
Huh? Subway the brand this is gonna trip the brand that sells more freshly baked cookies than any other
Restaurant company in the United that can't be true
Now my buy a cookie every time I go to I'm just saying that there's like the great American cookie company where their whole deal
It's cookies. Subway is the number one
Fast food franchise in America. There's more subways than anything else. They're number one
So it would make sense that they sold cookies. They're the number one cookie place, but let's we're getting hung up on
inspired by the Subway series
Signature subs cookie lovers can sink their teeth into four limited edition footlong flavors
Exclusively at cookie way the brand's pop-up restaurant that serves only its fan favorite cookies for so let's talk about
Let's talk about you restaurant a restaurant that sells just the four cookies
First up is the Subway cookie club. Just like the perfect combination of proteins on some ways number 11, which is
Ham roast beef and turkey
but this one has
double chocolate favorites
Just like the perfect combination of proteins the Subway cookie club stacks cookies on I say
protein with a double chocolate cookie base and vanilla frosting then topped with chocolate chip white chocolate macadamia and raspberry cheesecake
cookie chunks rainbow sprinkles and chocolate raspberry sauce the Mexicali
Whoa inspired by the south of the border flavor of the number seven the Mexicali starts with a vanilla sugar cookie based
Smothered in dulce de leche then topped with mole and corn nuts
Drizzled with white chocolate sauce and finished with ground coffee tahini and espresso chips
I think I would I don't you guys that's long enough not being able to see these bad boys
Let me just hook you up real quick. That's a lot. That's a lot of flavors. Yeah, it's a complex cookie experience
It's a lot of flavors and textures
You guys seeing this
Is it loaded for you seeing it no
It also bothers me to think about oh
my lord
Holy shit gang juice are cooking oats
It's a footlong I mean it's a footlong it's a footlong sub it's a footlong cookie sub
Can you describe for the listeners Griffin what they know I can't describe what for the listener I can't at all
It's I mean if I might attempt
imagine
you have a plank of cookie and then
you loaded a bunch of toppings into a cannon and
And from about eight feet away
launched
Said toppings at your plank of cookie and then a man on a 30-foot high ladder
attempted to drizzle stuff on them
This looks like a family double dare challenge in cookie form if I could try if I could try I think it looks like an open
casket funeral for some gorp made by a psychopath
Yeah
Trav look at can you are you able to zoom? Can you see the cookies with any level of specificity? Yes
Okay, I'm actually
You know what? I'm gonna send you I'm gonna put a link to this image in
The in the chat, right? Sorry, so you you can just look at this image because I need you to
Look at this and guess for me what you think is on the number two cookie
Is that the second from the bottom or the second from the second from the top? Oh my lord Justin just looking at it pickles
peanut butter
potato chips
Strawberries
bacon crumbles bacon crumbles, of course
sour cream
That's marshmallow cream on top of a vanilla sugar cookie base topped with salty potato chips savory bacon crumbles and Subway's brand-new
dill pickles
Lordy Lou bringing together two of Subway's most iconic menu items footlong subs and Subway cookies was the only way
We could top our celebration of National Cookie Day from last year when we opened the first cookie way says Paul
Who works at Subway?
We wanted to give Subway fans even more cookie to love with flavors and ingredients that are just as craveable as the sandwiches
They're inspired
Do you think these are just as they may be just as craveable as a place that that when people said?
That's not tuna all of America said. Yeah, that sounds right
Tracks three out of four of these have things jammed on top as
Though a Subway City Council decided they were sick of people taking naps on these
Yeah
These are brutalist pigeons. Oh, yeah
This is these look like they're designed to challenge you to try to figure out how to eat them
I find within myself a boiling anger
Witnessing these we can't feed everybody in this country, but we're gonna do this
We'll just have these benches these edible benches
These look like if all six of our children were let loose in a Subway cookie
Factory and given complete reign to do whatever the fuck they wanted. Yeah, and they started on cookie
Number one looking for a cookie they'd eat and by cookie number four
They were like, we're gonna force our parents to eat these that it'll be funny as shit
Like the thing you would dare little Greg to eat at the lunch table for $5 that five of your friends pulled
$1 in to get him to eat this mess
Oh
God what a wreck. Thank you so much for listening to our program
We hope you've enjoyed yourself and had a lot of fun and you're having an you know, you're staying
Festive in this and well, we're we're you know starting to honor candle lights
I don't know if you are in your heart and coming around it to speaking of
Whoa, this Saturday is our candle nights virtual special
It's December 17th at 9 p.m. Eastern Time video on demand is available through January 2nd
and tickets are on sale now bid.ly slash candle nights to 0 to 2 candle lights 2022 and
All proceeds from that go to benefit Harmony House in our hometown of Huntington, West Virginia. That's this Saturday. Do not miss it
It's listen
we have
Staffing people and they've witnessed many a candle lights over the years and they're like this one might be the funniest one yet
Whoa, hell. Yeah
Wow, so
Take that haters
Sorry haters
People who work for us says it's good
People whose jobs depend on us liking them say it's good
Yeah, not everybody calls their employees staffing people because they forget the word employee. Yeah
I'm conventional business. We ride racers scooters around the office and some of them look like tiki huts
It's not a desk. It's a beanbag
Let's go down to the think-tank staffing people
Pre-order perks for the adventure zone 11th hour graphic novel are live that book comes out February 21st
2023 which is coming up quite soon really good book
It's a really really good book you can go to the adventure zone comic.com to pre-order and use can submit your receipt at bit.ly
11th hour pre-order that's spelled out not the numeral 11 to get a lenticular sticker featuring art from the book
It's it's a Travis hates lenticular material, but I love how cool this sticker looks
It looks cool because it feels like hell feels bad to touch for Travis
Also, we got some new merch up in the merch store over at McElroy merch calm
There's a besties ornament designed by Evan Palmer
There's candle nights mug that has been on there before we've restocked that also 10% of all merch proceeds this month
We'll go to Harmony House. We also still have
ornaments available the shrimp angel ornament at Bureau balance symbol metal ornament and candle nights ornament all designed by Bree Paulson all at
McElroy merch calm and
Thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
Check that song out and all of Montaigne's other songs every single one of them is equally amazing
Yep, no stinkers
No stinkers in the mix. We'd tell them to we would tell them for sure
We have that kind of relationship. We'd say listen, you got to polish up the drums on track eight
Do you do you want to hear something that I've been thinking about for a while?
Yeah. Oh, yeah wisdom like a little wisdom nugget. Yes, give me a wisdom nugget
When
When God when you open your heart to the possibilities of the universe
You can
Never
keep out
Demons the demons from getting in
Okay, just something to think about is
actionable advice in there
Open hearts and open minds sound great until the demons get in there
That's just something to think about and I'm not saying don't have an open heart and open mind
But always be on the lookout
Get ready to bust some demons if they do try to get in there
My name is very real. They're very real. Oh, these are literal demons. I'm just
I'm Travis. I made up movie. No one can fight a demon. I'm Griffin McElroy
This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
