The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Miners. Nope, nope. See, you said you got it. You didn't have it, did you? I do have it because
it's it's it's the two year anniversary. Is it the day of? It is close. You're doing like when
you do Disneyland's birthday where it's like the entire year. This year, all year, we're
celebrating the second year anniversary of the Chilean mining. I don't think you can do that.
I think I feel like our listeners can can chart like when there's no big news stories or big
movies coming out like, ah, here come the here come the miners. I wish I wish it was that simple
because then we would have gotten them out with the release of Captain America and they would
have only been in there for like 45 days rather than 69. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, October 13th,
right? It's just around the seas, just around the court. That was the day. Hey, do you guys have
your Halloween costumes picked out yet? I'm a fifth of Christmas. Christmas just around the
corner now. Yeah. Well, the fifth of August is when they get it got in. Oh, I see. So we're
celebrating. We're celebrating the two year anniversary of them getting trapped. Yeah,
we're celebrating entry day, not Emergence Day. Oh, no, forget that. Right now we're celebrating
the the two year anniversary of when they went in in two weeks. We'll celebrate the two year
anniversary of when America kind of lost interest. Yeah. And then in like in 70 days, we'll celebrate
America getting back into it again in a big, big way. You know, day one, they probably didn't know
that they're that their shit was so, so fucked, right? They probably thought that they were going
on another fun spelunking adventure. Right. But I think around day three, the shine sort of came
off the apple. It's just like camping, isn't it? You know, they're so nice to be back in nature or
in this case, a lightless oxygen. But there's even less threat of bears, right? Well, except
for underground bears. Exactly. Fossil bears, bone bears. Yeah. So so this is our advice to
to the slay miners really savor savor this time. It's your time. You earned it because this is an
advice show. After all, it's an invite to call my brother, my brother and me. And I am the oldest
mining brother, Justin McElroy. I'm the middle. I don't mind things. Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin
McElroy. I'm playing Minecraft right now while we record the show. So if I don't if I'm not paying
attention, it's because of the Minecraft little known fact. Griffin is the canary of my brother,
my brother and me. If he if he dies, then we know that the air has become toxic and we have to stop
doing the podcast. Oh, I think we all know I'm not going to be the brother that dies first.
Which brother is the brother that died? One, one, two, three. Travis, Justin. Yeah. See, I was going
to say Griffin and now we're all split. OK, I know that you have a weak constitution. Yeah. What
if we do a murder murder suicide pact? Yeah. Well, who's the suicide? We're all going to live up to
that. I mean, if you guys need me to kill you, I would kill you. Unfortunately, we're booked on
sponsors for the next couple of months, so we can't off ourselves yet. But maybe. OK, great. Maybe
after that we can kill ourselves. Maybe. Oh, for sweeps. For podcast sweeps. For podcast sweeps.
Hey, have you guys listened to me? Super good. They're going through some radical changes,
both personally and professionally. It's a big departure, literally. Here on my brother,
my brother and me, we take your queries, we turn them alchemy like into wisdom and let's get to it.
Our first question on and off for a year now. I have been sexty texting. That's a gray zone
between sexting and flirty texting a fella. The other day he told me that he has been engaged
for about four months. Am I good? Should I stop or can I continue and leave the moral ambiguity
in his court? That's from Gmail. There there is no middle ground between regular texting and sexting.
There's no there's no four plex thing. There's no there's no next thing. You're just you're either
doing it or you're not doing it. It sounds like you're doing it. I'm also going to throw out here
not to pass judgment. There's not a lot of moral ambiguity here. Yeah, I would say it's pretty
pretty morally black and white here. We're desperate for slivers of light to help you
shimmy out of, but first of all, sweet, sweet life giving water down. I do agree that it's I mean,
it's on him, you know? Well, I mean, no, but I'm saying the previous bad is on him.
Future bad is on both of you. Yeah, yeah. Fool me once, then that one's on that one's on me. Fool
me twice for four months after you've been engaged. That's no good, dog. Yeah, that's not. Oh, man,
this is a tough putt. I can I know you're I understand you're invested in this. It is so much
as you can be invested in a relationship with your thumbs, but which is a lot. It's a lot more than
you would think. Yeah. I mean, look at Billy Mitchell. But I think that this is a good time
for you to make your egress from this situation. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a great word for it.
Situation. That's the thing is like there is no end to this. That's not messy. It has. You have
been you have been foisted against your will into a situation. Yeah. I'm an messy, messy, messy
situation. And I would say even outside the moral ambiguity, like, get out of it because you're
better than that. Like, this is an engaged dude that, you know, he's taking out all of his, you
know, whatever fear of the future with his fiance with you. He's using you. If you're in for like
the excitement of a good sext, like maybe start sexting your bank, you know. Now that that sex
the sex, the time and temperature line at your bank so that you don't have to, you know, you
don't have to deal with that, that moral shadiness. You can still get your still get your, you know,
your rocks off. Do you think that just like they're like phone sex lines, that there are
phone sex lines that people are working on where you can like sex something and they sex you back
and but it's just a little bit. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's all all computer generated.
You know, it's true. Oh, you are fine. You're completely texting with a robot that is learning
and adapting and you're texting their uncanny valley. Right. Execute yourself from this
situation. Also, just to clarify something, if you find out that someone is engaged, the gray zone,
if it ever existed between flirty texting and sexting completely disappears. If you would not
show it's like, you know, it's a sin if you wouldn't do it in front of Jesus. Like if you
if the fiance would look at what you guys are doing and say and get infuriated, then that's
that's cheating. That's sexting. And this guy, I think, knows exactly what he's done. If it's
taking him four months to tell you that he's engaged. Yeah. And he you're too great. That's
what I'm saying. He's begging for you to help. Guys are stupid. He's begging for you to help him
get out of this because he he sees no solution. He's like he's like a rat in a maze. He's he's
begging for you to lead him, lead him to daylight, which you can do and save face and be totally
cool. And more importantly, like feel good about it in after the short term sort of bummer. You
will look back on the situation, think, gosh, Darlene, you were really responsible there. And
and that's pretty great of you. And I think this is just like any situation when somebody is like,
I really like this girl, but she's dating this guy. They're really unhappy. They're probably
going to break up. You don't want to be the catalyst that makes anything happen here.
It puts way too much pressure on you. And you don't want you don't want Joey Greco kicking
down your door, taking your phone and throwing it into the street because he'll do it. That's
his new thing. Is that his thing? I haven't seen that thing yet. It's called e-cheaters.
And actually, you'll get a text from a number you don't recognize saying, gotcha, bitch.
And then he takes your phone, he throws it in the street and yells cheaters.
Then he zooms in on it real close. I mean, this all, all of our advice right now sort of precludes
the like, we can't account for the possibility that the fiance is like the worst person on earth
and he really needs to leave her. But it goes back to what Travis said. If that is the situation,
he needs to leave her and then get back in contact with you. Like you don't he should have done that
from in the first place. And and you need to let him sort of get his situation sorted out. It may
be that you're his special one and he's your special one, but he needs to be a grown up in
that other relationship first. And then and then you guys can can go back to whatever weird thing
you're doing that didn't exist when I was your age. Hey, you want to Yahoo to wash the palette of
weirdness out of our mouth? Yeah. This Yahoo is not that our not that our dear listener is weird.
The guy's weird. Yeah, everything. Everything. Everything is weird. This one was sent in by
Emily Smith Dicks. Thank you, Emily. Don't lie. That's a woman's name. Okay. Sorry. Try again.
Emily Smith Dicks asks Justin, I won't not this time. Not this third time that you say it. I won't
I will not giggle. Thank you, Emily. It's by Yahoo answers user like IDK who asks,
starting a Jedi braid. So I am planning on growing a Jedi braid. And I know it is behind
the right ear. But IDK exactly where is it right on the bone? But should I let the let it grow on
its own or put extensions on it till it is long enough to be braided? And then he's included a
picture of you and McGregor with the braid. And you're assuming this is a guy asking this question?
I'm assuming I'm assuming as much if it's I think if a lady Jedi has a braid, it's it's
it's just a braid. Here's the number one thing and I and I tell this to people so often and they
never listen. But it is key and it's gonna feel uncomfortable. You can't wash it for the first
Mm hmm. Three to four months. Just let your natural hair oils. It's really not about growing
a piece of hair so much as it's about just letting your spirit sort of become unchained
from corporatism. It's a it's a it's a commitment to the Jedi lifestyle. Right. And your own
spiritual oneness like just don't wash it. Your hair naturally wants to grow you a Jedi braid.
You've got to let that happen. What a lot of people don't know is they think that that is hair,
but actually it's an extension of the brain growing externally through the skull. No,
it's not that it's now that I'm almost certain it is. I know a lot about both Jedi's and science,
you guys. But a lot of people really don't know is that you also got to just let that
just let that Bush go crazy. Jedi Bush. That is a Jedi style that a lot of people a lot of people
don't know about. Old Obi Wan Kenobi. It was like the it's like the forests of Dantooine down there.
You want it to be so whack down there that when you drop your pants,
everyone in the room says, that is not what I'm looking for.
That is not the Bush I'm looking for. Thank you. I that situation is not in any way what I'm
looking for. So you've got to have a braid down there. And you said that jokingly, but you know
it's braid. Mm hmm. Which you know what that means. Jedi can't wear shorts. What's that coming out?
What is that thing at your knee, dad? Oh, no. Do you want to go to the desert planet? Fuck. Again.
Fuck. Just put on some cargos. You'll be fine. I can't. Stupid braided Bush. It's not only that
it's not only the worst look, right? It's the worst explanation of a look that you can. I think
if I had this thing, I would rather say, oh, it's a rat tail. I just honestly was just thinking of a
rat tail. I have a rat tail because I'm a dirty boy, which I think is better than, oh, it's my
Jedi braid. I'm at the academy. It's an unrated. It's an unrated Jedi braid. Can we start calling
rat tails, lazy Jedis? That's basically what it is. If you braided that up, you would have you
would be one with the force. But instead, you're just going to watch. Here's the thing about the
rat tail, though, and the difference between the Jedi braid and the rat tail is it's like you said,
you know, it's a really unattractive look. The rat tail, you know, really help if I just took it
90 degrees to the left. Yeah. You know, like, why is putting something on the side off like,
hey, man, fear leads to hate, man. Hate leads to anger, buddy. Do you know?
Don't do this thing. You're thinking I'm doing. Are you a Jedi? Because I will assure you that
in the in the wide pantheon of the Jedi lifestyle, that's dumb hair thing is pretty low on the list.
Yeah. Like all the OB wasn't even rocking it. There are several other steps that are more
important to the Jedi life. Yes. Windu didn't have a dumb braid. Mr. It didn't have any hair
except for the bush. Is that is the policy that you only have it when you're Patty one?
I think that's I think that's what it is. Is that the thing by like 900 years old that that Yoda
just had like the most rock and bush? I imagine Yoda was half bush under there.
60% of his body mass was bush. Well, just put it this way. If he fell forward,
he would bounce like a gummy bear. It's complete. It's complete. But spring really well groomed.
It's like a fucking topiary. It's beautiful. I can't wait for Star Wars 3D. We're finally
going to get the kind of depth that we need to finally peep that bush. It's going to look like
you're buried in an avalanche. It's going to be amazing. Oh, guys. Chewbacca. He's like all bush.
We didn't even think about that. I guess he's not a Jedi, though.
Hmm. Tricky. Let's how can we make this joke work for us? He is a dog. Do they let dogs be Jedi's?
I don't see why not. They seem like a pretty inclusive organization.
Hey, my issue. This person. I like this person. They get right to it.
My issue is whether or not I'm dating this girl. So full stop. Full stop.
So it's for two months now, this girl now and I have been seeing each other once a week.
But when we hang out, it's usually outside somewhere, really just chilling. My problem is,
I can't figure out whether we're dating or not. Some of my friends say no, this isn't. Some say
we are. I really like this girl a lot. If this is considered dating, then I think I'll make a move
to further our relationship. Thanks, brothers. I look forward to hearing your guys' advice on this.
That's from Gmail. If you don't know, you probably aren't at this moment.
Once a week is a lot, though, isn't it?
I mean, it's a lot.
Yeah, but here's the thing. No offense, question asker from Gmail. You don't give us any context
to what this once a week hanging out is. It could be like a study session.
No, it is outside.
So they play Ultimate together. They're on an Ultimate team.
They could be sitting in the quad playing guitars for money.
That's right, Travis. They could be buskers.
They could be troubadours.
They could be gardeners at a mansion. They could be farmers outside together.
These are all out. They could hang glide together, tandem.
Maybe one of them is a hang glider. Maybe one of them is a statue.
The other one sits under the statue. This email comes to us from a hang glider.
You dummy.
Hey, this is weird. A hang glider is that thing you use to hang glide?
What do you call a person who does it?
Hang glidest.
Hang gliderino. This is why you just got to ask.
You just got to escalate. If you don't escalate, how are we supposed to?
You're not going to know unless you try to escalate.
Halfway between escalate and just ask, you'll find a little thing called escalate.
That's what you got to do. You got to escalate this.
Let's break this down mathematically.
Two months, once a week, you've been on eight dates, hypothetically, right?
If by eight dates, you have not done some kind of physical contact, hand holding, a kiss, something,
you're not dating, but you're not dating, right?
I'm saying there's been no indication to you. There's been no physical contact,
no flirting, making plans for the future. What are we going to do in two weeks?
Maybe there is physical contact.
I mean, maybe there is physical contact.
He just didn't say whether or not there was physical contact.
They might be doing like mad butt stuff. They might have jumped right to butt stuff.
If you're doing just all kinds of butt stuff, you're dating.
You're dating, right?
You're either dating or you're a real tramp.
Should we specify the stuff?
Like butt stamping.
Moon landing.
Diapers.
Lassoing it.
Lasso butts.
Booty chews.
Booty chews.
Did you say booty chews?
Beetle juice.
Beetle juice, booty chews.
Moon chews.
Spankerinos.
All of that.
Upside down noogies.
The Chilean miner.
Like whatever.
All that stuff.
I've been dating you for 60 days.
Okay.
Who got eliminated on Idol?
If you guys have not had any physical contact, I'm going to pass judgment and say that you're not dating.
If you have, then you're really bad at missing cues and you are dating and it's time to escalate.
Either way, you got to escalate it because one of two things will happen.
Either they'll say, no, we're not dating.
Okay.
That's good.
That wraps that situation up.
Would you like to go on a date?
We could do that together.
We seem to enjoy each other's company.
That is a thing that could happen physically.
And then, you know, if it turns out you are dating, you might look a little foolish, but she's already into you.
Yeah.
It is a no-loss scenario.
And if you're together forever, then any one thing that you do doesn't matter in the fullness of time.
Right.
Exactly.
Maybe it's possible she's wondering the same thing.
I know it's scary.
Or maybe she's not.
She might not be.
Or maybe she's not. She might not be wondering that because she's a scarecrow.
It turns out she is a scarecrow.
She is.
I was looking for a geocache.
I found it inside of her and we struck up a conversation.
We've been talking ever since.
Ever since.
But geocaching.
That's another one.
Butt-caching is what you're looking for.
Guys, speaking of butt.
And doing the dirty scarecrow.
This yahoo is sent in by Brynn. Thank you Brynn.
It's by yahoo answers user Kayla who asks, help me with my butt problem.
Oh no.
Well, this may sound quite awkward in some ways.
But I tried to squeeze my butt cheeks as hard as I could.
God.
And now my butt is really sore.
Oh.
Is this some kind of exercise or did I hurt myself?
Butt kegels.
I really like that our sort of world is at a point right now that someone could A,
accidentally do exercise.
B, be terrified at the consequences of said exercise.
C, not be able to identify whether or not exercise had in front of her.
Oh, is this exercise?
What a possible world.
Explain to me why one would squeeze their butt cheeks together as hard as they could
that wasn't exercise.
Maybe they were trying to figure out what exercise.
It's like backing into exercise.
I don't know any exercise.
Literally.
I'm going to do things.
Yeah, I want to do things until they hurt.
And then I'm assuming that will have exercised me.
I will say this, though.
From the first half of the question, I squeezed my butt cheeks together as hard as I could.
I was expecting so many worse things that now they're sore.
Like I think that the question askers to be happy that they're just sore.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not like I pulled something and now I'll never be able to poop again.
I mean, from help me with my butt problem.
There are so, so many other butt problems you could have that would be worse than this.
I think we can agree.
You got off pretty easy here.
Yeah.
Pretty light as far as butt problems go.
You could have like fused them together permanently.
That is not a thing.
That's true.
Justin, that's true.
Yeah, they call it sphere butt.
When Amelia Westves made that nerd have sphere butt.
Did you guys hear about that when Mitt Romney in school taped that kid's butt cheeks together?
When he got detention.
But the other guys on the wrestling team cheered him on the whole time.
He's under just so much pressure from his dad, I guess.
But also Mitt Romney can put on lipstick with his boobs.
Mitt Romney eats sandwiches with cereal on them.
What's up with that?
It's craziness.
That story about Mitt Romney doing that thing, I think was terrible.
Pretty much the worst.
Pretty much the worst.
I would say that we're probably none of us are proud of everything we did in high school.
Are you apologizing for Mitt Romney right now?
No, I wanted to make a broader point.
And that's what that when you guys heard the story was anybody else sort of disappointed
that the end of it wasn't and then he turned out to be the Joker.
Like it reads very origin story.
Oh, like the kid that he punished.
Exactly.
He teased.
The kid that he teased turned.
And then as it turns out, he was some butt.
Oh, you're saying like Paul Harvey, like the rest of the story.
Exactly.
And it turned out that was Obama.
And as it turns out, it was Obama, right?
And now you know the rest of the made up story.
It was Muammar Gaddafi.
Who knew?
I was just disappointed.
I like narrative arcs.
I was disappointed it didn't pan out that way.
It turned out he was just just hazing some poor kid.
But I thought it would be cool with the poor kid.
And this seems like a pretty good open window.
Now the poor kid like got psychic powers and burned down his high school during the prom.
Something like that would be great, which I think you were referencing.
I don't know, Carrie, but I really wanted you to be referencing zapped or zapped again.
I was referencing zapped again.
You were?
And they all perished in the fire.
Is that how zapped again is?
Yeah, it's not a very good movie.
Yeah, it sounds like a really good movie.
You know, I'll let you be the judge.
What?
OK, so imagine this scene.
You're this child's mother.
You walk in on your child, squeezing their butt cheeks together.
Are they are they?
He was trying to fly.
You ever see that movie, Boy Who Could Fly?
This is about that's what it is.
If you push hard enough, the force just lifts you off the ground.
Do you think that they were just sitting there and they were struck by a fancy like,
Oh, I know what I'll do or that's a time to kill.
Do you think they really prep for this?
You think they put on some sweat bands maybe and got ready to really and maybe left school
a little early to give themselves plenty of time to squeeze their butt cheeks
before their parents got home?
Excuse me, teach.
Can I spend today's class standing?
I am I'm going for a world record this afternoon.
I'm in training.
I'm in training.
I need zero butt pressure until it counts.
I need it.
I need it to feel like like a popped bubble wrap underneath there.
Just like soft and pliant.
Please don't mind the doughnut.
This is training.
This is my training doughnut.
That's right, Sydney.
I don't have hemorrhoids.
This is training doughnut from my butt squeezing.
This is really unfortunate because this probably is a little kid.
Can we get 16 or older for the Internet, please?
Can we can we get a license?
When I have kids, they're going to do dumb shit because I did dumb shit and like I don't
want them going and telling the Internet about the dumb shit that they did.
Better question.
I mean, honest to God, if I had a kid right now, if I had like a 14 year old son and I
was like, what are you going to do today, son?
He was like, well, I'm going to go in my bedroom and squeeze my butt cheeks together.
So I was like, OK, have a great day.
Like I wouldn't stop.
But don't never tell anybody.
Yeah, but go to town.
I mean, it's your life.
I'm not going to tell you what to do.
I'm not the boss of you.
You're never going to know how your body works until you do these kinds of brave experiments.
Just trying to break your butt.
Just don't let your kids on the Internet.
People are just throwing trebuchets of dicks at them.
And like they're just tweeting all of the horrible dumb kids stuff that they do.
Don't let it happen to your kids.
What exactly was the advice that this person was asking for, by the way?
They just wanted to know if this was some sort of exercise.
I'm going to go ahead and say, yeah, you can probably increase the best kind of exercise.
Your butt resistance.
If you can get to a point where you can pick up a pencil with your butt cheeks,
you're a god among men.
I'm at the landing strip.
That doesn't sound extremely difficult.
One step away from being able to pick up singles with your butt.
OK, well, then let's say pick up the pencil and sign your name with it.
Oh, that's incursive?
Well, of course, or else it doesn't count.
We have a lot of sponsors lined up this week for the Money Zone.
I'm excited to get there.
But as long as we're talking about Yahoo Answers, I wanted to draw to your attention.
It's rare that we follow up on questions here at My Brother, My Brother and Me.
But you'll remember last week we heard from a young man named Geof
who had some trouble with his step-dad Ron and used a dog to send messages to him.
And I wanted to just thank Drew M.G. on the Maximum Fun forums.
He went and unearthed another question from Geof that I don't think we need to address.
Yes, but it does help to color in the story a little bit more.
Can we? No, let's.
I haven't read it.
Let's get into it.
You haven't read it?
Well, Griffin, can you read it?
Because I don't think it's legal for me to read a Yahoo Answer.
I don't think it is you.
Let me see.
Oh, shit.
Oh, thank you, Drew M.G. so much.
Geof asks, can my step-dad legally ground me?
I got in trouble and my step-dad Ron grounded me.
Can he legally ground me if he is only my step-dad?
And also, does lying make you stupid?
My step-dad Ron caught me lying and called me disingenuous.
I don't think that lying make you stupid.
I see celebrities who lie all the time and they are famous.
I know it's wrong.
I was just wondering if anyone else thinks it makes you stupid.
I would watch a series of movies about just the relationship between Geof and Ron.
I was just thinking, how is it that Shit My Dad Says is a TV show
and I don't have step-dad Ron and his stupid steps?
Step-dad Ron knows best.
It's like we can watch their relationship develop, right?
It's like, I have this new step-dad.
I stepped out of line.
Can he legally ground me?
Because I don't know.
This is a new scary situation for me.
I'm growing up so fast.
Please help me.
I'm Geof.
And then a couple of days later, he lies to him and he says,
I'm having a hard time making this relationship work.
Does lying make you stupid?
I don't know.
Please help me.
Am I going to become stupid?
And then a few days after that, he asked if he can write messages to his dad on his dog
without making him sick.
In fact, becoming actually pretty stupid.
It's like a whole narrative.
Through Yahoo Answers.
Yahoo Answers, it's the first Yahoo Answers exclusive sitcom.
Oh, Christ.
Well, I don't know what to tell Geof and Ron, but I hope they keep on trucking
because they've certainly filled my life with a lot of joy.
But you know what they haven't filled my life with?
What's that?
Money.
Griffin, who's the first person taking us to the Money Zone this week?
Today, we have WednesdayWolf, whose art you can see at WednesdayWolf.com.
It is, they sell fucked up watercolor paintings.
I have seen these paintings.
I can indeed confirm.
They are pretty fucked up.
But man, there's some awesome ones just right at the top of the page there with Chewbacca
and Yoda and like, they're awesome.
There's a Mario looking more like a human pubis than he ever has before.
But the paintings are really neat and they would look good on a wall of an apartment
or a bathroom or a nursery of a child that you want to just ruin.
Yeah, just for life.
Yeah, but go check it out.
It's WednesdayWolf.com.
I think you're going to like what you see unless you're prone to nightmares.
Day nightmares.
Daymares.
If you're prone to daymares, stay away.
But otherwise, you should get to WednesdayWolf.com.
There's some Pokemon too.
Some really scary Pokemon.
Holy shit.
They've even got my favorite Pokemon, Ghastly.
He looks horrifying.
He looks horrifying.
He looks ghastly, quite literally.
But it's awesome.
You guys got to go take a look.
WednesdayWolf.com.
Just type it in your browser.
Don't think about it.
Justin, tell us about our next sponsor.
The M Submargin Fletch.
If you haven't heard of them, you can go to them.org.
And they're a creative group that spends their time making absurd, this is a quote,
absurd situational photographs to entertain their audience.
They've made some pretty fantastic stuff in the past.
I appreciate, especially Intellectual Dogfight, that features two dogs playing Scrabble,
which makes me really happy.
But they're doing a new series, a sci-fi influenced series called Intergalactic Expansion,
for a show they're going to do in Vienna.
But, and they need your help to make it happen.
You can find the link to this Kickstarter at themps.org.
And if you look at the one photo that they have already put up, if it doesn't make you happy,
I don't know what will.
Your heart has been replaced with a hard lump of hatred.
But you can go and kickstart them.
I'm most excited about a limited edition signed IMPs calendar, good for the year 2022.
Now hold on, they're giving away a limited magician?
Griffin, as you should know by all of our associations with magicians,
they are by definition unlimited.
Okay.
But yeah, you can go to the mps.org and you'll find a link to their kickstart Intergalactic Expansion.
They're going to put the show on in Vienna,
but they will send you cool stuff for helping them to get it mounted.
And it looks fantastic.
And I support more cool things going into the world.
So go check it out.
Speaking of looks fantastic.
Once again, this week, we're sponsored by Mob Rules Games,
the makers of Haunts of the Manson Macabre.
They're working on the Kickstarter.
It's going great.
They've raised about, I would say almost about $11,000 so far.
So they're almost, you know, close to halfway there.
And we're seeing a lot of people go and donate and leave a comment saying that MBMBAM sent them.
So great.
Thank you, guys.
For those of you, maybe you missed a couple of weeks or anything.
Let me read you the description real quick so that you know what you're missing out on.
Manson Macabre is a turn-based horror game that allows you to play either side of the haunting.
So you can either be the explorers or the denizens haunting the house.
We they spent so far $42,000 on development,
and they just need another $20,000 to see it through to completion.
Mob Rules Games believes that transparent business practices are vital to earning your trust
and will make your budget, expenses and sales and schedule publicly available.
So every single thing they do, you can go and see.
There's no, you know, hidden agenda.
There's it's completely transparent.
Every $5 that you pledge earns you a copy of the game.
So if you give $5, then you get a free copy of the game whenever it comes out.
If you donate $25, then you get five copies of the game to give to your friends or,
as they encourage you to do, sell it.
You can sell it and make some extra cash off of your $5.
I think it's one of the best marketing tools ever to say, hey, pirate our stuff.
Don't pirate.
Don't pirate.
No, no, no, no, no.
Pay for it.
Profiteer.
Profiteer.
Thank you.
And their goal is-
Highway robbery with our stuff.
Highway robbery their stuff.
Their goal is to get it out in time for Halloween this year.
So there's, I believe, about another 30 days or another 45 days left in their Kickstarter.
So make sure you go check it out.
It's mobrulesgames.com.
They have links there to the Kickstarter.
So make sure to go check out their stuff.
It looks amazing.
It's kind of Edgar Allan Poe-inspired Edward Gorey stuff.
It looks awesome.
So make sure you check it out.
mobrulesgames.com.
Last up in the money zone this week is Travis.
Hit me.
Well, it's a little TV show pilot called Don't Take This the Wrong Way.
People are still watching TV?
I know.
It's amazing, right?
It's just Everybody Loves Raymond Again.
That's the only TV show I know of.
It's basically like Everybody Loves Raymond Again, only better if you can believe it.
And it's a pilot developed by Craig Lewis and Matthew Chandler.
They're friends from college.
They've worked together since 2002.
And so basically they're working on this show.
They describe it as a combination of The League, which is a show on FX,
and a younger half hour version of Men of a Certain Age.
Men of a Younger Age.
Men of a Certain Age.
That's not the age that the men are on the show.
Maybe Men of a Funnier Age?
Men of a Younger More Accessible Age.
Men of an Age where there are fewer jokes about prostate cancer.
All their boners still work.
More jokes about iPods.
I had to go to my doctor.
He put his finger on my butt and found an iPod.
Cool.
Men of a Younger Age.
Kickstart it.
They've been working on the script for a couple years now, and they've reached a point where
they're ready to film it.
And they want to just grab that bull by the horns and wrestle it to the ground and film
that whole process.
Fuck that bull.
Fuck that bull.
So basically, you know, they just need $18,000 for development, shooting, post-production.
Indiegogo.com forward slash wrong way is where you can see a clip with the guys.
You can hear a little bit about more about the show.
And this is very exciting.
If you mentioned my brother, my brother and me, okay, and not, and I can't stress this
enough, not Jordan, Jesse Goh, my brother, my brother and me.
If we bring more people into their, into their donor pile, then they're going to-
Their writhing pile of donors.
Their writhing, nightmarish pile.
Their daymarish pile of watercolor donors.
Watercolor donors is an awesome band name.
Yeah, by the way, it is, then we will get into an episode, a mention of us, some oblique
reference that only people who enjoy our program will appreciate.
Right now, across the internet globe, Jordan and Jesse are talking about this show.
Right.
And they're great and all, but we're, we're killing it.
They're phoning it in.
We're killing it.
So we need you guys to go and prove that by mentioning us more than them so that we can
get in the episode and not them.
Again, it's Indiegogo.com forward slash wrong way.
Go support those guys, but most importantly, help get us into something, but even more
importantly, keep Jordan and Jesse from getting into something.
Just help us crush our friends, Jordan and Jesse.
Help us crush our foes in opposition.
Uh, so anyway, that is all.
Those are all our sponsors this week.
Unless I'm mistaken, Griffin, um, that is a song you are going to weave together to craft
together.
I'm so fucking angry right now.
So let's see.
You got to get, uh, wednesdaywolf.com, theimps.org, mobrulesgames.com, and indiegogo.com wrong
way.
Actually, Mob Rules Games will, will, will-
I already busted one out for them.
I'll, I will give them a final draft of that come, come the end of this promotion.
So it's don't take this the wrong way.
The Imps and Wednesday Wolf.
I like the idea of Daymare Pile of watercolor donors.
I like that part.
So far so good.
Okay.
Um, what does that cover?
That covers Wednesday Wolf and the Imp.
It covers all three.
They all want money.
That's the connector.
Everybody wants money.
Here we go.
Build a Daymare Pile of watercolor donors.
All these businesses need funds to operate.
You can help Wednesday Wolf.
The Imps don't take the wrong way.
That's almost what it's called.
But I ran out of words in the verse.
Go give them some cash to chase all of their dreams around.
Whoa.
I like how it ended on some of that unresolved.
Dreams of dreams.
I don't know guys.
Build a Daymare Pile of watercolor donors.
You need to give these people lots of cash.
That's how the market works.
They take your money and turn it into goods and services.
And you can take those services to the bank.
While they take your literal money to the bank.
Visit WednesdayWolf.com.
TheImps.org.
And don't take this the wrong way's website,
which you can probably find on Google.
Oh man.
I think the real contest is to find which way of spending your money
your grandparents who lived in the depression would approve of the list.
And it's to buy messages on our show.
Yes.
Surprise.
Big twist.
It's giving us money that they would really approve of the lease.
Hey, I recently met a girl that's wonderful.
We have a lot in common.
She has expressed interest in dating me and it's mutual.
I worry though that in a year when I'm finished college,
I will likely have to move a pretty large distance to start my career.
I also worry that she wants to start a family sooner than I do.
Is this a deal breaker?
Should I just stay single yet another year?
That's from concerning Canada.
Oh man.
Of course not.
Of course not.
Anytime you start a sentence with I'm worried that in a year just stop right there
and finish the question with should I just stay single yet another year?
Yeah, like no, of course not.
Quetzalcoatl is coming for you and me and everyone you love.
And it's December 21st this year.
So no, I wouldn't.
Hey Quetzalcoatl, can I get just like a short extension?
Is it cool if let's just I'll tell you what,
let me pencil you in for like March 014.
Oh no, you're a giant Thunderbird.
We're all dead.
So thanks for the slow pitch.
Ask this girl out immediately.
Yeah, you have no time.
You have to, everybody needs to live like Quetzalcoatl's coming back.
Yeah, don't even bother with birth control anymore
because we are less than nine months out.
Don't even go to the dentist.
Don't even get your teeth checked.
That's bullshit.
You don't want to get eradicated when you're six months pregnant though.
That's that your back's going to be hurt.
Life begins at inception.
That's true.
Weird cravings.
What if you get a weird craving to talk back to Quetzalcoatl?
Then you're going to die, you know, die a lot earlier.
I mean, yeah, I mean, it's six and one.
You're going to live in his service.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Honey, listen, I know this is going to sound weird.
I have a craving for a stew made from the feathers of Quetzalcoatl.
I need you to fetch them from here.
And then just a picture of like the dude driving in a minivan grumbling.
I was just in the middle of the game and now I got to go get some feathers of Quetzalcoatl.
His nest of bones into the Tower of Death Corpses.
That he's formed over where the White House used to be.
The watercolor pile of day rare corpses he's made and now he lives atop.
Listen, in a year, what you want, if this is the person, the one, the person, the special person
that's going to change your whole path in a year, here's what you will want to be with them.
And the other stuff you can figure out.
Like it, you don't know what you want because you are only living half of your life right now.
If this is the special person that you're going to beautiful justice.
Yeah, that's fucking gorgeous.
That's pretty unless you're like a fucking Hallmark card, right?
You don't honestly everything changes when you enter into a committed
permanent relationship with somebody.
Here's the thing, though.
Like I agree with you, Justin.
And the other aspect is anything could happen in a year.
Like maybe you guys get together.
It's great for three months.
It doesn't work out.
It ends.
Okay, great.
But to say because of something happening a year away, I'm not even going to give it the chance.
Like a year.
Now, if you were saying that you were moving away in like a week.
Yeah, that's different.
That's a different kettle of fish.
There's a lot of hurt feelings and stuff that are going to be associated with that.
Yeah, but yeah, she could die.
She could die.
You could die.
You could die.
You could kill each other.
You could kill each other in a gunfight.
Gunfight in like a like one of you tackles the other one off the top of a building and
you're falling together but still fighting.
It's like you're still punching each other as you fall.
And you think like if I can put her body below mine and we fall and hit the ground, then
she'll die.
But I'll be okay liking crank.
But guess what?
Life don't work like crank.
And then she pulls a parachute and you're like bullshit.
I don't have one of those guys married you and I had the chance.
You're very smart.
Cranked again.
Hey, have you guys seen cranked again?
It starts Scott Baio and at the end the school burns down.
It's a pretty weird movie.
What would you be fighting?
I mean, it is we're joking.
It is very realistic that they could be in a gunfight when Quetzalcoatl comes.
Maybe their mom, both their moms have an infection and they both need penicillin.
Of course, Quetzalcoatl drinks penicillin for energy.
Yeah.
So there's not a lot to go around.
Oh, Hunger Games.
There's also a lot we still don't know about Quetzalcoatl.
Yeah, sure.
There's a lot you don't know about Quetzalcoatl.
I know I'm spilling all kinds of facts right now.
It's bird.
It is avian in nature, right?
Am I imagining it?
Isn't it bird snake?
Chicken snake.
Cockatrice.
I can't be bothered to Wikipedia.
I don't know what we're talking about anymore.
I don't know either.
So yeah, go love this girl.
The only thing I know is go love this girl.
That's everybody by the way.
Just pair up.
Yeah, just go ahead and partner off now.
Just partner off.
It'll make it easier to consume.
Stop.
His mouth is only two people wide.
So actually it would be great for him if everybody could pair up before he gets back.
And then maybe if you like, if you each hold hands,
you can like loop around one of his giant fangs and try to hold on as long as you can.
If you are mega fat, hook up with another mega fat, pair up.
He goes to...
Dead.
Choked to death.
Sacrifice yourself.
Thank you for your sacrifice, John Goodman.
If it turns out that the fate of the human race turned on the moment
that Tom Arnold and Roseanne Arnold split up.
That's exactly what I was just thinking of.
Sam, Dr. Sam Beckett goes back and re-inhabits the body of Roseanne Barr.
So Tom Arnold and Roseanne Barr all stay together.
Now Tom.
Oh God damn it.
Oh boy.
I don't know.
I don't know, Sam.
I think you gotta, I think you gotta be eaten by Quetzalcoatl and choked to death.
You gotta first seduce Tom Arnold and then be eaten by Quetzalcoatl.
I don't know which one is worse.
Oh Ziggy, no thanks.
Quantum Leap was a good show.
It was.
There's a lot of possibilities they didn't explore though.
I just, so my girlfriend and I just moved in together and we were going through a CD.
She has the soundtrack to Quantum Leap.
What?
She has the soundtrack to Quantum Leap.
The Quantum Leap soundtrack.
What's it sound like?
Can you give me, can you break me off a beat?
Yeah sure, tracks one through 19 are like.
And there's like a jazz cover.
You guys wanna Yahoo?
And then there's a, there's a spoken word one.
Can I tell you guys something true about Quantum Leap?
Yes.
I read when I was in middle school, I was so way into Quantum Leap
that I read a novelization.
Holy shit.
based on like an unfilmed episode of Quantum Leap.
And in this novelization,
Dr. Sam Beckett leapt into the body
of a carnival worker with Down syndrome.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And it was never produced, you say.
Yeah, I mean, there are like side stories basically
is the best way I can explain it to you.
But yes, yes.
That is what happened.
And did you buy this at a Scholastic school book fair?
If you're at a Scholastic school book fair,
then you will have no problem tracking this one down.
It's pretty fantastic.
He has to pretend to have Down syndrome.
Oh my God.
I know, it deals with a lot of questions
that the episodes never had the courage.
Like what would it be like to be just super offended?
Yeah, like what would it be like
to read the most offensive novel ever written?
Griffin.
This yahoo was sent in by Krista Whelan.
Thank you, Krista.
It's the douchiest, just get ready.
It's by yahoo answers user fifth Earl of Davishire
or perhaps Dave Shire, who asks,
I'm not, I'm not, okay.
May it, I have to do like a voice.
May a gentleman kick a door off its hinges
in an emergency.
I'm not usually the sort of fellow
to go around kicking doors off hinges,
but for reasons too wearisome to detail,
there is presently a locked door
between myself and a crate of gin.
Obviously myself and the gin need to become
better acquainted.
Is there an etiquette to kicking doors to matchwood?
The door in question is the house
of a particularly tiresome aunt of mine.
This is the happiest I've ever been.
Oh my God.
I am not kidding you guys.
There is probably 20 responses,
each of which are done in the style
of like a Downton Abbey role play.
Who taught anthropomorphized owls how to use the internet?
That's what I want to know.
Can we not?
Kick indoors?
I don't think the bobbies would approve
and I know your aunt wouldn't.
Fuck you, stop it.
Breaking and entering plus theft
is good for about five years in the gaol.
If auntie were to suffer a stroke during the misdeed,
then they'd probably permanently confine you
in the Tower of London.
Like, listen to these London things I know.
Certainly not.
One has people to carry out such tasks
as the hero song goes.
Lord Derby tried to mend the electric light.
The current shock struck him dead and serve him right.
It is the duty of the wealthy man
to grant employment to the artisan.
Now listen, are we going to deal with the issue
of this being the douchiest thing I've ever heard
or are we going to talk about kicking indoors?
Listen, we will get to kicking indoors.
I want to know what sort of splinter
Yahoo Answers these people are using.
Steampunk Yahoo.
That everyone else who uses Yahoo Answers
hasn't stumbled in and just been baffled
by what's going on.
Hey yo, are we gonna kick down doors or what?
Fuck.
Yahoo Answers.
Listen, can we get back to talking about
my fucking stepdad or what?
Shit.
Listen, I broke my butt cheeks.
Let's focus up, people.
Jesus, what is this bullshit?
Listen, I was trying to leave poop in some bitch.
Yahoo.
What are you even saying?
I'm trying to figure out how to superman a hoe.
Can we please focus?
Hey, I cut myself for a mermaid spell.
Yahoo.
It would usually be considered a poor show
to kick a door in yourself, old boy,
but drastic times call for drastic measures.
That gin won't drink itself after all.
The very next guy, I fucked a tree to summon aliens.
Oh.
Oh, old chap, that sounds like quite a splintery situation
for your tallywacker.
Like, what the fuck are you talking about?
Oh God.
Tip top, someone said.
Just that?
What's the opposite of that?
Cause that's what this is.
Bottom, bottom.
Bottom, bottom.
Yeah.
Can we, on the subject of crazy Yahoo Answers,
can we, I mean, this is the closer, right?
Are we in the closer?
Yes, this is the, we're living in the closer.
All right, we're gonna do all our thank yous,
but I feel like Travis and I,
I feel like every, I don't know, 50 episodes or so,
we need to give a plea to our listeners
and question submitters,
because seriously, we love you guys so much,
and like, we couldn't do this without your help,
but some of the questions and some of the Yahoos
have gotten a little rankerous, I think is good.
Let's just run down a list of the things
that we won't, for lack of a better word, touch.
Okay, if you talk about having sex with sleeping people,
like fucking stop it.
Like don't, if you submit something,
either Yahoo or a question,
and you look at it and go,
oh, this is pretty fucking gross,
we're probably not going to read it.
Like that includes poop.
It includes masturbating your amputee son.
Yeah, that's a real thing someone sent in.
That's awful, like don't send in gross, awful things anymore.
Like, thank you for the funny stuff,
and like, we appreciate it so much,
but just like, we're not going to read it,
and it's psychically upsetting
when you send us something that is-
And it's a completely different vein,
but please stop asking me questions about Diablo 3.
Yeah.
It's not the same as masturbating your poop,
but Diablo 3 questions, we're covered.
I'll drop my battle tag up in here if you guys,
if you want to meet up.
You know, so just focus up,
and get your question game right.
Yeah, just get it together maybe, just a little bit.
Like think about it before you submit,
think before you submit, and get it right.
Thank you so much.
And if you got a query,
it doesn't have to be anything big.
Sometimes you just need an argument settled,
we're there for you.
Also- You need something every day.
If you could email,
we've probably haven't given out an email in a while.
It's mbnbam at gmail.com.
Send your questions, and your Yahoo's there.
I really appreciate all the ones people send to Twitter,
but it's so hard to like look through that.
We have like a catch-all for Yahoo answers
that come in the email.
So if you email them, that's stupendous.
Thank you so much.
mbnbam at maximumfun.org works the same,
goes to the same place.
Yeah.
Maybe feels a little more official.
So that's- If you like it, a fish.
That's my plea.
Thank you guys.
Everybody, thank you.
I'm honored every day.
Every day is a winding road.
Your bodies are wonderlands.
Thank you, for all your bodies.
Thank you.
Thank you for your bodies.
Hey, I appreciate all the bodies.
I just wanted to get on that bandwagon,
and everybody else was talking about bodies,
and I didn't. Come on.
Come on.
Let me hop on that body bandwagon.
Thanks to everybody who tweeted about the show this week.
I'm not gonna do what I normally do to start at the top.
I'm gonna go backwards.
Okay.
Thanks to Tyler Woodburn, plainzombie,
mecan'ttweet.
That's a pretty good one.
Alicia dances, spaceman spiff, iggy k,
IDF-inners, ID-finners?
It's hard to say.
Spell it right, loser names, Emma Heike.
I almost certainly fucked that up.
Brian from WI, presumably Wisconsin.
Or from WII.
Or from WII, little froggies.
Admiral Christy, Jamie is a twit, thingsbydan.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
It means a lot to us,
and so thanks.
Just so you guys know, we've got coming up Max Fun Con.
Coming up in just a couple weeks.
We're gonna be doing a live show there,
so if you're going to be at Max Fun Con,
and you would like us to answer a question
at our live show there,
then make sure that you email us that question,
and make sure that you put in the subject line
that it is a question for Max Fun Con,
so that we can answer it for you live.
Please make it good.
There's gonna be so many people there
that are gonna be intimidated.
People that have never heard the show before, possibly.
Oh, I can't think about it.
Like, I'm pants-shittingly terrified of this show.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic, fantastic album,
which everyone should own.
Don't Spotify it, okay?
Because then, if your internet goes out,
you can't listen to it, you creep.
Purchase it, physically.
And make sure you go check out TheEmps.org,
WednesdayWolf.com, MobRulesGames.com,
and IndieGoGo.com slash Wrong Way.
And go give a listen to all the other
great Max Fun Fun shows, Throwing Shade,
Jordan Jesse Goh, JaJuan Hodgman, stop podcasting yourself.
They're all just delightful.
The end.
The end of the show.
The end, the end of our show.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Annoying, who asks,
who was your favorite Beatle from the band The Beatles?
I'm Justin McElroy, I'm Travis McElroy, I'm Griffin McElroy, this has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dads flair on the lips.
