The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era. I'm your
oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, Travis McElroy. And I'm your baby,
baby, baby, Griffin McElroy. This week, Travis told me that we've been overthinking intros,
that we don't need to keep planning. Like we're always having this conversation about current
events right before. And maybe there's, and he said, just, just start running.
You know, that's a, that is a complaint that we get probably more than any other complaint,
which is that our intros are too thought out and overproduced. They have too strong a sense
of direction, uh, almost as though they'd been written for us ahead of time by Bruce Valanche,
which of course everything we say on the show is, it just kind of ruins the, the mystery of it all.
So I feel like, you know, let me just look for some material. There's no reason to like,
overthink this.
Just look around your room, pick an assortment of objects.
Okay. You know what? I love this. This is sort of a freestyle. It's like somebody give me,
somebody give me like a, uh, an action, you know, something that people are doing every day.
Uh, euthanasia.
Euthanasia. Okay.
Great.
Uh, someone give me a noun, you know, something to, to work.
Colin Mockery.
Colin Mockery. Okay. This is good so far. So far I got a euthanasia, Colin Mockery.
Now I just need a musical style that I can set this to.
Anything at all? Let me just hear the first thing.
Gregorian chant.
Okay. Anything. Just shout it out.
He already said it and it was perfect.
Okay. So here we go with that. Here is some improvisational comedy from the masters of,
uh, improv comedy, my brother, my brother, me.
Okay. Hold on. Here comes.
Colin Mockery. Your time has come.
Freeze.
Hey, hey, Gov. Can you, can I borrow a biscuit?
I'm a Gregorian.
No, I said freeze, Justin. You're supposed to say yes and you don't go back to the thing
you already did.
Okay.
You don't fucking go back to the safety of, like, the perfect goof you already created.
We have to create new. We're constantly destroying and creating. That is part of improv comedy.
Okay. All right.
No problem, Gov. No, I'm a Gregorian monk. Colin Mockery.
You're just doing the same fucking thing that we just did.
It's all about destroying your art from before and create, kill your-
Freeze.
I didn't have something better. I just needed time to think.
Okay. That's not really how freeze works.
Travis.
Freeze. Hey, Gov. Would you fancy a biscuit?
Okay. You're just doing the same fucking things.
No, I hadn't done that before.
That's new.
Yeah, improv comedy is easy. I don't know why. I don't know what Drew Carey was giving
people points for. So, this is my brother. My brother and me, it's a comedy advice show.
When we told, we've told people before it's a comedy advice show and they say,
so you wait, you give advice to comedians? And it's like, well-
Now we do.
Now we do.
Here's how you improv, fools. Listen up.
That's how you improv.
Listen, pay us $50,000 a month and you can move up the MBM improv comedy levels. Like,
right now I'm level four. And if I want to move up, I have to test out,
but I also have to pay another $50,000.
There's also a significant amount of auditing that has to go on there.
A lot of auditing. I mean, that's basically all-
And lots of otters. There's so many otters, you guys.
So many otters. See, that there was improv comedy on Travis's behalf.
Improv is basically when you think of something and then you just say it.
Yes.
What improv comedy is, basically-
It's talking without thinking about what you're saying. So, basically,
everything Travis has ever done or said has been improv comedy.
Basically, you know how words are usually used to communicate ideas, thoughts,
that kind of thing? What improv comedy does is it takes that away and it says,
what if it was just noise?
What if it was sound?
Let me suggest this because this is what I do.
Pretend like you have an audience of one and it's yourself and don't worry about anyone else
and just try to make yourself laugh and say things you think are clever.
Just think like, what would I like?
We are.
Just do that.
I love the image of Travis standing alone in a nightclub with Travis,
another Travis, maybe like a slightly older, more wizened Travis,
sitting alone at a table with a bourbon.
Just, you can hear him call out from the back,
Otters! Nice!
Yeah! Nice!
Make more fart noises.
And then maybe they meet up after the show, they have a couple of drinks
and they realize that they have a lot in common.
And, you know, they just see where the night takes them.
Let's get to the advice.
I've studied abroad in the UK and since coming home, I've been really depressed.
I left everything about living there and all the adventures I got to have on a daily basis
without the responsibilities of a difficult classes or a job.
It was the best time of my life.
Being home in Texas now seems dull and America's troubles just make me want to pick up and move there.
But I can't leave my family and friends.
I've been trying to use my experience to open my eyes to the greatness of my own home without much luck.
Can you help me find my love of America and get over this study abroad withdrawal?
And that's from Gmail.
Is it possible that it's...
Maybe it has nothing to do with the place so much as it does the experience.
Like it was a really super fun, wonderful thing.
And it's like, yeah, of course you're going to be.
Vacation is great and everybody wishes they could live on vacation all the time.
But you can't.
If you lived in the UK all your life and then you went to visit somewhere else,
you would love that place too.
It's new and different.
Here's the thing about studying abroad, right?
You go to another place where you don't know anybody.
You know that whatever you do there, A, your time is finite.
And B, the things that you don't have to put down roots or try to figure out.
Some of the bigger questions, you just live moment to moment.
Let me tell you what you were doing for that time you're studying abroad in the UK.
A, you lived like you were dying.
Indeed.
You went skydiving, you went Rocky Mountain climbing,
or maybe Stonehenge climbing, either way.
They don't let you do that, I don't think.
You lived in a way that you were free of the serious responsibilities
that make day-to-day life as an adult such a just a slog.
Just a just a slog.
And maybe that attitude is something that you could inject a little bit more
into your day-to-day life in Tejas.
And maybe you should just move out of Texas.
Hey, shut the fuck up.
Texas rules.
I mean, unless you live in Austin.
He probably does, because God, where else would you even live?
I don't... Are there other towns here?
Here's the thing.
You guys touched on it.
If you lived in the UK, imagine you lived in the UK your whole life,
and you came to America and you ate a hot dog,
you're like, fuck, I'm moving here.
Because that's sort of our main tourism is hot dogs.
We have a hot dogs and aquariums.
Right.
I've thought this about every place I've ever...
Almost every place.
Not every place, but almost every place I've ever taken vacation at.
Like, you know, when we go to Tybee Island near Savannah,
I think, oh, my God, I could totally live here.
Or Austin.
Oh, my God, I could totally live here.
But the thing is, what you're doing is basically...
Like, for a few days, you're living a life where all you have to do
is worry about entertaining yourself and having fun.
Right.
And like, yeah, that's gonna be pretty addictive.
Let me throw this out.
It's like you're watching a TV show, right?
In which the characters are always having the fun, happy,
or like action-packed, exciting times.
But what you don't see is them going to the grocery store.
You don't see them like...
Yeah, Jack Bauer never poops on 24.
He never like eats some really foul nachos in like episode three.
And then episode six, he's like, I'll be right back.
And then... Although, I don't know.
Think of your time there.
But think of your time there as like an episode of the television show
in which all you had was the highlights.
Right.
And then you come back and it's shitty 24, literally.
I hope that they incorporate that into the new season.
I think that that's must-see TV.
Because like, you'll see one episode and you'll be like,
I haven't seen Jack Bauer in like two entire episodes.
What the fuck?
And then you find out at the end of episode eight,
he has really bad food poisoning.
He is not going to be a major character in this one.
I wish in this modern era, we probably...
If 24 was on the air right now, and I know it's coming back,
but if it was on the air right this moment,
I think there would probably be a web series
after that was like the next 24.
And it's just Jack Bauer sleeping for 14 hours.
And catching up on Downton Abbey.
I'm so tired.
I'm getting Thai.
Waiting for Thai.
Waiting for Thai is a whole episode.
God, is it going to get there?
Is it going to get there before Downton comes on?
God, I hope so.
What about just a whole season of just him like oversleeping
for the first like five hours?
And I was like, oh my God, everything's going to shit.
And there's bombs going off.
Where's Jack?
Where's Jack?
I haven't seen him in a while.
Listen, he had really bad food poisoning yesterday.
He's plump tuckered.
Will you get off his case?
He just shit his guts out last season, which was yesterday.
Maybe you could calm down for a second.
Jack, it's Chloe.
We need you to bring down the terrorists who finally...
Chloe, damn it.
Can you bring him here?
Can he come here?
I'm still in my cookie pants.
Can you please bring him here?
I'm not even...
Didn't shave, feel a bit...
Can it wait until tomorrow?
I've sort of told myself I'm just going to kind of putter around today.
You know how you putter to try to get your strength back up?
Chloe, I got a diarrhea.
I got diarrhea.
Why does he get diarrhea every time?
Why do we want to see Kiefer Sutherland just like spewing his guts out?
Why is that something that fascinates us?
I think it's because he's so strong.
He's such a strong stoic.
Because there can't be heroes anymore, Griffin.
I guess it's true.
We as a society cannot allow heroes and we must watch them poop.
You guys know Yahoo?
Here in America, we just want to watch our heroes poop.
Here's the other thing.
The UK is great.
Every time I go there, I feel like I want to get back there.
Got to get my paper right.
And I'm on that hustle constantly just to try to get back over the UK
because I've had a great time every time.
But every time I've been there, I've also been on vacation.
So I don't know.
Just get a highlight reel, really.
Hang in there.
You'll find it again.
Or you know what?
Just move.
I don't think you can move to the...
I don't think you're allowed to just like move to another country.
It's a one in one out kind of thing.
You got to convince someone in the UK to move here.
Just wait until the next time you see Russell Brown on TV,
ask him to please stay put for a little while
and then get back over there.
Sounds pretty easy.
Here's a Yahoo answer.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Dan Yoel.
Thanks, Dan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Hook who asks,
Am I cursed or is 2014 cursed?
I'm I cursed or is 2014 cursed?
I failed in my college and just yesterday I had accident
and it's cost me a lot, $2,500.
My new car, it's Hyundai Elantra 2013
and I don't know what to do.
And I was planning to buy a new phone, but now I can't.
Does anyone have a lot of money and want to give me?
First off, yes.
How much do you need?
This is a promising investment.
I've been watching a lot of Shark Tank lately
and I've learned to identify when there's a promising...
So what's your business?
I just failed out of college.
I'm pretty sure that the year that we are in is cursed.
Can you float me like four grand?
Yep.
You know what?
Here's what I'm going to need.
I'm going to need 50 cents for every car that you wreck
until I get my money back
and then I'm going to need a quarter in perpetuity.
I don't need a portion of your business.
I actually would like to stay out of the you business
if at all possible.
And we're going to need...
It does not seem super promising.
I'd like to be in charge of the branding.
So just like call yourself Justin McElroy from now on.
Is that something we can negotiate?
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this story
and I'm going to license it.
I'm going to take it to Black & Decker.
You know, I'm going to take it...
Fuck that.
I'm going to take it to fucking George Clooney
and it's going to be his next film.
It's the story of...
It'll be called A Cursed Year
and it will star who else?
George Clooney.
Well, that's great because you get in a car accident
and you call somebody like,
I was in a car accident.
Like, oh my God, are you okay?
Like, yeah.
I mean, it's just like $2,500 of damage.
It's not even that serious,
but still like bummer.
And I was going to get that phone.
You know, but...
Music swells.
Tears, tears, tears.
You're joking.
But there are whole episode arcs on the OC
that are far less dramatic than this.
This could have a potential on television.
Guys, is 2014 fucking cur...
I know we talked about 20 forward
and like everything's great,
but like, I don't...
What it like...
This person's having like a shitty day
to good Rick Day ratio so far.
2014 has not been working in this dude's favor.
What it seems to me is that in 2013,
it all kind of spread around
and everybody got like 1% of it, right?
Maybe in 2014, it's just a dump on this guy
and everybody else is going to have a banner year, right?
Because all the shit has just been funneled.
Just been funneled into this one person.
Yeah, he's the Job of our generation.
He's taking on all of it so we can have a great 2014.
God and the devil have an agreement about Job 2.0.
You're saying Job in the biblical sense,
not in the Arrested Development sense.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah, everybody thinks a great way
to close out New Year's Eve is by taunting Rolani's.
That's not ideal.
You think it's going to work out.
You think it's going to be a real lark
for you and your friends.
It's going to be a laugh,
but like that laugh is going to cost...
You're going to be haunted by a satyr or something.
Yeah, you don't want to do that.
Don't taunt people.
Stop taunting people, please.
And don't drink and drive
and run over people's daughters.
They might curse you.
Well, that's like good fucking advice in general, Travie.
That's fair.
I mean, that's also just a bad way to start 2014.
Is to kill someone?
Yeah, I would say it's pretty...
Yeah, it's bad.
I don't believe in curses that I believe in is momentum.
You make your own curse, right?
You make your own curse in this life.
And this guy made his by taunting Rolani on New Year's Eve.
You can't get away with that.
This guy taunted Ray Romano on New Year's Eve.
And he made...
Ray Romano is a treasure who got a bad rap
for doing comedy that was broadly enjoyable,
as if that's some sort of crime.
I feel bad about this guy because like 2014 is,
for me, been pretty good.
For me, I guess it's all subjective, isn't it?
Because for me, it's not cursed.
I would say I'm having a blessed...
Hey guys, have a blessed year.
That's something I'm gonna start saying to people.
Let me throw this out though.
Okay, you got in a car accident.
I could see where that's a horrible twist of luck.
You fail out of college?
That's not like a sudden thing that happened in 2014.
The only...
We've only been in 2014 for three weeks.
But the only class he was taking was Safe Driving 101.
Is it this?
That's the problem.
This is pass fail advanced calculus one week edition.
Here we go.
Nope, you got one question wrong.
Get the fuck out of here.
You're out of school.
You're out of...
Listen, this sucks.
It's a bad term, but hey, have a blessed year.
And be careful as you walk out.
We've seen Romani on the lawn.
Do you like how we have tried to be more sensitive
by not referring to Romani as gypsies,
but still clinging to the idea that Romani's
are people that will curse you?
Yeah, we're the worst.
We're the pits.
I love them.
I think they're great people.
You know who's having a good 2014 is Drake.
Drake was on SNL.
Is he a Romani?
Drake is half Jewish, half black, half Romani.
Well, he's one and a half man.
That's why he has that extra torso coming out of his butt
and that has a second person that he keeps inside
the big jackets he wears.
You know, you always see Drake and he's wearing
a big puffy jacket and you wonder why is that?
He seems like a pretty trim dude.
You'd think he'd dress in a sort of more Metro fashion,
but no, he has a second torso that comes out of the base
of his spine and he has to keep it inside of his clothes.
It used to be great.
He used to be able to fold it back on itself
and wear JNCO jeans, but nobody can really wear
JNCO jeans anymore.
I have to be honest, I spaced out for the beginning
of that bit and it got pretty bizarre there in the middle.
You know who else gets bizarre in the middle?
Drake, because he has a second torso that comes out of his ass.
Sydney looked at me, Sydney was a huge Degrassi fan,
which of course everybody knows.
Fucking Drake, that human being is bulletproof.
That motherfucker got to be the kid in a wheelchair
on Degrassi and not in a wheelchair the whole time.
Obviously, Jimmy was shot in that one episode
in the school shooting episode.
Making him literally bulletproof.
Oh, I guess now he's not super bulletproof.
Not super bulletproof.
He's bullet resilient.
She was penetrated by a bullet,
which had some adverse effects on him.
And then he's going to be a rapper.
Do you know how hard it is for regular people
to establish rapper cred?
Like to get cred and believability as a rapper.
This motherfucker, we saw his adolescence.
He was on Canadian TV.
Like you can't snap back from that,
but somehow Drake has made a living as a rapper.
Like he's rapping as if he is not also Jimmy from Degrassi.
After the episode, after the episode of SNL,
Sydney looks at me and says, I'm proud of Drake.
What?
She said, I'm proud of Drake.
Do you think Drake knows whenever anybody in the world
says that and it's like a little bell rings
and he's like, oh, all right, working my way back.
YOLO, I guess.
He came up with YOLO.
That's the other thing.
Did he really?
Yes, Drake invented YOLO.
Oh, great.
Now someone's Googling.
He popularized it.
I don't know if he invented it.
He said on SNL, he said, I invented YOLO.
Actually, Mae West was the first person to say YOLO.
This is true.
Mae West did not say YOLO.
Mae West, popular actor of the early 1900s,
invented YOLO.
She didn't say YOLO.
She said you only live once, but that's.
Yeah, but it's 2014.
Everybody lived as much as they wanted to.
And Mae West brought down the judgment and said, from now on,
you only live once.
And everyone panicked.
And then the stock market crashed.
Mae West was half-fay.
So she got to decide the fate of humanity.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Do you think Drake, while he was doing Degrassi,
somebody came up to him and was like, hey, Drake,
can I tell you something that Mae West once told me?
You only live once.
And he was like, fuck, I thought I would get like another go-around
on my second torso.
I thought I would get like a second life.
I've been wasting all this time doing Canadian teen dramas.
Yeah, Drake got to be on a Canadian teen drama called Degrassi.
And then after that, he got to be a rapper named Drake.
If anybody should not be preaching to me about how we only have one life,
it's Drake.
That motherfucker has obviously, at this point,
lived two very distinct lives.
YOLT.
YOLT.
YOLT.
IOLT.
IOLT.
IOLT YOLO.
OK?
IOLT.
That's fine.
But YOLO.
I think it would actually, it'll be like ODLT,
which is only Drake lives twice.
Nobody else can even try it.
How about another question?
Our question to goof ratio has been pretty bad.
It's Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
We're just, everybody else gets the day off.
I don't know why we can't take the day off from being topical or funny.
I think we've done a pretty good job so far.
Like others, my grandmother bakes cookies and other goods.
One problem.
She often uses expired ingredients to make the food,
saying that the new food has its own expiration.
Hold the goddamn phone.
A moment.
You're saying, like, if she uses some rotten ass, like,
eggs that she found in a mummy's crypt,
and then, like, bakes that into a pie,
she's like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't even worry about it.
Now it's new.
It's been reborn.
Refresh the clock on this pie.
You think those eggs are like,
oh, guys, guys, guys, we're pie now.
All right, start it over.
Cool, cool.
Start it over.
Germs, germs, bacteria, you guys get out of here.
We're starting fresh.
It's got to be a stressful thing as an egg, though.
You get this new lease on life as pie,
and then you have to hope that you're,
you start racking your egg brain like,
what else could pie be?
Oh, fuck.
She could transform the pie into maybe a smoothie.
Can you put us in a blender, please?
And then you just take that smoothie,
pour it into another pie.
That's actually what the movie Life of Pie is about.
And also what the Miracle of Hanukkah was.
A lot of people don't know that.
That's what that was.
That part's not true.
Do you want to finish the question?
Yes.
My family won't confront her about it.
And even says she's right.
What the fuck are you doing?
You need to emancipate.
Your family's fucking crazy.
Am I right in thinking this is disgusting and wrong?
And if so, how do I get my family to stop eating her food
or get her to stop?
That's from Nana's Nasty Nibbles in Naga Doches.
Hey, here's a fun game.
Nacog Doches.
Here's a fun game.
Wait till you're in the middle of a crowded room
and then just patiently lean forward and say,
hey, my grandmother cooks with expired food.
And then lean back and watch everybody react and go,
okay, yes, I am 100% correct.
And no one in that bar, stranger or no, will go,
well, yeah, that's perfectly normal.
She uses old ass eggs and gross milk.
Yeah, that's fine.
Please just promise me one thing, question asker.
If you and your family have an intervention
for your grandma over her old food
and you get your old, old grandma
and you get to shame her about using expired ingredients,
please promise you'll invite me.
I just need to be in the circle
where I can stand up and read my letter
about how her use of expired ingredients
has hurt me personally and how I care about her.
It's hurt you in a very, if you're eating it,
it'll hurt, it'll hurt you.
I'm not like a doctor
and I'm probably not even very good at science
just like compared to the average person.
But if you eat an old egg,
you're gonna get sick from it probably.
Here's the thing, listeners, listeners,
here's what I don't need.
I don't need any of you to email me and go,
well, actually, because the baking process,
blah, because the fact of the matter is
she's using old-ass eggs and old-ass milk
and I don't even let that shit in my house.
No.
Let alone in my cookies.
Now, I feel like Nana needs an advocate here.
So I'm gonna say, I mean, you're cooking it.
It is safe, like it's safe.
It's gross.
Wait, wait, no, hold on.
Because this argument is starting to take a real turn
for the worst because you're saying,
regardless of the age of the egg,
if you apply enough heat to it,
it will become safe to eat.
Yeah.
Unless she is cooking at 1200 degrees.
That's right.
If she's irradiating them, then yes, I agree.
There's no danger of anything.
It's not dangerous.
It's dangerous to your palate.
It's gonna taste like-
You realize that you can cook food
and still get food poisoning from it, right?
That's not how that works, Travis.
It is, in fact, how that works, Justin.
That's not how it works.
If you cook, okay, I have my food handler's license, okay?
So everybody take a step back.
Jesus, what did you get?
Where did you, Olive Garden?
What, yes.
Okay, can I, I think that that food handler's license
is no longer, I think you have to re-up that every,
I don't know, decade.
Yeah, but I don't think the science on food handling
has changed that much.
Also, I don't think during your food handler's classes,
they're like, yeah, don't even worry about it.
Once you cook it, the clock resets on that one.
No, I mean that we didn't cover that.
I think that though, once you bake it
and you kill all the bacteria.
Justin, I want you to take a chicken cutlet,
set it on the counter for three days.
Wait, I got one here.
Okay, set it on the counter for three days
and then I want you to bake it at 350 degrees for 20 minutes
and then I want to watch you eat it.
I would do that.
I have enough patience.
Bullshit.
I would do that.
I have enough patience, I would do it.
Let's do a quick edit.
Let me leave some chicken out.
Okay.
Okay, I've got the chicken here.
We're back.
It's been three days.
It's Thursday.
Let me just, yeah, I'm fine.
Gosh, guys, through the magic of radio,
I've proven you wrong.
You ate that really fast, Justin.
I'm worried about how quickly you were cooking it.
I had to cut away some stuff.
There wasn't a lot of salvageable meat left.
It had largely decomposed, but it was still delicious.
Little Dijon, delicious.
I think you need to go to your old grandma and say,
listen, you don't have much time left.
Wow, okay, come on.
What are you supposed to say?
Well, don't bring up her impending death.
That's probably not a good way to start up any conversation ever.
You guys, you guys, you guys, you guys.
Travis.
What if she's using expired food as a metaphor
for how she still has a purpose
and they shouldn't put her in the home?
Oh my God, she's trying to stay out of a home.
Of course.
She sent you a message like,
yeah, maybe these eggs are a little old,
but that doesn't mean they're not still useful.
Hey, Nana, can I make a quick suggestio?
If you could get Nana on the line real quick.
Make this point with anything else.
Make it with old board games.
Like this Scrabble may have a little dust on it,
but it's still a hoot to play.
We lost all the E tiles, but it's still a pretty fun game.
Reset the clock.
VHS copy of Spaceballs may be a little cracky
and a little staticky, but it's still pretty fun.
Reset the clock.
Reset the clock on these Spaceballs.
These fresh Spaceballs now.
Put it in the DVD player.
Like Meeps, we can't.
We can't be, it's a VHS, Meeps.
That movie's fucking definitely expired.
Tried to watch it the other day.
That shit gone bad.
It went rancid.
You watch that and you watch Men in Tights
and you're like, oh, now I get it.
Now I understand.
No, F you, Men in Tights is great.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Eat these eggs, Travis.
Eat these old eggs.
Eat these old eggs, you're gonna love it.
I got some prime Florida real estate to sell you, my man.
Audience Travis is like, yeah, he's right though.
Nailed it, stuck it to him.
You know what never goes bad?
What?
Money.
I mean, it does if it like defaults.
Like I don't think they're-
Or if you like soak it in eggs.
I think it's still legal tender like forever.
But I don't think they use francs anymore.
I think if you have francs, they just like,
they won't accept those.
And hey pennies.
And hey pennies, doubloons.
Amazon.
Amazon takes doubloons?
I was trying, okay guys, listen.
I was trying to say money zone just now
and the word that came out of my mouth was Amazon.
I had like a mini, I'm worried.
Can one of you get down here?
Can one of you get down here?
You ain't done expired chicken.
And look at you, your brain's shut now.
Guys.
Piece by piece.
We need to get the magic school bus up in your face.
We're wasting time.
We need to get paid.
We need to get paid.
Let's go to the puppy pool.
All right.
Let's go to the family zone.
I'm going to set it up.
I mean, I'm keeping all that in the show.
Let's go to Tremzalore.
What's the first message for?
This message is for Chris, who is apparently also known as the Phoenix.
You can't just do that, Chris.
You can't.
Well, I mean, I don't think Chris wrote the message.
In fact, it's from Nate, Brian, Chelsea, Jeremy, and Alicia.
Or Alyssa.
That's their gift.
That's their gift to him.
Like, finally.
OK, fine.
Fine.
You're the Phoenix.
Fine.
What do you want to be?
Space Hawk?
Sure.
Fuck it.
Whatever.
Can't believe we won't see your beautiful angst filled face at the office anymore.
You're a super hardworking, smart, and amazing writer.
Hilarious, spirited, and made the best coffee.
Your absurd sense of humor and habit of openly napping at your desk will be missed.
Damn you for leaving.
Damn you.
But best of luck out there.
That's for Nate, Brian, Chelsea, Jamie, and Alicia.
Jeremy.
Jeremy, not Jamie.
Jeremy.
There is no Jamie.
From Jamie.
Maybe there's a Jamie at the office, but I don't want her getting credit for this.
So best of luck, Chris, in all your future endeavors.
For a second, I worried that Chris was dead, and that he had died,
and they were writing this, and then I remembered he's the Phoenix.
Oh, shit.
That is impossible.
Miss you, Phoenix.
We'll see you, like, in a week.
He's been reborn as a gas station attendant.
Please don't touch the pile of ashes on Chris's desk.
That's Chris.
He's gestating.
He's gestating right now. He's going to come back more beautiful than ever.
You only live twice.
My brother, my brother being supported by Squarespace, an all-in-one platform that
makes it fast and easy to create your own professional website or online portfolio.
You want to dedicate a website to Drake?
Of course you do, but you can do that now through the magic of Squarespace.
They're always improving.
They got a support team available 24-7, and it's just eight bucks a month with a free domain if you
sign up for a year.
You can get a trial with no credit card required, and you can start
building that Drake website right now.
Just go build your website.
You want to write Justin Drake slash fiction.
You can make a Jake website, and that's the name of his weird torso.
If you want to write Travis slash older, more distinguished Travis in the audience slash
fiction, and then we can compare what we've written.
Travis already has some literature on the subject.
He would be happy to share.
I've been published twice.
Mm-hmm.
I'm the only published slash fiction author.
The great thing about this terrible website you're making is that it'll work on mobile,
just like that.
It'll match your style, and that's automatic, so don't worry about it.
It will be terrible in content.
It will design in the programming.
It'll be terrific.
Go to Squarespace.com, use the offer code MYBROTHER1.
That's all one word, MYBROTHER, and then the number one to get 10% off your first purchase.
Squarespace, everything you need to create an exception.
I think it's an exceptional website.
Okay, that got cut off.
Everything you need to create an exception.
I bet you there's no good Drake slash fiction websites.
I have an exception to that rule, and it's my Squarespace site.
I know everybody's tried Hulu.
All right, that's old news.
Everybody's got Hulu.
I've got it at my contacts, streamed through Wi-Fi to my contacts I wear.
You have Google Eyes.
I have Google Eyes.
I have googly eyes, and I'm going to upgrade that experience.
You wear as Googles.
I wear what?
They're like goggles, but with Google in them.
I'm going to upgrade that experience.
Why did they call Google Glass Googles?
We call them Googles.
Googles.
You've probably tried Hulu, but Hulu Plus is the better version of that, okay?
You can watch your favorite shows anytime, anywhere.
Smartphone, tablet, it doesn't matter.
Whatever show you want to watch ever in the history of mankind, they're all on there,
and that's legally binding because I just said it.
I don't think, I don't think like...
Well, agree to disagree.
It's all the ones you'd ever want to watch.
Travis, name literally any show you can think of.
Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Yes, on there.
Shark Tank.
On there.
Scandal.
On there.
Do you see Griffin?
Any show, and there is original stuff too.
Travis, just like come up with a name for a show that isn't on TV that you would just
like to see.
The Wrong Man's.
Yeah, it's on there.
Hulu Plus.
What, they made it just because I said it out loud?
There's one on there.
Anything your mind can conceive of, Hulu Plus will summon into existence.
Can I try?
Yeah.
Law and Order SVU.
Yeah, it's on there.
It's like Law and Order.
It just got retrofitted to all of like, we all remember SVU existing now because Hulu
went back in time and made it.
And this amazing technology can be yours for $8 a month, but you're not going to have to
pay that.
No, you're with us.
HuluPlus.com slash my brother will get you an extended two week free trial.
So head on over to HuluPlus.com slash my brother and they'll know we sent you and you can get
your two free weeks of Hulu Plus.
Every referral we get, they give us one more episode of Law and Order SVU.
It's like a referral bonus every time.
And by the way, these are episodes that nobody else can watch.
These are bespoke episodes of Law and Order SVU just for us.
We can even, we can even specify what we want the crimes to be.
It's mine crime.
The one thing they won't do is make another season of Flavor of Love.
I've tried so many times and it just isn't going to happen.
It would destabilize the time stream.
Well, they also have explained that they can't find a single woman that would
agree to do that show on Earth.
They've actually started sending probes out into the vast corners of the universe
to try and find some sort of living being that would agree to be on Flavor of Love.
By the way, just so you people know at home, you would expect, just statistically speaking,
that eventually an advertiser would be mad at us for something we did.
Hasn't happened.
Nope.
Has never happened.
I don't know if they just shoot this money into space and like,
well, best of luck, money.
That or we are like fucking like madmen.
We're like so fucking good at this.
Listen, all right, listen, I'm going to fire this entire board of directors
unless someone tells me why we never thought to offer every show in existence.
And the nominees for Advertisement of the Year are the Coca-Cola Polar Bears.
Always a classic.
That one commercial water refrigerator, Perry, gets the Coca-Cola from kid
kid before the big game and everything that my brother, my brother and me have ever done.
The best act with Coca-Cola.
Thank you for joining us for the Coca-Cola Awards.
I'm Carrie Poppy.
I'm Ross Blucher.
And we make a show.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie.
Oh no.
We investigate fringe science.
Spirituality.
Religious groups.
Alternative therapies.
We put ourselves through a lot of uncomfortable situations.
So that you don't have to.
Because really, why would you?
For example, I watched a tube be inserted into Ross's anus.
That's true, but it sounds terrible out of context.
We've tried penis and breast enlargement pills.
We spent six months undercover becoming Mormons.
We hung out with the 9-11 truthers.
The UFO cult, the Raelians.
And we're going to do more.
It's one of the newest shows on MaximumFun.org.
On my way to class the other day,
I found a nice camelback water bottle lying on the ground.
That sounds like an anecdote, but I promise there's a question.
After looking around to make sure no one was looking,
I swooped in and picked it up.
Later that day, and before drinking from the bottle,
I went to the store and bought a new mouthpiece
and straw for the bottle.
This is getting exciting.
Despite this, my girlfriend says,
still, it's disgusting to drink out of,
and I should throw it away.
A bottle like this would cost around $26.
So I don't want to get rid of it.
All right, sorry.
I'll stop laughing, because there's a lot of math
being bandied about on this question,
and I want the audience to really consider all the variables.
I don't want to get rid of it so quickly.
What should I do?
That's from Waterless in St. Louis.
Let me throw this out.
Oh, your camelback that you found on the ground.
You want to throw that out.
You want to throw that right in the garbage,
because it's a liquid that somebody else
had used with their mouth.
If you've already drank out of it once,
what's it matter now?
Have they?
In for a penny, in for a pound.
Okay, yeah.
He has already drank from the bottle.
I think the problem is,
is this bottle going to be a point of friction
between you and your girlfriend?
Because if that's so, hop in the old car,
sit there for 15 minutes, get out of the car,
come back like, yeah, switch that old bottle out.
And then paste a picture of a different girl
onto the camelback, and it's your new girlfriend now.
This is my girlfriend camelback.
She's very hydrated.
That's what the movie Her was about.
I feel like I can talk to you in a way
I've never been able to talk to anybody else.
Yeah, I'm dating my camelback.
Yeah, that's not weird.
Lots of people are doing that.
I'm dating merman from email.
I just wish you had a body so I could make love to you.
Oh yeah, I'm touching your nozzles.
At least the camelback has an orifice.
That's true.
That cyber lady in Her didn't have that.
Have you guys read any of that Drake camelback slash fiction?
I think that the fact that you bought a straw for it
is a little crazy.
Because I think that, is there a straw
that's like an attachment for it?
Or is this just like a straw?
Do you know what a camelback is, Justin?
Yeah, it's like a water bottle.
Okay, camelback is like a bag that one like
if you're bicycling or walking that you're not carrying
it's attached to the thing and then there's a tube
with a mouthpiece that goes in your mouth
and you got a hole in your mouth.
It's a backpack.
It's a backpack.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I have a question for you question asker
that maybe you should confront yourself with.
What are the set of circumstances
that would cause a human being to say,
Oh, well, I'm never drinking from this again
and throw it on the ground.
Now that is an accident.
Here's what happened.
The person was walking on the quad, right?
And then they took, they were enjoying their beverage.
Maybe they had some Sierra mist in there, right?
Mixing it up and they take it out.
And right when they take it out a hawk flying overhead shits
and the shit falls directly into the tube
goes directly into the camelback bag.
Like he sees it go all the way deep down.
And then he says, well, I guess this party's come to
I guess we've reached the end of the road old friend.
Oh, let me throw this out.
The gentleman, he's walking across the quad.
He's drinking it and he gets a text message
from an unknown number and it says,
you've been poisoned.
Okay.
Your camelback contains cyanide.
You have 20 minutes to get the hustle.
He rips off his backpack,
rips off his camelback and just starts running.
Five minutes later, along comes question asker.
Like, Ooh, free camelback and die.
You're saying that this person is probably already dead
and we're giving advice to a ghost right now.
Yep.
Yep. I do wonder what the lag time has been
between this person sending in this question
us answering it because I like the image
of a water bottle just sitting alone on a shelf.
Like I'm going to get you.
I'm going to figure this out.
I'm going to crack this.
What if we get an email like tomorrow?
It's like, Hey guys, thanks for the help.
Got trench mouth already though.
So send it in two weeks ago.
Could have used it then.
Got this here trench mouth, but I guess.
Here's another thing you need to learn
about being in relationships.
A lot of times you'll come into items by unscrupulous means
and you've got to be better at covering your tracks.
You shouldn't tell someone that you got it,
that it's dirty and you got it from a dirty place.
Your friend Steven gave it to you.
Cause he didn't want it anymore.
My friend Ricky, he's done with water.
He's getting out of the water.
That's why it says Ricky on the bag.
You know, you've never met Ricky before,
but we house sat for Ricky that one time.
Remember, remember he had all that pizza you didn't like
and you kind of made the yucky face.
And Ricky was like, I got too many water bottles.
I'm eventually going to unload some.
You remember you commented on his water bottle room
and there was a journal in the water bottle room.
It was like, man, I can't wait to start throwing these away
and handing them out to my friends.
You remember, you remember, you remember it.
You're just our friend, Ricky, the water bottle magnate.
He's got the glass eyeball.
He's got two glass, he's got two glass eyeballs,
but he's always, he's never thirsty.
You remember he's the moistest man.
He's very damp.
Ricky Nalgene, you know, come on.
This is gross.
I can't, I can eat.
I could probably eat some food
if I cut around the mouth marks, right?
I think fluid is just like, it's so pervasive, you know?
So wet.
Well, no, like it, your shit gets in there
and then it's just like, that, that CamelBak
is like a fucking incubator at that point
because it's just like a little closed off,
water tight surface.
It's like a fucking, it's like a Petri dish.
It's kind of gross.
Like you're not even supposed to reuse.
But I feel like this is a Columbo moment
where you've already said, like,
if you didn't know it was gross,
you wouldn't have bought a new mouthpiece and tube.
Like you would admit that it's gross,
but you think that you've hedged your bets on the grossness.
It's kind of, it's living in a pretty cool city
where you can buy just like attachments for water bottles.
I don't know what story this is.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Who wants to know?
Thanks, Ira, it's by Yahoo.
The American government.
The American, is he like Edward Snowden?
He's at least number two on the list.
Oh, fuck, I'm so sorry that I evoked that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, it's fine, let me help you with this question.
Yahoo, please, I won't read the Yahoo if you don't.
Please, go ahead, it's just me, Snowden.
So that's by Yahoo Answers user Anna, who asks,
can anyone find me an article
about not smacking horses in the face?
Can anyone find me an article
about not smacking horses in the face?
Can anyone find me an article about not smacking horses in the face?
That's worded weirdly.
My sister seems to think that smacking my horse in the face
solves every problem,
and even though I've told her a hundred times
not to smack him in the face.
Every problem?
She says I'm being too soft and does it anyway.
He's getting head shy.
Sorry.
Getting smacked in the head turns you head shy?
Like, yeah, I guess it makes sense.
Yeah.
And I still can't convince her to just verbally tell him off.
Or even smack him on the neck.
Just not his face.
Her and my horse are having problems deciding who is the boss.
So do any of you know of an article that would say
not to do that, I can send her.
Additional details.
My sister partially owns, quote unquote, my horse.
So I can't tell her not to go near him.
She is an excellent rider and is generally great with them,
but her and this horse just don't get along very well.
So far, all of your answers have been great.
Thank you so much.
Okay, there's a lot going on here.
First of all, every problem?
Damn this Obamacare.
God damn it.
I tried to use that website for a week and I can't do it.
And I broke my arm and I can't.
Come here.
Son of a bitch.
Sorry.
I mean, this is for you.
For to run better.
Secondly, are there other circumstances in which you
verbally tell off the horse and the horse goes, I know.
You're right.
Listen, I blew it.
I fucking blew it.
Listen, you're preaching the choir, okay?
I know.
I tried to cancer over those crossbars and I fucked it up, okay?
You don't have to hit me.
There's no pain you could give me that's worse than the guilt
I'm feeling right now, Deborah.
God damn it.
I also don't think you're going to say that someone else
partially owns your horse.
I think that by definition makes it our horse.
Or that makes it both of your horses.
Look, it's God's horse.
Yeah.
You may be leasing this horse and subletting it to your sister,
but make no mistake, it belongs to our Lord and Savior.
What's the original question?
What's the-
Can anyone find me an article about not smacking horses in the face?
I can find you a wicked lot of articles that are not about smacking horses in the face.
I bet you can't find any articles about not smacking horses on the public internet.
Yeah, that's right, Justin, an excellent point.
You're saying-
They're on the secret-
Edward, you're saying that the NSA-
Yes?
Runs some sort of-
Follow it to the end, shake it through.
Runs some sort of-
Add it up.
All the trapeze is coming together.
Some sort of website network that is-
Think bigger, Benghazi.
Benghazi is when two shooters were the grassing-
The grassing all, actually, added up.
And to the right, then hold on, I'm almost there.
You're so close.
The national treasure to Book of Secrets, Book of Secrets.
It's the Book of Secrets.
Then I think that all horses are Illuminati?
Welcome to the-
This is the first puzzle, I use it to test everyone.
Can you find the article about not smacking horses?
It's secret.
Oh, man.
Take it from me.
Let me Google smacking horses plus-
No, don't use regular Google, you must use Sheogol.
Let me go into incognito mode.
Sheogol.
Sheogol.
I'm in Sheogol.
Secrets.google.hotspot.
Secrets.google.hotspot.geocities, then let's search-
.angelfire.
.angelfire, a lot of redirects, but okay.
Angelfire, and then search-
.lycos.
.lycos, at some point I'm gonna type Sheogol in here.
.lycos, then I'll copy and paste all of that into AltaVista.
Quote, horse smack, one word.
Quote, WikiLeaks.
You are going to be very surprised when the result is just a picture of Jimmy Hoffa's grave.
Quote, stonemasons.
Stonemasons, very good.
All right, I think that should be good enough to-
.Guys, my computer screen just went bright red.
What does this mean?
That is blood.
You have found a secret.
Did I just kill-
Oh, I killed the whole internet.
I can't look up this Yahoo answer anymore.
That was the kill switch that I just turned-
Okay, this has been a lot of fun.
Don't smack a horse in the fucking face.
What are you fucking-
What are you fucking talking about?
What are you fucking talk-
Like, what are you talking about?
We've considered everything about this question,
except for the fact that we're talking about literally hitting a horse in the face.
Our relationship-
And not only that, but that she's talking to her sister,
who apparently needs some written proof that that's a bad thing to do.
Don't smack him in the face.
Oh, prove it.
Show me an article about it.
No, how about I smack you in the face?
Let's be honest.
Our relationship with horses has always been tenuous.
Our basic interaction with horses is,
I don't want to run while I want you to run.
Well, I don't want to.
Well, I have sharp points on my shoes.
So, I guess you're going to.
Yeah, why don't you learn how to use metal,
and then, like, come back and talk to me, I guess.
I have, like, spikes on my heels.
I have, like, spikes that I made out of metal that I got out of the ground,
and then I smelted.
Hey, do you know anything about smelting horse?
Then why don't you shut your fucking huge mouth?
Go eat some fucking oats.
Dumb motherfucker.
I invented computers.
Yeah.
Can you even use a computer?
Do they even have Horse Google?
I bet if I brought you a computer, you would just lick it.
You would just probably lick it, or maybe step on it and break it.
Great job, just bought that.
The job that I have that you don't have,
because you can't, like, make money.
Probably don't even know what money works.
Our being mean to horses is our right for working,
because horses don't have jobs.
So, their job is to get hit in the face by us to help us relieve our stress.
That's just, I mean, that seems obvious to me.
This bummed me out, this whole enterprise.
Stop hitting horses, everybody.
They're nature's most beautiful creature.
Their nature's candy.
You can wrestle them all you want, because that's fair.
Yeah.
Give me a question, Justin.
I recently went out on a couple of dates with a lovely young lady.
About the third time hanging out, I made a move and we did some kissing.
Without telling too much, it was, sadly, among the worst kissing experiences I have had.
We really enjoy hanging out together, and I anticipate more of the same.
So what, if anything, can I do to make this situation better?
That's from somewhat surprised in Somerville.
Like, nothing.
Like, basic.
Here's the thing.
You learn, you do get better at it, but to, you have a, I think everybody has a cap.
And I think you hit that cap pretty fucking quick.
Like, I think-
Have you thought about filling out a comment card?
Like, in an anonymous Dropbox, and you put it in, and you're like,
oh, there's two cards.
I wrote one.
Shit.
Use of tongue.
Use of tongue.
You give me a two out of 10.
That's a two.
That's pretty brutal.
Lip moistness, six.
So that's not bad.
No.
Nose placement, four.
I got lip moistness, 10.
And I don't know if that means that my lips are, like, too moist.
They're, like, really super, super, super sloppy.
There's a butter zone in which you put butter on your lips.
Okay.
It means you're a camelback bottle.
So I think that your only way of addressing this is saying,
no, wait a minute.
I was gonna say something, but there's not.
There's no way.
There's nothing you could say.
Hey, I really like you, Susan, but-
Am I right in my assertion that you do get better at it?
Like, you start with zero, okay?
You're saying never been kissed fucking Drew Barrymore, okay?
And then after you kiss, like, a few people, you're getting better at it.
You have, like, one person you get especially randy with.
And we're gonna get blue here, talking about red hot pecs.
You reach a certain point where that's, like, that's as good as you get,
and you hit it really quickly.
I don't think it's, like, something that you just
master over the course of your lifetime.
I feel like by age, like, by age, like, 20, you're basically, like,
that's just your style at that point.
I mean, age is such a big thing in this question.
If you're talking about, like, if you're 15, 16, like,
well, yeah, that's fine.
If this is, like, a 26, 27-year-old person
and her kissing game is off, then, like, it's not gonna get better.
Again, it may not be bad.
They may not be bad at kissing.
It could just be incompatible.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, there's certain levels of moisture that need to pair up.
You can't have one person getting fully super sloppy double there
and the other person just Sahara over there.
Well, no, that is actually somewhere in the middle.
That's actually what I prefer is to have, like,
one person physical challenge and then the other person
is a cat on a hot tin roof, you know?
Yeah, absolutely.
Is it possible it's a symptom?
Because I imagine, like, if there was really, truly,
like, a real connection, it would be amazing no matter what.
Is that just too romantic?
You can connect, like, on a deep spiritual and emotional level
and then your kisses are just, like, two big mouth trains
just, like, crashing into each other.
That's where it should be, like, that back to the future moment
of, like, I feel like kissing my brother
and you're just, like, Hannah McCarty that says, like,
we're friends forever now and we're only friends.
It's really as tragic because maybe you just stop kissing, you know?
Just like in her, you don't need to express yourself physically.
You can phone fuck each other.
I was going to say Death to Smoochie, but I didn't see that movie.
I was going to say Pushing Daisies.
Okay.
All of those were pretty good except for Justin's example,
which I don't really think was Jermaine except for the fact that I had Smoochie.
I'm just basing it off the title.
I haven't seen the film.
Sure.
Yeah, it's too bad, though.
Really, it's a shame.
This is the best we have?
I mean, what can you fucking do?
What, go to kiss school?
Like, you can't fucking, like...
Oh, bring in, like, a Jackson Galaxy-esque character.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Just fuck it.
Just bring in Jackson Galaxy.
Bring him.
Let me kiss you on your weird, weird, weird, weird face.
Bring that weird face over here.
Come here.
I'm going to kiss your beard.
I'm going to kiss along the perimeter of your beard
and it'll be like a little lips roller coaster.
Whee!
I love writing your face, Jackson.
I think you're going to regret this when we start bringing on guests on the show
because I feel like Jackson Galaxy is exactly in our, like,
sphere of celebrity that we could conceivably get on the show.
You're going to feel pretty bad about lambasting him this way.
I think it's lambasting, although I would love to baste him in kisses.
It's hard for me to watch that show without getting just rock hard.
You know what I'm saying?
Because it's got everything I need.
It's got, like, a weird dude who looks like the bassist from Anthrax,
uh, but also people being stern to cats.
That gets my noodle going.
Meow, indeed.
My boner from hell.
I like that we've just accepted that people on this show
know that by name the host of an Animal Planet series
about making your cat not be such an asshole.
Oh, you know, Jackson Galaxy, the person on the show.
Pretty soon we'll get to just calling him Jackson
and everyone will know what we mean.
Jackie.
Jacob.
Jacob.
Do, uh, do another question, please.
I share a name with a well-known actor.
He's great, so it's not shameful at all,
but when I meet new people, they get so excited pointing out the name connection.
This includes when waiters or phone customer support people find out my name.
Deep, depending on my mood, I'll joke around and riff off some of the movie references,
but sometimes I'm exhausted by the topic.
Uh, if in my place, how would you either quickly riff
or move the conversation past the topic that I deal with on a near daily basis?
And that is from Daniel Craig.
And that's from Judge Reinhold.
Um, God, Daniel Craig doesn't really give you a lot of, a lot of runway.
You know what I mean?
Not a lot of riff.
If it was, if it was Judge Reinhold, then fuck.
That's a deep, deep, deep, deep vein.
Talking to him in the baby goose.
You got, uh, the police, police academy goose.
Daniel Craig, you got Bond.
You got, what was he in?
Trainspotting?
Was he in that?
No.
Pound cake.
Layer.
He was in, he was in the cake movie.
Cake boss.
I think you need one pat response that just shuts the whole thing down.
Uh, just say no relation.
No relation, maybe, or, or maybe just like something cute.
It's like, keep it down.
I'm trying not to get recognized.
Or like, I'm undercover.
Are these people like my accents?
Right.
That's the thing.
Like what if you're just, if you call the phone company, like,
Hey, what's up?
My name's Daniel Craig.
I'm calling about my phone service.
They're like, the Daniel Craig?
Like fucking listen to me.
Do you think that this is what Daniel Craig sounds like?
Hi, this is Daniel Craig.
I'm just calling like, do you Daniel Craig?
Like, yes, obviously.
I don't think he's experiencing confusion between thinking that Daniel
Craig is calling PF Chang's and putting in an order.
I don't think that's the problem.
I think it's just like the conversation that he's being forced into like,
Oh, like James Bond.
Yes.
Like James Bond.
Yeah, James fucking Bond.
What if you, what if you pretend like you lived in a one man alternate
universe in which the other Daniel Craig did not exist.
So when people were like, Oh, just like Daniel Craig, James Bond.
I'm like, I'm sorry.
What?
What?
I don't know that person.
Is that, no, you're not Daniel Craig for the movies.
Do you mean I haven't been in any movies?
Do you mean Pierce Brosnan?
Let me hit you.
Do you mean Woody Allen?
Let me hit you.
Let me hit you with this.
What if you live the rest of your life as Danny Craig?
No, no, Justin.
I'm not going to let Daniel Craig do that.
Danny Craig.
He's going to bow to other Daniel Craig.
Like he, he gets the title.
You can, you send Daniel Craig a sternly worded letter saying, listen,
you handsome motherfucker.
I don't know if you've seen his abs.
He gets whatever title he wants.
You're Dan-O from now on.
Dan-O Craig.
Dan-O Craig.
Your best bet is that Daniel Craig keeps doing great movies and he gets knighted.
And then he's Sir Daniel Craig.
And then I feel like the confusion will be alleviated.
Or then you can take Sir Daniel Craig.
You just add it to yourself.
Hi, I'm Sir Daniel Craig.
I would like the General Tso's chicken.
Hello, I'm Sir Daniel Craig.
My HBO has been a little bit fuzzy lately and I feel like the connection's really weak.
Oh, this sucks.
Just call yourself Judge Reinhold.
Nobody knows who that is.
So like, they will confuse you.
Judge, that's a weird first name.
Anyway, what'd you want?
Judge?
Nobody's called Judge.
Anyway, we're having a half off special on the Szechuan.
You in?
You in, coward?
Come on.
Come on, pussy.
You worried it'd be too spicy?
What's wrong?
Oh, you're worried we're gonna give you too much chicken?
God.
We're gonna be too flavorful that it's gonna be too great a value?
Just give me your order, asshole.
Are you worried you won't be able to fit the chicken into your baby's mouth?
Because you have a baby mouth?
Why is this P.F. Chang so hostile?
It's actually P.F. Chang's Last Resort is what it is.
It's the new, they're prototyping it.
It's basically a P.F. Chang's, but everyone's just like, really shitty to you.
And then Judge Reinhold actually calls there one day.
Like, what kind of fucking name is Judge?
He was like, I was in Two and a Half Babies.
What was that, what was it we called?
Thank you so much for listening to our comedy podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourselves.
Before you complain about this episode, get a little off topic from time to time.
Please remember that this is a holiday.
And that's it?
And we were good enough to record an episode for you.
Even with all of our big Martin Luther King Jr. plans, we were able to fit in an episode.
We squeaked in an episode, so we hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Like David Fador, Tanner, Negari, Harley, Craig Lynn, Jared,
Paul O'Regan, Stephen Strom, Fred Wood, Danny Persky, everybody.
You're all the best, and we really appreciate it.
If you want to tweet about our show, try to remember to include a link to our sampler,
bit.ly forward slash mabim bam 2013, or to our iTunes page would be fine.
And tell a friend about the show this week.
We would really appreciate it.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, on the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Had somebody tweeted us this week that they wanted us to put the days to bed?
Had somebody tweeted us this week that they went to a Long Winters show,
and they played It's a Departure?
And the person, I guess, never paid attention to whenever we said the thing I just said,
and like freaked the fuck out.
They're like, holy shit, I didn't know that was you guys, which is-
They never make it to the end of an episode.
I guess, I guess they hear, we want to thank you, and they're like, nope.
Not thanking me, I'm out.
And thanks again to Hulu Plus.
If you are the one person in the world who has not tried Hulu Plus yet,
it's time to let down your walls, and then try it,
and go to huluplus.com forward slash my brother,
and check it out, get that extended free trial when you go to that website.
Also, if you would like to have a personal or business shout out on The Money Zone,
just go to maximumfund.org forward slash jumbotron, and if you ask a loved one for that,
if you say, dearest sweetheart, all I want for my birthday is a shout out, tell them where to go,
so that we don't get confused, sad emails where they go, I don't know how to do it, please help.
Just say to your loved one, maximumfund.org forward slash jumbotron.
Trav, I've been meaning to ask you the whole episode.
You sound kind of Tom Waits-y.
Have you been eating beer bottles again?
Yeah, I'm a bluesman now.
Okay. Also, go check out the other shows.
You've listened to the new podcasts, right?
The four new podcasts?
Yeah.
I mean, they're so great, and they're so free, and they're so great and free,
so go check those out. You won't regret it.
And that's gonna do it for us here on my brother, my brother, and me.
If you want to send us a question, it's nbmbam at maximumfund.org, so do that.
Do you want that final?
Give me.
Okay. This final Yahoo! is sent in by Christopher Green. Thank you, Christopher.
It's by Yahoo! Answer to User Sophia, who asks,
do you learn how to twerk, or do you just know how?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me. Kiss your dad. Square on the lips.
Co-host of The Goose Down, along with Kimberly Clark.
And some of y'all might be asking yourself, what the hell is The Goose Down?
It's a comfort food, and we want y'all to climb underneath it with us
and snuggle up so we can find your ears and things.
So come check us out at maximumfund.org, also available on iTunes.
Geel!
