The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey, you know how we've been talking about not doing an intro?
Yeah. Yeah.
Stop. No, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Come on. I'm actually,
I am, I've been editing this show for 10 fucking years without complaint.
Uh-huh. I'm not going to,
I simply won't allow this to happen. I'm playing the card that I feel like I am owed
for that extra work and saying that this won't be a show.
Yeah, I know, I know, but riddle me piss, boys.
Justin, can you make, Justin, will you talk to him?
My name is Justin McElroy. My brother, my brother,
meets an advisor for The Mudge Manor. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm the riddle master. That's Travis.
I'm the sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. And Travis, can I say something?
You're obviously trying to be quiet so as not to wake up a young person.
And so like, yeah, there's something even fucking worse about him.
It's worse. It's worse. It's worse. It's worse.
It's like he's in my ear. I hate it.
Me piss needs riddled.
No, that's nothing.
We've never really gotten into what that title means,
but does the riddle master urinate in some sort of bowl
that then we're supposed to splash around? What's up with that, Trav?
When you get the answer correct, I piss a little.
Okay, sweet, man. Fuck yeah. Let's do it. Now I'm on board.
This one was sent in by Jonathan. Thank you, Jonathan.
If a chicken says all chickens are liars, is the chicken telling the truth?
No. Next question.
Well, I'm going to say yes. So certainly we've broken your spell, right?
Because he said no and I said yes. So the spell is broken.
One of the correct answers is out there.
Answer, chickens cannot talk.
That's actually a pretty good riddle.
That's actually a good riddle.
Is it? Is it? Because that seems like if you walk up to two statues
and one statue says, one of us always tells the lie,
one of us always tells the truth.
And I'm like, oh, I think the one on the right.
And you're like, no, fuck you. Statues don't talk, idiot.
Yeah, bud. That's a good solution to the riddle
because it's a little brain twisty. And Trav, can I say something?
This bit is fucking dead and you just killed it
because that was a good riddle.
And now you're the asshole.
Because chickens cannot talk is a good-
Maybe Jonathan's the asshole.
I want to call bullshit because if you say if in the riddle,
you are creating a reality in which this supposition is true.
If, then, right?
So it would be like me saying, if my Buick got into a car crash,
would it still be drivable? And then you thought about it
and then I would say, the correct answer is I don't have a Buick.
And it's like, okay, but we've already established the framework
in which the if is true.
Thank you.
So the if assumes that the chicken is talking.
What I should say is if a chicken says all chickens are liars,
is the chicken telling the truth? Answer.
Chickens cannot talk and you should probably seek help.
Then what you've established is I know that you think
that that chicken said all chickens are liars,
but my friend, chickens cannot talk and I'm worried about you.
Can I just dip in here real quick to assuage the audience's fears
and concerns and say that-
Well, you're going to assuage the audience's fears and concerns.
I'm going to go take a nap. I'll be back in 45 minutes
once you address all these concerns.
Justin does have a Buick.
He's always talking about his big, beautiful Buick enclave.
And I know people when they said, when Justin said that,
you were like, wait a minute,
has he been lying about his incredible Buick enclave this whole time?
And I just want you to know that was, Justin, say psych.
Psych.
Thank you.
All of that fan art would have gone to waste.
Of you riding around in your big fucking Buick,
hanging out the beautiful Buick.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I meant the fan art where people drew Justin
as a big, beautiful Buick enclave.
Oh, that's cool.
Any fan art in which I am not depicted behind the wheel
of my big, beautiful Buick enclave is actually non-canonical.
Yeah.
It is only canonical if I'm like in the Buick enclave
with tunes blasting.
Yeah, shit tunes.
I got the pedal to the sort of halfway to the metal at a safe speed.
Yeah, I saw a piece.
You have a cold brew waiting for you at home
where you will not be driving.
And that's hard to depict of an object that is that far away.
But Juice, one time on Tumblr, I saw you driving a Chevy Cruze
and I reported it.
I reported it and the user was promptly arrested.
Yeah, I love driving my big, beautiful Buick.
Yeah, we know.
One thing I do is that I leave the passenger side airbag inflated
so I can sleep in there because I know you want to leave it.
Yeah, it's nice.
Your family does miss you, by the way.
My family should be a Buick if they want my affection.
But Sydney called me and told me to ask you
to please come inside from the garage.
You've just been recording in the Buick and eating in the Buick.
Well, does Sydney have a Hemi?
You know, I haven't asked.
Does she go honk-honk when she talk?
No.
No.
She get 18 city, 26 highway?
No.
Is she a mid-sized luxury SUV?
No.
She's not my beautiful, beautiful Buick conclave.
Travis, what would you say, just to guesstimate,
Sydney's towing capacity is?
Is it 1,500 pounds?
Is it 1,500 pounds?
Oh no, not even close, there's no way.
Probably not.
Maybe 1,200?
Jeez.
Just another way in which Sydney doesn't really measure up
to the 2020 Buick enclave.
I love my children, but what they don't have
is a refined powertrain.
That's true.
That is gonna give you a gentle ride.
They have very little space for cargo also.
But Justin, can your Buick give you a hug?
You're missing the point, Travis.
You don't understand, Travis.
The Buick has the smart slide second row
that makes room for all the big groceries
Justin buys every week.
Yeah.
Dude, did my kids get called by U.S. News and World Report a car?
They didn't, right?
So no, they're not a car.
They're not my big, beautiful Buick enclave.
I guess that's true.
The saddest irony is I bought this big, beautiful Buick enclave
to tow my family around.
Right.
But the Buick enclave became a found family for me.
I have connected myself to it in every available pore hole
and sort of orifice, a car orifice that it possesses.
I am turning myself into a Matrix-like human hybrid.
Now, it is not a Toyota Matrix, Justin.
It is a beautiful Buick enclave.
Right.
That's a good point.
Right, that's a good point. Thank you.
So this is like in Lawn Mower Man,
except instead of connecting yourself to a lawnmower,
you're connecting yourself to a car.
It's not a lawnmower.
It's a beautiful 2020 Buick enclave.
Now, what if your children asked to get in the Buick with you?
Oh, there's a whole delousing process.
It's like the Andromeda strain.
They have to walk through a sort of antiseptic goo,
wade through that.
I will say about this, about the Buick enclave,
the interior stains like hysterically easily.
Like I sneezed in there and there's been a sort of beige spot
on the passenger seat that I just cannot get rid of.
If my kids want to sit in my big beautiful Buick enclave,
they're going to have lots of options.
There's three rows of first class seating in this back there.
Yeah, with a chest, got that chestnut interior.
Oh, I love that.
Yeah, it's really nice.
It's a beautiful, I mean, they have so many options,
except the option to come into the car and sit in it.
They can't sit in daddy's new wife, is I guess what I'm saying.
But wife is so reductive because it's also like my father.
And it's also like yourself.
This car is everything to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you know what you can't get with a Buick enclave?
What?
Within six feet of me, that's what I'm saying.
I don't get out of the enclave.
Okay.
Oh, I see.
It's a large vehicle, I think.
Once the dining room is reopened at McDonald's,
I'm just going to drive my enclave straight into it.
This is probably a bad time to mention this,
but this week's episode-
There's no bad time in my Buick enclave.
Time has no meaning.
Let me open the sunroof so I can use the included sundial
to tell what time it is.
And then I'll tell you if it's a bad time for this.
This week's episode is sponsored by Ford.
Wow, that is uncomfortable.
Yeah.
I guess we better start.
Well, anyway, I've got this new 2016 Ford Explorer.
That's really, it makes me want to barf saying good things about it.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I really want to throw up.
2019 Ford Fiesta.
Do not throw up in the Buick.
No, I would never.
It's got this.
I can't, guys, I can't stop talking about my beautiful car.
It's got a 3.6L V6 SIDI with VVT.
Whoa, whoa.
I don't want to tell tales out of school,
and maybe I'll have to cut this out,
but I feel like if your big, beautiful Buick Enclave drove-
Oh, boy.
Even you saying it, it makes me happy and sad.
Because get it out your mouth.
Yeah, if it drove right at a 2019 Ford Fiesta,
in a parking lot even, you're backing up.
You're not looking where you're going.
You're going to crunch one of these like a Bigfoot monster car.
So this thing's a tin can.
It won't protect your family like the Buick Enclave.
The Buick Enclave will die for you and your family.
The Buick Enclave.
I'm talking about 0% APR for 84 months, guys.
These things are wild.
That's a steal, Justin.
You're basically taking the Buick
from the dealership at that point.
And Justin, tell me about the curves
and how they satisfy you.
Oh, boy, you can get a personalized look.
They got enhanced functionality and utility.
There's assist steps if you want to go that route.
No way.
They got universal tablet holders
to rear seat entertainment,
all kinds of great options to keep the kids occupied.
Not that my kids are allowed in it.
Right.
Listen, I don't want to burn myself out
talking about the Buick.
Because listen, we have a lot of weeks of us
talking about the Buick ahead of us.
They got, listen, you buy accessories
for this thing online,
you're going to get free ground shipping.
You know why?
Because everybody at Buick loves
driving around in the Buick so much,
they take it as a delight,
as a treat to drive to West Virginia
to hand deliver it.
Because that's more time they get in the Buick.
I will say, I know I just sponsored
the idea of moving on,
but I will say I love it when you buy a Buick
at the Buick dealership.
And every time you do, everybody celebrates
because they know how happy
the Buick is going to make you.
Because it makes them so fucking happy too.
I had a Briss the first time,
a traditional Briss,
the first time that I bought a Buick.
And then when I came back three weeks later
for another Buick, they said,
it's time for another Briss.
And I said, I don't know how we're going to do it twice.
That's, I want the Buick for sure.
They said, okay, so you do want the Buick.
You can't have a Buick without the Briss.
That's what I have been told.
You just kind of dropped the piece of information, Justin.
Do you own two big, beautiful Buick enclaves?
Two in the East Wing, yes.
There are two East Wing Buicks
because one was lonely, okay?
Yeah, of course.
And I am buying them a son.
So there's a third one.
A Buick son, yeah.
Yes, it is their adopted son.
They sadly cannot reproduce independently.
I have to buy a new Buick to suit their needs.
So I guess just like, I'm fucking disappointed in you
for saying you didn't own a Buick.
How could you even joke about shit like that?
Yeah, there's nothing funny about Buicks as we've proven.
I just love this big, big car.
So this is an advice show and we help people
and here's our first question.
Brothers, I am 25 years old.
I have a college degree and I have never eaten a pickle.
I haven't been actively avoiding pickles.
I've just never gotten the urge to chow down
on one of those tiny, crunchy guys.
At this point, I want my first pickle experience
to be something special.
How should I spend it to make my first
real pickle eating experience something to remember?
Keep in mind, I'm allergic to peanuts,
tree nuts, gluten, milk, and bees.
I mean, the good news, Jimbles,
the good news is that none of those things
are traditional pickle components.
Oh wait, they say bees.
Nevermind, shit.
Now I'm glad they got out ahead of those allergies
because my first suggestion was obviously
gonna be a milk dipped pickle.
Yeah, because that is covered in nuts.
Cover it, cover it in nuts.
Now here's, this is a good, okay.
25, right?
25 years of built up pickle energy.
Yeah.
You don't wanna just pop open the jar,
sit down at your coffee table by yourself,
crunch into a Vlasic,
and then just, I don't know, doing nothing, right?
It could kill you.
It could kill you.
It could actually kill you if you do that.
But I'm saying, is that really what you've been waiting
25 years to do, or is it like,
this moment is 25 years in the making.
How are we going to make sure that you set it apart?
Because listen, after this, when you have your second pickle,
that can be nothing, right?
Your second pickle can be like,
oh, it was on the burger and I didn't even notice.
But your first pickle, that's special.
I wanna raise a red flag on this one
just to sort of get it out there.
You're allergic to peanuts, tree nuts,
gluten, milk, and bees.
Are you real, real sure you're allergic to pickles?
How confident are you that you're not allergic
to also pickles?
See, I was gonna say that you might not like them,
but your point is way better.
Yeah, you won't like them.
They're foul, but-
Whoa.
Sorry.
Last episode, we talked a lot of mad shit about vegetables,
and I was willing to let that slide.
But pickles are great.
Now not, oh, not whatever those sweet pieces of shit are,
but a nice dill, a nice crunchy dill.
Oh, that's heaven, my friends.
I think one thing you could do-
Griffin, settle it.
Make a ruling that we all have to abide by.
About whether or not pickles are good?
Yeah.
I like a little pickle,
but when I get served a whole fucking pickle spear
with my sandwich, I'm like, this is wasteful.
I just want a bite of pickle.
Okay, okay, stop the show.
Stop the show.
I need to talk about this.
All right.
Isn't it weird, as you get to be an adult,
you learn about this secret class of food,
and it is between foods that you like to eat
and foods that you don't like to eat, right?
There's this weird subclass where it's like,
I can eat a bit of this food,
but too much of this food, and I don't like it anymore.
That's wild, but I get it, right?
Like, I feel that way.
You know what I feel that way about mayonnaise?
If there's a thin kiss of mayonnaise-
Right.
I do enjoy a little bit of-
I go crazy for it, yeah.
The wetness, yeah, the crazy for it.
But if somebody just slops it on there,
it starts to make you wonder, maybe I don't like mayonnaise
because it's very present and very assertive in this sandwich.
That is one of the hardest things about getting my toddler to eat
is she's like, I don't think I like this.
And I'm like, oh, what I want to say is like, that's fair.
Like, okay, yeah, sure.
You're a human being with thoughts and feelings all your own,
and it's okay if you don't say enjoy, I don't know, celery.
That's fine.
It is weird.
I always feel compelled to give my kid a pass
on like, Charlie wouldn't eat cooked carrots a few nights ago.
And she was like, do I have to eat these?
I was like, absolutely not, they're foul.
They're gross.
They're so gross.
I like a cooked carrot.
I don't care, Travis.
You're not her father, as I have to tell you weekly.
I don't care how you feel about cooked carrots.
I'm just saying.
I want to pitch this, and this is actually,
this is a pretty good blanket solution to a lot of,
I don't like food, I don't like X food or drink questions
that we get, and it's, you get it.
Not that this is one of those, but go on.
That's kind of one of those.
It's that they don't, they're pretty sure they don't like them
or else they would have eaten them at this point.
They're afraid of pickles.
So like, let's start there and move on.
You get a big jar of pickles and just that,
and you go out bouldering in the lovely picturesque canyons
of Utah State, and then you have an accident
and fall in a ravine and get your arm trapped
by a very heavy rock that you can't move
or free yourself from the situation.
And you're going to spend some time there.
I'm going to say slightly more than 120 hours.
And what's that in your pack?
It is the big jar of pickles.
And after a while, like you are good.
You and that jar of pickles are going to be fucking road dogs.
Do you think if Aaron Ralston had a big jar of pickles
and didn't like pickles and was trapped
in that fateful canyon, he would be like,
oh, but I don't like these pickles.
And he would smash them to the ground?
Probably not.
He would probably get their nutrients and like them.
What you're saying is you cannot say you don't like a food
if you would eat it rather than starve to death?
No, I'm not putting labels on it.
I'm saying this is a good way.
And then you get saved by the park ranger
or you do remove your arm with like a credit card
or whatever the fuck.
And then you will be so grateful to pickles.
Pickles will now be your favorite food.
Five years from now, we get an email like,
hey, I can't stop eating pickles.
They saved my life in the picturesque canyons of Utah State.
And by the way, did you guys know
if you Google 120 something hours to figure out
the name of the movie, you will find out it's 127 hours
and you will see the top Google question,
which is, is Aaron Ralston's arm still there?
Which is so cool.
I love that.
I love the idea of park rangers.
Like one of them, like they're just like two of them
standing under a ravine looking up at this arm.
Just like, ah, fuck, I don't know.
Take your hat off.
Can I throw your hat up at it?
Nope, that didn't work.
Shit.
Do you think at hour 126 he started to get sentimental?
Like I'm gonna miss this.
This hasn't been fun through a lot of it,
but I can't believe I've only got one hour left of this.
Because he knew, he knew, he got trapped in there
and within seconds he was like in 127 hours.
The timer starts now.
I'm cutting my way out of here.
And you know, if he had made it to 128,
he would have won that boulder.
I want to dig into, I haven't been actually avoiding pickles.
I've just never gotten the urge to chow down
on one of these tiny crunchy guys.
I feel like pickles more than, I mean, literally any food.
Pickles are the food that are like,
I open something getting ready to enjoy it
and a pickle's like, I'm here too.
Oh yeah, everyone.
I've already, I already got your sandwich,
a little puree, more sound.
And come on in, the water is fine.
Like the pickle is, I cannot tell you,
there are so few foods that,
I can't think of actually any others
where like you get a food and it's coming to you
and then you open it and then a pickle is like,
I have also joined.
I have come along for the adventure of my lifetime.
It is like every restaurant when they were opening,
like every accidentally ordered some pickles.
That's what I always think when someone brings you your sandwich
and chips and a pickle, it's like,
okay, but this wasn't listed in the menu.
It wasn't like, it comes with a random pick.
I see the plate has chips.
You would not want to forget me.
I'd love to ensogen some of those beauties.
There's just no way that you haven't had a pickle
confronting you where you're just like,
I don't know what to do with this weird salty garnish.
You don't know what a pickle is
and you've eaten a pickle on a sandwich
but you didn't know, you were just like,
that's just wet cucumber.
I'll have that salty cucumber, yes, please.
Maybe they watched that funny Rick and Morty episode
and they think that the pickle has to be able to walk
and talk and have a face and be funny.
Isn't that weird that he's not called Rickle?
That's funny too, Trav, fuck.
Yeah, I know, right?
What a generous concept, Pickle Rick.
Can I do a yahoo?
Yeah, I just do want to say there's no fucking chance
that Pickle Rick is not in the new Tony Hawk remake.
Just 100% right now, definitely happening.
You think playable character or?
Oh, for sure, for sure.
Or like an NPC, you get a Questrum or?
I've never played Tony Hawk.
Pickle Rick, Baby Yoda.
I don't know who else.
Jared fucking, Jared Kushner.
Jared Kushner's in there, he's playable.
And he's smoking weed and that's like the thing,
you know, he's got all the tricks.
Fucking Billy Crystal.
He's doing crystal meth.
Graham Roebuck sent this question in.
Thank you, Graham.
It's yahoo answers user Savannah who asks,
and this is a good question.
How do surgeons remember each step during surgery?
Thank you.
How do they remember each step when they perform a surgery
updated one day ago, but sometimes your brain can forget things
and you can't always remember everything?
Really walking us through the concept of the question there.
But taking our hand.
I appreciate that.
In the last two weeks, I have baked six loaves of sourdough.
And each time I have had to check the steps of the recipe.
Fucking same sees with literally everything I cook.
I have cooked a curry out of a box
probably close to 100 times at this point in my life.
Every time still though, I get out that box like,
how much water you put in it?
I should, I know it, but I'm so afraid to ruin dinner.
And this is like ruining a pancreas or something
like a human pancreas.
Now, Trav, you said you bake six loaves of bread
and you still have to look at the recipe.
Correct.
If a surgeon told me this is the sixth one of these I've done,
I don't need to look at anything.
That wouldn't fill me.
Six is not like a lot.
Okay, but just in counterpoint, if you go in
and like before you go in, the surgeon's like,
I do need to set up a little like music stand here
with some step-by-steps on it.
I don't think you'd be like, cool, cool.
Let's do this, doc.
Awesome, cool.
That's why they have the fucking earpiece in.
What?
You never noticed that?
They got an earpiece, every surgeon has.
And then they got it.
There's a boss surgeon telling them
the different things they have to do
and occasionally ribbled jokes.
Oh my God.
And the mood is dour.
Here's the problem.
Justin's married to a doctor.
I have no idea if this is true or not.
Yeah.
All right, Dr. Bibbin, it's me, your favorite supporter.
Sorry, Dr. Bibbin?
Dr. Bibbin and I'm here on support
and this time I thought I would deliver the steps to you
in the form of a very fun rap that I have written.
So it goes a little something like this.
Tracheotomy, not a lobotomy.
Cut that throat and cross the moat.
That's what I call the river of blood.
If you've made a river of blood, clean it up.
Get it out.
They've died.
Oh, I skipped a step.
Oh no.
There has to be a moment, right?
Even if it's like your 300th time performing that surgery
that maybe you're like, it's like after you've driven a route
a lot of times where like suddenly you're just home
and you're like, huh.
Absolutely not.
I hope to fuck you wrong.
I hope to fuck you wrong.
I know what you're saying, Travis, and like point taken
but I absolutely hope you are 100% correct.
I guarantee that.
The last thing I need is the dude's like,
hey, I know this gallbladder is giving you problems
but I'm putting this bitch on cruise control.
That's the thing, right?
There has to come a point where like it's an hour later
and they're like, I did that one thing, right?
Yeah, yeah, no, I definitely did.
I just, it's a terrible picture you've painted, Travis.
If I was a doctor, if I have to drill a hole in my house
in the wall of a house to like put in a drywall anchor
or something like that, I check my shit a hundred,
like I will have marked it with a pencil
and have the drill bit up against it and stop and be like,
let me just do the stud finder.
Let me just check this again.
Let me check this again.
Cause once I put this hole in my wall,
that is going to be a hard thing to undo.
I'm imagining me with scalpel on somebody's like arm
or whatever, just like, and it is this arm, right?
They wanted it on arm.
There's something bad with arm, okay.
Imagine waking up, you were put under
for a gallbladder surgery and now you're waking up
from the anesthesia and you're like, how did it go?
And the doctor's like, you know, I didn't do it.
I think I just need a little more time to get ready
to just get in the right head space.
We're going to do it tomorrow.
I fucking chickened out.
I'm sorry.
I got in there and everything was so wet and red.
I just bailed, I'm sorry.
I had a tutorial up on the YouTube,
but our internet's being so weird today.
It was really laggy and I was so,
and then I got a pop-up for like how to make the best pesto.
And I was like, I do want to find out about pesto.
And one thing led to another and I went down a deep rabbit hole
and now you're awake.
Oh, let me sew you up.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Oh shit, shit, shit.
No, but they can't get mad at you.
It's like, wait, you didn't know how to take out a gallbladder
and it's like, well, I sure as fuck knew better
than you would have done it at home.
It's definitely better than that.
I did a better job than you would have done.
It's a thing that at some point you are some surgeon's,
let's say third patient, not their first
because that's scary right there.
But they've practiced, they've done this.
They had like, every surgeon has to have their first time
without training wheels, right?
Yeah, sure.
Sure, I guess.
But anyways, trust doctors, that is very important.
Trust doctors, it is important,
but there has to be a first time, right?
Here's a fix.
No, I want to talk about this.
Okay.
The first time, I think basically the way it works is like this.
You have a big doctor and there's a little doctor.
Right.
And at first, the little doctor is like standing
on the big doctor's feet and the big doctor's holding
their hands and doing all the cutting for them, right?
Yeah.
And then they keep doing surgery after surgery.
And then just one time they like look behind them
and they realize that the big doctor is now in the bathroom.
Now they're the big doctor.
They slipped away in the night.
They're dead?
You're the doctor now.
They were never alive.
Oh.
They were actually alive in this one.
In this one, they were alive.
That's a basic idea.
It's basically like the bicycle, like learning to ride a bike.
Like the big doctor is holding your waist
and then you are doing the entire surgery
and you realize like they let go already
and you're just like still doing it.
But if you're not ready, then you just kind of scalpel,
just rip.
I can't do it.
And then you fast forward to the big doctor walking
the little doctor down the aisle and giving them away
at their wedding and then their first dance.
And once again, the little doctor
stands on a big doctor's feet and they dance.
Oh, that's good.
Let me hit you guys with this solution to this problem
that this Yahoo Answers user has pointed out for us.
I think doctors probably forget the steps of surgeries
all the time and need cue cards or whatever.
And I think one way around that is
if each procedure that could be done
had just the one doctor that could do it
and they're the only one.
So like if you need your tonsils out,
they would call Dr. Tonsils.
And it's a weird coincidence that that was doctor's name,
but she would just roll up and be like,
hello, I'm Dr. Tonsils.
I know I look like Ms. Frizzle,
but let's get those bad boys out.
I've done this 659,000 times.
I have a big sack full of tonsils
that I carry around with me.
If you have a heart attack,
it'll be like, uh-oh, call Dr. Heart Attack.
And he would roll up and be like,
I do the heart attack surgery.
I think that this is why you have,
to be unfunny for a moment,
highly trained nurses and other doctors in the room
so that when you skip maybe steps six and seven,
there's somebody going,
hey, you're gonna tie that off, right?
I mean, you were going to.
You definitely were going to.
I just wanted to say it.
You're gonna tie that off, right?
A bit of it of the doubt.
Listen, we're not doctors.
We have to make our money the honest way around here.
We can't rely on big podcasters.
I consider myself a bit of a podcast doctor.
Okay, that's interesting.
Oh, you've handed me a business card here.
Yep, that's what it says, podcast doctor.
That's a little bizarre.
For a while, it said doctor podcast,
but that was misleading.
I'm something of a joke surgeon, aren't I?
I get in there with my precision and my scalpel.
Justin, anything you'd like to add?
Justin, any sort of funny joke?
I'd like to say this.
Let's go to the Mighty Nein.
I'm a comedy anesthesiologist
because my jokes put people to sleep.
Hey, that's good, Trav.
I mean, it's not.
I wish they didn't.
It wasn't something I was aiming for.
I want to tell you about stamps.com.
Can you get a little bit of enthusiasm?
I want to tell you about stamps.com.
No, this is cool.
Do the whole thing like this.
For all our sakes, we need to avoid crowds.
Who's this?
This is the guy who loves stamps.com.
Come up with a name.
His name is-
Don't say Dr. Stamps.
Roger.
Yeah.
Rabbit.
Okay.
No relations, spelled different.
R-A-B-E-T, rabbit.
And Roger is spelled-
This ad sucks.
Okay.
Okay, listen.
We need to avoid crowds.
Listen, listen to me.
Listen to me.
Are you listening?
We need to avoid crowds at all costs,
any way we can right now.
But what if you need to go to the post office?
What if you need postage to send out a letter and package?
Don't worry.
Stamps.com is here to help.
I'm smuggling this message out to you
so that you know that stamps.com brings all the services
of the US Postal Service right to your own home, office,
or anywhere else you are hunkering down right now.
Use your computer to print official US postage 24-7
for any letter, any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you want to send.
The government doesn't want you to know this,
but you can do it with stamps.com.
Once your mail is ready,
you just leave it for your mail carrier
or whoever your runner is.
If you have like carrier pigeons, whatever,
schedule a free package pickup or drop it in a mailbox.
No human contact required.
It's that simple.
With stamps.com, you get great discounts too.
It's five cents off every first-class stamp
and up to 62% off shipping rates.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitments.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother, all one word.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
Stay safe, my friends.
What'd you guys think?
Good, man. Good, man.
You got the job.
You got me fucking hyphy.
I want to tell you about Stitch Fix.
It's a box of clothes that will come to your house
and you're going to work with a personal stylist
who is real and you're going to tell them
what looks good on you, what kind of shapes you are.
Hey Griffin, can I give you just a quick note?
Mm-hmm.
Like my, okay, for my ad,
like I created kind of like a rich fiction.
Sure, yeah.
What the situation was, kind of what my character was.
Like you could picture me like in a foxhole.
But that's your thing.
Like the reason people like me and what I bring to the show
is that like my guy like doesn't give a fuck.
And people like, like-
Oh, could you play that up then?
I'm saying there's like a type of overachiever
that like really goes for the type of vibe
that you're laying down.
But then there's a bunch of like kind of cool
like slacker, like stoner, fucking skeezy weirdo.
I think you could slack more then.
Could you give me a little more slack, please?
Yeah, okay, I'll start over.
Oh, clothes.
Clothes, I get it.
But Stitch Fix is great for this.
You're gonna tell a website what kind of shapes you are.
No, it's cool.
It's whatever.
And then a personal stylist.
And that sounds so like grown up, I get it.
But it's, trust me, it's cash.
They're gonna set you up nice.
Colors, styles, budget, and a $20 styling fee.
But it's credited towards anything you keep.
Anyway, there's no subscription required,
which is cool because we hate subscriptions, don't we?
And they have shipping and returns.
So you can get started to-
The shipping and returns and exchanges are easy and free.
Like everything should be.
Listen, because I'm gonna get real now.
You need to get started today at stitchfix.com
Let me hold your shoes.
And you will get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
You didn't just say 25%, I'll tell you, you're fucking lying.
No, I'm not gonna say psych on this one.
Go to stitchfix.com slash my brother for 25% off
when you keep everything in your fix.
Fam, it's just one URL.
You got this in you.
You got this in you, stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Oh, we all use it.
And that we all, I might say,
we all have personal experience with Stitch Fix.
I'm wearing Stitch Fix pants right now.
Wow, and I'm wearing Travis's Stitch Fix pants also.
What?
I'm in this pocket.
Hey!
Hey.
What's up?
I'm also wearing your buns.
Cool.
Hey, Max Funsters, it's Jesse Thorne.
This week on my public radio interview show Bullseye,
I'm talking with Tina Fey and Robert Karloch
about creating Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,
30 Rock, and also just kind of why they're the best at everything.
There was a window of time when we used to go to awards things
and pick up our prizes and party with the people from Mad Men.
You can find Bullseye at maximumfun.org
or wherever you listen to podcasts.
Just search for Bullseye with Jesse Thorne.
Huh?
Did that come from my pocket?
Open your pocket.
Oh, okay.
I want a munch.
Squad!
But I want too much.
Squad!
Welcome to Munch Squad, it's a podcast within a podcast.
Within a pocket.
Within a pocket.
This is Throwback Munch Squad,
which is a podcast mini-series within a podcast within a podcast
where we talk about the real latest
because they're very old, they're very old ads
because no one is making new food anymore.
And the ones that are are depressing and not funny anymore.
They used to be very funny.
Fast food chains, kids don't remember,
but fast food chains used to do silly things
and now they just do boring things.
Like if I go to one of my old sources,
here's one of the headers.
Brewster's real ice cream adds sweet and salty treats to menus.
Right?
That seems fine.
Very first sentence of this press release is
with the effects of coronavirus, COVID-19, still top of mind,
creating new routines and traditions can be restorative.
Hey, are you just selling ice cream?
Are you?
Because I think you need to calm down.
I'm trying to have fun over here with the Munch Squad.
Yeah.
So we are gonna head on back,
get in the way back machine, April 16th, 2001.
This is from Oliver and I very much appreciate it.
Arby's has appetite for adults.
All right.
Oh no.
This is maybe the sexiest Munch Squad I've ever done.
So hang in there with me.
With its adult positioning now established,
Arby's is testing an advertising approach designed for mature audiences.
The quick service chain is once again,
tapping the star power of R&B crooner, Barry White.
Only this time as a new character,
the company refers to as Appetite Man.
Shit, yeah.
Aimed at touting the crave appeal of the chain's menu,
Arby's created, see these days we say craveability.
That's how far we've come in these 19 years.
Arby's created a character it thought would represent how,
quote, passionate, seductive, and discriminating a person's appetite might be.
I know what you're saying.
Is this the same person that's driving into Arby's?
And the answer is yes, it is.
The Appetite urges you to act on your real desires
and not settle for ordinary fast food because your appetite wants the best.
They don't finish the sentence,
but I'm assuming it ends with thing that is available at Arby's.
The best thing that they have on the menu of Arby's.
So what better personification of what the company refers to as,
quote, passion, love, and seduction than Mr. White?
The singer was also a natural choice since the company
already had good results using him in its 99 campaign.
This is fucking so wild that someone's like three years after the fact like,
can we try Barry White again and this time we'll call him Appetite Man?
And that person got promoted.
So is the idea that you watch it and his singing makes you horny,
but because you're watching the Arby's commercial it's kind of a coin flip
of whether you will feel like wanting to have sex with a human being
or wanting to go eat a beef and cheddar max?
Or both!
Actually, in this specific situation, I have the only,
they describe what the ads they're making for test markets are, right?
Okay.
And these are, there's only one actual ad that they made
with Appetite Man that I could actually find.
So we're gonna take 30 seconds to listen to that
and then I'm gonna describe the other wild ones that they had in store.
So here's this first.
This is your Appetite Talking and this is a tasty alert.
You're not gonna believe this baby.
Right now, five Arby's roast beefs are just $5.95.
Oh, that slow roasted beef.
So tender, so juicy, and those sauces.
That's what you want, baby.
Get five Arby's regular roast beef sandwiches for just $5.95, but not for long.
If you want the tasty, you gotta be hasty.
Give in to your grown-up tastes.
That's cool.
I think that it is nice to know that for under six dollars
I could potentially permanently halt my entire gastrointestinal process
for the rest of my life.
Five Arby's, five of those bad boys.
Five is, hey Barry, five is so many.
Oh my gosh, it's a lot.
And there is no point in that commercial where he's like,
and share them with a friend.
Like it's just for me, I think, to eat these five sandwiches.
If I put five of them in me,
the organs inside me that make the poop happen
would look at each other like that's it.
In the commercials, the soul singer invades people's lives
with the Pavlovian timing to personify their hunger pains,
first as a voice,
then appearing in miniature in the amazed person's stomach.
This is so fucking unfair that I don't have the, it's so,
quote, there's a little Barry in all of us,
says Scott Lippitt,
exec VP group account director on Arby's.
In one spot, a man is driving his wife,
obviously in labor, to the hospital.
Suddenly he hears Mr. White say,
hey baby, we're in the mood for something tasty.
The expectant father looks down at his stomach
and sees Mr. White who says, this is your appetite, baby.
You gotta give into love.
The dad-to-be now asks, but do we have time?
The appetite man has the answer, drive through.
The spot closes with the wife driving
while the husband eats.
Wow.
Oh, wow.
Do you know how wild it is that in this spot,
there's a man whose wife is in the passenger seat
with a small baby in her stomach
and then this man discovers
that a small Barry White lives in his stomach?
He's grown up.
How has that played out?
Do you think when he looks the fate,
like is it just CGI'd in
or is it like Barry White's face is the stomach?
It's practical.
I bet it's Barry White in a diaper,
just like a big baby Barry White.
A second effort takes a direct shot at McDonald's
where Mr. White asks, which is very good,
Mr. White asks, hey baby, why are you eating that clown food?
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Get him.
Sick burn, dog.
So, uh, appetite man is a campaign
that I'm guessing they just chicken out on
because everything's on YouTube and this is not.
So, uh, that seems unfair to me personally,
so I don't think they ever actually went through with it.
Will you read the first line of the presser again?
Sure, bud.
I'm happy to.
With its adult positioning now established.
By what?
Like what?
What the fuck did they do?
Did they establish their adult positioning
with the headline of this press release
or were they doing,
were they like sexing it up a little bit?
Actually, let's drill down on this for a second.
Yeah.
With its adult positioning now established,
Arby's is testing and advertising a purge
designed for mature audiences.
So what, what is happening?
Are you saying that adults love it so much
that we're just gonna make sexy ads for adults now?
Is that the way it works?
If I may take it one step further
and go before the comment,
was there a time where people were like,
Arby's, that's only for kids.
That's kid, that's a three quarter pound pile of meat.
That's just for kids.
Arby's is for kids.
That's kids stuff.
What kind of grown adult would eat Arby's?
Us grownups like thick slices of beef.
These tissue papers thin.
Give me a slab.
What are you talking about?
I want a fine food restaurant that sells cigarettes.
That's my five-year-old nephew,
Gorfus loves jamoca shakes.
Those curly fries, too whimsical.
They put them around their fingers.
That's why they make them curly
so fucking kids can do that.
I want adult food for a man.
Give me some horny food.
I have horny adult food cravings
and Arby's with its thin slices of meat can't satisfy it.
I have a dark passenger that craves them meaty slabs
that I can really bite into.
Fucking motts sticks?
They might as well be pacifiers for babies
because I'm an adult and I don't eat that kind of shit.
Now what's this?
Barry White likes it?
Well, hold on now.
Hold on.
If my favorite singer,
if my favorite singer in 2001, Barry White likes Arby's,
maybe he wouldn't throw in with some fucking kid food.
No.
This is food for grown adults.
I trust him.
He knows sex.
This is a passion project by Mr. White.
Emphasis on the passion.
I went lots of places to fuck this sandwich.
Look at it.
Put it anywhere.
Barry, that always a stick to the coffee, Barry.
Listen, when you stack up this many slices
of delicious roast beef,
the odds are somewhere on it,
it will look like genitalia.
All right, Barry, if you could just read,
it's the guy's driving his wife to-
I got one of the sesame seeds from the buns
right in my pee hole.
That's not sexy.
Baby, I don't know what is.
Slather that up in horsey sauce.
And oh, nope.
The tanginess of the sauce does not feel good.
No, Mr. White, please.
It just says drive through, baby.
Let me rub your feet in au jus.
Oh, okay, now you're actually doing that to me?
Yeah, baby.
Mr. White, I am-
Sexual.
Very comfortable.
Sexy Arby's food.
Arby's is still for adults and kids alike.
And I really appreciate them sponsoring this episode.
It's a co-branded episode between them and Buick.
No, we couldn't get Buick.
We couldn't get Buick.
I would fucking put a stick of dynamite in my car
and blow it up and never have it again
to eat one beef and cheddar right now.
I'm looking at a picture-
I'm confronting an enormous picture of one right now.
I have a cheap kill bill replica sword
my friend got me at an anime convention a few years ago,
but due to neglect slash terrible craftsmanship,
it has started to fall apart.
It's not sharp, but it is a real sword.
Are swords recyclable?
Is there something better I can do with it?
That's from Katana Katie.
Woof.
What kind of maintenance is one supposed to be doing
to the kill bill sword that their friend got them?
Cause I have-
Sword oil.
I have not been doing that.
That's one thing you learn about being an adult
is that almost everything that you take-
Like anytime you start Googling about how to,
almost every adult thing requires some sort of regular oil
and lubrication that nobody's doing.
That's young, yeah.
There's a really narrow window in your life
where being allowed to have a sword
and wanting to have a sword are happening at the same time.
Because when you're young, of course we all wanted swords.
I would ask-
We would go to anime conventions
by which I mean almost exclusively mid-Ohio con
every year with our dad and I would say,
father, father, will you buy me one of these big cool swords?
And most of the time the answer was no
until I was old enough to get a sword
and he got me a replica buster sword from Final Fantasy
which was unwieldy and difficult to use.
But then I did get high once and chop a watermelon with it
and forget to clean it.
I forgot about that.
It got sticky and rusty and bad,
but then also I didn't want swords anymore.
So I threw that in the garbage can.
Like I threw it in a dumpster.
The answer is the only way to throw away a sword
is a dumpster illegally dumping a sword right in there.
I would worry that if that happened,
someone might find it and use it in a murder
and there's my prints all over it.
All over it and your watermelon.
I would say you would have to melt it
in some kind of ceremonial fire.
That's cool.
And then maybe forge a new sword for your children
so that they can carry on your wandering warrior ways.
I know people are probably wondering,
was it the coolest fucking thing you've ever seen
when you cut a watermelon all up with a buster sword?
And the answer is yes, it's unimaginable.
We did it indoors in a kitchen.
It was so fucking rad
and the best thing I'll ever do in my whole life.
And it's bad to have peaked at like 20.
Is it advisable, Griffin?
Like if somebody right now is eyeballing
that watermelon they got from the store
and their buster sword replica.
Would you recommend that they do it?
This was my, I want to say sophomore year of college,
which means I was terribly high.
There was no part of this that was good.
You hear me say I cut up a watermelon
in a big omnislash in our kitchen
with a replica, a very, very heavy buster sword.
And you think, well, that's only the kind of thing
that a very high person would do.
And then you think, uh-oh, but they shouldn't be.
How many people were around you, Griffin?
Everyone was around me.
I'm not, I knew it was a one-time thing.
Everyone was around you, okay.
Yeah, they were supporting me.
They all had a hand on me as I did it,
channeling their energy into me.
Melted Down is a good one
and you can turn it into something like weak
and then you're fine with about the murder part of things.
That's fair.
Just hang it to Goodwill and be like,
y'all want a sword?
They probably will say yes.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah, we'll take it.
Take a sword.
Should have a garage sale
and it's just a folding table with one sword on it.
When someone goes to buy it, you're like,
oh, I can't just sell this to you.
You have to prove yourself.
That's so worthy.
Let me get the owner.
And by the way, they're yelling this at you
from six feet away.
So you just sort of arranged this
so people could come and look at your sword?
Well, prove you're worthy.
I'm charging a mission, by the way.
You owe me $15.
No, the stuff for sale is in the garage,
but you got to get past me first.
Go get your sword.
Go home and get your sword.
We'll cross blades.
Oh, shit.
Is yours a real Atori Hanzo?
Fuck.
Yeah, it is.
I got some cool VHSs in there
that are going for a fucking song, man.
But you do have to duel me right here
from six feet away, which is going to be tough, man.
1v1 me, bro.
Go outside of your yard, get a big fake rock.
Okay.
Jam the sword down into the big fake rock.
Now, are you're just assuming that in my yard
there are big fake rocks?
Yeah, Travis.
Buy a big fake rock.
Oh, okay.
Why would there be?
If it's in your yard, it's a real rock.
Yes, that's what I was going to say.
A big fake rock.
You jam the sword into the big fake rock.
You wait for people to pass by.
They see a sword in a big fake rock
and they're like, fuck, of course.
Just human nature.
You have to try to see if you're the one.
Yeah.
So they go to remove the blade from the rock
and guess what they've discovered?
Uh, just a moment too late.
Oh, no.
Just the wrong moment.
One second too late.
You've fallen in my trap and you've touched the jelly
I put all over the sword handle.
Oh, my God.
Oh, shit.
Now you're like, what do you have on your hands?
Uh, excuse me.
I'm going to sue you.
I have jelly all over my hands.
Why do you have all the jelly on your hands?
Is it trying to take the sword out of the stone?
Well, that's fucking idiotic.
You're the idiot.
You got jelly on your hands.
You wear that.
You own it.
That's my sword.
It's in my yard.
It's my sword.
You don't have the right to take a sword that's mine on my property.
Would you just walk up and try to take my bird bath
to see if you're the one?
No.
I bought this house to try to give myself time
to get strong enough to pull the sword out of the stone.
And you think you're just going to walk up here and take it?
That's why you have a jelly.
That's why there's little bees all over you right now.
They're swimming around your hands,
waiting for the moment of strike.
Now do you want that sword?
Because I will sell it to you.
Now you've bought it and your prints are all over it.
No, you know what?
I'll say this.
Go ahead and try again.
And if you can pull it out, you're right.
You got jellied again.
Why?
You fell for it.
You knew there was jelly on there.
You knew there was jelly.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
My brother, my brother, and me,
we hope you have enjoyed yourself here.
We've certainly had fun chatting with you.
If you are so inclined,
you can head on over to McElroyMerch.com.
We've got a t-shirt with our new art on it,
t-shirt with our old art on it to protest our new art.
We have some fun summer magnets.
And there's still,
let me just check a few left
of our 10th anniversary commemorative plate.
So you do want to get,
I can't even.
It's tough to even.
It is there.
I'll just say it's there.
I'll just say it's there.
I also want to say,
if you go to,
this is just a little secret between friends,
between you and me.
If you go to theadventurezonecomic.com,
you can pre-order the Adventure Zone graphic novel book,
Three Pedals to the Metal.
It is, and I'm not just saying this,
our best one yet.
It is absolutely gorgeous and good,
and you will like it.
And it is coming out in July.
So don't wait.
Pre-order it now,
theadventurezonecomic.com.
Thanks to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure,
off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
Great tunes, man.
Crank them up over the cooler
that you have by yourself
outside at a safe place.
And thanks to Maximum Fun
for having us on the network.
Go to maximumfun.org,
check out all the great shows there,
including The Outer Reach,
a new narrative podcast,
a short engagement,
limited engagement.
That's really, really slick.
And yeah, y'all want that final?
Yes, please.
It was sent in by Nicole.
Thank you, Nicole.
It's from Yahoo Answers user, Crabby, who asks,
What is the next big ring pop flavor?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
This has been my brother, me, kiss your dad, square on the lips.
