The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, I'm John Williams, and welcome to the Olympics.
Recognize that one? That's the little tune I came up with called the Olympics.
That's the John Williams joint.
We're coming to you guys, coming to you guys live from Sochi, and oh my,
oh the sidewalk outside my hotel has cracks in it.
Oh my, it's so cold here in Russia because I didn't know it'd be cold in the winter.
I'm so fucking over it.
I'm- you get to travel to all these exquisite places.
Exquisite, I meant to say exotic, but it's an exquisite place too.
I just don't-
There is nothing going wrong in Russia right now.
You are lucky to be there.
This podcast, by the way, is brought to you by the Russian Olympic Committee.
Go check it out. It's great. Everyone's welcome.
The best Olympics since ever.
Since ever, basically.
You're welcome, the world.
Sincerely, Russia.
Russia has a lot of great features that I think journalists are missing
when they're complaining about hotel rooms and-
Here's what they're missing out.
Lots of affordable real estate.
Oh man, you just- you know what?
My- our new- I've been working with the Tourism Committee.
Our new slogan is room to stretch out.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Room to create your own smaller country inside our country.
And no one else will live.
No, no one would know for years.
That's how Japan got started.
I don't know, guys.
Obviously, Russia's done some pretty shady shit.
Putin, I guess I'm not a huge fan of Putin, all things told.
Oh, I get it, Travis.
I don't like to-
Yeah, god damn it.
I'm trying to fucking elevate the level of discourse in this show.
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
I just feel like in the opening ceremony,
there was like this big elaborate thing
where they had these five snowflakes
and then they expanded to make the five Olympic rings.
Only one of them didn't deploy and everyone was like,
nice try, Russia.
Like guys, it's a- it was a- it was one fucking thing.
Can you cut them a little bit of slack?
Like shit's not great there.
Yeah, they don't have like-
Do you know that to make this-
Do you know how many people they've had to exploit?
How many of their humans that they've had to grind down
into the doorknob metal?
Those are people, okay?
Those are people.
They take fillings from old women and they pop them out
and they turn them into gold-plated doorknobs
for you sons of bitches.
And you're complaining because the water isn't perfectly clear?
Oh, sus, I'm sorry.
I'm an old Russian grandma.
Here, take the rest of my teeth.
My gold teeth.
They juiced the citizens to fill- to ice the luge.
They needed luge lube and so they just-
You're saying blood.
They reduced their citizens in a hot pan.
Nobody that can believe Jamaica-
Ah, I hit some gristle.
Pool runnings.
Pool runnings two.
The bone slide.
You know they're back.
I know they are.
Well, I mean, not the actors who play-
Not Dougie Doug.
Wait, how can they race again when the sled broke at the end?
Well, they didn't die, Travis.
They can buy new fucking sleds.
That was the whole thing.
They didn't die.
They got up and they carried their shit.
Oh, I just turned it off as soon as the sled broke and I went-
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
You saw the one rail start to wobble and you're like,
oh, these guys are dead.
Close, exit, stop, eject the DVD.
I don't have time for losers.
I'm so excited we got Olympic fever.
We can't wait for the games to start in earnest.
I enjoyed the-
I enjoyed last night's opening ceremonies because they featured Tattoo.
Tattoo, apparently, and this is-
I'm not joking about this.
Tattoo is apparently the only recognizable Russian musical export of the modern era, basically.
That cannot possibly be right.
Russia has had one hit and it's Tattoo.
That can't possibly be right.
There's no way that that is true.
Quickly name me your other favorite Russian cultural export and wait.
Yakov Smirnoff.
Yakov Smirnoff doesn't count.
Sum 41.
Blink 182.
Lit.
The band Lit.
Lit, the band.
Who are those dudes-
Eve 6.
He schools you on that one, Justin.
That entire genre was birthed in the motherland.
I see.
That wall fell.
Boom.
It was like bubblegum punk.
Wallflowers.
Goo Goo Dolls.
I don't think any of this is accurate.
Matchbox 20.
Matchbox-
Yes.
Yes, Matchbox 20.
I'll count it.
I have a problem when I go out to eat with other people.
Once our food comes out, I always eat it too fast.
I don't think I'm wolfing down my food, but I'm consistently finished 10 minutes
before anyone else in my group.
It doesn't seem to bother my girlfriend.
We always make jokes when we're out and notice it.
However, when I'm out with less intimate friends, particularly professional business contacts,
I feel rude finishing well ahead of them.
Should I?
Am I unwittingly putting my dining partners on a kind of mild blast by eating faster than them?
If so, how can I slow my roll at restaurants and match the pace of my group?
That's from Fast Finisher and Fairfax.
Guys, we've been doing this for a long time.
You gotta throw us some harder questions that cannot be answered with eat slower.
Like, we're professionals here.
You could answer this question with two, maybe two and a half brothers.
But let me throw this out because I'm also a fast eater.
The problem is-
I might suggest the fastest eater.
Well, I have been described as looking like I'm afraid someone's gonna take my food bowl away.
But the problem is that sometimes you're going and you think you're pacing yourself.
You think you're going slow and you look up and like they haven't even started.
Yeah.
And you're like, God damn it.
So what I do is I wait 10 minutes, let everyone else start eating,
and then I make a face just so you can catch up.
You give them a head start in fairness's sake.
All right, I'm gonna spot you fools 10 minutes.
You guys go ahead. No, no, no, it's fine.
I'll catch up.
Yeah, the freight trains are coming.
You know, it might be fun.
Fun little exercise whenever you're out.
And this would be really great for like a business associate
would be to mirror them perfectly while you're eating.
So every time they take a bite, you take an equally sized bite
at literally the exact same time to the same exact amount of choose
and just keep your eyes fucking locked on them.
Just keep it locked.
It'll be like one of those theater exercises.
Like when you're mirroring each other.
Or what you can do is you get like a big plastic ball
and you put it on your plate and you have to push it around
to get to the food so you don't eat so fast.
That's what you do with dogs who gulp their food down.
I think it works for human beings too.
In a professional setting, you're at a big business eating it.
A plastic ball in your food.
Yeah, you gotta push it around to get to it so you can't eat it too fast.
It makes it more of a challenge.
You know, for some people eating has become too easy
and it's just easy to just like fly through it.
So you need to just provide some challenge.
What if you just dump like a sickening amount of salt on your food
to where every bite is like a painful trial.
It's like a Sisyphean task just to choke it down.
Would that help?
Or order something you hate.
Like if you actively know you hate pasta, just like,
I'll take the pasta dish.
Your girlfriend's like, what?
But you don't like, honey, I know.
Of all the foods, Travis, who hates pasta?
I do.
Pasta is such a, it's like saying I hate bread.
Like there's all kinds of different bread.
I do hate spaghetti.
I mean, I don't actively hate spaghetti, but it's not my favorite.
Did you barf it up once?
I ate it several times.
I remember that.
I remember that night at the lake house cabin.
That was a bad night.
It's just such a cheap food in college that you're like,
we're gonna eat some spaghetti and then party.
And it can go out wrong holes.
It actually prefers to go out wrong holes.
Give me two of your deer nuts.
Shooting spaghetti out your deers.
Like one of those Play-Doh hair maker things,
and it just pushes out your hair.
He partied so hard, he noodle cried.
It was brutal, man.
Can you just order more food?
Get two dinners, that's what I do.
Get two dinners, okay, hold on, sorry.
Scratch that, strike it from the record,
because if it's something Travis does vis-a-vis
the consumption of food, then maybe-
I can't decide between the steak dish and the chicken dish?
Do not worry, my friend, I've got a solution for you.
Is yes an option?
How about this?
Get work-intensive food, like crab claws.
How about that?
That'll take you a while to get through.
Let me throw this out, though.
If you're trying to be a professional
in a professional setting,
and you can't control yourself enough
to slow down your eating,
maybe something that you have to suck and chew on
is not the most attractive poison to get.
Well, you don't, I mean, how is your crab cracking game
if you're just going at it like a fucking feared wolf?
Our dad Clint McElroy, you may know him from the radio,
he would, when we were on vacation
in any sort of coastal region,
he would always look forward to the night
where he would eat at an all-you-can-eat crab place.
And the all-you-can-eat crab place
would not look forward to-
He would not add his picture up.
And we would literally finish our dinners
and then go shopping and come back for that later.
Good ketchup for the winter months.
But I think the terrible truth about it
is that with eating crab claws,
you are literally expending as much energy
to open them as you're being provided by your body.
It's just an endless cycle.
There's no getting full
because you're just burning it as it comes in.
Unless you do it in the Clint McElroy,
he was very chimpanzee-esque in his ways.
He would stick twigs and sticks in.
No, he would just jam a finger
into the belly of its tummy chitin'
and then just put his mouth on that hole
and then just all of the meat from inside the crab
would just shoot into his gullet.
He has a very particular set of skills.
You guys want Yahoo?
Please.
I mean, let's just start off with a horse question
because it's like what people want.
This is our wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald.
It's what people came to hear.
This one was sent in by Joseph Hoglid.
Thank you, Joseph.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gabby who asks,
I need to steal a horse slash horse gear.
I'm not looking for answers saying,
oh, don't do it, it's the wrong thing to do.
I just want ideas on how to do it.
Okay, so the paddock, it is in half wire fencing
and the stable which has tack in it
is right next to the stable.
Wow, Jesus.
This is, of course, from the rear of their property.
Okay, so how do I tell if they're home,
like in their house?
What should I wear to steal?
Thanks.
This is easy.
Have we done horse thievery before?
I think we've talked about how difficult it is
to steal a horse, but we've never devised
a fucking Danny Ocean plan.
I question one thing about this question.
That is this person is in the market
to steal a horse or horse gear.
It seems like-
I assumed it was an and.
Oh, okay.
All right.
That's not like I either need a horse
or just, I don't know, like a saddle
I can put on a fence in my own imagination.
I mean, as we covered in the last episode,
the fucking recurring expenses,
the upkeep of a goddamn horse
will put you out of house and home.
It would be much, much, much less expensive
to just have a saddle
because you don't have to feed that shit.
You just like keep it in your room.
Look at it.
Sit on it, sit on a desk chair and make believe.
I think all you need to steal a horse
is a really big trench coat.
And you put that on the horse?
Well, I mean, I figured you'd-
And then you put the trench coat on you.
You're a centaur.
You're just a centaur, basically.
Oh, hello.
Oh, you've caught me touring your grounds.
I hope you don't mind.
I'm looking for a summer home.
I'm looking for a sweet Philly to call my mate.
Please try to ignore the horse face
coming out of my stomach.
It's a birth defect.
I'm having that removed later.
I'm having it removed.
You may be wondering what happens
when a full-blown centaur makes love to a Philly.
Well, I'll tell you.
One quarter human, three quarters horse,
and you'll never guess which quarter it gets.
One quarter human, three quarters horse,
and 100% plesior.
The human butt is what a quarter centaur-
Just the butt?
It's a horse with a human butt.
Right, it is a lot of stuff.
That's a horse of a horrifyingly different color.
Damn, horses love them apple bottom jeans.
Stealing a horse slash horse gear.
How do we tell if they're home?
First you put-
Well, how do you tell if the horse is home?
They don't have a busy life.
They're usually there.
I guess he's either out jumping or-
He's either jumping or looking for oats.
He's got bowling on Wednesdays,
but other than that, it's pretty wide open.
Yeah, he's gonna join a football team with Tony Danza
and lead the team to the-
But that's not until the spring.
Yeah, so you-
That's not until like 1998.
When did that movie come out?
Horse punters.
I conflated a few movies there.
I conflated Horses with the movie
where Tony Danza was a garbage man
that kicked field goals for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Let me show you how to kick a football, Tony Danza.
Tony!
God, if that movie had him being trained by a horse.
Why is Tony Danza punting the ball
with the back of his foot backwards?
Why is Tony Danza on television?
Why am I watching this movie?
Oh, cause I'm super high.
Thanks, Tony Danza.
That's right.
I remember now.
Thanks, Tony D.
If those dogs from Incredible Journey could get back,
don't you think this horse is gonna escape
at first opportunity and run back to their owners?
That bond is unbreakable.
You can't drive to a different geographical location.
What I'm saying is that if you're gonna steal a horse
from somebody, it better be glue day one.
You better turn it into glue immediately.
Otherwise it's gonna run back to its owner.
Well, then why not just steal some glue?
It seems significantly easier.
It does.
Yeah, you think that, but I mean,
think about your ROI, Travis.
You never think about your ROI.
You would have to steal a shit ton of glue.
Yeah, I mean, it's a lot of glue.
And that glue is gonna be, you gotta think about-
Well, you just need a big trench coat.
Hey guys, listen.
A friend of mine is having a baby shower
to celebrate them adopting a teenager.
Obviously the traditional diapers and onesies won't work,
so I don't know what to get.
What kind of present would you get
for a baby shower for a teenage boy?
That's from Gmail.
Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
Next question.
Kids love that shit, right?
Why are you assuming he's not an adult teen baby?
He might be.
Oh, Christ.
I had literally just gotten to a point in my life
where I'd forgotten that terminology.
Please find out, do me a favor.
Maybe the thing with, okay, the thing with baby gifts
is that the reason people like to do baby showers
and people have them and can have them,
like can literally have them,
is that babies aren't people in the traditional sense
in that you could just buy them anything
that fits their body and you're like,
hey, you like this now, baby, handle it.
Handle this bib that has a dinosaur on it
because now you like dinosaurs.
I can make you like anything I want.
Back when I was too young to protest,
our parents put like sports balls
around the border of my room.
Like they painted them on there, like sports balls.
Maybe this will take purchase in our baby's dumb brain.
It is, yeah, no dice, guys.
It didn't, it doesn't work that way.
Now that he's a 13-year-old boy,
maybe you could just get him
like the things you would give for a human.
Maybe get him like a gift card.
Like find out what he likes and then like-
Okay, Justin, you're talking big game right now.
What do teens like?
This is a new fun game show
that we play only on my brother and my brother.
Do you know what they like?
To be asked.
Just ask them, that's what I'm saying.
Just ask them like a person.
Like what is this kid?
Does he like video games?
Does he like sports?
Does he like to read?
I have a good one.
Why don't you get him a gift card to like-
Auntie Anne's pretzels.
Can you just let me finish a sentence?
It's just that everyone likes pretzels.
Just one sentence.
I just want to finish.
If they like the pretzel, maybe he's a big pretzel fan.
Justin, I'm sorry.
I know you were onto something good there,
but I feel like Travis might be onto something better.
Teens love pretzels.
Teens love wrapped foods.
They love them all camaraderie.
It's a weird situation.
You want to show this new teen out the gate
that you are like fucking Keaton.
You are cool Uncle Barry or Aunt Harriet.
You want to just like get him a gift
and show that you fucking just
preternaturally know what teens like.
Because hey, I was a teen once.
I shot that Hot Topic.
We were not teens like these teens were teens.
We didn't have cell phones or internet.
It has, there's no connection.
My Flappy Bird was Jesus Christ.
What?
You know Flappy Bird?
The game Flappy Bird?
The energy that teens are putting into that,
I put into Jesus Christ.
At church camp and stuff.
Maybe get my gift certificate to church camp.
Or Flappy Bird.
This is a real pickle you're in.
I'm going to stick with you Geocards
and let's just go on to another question.
Okay, let me ask you guys.
Yu-Gi-Oh cards is an investment.
You know, it's like a fucking,
you're buying that kid bonds.
It's like a bond.
You're basically buying him stocks and bonds.
This is for your future.
Don't look at it.
I mean, do look at it.
Cause I do need someone to play with.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, Yahoo would be great.
This Yahoo was sent in by Kyle Foreman.
Thank you, Kyle.
It's by Yahoo answers user Bialo who asks,
how to shave mustache.
14 year old.
I am beginning to notice that my mustache
is starting to stand out more
and I want to get rid of it.
I have never done this in my life.
So shaving would be new to me.
I want my mustache completely gone.
No mustache hairstyle, please.
All right, here's my mustache status.
Color, black, size, relatively small.
Health, 100.
Defense, 60G.
Defense, 62 intelligence.
What's your mustache's stamina?
Yukio summon points, three.
How do you shave?
My mustache is low on mana.
My brother has all these shaving cream and razor.
I'm going to borrow his.
Please list the steps and tips on how to shave.
Like should I stroke up or down or side
or wet the mustache or shave it dry?
Whoa, buddy.
Oh my God.
All you need to know is do it with reckless abandon.
Oh, guys, I am experiencing like a little bit
of almost like paternal pride
because this question was asked five years ago.
I'm just now realizing.
So Biala probably has his mustache shaving game on point.
Or maybe he doesn't because nobody answered his question.
But no one calls Biala anymore.
They call him Scarface Man.
Scarface, but scar lip.
Lipless Jim.
Lipless Joe.
Additional details.
Edit, if I shave my mustache, will it grow thicker?
I don't like that.
I won't cut it then.
Oh, man.
You're going to commit to just having a weird wisp of hair
above your lip for your entire life?
Yeah, just one.
Understand if I were to ever shave it,
I would only become more powerful if I strike it down.
I don't think we've done shaving tips before.
And I imagine we have some pretty hot ones.
We all have different.
See, I use the safety razor and do the wet shaving thing.
I'm not sure that that's what I would recommend for a first timer.
It seems like a fairly advanced move.
Or for somebody who doesn't have like a half hour to kill every day.
My trick, honest to God, I just do it in the shower
and I do it as fast as I possibly fucking can.
Eyes closed, just shaking in the corner.
No, no, no.
I get out of my ceremonial wazai kishi
and I just do a few quick slashes across my face.
And chest, because that's important.
You know what?
Why not now at 14 start rolling up to the barber
and get that like hot lava and just like sit down in the chair
and be like, take care of it, Steve.
Go ahead, Ernie.
Do your worst.
Hey, it's my favorite customer, Ricky.
Ricky, are you getting your new Yu-Gi-Oh cards?
Oh, man.
I mean, we're basically describing Rushmore at this point.
Basically, yes.
Yeah, I remember my first shave.
Do you?
And it kind of bumps me up that you don't have anybody
in your life that can do this for you, Bialo.
You have an older brother, Bialo.
You said he's got all kinds of shit.
Yeah.
Why are you not get-
What is it about your brother's shaving game
that has made him an unreliable source
at this point in your life?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not like that.
He only does one half of his face at a time
and I can imagine that's right.
My brother has shaved a reverse Fu Manchu on his face.
He starts at the back of his head and works forward
and I don't know much, but he's using acid.
Is that right?
Is that good?
You can always bleach it, so it's just-
Bleach it, sure.
Yeah, that's a great look.
Especially if it grows in, you know, full and selic-y
and then you have dark black hair,
but then like a bleach blonde mustache.
That's actually a really great and bold look.
I'm just saying that we're living in a time
in which mustaches are coming back into vogue
and, Bialo, I say you fucking leave.
I don't think for 14-year-olds it is in vogue.
I think you have to leave.
Well, if he starts now, he can be Sam Elliott
in like 20 years.
You're saying you gotta-
Okay, but what start?
Like starts what?
We also don't know.
We don't know what this guy's voice sounds like.
So what if in 20 years?
Fuck it, what if in three years
he has a full-blown Sam Elliott stache
but he's like, hey guys, what's up?
It's me, Bialo, your buddy.
Yeah, check out my sweet-
Legends are made in the Wild West.
They're not born.
You can't just become a legend.
Let me tell you about Ghost Rider.
Okay, don't start shaving, but do start eating cigars.
If you have that kind of voice mustache combo,
you basically legally have to be obsessed
with balloons and bubbles.
I love them.
I love my bounty friends.
It upsets people how into balloons I am
and also I have this crazy mustache.
Let me walk you through the Roman's Road.
Guys, Jesus' love is just as hip now as it was.
The red bead represents his blood.
The black balloon represents your sin.
We've all got that right.
All right, maybe you were a little short
with your younger brother when he wanted to play
with one of your toys or you looked at a magazine
you weren't supposed to.
Well, let's pop this black bubble.
That's what the love of Jesus is going to do.
Let's all bow our heads in prayer.
While I brush my mustache tenderly.
See, you kids have a mustache brush.
Bialo is the weirdest 17-year-old.
Guys, Valentine's Day is...
I'm talking to guys as in you too.
This message is for both men and women.
Anybody who has a special Valentine,
they want to get something for it.
By the time you're listening to this,
you only have five days left till Valentine's Day.
Sorry, oops, sorry, sorry.
You can do it.
We did our best.
We did our best.
Yeah, oh, sorry.
Also, when I said five, I meant four.
What's up?
I forgot we were recording on Saturday.
How's your week?
Oh, you're obsessed with this now?
Don't worry, we've got you.
You're going to go to proflowers.com
and you're going to get one dozen long-stemmed...
You don't see a lot of short-stem roses, do you?
People don't just-
Boutonnieres.
Boutonnieres.
Assorted roses with a premium vase
and gourmet chocolates gourmet.
Chocolates for $29.99 or double the roses.
You want to really prove you love this person?
Get them two dozen long-stem roses
and the premium vase and the chocolates for $10 more.
Can you imagine that?
They sent us some flowers to let us check them out.
I guess take them for a test drive
and they are beautiful.
I smell everyone.
I smelled everyone.
I tasted them.
Strong color, good finish.
They weren't made of pipe cleaners.
No, they were not fake at all.
But like $40 for two dozen long-stem roses
that come in a vase and chocolates.
You guys have to stop saying vase.
You're killing me inside.
Here's the jingle song that I wrote for Proflowers.
It's about how shitty my brothers are being to me right now.
I'm pretty sure both are correct.
And I think in the UK they would say vase.
It's very European.
The delivery is really quick and easy.
So it's not too late to get them in time for Valentine's Day.
It's very convenient.
The flowers are guaranteed the last seven days
so they won't be like those fucking flowers that you buy
at Sam's Club that are rotten and stinky
by the time you get them home.
Yeah, and it's definitely gonna come on Valentine's Day.
Guaranteed.
So it's great.
You're gonna go to...
Here's what you're gonna do, okay?
This is the only way to get the deal.
Gonna go to proflowers.com...
Gonna go to proflowers.com
and then you're gonna wonder what letters are in that.
Don't think about that.
Just spell it with your heart.
You're gonna go to proflowers.com
and there's like a blue microphone
in the upper right hand corner
and you're gonna type my brother, all one word.
proflowers.com
Click on the microphone.
Type in my brother, all one word.
Do it today.
The deal is only around while they have the supplies for it
and Valentine's Day is this Friday.
So it's like, don't be an idiot.
Just take care of it right now and then you'll be done.
And you can use that code and they're gonna...
ProFlowers are gonna think we're powerful.
They'll keep sending us flowers
just because they'll be so proud of us
for doing such a good job.
And let me throw this out just real quick.
Maybe you're one of those people that sits there and goes,
I don't wanna celebrate Valentine's Day
or I don't have a significant other at this point.
You know, why don't you send some to your parents
or to a friend and just say like, happy Valentine's Day.
I love you.
I like that.
It's not a romantic thing.
I'm just taking this opportunity to say you're great
and I appreciate you.
Just buy the flowers so we look good.
Could you do it for us?
Really, long story short, just spend the fucking money.
Please.
Please, we need this.
Guys, my brother and me is supported by Squarespace,
the all-in-one platform that makes it fast and easy
to create your own professional website or online portfolio.
It's a super easy to use set of tools
that help you make a fucking sexy website
for whatever you want.
They don't...
Here's the thing, they give you the tools
but then they're not like,
you have to make a fan site of the song Smooth
by Carlos Santana.
But you can if you want to.
You can if you want to,
but they don't like put those restrictions on you.
You can freestyle it.
They have a support team that's available for 24-7.
They have a brand new logo generator
so you can design a logo for your site,
maybe a favicon.
And you can start a trial with no credit card
and start building the website today.
So go to squarespace.com.
You can use the offer code MYBROTHER,
all one word, MYBROTHER,
to get 10% off your first purchase.
So that's Squarespace.
It's everything you need to create an exceptional website.
Did you guys know they fucking...
They advertised on the Super Bowl
the same week they advertised on my brother and my brother and me.
It's basically the same thing.
Kind of running the board right now, aren't you, Squarespace?
You're kind of like in charge of shit right now.
You have all your key demos covered,
sportsos and non-sportsos.
Everyone in the world uses Squarespace now
because they got everybody.
I got a message for Emily from Artomar Bernard Triscuit and Krang.
Okay, guys, come on.
I think these are animals, Justin.
I think these are made up.
I think they're...
Omar says, I'm a jerk.
Bark, bark, bark.
Bernard says, ghost noises, scamper scamper.
Triscuit says, is it cool if I pee here?
No, cool, I'm going to anyway.
Art says, Merry Christmas a month ago.
Happy anniversary a few weeks ago,
and please remember to buy more chocolate milk.
I think 2014 is the year we'll finally be happy.
Ooh, Art.
A lot of stuff in that.
Here's a fun game.
Only one person in that collection is a human,
and you'll never guess which one.
Spoiler, it's Triscuit.
That's his Christian name.
Yeah, and he has bladder control problems,
and that's not Triscuit's fault, is it?
Is it?
He went to Bonnaroo one year,
and he got chronic prostatitis,
and now he just goes.
Now he just goes and goes and goes.
So happy everything to Emily,
and whichever one of you is a person,
thank you for purchasing an ad on our program.
Unless a dog purchased it,
in which case that would be pretty cool too.
That'd be really neat.
Get that dog on Ellen now.
Please.
Any other messages, Trav?
This one is for Peter Bastion,
and it's from Krista Heiner,
and it says,
Dear Pete, it's me,
your loving girlfriend, Krista.
No, not the loud, mostly toothless cat that lives here.
That's Tony.
I'm your human roommate.
Anyway, happy birthday.
I wish you an adventure-filled year.
Love, Krista and Tony.
P.S., this shout-out was totally my idea.
Tony just added his name at the last second
because he forgot to get you a gift.
Fucking classic Tony.
Fucking Tony.
Tony.
He's been freeloading off you guys.
Listen, you guys need to sit Tony down
and have a very frank talk with him
about his place in your life from now on.
But the problem is, Griffin,
like, he's one of those friends
that's like shitty, shitty, shitty,
but then, like, when you really meet him,
it's like, oh, there he is with a six-pack
because you had a bad day.
It's like, hey, thanks, Tony.
That's cool of you.
Oh, wait, that's our Tony, they call him.
Oh, that's Tony six-pack.
God damn it, Tony, don't get my hopes up.
Bringing in them high-lifes.
Classic fucking Tony.
Classic fucking Tony.
What up, dough?
It's your boy, Jasper Redd,
co-host of The Goose Down,
along with Kimberly Clark,
and some of y'all might be asking yourself,
what the hell is The Goose Down?
It's a comfort food,
and we want y'all to climb underneath it with us
and snuggle up so we can fondle your ears and things.
So come check us out at maximumfun.org,
also available on iTunes.
Jill!
Our very first guest, Bert,
in a delightful portmanteau
created by my youngest brother, Griffin,
is Cameron Esposito,
who is an expert in many things.
She's the host of Wham Bam Pow
on the Maximum Fun Network,
and also Put Your Hands Together,
another podcast for you to enjoy.
Welcome to My Brother, My Brother.
Meet Cameron Esposito.
Hi, guys.
Hi, Cameron.
Do you know I have two sisters?
Do you know that about me?
I didn't know that.
You bunch of brothers.
Did we sort of steal your game?
Did we like, were you like a day away
from publishing My Sister, My Sister and Me?
And then we're like, hold up.
Let me chomp that real quick.
Right, first I was pissed
when Sister, Sister came on the air,
because I was-
And then you were pissed
when Sister, Sister went off the air.
Yeah.
You were like, no, too soon.
And then Sister, Sister, Sister came on the air,
and you're like, what are you doing at this point?
Like, what is-
Cameron, you should absolutely still do that,
and then we will come and we will take everything.
Or joint podcast, like the band,
you know, the band, the band,
and it could be My Brother, My Brother, My Brother,
My Sister, My Sister.
Is that funny?
Like, just saying a bunch of words?
Let's get all of our parents to marry.
Yeah, I mean, that's gotta happen.
Number one, my parents are currently married, but-
You have a plan in mind
if you needed to set it into action.
You know the right words to put that seed.
Yeah, you just say, I'm gay,
and then bam, divorce.
And they're gone.
Bye, parents.
Me too.
Speaking of being gay, which you are-
I am, I'm a homosexual.
You're an expert on gays and their portrayal in the media.
We have lots of questions about that,
and here is one right now.
Sometimes rumors will come up about actresses or musicians
that are private about their personal life,
and possibly being gay.
In circles I run in, at the very least,
the people discussing the matter are very supportive
of whatever floats their particular boat,
but it still seems to me
like they should mind their own business.
Does this behavior cross a line,
or should I just untwist my panties?
That's some clever name here.
Please don't ever use that word again first.
Oh boy, yeah, you wanna talk about offensive.
Is it worse if the panties are twisted or untwisted?
Justin puts some weird English on that particular ball
that makes it just completely unpalatable.
Nika, you in there somewhere.
It's so disgusting.
I have actually a pretty strong reaction to this,
and it's not necessarily PC, as it were,
but I think that people should be out.
I just think that people should be out,
especially if they are,
I don't know what gay rumors really means
in this particular thing, in this particular question.
It's the album rumors covered by a gay ABBA cover band.
Wait, ABBA?
No, wait, Fleetwood Mac, everyone start over.
Start the podcast over, start the podcast over.
Episode one, hi, welcome to my brother and my brother and me.
We know who ABBA is, we definitely know who Fleetwood Mac is.
It seems to me like the question I ask here
is saying if somebody said, I heard Zachary Quinto is gay,
and they're like, oh, what?
No way, he's never said that before,
and be like, I swear he is, I heard it from such and such.
It's really funny that this person thinks that the actors,
I mean, I wonder if this person is in the industry,
only because if not, my love, what a sensitive soul
that they're worried about these actors.
What if it gets back to Quinto?
What if I'm ever in a picture with him?
It's like, hey, I heard you were talking shit.
What's your deal?
Hey, is this Danny?
Listen, it's John Travolta, Johnny T.
Listen, I heard Dan down at My Cross
was talking about whether I was gay or not.
I heard some pretty good goofs who did about my masseuse.
Guess what?
Face Off 2 is canceled.
You were gonna be in it.
I was gonna take your face.
They will never know.
I think that the reason I think that people
that are involved in same-sex relationships
or that are having some sort of same-sex sex
need to say that they are,
because this needs to stop being a rumor.
I hate that it's something that's still like,
for instance, the word that people use
in magazines and stuff when somebody comes out,
so often it'll say like,
such and thus finally admits that they're gay.
Now, the only other things that we admit to doing
are bad things.
It's like you admit to stealing from your mother.
You admit to that one time
where you cut your sister's bangs too short
when you were a child
and you told your mom that actually
your sister cut her own bangs too short.
No one admits to being valedictorian.
So I think that we just have to change this whole tone.
And if you are at your house talking to your friends
about whether or not any particular actor is gay,
I think number one, that's totally okay.
I don't know what damage that could possibly do to them.
These are actors.
If that's who you're talking about,
if you're talking about successful musicians and actors,
these are not generally teenagers,
although some of them are.
And they're not generally people
that still live with their parents
and rely on their parents for money.
And they're not generally people
that are gonna be ostracized by a religious community.
The reasons not to out people
are if that person needs to be protected
and Queen Latifah doesn't need to be protected.
I think it can affect your jobs though.
That's why people still don't
because it's like people worry,
well, can everybody take Zachary Quinto seriously
as a Vulcan that feels no emotions if he's a gay person?
I almost feel like the only way you can pull it off
is if you like,
the only reason that it would be acceptable
is if you're keeping everything about your private life a secret.
Like you show up to set, you do your acting,
and then you just disappear.
You're a ghost, so nobody knows anything.
So then it's not like you're trying to keep our secret,
everything's secret.
I am so glad that you said that.
That is so astute.
And I know that was like a little bit of a joke,
but I don't know if you guys remember
when Jodie Foster got out on stage at the Golden Globes
and like came this close to saying that she was gay,
but instead it was just like,
as we all know, I wear Winky Birkenstocks or whatever.
Somewhere in her freestyle jazz odyssey of a speech,
she sort of touched on it.
If you rearrange all the first letters.
Yeah, but she named every other,
because she kept saying,
I like to keep my private life private,
but then she named, she was like,
but my mother's middle name is this.
And I had this for breakfast.
Here's my kids, why don't you show their faces?
You know, like, I mean, her private life is not private.
So it is hard when it's the only thing
somebody wants to keep private.
I have another question.
Yeah.
Wait, we can't address my concerns?
Yes, we're addressing your concerns.
Thank you.
Is Macklemore's same love offensive?
Is it the thought that counts?
What about his Grammy performance?
How should I feel about this?
And this is from me, Travis McElroy sitting over here.
What?
Yes.
Sometimes we all need advice
and I don't know how to feel about this whole Macklemore issue.
I love how you say his name.
Can you say that again?
Macklemore?
Yeah, no, that was great.
Is it supposed to be Macklemore?
I prefer to think of it as like Mack
and then like the French word for love.
Oh, that is beautiful.
Same Lemore, you know?
Boys, gentlemen, that song makes me insane.
You guys just picked all the,
I sound like a very negative person,
but any song that is saying
that it is in favor of you having rights
that starts with like a one minute explanation
of how when that person thought they might be like you,
they cried a lot is really tough to get behind.
Okay, I will agree that in that context
it's pretty cut and dry.
Think about other civil rights songs.
Can I read the first line of the song?
Because I sort of got it.
I probably have only heard this song once
and I'm more of a rhythm man.
I listen to the beats instead of the words.
So this is very striking to me.
When I was in the third grade,
I thought that I was gay
because I could draw, my uncle was,
and I kept my room straight.
That's sort of like kind of a crazy like series of evidences
that you use to come to that conclusion.
I know you was eight years old
and maybe that was like enough for you back then,
but that's kind of crazy.
In third grade, I thought that I was gay
because I liked apples
and I saved about $1.50 for my allowance.
And I did my chores.
And people that are defending this song,
that's what they say too.
They're like,
oh, he's talking about how absurd it is
to think that you're gay.
But then the next line is like,
so right after I thought I was gay
for all of these reasons,
like you wouldn't believe how dehydrated I was
from the amount of laying on the floor
and crying I did.
Like I was so sad.
And it's tough.
I mean, if any of the great anti-war songs
from the 1970s,
those songs are about like,
let's keep the peace here.
It's not like I thought maybe I was gonna get drafted
and I was really sad about that.
But these other guys got killed.
Anyway, let's take care of them.
It's a really messed up way to start a song.
I thought I had a hammer.
Also, he references,
there's a line that says,
have you read the YouTube comments lately?
Which I think should be a staple
of all important social movement based songs.
And when he did this performance at the Grammys,
CBS did not bleep the F word,
which I'm not even gonna say in your podcast
because I don't say that word.
But it is a word that is slung at homosexuals.
And he said it on CBS.
No big deal.
They probably say it on like two broke girls
every episode though, so.
But if you think of the equivalent to that,
I mean, nobody's allowed to say the N word
in the middle of a Grammy performance
where people are getting married around them.
Right.
Well, that's a pretty specific set of circumstances.
You know what it made me really sad also
is that the refrain of this song
is also sung by a lesbian.
And it's taken from a song that she,
Mary Lambert's,
like the song that this is taken from
is really beautiful and kind of balanced.
It's a love song.
And in the way that it's dropped into here,
it's like the lyrics are,
I can't change even if I wanted to,
even if I tried.
And I think that,
especially after like somebody saying like,
hey, I thought I was gay.
I cried.
And then like cue the lesbian being like,
trust me,
if I could not be gay,
I would.
Now see, okay,
so because this actually ties into
our last question here.
Macklemore, I think you can obviously,
surprising from someone
that wears such large fur coats,
he was lacking in the tack department.
But I think his intention was probably,
came from a good place.
Our next question asker says,
how do we combat homophobia
in online video gaming communities?
And I would extend that to all online communities,
honestly,
cause internet and encourage LGBT representation
in video games.
And I think Macklemore's song was probably
trying to address this issue.
I can't believe he didn't fix it with a pop song,
but how can we make things better?
How can we make things better?
I mean, number one,
I don't play video games.
So are there gay characters?
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean, not in like,
not in like Call of Duty,
I don't think.
Like not in like the big.
Well, I mean,
those are all gay characters.
I don't know.
It's funny when a gay person calls somebody gay
as an insult,
isn't it?
It seems to me like the only ones I can think of,
it's usually like a joke.
It's usually like,
hey, here's a flamboyant.
No.
Wasn't there a character like that
in Grand Theft Auto IV?
Oh, I'm sure there were all kinds,
but like I don't want to paint
with a pretty broad brush.
Like there absolutely are.
And it definitely is getting better
as like more and more people make these games
and like it becomes a more inclusive medium in general.
Is this person talking about though,
like slurs that might be slung
in online video gaming communities?
Well, video game communities
and video game fictional characters
are two completely different ideas
because like, I don't know,
indie developers are making some pretty cool games
that are sort of tackling these issues
in a really responsible and even-handed way.
Let's limit the question maybe
to just online communities.
That's better.
Would that be?
I like that.
Is that good?
Yeah.
Yeah, homophobia in general.
Like, I don't know.
It's really weird for me
when someone comes from that perspective
because like I almost feel like you need like hours of time
to like change their whole sort of like worldview
if they don't see the immediate problem.
But do you know what's crazy about it to me?
Is that it almost seems like it's a poor translation
in that the words that they're saying,
they don't mean them in that way.
They mean them in like the most base derogatory,
just as a set of derogatory words.
Yeah, no, they're not using it.
They're not using it in like a descriptive nature.
Like, they're not like saying it like,
this is what I think you are.
It's like an expletive for those people.
So that's why I'm wondering if,
rather than try to fix them,
we just set up a different language
of like a whole new set of words
that doesn't offend anyone.
You're talking about like the Battlestar Galactica
sort of crap?
Yes, exactly.
To understand your point, Travis,
you definitely still want the malice
behind these words to be there.
Okay, Cameron Esposito, solve homophobia.
Well, the one thing that I,
this does relate to Rep to Macklemore.
I'm gonna tie it all in.
Put a nice Macklemore bow on it.
I, for one, am pretty,
and it also, it actually goes back to that first question
that we talked about too.
I'm pretty done with hearing straight men specifically,
because it often comes from straight men.
I think straight men are the scaredest
of the idea that they might be gay.
And I think that comes from fear of butt sex.
I have a whole treatise about it.
You can read it nowhere.
But I think that straight men are the scaredest
of people thinking that they're gonna be gay.
And I feel like that is something that,
if there are any men that listen to this podcast,
which I'm sure there's two to three.
There's one or two.
Yeah, that you could just work on letting go
of that fear within yourself.
That's really how we're gonna solve homophobia,
because I think that's what it's all about.
Yeah, because religion doesn't really cover it.
You know, I don't wanna get married in a church.
And it's not like tradition that's really the problem,
because many people are divorced.
It's really this fear that I think a lot of guys still carry
that somebody is gonna come up to them
while they're in middle school as an adult
and call them gay and push them into a locker.
And I feel like you just gotta make peace with that.
I mean, Macklemore taking his time to say that like,
hey, he understands what it is to be gay
because he used to think he was gay
is not the same as just saying,
I actually totally don't know
what you guys are going through because I am not gay,
but I'm just an advocate for you.
Look, look, I get it, okay?
I cleaned my room when I was eight.
Look, I get it, okay?
Listen, my uncle, I totally get it.
I have one more question, Cameron,
before I will let you go.
And this is one from just from me.
We had Dan Savage on our show a long time ago,
and he said queer a lot.
And I just wanted to ask you if that was okay to say now
or what is the status update on that?
I'm gonna status update you on queer so hardcore right now.
Queer, completely fine to say
if you are saying it in a positive way.
You can't call someone queer.
I would, I only would.
But you can't be like, you're queer.
But you can be like, you're queer.
Did you get that?
Yes.
Can you give me those intonations just one more time?
Just one more time.
What if I use it in the-
He's like, you're queer versus like, you're queer.
What about in the interrogative sense?
Like, you're queer?
Yeah, no, you could definitely do that.
That actually is great,
because it's kind of open-ended
and there's like a sweetness to it.
What about like a cockney flair?
So like, hey, governor, you're queer.
But you got, but he fell off the roof at the end of it.
Cameron, this is important.
Can we use it?
Can we just have fun with it
like we've been doing for the past 60 seconds?
Can I do it in a baby voice?
You can use queer anytime you would use LGBT.
Okay.
Because GLBT or LGBT or whatever it is,
is kind of like a 90s term.
Like, whenever I hear that,
I always think of like really wide leg jeans
and like a backwards newsboy cap, you know?
Like-
You think of JNCO is what you're telling me.
Yes.
Yes, queer is like a much more asymmetrical haircuts,
like mustaches on men and women and granola.
It's like a little bit more of an updated term.
It's a pair of boot cut jeans from Express.
Yes, exactly.
Cameron Esposito, thank you so much for joining us.
We sure appreciate you taking the time.
Again, you're on Wham Bam Pow.
You are on Put Your Hands Together.
What else do you do, Cameron?
Twitter?
Do you tweet, tweet?
Yeah, at Cameron Esposito.
And I guess my final question for you guys would be just like,
do you think we solved it?
You know, Macklemore set it up and we spiked it.
Cameron Esposito, thank you so much.
Have a great day, guys.
You too.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Yeah, please.
Yes.
This Yahoo was sent in by Julie Martin.
Thanks, Julie.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Amber Kay who asks,
how would you describe a food court to someone
who has never been to one?
Oh God, good question.
I have to describe a food court in French for homework
in four to six sentences since apparently food quarks
are an American thing.
Uh, you fucking thing.
Yeah, no kidding.
I want to get some chicken nugs and some sparrows
in the same bite.
How would you describe a food court to someone
who doesn't know what one is?
It doesn't have to be in French.
I will do that.
All I have so far is a place where several restaurants are
that people go to eat after shopping.
I mean, you kind of got it.
Okay, wait, hold on, hold on.
That's a ridiculous question.
Then, like, how do I describe snow?
All I've got so far is it's frozen water
that falls from the sky and accumulates on the ground.
But that's-
Well, I mean, also-
She's done nothing to capture the spirit of the thing.
Okay.
The magic of it.
And she's also sort of mischaracterized it, I think,
because, like, you don't always go to the food court.
Sometimes the food court is a dining destination.
Oh, I see.
It's not a-
Sometimes that's your sole purpose.
It's not a pit stop.
It's in between fucking Suncoast and the Sunglass Hut.
Like, sometimes it's just sort of why you went to the mall.
Okay, so let's do some flavor text to make it, like,
that much of a throwback in a world.
Imagine stepping into the Garden of Eden,
except instead of a bunch of shitty stuff,
like fruit and trees and everything,
you could reach out your hand and pluck some Chick-fil-A.
This is the food court.
You can eat at the Big Loafer.
You could eat at Orange Panda Express.
Other people probably don't know what the Big Loafer is, do they?
I love that you guys have moved on
away from beautiful Huntington, West Virginia,
the greatest little city in this nation of ours,
and yet your images of malls and food courts
are still indelibly locked to Huntington, West Virginia.
So Big Loafer, I guess,
how do you describe a Big Loafer to someone
who has never been to one?
Easy.
Pepperoni rolls and that's it.
What do you got?
Soda and pepperoni rolls, you in?
Like, fuck yeah, I'm in Big Loafer.
Thanks for the e-vite.
I think also next to the Big Loafer
was the specialty popcorn store.
Yeah, Caramel Corn with a K was the name of that store.
And it burned down.
It was the best smelling fire basically ever,
and also the loudest.
The Big Loafer, it has a thing called the Big Loafer
that you can buy there.
Yes, it is made of meatloaf.
And it also has cookies that are filled with chocolate
and pepperoni rolls.
So I guess just translate that to French.
Jamie Oliver, when he was shooting the TV show Fat City
in Huntington, West Virginia,
he went to the Big Loafer,
realized that he had failed his
it's a wonderful life-esque angel mission,
and then just like pulled the ripcord
and went back to heaven and disappeared on the spot.
Now, I wanna warn you about the sandwiches at Big Loafer.
They're a little pricey at $5.
Wow, really?
Yeah, well, that's what the Big Loafer is gonna cost you.
Because I love you guys,
I looked up this quick story on the Herald Dispatch
about the Big Loafer,
and here's a quote from the guy who runs Big Loafer.
"'I've estimated that about 40% of the people
"'who have walked by our restaurant have never tried it,'
"'Michael Burdick said.
"'A $5 investment in a sandwich is a lot
"'if you don't know what you're getting.
"'But once people have tried our food,
"'999 out of 1,000 are gonna go, wow.
"'They find it's a great value for their money.'"
Wow, am I going to have diarrhea for a month?
No, no, no, no, no.
What have I done?
What have I done?
$5 for this?
I've gotta call my wife.
If I wanted to get diarrhea,
I could probably get it for like 65 cents.
If I spent my money wisely.
God damn it.
This is a great comment on the fatalistic nature
of many West Virginians,
that they would actually think,
wait, I'm gonna put it into my body?
I'm not gonna pay $5 for that.
I'm just gonna turn it into poop.
What kind of library living where you think
of buying a sandwich as an investment?
Yeah.
It's a $5 investment in finding out
of this sandwich place.
Well, maybe that Big Loafer is gonna give you
the calories that you need to invent Facebook too.
The sequel to Facebook.
If you could, honey, then don't get a Big Loafer.
I don't know what's wrong with you.
Stop it.
You have to stop it.
Thank you so much for listening
to our Big Loafer fan cast, the Loaf Bros.
We hope you had a Loaf-ly time.
We wanna thank those of you-
Guys, this was a big episode for us.
Yeah.
Yeah, there was no loafing here.
We were just going for it.
We should drop this loaf and let people listen to it.
Okay, well, okay.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show
like Hamish Strong, Sarah Mool.
NBNBAM Wisdom is a Twitter account
that you should absolutely be following
because it just tweets quotes from our show
and it's every once in a while I'll catch myself
laughing at it and then feel like a real dickhead.
Emily Allen, Joe Smith, Grant S, Sarah Rollin,
Alex Robbins, Sunny Webster, James Elliott,
Maggie Rossetti, Josh Lang, Chris Traslavina,
and so many others.
Thank you for recommending our show
to your friends and family.
It means a lot.
And a big thanks to Cameron Esposito
for being our first desperate
for testing out these choppy waters.
If you have somebody that you want to see on the show,
I mean, we're not going to do this every week,
I don't think, but shoot us an email
at mbnbam at maximumfun.org
and we'll try to reach out.
We'll try to-
Make sure to check out her show,
MNBNPOW and Put Your Hands Together
and all the other awesome maximumfun.org shows.
Yeah, like The Goose Down, Sawbones,
Jordan and Jesse Go, Judge John Hodgman,
there's a grip of them.
So go check it out.
And a big thanks to John Roderick
and The Long Winters for these theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fine album, fine album,
sold where all albums are sold, I guess.
And also a big loafer.
They have a stack of them.
Also a big loafer.
It's like Starbucks
where they have the albums at the front,
but it's only Seattle-based indie rock.
And thank you so much for listening to our program.
It really means a lot to us.
Make sure to join us again next Monday
when we'll be back with you.
Until then, Griffin has a question
for you to think about and ponder.
Yeah, it was sent in by Jeff and Kami.
Thank you, Jeff and Kami.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Williams
who asks,
how much gum in my pubes is too much?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
Swear on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Justin, what are you doing?
I'm strapping a chicken in my arm.
Heard there's some plague out west,
so I just wanted to, you know,
kind of get out ahead of it.
Justin, if you'd ever listened
to our medical history podcast,
Sawbones, where we talk about everything
from trepanation to bloodletting,
you would know that that is a ridiculous idea
and it will never work.
Sawbones, I haven't caught it.
Sawbones?
Yes, it's every Friday
on the Maximum Fun Network
and we record it together.
You a doctor or something?
I'm a doctor.
Yes.
