The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Guess who's back? Back again. JC's back. Tell a friend.
That's right, folks. Our main man JC stone rolled away. What's up? What's up now?
Said it couldn't be done. Sorry, haters. I thought you were talking about the second
coming of JC Chazé, whose career has hit a major updraft lately.
I say updraft. That updraft is the perfect word. He's gliding on his success, I think.
He's on a hang glider of success. So this is our special Easter edition. The
stone of ignorance has been rolled away. There in its place is us. My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
We are still alive, but we're sleeping in there.
Can I say something? I don't want to offend anyone, so I can't stress enough how much this
next statement has no religious connotations whatsoever. But of all the holidays that you
really look forward to as a kid, Easter is the only one that doesn't translate to adulthood.
You think? There's no baskets when you're an adult.
Okay, so when you're a kid, you celebrate Christmas, then you're an adult, and of course,
Christmas rules. And then you get Halloween, and then you get to be an adult, and you get to
drink and dress up. Yeah, Halloween gets better, I would say.
Halloween does get better. And like St. Patrick's Day just gets way
more awesome when you get older. Why do you even have St. Patrick's Day
if you're a kid? What are you doing? Putting food on your milk? Fuck you.
But then Easter, what's the adult equivalent of an Easter basket?
Well, most people see when they reach adulthood, they're so scared of dying, is the thing. So this
day is super wicked, because it means you get to live forever, I guess.
What about jello eggs? Ain't nothing wrong with that.
What about donut eggs, man? You guys get those here?
Cake eggs. Fake eggs?
Cake, cake, cake. Fake eggs are baller, because it's like-
I like rake eggs, which they're eggs, and they're so big you have to eat them with a rake.
These are delicious. This is My Brother, My Brother Meets An Advice Show for the modern era.
Did we cover our names yet? I think we already did that.
Thank you again to everyone who came out to see us perform live in Chicago.
On my birthday. On his birthday.
Our next live show is in the works. No details yet, but we're-
You can always come see my one-man show at the Chuggle Hut, Fake in the Funk.
Fake in the Funk, starring Travis Macklemore.
We can say where our live show will not be.
Okay.
Like, West Coast? Sorry, guys.
Sorry, guys. Eventually, we'll get there.
We know that there's a-
Until we set up a Brother franchise out in the West Coast.
Yeah. We're like rallies. We're sure there's a ton of people who- Actually, I'm sure, because
I see that info on our statistics page, that we have a lot of listeners in California.
It's a beautiful state.
We will get out there. Griffin and I will be out there in June.
We just can't get Travis out there. Well, okay.
We will get out there eventually. That's my promise to the West Coast.
This nation is so goddamn gigantic. Too big for its own good.
Yeah. Too big to fail.
If we could just get rid of the breadbasket, we might be able to get over westward.
But can't do it now because of the breadbasket.
Yeah. Sorry, basket.
So, let's get into the questions.
We did need to talk about something else, though.
Oh, my God.
Griffin, what happened?
About my fucking psychic abilities?
Yeah. About your ability to prognosticate into the future.
I need to stop making jokes because, apparently, my jokes are future truths,
and I don't want to cause the end of the world with a future truth.
Right.
Right. People sent me this link a lot this past week.
This is from ESPN, which is like my favorite website.
Here's the headline. You ready?
Philly Bot to Crank Out First Pitch.
Yes, that's right.
The University of Pennsylvania has crafted a one-armed,
three-wheeled robot that threw out the opening pitch before Wednesday's game
between the Phillies and the Brewers at Philly Diamond.
That's what they call it.
A robot.
A motherfucking robot.
They spent so much time thinking about if they could.
They didn't stop to think about if they should.
Or if they could.
Did it not work?
No, I guess they did.
They thought about that pretty hard because they did it.
The ball appeared to be traveling no more than 30 or 40 miles an hour.
Do you know what this sounds like to me?
This sounds like a beard.
It sounds to me like they're trying to throw off a
everyone's scent.
Like, oh, look, we made a little wacky robot.
We put a pinwheel on him.
Isn't he harmless?
Meanwhile, in their fucking bullpen, they got Roy Halladay.
They got Cliff Lee, who are human-shaped robots who can pitch a ball
fast enough to just throw it through a car.
The robot's trying to throw this off.
It's the old rope-a-dope.
The robo-dope.
The robo-dope.
And he's saying, you actually heard him.
They said he doesn't have speech circuits, but he actually said after he threw it,
oh, that's as hard as I can.
He said that.
I'm just a robot.
I'm just a robot.
There was a press conference afterwards and a reporter stood up.
He's like, I heard Cole Hamels has bionic legs and arms and they shot him.
They killed him on the spot.
The robot threw, yeah, 30, 40 doesn't sound that bad until it's a robot that's eight feet away
and it wants to eat your brain.
So let's get right to the questions.
How do I get my roommate to stop chewing with his fucking mouth open?
Whenever he eats something, I can hear his disgusting mouth noises from across the room.
I've told him multiple times it makes you want to vomit, but he still does it.
What a fucking cow.
Furious as fuck.
I hope he was typing this like as his roommate watched.
Is he alright looking over his shoulder?
You could do what Justin used to do whenever I chewed with my mouth open and just stand
across the room going, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Did it work?
Yeah, it worked.
Yeah, it worked.
Guys, I don't want to, this may not be the best time to get into this.
Why?
You both have bad mouth chewing policies and practices.
You both chew poorly.
Well, I don't take dainty bites.
Travis takes, Travis is like in a race.
Travis is trying to figure out how few bites he can use to consume because Travis is all
about energy conservation and chewing burns those precious calories that he's gaining
from eating his pizza bagels.
My friend in Trevor in college said I eat like I look like someone's about to take
my food away from me.
You do.
It's some sort of post-apocalyptic future and you've just found this can of gravy.
God forbid anyone tries to move my bowl.
I will take your hand off.
Yeah, he's brutal.
Well, it's hard because it sounds like a pretty good little ploy you used on there
telling him that makes you want to throw up.
Yeah, I think you've tried the direct approach.
Maybe maybe start stealing all the food in the house so he didn't have any food and
then he has to eat somewhere else.
What about that?
I'm going to say you give him the sliced alone treatment and you go right over the
top.
You smack and you jaw as loudly as you possibly can.
Every single thing that you eat, like if you could work moans into it like
like you're getting some sort of like pseudo sexual satisfaction from that taco.
I've eaten some pretty good tacos before, actually.
This might just be wishful thinking and like really optimistic, but I think that the problem
is is that people can't hear their own mouth sounds like.
Yeah, they can.
Sure.
I think that people can listen to themselves chew and they're like, that's not so bad.
I think when you eat a good meal, you get all your senses into it.
You want to touch it, you want to taste it, you want to smell it, you want to see it and
you want to hear it.
And you really want to add to that satisfaction by like letting yourself know that you're
doing a good job eating.
And that's the thing you're eating is making your mouth feel good.
That's why I'm saying moan it up.
Like, by the way, if if I ever if I ever say, hey, what's up with all the eating noises
and you go to tell me that it's considered high praise in some countries, you better
fucking have a plane ticket in your pocket.
That's that's because otherwise you'll make them move away.
They better be flying to a place where it's acceptable, like they better be in practice,
like in training, trying to get ready to eat like a like a caveman or just tell him to
he's only allowed to eat in secret spaces like he has to go into his room.
He can't eat in shared spaces anymore.
Who is this a thing referring to your bedroom as your secret space?
Is this a thing that didn't catch on here?
I guess, you know, I said that out loud and I go to your secret space, Daryl.
Well, you should just be happy that he does make chewing sounds.
Because what if he didn't have a mouth?
Then you'd feel bad.
What if you were deaf?
What if you were deaf and you couldn't hear any sounds?
Celebrate.
Maybe count your blessings.
Griffin.
What?
You know what I need.
I do.
Um, how about this?
This one was sent in by Galia Ali.
Thanks, sir ma'am.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Big Jeff.
Big Jeff.
Big Jeff asks wrestling themed wedding.
I want to get married in a wrestling ring.
I've got plenty of money to spend.
My dad won the lottery in 2008.
My girlfriend doesn't even like wrestling, but I do.
And I want to get married in a wrestling ring.
And then I want Brock Lesnar to come in and beat the shit out everybody.
You know, like he does.
And I want him to F5 my obese aunt.
I don't want a man to attack my new wife, so I want Kelly Kelly to come out and F you
my girlfriend, which would be hot because my girlfriend is a little bigger than Kelly Kelly.
Yeah, I bet, judging from this question, I bet she's a little bigger, I think.
I've only told my girlfriend I want to get married in a wrestling ring,
and she hates it.
Frowny face emoticon.
So you say, hey, do you want to get married wrestling?
No, I don't.
OK, well, what about this?
What if I consult the internet?
Let me pay you a picture.
I'm going to move forward as though you said yes.
I've got a loose outline.
It involves Kelly Kelly.
You know your mom's sister?
She's a little overweight.
We're going to get Brock Lesnar to F5 her.
We're going to get Brock Lesnar to furiously try to reload your aunt.
You know what's great?
Because I don't know who any of these people are, he might as well be saying, like, completely
made up mythological names.
To me, it's just completely insane.
If Kelly Kelly is a real person who's become famous for professional wrestling, I'm going
to go hang myself.
What happened to Griffin Kelly Kelly?
Kelly Kelly.
He saw Kelly Kelly and hung himself.
Man, this is a...
This is a... did you go to did you go to Big Jeff's wedding?
Yeah, it was pretty good until the Brock Lesnar came out and beat the shit out of everybody.
Who was that?
Is that a real person?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it apparently is.
It was like 50 to one and he whooped everyone's ass.
You know, like he does.
Like he does.
Like he does.
That's Brock Lesnar for you.
They put the cake at the top of a ladder.
They had a ladder match.
A ladder match for the cake.
Yeah, of course.
Although that obese aunt, that fat mom's sister, she got right in there.
After she got reloaded.
In case anyone is wondering, I imagine that it's like when you see a stand up comic in
like everyday life and you're like, be funny.
I bet going into a wrestler and be like, punch me.
He's like, oh, man, I'm off the clock.
I don't I don't want to punch just.
Yeah, but presumably if if this Lesnar person is making an appearance at your show, individual,
he's been compensated richly for the the act of beating.
He's about to deliver to everyone like he does.
Is that what wrestling fans are really like?
Are they really like?
OK, if I if I was a big wrestling fan and I met the rock and the rock beat the shit out of me,
I don't think I'd be a wrestling fan.
I think I'd be a litigant.
Actually, I think I would maybe find like another hobby.
Yeah, I don't I don't think that that would continue to be one of my real passions wrestling.
It really caught fire after.
Jake Snig Roberts kicked me in the crotch and threw me down a well.
How was Big Joe sweating?
It was OK instead of handing out rice to throw, they handed out folding chairs.
Booker T killed both of them with a folding chair, so probably not the best wedding.
So they're dead now.
Yeah, I got my Cuisinart back.
And I got to shake hands with Jimmy Superfly Snooka.
It's pretty good, I guess.
Pretty good wedding overall.
It was a pretty good wedding.
Ray Mysterio officiated.
Oh, I swear that was Hacksaw Jim Duggan.
Damn it, I was trying to come up with the Hacksaw Jim Duggan joke.
You should have been like me and not come up with one to say his name
in some sort of context.
Undertaker.
What are we doing?
Yeah, do you want my Paul Bearer impersonation?
Say yes.
I do.
You know what?
I'm just assuming he's Christian.
These could be Jewish services, too.
They could smash a commemorative plastic cup at the end.
They could hoist Big Jeff up on a chair and then pull it out from under him and hit him with it.
I'll take it back.
This sounds like a pretty good wedding.
I think Jeff's wife is being kind of a bitch.
This sounds awesome.
Oh man, it would make the processionals way cooler.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Instead of here comes the bride.
You walk in your own fucking theme music and jump over the ropes?
Yeah, it was so romantic.
She walked down the aisle to Crazy Train.
There were fireworks and shit.
That's pretty cool.
I think that this-
Big Jeff, I usually don't try to get into these things.
I don't get into these sorts of conflicts, but I think your wife is wrong on this one.
I think you're right.
Although it would suck if he showed up and they tried to pull the Montreal screw job on him
and he had to marry somebody else.
That's deep.
That's a deep cut.
There's one wrestling fan out there who just laughed.
Trust me.
He is in stitches.
Hey, I'm getting married later this year.
Wow.
I just found out that not one, but possibly two of my groomsmen
may not be able to make it to my wedding.
They're both in the Navy, so their schedule is dictated by our commander in chief.
What do I do?
Should I find a couple of second stringers, take their place?
Or should I make two of my other groomsmen walk down with two stinky,
possibly cootie infested girls?
Rich from Seattle.
Ooh, whatever you do.
You don't tell the replacement that they're second stringers.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not a good framing for it.
Although they probably know that they're not as good as two dudes who are in the Navy.
Yeah, that's true.
Navy men, naval officers.
I hate to hear this.
That's a tough one because you want it to be those people.
I mean, I'm sure they'd understand.
Yeah.
You gotta have a sit down with that commander in chief.
Yeah, what up Obama?
You gotta go talk to Barry and you gotta figure it out.
Say, listen, let's bend these schedules.
Hey, quick, let's jaw for a second.
Hey, hey, give me some of these jelly beans.
Barry, I know you're busy.
Barry, so help me work this out for a sec.
What is he asking here?
I think what he's really asking is, is it acceptable to have backups?
Is it acceptable to have, what's the theater term?
Understudies.
Yeah, can you have that for a wedding?
I don't understand though, he says, should he find second stringers to take to places
or should I make two of my other groomsmen walk down with two stinky,
possibly cootie invested girls?
I'm not sure I understand.
When I think he's asking, do you have someone double up
and like one bridesmaid with two bridesmaids on the other side?
Okay.
Nice.
Whoa.
Yeah.
That's a pretty tip.
When you do that, you're no longer a groomsman.
You're a coxsman.
The problem is, it's like, who's this ladies man?
If you don't get second stringers, if you don't get understudies,
your side is gonna be out of balance from your bride side.
Yeah, that's true.
And your bride is not gonna like that.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Hey, speaking witch dog, why are you asking us?
You are not making this decision, sir.
Yeah.
Sorry, friend.
You can have all the opinions you want about this.
This is not up to you.
You know what you could do?
What?
Wrestling wedding.
And then it wouldn't matter if it was unbalanced,
because you could have a fucking royal rumple.
And you would think, oh, you would think like the two friends in the Navy,
they're out of town, but then they totally come in with their work and tag in
and then like fucking kick a dude in the face.
I thought they retired from weddings.
This is amazing.
Oh my god, it's Drew Carey.
Drew Carey's in the mix now.
See, that's appropriate, because he was in the Navy, right?
And he was in the royal rumble.
My grooms would look a lot older than I remember them.
They don't look like they're in very good shape.
But their face paint looks amazing.
Did you see Kelly Kelly?
She looks so beautiful.
Assuming it's a she, she looks beautiful.
Assuming Kelly Kelly is a woman.
She's one of the, she's part of the glow, right?
The gorgeous ladies of wrestling.
Is that still an entity?
Is that, I haven't kept up.
That is the most offensive name I've ever heard.
Is that really a title for a group?
I don't think it's extant, but yes.
They used to show gorgeous ladies of wrestling.
Saturday mornings, I think.
I think you gotta go with two second stringers.
Holograms.
Holograms.
If you tell me that the Navy doesn't have that kind of technology,
you're gonna fuck right off,
because they all live in boats under the sea.
What is the odds on cardboard cutouts?
What is the situation with that?
That the lady could like just kind of carry down.
What about animatronics?
Oh shit.
I love animatronics.
You call the fungineers at Disney, they'll set you right up.
The sorry?
The fungineers?
The fungineers?
Yeah, they make fungineers.
The imaginauts.
The imaginauts.
Imaginistas.
Guys, listen, we don't need to give him-
Call the creationoids.
We don't need to give him a bunch of
phony baloney bullshit answers like cardboard cutouts and robots.
Let's talk about holograms.
Let's talk about real tech.
Will.i.am taught me this technology exists.
I have seen Wolf Blitzer made of light.
As opposed to the regular Wolf Blitzer that's made of pure darkness.
He's the most hateful man in America.
That's statistics.
Rich, I think you gotta get backups.
Just get two other guys you know sort of well,
and if your roommates or your good groomsmen should happen to make it,
you just gotta give those guys the old heave-ho.
Mm-hmm, and bonus if they kind of look like your two original choices,
and you only shoot them in wide shots.
It's good to- but they do have to do their stunts.
Last year, I met an incredible girl who I've since developed feelings for.
Unfortunately, she was in a relationship at the time.
Recently, however, they've gone through a messy and drawn-out breakup.
So now she's single, but seems to have a fair bit of baggage to deal with.
I know she's interested in me, and I think I can make her happy.
The problem is that I've been with girls who just come out of relationships before,
and it's always turned out pretty badly.
Am I better off giving her space now and risk missing my chance,
or making a move in the hope that this time will be different?
Tim.
Girls fresh out of relationships.
The- you know that I've heard that refer to the rebound they call it sometimes.
The rebound.
Well, yes, but like, I started dating Teresa pretty fresh out of a relationship.
Granted, that one wasn't messy or drawn out or anything.
I think that that's the component of this, that it's not that she's fresh out of a relationship,
but that it didn't end well.
That's where it gets a little bit dicey.
I think that anytime- I think you gotta put your heart out there.
I don't think you can worry too much about the situations that lead people into,
where, you know, where they ended up. When I started dating my wife,
she was out of a four or five year relationship, fresh out, matter of fact.
She was just waiting for her knight in shining armor, her special warrior,
as I refer to myself unironically, to sweep her off her feet.
I've totally flipped. I'm with you, Justin.
What's the worst that's gonna happen?
Like, so either you don't take a shot,
or you take a shot and it doesn't work out. The end result is still the same.
But what if you take that shot and it totally works out?
Yeah, take that shot. There's other girls, trust me.
Just take that shot and-
Here's another point.
What if you die before the end of this podcast?
What if you should- here's what you should do.
In fact, bad news, you will die at the end of this podcast.
We'll try to stretch it out as much as we can.
You have one podcast left to live. If you only had one podcast left, I would just spend it with us, I hope.
Tim, just call her right now.
Live like you were dying at the end of this podcast.
Pick it up, call her, fuck it, right?
I mean, if it doesn't work out, oh well, you learned a valuable lesson.
It sounds like you may have already actually learned that lesson before with other girls.
But you obviously haven't learned it hard enough.
You'll still be alone and you'll still be facing imminent death.
Yep.
Just constantly.
What's up now?
What is up?
Welcome to our comedy podcast.
Welcome to our comedy podcast that we have together.
It's called Death is Creepin'.
Death be creepin', you best be callin'.
That's our new segment where you make peace with your impending doom and you just go ahead and call her already.
This Yahoo was sent in by Louie Dog.
Thanks Louie Dog.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Leprechaun Tori.
Leprechaun Tori asks,
My best friend and I are starting up a babysitting company where we live and we need a name. Any help?
Right. She's 14 and I'm going to be 14 in May.
We are both CPR certified and we both most definitely want to be babysitters.
Our names are Aja, her, and Victoria, me, but I like to be called Tori.
Thank you to all who help and tribute.
We had a name, but we decided we didn't like it.
It was Monsters and Fairy Tales, but it didn't stick with us.
Baby Smothers Incorporated.
Nope, nope, nope. That's really bad.
That's pretty bad.
Marginally better than Monsters and Fairy Tales.
Honey, look in the phone book for something relating to babysitters.
We got Monsters and Fairy Tales.
I don't know what kind of service or product they provide though.
What about the Snuggle Core? Is that good?
Like C-O-R-P-S?
Yeah, C-O-R-P-S.
What about the Snuggle Army?
That is also my favorite.
That's my favorite genre by the way right now.
Snuggle Core. Have you heard it?
It's really good.
That's what Hinder is, right?
I've never heard Hinder.
Hinder is Snuggle Core.
Let me just, let me drop some.
What about Enron?
They're not using it anymore, right?
The Enron of babysitting.
I have a few Yahoo responses.
Oh, good.
John says, Prestige Worldwide.
Wait, what?
Prestige?
Yeah, like Prestige, only you spell it wrong because you're 14.
It's kind of like how Kidz Bop has like a Z and the Z is also backwards.
Sure, okay.
Hey officer, Kidz Bop would be a pretty good name.
Adriana says, Super Sitters.
Care for critters.
Care for kids.
Nancy is misleading.
Aja and Tori, the two that complete the story.
Wait, what?
Aja and Tori, more for the glory.
What?
What?
Are they barbarians?
What is their career?
More for the glory?
This was some glorious babysitting today, Tori.
The day is ours.
T'was.
We shall bathe this day in Valhalla.
Youngsters helping the young ones.
That's good because you want to really reinforce your leaving your children with children, other children.
Irresponsible children watching children.
Babies helping babies.
Barely out of puberty, ink.
The circle of baby help.
You can call it who's babysitting who.
Who let the babies out?
We would never.
What about that?
That's pretty good, right?
Runts and Rugrats.
See, there you have trademark issues with both the candy and the television.
You gotta get some z's in there.
You gotta get some z's.
Runts.
Runts.
And Rugrats.
What about rug with two g's to make it hard?
This is the most street babysitting outfit I think ever.
Pretty much.
If you want street babysitting that's just really raw and really what's happening today,
get rug with two g's and Rugrats.
It's hard to get on this baby's level unless you are as street as it is.
We're talking like fresh out of the womb.
There are babies who are so street.
So street wise.
Since your baby was fresh out of the womb, it's been so street.
Where do you find care that matches that level of real core authenticity?
I find it with Rugrats.
It's got two g's and a z.
And the z is backwards in the phone book.
I didn't know they could do.
They're gonna have to pay a premium for that.
But I think it's gonna be worth it.
I want you guys to know that I zoned out because I started picturing street babies and they
made me really happy.
Yeah, I mean I think it's a pretty positive mental image.
But if only we could write some jokes about it too.
You can't get lost along the path here.
No, no, no.
Listen, Travis is on to some next level shit because we don't really need to tell jokes
anymore.
We can just paint images in our listeners minds and they can come up with the jokes
themselves.
I am so tired right now.
Imagine babies with gold teeth.
Everybody, get this picture in your mind that Travis is painting.
Really think about it.
Gold teeth.
Bandana.
Maybe a tattoo that says, uh, rug's life.
Good.
Rug life.
Okay.
Love it.
That's it.
What is that baby listening to?
Baby Tupac.
It's reincarnated Tupac.
No, trick question.
No, trick question.
Tupac's still alive.
So it's not reincarnated Tupac.
Except it's T-W-O-Pac.
Because he's terrible.
Terrible Tupac.
He's listening to, uh, oh fuck.
What was it?
Lamb chop.
Biggie.
Good, man.
Fuck.
Lamb chop, but also Biggie.
Lamb chop and Biggie.
Oh, fuck.
You are zinging this one.
Listen.
Listen, guys.
Listen.
Listen.
Wait.
Hold on.
Muppet babies.
Don't go.
Only Biggie's in the mix.
Muppet babies, but, but, but gangsters.
Teletubbies and, and also Busta.
Fuck.
No.
See, obviously these jokes aren't working.
Just do them yourself.
Just wait.
Just wait.
Listen.
We could get you to there, but we want you to start making up jokes on your own.
The magic was in you the whole time.
Just imagine.
Thug babies.
Uh, okay.
And you're there.
Listen, we, we've, we've stalled for long enough.
Uh, I think, personally, I think we've, we waited, uh, for this, for this journey we're
about to take right now.
Just a bunch of friends headed to the money zone.
So this year, Curtis Worley wants us to wish his friend, his dear friend, Robbville.
I'm sorry.
I tried.
Rob Mumblebup.
Rob Mumblebup.
Rob Mulvey.
Mulvey Hill.
Yeah, that's it.
That's good.
Rob Mulvey Hill.
I like Mumblebup better.
All right.
Rob Mumblebup.
A very happy 27th birthday.
Rob is a huge fan of Mubim Bam.
We are a, a little late on this one.
His birthday, his birthday was April 2nd.
Oh, okay.
Only 23 days late.
Hey, when you go, when you go belated, you go Mubim Bam.
That's our, that's our new, uh, sales angle that we're using.
Uh, so, so tell me some things about Rob.
Hit me with some Rob, some Robtoids, as we say.
Um, well, his name is very short.
Very, very easy to spell.
Very quick.
If you're on, if you're doing a standardized test, that's only three bubbles.
It trips off the tongue.
Right off the next one.
Rob Mumblebup, right off the tongue.
You are still doing that wrong, but go right ahead.
Tell me more.
I'm intrigued.
You know what the, you know what the BUP's favorite team is?
Tell me.
The Detroit Red Wings.
Perfect.
They play hockey.
Love it.
Curtis Vorlie has, uh, included this on his enumerated list of Rob features.
Yeah.
So the bullet points for Rob.
He took us right to the Rob Zone, and he wrote, um, Detroit Red Wings, parentheses, hockey
team.
Thanks, Curtis.
Thanks, Curtis.
Because we're idiot babies.
For the vote of confidence.
There are some people on this show that appreciate that kind of insight.
Um, what about his favorite metal band, though?
If I, if you had to pick one, let me hear it now.
Um, it actually doesn't say, here's the thing, Curtis.
I don't want to make Curtis paid for this message, um, to, to honor Rob.
So I don't want to make it all about Curtis, but I feel like I have to give him some advice.
Uh, as far as list making goes, cause he wrote some things about Bob.
Underwroth.
You don't say.
Is he in Underwroth?
Cause that'd be pretty fresh.
Is it a band that he likes?
Is it a band he doesn't like?
He hates Underwroth.
You should see him.
This is my friend Rob.
He is equivocal about Underwroth.
And then Curtis has really brought it home with his last one.
Yeah.
Beards.
Okay.
Does he have a beard?
He has multiple beards.
Hey, this is multi-beard Rob.
He's my dear, dear friend.
I love him very much.
He has a beard for all occasions.
He did a good job with his accent, though.
He's a drummer.
See, that's, that we could work with.
Yeah.
He makes some giggles about that, but beards?
He's got a beard on his chin.
He's got a beard on his beard.
His nose has a beard.
It's called a mustache, but he calls it his nose beard.
That's why I love Mumble Bup.
He's got a way with words.
Mumble Bup, happy birthday.
Uh, sorry about your friend Curtis.
He, he does, his heart's in the right place.
God bless him.
But his list making abilities are in oblivion.
They're in space.
He doesn't possess them.
They, they're, they might as well not exist.
Our other, uh, uh, special, special message this week
is from PC perspective, back our first, very first
Can't get enough.
Repeat sponsor.
I heard that their industry business numbers
Yeah, just really good industry business.
Their sums, their money calculations, um, supply and demand
I hear it all went up 400 percent.
Whoa.
Wow.
Right through that glass ceiling.
Seems.
That's what that means.
Smashed right through it.
We gave them, we gave them a tune and we gave them
that sponsorship and everybody's like, oh, glad I get it.
They got so corny for PCs.
Now, Griffin, what does, what does PC stand for again?
Uh, it stands for prickly cactus.
Prickly cactus.
Think about it.
I'm not quite sure that's right.
PC perspective is a great spot for information, in-depth
reviews of PC components and technology news.
They got a hardware leaderboard at pcperd.com forward slash
H W L B.
Great page for recommendation to see new PC builds
without having to dive into tons of detail.
Guess what guys?
Hit me.
I just checked the leaderboard.
How's your rig?
My rig?
It's number three.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
That's a big, that's a good rig.
The only.
I bet it's putting up.
The only people who are above me are Bill Gates
and the Apple Bill Gates.
Apple Bill Gates?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
Cool.
And he's a PC user, huh?
Uh-huh.
That seems odd to me.
It is weird.
Hey, know thy enemy.
If you want to discuss how odd that is, you should go to
PCPerforms.
They got a podcast, pcperd.com forward slash podcast,
where they tell you about PC stuff.
It doesn't have as many jokes as ours, but unlike ours,
there is some worth listening to.
I hope they will actually better your life in some way.
I hope that they have jingles about us.
Yeah, I hope they've written a jingle or two about our show.
My brother and my brother and me instead of our show.
Nasty, I'm on the track.
I have to start again.
So go to pcper.com.
So what have you worked up so far?
You know what?
I've been working on it all morning trying to get a jingle
together that can combine the magic of Rob Bumby book
and PC perspective and the services that they both offer.
And I'd like to take everyone back.
I'd like to take everyone back on a journey with me to,
I would say, the soundtrack of the year 2001.
You think 2001?
Yeah.
I'm trying to think.
That was my freshman year of high school.
I was really into Apollo 440 back then.
Okay.
So maybe if you saw Lost in Space, the film,
maybe if you saw Gone in 60 Seconds, the remake,
you'll know this spoof.
Can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
You can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
You can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
You can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
Can't stop the Rob.
That's all right.
Hold on.
That's the only...
That's a goof and you know how long I worked on that?
All right, so what I can do is...
So if we had to do a pros and cons of that.
Okay, pro
Rob heavily featured Rob
Khan
The lack of any concrete details about this Rob person or our secondary sponsor piece
It's like oh other than that though fucking slam X on their oath
He likes a Detroit Red Wings
He has a number of beards
He's got a last name. That's impossible to pronounce. He's a king
of
Computer Town
He's the king
Of Computer Town
He reads PC per
Dot com
They've got forums
and a podcast
Starring Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
There it is he brought home now except for your insistence that Rob is the star of the PC per podcast
That's really great
Have you listened to it?
What?
Have you listened to the PC Pro Podcast?
You know what?
I did.
I did.
Rob, I did not catch him.
Let me ask you a second question, a follow up.
Okay.
Have you seen Gone in 60 Seconds?
Yeah.
Pretty good play.
I don't feel like you guys got the song.
Like you guys got the goof or the spoof.
I have a friend who's a girl, I'm a guy,
who steals all my male friends.
I'll meet someone new,
and then as soon as I meet this girl,
they start hanging out with her instead of me,
a fact she constantly reminds me of.
I've got a chance to win back her most recent theft
at a wedding all three of us are attending.
I need some good advice.
What can I do to win back this bromance?
Thomas.
You know, it's funny we should get that question.
Not it, this is not a spoof.
This is not a goof.
Not, I don't know, an hour or two later,
we received this question.
I have a friend who's a guy
that claims I keep stealing his bros
because they end up calling me to hang out instead of him,
but I can't help that one, I'm more fun to hang out with,
and two, I'm a girl.
He's currently trying to claim
our newest Canadian friend for himself.
How can I keep from him boxing me out of this friendship?
An upcoming wedding is the next time
we all hang out in the same place.
Holy shit.
Is that the best time to make my move?
Obviously, I'll be looking hot.
Daniel.
Or Danielle.
I think probably James, yeah.
Danielli.
I think he got on that second pass, but.
This is incredible.
Has this ever happened before?
This is the dueling.
Hey, brothers, I hate Jeff.
Love, Mark.
Hey, brothers, I hate Mark.
Love, Jeff.
Man, this is a toughie.
I feel like Thomas,
there's something in Thomas' question
where he does not realize
the sort of insurmountable millennia-long odds
that he's up against here.
It's the basic heartbeat of the species
that is thwarting you,
not anything about yourself personally.
Guys, I don't wanna keep beating a dead horse here,
but the best solution is Wedding Mania 29.
Again?
Again.
You smash Thomas with a folding chair.
A wrestle wedding.
Three friends enter, two friends leave.
See, that's what we do.
We get another ladder match.
We put your friends on top of the ladder,
and then Thomas and Danielle, or Danielly,
they just go right at it.
I wanna know what kind of cruel intentions
like these two people are living in
that they are constantly competing over new friends.
Hey, did you steal Philip from me?
Well, I mean, like, we went to Denny's last night.
Is that what you mean?
Like, yeah, in that-
You son of a bitch.
You son of a bitch.
Last night-
You got another one, Daniel.
Denny's was our special place.
You asshole.
I told you that in confidence.
I told you about how good their griddle cakes are.
Just with secret.
I thought it was a secret.
Why can't you just all be friends?
Why can't you all three be friends?
Is it like every guy wants to, is that the thing?
Is this like, like, is there another perspective
from a friend who's like, I was hanging out with this guy
and he had a sexy friend, and then I hung out with her
and now she's, they're both getting weird about it.
They just cry all the time.
It sounds like Danielle is saying that Thomas
kind of sucks to hang out with.
Thomas, but he is a great facilitator of new friendships.
He's like a realtor of friendships.
Oh, so Thomas brings them in
and then Danielle's the one who closes.
Right, exactly.
That's bullshit, man.
Danielle, you gotta pass some of that,
some of that sweet friendship juice back to Thomas.
Pass it on down.
Pass it down the line.
Share with your buddy.
To be fair, Danielle's not doing anything wrong.
She's just better than Thomas.
Yeah.
Listen, nobody's saying that Thomas,
nobody's saying Danielle isn't better than Thomas.
Like, that much is obvious just from there.
Do you know how many emoticons Thomas used in his email?
Zero, you know what I mean?
I don't know how he's feeling.
He's like, he's like talking to data.
Danielle used one and it was a winky face,
which is my very favorite emoticon.
Oh, really?
Thomas, you know what helps?
Don't refer to your friendships as bromances.
Yeah, that would,
that probably scared him off.
I just met this new guy and we're in a bromance.
Why doesn't he wanna hang out anymore?
We got fly dude kisses all the time.
I think he's a real bromosexual, just like myself,
and I really love hanging out with him.
Can we start referring to like,
can we start calling like high fives and fist pounds
and like chest bumps?
Can we just refer to those as dude kisses?
I think so.
Just gave him a big bro smooch.
It's not a big thing.
Gave him a double fist pound.
It was real European.
That's how they do it there.
I'm gonna get dude kisses going.
I'm gonna get it started.
I think you should.
I think that would be cracking.
Danielle, stop being so fucking greedy.
Thomas is so lonely.
Leave Thomas, be more awesome.
Why don't you go back in the annals of the history,
find a friend that you don't like anymore
and give it back to Thomas.
Oh, so you're saying like hand me down friends.
Exactly.
Make new friends, keep the old and give some to Thomas.
Give some back to Thomas.
Yeah, he'll appreciate it.
Think of it as a friendship tax
because Thomas does a lot for you
vis-a-vis getting you friends.
Exactly.
You gotta kick back like 20% back to him
and then 10% to social security
so that when you're old and like ready for death,
you have some friends that are waiting for you.
Griffin, yahoos, I need them.
Okay, I found these, I found two
and I'm gonna try and combine them into one super question
because they're topical.
Okay.
All right, here we go.
Yahoo Answers user prego asks,
what to do for Easter with no kids?
My husband and I have no kids.
Well, we are expecting.
Congratulations.
Way to go guys.
Are there any ideas that we can do for Easter?
I think it's gonna be raining Sunday too.
Something fun, like a sexy egg hunt or something.
Excuse me, sorry?
Like a sexy egg hunt or something.
It's the world's fastest egg hunt.
That's one locale.
Yahoo Answers user corsair asks,
what are some good ideas for my boyfriend's Easter eggs?
My boyfriend and I are being silly this year
and having an egg hunt
and we're filling each other's eggs with little things.
I filled about half with candy
but I need some cute sexy ideas to fill the rest.
I'd like a few of them to be rather suggestive
but nothing is coming to mind.
The trick is that whatever it is,
it has to fit inside of one of those plastic eggs.
Help?
So, two questions.
I think the first is more sexy egg hunt general topic ideas.
Where does one hide a sexy egg hunt egg?
Second being, what do you fill your sexy eggs with?
You're saying?
Mustard gas.
That would suit these people,
that would serve these people right, I think.
If that's what they discovered.
You guys are-
I actually, this year I invented something new for Easter
and it's called a solo solitaire egg hunt.
What you do is you take a couple Ambien
and then you hide some eggs
and then you wake up
and you try and remember where you put them eggs.
That's pretty good.
The sweet veil of Ambien has been lifted from your eyes.
You go searching Memento style for your-
And inside the eggs, more Ambien.
Everybody wins.
Have a great night.
Happy birthday, Jesus.
Maybe fill it with lube.
Hey, I found your, ah, fuck.
Oh no.
What did you do?
You're saying loose lube.
Not like a one-
I'm saying loose lube-
Not like a one shot, like a-
I'm saying when they open it,
I want it to look like the world's worst pinata.
Just everywhere, just lube spraying.
My God, there's lube everywhere.
Honey, in one egg, I've hidden lube.
In one egg, I just emptied out a squeeze it.
And you, we gots to keep them straight.
This is so important.
This is a Jell-O's is in here.
Enjoy.
A lot of people are saying that this is distasteful.
Oh yeah?
Just because of the whole Jesus thing, right?
The whole-
It's a religious holiday.
Yeah.
And like, I get it, I get it, you guys.
It is maybe not the intended way to spend the holiday,
but-
I get it.
I can't, I'm so down with it.
Like I'm so down with their, their pioneering.
Here's my main problem with it.
With all this talk of like sexy egg hunts
and all this stuff,
how did they bypass painting up your scrotum
to look like an Easter egg?
Justin, um-
Yeah.
What's up?
What if you hid the eggs all over your body?
Like, like one of those,
you turn yourself into a sushi platter,
you turn yourself into like a playground
where you've hidden a bunch of eggs.
A wonderland, perhaps.
A wonderland of eggs, of hidden, hidden away eggs.
I mean-
I just looked in your armpit,
checked right between your butt cheeks.
Right?
Hey, lift up these, lift up these fat boobs.
Bound to be one behind your knees.
Your body is an egg hunt.
Looking inside your ear canal.
Body is an egg hunt.
Oh Christ.
Put a condom in that egg, you silly.
Silly, it's easy.
Hey, I wanna hear Griffin's last question.
But first, a few quick housekeeping things.
Again, thank you to everybody who came out to Chicago.
It was a great time.
Sorry we got the episode up late afterwards.
It was kind of out of our hands.
But hopefully this one will be on time.
I was drunk for four days after that show.
We were drunk for four days afterwards.
And if you missed it,
if you go back through the NBNB AM Twitter feed,
we have a link to a video that was shot of the live show.
So check that out. There might even be one
with better audio with the actual live show audio.
And if you go back through Travis's Twitter feed,
you can see a picture taken of me after the live show
that I do not remember.
Do not recall being snapped.
I don't remember the shutter.
When you were having intimate dude kisses.
Snapping up on me.
If you wanna hear more of our show, it's NBNBAM.com.
There's all kinds of episodes there.
There's the methods of asking us questions there.
We'd love it if you subscribed to us on iTunes,
give us a rating, a review,
tell your friends to listen to the show.
You don't want them to die without us tonight.
And you're the only one who can stand between that.
Those two things happening.
That thing that we just said.
My BIM BAM will stop your friends from dying.
That's what that phrase is.
My BIM BAM will make your friends live forever.
My BIM BAM at Maximumfun.org.
We need your questions.
We were a little light this week.
If you had one that you thought was pretty good
and we never broached it, send it again.
We only get to a few questions per show.
So, you know.
As long as it's not scatological
or masturbatorial in nature.
Yeah, except in the sense that all of our show
is masturbatorial in nature.
But I mean, other than that.
We were just talking about Easter egg vaginas.
Yeah.
How do you not jerk it to that?
Not, tote bags should be arriving now-ish.
If you are a donor who got one of those.
Other goodies should be arriving the next two weeks or so.
If you're a Maximum Fun donor.
So keep an eye out.
My tote bag came and it was full of money.
Oh yeah?
Just like chock full of bills.
Shoo.
I feel bad for anybody who didn't get one of those.
Yeah, me too.
You're so rich.
Griffin.
We got any shout outs?
Oh yeah, shout outs.
What's going on on the, oh yeah, Twitter.
If you can tweet about our show with the M-B-A-M ribbon.
S Diesel has had his Twibbin,
his My Brother, My Brother, Me Twibbin.
Are we trending yet?
Are we trending?
How's the trip?
Your Muse.
They're mostly Easter based.
Of herself with scraps.
Charlene519 got her tote bag.
She was excited.
Mr. Whalen just got Jess on the My Brother, My Brother,
Me train and she had a jolly good laugh,
whatever that means in foreign language, I understand.
I've seen a lot of photos of people with their tote bags
and they were putting cats and dogs in them
and carrying them around.
Not sure how I feel about that.
I like it.
That dog or cat can't be comfortable though, can it?
I think it's the most comfortable, my problem.
Can I get a JPEG of a dog and a cat in the same bag?
Can somebody JPEG that for me?
I don't want any old ass dogs or old ass cats either.
I want young blood, I want that young stuff.
I would also like a picture of a dog and a cat
in a hot tub together just chillin'.
Just chillin'.
At the bottom it says just chillin'.
And then I want a JPEG of you
and you've hidden an Easter egg somewhere on your body.
Where is it?
And send it straight to Griffin.
I need that in my personal phone.
Those could just go straight to Griffin.
Send it to lonelyeggs at gmail.com.
Griffin.
What did you put in your egg?
I took half an egg and it's on the tip.
Griffin, please.
It looks like the juggernaut.
God, I'm begging you.
No.
Yeah, this is our final question.
It was sent in by Derek Martz.
Thank you, Derek.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Twilight Sparkle who asks,
what's wrong about being sexually attracted to Pokemon?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dads.
What do you wear on the lips?
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, hey.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart, man.
These girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
