The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody. Welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Just flipping through the old My Brother,
My Brother, and Me calendar, every week it's a new picture of Robert Loja every month.
It's the world's only week-by-week calendar. It's more like a novel.
This tells me nothing about our current chronological placement in the month or year,
but it is Thursday. I know for sure as shit it's Thursday, though. Ask me what day it is.
Right now, it's a picture of Robert Loja in a backpack, and he's giving a thumbs
up, and he's on a skateboard, because that means it's back to school time here in America.
Is he wearing a little propeller hat? Is he carrying a Pacific Rim lunchbox?
He's got like a tassel cap that's like best of 99 or something, like a cap, like a tassel cap.
Well, because just like when you go for a job interview, you should always dress for one step
higher than you're going for, so just go ahead and dress like you're graduating college on your first
day. That confuses a lot of people. Back-to-school time can always be intimidating if you're a teen,
and we wanted to give you some advice, some unsolicited advice, about how to make the most
of back-to-school time. I watched that documentary about going back to school,
and like what colors to wear. It's called Orange is the New Black, and what I learned was don't
insult the cafeteria food, or they'll feed you a bloody tampon. Trav, I thought like the over-under
on you about to make a Rodney Dangerfield goof was like 90-10, and the fact that you bucked to
those odds is like astonishing to me. Yeah, can I left field, you know what I mean? Here's what I'd
like to say. No more games. What do you mean by that? Just when you go back to school this year,
no more games. Do you mean like stop playing Pokemon? No, just like enough fooling around,
you know. Oh, you want these high schoolers to just be more direct. No more drama. I'm not
playing with you anymore. Teach. Give me my A. Right. Well, that's not how like education works.
I'm not playing anymore. No more games. I'm tired of this back and forth where I give you a paper
and put a number on it. Justin, you're describing though like the fundamental core of like what this
facility is. It's not games as much as it is like the entirety of like what school is. Why does
education have to be gamified? Why can't they just trust that you are learning and you trust that
what they're saying makes sense and is true? I don't grade the teacher when I go in. I don't say
like A+. I didn't fall asleep. I mean there are there are like surveys and like a standardized
testing is kind of. Survey says. Okay, but that's not like a game show. But you just said no more
games. So why would you want it? Well, Family Feud. Family Feud is that game is the sport.
Yeah, it's a way of life. Hey, how about this year? And it's also cursed if you're the host.
It's a cursed hosting job. I want to talk for a second about the hosts of Family Feud. Oh,
good. Good, good, good. Now hang with me. Okay, because I if there's been a more diverse surfing
IMDB with your host Justin McElroy. I know. Hey kids, come with me on the magic IMDB bus. No, I
know this is all from the top of my head. Okay, Ray Combs, not funny, killed himself. Okay,
we don't want to. Thanks for establishing the non-funny that he killed himself or that he was
not funny. No, I mean, no, he is. It wasn't funny. Okay, so after Ray Combs died, the series went on
hiatus for a while. Now, Justin, is that funny or not? Or is that something tragic? That's still not
funny. Okay, here's the here's the the secession as the crowd has been passed. It has gone from
Louie Anderson, the third King Louie Anderson, the third King Louie Anderson, who begat to Richard
Karn. Oh, man. Are you guys going to the fucking carnival this year? Yeah, I got my tickets. I had
to I had to I had to get them secondhand on eBay, but I think they're legitimate. They had the picture
of his face on the ticket. So I think I think I'm going to be able to sneak my way into this
this particular celebrity golf tournament. Jono Hurley. Perfect. You got anything with that? It's
Jay Peterman on Seinfeld. I mean, I know who the fucking guy is. You don't have to give me his
other credits. And then Steve Harvey and then Kevin Bacon. Six steps. Have you guys watched
that fucking show since Harvey's been the host of it? It is. It has gotten rippled. It's like,
what are your favorite Easter traditions? And then they'll turn to some like old grandma and
she'll be like, Percy. And then he'll be like, I don't know. And I'll turn the board. And plus,
it'd be like the top answer with 41 points. It's crazy how gross that show has gotten.
They that show has discovered more terms for a human genitals and be the other terms for sexual
activity. I'm going to have to call B.S. on this, Griffin, because according to a certain
entertainment database, he is a devout Christian. So I don't think that is. Well, that's what I'm
saying. It's it's like that. It's like the Patton Oswalt clean filth. It's like the grandma won't
say pussy. She'll say like, not a hoo ha. And he'll be like, I don't know. And it'll be the
top answer because people eat that shit up. Well, hold on, hold on, hold on.
No, people eat up when there's an uncomfortable like over hyper sexualization of family feud.
That was those were always the episodes that people like talked about. And so Steve Harvey
hatched a sinister plan where he's like, let's get that shit in every episode or
start with episode. I would be more likely to watch family feud if the people they surveyed
what it was all like 12 to 14 year old middle school boys. And so it's just like a top answer
is farts. How do you show your family your love for 27 weeks running? Top answer is farts. Still,
let's actually help a real person. No one was here about me. I think we're providing a very
valuable service to Steve Harvey right now. Steve Harvey, clean up your act. Steve Harvey,
you have the 2497th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Get it together. You know, I was walking
into my apartment and I heard a girl exclaim shit. She had dropped some groceries. She was unloading
from her car and appeared to be having a hard time carrying everything into the next building over.
I thought about offering to help, but I didn't want to look like a creeper to follow her into
her apartment. But then I felt like a bad neighbor for not helping with a simple task.
Is it possible for a dude to offer a woman help without looking like he's hitting on her?
What should I do in this situation? I'm a man in his late 20s. She appeared a little younger
and was pretty cute. And our neighborhood is okay, but a little sketchy after dark.
You would have been fine. You would have been fine had it not been for that parenthetical.
Yeah. You had to put it in there, didn't you? No, no, no. It's totally cool. I just want to help.
I don't want to look like I'm hitting on her. I mean, she was pretty cute. No. Do you see why
they think this of us? Here's the problem. Do you see? Because it's easy. How to do it without
appearing like you're hitting on her. Don't hit on her. Yeah. But can you trust yourself? Can you
trust? Because it sounds like you have some tendencies. It sounds like you don't trust
yourself. You're going to be like, oh, don't worry. I got that. By the way, nice ass.
I don't think that. Sweet melons. What? I didn't buy melons. No. Talk about sweet melons.
It's a grocery joke. I got a lot of them. I also got a huge cucumber here.
I did actually buy a huge cucumber. Yeah. No, I have it. I have the cucumber.
I have it in my, I'm saying, do you want me to, do you want me to put it somewhere like
on my kitchen counter? I guess it's, I have like a hanging basket. And then it could get uncomfortable.
I have 10 wieners. Wait a minute. How do you? But only eight buns. Why do they do that? You ever
noticed? But I only bought a package of nine hot dogs at the store that sells things in packages
of nine. I think the thing you have to ask yourself is would you have felt the same inclination to help
had it been like a dude in a similar circumstance? Definitely not. Well, the thing is you wouldn't
have hesitated to help. I mean, I think that's, what's unfortunate is, you know,
if you don't want to look, I think the reason that you are worried that you're going to look
like you're hitting on this woman is that you were, I mean, you were. No, no, no. Here's the
thing though. I can see it from his point of view though, that where the fear would be
in that instant where you got to make that decision of like, do I say something or just
keep walking into my building? Like in this day and age, sometimes I, you know, I completely get
that like, no, if I say anything, it's gonna be a creeper. And then you get inside and go,
why didn't I just like say, oh, I'll help you with that. Like be a good dude. You know what I mean?
So like, I completely get the fear and I get the worry, even if there was no planned flirting,
or it was like, oh, hey, she's pretty cute. I'm going to go help her with her groceries.
When you size out a situation, when you size it up and you check out the scene
before making a decision and acting upon it, I don't, I don't, I think it's unrealistic for us
to say you shouldn't scope, scope out the other person's physicality for lack of a better word.
Mm-hmm.
I think, I think that's just human nature. I think you, I think you see,
I think you, I think it's coded into men's DNA that like you see a lady, you know, you know,
have two arms full and having trouble opening a door and you go to open that door and on the way
you fully scope it, like you fully scope it out and not in like a creepy way, man, I'm really
digging my trouble hole right now. It's like you're trying to overcome biology way.
Right.
Like you're assessing the situation.
He's got eyes is what I'm saying. He's got eyes and he sees the, he sees all the things and it's-
This is what, what you're pointing out is just that guys are the pits.
Guys are definitely the worst.
Everybody, but here's the thing. Here's the thing. It's not like he's a fucking scientist.
He can't objectively look at her face and body and be like, yes, I will help her. You know what
I mean? So he's, so even if he recognizes that she's cute, I don't think that should stop him-
Why didn't he include it in his question?
Is, is, are we to believe that if she was less attractive, he would swoop in there and be her
valiant white knight? Cause he'd be like, don't, I'm not trying to get any play.
I think he included it in the question because he has an assumption that because she's cute,
she probably gets a lot more attention and expects that it's a hit.
Or maybe because he's trying to have a cute meet.
This is the, like you have an opportunity. I think you had an opportunity.
Oh, you blew it and you'll never have it again forever.
You blew it and you'll never have it again, but you had an opportunity.
No, now when he sees her, he just has to say, hey, I saw you the other day with
the groceries and if you ever buy too many groceries again, just let me know and I'll help
you. Hey, I was going to help you with your groceries, but you were too pretty to help you.
If you buy too many oranges again, I'll help you.
Buy too many oranges next week and maybe I won't be scared this time.
I'm going to be home about 5 30 if you don't buy too many oranges then.
Let me know next time you're planning on dropping a bunch of shit.
You had a great opportunity to go into the situation, help this woman and then leave.
And like reaffirm her fate, like start to rebuild this terrible debt of horribleness that we,
the male half of the species have built up over millennia.
Like you could start paying back that life debt that we have by just like
being nice and not hitting on somebody and just like helping them and then leaving.
Especially if you look at it from the other way that if like she saw you looking and you
didn't go over to help, she's like, God fucking dick.
He's already had too much shit.
Barbara, you have to leave this fucking city.
I am. I hate the city.
It's either dudes are hitting on you or they're not helping you with your too many oranges.
I bet that's how he gets off.
How he just holds it over your head that you can't hold six gallons of milk at one time.
Also, you need to stop drinking so much.
You can't walk anymore.
She would have been flabbergasted if he had swooped in and been like,
oh yeah, yeah, yeah, let me help you with that.
And then helped her with that and was like, all right, I'm taking off.
Bye.
Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying.
Was that Batman?
By just being a decent human being, you can like completely rewrite someone's day.
Maybe that was my grandson from the future come back to save my life.
That's the only rational explanation is that he's a time traveler.
Nope, there's nowhere else for that to go.
Do you guys want to Yahoo?
This Yahoo was sent in by Dale Roerbog.
Thank you, Dale.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ting Ting who asks,
and I'm sorry if this is too weird.
Do you smell a person while hugging?
Be true.
He adds, definitely yes.
It gives you a kind of an idea of what kind of a person he or she is.
Does it?
I'm trying to think if I've ever like intentionally.
Yeah, because that's the thing.
You mean like, oh, I hug someone and you know, like I'm breathing.
Yeah, that's the thing.
I hug someone and go.
It's like when you scope it out, when you scope out a situation and you see it with your eyes,
like the neurons are already in your brain.
Once you perceive the thing, the neurons are going to go where they want to go.
They're going to fire off the synapses that they want to fire off.
And then all of a sudden, you know, if that person's attractive or not.
When you hug someone, you have smell particles going in your nose that are firing off those.
Your eyes can be deceived, Griffin.
Right, that's true.
But smell particles can't lie.
I actually have, I think that my usual MO is to,
like I'll do a regular inhale, like as I'm going in for the hug, just breathing.
Oh, man.
But then if I like, sort of, I like.
Oh, you'll go in for secondsies.
I'll go.
You'll take a second.
Hey, do you mind if I take a second scoop?
Just real quick.
Let me just get a second scoop real quick.
Is this one per customer or can I have two?
Can I have, how much for an extra shot?
I feel like if you get an extra whiff in though, you definitely do have to comment.
Oh, man, definitely.
You just have to say like, okay, can I hug the other shoulder now?
And then you go to the right.
Yeah, like the French do it.
The French do it, double hugs.
This is a serious, serious problem for men of my sinucistic,
who have my particular almost constant set of maladies relating to my nose zone.
Which is to say, it's some kind of, it's either hay fever season or mold season
or some kind of season constantly here in Austin.
So I'm constantly sniffling.
And if I'm hugging someone, I mean, every 10 seconds I have to sniff.
And if they land in that period, it is going to seem like I'm like,
oh, hey, bring it in.
Yeah, I haven't seen you in a while.
What?
No, it's just, yeah, I'm sick.
Well, then why don't you just embrace it and be like, you smell great.
Just say you smell great, everybody wants to hear that.
You brighten somebody's day, they don't think it's weird.
Or you've been working out.
A compliment.
It's a great compliment when not said right after sniffing.
Because when somebody's fit, the scent that they produce is way,
way, way better when they've just-
Oh no, I meant that they were working out immediately prior to the hug.
Oh God.
So they smell like Jim Funk.
Also, have you guys met my friend, Jim Funk?
I want to ask you guys, this is related,
and it's something that's been on my mind for a few days.
I was watching something on TV, I don't know.
But you see it all the time.
And two people were meeting-
The TV show?
Yeah, a television program.
A few people were meeting, and when they were greeting each other,
the guy goes in and kisses the woman's cheek as like a greeting, right?
And you see this happen-
Was it his wife or his mom?
No.
Okay, well then-
But you see people doing, I mean, it happens.
People do it.
I don't know.
I mean, grownups are always doing this,
and I see it on television and sometimes in real life,
and I don't know how you would even begin to add that layer to your social repertoire.
Yeah, because I honestly, I've tried it.
Like, I've done a couple of, you know, just preliminary tries of the cheek kiss reading.
Just to kind of take it for a spin and see how it goes.
Hey, listen, I don't-
I gotta hear about your dry runs.
I don't want to weird you out, but do you want to experiment with me?
I want to try something out.
It's like, okay, so you know that awkward moment
when like someone goes for a hug and you go for a handshake?
Yeah.
It's like that times like eight, because it's like-
Just eight?
That seems so conservative.
Griffin, I've done a lot of number crunching on this.
It's eight.
Because the person pulled back-
The chances that someone's gonna fucking headbutt you is pretty high.
The person pulled back and was like,
that was eight times weirder than when you go for a hug and they go for a handshake.
That was exactly 800% weirder.
Griffin, I took fucking statistics in college.
And I do, in fact, know what I'm talking about.
I've got a survey size of a thousand.
And it was based across the board.
Well, you told us it was two.
What? No, I said a couple.
That could be a thousand.
How did you-
Could have been a thousand.
How did you-
What-
Were you-
Had you been drinking?
Like, what?
I don't know what-
Yeah, I can't even imagine making this decision.
No, that's a horrible experiment.
I did it in laboratory conditions.
Did you do one dude, one lady?
Just to see how it felt, like-
I did 500 dudes and 500 dudes.
And it was mostly for college credit,
because I can't afford to pay that many people.
Sure.
Sure.
Your fucking mouth would have been busted after a thousand smooches.
I had a robot.
I didn't do it myself.
Right.
Pretend this robot is a loved one you haven't seen in a long time.
Your acquaintances, but not lovers.
Okay, now the scene is set.
How many times worse was that?
Enter the smooching chamber.
The background is set.
Enter the smoochitorium.
Well, you don't want to skew the results,
so I had to tell them they were there for a sleep study.
Something is going to happen in this room with this stranger robot
that's going to make you uncomfortable.
Have fun, science.
Get your college credit on the way out.
It's important that they don't know
that the robot is part of the experiment, though,
or else it'll ruin the truth of the experiment.
Which is?
If you ever see a robot, it better be a part of an experiment.
Yeah.
I just can't.
Honestly, I can't.
I cannot imagine.
I mean, adults seem to do it so smoothly.
Like, when it happens, it's like-
Okay, first, can I just say, you gotta stop saying adults.
It's grown-ups.
Grown-ups are the only ones who do it.
Grown folks do it.
I see adults do it.
Like, grown-up people do it.
I don't know how they get-
I just- I don't-
Because the weirdest thing about it for me is that,
whenever it happens, the recipient never seems to be surprised.
So, in their mind, they had already met this person
in the social contract, like, halfway there.
Like, well, I'm expecting this person might kiss me on the cheek.
Have I- have there been people in my life that I have greeted
that were fully expecting a cheek kiss that did not receive one?
Just because it's not part of my repertoire.
No, I think it's like saying, I love you, where it's like,
until you do it the first time, it's never expected.
And then, once you do it, it's like, why didn't you say, I love you?
That probably has something to do with it.
And my theory, and I don't want to sound xenophobic,
which I do in, like, almost every episode anyway,
but I think that the friends that bring that element into your group of friends,
I think we can probably safely label that element,
that type of person, as people who have studied abroad.
I think that they bring that social norm back into your group of friends,
and then it sort of, it spreads like a virus throughout the culture.
Mm-hmm.
And then-
That would make sense.
It has to be sort of, like, in small do-
Like, this is not something that has stratified
throughout our entire cultural landscape in America.
There are pockets of it where it has spread.
I have been party to groups of friends throughout my travels
who, like, just don't physically touch each other at all.
Like, they don't hug or anything when we would get together and hang out.
And then, all of a sudden, one new person would be added to the group.
We'll call him Huggin' Dan, and Huggin' Dan would start hugging people.
And then, all of a sudden, the people in that group are like,
hey, hugs are pretty cool.
It's cool to hug a friend.
And then-
It's nice to connect with another human being.
With, like, a lot of your body all at the same time.
And then, all of a sudden, it's a hugging group of friends.
I think that's what happens with the cheek kiss,
except the person who does it is, like, way, way bolder than a Huggin' Dan.
They're a smooch and Steve.
If you want to become a smooch and Steve,
it's very important that you make eye contact first
and maybe put your hands on their shoulders
to, like, establish, like, this is happening.
And then, wait 30 seconds.
If they don't move, they're into it.
It's just, it's just-
You gotta wait till you feel an opening in their kinetic energy
and then you're invited in.
The fucking complications that it adds.
That's the thing.
Because, like, when we do, like,
when someone new is hanging out with our group,
our Huggin' group of friends,
I have that moment where, like, we hang out with them all day
and, like, I get to know them.
I'm like, you are a tight bro and we are going to be bros for a long time.
I can just tell it in this connection.
But we've only known each other for one day.
Do I hug you when you leave?
Here's how you do it.
Ah, this is how you figure-
This I've got an answer for.
You have to hug somebody else that you're already hugging friends with.
Yeah, and then he sees it.
And then look at this dude and you go,
fuck it, come here.
Okay, yes, that's true.
It's choppy waters, but they're navigable.
When kisses are up in the mix?
Then you gotta have one partner in crime that's like,
listen, I'm going to kiss your cheek
and then I'm going to fucking instigate it around
and people will see us do it and be like,
oh, that's not weird.
They did it.
I just don't understand where you're at in your life
when that risk-reward balances out.
I'm so good at socializing that I'm going to challenge my game.
I'm going to bump it up and make it harder for myself
because it's just too easy right now.
When you say risk, you mean the chance that maybe
they might choose that moment to go in for a cheek kiss
for you.
And then you kiss him.
Travis, when I say risk, I mean literally
any mouth-related catastrophe that has ever occurred
to anybody in your life.
How do I end up on their ear?
What do I do now?
I'm nibbling.
I'm nibbling gently.
What am I doing?
My tongue's in their eye.
I had a stroke midway through
and now my mouth is on their nose forever.
Let's also acknowledge the fact that, Travis,
in two months you're going to be a married man
and four I'll be a married man.
Justin, you've been a married man for like 50 years.
We can't get into adultery like now.
We can't get into adultery because that is what that is.
Your mouth touches another person's flesh.
That is sin in the eyes of the Lord.
I am not trying to fuck with that.
Guys, I'm a 20-year-old furry.
The squeaky clean charity doing kind.
Who's planning to buy a fursuit
to go to fur meets and charity events in.
Okay, Furries, I just want to interrupt real quick
and ask the question.
Is this a real thing where in the furry community
you just put fur before everything?
Or is this gentleman just doing it?
Furries, I think we've made ourselves pretty clear
that we're supporters of your lifestyle
and your whole thing.
We're into it.
I don't think you need to clarify
that everything you do is fur related.
Like if I'm going to-
And I might have some fur drinks at the fur bar.
Yeah, I don't go to like a tuxedo party.
I just go to like a ball.
I don't buy a clothesuit.
I just buy a suit.
Anyway, let's move on.
Fursuit, I think is actually a valuable qualifier.
I will grant you fursuit.
Okay, that's important information.
Anyway, I have wanted one since I joined the fandom
and I'm now able to purchase one
working 24 hours a week in 90 degree weather at Home Depot.
Jesus.
The suit will cost $2,300.
What the fuck?
This person's working a lot.
Give him a break.
I know though, I guess great that you have $2,300
but that's a fucking moped.
That's like all kinds of that.
Why is a fursuit that expensive?
Because it's made by a world famous maker.
Oh, okay.
I should have let you finish the sentence.
Go ahead and finish the sentence.
Thanks.
I'm a 20 year old furry.
The suit will cost $2,300 and is made by a world famous maker.
My parents, however, hate my plan.
They tell me wanting the suit is stupid and a waste of money.
Please note that my brother who is a year younger than I am
is allowed to buy expensive cigars
even though my grandmother recently died from lung cancer
caused by secondhand smoke.
Should I really listen to my parents or ignore them
and achieve my long sought after prize fursuit funk?
Okay.
I'm just gonna throw this out to you
that that's a missed opportunity in the name there
because it should be fursuit of happiness.
That's great.
So I have a lot of questions
and total understanding, total acceptance, no judgment.
We are open doors policy here at the Brother Institute.
I did not know.
And again, this is a learning journey I'm on
with the furry community.
I did not know that there was such a thing
as a world famous maker of furry suits.
I'm imagining like a Donatella Versace only.
Or this designer.
I think you mean Donatella Fursace.
Fuck me.
I'm saying that I would resubscribe to any cable plan
that any cable company wanted me to be on
in order to watch Furry Project Runway.
Can I say yes to the fur dress?
Any show about furries at all I would watch in a heartbeat.
I'm not talking about like true life.
I want to see one that celebrates a lifestyle.
Yeah, I don't want it like gypsy wedding show.
I want it to be like, look how fucking awesome
and dope these people are.
Much more confident these people are in their life than you.
And what do you do?
That's so great.
What do you do?
You get nervous if your shorts don't match.
That guy's dressed like a badger.
Fuck you.
So here's my question.
And I think that this applies to a lot of different lifestyle
things like this.
I know what you're going to ask, Travis.
Is Deadmau5 a furry?
And I've wondered this myself for a really long time.
What have you come to him?
His head has robot parts in it.
So I think he's part of a different community.
I think he's part of-
You're saying he's a steam furry.
He's a sci-fury.
No, wait, that sounds like a scary thing.
My question is, do you need to swing for the fences
right out the gate with your first fursuit?
Oh, that's a good point.
Go for the designer 2300 one.
That is actually not a bad question, Travis.
I once told myself that I was going to get into the juicing
lifestyle that I was going to try like a juice fast.
And I made it to the afternoon and it didn't go great.
And I hated it.
But because I was making an investment in this lifestyle,
I had bought like a juicer that cost like $150.
And now it just sits in my basement.
If you want it, let me know.
Especially at 20, man.
Like you're working hard for this money.
And I know you want to spend it on this thing.
But you know, maybe around like 26,
you'll be a lot more financially stable.
And that's the time to invest in the really top of the line.
Plus, maybe you don't like your furry after a while.
Maybe you like want to try being a lion.
That's a good point.
I mean, is there some sort of, and again, no judgment,
learning, education.
Is there like a, is there like a tribalistic, like, oh, me?
Like a pack mentality?
No, not pack mentality.
Like, do you have a fucking like spirit animal
in the furry community?
And then you're like, my shit is all about Arctic wolves.
Oh, are you saying like, I, you know, I'm a possum
and I've just always been a possum
and I've never realized it.
No, I'm not saying, I don't think it's kind of like dogs.
I don't think the identity like goes that deep
where it's like, I'm a dog.
I think it, I think that it's,
there's an acknowledgement of that.
They are a human and a dog suit.
I don't think that they actually think
they're a dog and a human body, but I'm saying like,
it's not something where you pick the animal.
It's like the animal has to be confusing at the fur meats.
Cause it'd be like, what happened to that fucking awesome
looking horse that, oh, no, he's a squid now.
Shit.
Yeah.
That would be, that would be confusing.
I, first off, please friend,
don't let your parents figure into this.
You're the one busting your ass.
It's your money.
And you're 20 years old.
Please just buy whatever you want.
We're just saying, if it's your first one, why not?
First.
First.
Why not spend a little less money?
Get something that's not, you know, quite as good.
And then we build to that.
Just take it for a test drive.
You know, if nothing else, just like give yourself a year
and be like, yeah, there's definitely one that I want.
But if, you know, I'm saying all this,
but I don't know if like, I don't know if that's offensive.
Like, I don't know if it's offensive,
the idea that you're just like, get a new fursuit when you want.
Like I'm wondering if it's like, there's more of a tie there.
You know what I mean?
Then I, then I know about, like it, it's, it's something
much more with more gravitas than just like,
a suit that you wear.
There's more of a connection that you can't just dispose of.
I think for me, it's just like,
even at this point in my life, I'm almost 30.
And like, if someone said, do you want to buy a car for $2,300?
I'd still be like, oh, I don't know.
That's a lot of money.
I'm just saying, it's just like a huge,
it's just a huge chunk to commit, especially, especially.
And I know that they shouldn't figure into it,
but like, if you've just hit the $2,300 mark
and buying this will drop you to zero, you know what I mean?
And what about, what if you pay $2,300
and then you put it on and just all you can hear
in your head is, it's itchy, I'm itchy and it's hot.
I hate this.
What if this person has been waiting
for like a year and a half, they made this appointment
a year and a half ago to see this world famous set.
What if this is like fucking Hattori Hanzo steal?
Like, what if this is like, this is his one shot.
This is their one shot to get this sweet ass
Hattori Hanzo suit, fursuit.
That's a Hattori Hanzo eel.
Do you know what I mean?
Like this, this may be once in a lifetime.
Justin just chopped a baseball in half.
That's ridiculous.
No, I know what you're saying.
I mean, it is definitely throwing your hat over the fence
as far as like-
And that hat costs $800
cause it's part of a $2,300 ensemble.
I think end of the day, like Justin said,
just don't let your parents figure into it.
Like it's your life and you're the one making this decision.
You're gonna be living with it, you're doing it.
Yeah.
So like, don't worry about what they say
because it's not their life and you're, you know, an adult.
Follow up question.
I'm sorry to have so many questions.
I hope people know it's not coming from a place of judgment.
It's all about education and learning.
And that you're asking us.
And I'm asking you and you guys are both dummies.
But when I worked during the summers as WTCR,
our daddy's radio station,
their mascot cowabunga in which I would dress up as a cow suit,
I guess my overall question is, am I a furry?
No.
I did it too.
And I would be happy to, I mean,
if I had an end with the community like that,
like I was a furry before they were even called that.
Yeah.
I would be willing to bet.
I'm just gonna guess that there's a big difference
between being a person who puts on a suit
because you're getting paid to do it.
Yeah.
And being a part of a community that says,
this is my lifestyle.
In my defense, full disclosure, whenever I wore this suit,
I would walk around screaming, I am a cow.
Moo and shit.
Cow, cow, cow, cow, cow.
Also, in this person's defense,
that fucking suit didn't cost $2,300.
That suit maybe cost $52 at Magic Makers.
And imagine wearing that to a fucking fur meat.
Like, hey guys, can I play?
I'm wearing a jumpsuit made of felt
and my head is made of shitty paper mache.
I'm one of you.
Like, you're wicked not.
This suit cost me 10 Gs.
Cost me 10 stacks.
It's got working gills.
This is an actual suit I can swim in in the ocean forever.
It's got gills in it and shit.
The best part about the cowabunga suit
is there was an upgrade made at some point
where it also included an ice vest
to try to keep yourself cool and comfortable
inside the suit.
So the experience was really, it was unparalleled.
You would have frozen nipples.
Yeah.
And sweaty everything.
Daddy, why is a cow not moving?
Oh, his heart stopped.
His body temperature was reduced
to a point where his heart stopped.
It's actually very interesting, son.
Let me tell you about the science behind it.
There was also two forms of cowabunga,
the skinny form and then the fat form
that included like this foam kind of fill out
shaped like a bell.
Did you do a t-trap?
Yeah.
All right, you did a t-trap.
I was also in the key coyote and the B-97.
Fuck, your fur credentials are like on point.
Listen, I'm no Johnny Fur lately.
You know what I mean?
I do know what you mean.
We're all furries.
And if we're going to buy a new suit,
we've got to get paid.
Let's go to the money bag.
Ugh, it happened again.
Are you going to tell us like what?
Or?
It's my balls.
You know, I turned my back on them for 30 seconds
and they just start wandering.
Hold up.
How the fuck did you physically turn your back on your balls?
I turned my back on my balls
and they just start wandering.
More pressing question.
Do you dedicate every hour of the day,
save for 30 seconds to just staring intently at your balls
and making sure they don't get up in the-
Don't go anywhere.
I have to as the only option.
It's the only option I have
because as soon as I turn my back on them,
they just start wandering all over my body.
Isn't there a service you could pay or something
to like do that for you
so you could like get some sleep
or like enjoy a meal?
Got to be a better way.
Well, good news.
I know I'm the one with the problem.
There's a wizard that lives in the forest
that can cast a spell
that can charm your balls to sleep.
I'm giving you a brief resume.
And this is a service that you can sign up for
at extremerestraints.com.
It is not.
Betterextremerestraints.com, you could buy a cage
for your penis that keeps it exactly where you want.
The circle around the balls.
I don't want to split hairs,
but you did say balls.
Is this-
Listen, if you don't want to split hairs,
you should stay away from a cage
that goes around your penis.
It's got a little lock on it.
It's the CB6000S chastity device.
Oh, the 6000S is out?
Yeah, it's finally out of Japan.
It's finally here in America.
It comes in a lot of different sizes.
Listen, just be honest with yourself
when you buy it, okay?
There's no metal for getting the biggest one.
And it's got a hinge for added comfort,
which seems-
Counterintuitive a bit, maybe?
Counterintuitive, yeah.
They made a little prison for your dick,
but it's got a very nice window in it
so your dick can see outside.
There's a little pillow and a private bathroom.
It's nice.
It's just one of like thousands,
maybe millions of sex toys at ExtremeRestraints.com.
Adult entertainment devices.
They have a little bit of everything,
no matter what the fetish or whatever thing
that makes you sex better, they've got it.
You know what I love?
If Extreme Restraints just threw
like a couple of products on there
that just like that there was no sexual application for,
just so as people were browsing through,
they're like doing it, doing it,
and they get like a skip it.
And they're like, okay.
I could find a fucking way.
I could find a way to fuck with that.
I've always wanted to challenge my dexterity.
The great news about ExtremeRestraints.com
is that by entering the coupon code Sexabunga,
you can save 20% on your order.
That helps to support our show
and it helps to support your sex.
I just realized that the coupon code we invented,
the amazing coupon code,
might actually be guilty of intellectual property theft
of the WTCR cow mascot.
Cowabunga?
So head on over to ExtremeRestraints.com.
You can get yourself a vibrator,
a cage for your penis, whatever you want,
whatever you need, they've got it.
And you can go right now.
So thanks to ExtremeRestraints.com
for supporting our show.
And thanks to you for getting your sex better.
Can I recreate every scene from Orange is the New Black
with my dick prison?
Yep.
Uh, yeah.
Cool.
My pee pee looks like the girl from that 70s show,
so that's perfect.
My name is Graham Clark.
My name is Dave Shumka.
I'm the other guy who hosts Stop Podcasting Yourself.
And I'm the other guy that hosts Stop Podcasting Yourself.
We are from Canada, so we don't know many of your ways,
but what we do know is quality podcasting.
And whale blubber.
Yeah.
There's 50 different words for podcast in our language.
We would say all 50 of them,
but why don't you just listen to our show
and you'll get the gist of what we're about.
We bring a guest on.
We talk about their lives.
We talk about our lives.
We talk about things they've overheard.
It's a great time.
And you know what?
You're not going to regret it.
Stop Podcasting Yourself,
available from MaximumFun.org or on iTunes.
Brr.
That's what we say in Canada when we're cold.
Farm wisdom.
Farm wisdom.
Get your cow into a soup.
Farm wisdom.
Oh, what if you put your cow in a person's suit?
Oh yeah, I'm a humie.
I'm a skin.
I'm a flesh-o.
What would they be called?
Humies?
Humies, maybe, I guess.
I'm a humie.
Cows are proven to have...
Oh no, you know what, Travis?
You should read farm wisdom.
That's your thing, I think.
Okay.
Cows are proven to have best friends.
If they are separated from each other,
they get stressed and their milk yields suffer.
That's from Victoria.
Yeah, I don't know why,
but I find that fucking heartwarming.
Oh, it's amazing.
I actually watched,
there's this documentary on Netflix about,
I think it's called Animal Odd Couples.
And it's about this dog and this cheetah are best pals.
And so to interview zookeepers, they're like,
yeah, I don't know what fucking happened.
This dog and cheetah just started hanging out together.
But you knew that they just put them in a cage,
like, let's see what'll happen.
You know, they went through like 14 dogs and six cheetahs
before they found the right mix.
Griffin, I cannot imagine how bad of a day you have to have
before you decide that you deserve Animal Odd Couples.
We watched a very bleak marathon of Homeland.
And I was like, we gotta fucking boost these spirits.
Let's watch a monkey on a dog.
Trav, any other farm wisdom this week?
Yeah, I want Griffin to read the second one.
This is one sent in by Laura, thank you.
She says, if you want to get rid of a ground horse,
get rid of a ground hog, pee in its hole.
It will move to a better neighborhood.
All the property values around here have just plummeted
ever since Jeff peed in our burrow.
I feel like a bad elements moved in
ever since Jeff peed in here.
Hey, Jeff, what are you doing?
Hey, neighbor.
Hey, neighbor, I'm just gardening.
Yeah, I just put in my last mortgage payment today.
We own the, oh, fuck.
Oh, Jeff.
Just repainted the kid's room.
We pretty well have, oh, damn it, Jeff.
At least the smell's gonna go, oh, you ate asparagus.
Oh, fucking Jeff.
You know, earlier today, I was telling Jeff
about our ground hog problem.
Oh, God damn it.
God damn it, Julia.
I told you not to tell Jeff about our ground hogs.
Oh, he's outside already.
Son of a bitch.
I kind of feel like that's a catch all way
to get anything to move out of the neighborhood.
Like, is there an animal that like,
you pee in its burrow and it's like, nice.
Nice, sweet.
Probably prairie dogs.
Fucking nasty ass rodents.
Let's get some piss up in here.
Yeah, now the party's really getting started.
We're all freaks.
You know rattlesnakes are getting dirty.
We love it.
You guys wanna Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Bobby Mitchell.
Thank you, Bobby.
That's why Yahoo answers user demonica who asks.
Do these guys want to steal my horse?
It's very complicated, but I'm going to try
my best of what's happening.
I got a healthy, sorry, I already fucked up.
I got an healthy race horse.
He's four and beautiful and calm as anything.
He's a dream horse.
So anyway, there's a group of lads.
They keep on pointing my horse out in the field
or in the stable.
They asked me if he was mine today.
I was on a hack out with him,
and the guys keep their eyes on him.
And when they noticed I was watching them,
they turned the other way.
So when I came back to the stables,
they were outside my stable door and said,
oh, he's beautiful, isn't he?
But there's something suspicious about their behavior, right?
They also want to stop beating it.
I also noticed, gross, I also noticed
when I'm riding in the arena,
they watch him in the far distance outside the gate.
So any idea of why they seem more attached to my horse?
Are they flirting?
Other people are also interested in him,
but they don't do what they do.
So I'm finding their actions very suspicious.
What should I do?
She means, are they flirting with her?
It's hard to tell.
By lads, she may actually mean four other horses.
Like horses are following her horse around.
Gonna steal this horse.
It'll be like horse taken.
You know, I think that any,
I think she might be projecting a little bit.
She just loves that horse so much
that she assumes everyone else
would want to get into this dream horse.
Get into it?
Like get, you know, like get.
They just want to take a, you know,
they want to get inside, like sit in the passenger seat.
Right, right, right.
Get into its whole scenario.
They think, hey, like, like you could, you know,
really get into it.
Like that scene in Ace Ventura when nature calls
and he's inside the rhino.
God, if we could go one episode.
No, I don't mean like literally into.
I mean, like, like when you go to the car dealership,
it's like, I can get you into a new sedan.
What's it gonna take to put you inside this horse?
You know, I don't think a horse can have a side car, Justin,
if that's what you're, if that's what you're suggesting.
Does AC come standard on this horse?
Is this a standard or automatic horse?
I see.
Can you even steal a horse?
Like, if you can, the worst thing you can do
is sit there and go, that's a beautiful horse.
No, you know what?
What kind of oats?
Does he eat any kind of special oats?
How would I steal him, just hypothetically?
The problem with the idea of stealing a horse
is because it implies that you can own a horse
and as we all know.
Not possible.
Nobody can own a horse.
They are like freedom incarnate.
You can steal a dream.
Can you steal a hope?
Can you steal wishes?
At best, you can form a partnership,
a voluntary partnership with a horse.
At best.
There is no title involved in the process.
And if anything, it's a tenuous agreement.
Can you steal a sunset?
Can you?
Travis.
I imagine it's also-
Answer the question, Travis.
Oh, sorry.
Answer my question about sunsets.
Yes.
In Oceans 14.
Why is it so dark?
It's like fucking-
We're stealing the sun.
You fucking lost it, Danny Ocean.
We're gonna get killed.
We're gonna get killed by the mafia
unless we bring them the sun.
We just need to build the ladder big enough.
Okay, you smell like poop
and you haven't cut your hair in six years.
Bum bum.
We gotta get the Asian guy to jump up to the sun.
Brad Pitt's character won't stop eating human flesh.
We gotta hold him up and hide him in a rocket.
Hide him in the rocket that NASA sends up there
and then he'll jump to the sun.
So Brad Pitt, did you get 14 people to help with this mission?
No, everybody thinks it's kind of dumb.
It's kind of a bad mission, I think.
Because they don't see how we make any money off of it,
which I think is short-sighted, but I do see their point.
The only guy we got was Scott Conn.
He's not doing anything.
I told him lunch would be provided and he was in.
His identical brother Casey Affleck was busy.
I don't think you can steal.
I think the horse won't be cool with it.
That's the thing.
I imagine it's hard to steal something
that actively wants to return from whence it came.
Because what good is that?
You got a horse that you could never put out in the field
or it's just gonna be like, peace, come back to where the apples are.
You have to indoctrinate that.
You have to, right, you have to brainwash the horse.
It's got to be very much like Homeland.
You know what I mean?
I'm not saying beat the horse until it loves you,
even though that is basically the only interaction
that us stupid humans understand with those horses.
I don't think that horses have the sort of homeward bound instinct
that you guys want them to have.
I don't think that if you get a horse in Colorado,
horses are gonna be like, well, it's back to Ohio for me.
If a horse is gonna run back to Ohio,
you better help their own apples in between those two.
As the crow flies, they had better not pass any apples
because that horse will stop and live there.
If you're gonna steal the horse,
you have to form a partnership with it.
I am going to try and do this
because I don't have the money to do this.
You got to throw down some negs first, right?
You got to insult the horse a little bit.
And that's how you get the horse interested in you.
So you say like, oh, I don't think you run very fast.
Your mane isn't glorious and beautiful,
like the most beautiful head of human hair.
And then you give them some oats.
Griffin, you're just cribbing stuff
that you learned from the Giddy Up artist.
Imagine like a little jockey with this big stupid hat.
Do you know that show was filmed in Austin?
Those fucking douchers left like an irreparable scar on this city.
I'm surprised that anybody can pick up anybody for any reason.
Ever.
Ever.
Hey brothers, I just started a new minimum wage job
and my mom won't stop asking how it went.
I like my job, but nothing really happens at the bakery.
How do I include her in my life without boring her?
That's from vague and vacant.
When she asks you to say, you know, making dough,
and you do that enough and she'll stop asking.
Oh man, it's been in my, like speaking from experience,
I can say that when questions ask about boring shit,
then our answers are usually pretty exciting.
I mean, you can make stuff up.
You can lie.
How was your day?
It was fucking wild, mom.
Oh, let me, you're not going to believe it.
Pat Sajak came in, that's burned the place to the ground.
That's your, that's just lost, lost his shit.
That's your big day?
Took three people to wrestle him to the ground.
He was foaming at the mouth.
He was riding a stolen horse.
He jumped through a plate glass window.
I thought I would hear about that.
And he just, he just, he just, he just,
kept screaming, popper nickel.
Why wouldn't I hear about this in the news?
It's a big government coverup.
Apparently he had escaped from a government testing facility
where they were testing cheek kissing.
And he just fucking lost it.
Now I don't think that this is, I think you're.
Mom, mom, try this free sourdough I brought you.
Let me, is this laces?
Oh, oh.
Sorry mom, you knew too much.
This is funny, I like this podcast.
Oh man, this is the great thing about having three guys on it
is like every once in a while, one of us can just sort of,
it's usually me.
Yeah.
If you need to rotate out, you just go back to the back of the line.
It's like, I say something funny and you guys just,
we need a schedule, we've been putting it off for a long time.
Some of the color coded in our weekly calendars.
I feel like at the beginning we needed all three of us
to be working constantly,
but I feel like we're getting closer to peak efficiency
or peak not giving a shit.
So we may want to just revisit that whole schedule thing.
I love it.
Read the next question.
Sounds like it'll be good.
Regularly, I'll be having a conversation with someone
and they'll drop the combo of excessively complimenting me
and criticizing themselves.
I'm never sure how to respond in this situation.
I've tried complimenting them back,
telling them not to be so hard on themselves
or ignoring their criticism and just accepting the compliment,
but it all feels hollow and weird.
There are three people in my life who do this all the time.
One of whom is my boss slash advisor,
who I work closely with.
What should I do when this comes up?
That's from so hard on yourself.
I would also say that if you have three people
and it sounds like you're only required
to actually spend time with one of them,
then you have an opportunity to drop at least two of them
from the roster.
And the way you do that is you have them talk to each other
and they form a recursive compliment criticizing cycle
that they talk to each other until they both die of old age.
And then you only have but one to deal with.
Mm-hmm. And then you only have but one to deal with.
You could also easily cut them out by when they're like,
no, you're pretty and I'm ugly.
You go, yep. Yep.
Check out my style.
That's not your opinion, that's fact.
And you're kind of a dumpo.
You're kind of a dumper.
This is tough because you don't,
I mean, on the one hand, you don't want to give,
you don't want to reinforce this behavior
by giving the person what they seek,
which is a bunch of compliments.
Hmm. What's the second half of that?
That's it. I mean, you don't, that's it.
I mean, what's the alternative is you have to sit there
and tell them that, yeah, uh-huh.
Yeah, you got it about right.
Because psychologically, the other problem is,
is that if you do it,
not only are you reinforcing behavior,
but it also drives home for them that the only reason
they're getting complimented is because of this.
And it actually hurts their self-esteem in the long run
because it's like, they wouldn't have complimented me
if I hadn't asked them to.
I think you're- And you know what I mean?
And it becomes a bigger problem.
Your only response is, I think,
a broad, sweeping generalization
about just the futility of everything.
So they're like, I'm just, I'm so ugly and you're so pretty
and I wish I could look like you.
Like, well, I mean, my looks are gonna fade,
looks always fade until we are returned unto the loam.
But in the long run, I mean, we're all just dust anyways, right?
Think about it. We're all just a big cosmic joke.
Matter's default state is chaos.
Think about it.
Our lives are just a fucking blink of an eye
in the grand scheme of things.
My good looks have also pretty much ensured
that nobody's ever going to help me pick up my groceries.
So. So my life is pretty much shit too.
Maybe think about that a little bit before you start whining.
Maybe ask them more questions
about why they feel the way they feel.
Just kind of get, try to get to the root of it, you know?
Oh, why do you feel that way?
Why do you think that?
Like a psychoanalyzation.
But it could be like,
why do you feel that way about your own looks?
And they could be like, elephantitis, dude.
Like, look at me.
Fucking come on.
Because of that acid incident, you dick.
Also, you're Charlize Theron.
So like, that's why I made that comparison.
So like, that seems pretty obvious.
Ooh, what about this?
Is this helpful advice?
Just fact check me here.
Okay.
Just start complimenting them before the cycle starts.
Whoa.
So when you see them, be like,
hey, is that a new haircut, a new shirt?
You look great today.
And they'll be like, but they'll find the thing.
They'll be like, yeah, but I'm real dumb.
And then they'll be like, well, fuck.
Well, then if that happens, if that happens,
you're completely justified.
I'm like, Susan, just gave you a compliment.
Don't do that.
That's the perfect thing.
Susan.
Don't fucking undercut me on this.
Don't fucking undercut me on this.
I said your new shirt looked nice.
You started talking about your butt or something,
and I hate it.
Susan.
Classic Susan.
This is like, pure Susan.
This is unfiltered, fresh from a mountain spring, Susan.
Maybe you go even deeper with Susan.
Instead of Inception complimenting her,
when you go in for a hug and a cheek kiss,
when you're in there, you lean into her ear,
and you say, don't even fucking start, Susan.
Susan, don't even get fucking started.
And then you pull back.
Susan, this may seem like the day,
this is not the day for your shit.
Susan.
This is my house now, Susan.
Susan, we're all-
The dynamic done changed.
We're all working real hard, Susan,
to put up with Susan.
Why don't you give us one day's respite from your shit?
Susan, look around you.
You are standing on a razor.
This is the edge of a razor,
and you are on it.
Also, just real quick wanted to tell you
that you smell delicious.
As long as-
You have on Dr. Pepper lip gloss.
What is that?
It is enchanting.
Susan, you smell enchanting, and today is not the day-
Today is-
But don't get me wrong,
enchanting lip smell or not,
I'll fucking end you.
Now, Susan, I don't want you to get freaked out,
but I'm gonna try something.
Was that good?
And then meanwhile, your coworkers are going,
she's been talking to her boss for like 20 minutes
in her ear.
I don't know what's going on.
I think she wants a raise.
Did she just kiss her on the cheek?
Let's get that started.
Let's all do it.
Best friend club.
Craig, come here.
I want to try something.
I just saw Jenny do it to Susan.
It's great.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Hey, Craig.
Dope fucking stuff.
Craig, I wish I could just live on your shoulder.
You smell so much better than Susan.
Don't tell Susan.
Smell Susan.
I'm right here.
Susan.
Come here.
Bring your head closer to Craig's head.
I'm gonna conference you in.
Smell Craig real quick.
Now smell yourself.
Craig smells like cronuts.
I love it.
Do we eat cronuts today, Craig?
I think I love Craig.
Guys, I have an announcement.
I think I love Craig.
This just in.
Griffin loves Craig.
And you know who we love?
We love you for listening to our advice show,
My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
We hope you've had a good time here today.
Uh, thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Uh, Emma Yardley, Evan Weston, Rebecca, and your good pal,
Charlie, Vaughn Pinpin, Phil Davis, Carl W.
Daniel, Adam Schwalle, Joshua Scott Ricker, everybody.
Thank you so much.
You can follow us at MBMBAM tweet with the MBMBAM hashtag.
Uh, and, uh, just keep us in your heart.
We, um, if you want to shoot us questions,
I don't think we've given out our email address in a long time.
It's MBMBAM at Maximumfun.org.
Um, you can send us questions.
You can send us Yahoo's.
Thank you to everybody who sent in Yahoo's this week.
Um, also check out the other shows on Maximumfun.org.
There's a ton of great super free comedy podcasts,
like Throwing Shade, Jordan and Jesse Go, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Wham Bam Pow, One Bad Mother, Bullseye, Judge John Hodgman,
and Risk, The Memory Palace.
And Sawboners.
Sawboners.
Is that show still on?
Got them.
It's not what it's called.
I think it's called Sawboners.
It's called Sawbones.
It's a medical history show.
I do it with my wife and it's great.
And it's better than this dumb show.
At least you'll fucking learn something.
Listen, by the way, Justin,
I feel like you've been stealing a lot of our market share.
Yeah, we need to talk.
We'll talk about that off the air.
But, um, uh, if you want to have a spot on our, uh, on our money zone,
just go to maximumfund.org forward slash Jumbotron.
You can get a personal message.
You can, uh, get a message for your business or website,
or if you work for an organization or are yourself a one person organization,
then you can have a super professional one,
just like we do for, uh, Extreme Restraints everywhere.
Yeah.
If you want to do a personal message where you talk about how much you love
Extreme Restraints line of products, that would actually be great for us.
Just in like a time saving level.
Think of us is what we're saying.
Just think of us when you, when you give us money to talk about you.
I also want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Got a lot of complaints during the, um, the early years compilation.
They're like, where's that John Roderick and the Long Winters song.
And I said, I'm sorry, I don't know what Justin was doing.
I was just trying to get retro for one episode.
Just one episode.
It's old school.
Yeah.
Why are you so eager to move away from the past or from what?
Why are you so afraid of what the future?
Cause I sounded like a fucking nerd bird back then.
And I don't know why.
He had a lot of growing up to do to beat yourself up.
I guess that's true.
You want one final Yahoo?
Please.
I'm ready.
This one final Yahoo was sent in by Jonathan Bodd.
Thank you, Jonathan.
It's by Yahoo answers user Livipud who asks, what is cilantro?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Squat on the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
