The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era. We have a
very serious message to begin this week's show. On November 6th, you have what is perhaps your
most important responsibility as a citizen. On November 6th, if you use standard two-day
shipping on Amazon, that's the day you're going to need to order your birthday presents for Travis
and I to get here by November 8th on our birthday. Because, I kid you not, anything that arrives on
November 9th or later goes right in the trash. Just throw it away. You might as well get them
kindling, because that's all that it's going to turn into. If you send me a Kindle, I will burn it.
Try to get that Kindle in by the 8th. Try to get that one in under the wire.
If the Kindle's in on the 9th, it's kindling. Otherwise, just send them a bunch of rolled up
phonebook pages. Something to fuel the flame. Justin McElroy, P.O. Box, 54, Huntington,
West Virginia, 25706. You got to get those gifts in early, folks. I want to go to the post office,
and when I go to retrieve my mail, I want it to be like, ugh, this guy.
Oh, and like the old time, they pull out a bag of fan mail, you know, and just slap it down on the
counter. Big Miracle on 34th Street style sacks of mail of people who believe in me.
I believe in Justin. I actually don't send, like, postcards. I have no use for that. That has no
resale value. How are you going to get these gifts that are sent to our Huntington-based mailboxer,
Travis, who also shares your birthday? Well, I'll get them to him on the holiday.
Oh, you'll get them on the Christmas tip. Get them on the Christmas tip. Maybe a little
re-gifto. I will try to restrain myself from burning them.
Man, I wish my birthday was the same year as your guys.
That would be sweet, if it was like a my brother, my brother, me birthday
spectacular. I mean, it basically is. Haven't we talked about legally changing that before?
You've got to be able to, like, legally change your birthday, right?
Yeah, I mean, legally, you can get in a time machine, and then when my parents were about
to bone down on... Hold up, hold up, hold up.
Let me do the math real quick. July? It would have been, like, July 17th, right?
Then I would kick in the door and be like, can you guys please chill on this, please,
for seven months? Can you chill on this for seven months? Pick whatever day you fuck to
make Justin and Travis... Keep the fire alive.
Keep the fire alive till then. It's February. It's like around...
I don't want to think about this. It's Valentine's Day.
It's Valentine's Day. I don't want to think about this.
I'm just saying there's a very special basket involved.
Like anything else, I want to think about anything else. Let's talk about...
It's important, though. Hey, you guys, it is important. Get out there. Get out to vote.
Rock the vote. Get out to vote. And when you're out there,
vote for Obama. It doesn't matter who you vote for,
as long as you vote for Obama. You've got to vote for Obama.
The other guy is just the worst. He's just the pits.
That guy seems kind of like the pits. How do you not get this by now?
Watch a TV. Anything.
Anything. I don't want to get political here,
but it seems like you should probably vote for Obama.
The line is clearly drawn in the sand. One is the good guy,
and the other guy is the fucking smoke monster from Lost.
Like, you know the score. You know the score.
I saw a video on the internet of Romney supporters at an Ohio rally,
and every one of them was lighting garbage cans of trash on fire
and then dumping it on kids. That's every person.
Straight talk. Heard this come up on the local radio station.
Mitt Romney coming to, I think it was Columbus,
and performing with him on stage, Marshall Tucker Band.
Then Obama coming to Cleveland, performing with him,
Jay-Z and Bruce Springsteen. How you got to fucking vote for Romney?
Pretty good. Did you guys see the clip where
Mitt Romney was, he didn't know he was being filmed, and he was at the beach,
and he unbuttoned his shirt, and then in his stomach,
there was a little glass window. There's a little glass cage
with a talking brain in it, and Mitt Romney is crying.
As it turns out, Mitt Romney is crying. Did you guys know that Mitt Romney,
did you see the clip? It was Huffington Post.
It was the front page, just in big red letters. It said,
Crang? With a question mark, and then there's a picture
of Mitt Romney's windowed torso.
Listen, that's just the liberal media, you know,
trying to sell him as a robot body with a brain in his tummy.
Yeah. No, he does have that,
but he insists he's not crying. He'll own up to the fact that
there is a brain inside his stomach. Everyone with a brain inside their
stomach isn't Crang. That's kind of bigoted for you to say.
I'm actually surprised to hear you say that.
Travis, is it just abysmal for you right now,
trying to watch TV, trying to get your TV on?
Do you mean because I have to deal with the fact that there are current events
going on around me at all times? Well, no, because you're in a swing-
You're in the swingin' estate.
The swingin' estate, yeah.
It is bad. Here's the only thing that makes it better.
The only thing that makes it great is listening to the ads where they've
tried to capture real people who are like, you know, as a mother.
But even better, they'll try to act like they just plopped a microphone down
in the middle of the kitchen table, and you're just over here being like,
yeah, I don't know about this Romney guy saying he's gonna cut spending for kids
and stuff. I mean, I guess as a mom, I hate that.
There's literally one where it's like, well, let me look it up real quick.
And you hear her typing on the keyboard and saying like,
Mitt Romney, federal spending for education.
Oh, oh, no.
This is hardly ideal.
I don't like this at all as a mother. Well, let me-
Hold on. Obama financial aid.
Click, click, click, click. For students.
Oh yeah, I like this. Oh, a video clip.
And then you play it and you hear Obama talk.
It's like the best because someone out there is listening to it going,
how did they get this audio?
How did they make a radio of internet?
That's why not just say, go to our internet and it's going to be,
you're going to have all your questions answered.
Travis, do you feel a sense of superiority over Justin and I,
because your vote is technically worth two of Justin's votes and roughly 18 of my votes?
Yes, indeed. I do.
I want you guys to know this.
It's like you have like dodeca suffrage.
Like it's so much, so much doper than mine.
So much liberty. Griffin, which way is Texas going?
No, no, no. Texas, are you kidding?
This place is the hotbed.
Texas can't make up its mind not only between Dems and Repubs,
they want the Greens.
They want the, they want the Libbers.
Are they going to go for Gary Johnson?
Everyone. They don't know who to vote for.
I don't like that. It would be so great if the entire country, 49 states,
you know, are split between Romney and Obama,
and Texas just is 100% every single vote for Gary Johnson.
Yeah, why not? It could happen.
Keep Texas weird, because all of Texas is like Austin, right?
Please, right?
Let's get to the questions.
I'm ready to help people.
I'm in like a helpful mood now.
I told people how to vote.
Now I want to tell them how to live.
We didn't actually tell them how to vote.
We just said, go do that thing.
I hate to tell you guys this, but if you're not regged yet,
you're probably in a big old heap of trouble.
Just lie to your friends and say that you did do it,
because that's probably what 80% of the youth of our nation are going to do.
I spend a lot of time working out of a coffee shop.
I'll go there, work for several hours, often getting at least one refill.
I tip well in the first cup and then normally end up paying exact change
or something close to that for the refills.
Is this an okay thing to do or should I be tipping every time,
especially considering how much time I spend there?
That's from Confused in Oh God,
the barista is right behind me reading over my shoulder.
Oh, man.
I have such good insight on this.
Yeah, because Travis has been royally screwed by people.
I think the fact that you're tipping at all makes you saint-like.
Yeah, you're way above.
This is the deciding factor on this question.
When you say coffee shop, do you mean like a Starbucks?
Or do you mean like your local tiny eight table coffee shop
on like the second floor of a building?
Because the difference is at a Starbucks,
you're not stealing real estate from someone.
If this is like a restaurant coffee shop where they do food all day
and this is the only thing they do
and you're taking up a whole table to yourself while you work
on your spreadsheets or whatever,
then you're taking business away from the coffee shop.
You should be tipping every time.
There's a cafe like that and a Starbucks like that
like a block and a half from my house.
I like to get out of the house because I work from home,
but I can't spend more than like a half hour there before I feel like
this is not my beautiful house, you know?
It's people wheezing the Wi-Fi.
It's people that use the internet and they don't have internet at home,
but they need it for like school or they need it for work
and they go and use the Wi-Fi and then tip a buck and think that that's fair.
I come here, I go to those places whenever my Wi-Fi does crap out,
which I have Grande here in Austin,
which goes out every time a bird flies over my house.
So, it's quite frequent, but I still, even under those pretenses,
it's like I feel like I am just crashing out of Bud's,
only I don't know my bud very well,
and my bud didn't really give me permission to come over.
I just sort of showed up on my bud's doorstep.
I actually just showed up inside his living room,
didn't knock or anything, walked right into my bud's place,
and kicked up my feet and wheezed his Wi-Fi juice.
I don't tip at coffee.
Do you really?
Excuse me?
Ooh, Justin.
What?
You're walking a fine fucking line.
Well, you know, I use my credit card for everything.
If there is a blank on a credit card receipt for tip,
I don't care what service you've just performed.
I don't care what you did, amputations, car repair, whatever.
If there's a tip slot, I will put a tip in there.
I don't think Starbucks isn't doing that yet.
I always feel like at Starbucks or any coffee place,
like the tip jar is like a, it seems like so unorthodox,
like they're sneaking it up until the manager gets back
and then they're going to hide it again.
I don't like that clandestine tipping.
But this is the thing.
This is why if you're at Starbucks, fuck it.
Whatever you want, get yourself a small coffee
and then sit there for eight hours.
Fucking go outside and pick up the trash can
and throw it through the window
and then fucking throw it to the ground.
But I worked in a small coffee shop here in Cincinnati
and there were only about 12 tables.
We'd have someone come and order a coffee
and literally sit there for eight hours.
They'd be there my entire shift.
And then duder like felt completely comfortable
when I walk over and like, hey, can I get you something else?
Giving me the cold shoulder and acting like I was bothering him.
Like that always bothered me.
Like, dude, you realize that like I make my money on tips.
So ground rule, just don't be a cock about it.
Like if you're going to chill at your bud's place
that you don't know very well,
you wouldn't like when he showed up and be like,
hey man, I've got to get to work.
Be like, like, can you move your car?
Oh, fuck.
And also don't fucking sit at the eight-seater by yourself
with your laptop and your single cup of coffee.
Pick the smallest table in the restaurant and sit at it.
Stay out of everyone's way
and don't like kick off your shoes and get real comfortable
because I've seen that and it's awful.
We need to do, we need to release a new like Emily Wall Post
or how to make friends and influence people.
Only it's like, if you are going to be a dick,
like how to just at least minimize the impact on your community.
How to be the least amount of dick
while still acknowledging that you are in fact going to be a dick.
Anytime you go into any place of business,
even when you're giving him your money,
you are inconveniencing him.
You are in an imposition.
Yeah.
Because what you have created,
and this is capitalism really,
is that if you go into a place,
the owner of it is never going to be there ever
because it's 2012.
So what you are doing is basically creating a situation
where you are helping a third party
who is not involved in the transaction.
They're the only one who's happy about the transaction going on.
So you're inconveniencing the person
who you're directly interacting with
because they do not,
I mean, they may in some sort of trickle down sense
benefit from the transaction, but not really.
That chain is far, far too long to see the top link of.
Yeah, you can't get there.
You do not see where the juice is being poured
so that it may trickle down to you.
And this is why the only two things
that show that directly to the person you're dealing with
are tips and commissions.
The best thing you can do-
That's the direct way that you tip a dollar
every time you get a refill.
Just think of it like a bar.
Every time you get a drink, that's a dollar, right?
And so if you get three refills,
the person had to make three trips for you,
that's $3 tip.
I don't care if your coffee only costs $3.
If you throw that person 50 cents on your $3 bill,
you're an asshole.
And hey, if you do a big tip on your first tip,
just split the tip.
Normally, that's a bad idea, but in this case, it's okay.
What if you, can we do like, give them 50?
Like give them a 50 at the top of the month
and then just sort of post on it.
You know, I tell you what,
when I worked in a hotel running room service to people,
I brought this dude like,
I think it was like two glasses of orange juice
in the morning for him and his lady
and dude tipped me like 40 bucks.
Oh, and did you go in and-
I gave him a little love.
And then the rest, but then the rest of the day,
like he called down, I'm like, yeah, what you need?
You got it.
You want all the salt packets we have?
You've got it.
Guys, I just came up with an idea.
You go to this coffee shop a lot, right?
So let's say you're going in there,
you're going in there 20 times a month,
you're getting two drinks every time,
40 drinks a month, right?
Go in there at the top of the next month
and lay a $50 tip on the bar.
Like we're talking with those tips
that they're gonna write into Reader's Digest
and tell about that time they got this enormous tip
when they really needed it.
Like you're gonna seem like
some sort of weird eccentric benefactor, right?
And then make sure everybody in the coffee shop
sees your face.
This is essential.
If you can get them to take a picture with you
or something and then never tip again,
that strategy is gonna pay for itself
in a month and a half.
Is it because in three years
when you're still going to that coffee shop-
They've had eight different turnovers
with like 20 different people.
Don't you know me?
I'm 50 Buck Billy.
You know me.
Hey, don't you know me?
I'm the guy everybody talks about.
Remember, they wrote a Christian song about me.
Like 50 Buck Billy,
you have drank literally 5,000 cups of coffee.
We are at this point talking about a 10 cent tip.
You are a joke.
You are a joke to me.
Don't let the chain of love end with you.
Just give me a free coffee.
I can't tip you right now.
I'm sorry.
Was our math good?
Nope, it's one cent tip.
Yeah, Griffin, how about a Yahoo?
That's what I need.
I'm feeling embarrassed for doing a bad math.
Your math was real close.
It was all for one decimal place.
Everybody does a bad math sometimes.
How about this?
Oh, this is Jermaine.
Thanks.
This one was sent in by Jermaine.
This one was sent in by Mitch Reeder.
Thanks, Mitch.
It's by Yahoo!
It's user Tristan who asks,
I get a boner when I drink coffee.
I'm sorry.
One more time.
I get a boner when I drink coffee.
Left the N out of drink and also coffee with one E.
So I am almost 14.
And to help me wake up each morning,
my mother does one half cup coffee plus one half really hot water
plus one packet hot chocolate mix plus whipped cream.
That sounds good.
By the time I sip it down to half a cup,
it is cool enough to guzzle.
So I do while it is actually warm.
The problem is when I guzzle it, I get a boner.
And when I do, I get really horny.
And this morning, I actually got horny.
And then it turned.
Then noticed my hard on.
I am wondering what is causing this.
I will pick a best answer.
I will pick a best answer.
Pardon.
You're 14.
You should be more perplexed that the first half of the coffee
doesn't give you a boner.
Yeah, you know, it's a better question to say.
What kind of hard lifestyle is this kid living that he's having trouble waking up in the morning
at 14?
Oh, mom's got to have my morning.
I had a late night working a graveyard shift.
Who knows?
But I think a better question is why hasn't this woman
been marketed this boner potion that she has alchemically discovered?
This is Jackie's Boner Brew.
It's locally made here in the Wisconsin area.
And actually, a local woman discovered this when she noticed that her 14-year-old son
was sailing at half mast after he drank down the second half.
Gosh, you got to guzzle it.
You got to guzzle it.
That's the trick.
It's the timing things.
If you guzzle the first half and then sip the second, you'll never have a boner again ever.
You know his mom's going to get suspicious when he's like,
yeah, thank you for making this mom.
I'm just going to let the whole cup cool off.
I really am going to just slam this down.
Could I have eight cups of it, please?
And no questions asked.
Man, if guzzling really gives this kid a chub,
he is in for a hard collegiate life.
There's a lot of that man.
Slam that beer.
No, I'd rather not.
I'd rather not.
Come on, let's make a waterfall.
You seriously don't want to watch this?
You wouldn't like me when I was guzzling.
I need a place to hang my coat.
Kyle, do a keg stand.
It's also possible that it is the combination of the caffeine and the sugar
that this kid is consuming that's making his heart just fucking race.
It's just like, oh, boner.
So if you gave this to anyone older than 14, they'd instantly die.
There's a reason for this.
The caffeine opens up your capillaries, right?
And gets the blood flowing and lets it flow downtown.
I think it's the scientifically speaking.
Those are all scientific words you used.
In your downtown area.
Yeah, your dorsal downtown.
Here's the ish.
Do we know if this kid is butt chugging?
Sorry?
Is that not in the additional details?
Let me see.
No, it doesn't say anything about gaping.
Is there any answers to this?
Is there any wisdom that will-
Someone says, you're 13.
Almost anything will give you a boner.
Good point.
If it is continues for a couple of years, then you ask for answers.
As for now, enjoy it while you have it.
That's such a fucking weird thing to say to a teenager.
You've got boners?
Don't miss out.
Solid, solid.
From the ages of 12 to 17.
When I got a boner, it was not a thing to be enjoyed.
It was a thing to like, well, fucking now this is on my plate.
Now.
That's the thing.
In that age range, you never get a boner and go, yeah, finally.
Yeah, I finally get it up.
Like, no.
You pray for the brief moments when you do not have a boner.
Oh, if only, if only I could have a brief respite.
Yeah.
You just pray the teacher doesn't call.
Rigamortis has set in.
Oh, if only God would release me from this curse.
I, I, I, I'm super creeped out by the enjoy it.
Like, what do you mean enjoy it?
Like, how do you want me to enjoy my boner?
Oh, you gotta sketch it.
You gotta go home and sketch that for the last.
It's so beautiful.
I must draw it.
Go get Greg Kinnear from as good as it gets to come by and sketch your boner as you sit
bathside.
Is this fucking guy saying, like, because in 50 years, your dick's gonna be soft like
a bowl full of jelly?
Like, what?
You get out there.
You just have all the sex you can now.
Don't worry about consequences or repercussions.
13.
How loose is Yahoo Answers, like, comment policy that somebody's not like, oh, there's
a, there's a pedophile.
Let's get him.
Better question.
Just jump back real quick to the question itself.
The kid saying that he noticed he had a boner after he was horny.
I would love to be there for that slew thing.
What is this?
What is this feeling?
I am feeling mentally aroused.
Now, if I see just so I'm clear, why did you want to be present inside his head?
I don't want to be there.
I don't want to be there for the event itself.
Travis, I'm going to call the Yahoo Cops on you.
You mean you want to being John Malkovich him so you can see through his eyes as he
is deducing this problem.
Yes.
What would happen if Starbucks started carrying this, this boner brew?
Well, people would stay there for hours and hours and hours.
Listen, the tip situation would definitely be improved.
And I, that was a double entendre.
Just enjoy your boners, everyone, while you still can.
The love of God.
When the rapture comes, all of our boners will be taken away.
That's November 6th.
Enjoy your boners, guys.
That's what carpe diem literally translates to.
Seize your dick.
Gather ye boners while you may.
I'm a recent college grad.
I've been working a robot automation technology company for the past four months.
My boss's boss is a female.
She usually wears business casual clothes.
Today, she wore a skirt and boots and vaguely reassembled a cowgirl.
I wanted to say, you look nice today, or I like your outfit.
I didn't say anything because I don't want to look like a suck up.
And I thought it might come off as creepy.
My desk is close to her office, but we typically don't interact throughout the day.
Usually, we only say hello when passing each other in the hall.
Did I make a good choice by not saying anything?
And should I keep my mouth shut, or is it okay to compliment a woman at work,
whether she is my superior or not?
And that's from Dan.
Well, the Lilly Ledbetter Act stipulates that you are not under any circumstances
allowed to talk to any female ever at work.
I think.
Yes, that is the law.
You can tell one female to pass along to another female that you like her boots.
Well, actually, you have to go through HR.
You have to file a formal compliment request.
You can formally compliment someone in your workplace.
Precisely.
But it has to sit in a folder for six months, and then it can be delivered,
by which point your hair looks great today means nothing.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm wearing sandals.
What are you talking about?
I quit this job three months ago.
Now, here's another point that we should consider.
When you said HR, I thought you said a jar.
I thought you said a jar, too.
You put it in the compliment jar.
You float it downstream, and then it buries itself in the mud till the winter thaw.
At the end of the month, someone from the human resources department comes together,
opens up the jar, everyone sits around in a circle, and he reads off nice things.
That actually sounds incredible.
Well, but the trick is you can't put any names on it.
So it's just like someone's hair looked really nice this month.
Yeah, but it would be pretty obvious, you know?
Somebody's mole is clearing up really nicely, and it'd be like, oh, well, that's Janet.
Could you guys, I mean, is that, I really don't know what's okay for men and women anymore.
I don't think, I don't, I would like to think that I like your outfit, or those are some
killer boots, as long as you enunciated.
Well, you're not like, you're not like her friend on Sex and the City or something.
You're not like, ooh, work it.
Yeah, but I mean.
Girlfriend.
But I also like to think that there's certain dates, like, I would never walk in wearing
a new sweater and someone would be like, oh, it's a great sweater, and think, well, that
is sexual harassment.
No.
Yes, but the question is, just put the compliment through this filter.
If it's the same, if you would make the same compliment to a man as you would to your boss,
I don't think the superior thing plays into it.
Oh, it definitely does.
I think it's like, oh, does it?
Okay, well, we'll have to talk about that.
But I think that if it's, if you would feel comfortable giving the same compliment to
a dude, then you're totally, then you're totally fine.
I think compliments are great.
Now, here's the question you risk.
There are two parties involved in this, right?
It's not just intent is only half the battle.
It's also knowing this person well enough to know how your compliment is going to be
absorbed.
That's the thing.
Now, this is a fair point, because there's a good chance that while it may not bother
you or, but like, oh, it's so tricky too, because here's the thing, Dan.
If there is even a moment's hesitation in your brain before you say it, it's not going
to come out smoothly and pleasantly.
No, that's the problem, right?
Hey, booting it up.
Them shoes, they're so good.
I'm going to last you like a heifer.
Hey, cowgirl, ride on them fashions.
What is it like on legs?
I'll just see myself out.
If I could borrow a box to collect my things from my desk.
If you do not know this boss, I would not make the first thing you say to them a compliment,
because if you were on the street and you saw a stranger and you're like, hey, I like
your outfit.
You kind of look like a cowgirl.
The very first thing that's going to run through their mind is like, oh, this person's
trying to stick.
This guy's trying to stick is what it's going to be.
And that is going to create some intensity on my friend.
What if you balance it with like a veiled insult followed by a compliment?
Like, usually you look bad, but today you look great.
You throw down a neg, like a pick up.
Just to balance it out.
And then you leave.
You don't wait for a response.
You leave.
And so she sits there going, I, I don't, I just don't know how I feel.
I need to promote, I need to promote this man.
Okay.
And then you put on a big, silly, you put on a big, silly hat and you maybe shave your,
your beard into like the creepiest facial hair imaginable.
Go on.
Then you, maybe you wear a big pendant.
Maybe you wear some.
And you're, you're the unpredictable guy in the office.
Mystery.
The unpredictable guy, the pick up artist.
I, now Griffin, you think, I, I think that this is, I think we have stumbled on the proper
answer here.
If you have a relationship with someone in any, no matter how casual it may be, if you
have a relationship to where you would feel comfortable saying that, then I think it's
fine.
The fact that you thought, hmm, maybe I shouldn't compliment her and maybe I should write into
that advice show and see what they think.
I think that's your, that's smart Dan telling you that, hey Dan, maybe just get back to
filing.
Maybe get back to programming Skynet.
Across the board, this is a good rule of thumb that like, if you're out in the world and
you want to compliment that cute girl across the way in the shop and you hesitate and your
brain goes, oh, I don't know.
Your brain is as smart, if not smarter than you are at any given point, you should listen
to him or her and not do this thing.
That's a problem with social interaction though.
Like this is the problem that I get into is I think I'd like to pay that person a compliment.
And this is like man, woman, whatever.
I just want to be a pleasant person in society.
I have to like think through every, it's like the ocean's 11 of social interaction.
I have to have like a plan for every, what if he only speaks Spanish?
What if she is drunk right now and I can't tell?
Like I have to have an angle of egress.
So you say like, hey, I really like your boots.
And then they turn around and there's only like a guy in a SWAT outfit standing there.
Like, did you say that like, no ma'am and you walk away and then you go and you stand
outside by the fountain and I have, I stuff a Chinese man in a box.
I sneak him into the back room and let him come out and like, he jumps out of the box,
leapfrogs over her.
She says, what?
And you yell nice boots.
And she turns around.
She's been so distracted by the Chinese man runs away.
Brad Pitt's there.
He's eating a sandwich.
Meanwhile, Casey, I was like, he's driving the getaway truck, but is he?
No, it's one of the robots you built down.
Yep.
The robot explodes.
The woman feels very good about her shoes.
Is that Rob Reiner?
Oh, he's wearing a beard.
It can't be.
It's a fake beard.
Also a fake Rob Reiner.
Also a fake Rob Reiner.
Did you see Ocean's 14?
Yeah.
It fucking sucked.
It was, it was really, really, really bad.
It was 12 minutes long.
It was really more of a short film.
I love those edits though.
Really.
I felt cool while watching it.
Yeah.
I actually don't pay someone a compliment unless I have, I do have to have my angles.
I have to have my angles of exit like on lock before I say anything to someone I don't know.
Sometimes it's the window.
So you gotta make sure you're low to the ground.
Low story.
I was at a hotel at a breakfast buffet a couple of weeks ago and I went to the,
everyone in my room was still asleep.
So I was going to get them to go box.
And I actually asked the woman if they had boxes like that.
Like as I was walking out of the dining hall, like I just wanted to, if she said no,
my trajectory was already like taking me out of the awkward situation.
I was like gone.
I just also want to jump back to how your brain works, Justin,
in that asking for her to go box is an awkward situation.
If you have to go boxes, no, and then you guys just share an awkward pull along.
Like we've known each other for nearly 30 years now.
Do you not know how this works?
If she says they don't have to go boxes, I'm an uncultured simpleton
who doesn't understand the breakfast buffet ways.
Like that's my day.
Suddenly a guy who can't do breakfast buffets, right?
She's going to look at me like a fat guy who needs to like grub out later on some Belgian waffles.
So I need to take a to go box of waffles.
Did I eat enough waffles?
That's like the whole, going to be the whole thing.
I fucked up my exit yesterday.
Oh, Friday I was, I early voted and it was at this huge empty mall.
It was like this mega voting center.
And while I was like in the booth, it was like in a row of other booths.
And as people were finishing up, like submitting their polls
and walking away, this woman was giving them my voted stickers.
And she would say, did you finish voting?
And they'd be like, yeah.
And she'd say, well, congratulations.
Do you feel great?
That's really, you should feel very proud of yourself.
Thank you for coming out and doing your duty.
And then I finished mine and she was, did you finish voting?
And I said, yep.
And she said, here you go.
And she put a sticker on me and I stopped.
I came to a dead stop and like waited for the deluge of praise for doing my civic duty.
And like it didn't come.
And the moment only lasted for maybe a second and a half.
But I felt like such a shithead because it was very, very obvious
that I was waiting for my pat on the head.
And so I just kind of had to like pivot 90 degrees,
which I did sort of like a robot and then walked out of the room, shame face.
I felt like such a piece of shit.
I wanted to get in line and vote again, but they don't let you do that.
Just in the hopes that you might get a compliment on that second pass.
You're really taking this seriously.
I just, it was so hard.
I need, I need positive reinforcement for doing basically anything now.
I hear here's positive reinforcement, financial reinforcement.
That's right.
We're financially reinforcing ourselves talking about sex toys.
It's a sad week here on my brother, my brother and me.
Sad week because this so ends as far as we know for now, at least.
This is the season ender.
This is the season finale of our Extreme Restraints promotion.
I prepared a special, a special game for you guys on this.
The final edition of our Extreme Restraints.
Extreme Restraints.com by the way is an adult superstore.
They have toys.
They have anything you could dream of.
They are essentially, they are the only game in town.
Don't fucking take your business anywhere else.
It's, it's, it's child's play.
Not that children should have access to, you know, electrode butt balls or anything, but.
Right.
So I, for this last, this last edition, I prepared a quick game where I am going to name an item
and you are going to tell me whether or not is it, whether it is by Extreme Restraints.com
or is it a product of my imagination?
Okay.
Are you ready?
Yep.
Okay.
First up, Master Series Extreme Chastity Cage.
That's definitely, I have two of those, so it's definitely real.
Yeah, that's, that's Extreme Restraints.
I know for a fact.
Slappy Master butt paddling thing.
Now, now, now you may have lost it.
It may have come off the rails when you mumbled thing at the end.
I, I just wish that somebody would, some brain trust would get together and finally name
what it is when the, the thing it is that you butt paddle with.
You know, the side paddling thing.
Ah, if only we could figure it out.
I guess we'll never know.
As imagined.
Pussy Crusher Extreme Latch.
That is not a verb that I want ever done to any pussy ever.
How'd it go last night on, on your blind date, Steve?
Crushed it.
We got together.
We went to this really charming vineyard and we crushed up pussy for pussy wine.
Do you remember that one, that one episode of I Love Lucy where she was standing in that
thing, just crushing all those pussies?
We did that.
Yeah, it was like.
We did that, but not with grapes.
With human pussies.
But not with grapes, with human pussies.
So what's your vote?
I think it's real.
I think it's real too.
No, it's fake.
I made it up.
Damn it.
I was wondering how a latch would do crushing, but go on.
The Cockrider Masturbator.
Yeah.
That's gotta be real.
Clearly.
Okay.
Now here's an interesting thing that I, I do want to mention.
They have an electric paddle on here.
It is a, it is a paddle that you spank.
You know, your, your lover, uh, and.
It can also be used for home defense, I assume.
Well, no, this is the thing.
And this is not a joke.
I have this already, but it was marketed to me as an electric fly swatter.
I am 150% sure it is exactly the same thing.
Have you not wondered why after you smack the fly, it has the bitch written out across its face?
And also the fly has also the fly has ejaculated.
Easy access neoprene restraint system.
That's real.
That's totally real.
I'm adding all of these to my Amazon wishlist.
Oh wait.
It's not on Amazon.
Gotta hit up extreme restraints.
Do you guys have extreme restraints prime?
It's like, it's like Amazon prime.
It's like Amazon prime, except instead of doing shipping faster, someone comes to your
house and fucks you with the thing that you bought.
Mm-hmm.
So here's what I want you to do, friends.
I want you to go to extremistraints.com.
I'm going to conduct this little experiment with my brothers right now.
I want you to go to extremistraints.com and I want you to look up the electric paddle.
So boys, I'm sending you a link to the electric paddle in our chat right now.
So I want you to look at this and take it in, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, you've clicked this link, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
So what we're looking at here is a, like a tennis racket, except the handle is long.
It looks like it's probably got a slot for maybe some double A's in there.
And you put that in there and then you press a button and then electricity.
Now I'm sending you a link to the amazing electric bug zapper available on Amazon.
This is precisely, this is precisely the same thing.
It is exactly the same thing.
It is so nice in this world when you can find a multitasker.
You know what I mean?
Thank God, right?
You get the, get the electric paddle, that's going to give somebody a jolt
and also use it as electric fly swatter.
Now I am sending-
Now imagine this, because imagine the humiliation, the last thing going through that fly's head,
when he's like, oh please, oh please tell me that wasn't on someone's ass.
Yeah, but that's what it was.
I am sending you guys now a link to a handheld tortilla warmer.
Okay.
Right?
Yeah.
Pretty much the same exact, we're looking at the same model.
We encourage you and my brother and my brother and me to A, buy all of Extreme Restraints products.
B, don't use the same thing that you use to electro sex your ass to heat up your taco shells.
Please.
Please.
I don't ask for much on this show.
And when you do go to ExtremeRestraints.com use the coupon code MIDDLIST
because you're going to save 20% on that electric foul.
That's going to save you enough money to buy three of these bad boys.
Guys, I know what you've been doing.
You've been waiting for Christmas, holding out.
I don't know the coupon code is going to be good much longer past this week.
I have no reason to believe-
Even after this week, it will still be good for 10%,
but it will never be good for 20% unless we continue to do more spots.
Hey, was it something we said?
Hey, Extreme Restraints.
Hey, Extreme Restraints, can we patch things up?
Like, let us know of all the bullshit because there's been so much of it.
Was what-
Was it when we mocked the sex flash slammy?
We didn't realize it was so close to your hearts.
Do you guys want Yahoo?
Absolutely.
More than I want my next breath, pretty much.
This Yahoo answer was sent in by Caleb Osteen.
Thank you, Caleb.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gail A who asks,
What's a good pet name for an uncle?
What's the role or title in other languages?
Slangs?
Is there a difference whether your uncle is from your dad's side or your mom's side?
Include things like when kinders and kids-
When kinders and kids mess up the pronunciation and it comes out like,
My anki.
Got a fave pet name for your fave uncle?
I hate this so much.
Do you guys know my favorite pet name for one of our uncles?
What's that?
Mark.
Dave.
Dave.
Adult Dave.
Chris.
Like, how do you- that person-
Grown ass man, Mark.
Grown ass Dr. Mark Wahlberg.
Like, why- he's a fucking-
Listen, uncle.
Uncle Felipe, I've been wanting you to be my uncle for a long time.
You and me get closer.
So I came up with a pet name for you.
You're kind of chunky, so I'm going to start calling you my chunkle.
You're my chunkle now.
Have you ever noticed that you have a body odor problem?
From now on, you're my stunkle.
Stunkle's not bad.
You're my funkle.
I used to live with a guy named Jacob Dunkle.
And his- the very name of which apparently makes Travis laugh.
It does.
I love Dunkle.
I saw Dunkle come out of the Argo.
Oh yeah?
Did he like it?
Yesterday I was going to-
What was the Dunkle- how many Dunkle-
How many Dunkle stars did he give it?
He didn't give any.
He did say that you need to respond to his Facebook messages.
Because he said you kind of left him hanging on a few of those.
Oh man, he said it like four months ago.
You need to get back with Dunkle.
Dunkle, I'm sorry if you're listening.
If you're listening and you probably aren't-
He keeps up.
He told me he listens.
Yeah.
So now you have no excuse.
Anyway, he has to like enjoy things and then say that they were a slammed dunkle, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Definitely, definitely.
But he- I can't remember if this actually happened or if we just wanted it to happen.
Like for him to have a sibling that had a child and then he would be Funky Uncle Dunkle
or Funky Unky Dunky or any combination of those three things.
Funky Unky Dunky.
Oh god.
My Uncle Nemo we lovingly call Unk.
He makes it sound like a caveman.
I like that too.
He is a Cro-Magnon.
Hey, did you- So who's bringing what for Thanksgiving?
Well, I'm bringing the Pecan Sandies and is anybody bringing cranberry?
Oh yeah, we assigned that to-
Hey everybody, Unk's here.
Sorry, just stepped on a duck.
Just so I could double check in your fiction,
did someone buy a package from Nabisco Pecan Sandies
and thinks that's a sufficient Thanksgiving offering?
That's how he's set with Asai.
And what's Steve bringing?
He's bringing Pecan Sandies again.
I think if someone's gonna bring Pecan Sandies, it's gonna be Unk
because he does not sound like somebody who is graced with color yet.
He's just gonna pull one out of the back of his van
where he just has stacks and stacks of packages of Pecan Sandies
that he bought when the Piggly Wiggly down the street was going out of business.
Just so I'm clear, is Unk actually Encino Man?
If Unk is toilet- if Unk is toilet trained,
then we are all like one step ahead of the game.
To be fair, Unk is not really related to either my mother or my father.
He's more of a friend of the family, by which I mean a bear.
Okay.
This has been the greatest Thanksgiving of my life,
except for when that bear tore my arm off.
But God, I love my Unk.
You mean Unk?
I'm not gonna talk bad about Unk under my roof.
Unk is the same.
He's the only thing that got me through 9-11.
How old is this bear?
He's an old-ass bear.
Bears only lived at like age seven.
We all know this to be true.
This is Unk Jr.
Excuse me, Unk Jr.
Son of Unk.
His forearms are just as powerful as the original Unk, make no mistake.
His large claws have torn all our tapestries, but we love him very much.
But they've also torn down the emotional walls that was keeping my family apart.
You know, we went three Christmas sets without speaking until Unk showed up.
They say a bear's strength has no limits,
and we finally put that to the test when we used him to rebuild our home,
and by which we mean our love.
He was strong enough to hold his family together.
You lay off Unk.
Every year at Thanksgiving, he brings honey, and we love him for that.
And he always pushes it forward a little shyly, as if to say,
this is all I could do, and goddammit, you've done enough.
He and his son always talk about how they like to wipe their ass with really soft paper.
I hate it.
I hate it.
You know what?
He missed my wedding because he got captured and sent to the zoo,
but I wasn't angry at him.
How could I say angry at him?
I would love, I would straight up love the next time I see him.
I would straight up love the next time we see like our grown ass man,
Uncle Dave, our dad's older brother, to just be like, hello, Unky,
and then just see if I can like just get past it
without it being a thing that he stops me on and goes,
whoa, what the fuck was that?
Oh, you'll be able to tell if Travis ever does that at our house when I'm in the room
because you'll see me throwing myself through a plate glass window and running down the street.
You will turn to talk to Justin, only he will be a Justin shaped cloud of dust.
Got too weird, had to dip.
Please don't.
Just a tiny Asian man here.
Please don't.
What the fuck?
I want to tell you guys, we're talking about talking about awkward conversations
and I wanted to share with you guys my brother,
my brother and me awkward conversation that I had this past week.
I ran into an older lady who is tangentially, I think, familiar with what we do.
She actually said, do you still do your internet radio comedy?
And I said, gathering what she said from those context clues, I said, yes.
That's like calling pizza, like, do you still eat bread cheese sauce?
Yes, I do.
Yes.
And then she told me that a mutual friend is going to be touring with Landau Murphy,
West Virginia native and America's Got Talent winner, Landau Murphy.
And then asked if we should not inquire to see
if maybe we would make a good opening act for Landau Murphy.
She said, does your audience crossover with Landau Murphy?
Almost definitely.
Almost definitely.
I think so definitely.
In fact, we've already been in talks with his people and our people.
The specific blend of uncomfortable I looked when Sidney came over and found me.
Just curled in a ball on the ground crying.
She knew, she said, somebody asked you if you share a demographic with Landau Murphy again.
Do you have some sort of life alert system set up with your wife where like,
if someone comes over and is like, hey, I used to go to church with you,
what kind of comedy do you do that you can press that button
and she would kick in the door like a Secret Service agent?
It's wife alert.
It's help, help I'm awkward and I can't walk away.
I just like collapse into a protoplasmic heap on the ground.
Just push the button.
I have fake seizures before and I'm not above it.
Do you ever wish that you would get like famous enough
that you could just do that kind of thing and get away with it?
Like, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, no, that it's fine.
Cannot.
Because you can.
Cannot.
That's how that guy came up with Borat.
Somebody came up to him, he's like, hey, I heard that your comedy show's still
doing pretty good, what do you guys talk about?
Then he's like, very nice, how much?
Borat, goodbye.
Then he walks away.
Kazakhstan, and then he sprints out of there.
I want to actually try that.
You're going to do a Borat impression to try to end a conversation?
Because I can totally see that working.
Yeah, I think that's a time-tested method.
How about another question where we answer it?
That sounds good.
How novel.
I recently joined a dating site and met someone.
We went out for a couple of weeks, but ultimately she decided we'd split and be friends, and I agreed.
Yeah, probably, that's probably the best.
Still fighting it in court.
Yeah, now she seemingly regrets the decision and why I still think being friends is the right choice.
However, I have about two months left on my paid subscription to the dating site,
but I don't want her to think me heartless if I start using it again.
I genuinely like this person and don't want to hurt her feelings.
Should I use the dating site or am I being a jerk?
Yes, you should use it.
I'm from semi-single in Cincinnati.
Yes, you should use the dating site.
Of course you do.
You paid money for it.
And you owe this person nothing.
You met them on a dating site and went on, what, like five or six dates and it didn't pan out.
You weren't married to the person, you didn't get divorced, it didn't pan out.
Yes, you should keep using the dating site.
How is she going to know that you, it's not like if you use a dating site,
it's not like fucking Facebook where it's like, Ralph poked this girl,
but literally in real life poked her with his donger.
Did you hear this, Susan?
Susan, you see this?
He's moved on.
He's moved on.
You have two moved on requests.
You know what, in fact, that might just be a really awesome website.
If it was like, hey, tough love, we're going to help you get over this person,
you're still pining over by updating every time they get in.
Well, that is actually Facebook.
Facebook actually, what's great about Facebook is when you, you know,
when you date someone, you are an active participant in their social media landscape.
And even after you break up with them, Facebook doesn't,
Facebook's like, but I thought you guys were forever.
And Facebook will like show you like, you know, your ex-
Wait, who's this new girl he's with?
Your ex checked in.
Your ex checked in at Uno's Pizzeria.
Like, great, great.
Thank you.
I'm glad she's, can you let me know?
Like, give me some sort of pizza review from my ex?
Cause that would be fantastic too.
She ate a whole pizza by herself.
You made the right call.
Yeah.
She's kind of freaking us out right now.
She's been to Uno's three times a day for the last week.
She's the mayor of Uno's.
Thanks, Facebook.
That's not a four square distinction.
They had a vote.
She was democratically elected the mayor of Uno's.
She's the deciding vote for the Uno City Council.
Yeah.
You just, it's so, those dating sites like thrive on anonymity.
You could fuck everyone, everyone on the dating site,
dudes and ladies all together.
And none of them would know about any of the other people.
Congrats.
It's basically just a big, it's basically eyes wide.
Shut up that bitch.
Like you, you know,
I mean, okay, translate it, translate it to like a much bigger like question.
This is like saying I dated a girl in a town that I lived in.
It didn't work out.
Now I can't ever date in that town again.
Cause I'm afraid she'll find out and think I'm heartless.
She could ostensibly cause she could meet somebody else in the town on like match.com.
It's a fucking, it's a, it's a masquerade fuck fiesta.
No one's ever going to know.
No one is, that's their tagline.
That's actually, that's their tagline, masquerade fuck fiesta.
Masquerade fuck fiesta.
No one has to know.
No one will know.
Get your dick wet and wet and wet and wet.
Quietly, quietly wet.
It's like you're some sort of ninja fuck assassin.
Nobody is ever going to hear you.
You are like the wind.
You will come in, fuck and be a ghost.
Fuck like the wind.
Fuck like a ghost here at match.com.
I met my wife on match.com, but before that I ghost fucked 38 women.
I ghost fucked 38 women in the same month I met my wife.
I'm so happy.
Good luck getting that on a business card.
That's a hell of a tagline.
I don't think they could fit all of it.
The words you said.
It's all abbreviated.
It's an acronym.
It's the best job I ever had.
Just love bringing people together and then hiding one of the people.
It's like the underground railroad of hookups.
You're helping people out of relationships secretly under the cover of night
and bringing them to a safe relationship where they can be free.
Welcome to our wildlife preserve where we keep people that just got out of a relationship
till they are strong enough to provide for themselves.
Please no pictures.
They all fuck, but you don't need to know about it and they don't need to know about it.
When you're on an online dating site, you're fucking people.
And even you don't know about it.
Calm down.
Get off it.
Get off the smut, everyone.
Hey, everybody.
Can we get off the smut?
If you're going to use a dating site, use OKCupid because it's free
and that brings all the nasties out.
You guys know about that weird divide, right?
A match you have to pay for.
And so people there are like, I'm looking for someone who can be my significant other.
And then OKCupid is like, I want someone that will let me poop on them and possibly.
I think that that has always been implicit to me in the name.
OKCupid's like, all right, OK.
I want to poop on these sunglasses and then have you put them on.
OKCupid, whatever you say.
Let's see what's up, I guess.
Match.com is like, hey, let's use science to make sure that you find your soulmate.
OKCupid is like, hey, you like scat?
Hey, I'm not talking about fast talking like Jason Mraz.
Although Jason Mraz is into it.
Here's his profile.
Have you dreamed about pooping on Jason Mraz?
You won't see that shit on match.com.
You will literally see that shit thanks to our special shit spectrum.
You're going to see you're 99% friend, but 2% shit buds.
That's 101% friends.
You say you always want to date Billy Zane.
He's not on here, but we have a bald guy that will leer at you.
He calls himself the Phantom.
How's that?
How's that work?
OKCupid, you're the boss.
Thank you for listening to our comedy podcast, my brother and my brother and me.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself and enjoyed your time here.
That's our main goal.
Thank you to the people tweeting about the show using the MBMBAM hashtag.
Merch, not Paris Simonius, Josh Moore, Iggy K, Michael J. Foyce, Rawby Juan, Tiberius Silver,
BC Evans, DCBY11, OldKinderhook, Krista Whalen, LadyLindas.
Of course, everybody who tweets about us, we really, really appreciate it.
Thank you.
If you want to tweet out our sampler, it's bit.ly forward slash itsmabimbam.
And that takes you to our YouTube.
You can find a lot of other clips there, MBMBAM minis.
Two calls to action.
One, if you have a special personal message you want right on the show or a commercial message,
you can scratch those itches at maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
You want a birthday shout out for like-
Birthday shout out, romance shout out, biz shout out.
That is the place that you go to do it.
Other thing, our email is MBMBAM at maximumfun.org.
Send in your questions.
Also send in your Yahoo answers that you find.
There was hardly any this week.
And I understand that there was some power outages in certain parts of the country.
But really, that's no excuse.
Speaking of which, we here at My Brother, My Brother and Me would ask that you take a moment,
take a few seconds, go to redcross.org.
Maybe give to some of those people that are still without, still struggling,
still need a food, water, shelter, what have you.
Go and make a difference.
And if someone could confirm for me,
I saw pictures yesterday of fire-powered cell phone chargers being used in New York.
If someone could confirm for me whether or not those are real.
That's neat.
I want it to be real so very badly.
Do you guys think you would thrive in that sort of environment?
Yeah, yeah, totally.
I think that it would be far too easy for me to go full native.
I think you would go full blown like,
Travis, did you make leather armor?
Yep, I did.
Sometimes we goof on Travis.
Sometimes there is literally no human being I would more want
going out and foraging and protecting my village than Travis.
Travis would flourish in that environment.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the Use Our Theme song.
You want to do that again, but I won't mumble so much.
Yeah.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the Use Our Theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed, which now bookends the show.
You know what?
There's a lot of logic behind that.
It volts up nicely, but it also descends nicely.
You know what I mean?
And it's like, I don't want to bring the show to a dead stop.
I want there to be some descending action.
And that is exactly what the song brings.
So thank you, John Roderick and the Long Winters, very much.
I also want to shout out, check out on Twitter, Make Sharp Stuff.
We retweeted the link, but they are putting out a book and they asked us to contribute on it.
So if you want to check out a little excerpt of the thing we wrote, it's on there.
It's called On the Mayan Apocalypse and Endless Shrimp.
Also, in all seriousness, you guys, on the 6th, get out and vote.
If you're registered, get out there.
Do it.
Seriously, for Obama, for real, though.
Yeah, preferably for Obama.
Definitely, definitely want to send me out a B-Day prez.
That's just P.O. Box, 5400-2576.
I mean, just get that out there.
By which it means a birthday president.
Yeah, and do send it on the 6th, because if it gets here before,
again, we'll throw it in the trash.
Definitely needs to arrive on the 8th.
I was just kidding about if you want to vote for Rami, I guess that's okay.
Just don't tell us about it.
Yeah.
And hey, if you're a Max Fund donor,
you can vote for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, for all I care.
I can't pronounce the gentleman's name, but, you know.
Was that scat?
I'm a scat, man.
You can vote for Jason Mraz if you want.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Hey, everybody, come on and listen in close.
It's listen to me, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Scatman time.
It gets funnier every time you do this.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
You know, I fucking stayed at the same hotel.
Last time I was in New York, I stayed at the same hotel as Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
It's true.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
I was at the Warwick, and that's where Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stayed.
I'm sorry about his name.
I feel bad every time.
It's not coming from a place of racism.
It's coming from the fact that Justin doesn't know how many fucking syllables are in this dude's name.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
I'm so certain there are no Bs.
But he keeps sneaking in different syllables every time.
That's my favorite.
Did you guys know that Scatman died of throat cancer?
Hey, let's bring it down for a minute, you guys.
What crueller fate could there be than to take his own instrument, you know, to claim him?
His final words were,
I see Jesus.
Travis, did you know that Scatman John used scatting to, oh, and like mouse scat.
Did you know that he used it to overcome a stutter?
That's amazing, Justin.
Are you, do you have like a Scat Facts website pulled up?
No, like I know that about him.
Okay.
I know that about Scatman.
Now, when you are Scatman John, does that mean that there are different Scatmen,
and you get the title and it's like an honorary thing?
It's like Doctor Who.
Yeah, it's basically, I'm the Dread Pirate Scatman John.
When Scatman dies, he regenerates into a new Scatman played by a new actor.
Okay, listen, we were trying to end the show.
We've given people enough funny.
They have their fill.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Michael Allen.
Thank you, Michael.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ali Suleiman, who asks,
Can you send me some free Yu-Gi-Oh cards?
