The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Live from Coachella, it's Hologram. My brother, my brother, and me, we're made of light 2012.
That's the name of the tour, but also we are holograms. Hello everyone, beep boop bop boop.
Beep. I've secretly been a hologram this entire time. You are made of light,
and as a result, you know Tupac. Yeah, me and Tupac hang out. We were both made of light and ghost
magic, and we both performed at the Coachella stage, but you couldn't see me very well because
my light wasn't turned on very bright. Oh, that sucks. If you look really closely at the videos,
you can see me in the back, and I am just viciously sea walking. The problem that hologram Tupac ran
into is he was out of time reversal cubes. That is a joke about the- That is a time traveler goof
that like- Literally two people, and they're both on this show with you. But it's a hologram game,
you see. Yeah. Yeah, I got that. My boy Rick Dyer, creator of Time Traveler the Hologram Game.
Maybe let's try new goofs. Am I the only person that when I hear Coachella, I always just assume
it's an Italian liquor? You are the only person that sees that. I'm the only person that does
that? I think most of us are like in the loop on Coachella, right? I don't know what Coachella is.
I did not know this until a couple days ago, my roommate pointed it out. So Coachella, right,
they had the weekend lineup, which for two weekends ago, and then they brought that same
exact lineup back, the same exact schedule for this past weekend. What? They did two weekends
of identical Coachellas. Why? I guess it's so big that they can't fit it all in one Coachella.
But do you think that like, imagine being a musical act, it's like, all right, let's do this
whole same thing again. And also imagine like you're high on Coke weed, and you're like, what's
happening? Is Tupac back again? Yeah. Saw this already on YouTube. Thanks, though. I want you
guys to know that before I knew that there was a hologram angle to the story, and I just read
like the article headline, Tupac performs at Coachella. Yeah, I lost my mind. Sure. I was like,
I knew it. I've known all along. I knew it. Second performance. Check this out. Second
performance. Hologram Tupac. Everyone's like, Yonzo. And then who's that? Hologram B.I.G.
What are they doing? Laser tag. They're shooting hologram lasers from their fingers
and fighting each other. They hologram, but hologram Tupac gets shot. He gets derezzed,
right? And then what happens? Yeah, he gets shot by hologram Biggie.
15 years from now. What's up? Hologram of Tupac's hologram. Hologram hologram Tupac.
Machiavelli rise again. 9-11 was a hoax. That was a Tupac thing, right? He was in the spare change.
Why do you have to? Was that a Tupac thing? I can't. I don't recall if that was a Tupac. How
could that possibly be related to Tupac? I feel like he was he was 9-11 his numbers and so is two
and two is in Tupac. Tupac. I do. I do enjoy his music. I do not enjoy his holograms. This is
my brother, my brother, me and advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle brother, hologram Travis McElroy. I'm your baby brother,
holo Biggie. I'm also Griffin McElroy. And I'm Jim. It's a shame that Jim didn't come out because
it seems like once you have Tupac, hologram Tupac, that you're missing opportunity if you
don't have Jim and the holograms also performing. You could have hologram Jim Belushi out there
all day long and no one would watch him. Wouldn't that be a fart in the face if you were still
alive and instead they went with the hologram thing and they're like, no, we don't need the
real person. We'll just do a hologram Travis. Also, wouldn't that be crazy if people went to
see Jim Belushi on a stage, hologram or no. In any context basically. Are you going to see the
Belushi tonight? Sold out Madison Square Garden in this bathroom. The bathroom, the first floor
bathroom, men's bathroom, Madison MSG. He's playing there. It's a 10 seater. With himself.
I miss Jim Belushi. I wish I wished. What's he doing now? Is he still according to Jim?
He's programming the Tupac hologram. This is my greatest creation. I thought it was the pilot
script which I had a consulting credit on of according to Jim, but no. No, it's this. It's
hologram Tupac. If I die, if I ever do die. That is not my plan, but if God ever finally gets the
better of me. Will you guys promise to never make a hologram of me? I can't do that. It just seems
don't because they were making him say stuff. He never said. He said like, what's up Coachella?
Which wasn't invented until like three years after I died. I love PBR. Yeah. How you doing?
Wait, so wait, I did not. I did not see this video. Is it? Was it sort of like a was it like
a Pirates of the Caribbean vibe where it was like hologram animatronic Tupac? Is that is that the
score? No, he was just doing lines from Pirates of the Caribbean. Why would it need to be two?
Why would you need to be hologram and a puppet? Because they're making him say stuff you said.
He was saying stuff he never said, which the magic for that. I do not know how that I guess.
Maybe they got maybe DMX. He kind of sounds like Tupac. He's got that gravelly voice.
That's right. That's right. No, he's got a gravelly Tupac like voice. Maybe they brought him up
because he's not doing much of anything nowadays. Right. He's not really the hit maker that he used
to be. But don't make me don't bring me back to life in a hollow form and then make me say shit
that I wouldn't have said IRL. What if what if we can promise to stay really true to the
Griffin McElroy character? Mm hmm. That would be great. Just talk about like,
yo, can't wait to go to Walgreens and get some on sale Easter candy. That is totally,
I wish I wish Disney would release bug juice on DVD. Now we're just reading my tweets.
So as you've probably guessed, this is an advice show for the modern era. As as as important as
hologram Tupac is, maybe we should get to the advice. Hey, brothers, just so you know,
I took your advice and moved in with my wife and we're engaged. We got married on February 29th.
Yes, leap year. No, she does not poop in the shower. And finally, I have a question about
our anniversary. Should I do something small every year on February 28th and do something
a bit bigger every leap year? Or should I wait till leap year and do something freaking huge
four years worth combined to one? That's from leaping into it. Jesus. Yikes. You got you can't
save it up like that. Like the expectation every four years, you would have to, like,
turn your body into like stars and then shoot into the heavens on a psychedelic trip into space.
I like that. I have some bad news. So far, you're not good at marrying marriage. You messed up
basically the first thing. Yeah, that you can't don't get married on imaginary days. Yeah,
they when do you have your anniversary? It's crazy. I'm sure it seemed not. I did not need
it. Did it sneak up on you? Were you like, we'll just do it this Sunday. And it turned out to be
February 29th. Like, were you that casual about it? Maybe he was trying to make a goof. He's trying
to, you know, sneak his way out of it. He says, Yeah, we can get married on February 29th. If
such a day were to even exist on December 32nd, she caught you. She caught you. You got to just
do something February. Effectively, your your anniversary is February 29th. But you can,
you should absolutely observe it February 28th. Now here's a good thing. February 29th should is
technically also, I mean, it's more accurately March 1st. So if you forget on February 28th,
you got like a built in cushion. Well, I like to observe it on March 1st. That'll work. That'll work
once. I I feel like my anniversary is one of the things that I'm it's one of those like as you get
older, I think the novelty of birthdays and it kind of wears off because it's like, oops, gonna
die. But I think with my anniversary, that's one of the few that I actually feel pretty proud of
because it's like, Hey, world, nice try this world of a fragile marriages and Kardashians. I'm still
I'm still saying that we did we did it again. Sorry, world. But and here's the other thing
leaping into it not to tear you down. But it's also one of the few you actually get to pick
the day of. You don't get to pick your birthday. Don't get to pick Christmas. You can schedule
your anniversary ahead of time. Well, no, you can't. But yeah, you can say I think our anniversary
should be in June. Let's get married in June. That's not how that works. I think it is. I'm
almost certain when you get married. Justin, when you and Sydney decided on July 1st when you
dedicated your lives to each other, that beautiful, beautiful Friday afternoon. I think is a Saturday.
Did you think like, oh, man, this is gonna be a totally killer day for for all all future years
to come? No, I thought this will be easy to remember. It is because I can do it. And I'm
yeah, I am not involved in the arrangement at all. Not in the slightest. It's actually the very first
day of the second half of the year. So yeah, you take it off with a bang. Take it off the second
kick it off three Q3 this fiscal quarter of marriage. We're rocking into it with in a big way
year over year. We are looking at huge dividends by which I mean, I guess like sex stuff. I just
made myself uncomfortable. I prefer you. We not discuss this. We don't have if you my younger
brother Griffin, though he is not married, he has a he had he is very adept apparently at marriage
because if he could not be right more correct that if you try to combine four years of anniversaries
into one, someday your fiance will remember February 28 as the day Ricky threw himself out
the plate glass window because you're never you're never going to be able to handle that.
You can do maybe one of those be like, hey, I rented out all of Australia. Let's go crazy.
Right. You can't do that twice. It'll kill you. You'll die. I taught our baby to sing or something
tar baby to dance and he sings your favorite song and he wrote it. So the baby wrote your favorite
song and he's three months old. This is our anniversary. Yeah, but I also want to picture
the conversation on the off years where you're like, not this year, baby. No, man, I got something
cooking. I've been down in the lab all week. This is only year one of the four year cycle.
You got three more years of anticipation. Can we fucking just like go to Ponderosa, though?
Can we just like go to Ponderosa? No, no, no. I gotta stay in the lab. I'm gonna sleep straight
through the day. You have to make sure that I don't do anything nice for you. If you can't,
if your wife asks you to take her to Ponderosa and you say no, you don't have a good reason for
that. I guarantee you. But here's the thing. If your wife is asking you to take her to Ponderosa,
you've already set a troubling precedent in your relationship at some point.
You got bigger questions to answer. Yeah, you got bigger questions than exactly how much pudding
can I eat? Yeah. Where can I find an open Ponderosa? What is your driest steak? Give me
your very driest meatloaf. Can you carve a rib off of that giant piece of beef for me?
That actually sounds great. It's our special day.
Honey, I hit a ring inside of your ribs. Your literal ribs. Get it out. Saw six.
This year. All right, this is plenty. Griffin, that's plenty of help. Just don't do that dumb
thing you said that you probably know is dumb. Yeah, you do something every year on the 28th.
Do something every year on the 28th. And couple it with an apology every time.
I got you this and also I'm sorry that we did it on the 29th.
Here's a related question. This one was sent in by Steve Lewis. Thank you, Steve.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Mary Mary X 3 0 who asks. How do I improve my scorpions?
My scorpions are OK, but not the best. How do I improve them? I've been struggling with them
for months. That's it. That's so important. That's the context. Best at what? By the way,
when I said that it was related, I meant. Completely diametrically best in what?
In what capacity? OK, well with scorpions, you have four basic criteria for for judging their
quality. It's there for danger zones, right? Yeah, the four danger zones you've got to worry about
one exoskeleton. Yes, two. What kind of chitin is he working with? Yeah, how do we improve it?
How's your chitin? Is he getting enough vitamin D? That's huge for chitin D is. I say I've always
said what's your what's that motto you always tell people and you have it cross stitched up on
the hanging up there in the den above the fireplace. What is it? It's about. It's it's you gotta have D
if you want. If you don't, if you. Don't shed your don't shed your skin. Don't shed that chitin put.
Yeah, it took it took our mom weeks to stitch exactly that, but Griffin.
And she was not a swearing woman. She did not enjoy swearing, but I would. Griffin was very
specific so armor armor. That's number one. Second, of course, claws. Does it look like a little crab?
Do I know if scorpions have claws? How are the pincers? How are the pincers number three? Obviously
pointy tail. What's in there? Who knows? Caramel poison. I hope I injected some caramel into all
your treats. I'm the best scorpion ever. And then what's the 4th one heat coming off the genitals?
How is how is its genital heat? Also, can you find my scorpions genitals for me?
Also, can I make a 1980s movies called Genital Heat? I've been over this motherfuckers thorax
with a fine tooth comb. No genitals to be found. And also for your scorpion. A big thing is
is how hard did it nail the solo in Rocky like a Hurricane? Because that's vital. That's huge.
For scorpion. Is it possible that this person is actually saying how do I make my band the 1980s
band scorpion better? I bought them from some kind of closeout sale. Got them at Ollie's at the
Grandview weekend outlet on bargain. They just don't have the luster they once did.
Well, that's guaranteed. I one time I thought I stepped on a scorpion. That's a real thing I have
to deal with down here in Texas. In rural areas there there just are scorpions and I have to deal
with the reality that the scorpions are. That's terrifying. For me, like scorpions might as well
be dragons. Yeah, you know, because you never you've never seen one or because they are just
doom bringers there. Well, they're that far from my sphere of reality. Like, yeah, like,
what would you do if you walked out of your front lawn and there was one there right now?
I would. I mean, I don't know what I would. I mean, the reality is so far from I would sooner.
I would be less confused if I saw a naked blonde woman standing in a pile of ashes with three
scorpions crawling on her and talking about how she's going to to lead the Dothraki armies. Like
that was that would be the context in which scorpions would be acceptable. If I just saw one
in like my day to day, I would probably assume that it was the matrix like that that Morpheus
was fucking with me. Oh, something's gone wrong in the in the programming. A hiccup in the
programming. Justin saw a scorpion. So it was wearing a tiny top hat. You would improve this
man's scorpions by making them invisible and also in space. If you see a scorpion in your house,
yeah, your very next stop is a is like a is an open house. Century 21. Yes. Pardon me. I this
is a lovely open house. Thank you for having me. I'll take it. Here's my I cannot sell my old house
because the scorpion lives there now. It's his now. It is now. I'm going to try to charge him taxes
on the sale, but I don't know how the scorpions die. Money. Can we can we improve the the mass
marketability of these scorpions? You guys are missing the obvious answer. What's that, Travis?
Steroids. Travis, I don't think that. Wait, you're running away from me because you want to make
these scorpions like super beefy. I don't know that they have beef. Right. I don't know that
they have beef to to in beefing. You know, I think it's just just. Well, not yet. You got you got to
get him on a regime. It's all chitin and on a regimen. It's chitin and just hate in there.
Maybe you could paint paint paint their shells like hermit crabs. OK, now see, I like that.
Paint the scorpion for human for kids for kids. This is what I'm talking about. Can we make
scorpions the new Furbies? Of course, just a tiny cork on on their stingers. OK, that would be
adorable as though and rubber bands on their claws. Did we talk about the claws? Is that been
verified? That's just that just kind of looks like a scorpion who's into like weird bondage,
which I can't imagine a more terrifying thing. Why do I have? I think scorpions are so hateful
that if you cork their tails and rubber banded their claws that they'd like learn to bite or
learn how to grow things, how to use a gun or just become really spiteful, use their words to hurt
you. Looking fat today, J-Man. Hair's looking a little thin. Not as young as it used to be, J-Man.
So he turns into Beetlejuice. It reminds me of that. It's an old parable. It's an old story of
the frog and the scorpion and the frog gives the scorpion a ride across the river and halfway
across the scorpion starts calling him. I don't know, like fat and stupid and stuff. And the
frog starts crying. It's like, why are you such an asshole? It's in my nature. Yeah. Yeah. And then
he's. But then does he sting him? No, because he's got a tiny cork on his tail. Oh, that's right.
He just batters him with the cork like that. Oh, my eye. Oh, this is my new line of frog
safe scorpions. Each one is $20. Who is the first to buy? Can you imagine a frog with a scorpion
on its back? And the frog is also full of hate. And then like you get that, you get that lethality
of a scorpion with the mobility of a frog. Well, we're done. And the frog is secreting some sort
of hallucinogen. So the scorpion is just freaked out. And also the frog has a really high credit
score. So he's able to like get a house. Why would that be? Why would the scorpion knows the
scorpion knows American Sign Language so we can talk to deaf people? And one of them is played
by Ray Romano. Oh, my God. The frog is Ray Romano. Oh, OK. Oh, and the scorpions played by Tim Allen.
We've got a hit. Listen, this is not the least productive meeting we've had about Madagascar
for yet. And I think I need to go back to the drawing board and really see where we went
astray. I have a theory that it's when we introduce scorpions. Yeah, they ruin everything, including
our Madagascar for production meetings. I'm reading more of this Yahoo answer,
and I think that a scorpion is a yoga position. Oh, moving on.
None of this. None of that was helpful to the person. You don't know. You don't know. You
throw out of the wall. You see what sticks. They might have found something. And here's what it
takes. Scorpions. Their feet are like needles. Yeah. Hey, brothers, there's someone someone
really into yoga that's been screaming at their iPod for five minutes. You dumb motherfuckers.
Hey, brothers, I got out of a two year long relationship in February and I got over her
very quickly, a la the recovery sandwich. Problem is, I'm finding it hard to ease into a relationship
or casual dating. I dove in and started dating another girl. It didn't work out and I got out.
Now I'm seeing another girl, but we went from meeting three weeks ago. She's spending three
or four nights a week at my place in that short and sweet time. What advice do you have for pumping
the brakes to ease into this relationship? That's from Love a Lanch in Louisville. Oh, gosh, this is
this is thorny because here's the thing. It may be maybe it's real. And if that's the case,
then there's nothing there's nothing wrong. But I think the fact that you are asking how
to pump the brakes means that it is moving a little too fast for you. You know, and I see it
a lot and I don't know if we've talked about it before, but when you leave, whatever circumstances
and a long term relationship, there's this just minefield of immediately wanting to get back to
that level of comfort. And it's unavoidable. You're going to do that when you get out of
a relationship and you never really casually dated. Like, yeah, it's the reason that you see.
It's the reason you see rebound so quickly, you know, so often is because it's that it's a weird
kind of it's a weird kind of rebound because it's not like it's not like you're just like
swinging through bars trying to get trim, you know, you're you're trying to find a new replacement
for that, you know, that long term girlfriend. I bet you see this rebound more often than you
see the swinging through bars rebound. Yeah. You may try that for like two days for a weekend.
So my only worry with with rushing this is and I'm not like typically I'm I'm I'm sort of a go
for it kind of guy. I think, you know, whatever, you only go around once and who knows how much
time we have. So just go for it. But I do think that you're going to burn through a lot of good
stuff by moving this too quickly. I mean, there's a lot of getting to know you type stuff that you
lose. I think once you are not lose, but you can miss out on if you rush right into like we're
living together, which is where you are careening towards now. Now, I hate to interrupt Justin, but
it also might be possible. I know it also might be possible that it's just your M.O. because I
know that I am a fast moving person in relationships. So it had nothing to do with,
you know, any kind of past relationship I was getting out of. Just I met my girlfriend,
we hit it off very quickly and we were living together like three months later.
Yeah. You know, three months is a far cry from three weeks. I agree. I agree. But they're not
living together. Yeah. They're just spending three or four nights a week. They met three weeks ago.
I mean, I don't think there's anything if you didn't send in this question to us to ask us
what you should do, then there would be no problem with good point. Like if you if you think like
it, my advice, the best thing I can offer you is to wonder if you are worried things are moving too
fast because like society or your friends say that, or if you're legitimately worried things.
It's not that it's that you've got to have it. It's it's a reasonable level of doubt.
When you get out of a long term relationship, everything in your body tells you, OK,
let's take some time off. Let's just do some quiet reflection because that's the best thing
you can do after a long term relationship is do do like a fucking long debriefing and just like
figure out what went wrong, what qualities in that person drove you away from them and what
qualities in yourself you can improve to make yourself better for the next person and do all
that stuff. And it's hard to do all that stuff when you are like in another beginnings of a long term
relationship that completely discounts the the possibility that you just meet someone really
important. And like, are we going to keep him at arm's length because you got to get your shit
worked out? Well, see, that's why I think like it's really hard to be this kind of self self
reflective. But you got to look at it and say, like, is is any of this forced or was there just
a supernatural, you know, super automatic connection with this person? And I'm worrying
about it too much. Yeah, I think that that's the import. I think that that's the key thing
is just to know thyself. I know. Know why you are doing this and try to, like, take a really sort of
practical look at your own state of being and see why you are moving it so fast,
because if it if it's moving that fast and you don't feel in control, that's a problem because
that's your self conscious trying to push you back into a long term relationship.
As far as pumping the brakes on this relationship, I don't know. I feel like this situation is kind
of ubiquitous for anybody who's ever been in and then out of a long term relationship.
You got to go full disclosure. You got to say, yeah, I got out of this long term relationship.
It didn't work out. I rushed into another one that also didn't work out because we just moved
too fast or whatever. I really like you, but I don't want to, you know, I don't want to move
this thing too fast because the last time I did that, it didn't work out. But I do want to keep
my exclusive deal on dating you. I want to keep an option to move this forward, but I want to keep
exclusivity. Well, that's going to be that might be harder to negotiate. That might be too much.
You've got to have that in the contract. You got to have that in your deal. Don't bring paperwork
into it because that's intimidating. Well, you could have like a non biting mediation.
Okay, good. I would have a get a notary public there and and have them sort of oversee your
conversation and have them sworn to secrecy. Cool. So we were on a tear there for like three
minutes. We're actually saying things that a person could actually do in real life.
You can get a notary public. Yeah. How hard is that? Like, sure. I'm going to try to become one
before the end of this show. And we'll see. And we'll just see who's laughing. Get on Google.
Just Google. You're in the tall grass, my friend. But at least you're not cripplingly lonely.
Yeah. Hey, don't just don't don't psych yourself out. Yeah. Yeah. Just stay yourself and be honest
with her. You are in a completely no matter what you actually want, you completely have the the
moral high ground here. Just be careful that you don't miss out on something really great
because you're second guessing yourself too much. Yeah. Yeah. It may just be the right person and
you may not have met them at the ideal time. And sometimes you just got to roll with it.
Yep. Because if it's the if it's the one, your special one, then you won't burn out living
together. And you know what? I think it's probably just good advice overall to relax,
you know, and maybe that will help you slow down or it will help you take stock of the relationship
as is. So maybe not try to know where it's going and how it's going to turn out and not try to
rush it, but not try to slow down and just take it at its own pace. So breathe. I feel like we just
touched I feel like half of our listeners are probably going through this right now. Yeah,
probably. And I you know what? It's funny because the older the older I get and the more
shows we do, the more I can basically tell a question askers age just from the question.
Because if they're because of a 30 year old person finds 31 like myself,
find someone who wants to be with them. It's like, oh, thank God. God, I'm not going to be alone.
Please sign this. Please sign this. Please, please. I just want I don't want to die. I don't want to
die in front of my Mori Povich. I can't stop eating frozen Frenchman pizzas. All I've been
eating is frozen Frenchman pizzas. Just love me so I'm safe. I'll throw out my tortillas. Just
please don't leave again. I don't know. I'm keeping my options open. We're moving too fast.
Fuck that. Focusing on my career. I'm moving too fast through these empty cartons of Ben and Jerry's.
Please move in with me. Please. I just need something to hang on to. Some kind of lifeline.
I'm drowning here. I'm drowning in my own loneliness. Please. You guys want to do a Yahoo?
Yeah, please. This Yahoo is sent in by Yasmeel Cruz. Thank you, Yasmeel. That's a dope ass name.
Yep, good work. It's by Yahoo Answers user Sydney who asks, how to end a sexting convo?
Please don't judge me first of all. My boyfriend wants to sext me. No pics. But I don't really
want I don't really know how to end the conversation. My friend says she just
doesn't reply. But I don't want to do that. How would I end it? Thanks, smiley face.
You break up with them. Man, I hope that's not my wife.
Justin, it's S-Y-D-N-E-E.
So shit. How do you end a sexting conversation?
I love well, I don't love. I'm terrified by the sentence. My friend says she just doesn't reply,
which to me I'm just imagining like an iPhone where it's all just like one side of a text
conversation. Like I'm touching my penis now. I'm touching it again. I'm touching it a third time.
Do you hear me? I'm still doing it. Yep. Just now I'm just flicking it.
I know you're there. But the best way to end any sexting conversation is to continue the fiction.
So then you text the person. Now I'm going to the bathroom to wash up. I'm taking a quick pee.
I'm seeing what's on TV. It's nothing good. I'm making some eggs.
I was out in the garden for like three hours. I'm like super grody down there.
Wait a minute. Now you're starting off the fiction. You're starting the fiction.
The classic gardener and gardeness fiction. I'm trying to end. I'm saying you end it.
You say like, I just played like six hours of Frisbee golf.
It's super crunchy. It's really, really swampy. That's how you keep from sexting in the first
place. Right. That's what you say. Oh, I've got a real bad headache. So you're saying how do you end
it before you begin? Oh man, I am so bloated. Let's not. Hey, do you smell that? I ate a whole
Subway footlong. Just let me sleep. I wish I'd gotten Golden Corral first. Let me sleep off this
footlong. The only thing on the footlock was black olives. I think I'm septic.
Hey, does this look infected to you or what? Oh, my stuff is pickled. Please let me sleep.
I got some real bad bubble guts. Oh, Christ. I'm on a family plan. I'm on a family plan with my dad.
Please stop. I don't get free texting. Oh, my hair's falling out. You keep interrupting my games
to draw something. How am I supposed to Fruit Ninja with this? Please no. Hold on. Let me put my leg on.
Oh, shit. No, that's not fair. The McCarthy woman's beautiful. Jenny McCarthy? No,
Jenny McCarthy can ramp a Volvo into a pile of flaming shit for all I care. I hate her.
I'm talking about Mrs. Paul McCartney, the one-legged lady who's so sweet. She's very good.
Okay, so sexting endings. Buh-bye. Just is like, nope. Is that not? Nope. Thanks, but no.
No, you are not touching it. Yeah, I disagree. You could subvert their fiction. That's good.
I start unzipping my pants, and then it gets stuck, right? It's stuck, and you're hopping around the room,
and you're like- And you realize you put your underpants on backwards, and the flap's on the other side.
And then you're hopping around so much that you fall over, and your head hits the corner of an end table.
Oh, God, you're bleeding. Not like this, God. Not like this. Not again. You smell smoke coming from the door.
Do you touch it with the back of your hand, or go to sleep? Create a choose your own adventure!
Turn to page 57. Oops, you died. You found the cave troll. You can try again on page 38.
Maybe this time don't grab the magic sword, by which I mean your dick. You encounter a troll.
Check your satchel to see what you have with you. North. You go north and die in the fires.
Please don't try to fuck me on my phone. It's my dad's phone. Why do you keep texting my dad?
I called you from this number once.
Is it this hard? Can't you just- I'm starting to think the non-response is the way to go, though.
Yeah. No, because that's- No, that's giving them free reign to just- To just molest you with words.
I wouldn't let someone send me a romantic novel that they wrote about me and them.
You know what I mean? That's- You say you wouldn't?
I would not. I probably would.
I was gonna say. If somebody called you- If it was well written. If the syntax was good.
If it had vampires, because that's huge right now. That's real big.
Just like biting a wiener. Is that- I don't know. Don't-
Wait, what?
Like the vampire, like, drinks wiener blood. Isn't that why it's so hot right now? It's like
the thought of like- I'm imagining, isn't that why vampire sex, when you do mouth stuff, the fangs?
For pleasure.
Just keep going.
Yeah, keep going. I gotta know more about this.
I don't know. I don't understand why vampire sex is so great and why it's so hot in the TV.
Only thing I could think of, mouth stuff, fangs. Good.
Oh, okay. All right. I think I'm kind of with you now.
So you put two and two together and make gross.
Yeah.
Okay.
I've never sexted.
I don't think anyone above the age of 15 has ever sexted.
I bet you're probably wrong on that front, Trev.
You think? I'm just trying to imagine, like, how one as an adult, like,
with a job out in the world starts that without being embarrassed.
Well, like, have you ever done karaoke?
Yeah.
It's basically the same thing. Okay.
So you get a couple drinks in you, and then you just roll with it.
You're home, home in your bathroom.
You watch someone else do it really badly, and you're like, I can do better than that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I could sext you. Let me sext you better.
I can sext you better than that.
Step aside. Let me show you. Let me show you.
Step aside.
What I really want is a written permanent record of my feeble, humiliating attempts to be sexy.
That's great. That's fantastic.
How quickly can you get this on Reddit? That's my question.
How quickly can we spread this around?
I want everyone to know what a Lothario I am with the texting.
That's why it's also important that you include pictures.
Oh, yeah.
But because, you know, you can trust the person that just texted you, hey, show me your dick.
Yeah.
Well, I think I would put a little bit more flavor in your ear than that.
What would you rank us off? What's that thing you had crossed in?
I'm so turgid right now.
Okay. Okay, I'm turgid.
I just went from flaccid to engorged.
My member is voluminous.
It keeps glowing.
It's billowing. It looks like a beautiful parachute down there.
I meant to talk to you about that, actually.
I don't think anybody should be sexting because it's a sin because no babies can come of it.
So obviously my religion doesn't permit it.
Sure.
It's got to be for procreation.
You disapprove of rumping for the very same reason.
Yeah, I'm sorry, is that the butt?
Rumping?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
It obviously is.
What if you sext a rumping fiction?
Sext a rumping fiction.
That's my favorite Belle and Sebastian song.
Do you mean like saying like, I don't know, can we not?
No, I backed out of this.
Yeah, I'm like done.
I don't want to do this.
I prepare my fanny, send, wait, response.
Nope.
I powder my fanny in preparation.
You know that fanny doesn't necessarily mean what you think it means across the universe, right?
What is a fanny in other parts of the universe?
It's a vagina.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
My butt's a vagina?
That didn't make any sense.
Pretty much nothing we've said for the past 40 minutes, Jesus.
First law and order, now the word fanny.
Is there anything the UK can't ruin?
You guys are so lucky that we got into the Doctor Who and we're helping you out on that.
Yeah, we'll fix it, don't worry.
You guys can't be trusted with anything.
You know what?
You know what you can trust us with?
What's that Justin?
Your money.
Of course, we don't want you to give us your money.
We want you to give your money to our dear friend, Brintle Floss.
Yes, and this isn't one of those bullshit internet friendships.
This is real world.
Travis, tell us about Brint.
Well, I met Brint my freshman year of college and we've been friends ever since.
That's not true.
Freshman year of college, we did not like each other.
But then we moved in together sophomore year, still not liking each other,
and then we became best friends and lived together for three years
and have been friends for like the last decade.
Here's some great advice.
Don't do that.
No, it actually worked out really well.
I would recommend it to anyone because if you move in with like your best friend,
you're going to annoy each other and ruin it.
If you move in with someone that already kind of annoys you,
you'll actually find all kinds of things that you have in common
and things that you really like about each other and become best friends.
But let's not focus on that.
Let's focus on Brint.
What's Brint do, Travis?
What's his game?
Honestly, he's brilliant.
I'll tell you this.
My brother, my brother and me would not exist without Brint.
Brint is an internet comedian and basically he takes all kinds of video game music
and writes video game inspired music,
basically adds lyrics and does really funny YouTube videos.
And he's just put out a second CD called Bits of Me
and I got to listen to a sneak preview of it.
And it is both hilarious and at some points, moving.
Travis, you got that sneak peek.
You want to hook us up?
Give us a taste.
Yeah.
Zelda!
Why?
Why, it's me!
It's little Linky!
Don't you know me?
Meet me in the dungeon, dear
Or wherever danger's near
How I miss your little baby face
In my arms, though, you're out of place
How I love the thought of you in chains
Please get kidnapped again
Be my damsel, but be in distress
Please let me have a second quest
So you like Zelda, you like Mario, Mega Man, Star Fox, Castlevania 2, Contra, Banjo-Kazooie.
He riffs, I could say, can I say riffs?
He riffs on all of those in musical styles, ranging from rock to bluegrass to Dixieland jazz.
They got more guests.
And the best part about it, even if you don't know about those video games,
like my girlfriend, we just listened for, you know, I made her listen to his first CD.
She loved it, ate it up.
And she doesn't know half the video games that are on there.
So he's brilliant.
He's brilliant.
He's great.
And the thing is, you can get his new CD.
You can preorder it until April 26th for $12.99.
You just go to Brentalfloss, B-R-E-N-T-A-L-F-L-O-S-S.com and preorder it and then say,
like, hey, I'm preordering this because I heard about it on NBNB AM.
If you go to Brentalfloss.com, you can also listen to some samples, I'm sure, of his work.
And while you're there, you can also see the webcomic that he puts out in which he and I are roommates.
And it kind of tells some real, some made up stories of our time together as roommates.
Um, has he written a song with music from Shenmue in it?
Not yet.
Has he written a song with music from Seaman in it?
Not yet.
What's the point?
NFL 2K5.
Yes.
Okay.
Brentalfloss.com, go right now, preorder it.
You only have until April 26th, so you've got, like, three days to get this CD and you're going to want it.
I've already preordered mine.
I could not be more excited to enjoy it and I would suggest you do the same.
Brentalfloss.com.
Travis is Brent's roommate.
You can't trust Travis on this.
Me, I hate the guy's guts.
I just love his music.
I preordered it and I can't stand to be within 100 miles of the guy.
So take it from me, an unbiased, an unbiased listener of music and enjoyer of it.
Brentalfloss.com.
Now, Griffin, are you going to sing a song?
No, fuck that.
Should we just play another clip then?
I float towards you, it's deep and it's blue, sink or swim.
Baby, don't go, love it here.
Wait for me, I'll come and set you free.
But until then, I'll keep on swimming in the sea.
I have a good, loyal, kind friend who is tragically incapable of romantic success.
He is constantly too drunk lamenting his last rebuke to lay down game on the next potential.
You want to try that again?
Yeah, let me just try.
So he's too hurt from his last refusal from a girl to flirt with the next girl.
Thank you.
What are some good wingman moves?
I can use to get him hooked up so he will be happy and stop complaining.
That's from Dating Delegate in Davis.
Can we get rid of the defiction of the wingman?
I don't think that it's possible for anybody to get anybody else laid.
See, this is the problem, Griffin.
If they don't have the magic inside of them-
The wingman is a real position, but we as a society have the wrong concept of it.
The wingman, as far as I understand it, wingman is code for,
I am married, but I have a great excuse for flirting with girls.
Exactly.
That's basically-
Wingman, you are there to be the non-threatening guy who backs up your friend when he fails.
You can't throw an alley-oop to somebody who's taking a nap in the press box.
Right, you know?
Slam a jammer.
They're not going to jam that slam.
The ball will fly free.
Okay, so let me, because I wish that someone had told me this when I was like 23
and thought I was being a good wingman.
This is not a good move.
Walking up to a girl and saying,
listen, my friend over there thinks you're really cute,
but he's too nervous to come over and say anything.
You should-
Don't, don't do that.
Why would you do that?
No, don't do that.
Travis actually did a not bad job of it.
I've never told you this before.
Oh, thank you.
Travis's jam was, it was very similar to have you met Ted on How I Met Your Mother.
He would just go up to a girl and just say,
hey, this is Griffin.
And then ghost disappears.
That's all, that's really all.
The hard part about meeting people isn't like coming up with a clever thing to say.
It is coming up with a salutation.
That's all you need.
And if you do it right, you also provide good conversation material
so your buddy can be like, I'm sorry, Travis is an asshole.
You know, I am Griffin.
You know, like you're not only opening the door,
you're also creating something to talk about at first.
Yeah, you can found your relationship on your mutual dislike of your brother.
That's what I'm saying.
I think the important thing about being a wingman
is being willing to embarrass yourself so that your friend doesn't have to.
Here's my problem with wingman or ladies.
I know, see, I think ladies prefer pack hunting.
I think pack hunting metaphors are better for the ladies.
They seem to travel in packs.
So like an alpha and beta.
Like an alpha and beta.
You gotta kill, wait, the werewolf curse won't be lifted unless,
no, here's my problem with the wingman.
And if I am going to begin a relationship with a new partner,
I don't anticipate ever doing this again.
But in my young days, when I had to,
I can't have my ability to lie stymie by my friend who knows me being around.
Like I'm gonna say a lot of things that aren't true or exaggerations of the truth.
And I can't have my friend look at me like, you're lying.
I gotta be on my own.
If that person does that, they're a terrible wingman.
If they call bullshit on you.
He's lying.
Justin, why are you compulsively lying to women though?
Well, it's not just women, hey?
Compulsively is not-
Men, women, children, babies, goats.
Well, guys.
I'm not saying like lying like-
I've got a real hearty penis.
No, I'm not talking about lying like-
It's like a can of Senka down there.
He's talking about lying like saying things like, no, I'm not afraid of masks.
Yeah, right.
Pretending like I'm not afraid of the robot woman from Superman 3.
Should that come up in casual conversations.
Well, you know who I like?
You know what never scared me?
The HBO logo they used to show for the movies in the 80s.
I never really scared me.
I used to scare the ever loving shit out of you.
It was no big deal.
It was pretty frightening.
No big whoop.
I think to answer your question, it is your job as wingman to not-
It's not a defeat.
That's the thing.
If a girl is like, nah, I'm not interested.
Or even in the worst, shooting you down.
It's not a defeat because you have not lost anything.
And so when your friend starts to like, fuck it.
I'm just going to do like nine shots because she doesn't want to talk to me.
You need to be like, hey, bro, it's not that big a deal.
Don't worry about it.
That's a bigger problem, I think.
Yeah.
I also, guys, I think the term, the idea of the term, the concept wingman has been
just so steeped in so much bro.
I agree.
That it's, I don't even think you can go with the idea anymore.
It's been bromented.
Do you know what your only obligation as a wingman is?
What?
To not make your friend go out to a bar by himself.
That's it.
Really?
If you do that, you're already head and shoulders above anyone else.
You know my ideal wingman?
What?
Somebody who will just buy every other pitcher and play some darts.
Yeah.
That's a pretty good wingman to me.
Well, no ladies tonight, but you threw a real nice 301.
Do you want to know who the world's worst wingman is?
Who's that, Travis?
It is my dear friend Michael Bradbury.
Why is he so bad?
Because he is the most naturally charming person I have ever met.
If you bring a girl within a 15-foot radius of Michael Bradbury, she is lost to you.
Yeah, he can't be too charming.
This is my wingman, John Stamos.
Oh, you're gone.
You're fucking John Stamos in his car.
Great.
I am the perfect wingman because I'm just charming enough
that I don't necessarily come off as a serial killer.
This is my dear friend Michael Fassbender.
He's dark and mysterious and you're making out.
Maybe you've seen his penis in the movies.
He is legally required to take it out during every one.
Here's the one thing that I learned you don't want to do as a wingman.
If your friend starts doing well with a lady or fella,
you don't want to start running around the bar screaming,
how am I going to get home?
My friend is doing well with a girl.
I don't know how to get home.
And then flapping your arms.
You know, Justin, you pointed out something earlier that it's just clicked to me.
That was a great point.
Oh, that's rare.
What'd I do?
Women are pack hunters.
Yeah.
So your job as wingman is to help your friend
not feel like he's singularly approaching a group of women.
So you're there with him.
You're backup to talk to other people.
So you got to tank the other women.
Yeah, but he's rogue.
He goes rogue and you tank.
He goes rogue and you're tanking.
Meanwhile, you can find a wizard.
The druid is in the corner healing you.
And by all means, when you're talking to this special somebody
that you're trying to connect with,
make sure you tell him that you're the rogue
and your friend is the tank
and he's tanking the mobs that came with it.
You're trying to DPS.
If she gets it and laughs, marry her.
Don't, no way.
No, cause she is probably being paid to seduce you, sir.
She is a spy.
She is a spy.
You're a dead man.
This is also such a great reminder of
it's so hard to meet people and found lasting relationship.
How do you meet anybody?
Anybody.
How do you make friends?
You know what I'm coming to realize in my life
is that it's just like when people try to come up with a formula
to help them figure out the winning lottery numbers
or to figure out what stocks are good.
There is no formula.
If I just have this wing man and go to this bar
and say this line, I'll meet the perfect person
and be happy forever.
Your best, the best thing that's working in your favor
is that everybody is equally desperate.
I just want a friend.
Please, please.
I need someone, please.
That could be your opening salvo.
Please, please.
I'm gonna lay it all out of line.
I'm super lonely.
Just a warm body to throw darts with, please.
Please just come hang.
And this is all, this is all of this question
and the answer is all predicated on a fiction
that things are a lot more tactical in a bar
than they actually are.
Yeah.
Really just have enough drinks that you think you're cool.
Yep.
I'm in dire need of advice on smiling.
I simply cannot do it on command for pictures.
It's not that I frown.
I just end up sarcastically smirking
or simply sitting there with my mouth agape.
People, especially my mother and girlfriend,
detest this shortcoming.
Please help.
That's from Expressionless in Pennsylvania.
Wow.
That's a good one.
You know what my jam was?
What was it?
I just found like a funny face.
Like what?
You know, and just pulled that in every picture
for like two years.
Okay.
I did that too.
And it's, I don't recommend it.
I, nobody has taken a good picture of me since 1991
when I was a baby and I got in a basket.
And someone took a picture of that.
But that's what, that's the problem, Griffin.
You used it all up when you were four.
In that one image that I lost it.
That one could be like a National Geographic
like cover of the month.
Yeah.
Babies in baskets issue.
Yeah.
Now National Geographic cover of the month,
is that a contest they run or?
I'm not familiar with National Geographic's
cover of the month contest.
I meant cover of the decade or like cover of the century.
But the time frame I pulled out was month.
I'm pretty sure every National Geographic cover
is a cover of the month.
Yeah.
Shut up, you guys.
When I smile, my teeth do a weird thing
where they like shoot in different directions.
Like a picket fence that got hit by a tornado.
And I get this crease in my forehead that I can't explain.
It's a vertical, which is a weird crease.
And then like my eyes turn like,
I would say like 45 degrees diagonally.
And I look like some sort of horrible ghoul.
Griffin's expression in pictures is reminiscent
of someone who's incredibly excited to be opening
a birthday present, but suspects it may be
the severed head of a dead puppy.
Like he's starting to think like, wait a minute, what if?
It's because you can see behind the eyes.
Behind the eyes, there's terror.
Like it's halfway between a genuine smile
and straight up Godfrey.
Like that's usually where I come in.
If I could land on either one of those extremes,
then it would be fine.
But I mean, that's a McElroy thing.
It's like if we smile too big,
our eyes just automatically close.
I don't know why that is.
I don't see.
I don't know.
My wife gets mad at me because I don't look.
I look silly in pictures.
I'm trying to what is finally started to pull me out of it
is when you're when you're taking the picture,
try to think about how the fact that you're not dead.
But someday someone might look at this picture
and you may be dead.
So you want to look happy about it.
You want to look happy now.
Help cheer them up.
You're gone.
You're not there to take care of them anymore.
So just put a smile on that phrase.
Kind of frown upside down.
You know, it's particularly troubling for me is that
I have a couple of friends here who have nice cameras.
And so they take a lot of pictures whenever we have,
you know, hang out events
and get a lot of candid pictures taken to me.
And I I never just my rest state is not very happy.
I look very, very sad and angry and like lost in thought
pretty much like ninety nine percent of the time.
Is that how people are naturally?
I mean, that's how you are naturally.
I was going to say I'm I'm pretty happy.
Like most of the time I'm smiling a lot.
My eyes are alive.
We are we're at PAX East.
We're in Boston.
Boston last month.
I ran into John Drake, a friend of ours from harmonics.
He said, I ran into Griffin.
I said, yeah, he said, man, that guy is just over it.
What?
That's not the vibe I get from Griffin.
But I don't know.
Griff, maybe you're throwing out that over it vibe.
I think it's just that I'm a very I'm I'm just super intellectual,
you know, just yeah, that's that's probably I'm thinking
about the poetry that I read earlier that day and like what it means to me as a person.
You know, I don't really have time to think about like all the joy that is in life.
See, that's why if someone looks at me and they're trying to figure out what I'm thinking,
I'm loudly singing the Doug theme song inside of my head.
Is that and that kind of keeps me smiling.
Can someone just like tell me how to be happier?
Sing the Doug theme song inside of your head.
I'm just thinking about the Holocaust again.
Damn it.
How about Yahoo?
They usually cheers you up.
OK, I'm not thinking about the Holocaust.
How about a Yahoo answer?
This Yahoo answer is sent in by Steve Lewis is by asked by Yahoo.
Answers user Jerry Brewer, who asks.
How do I get my dogs to romantically eat spaghetti?
I have a cocker spaniel and some kind of mutt.
I have a little table set up in a replica,
authentic Italian restaurant built in my basement.
I have tried everything to get these dogs to eat romantically,
but they do the exact opposite.
In fact, they just eat it really fast and fight each other for the spaghetti.
I don't know what else to do.
I am very serious about this.
Please only serious answers.
Taxidermy.
Tiger.
Tiger can't change his stripes.
Dogs can't change the way.
They'll just eat this.
They'll just eat fucking.
They'll just eat fucking spaghetti.
They'll eat anything you put in front of them.
You can't say.
Hey, slow down.
You can't teach a fucking cocker spaniel cotillion, you dummy.
Well, not, not easily.
Not easily.
It takes time.
I bet Caesar could do it.
Caesar could.
Your only hope is to find Caesar, the dog whisperer, to come to your house.
Yep.
Yep.
And the dog's like, oh, he's right.
He's like, sit, shake, salad fort goes on the left.
Please put the napkin in your lap.
No, red wine goes with pasta.
Damn it.
Coordinating.
Your problem is your pasta noodles.
They're not long enough.
Yeah.
Yeah, you need one long noodle.
You guys want to know God's honest from watching Lady and the Tramp?
I used to think that spaghetti was made with one big, huge, long noodle.
Animation has given you that impression for years.
How many times have you seen a character put a fork into a big plate of spaghetti and turn it
and turn it and turn it and it's all in the fork?
And oh my God, I've been on accents for like a week and a half and I'm losing my mind.
I have to eat something.
Are you back in?
Are you back on trying to get that ketosis?
God, I just really got to get ketosis.
I got to get fit.
We got Max Fun Con coming up June 1st.
I'm going to be hobnobbing.
I guess I could say hobnobbing with our friends, John Hodgman, John Roderick,
Chuck Bryant from Some of You Should Know.
The one takeaway I want everybody to have from Max Fun Con is, wow, Justin has got a hard body.
Yeah.
How was your Max Fun Con?
It was okay.
Justin was looking great.
I've never met him before, but I could just tell that his body's gotten significantly harder.
I think he's on ketosis.
He's inspired me to make another Long Winter's album.
I'm really going to finish it now.
This one's called Justin's Ass is Rockin'.
Yeah, it's called Rockin' Justin's Ketosis Fine Ass.
So anyway, yeah, I just really would like some pasta.
I'm literally considering, well, I'll actually get some spaghetti squash for lunch.
Is that where you take squash and you noodle it down?
You get it in the spaghetti?
No, it's like a type of squash.
You cook it in the microwave for like six minutes, and then you scrape it with a fork,
and it's basically like spaghetti noodles.
Basically.
Wow, that sounds really sad.
That sounds like the saddest.
Well, it's healthy.
You like health.
You want to live forever, don't you?
I do.
No.
I'm never going to die.
Oh, youth.
I remember that feeling.
Going around, sex anything that walks.
Drinking anything.
Sexting anything that can read.
Drink anything that'll melt.
I've been there.
Eating anything that casts a shadow.
Eating anything that casts a shadow.
I've lived that life.
Shooting up anything that walks.
I've been there.
We've all toured with the stones.
You guys aren't cool.
Snorting anything that'll grind.
Ah, god damn it.
What are you going to go with?
Putting long cylindrical objects in your ears.
Making, putting down anything that'll congeal.
I've been there.
Experimenting.
It's the 80s.
Something about your butthole and doing stuff to it.
Picking stuff up with your butthole.
You've been there.
I was in Blue Man Group.
I know how these things go.
I know how kids are.
Are we helping this guy with the dogs?
I wasn't paying attention.
Yeah, I pretty much erased him from the planet with my thoughts.
Perfect for choosing these questions.
You'd think he would choose people that he thinks we can help.
People who we can reach out to.
I imagine it would be easier to find people willing to dress up like Lady in the Tramp
and eat spaghetti for you in your tiny basement Italian restaurant than to train dogs to do it.
There is only one way that fucking short story ends and it's with Chop, Chop, Chop,
Trunk Clothes, Broom, Lake, Park, Splash.
Well, that's the end.
That's the whole Lifetime movie.
Lifetime movie, book.
And all that would be predicated on jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk.
Jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk, jerk.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop,
chop, chop, chop.
Trunk, drive, jerk, jerk, jerk a little bit, splash.
Jerk, jerk, jerk to fall asleep.
Get home, clean up the spaghetti.
Lifetime movie.
And jerk it to the Lifetime movie.
Go to the office the next day.
How was your weekend?
Tell everyone about it.
Oh, it was great.
How was your weekend, President Obama?
Horrible secret revealed.
What a reveal though.
This episode of my brother, my brother and me was paid for by the campaign to elect Mitt Romney.
President Obama is definitely, definitely a lady in the Tramp murder fetishist.
He's the lady in the Tramp killer.
Connor, good job.
Good job, FBI.
Nice job, Sherlock.
Oh, I'll say Sherlock.
How long before, how long before presidential campaigns start taking us to the money zone?
Would you guys even care like who, who we affiliated ourselves with as long as we got
that, do I care?
Yeah.
If we got like a big enough hunk of that super pack pie.
Oh, you saying that I would do Nader.
Yeah.
And a heartbeat.
He's got that.
Right.
He's coming back.
I'll do Gingrich at this point.
Just because he's adorable.
And by do you're talking about fucking them, right?
No, Griffin.
I would do an ad for them, a commercial for them.
You haven't looked at Gingrich's chunky dumps and been like, I could, I could see myself in that.
No, I, I no way.
Cause I'm planning on having cancer someday and I want somebody who's going to stick by me.
That doesn't, that doesn't fit the bill with him at all.
See now we'll never get sponsors.
Great.
Damn it.
Damn it.
We're never going to get political ads at this rate.
Oh shit.
So, Hey, this has been our advice show.
My brother, my brother, me, it's modern era and everything.
I'm Justin, the oldest one.
Whatever.
I'm Travis and I'm the middle.
Why are we doing it again?
No, we're starting again.
I want to do it over.
I did it wrong.
Thanks to everybody tweeting about the show.
We want to welcome our new Tony award-winning fan, Lin-Manuel Miranda.
It's super good to have you on board.
Thanks to everybody else tweeting about the show.
If you get a Tony, let us know.
We'll say your name on the show.
Yeah.
That's, that is the new barrier for entry.
We hit 100 and we just raised the stakes.
Rod as I roar.
RD awesome.
Our dear, dear friend, Eric Nier.
Sean Fish.
I almost said Travis McElroy.
Yay.
Hooray for me.
Incredible K.
Uh, Joseph Bloomberg, Thrashworth, Ross Butler, everybody.
Flame Drake's, uh, we, we super appreciate, uh, everybody tweeting about the show and,
and, and helping us to spread the word.
Um, you're the only reason that we are still doing this and the fact that we like to talk
to each other, but other than those two things, that's the only reason.
So thank you for spreading it.
If you get a second this week, um, tweet about the show with the NBNB AM hashtag and make
sure to include that bit.ly forward slash.
It's my boom, bam.
That's our sampler and it's a fun way to get people in the program or just tell a friend
about it in the meat space.
Yeah.
Tell a real world friend if you can still have those, um, just hand them a CD and say
you're welcome.
Yeah.
And then make them listen to the podcast.
Uh, I want to thank everybody who, who gave us well wishes on our hundredth episode.
That meant a lot to me.
Um, I also want to thank John Roderick and the long winters for the use of our theme
song.
It's a departure off their album, putting the days to bed.
Uh, it's a, it's a super good album and that song is on it and it's a super good song.
So, so go purchase that on Amazon, MP3 and iTunes and vinyl.
And I want to thank rental floss for sponsoring this week's episode.
Make sure to go to rental floss.com and pre-order the CD pre-order ends on April 26.
So hurry up, Griffin, bring us home.
This final Yahoo answer was sent in by Mike Sherwin.
Thank you, Mike.
It's by Yahoo answers user, Mr. Dang, who asks, how long have you had a crush on Gary
Busey?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is me, my brother, my brother and me.
It's your dad.
School wear on the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part, play your part.
