The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. Griffin and Justin are away. They're traveling
about this great world of ours, exploring new adventures. I don't know. I think they're working.
I don't really pay attention when they talk. But this is our best of episodes. It's episode
82 to 91, so we're getting close to that 100 episode mark. We hope you enjoy it. It includes
a lot of my favorite bits, including Dwarf and Cake Boss and a bunch of good ones. So I hope
you'll like it. And yeah, here you go. Enjoy. Who has this much time? You know, when I last
updated my status update, when I want people to know that I did something cool, that's the only
time that you should ever update your status or twitter or anything. If you're doing something
cooler than somebody else might be doing that exact second, that's when you tweet. Or you're
making something good for dinner. Over half of my status updates just say,
check out this thing I did. That's basically it. I made this. I made this thing. Okay, and as much
as I hate people that are just like, I went to the store today, what I really hate is those ones
that are like, a, you know, a true friend will do this, but a dear friend, and I'm just like,
fuck you. You know, that's people that don't actually have friends. Can you give me, can you
give me an example of what you mean, Travis? Oh, you're gonna have to give me a second. I'd love
an example too. I would love this. You're gonna have to give me a second. No, no, no. I would
love it just like straight off the dome freestyle. Uh, I don't know. Oh God, give me a fuck. So like,
a true friend will drive you to the airport. A dear friend will fly the plane.
A good guy will get you flowers. The right guy will eat them for you. Eat these flowers. Prove
you love me. Eat these rhododendrons. Prove your love and eat the rhododendrons. Eat them, David.
Bite the rose. Bite the rose, David. Bite the rose, David. Um, what if our dreams are just
blurred memories of our previous lives? What? These are all coming to us from Yahoo Answers
user Los Pumas, who, uh, is really turned out about 60 of these. Okay. Dear parents,
just because it's your house doesn't mean it's not my privacy. Sincerely, teens.
Is this guy 45? Teens. Teens. Guess what? It does mean that. It means it. It means it all over.
Teens. That's our new sign off for my brother. My brother and me. Kiss your dad's green lips
is gone. Teens is it. Oh my God. There's websites that generate Facebook statuses for you. Oh, no,
teens. Now I have a virus. Uh, this is an advice show for the modern era. We're going to get to
the advice in just a second. But first, some lady in this audience has a secret about these two.
Oh. Yes, it's true. She knows who she is. She is probably too ashamed to admit it. Um,
when I get nervous pre-show, and I always do, uh, I gotta make peeps. And sometimes I have to use
the one closest to the green room, which in this case was the ladies room. We didn't want to,
I guess, ruin the magic of the show by exposing ourselves to the audience. Uh, there were two
stalls in there. Travis and I agree on peep procedure. We both went in, went in both stalls.
There she is. There she is. Okay. Normally I would apologize, but you did not follow the
bathroom procedure. You didn't take all the handle. Didn't knock on the door. She didn't
expect there to be two dudes. You always have to expect two dudes. You always expect two dudes in
the bathroom. This is a classy show. She shouldn't have to expect two dudes hanging out crossing the
streams. There were two different stalls. We did pause in the middle and switch stalls,
but that's just so we could get the full experience. And I giggled in the middle of the
act, like, cause it was so ridiculous to do it. And we high-fived as we were passing. That part's
not true. I definitely giggled though. And I couldn't just, was I giggling when you came in?
Cause that would, God, God damn it. I think it's rid of the pre-show jitters,
like supreme embarrassment. Yeah. That's a, that's a deep shame.
God damn it. No, my dad reads those. The jig is up. Oh man.
Um, okay. So, uh, he says I'm a Grinch. It doesn't matter what holiday it is.
Christmas, Thanksgiving, Halloween, 4th of July. He did not include candle nights,
but I'm assuming or anything else. Just can't get excited for him. Want to get excited,
enjoy the holidays, but just can't seem to. How can I stop being a Grinch? Like things.
Okay. Normally we try to cut a little deeper to the bone here on our show,
but I guess like things is a, is a perfectly suitable answer.
Like every holiday, like Columbus day and like Canadian Thanksgiving and stuff.
What about Independence day? Maybe they all the aliens.
Can you not eat super fruit gummies during the show? Sorry. You sound like my,
this is my chaw addicted brother, Griffin. He loves two things, bad advice and smokeless tobacco.
Um, no, but really Independence day, not a fan of that. It's just fireworks and hot dogs. How can
you not get into things exploding? And also there are hot dogs there. Is every day of your life a
holiday? Are you Tim McGraw live like it was like I was dying style every day out there,
skydiving, rock and mountain climbing? No. Well, you're here. So I can tell that's not true.
Wow. What do you have? Let me say this. Do you have anything against them or is it just like,
eh, I don't feel it. Oh, welcome to adulthood.
Guess what? Nothing's as good as it used to be. You turn like 16 and people stop giving you candy
and sparklers and it's sad from now on. Yeah. You have to, but then you have to drink chillers and
five hour energy drinks just to feel. Yeah. We have a cure for your problem. It's called alcohol.
Get on the bus. What I found in my adult life is all the holidays that I loved as a kid,
like Halloween and Christmas and stuff. I had to give those up to appreciate holidays,
like St. Patrick's day. Sacrifice a few holidays so that the other ones mean more.
No, I'm just saying like, I've learned to appreciate. I don't have to go to work today days
and I get to drink all day. How do you not like those days? What's wrong with you?
I think you're too broken for our help, but sir, I'm sorry. You will be issued a full refund.
You were not.
I have a Yahoo. A Yahoo, you say? I have Yahoo Answers. From the Yahoo Answers service. From
the Yahoo Answers platform. Okay. That was developed. I can't stop drinking it even though
I know it's like an experiment now. It's like mouth art for your mouth. This one was sent in
by Alethea Eckhart. Thank you, Alethea. It's by Yahoo Answers user Nevaeh, who asks,
have it backwards. Hey everybody, by the way, cheese it with that. All right. Unless your name
is Nevaeh and you're here, in which case it's lovely. Who asks, what can I get a horse and dog
for Christmas? We're having a Christmas party on this Saturday and we're doing Secret Santa
and I got a horse named Daisy and a dog named Bandit, which Bandit is kind of old and only
has 20% vision. So I can't really get him toys. So what else can I get a dog that only has 20%
vision? Euthanasia. And what do you buy a horse for Christmas besides treats? Horse treats,
apples, sugar. Hey, guess what? That's the only thing that horses give a shit about and not being,
those three things and not being kicked in the sides. Those are the four things the horse is
like. I got you this necklace of roses. I like oats and not having a man on me.
Maybe you could get him a smaller horse and a smaller dog. But you know what? Even those
horses give a shit about holidays. Just saying. Hey, just saying. Get it together. They get a
little extra trot in their gallop right around Thanksgiving and stuff. I don't know what horses
like anymore. In my day, horses, they appreciated the simpler things like Smucker's Raspberry
Preserve. I used to have my finger on the equestrian pulse and nowadays I just feel so divorced from
it. You know what you could do? You could get the horse a dog present and the dog a horse present
and then they swap them, Gifted and Magi, and they become best friends. That's not how Gifted
and Magi work. Thanks for the watch chain, it's yours now. Gifted the lazy guy. Swapperoo. News
flash, if you're a horse, you don't fucking know that. Take it for granted. Somebody tells you to
run in a circle, you're like, okay boss. I guess, thanks. I hope I get oats for this. We've gone,
I don't know, five minutes without addressing the fact that someone got a horse and a dog and a
Secret Santa. What kind of fucking Secret Santa is this? What kind of Secret Santa is there where
you draw a human being saying like, oh, whoo, shots to blood there. Someone that wears shoes
and pants and stuff. Yeah, I got the short straw, looks like I got the horse. Good news, you can
give the straw to the horse. You will enjoy that very much. Why is your response not, this is a
horse. I think there's been a clarifying error. You have written Bandit. No, I entered the human Secret
Santa. I'm a human and I have a horse. Is the horse and dog draw names? What the fuck is that
horse gonna get? All I got is these shoes, they're like an apple. Do you want this eaten apple?
Steven the human isn't gonna like this apple. Bad news for Dorothy and accounting,
you're not getting anything. Don't even buy a gift, you're going home empty-handed.
Here's a Yahoo that has nothing to do with snooze. It's by Yahoo Answers, sent in by
Nefariosity. Thank you Nefariosity. It's by Yahoo Answers user question mark who asks,
what do angels eat for my book? How to cook for angels. I'd read it. I would, I'd read it.
That Shiner Buck is so good after drinking that orange jizz for 30 minutes. That's because it's
made here in Austin. I am writing a book and the girl in my book is pregnant with an angel
and I want her to have something to crave. Unfortunately, it's a biography.
You're not writing a book, let's be honest. You're justifying to your dad.
Yeah, daddy it's an angel. Trust me, it's an angel baby. I'm trying to win a bet with my stupid
friends. What do angels eat? Two different people in the Yahoo Answers platform wrote angel food
cake. Good one guys. Nobody said angel hair pasta. Could get another angel based. What about devil's
food cake? Can you believe it? Travis, if you make the jokes that are as bad as the jokes that are in
there, then people don't have to listen. No, I said it in a tone of voice like I'm mocking them,
but it's all I could come up with. If we just had bad jokes snidely for 30 minutes, would you guys
be cool? I think like anything. I guess anything they want to. Obviously their teeth are made of
metal. Angels I pretty sure only eat cloud-based foods. So like cloud burgers. Like cloud burgers
mostly. Right. Did they eat like tacos? Cloud tacos. They can eat cloud tacos. They're not
exclusively towards cloud burgers. There's a lot of cloud-based foods in this situation that I'm
whipping up live on stage. Griffin's out there on a bold new frontier and he's writing the rules.
They'll keep challenging me on this. What about cupcakes? God damn it. Yeah, they eat those too,
but they're made of clouds. In this situation I'm creating. What about- Have you guys ever seen
improv before? This is how it works. Normally we record for an hour and 15 minutes. You get a 55
minute show and these are the gems you're missing out on. If you could believe it, you would be robbed
of cloud tacos. This is my brother, my brother, me, face to face, three, Tokyo Drift, the cutting
room floor. Do angels have to- Do angels- Let me bring it down. Do angels have to- Things are
getting too funny. Let's have a really intense theological discussion. What do you guys think
about angels? If I get to heaven- Taking all comers. When I get to heaven and I become an angel,
because I think I did a pretty good job down here. Pretty sure that's how it works. I don't
want to have to have the onus of eating on me. Angels only eat because they're hungry, because
then actually angels only eat to take food away from poor people. This is mine. This isn't made
of clouds. I hate it. This one was sent in by Krista Whelan. Thank you, Krista. It's by Yahoo
Answers. God. I know, she sent in link 30. It's by Yahoo Answers user Mycroft who asks,
what are some awkward places to hang mistletoe? Belt buckle. Gallows. Funny, awkward, uncomfortable,
or bizarre places to hang mistletoe? Shanks. On the top of the coffin. Oh man. What? It's Christmas.
Yeah. Oh gosh. The top of the speculum? I don't know what that means. Okay. What's a funny,
awkward place to hang- You know what I really like? On your belt buckle. That's hysterical.
No, I already said that one. We know. We're commenting on the comedy. Belt buckles was good.
Yeah. What about on the back of the belt loop of your pants so it looks like you're saying,
kiss my fanny. That's what I reduced it for candle lights. You have to say fanny? Now just
so you know, Griffin, in many countries that aren't America, fanny means something completely
different. Is that true? Yeah. I didn't know that. What does it mean? That's darty. I don't want to
know about it because it's candle lights. No, you don't. All right. What about anywhere? Anywhere
in the world? Anywhere that you hang mistletoe is always awkward and terrible. Guys, have you ever
been- We've all been on this planet for between 28 and 31 years. No, 25 years, right? 24. That's
okay. It's Christmas. You don't know my age. That's all I want. I asked you for Christmas for
a card. A birth certificate. I wanted you and Obama to give me a birth certificate for Christmas.
Have you guys ever been to a Christmas party or gathering or somebody's house where there was
actually mistletoe on display? Yes, but not until recently. I went to a party and I walked into the
kitchen. Hold on, wait. This story sounds like it's going to be long. Will it also be funny?
Yeah. It's very short. Is it linked to humor? Let me assuage your fears. It's very short,
but not funny. Okay, break on through then. I walked into the kitchen and looked up and there
was mistletoe hanging in the middle of the room and around the perimeter of the room were eight
guys looking really uncomfortable waiting for a girl to walk into the room. What are you doing?
Look up. You got me. Get some chapstick. Get your birch bees. It's smidgen time.
Maybe this was a fever dream, but I feel like I went to a boy-girl party in middle school
where mistletoe was hung aloft from the rafters like something that you hang from rafters.
I think it's the most awkward thing in the world and I wish we would stop doing it.
I've never been smooched. No, thanks to mistletoe. I don't think that's a real thing people are
doing. Are there any good answers? The fifth street overpass. The end of my dog's tail.
Whoa. That's awful. And last but certainly not least, on your mom. Okay, it was funny for a
minute. What's it? Above the toilet. I like that actually. Kiss the toilet. Kiss that toilet before
you use it. Hey everybody in mistletoe, you know that you don't just have to kiss whatever inanimate
object home. It's not like a binding contract. That's what people said on your dad's wardrobe.
The litter box on a table lamp. Light switch. Come here, light switch. Cassandra says,
put it in the guy's locker room. Smiley face. I don't think that's going to play out how you
think it's going to play out. Good game, Brock. Hey, Brick, come here. Did you just name them Brick
and Brock? Hello, Brock. Hello, Brick. I guess we should have seen this coming. Christmas law
binds us, Brick. I know, Brock. Why are we so adherent to it? Hey, good hockey. Come here.
That's hockey sweater. Let me take it off of you. I want to kiss you under the mistletoe.
Hey, what's going on in here? Get out of here, Brack. Get out of here, Brack. Brick and Brock
are kissing. Come over here, Brick. You're cool. Brick, it's time for this kiss party. Guys,
it's pronounced Bruce for the last time. It's Bruce. It's Bruce.
This one was sent in by HorseLoverFat. Thanks, HorseLoverFat. It's by yahooanswersuser. Touch
my pigtails and die, who asks, if you were a legitimate vampire, as 99% of the world is,
who would you surprise with the gift of eternal life this Christmas? For me, it would be Bob from
accounting. He has nice hair, and it deserves to look that way forever. Wow. A legitimate vampire.
Not one of these fakie, not one of these fly-by-night, Johnny-come-lately vampires.
Not one of these kids that go to the mall on a hot topic, and they bite the fangs,
and they put them on their teeth, and they bite each other. Yeah. And then they get sick
from the bites. From the bites and the Chinese-made fake fangs. They've made of lead,
and you get sick from putting them in your mouth, and then from putting them in the neck.
I don't know if I can say this or not, but I think I would give that eternal life to the pope.
Make him forever pope. Oh, no. Really? You're enjoying John Ratzenberg that much?
Enjoying John Ratzenberg that much that you're going to keep him as a turnip pope? I just kind
of like the idea of forever pope. I feel like he could really get a lot done. That's impossible.
Think about it. If he... None of us are Catholic, by the way. Go on. No, I'm not Catholic.
I'm not. If you're a vampire, you can't... How is your day going to be? He wears a cross
on his hat. It's going to be unpleasant. It's going to be unpleasant. It's a labor of love.
I'm going to live forever, and I'm going to have migraines the whole time.
Because there's a cross on my hat. Like, what are you talking about? The pope is the worst.
I don't know anybody... His whole style is going to have to change. I mean, that's obvious.
I don't know anybody with more day-to-day cross exposure than the pope.
Okay, then I'm going to switch to David Boreanaz. Well, that's a little on the nose.
Yeah, he's the pope of my heart. I know he can do it. I've seen him succeed
as a vampire previously. You are the only one I know that can handle this power.
I'm going to say Ellen. Why Ellen?
Can you... Here's my reasoning. Can you imagine a world after Ellen, post Ellen, P.E.?
Uh... Can you imagine the year one P.E.?
I cannot, and I don't think the world could either. I don't want to imagine. I just want to
see her dance, and she'll dance the whole show and never get tired because she's a vampire,
and then she'll get angry at her guests who get tired. Because, like, when you're a vampire,
you can pretty much dance forever. Can I do Robert Pattinson just as, like,
payback? Surprise.
Surprise. Now you live forever. Oh, what if you gave him eternal life and
then immediately staked him through the heart? Just, like, right away. One-two punch.
Well, that would just be... That would be murder. Or could you get it around the murder charge?
Because that is undead. He was a vamp.
Yeah. You cannot be tried for killing a vamp.
Okay. That's true.
Or a tramp. You can get one from a rail car.
Or a scamp. Or a scamp. Get out of here. I'm going to tell you.
Oh, now I've got it. I'm going to turn all of the rail riders, all of the lovable hobos,
into vampires. Oh, my God. Hey, ABC,
I will sell you the series that I just created about...
Boxcar vampires....beautiful boxcar vampires that ride the
rails at 40k. Boxcar trampires.
Oh, tramp. Boxcar trampires. Boxcar trampires.
What they'll do is they'll go around and have premarital sex, and then they'll... Some of them
go to college. And some of them learn a little bit about love, but a lot about themselves.
Yeah. And one of them is Neff Campbell. More like matronly, I think.
I would have gone with Misha Barton, because she looks vampiric in the face region.
She does, right? She looks hollow.
Her and Tilda Swinton, I think, would be a good...
Tilda Swinton can be her mom. Can we sign Tilda on?
I'm not ready for TV. You get to play a boxcar vampire. Where do I sign?
How many times do I have to sign to be a boxcar vampire?
That is an undeniable role. I want you to know,
that sounds like Russell Brand doing an impression of Tilda Swinton.
How about Russell Brand, the vampire? What's he doing? Russell,
he already looks like he lives in a boxcar.
Whatever the opposite of eternal life is, I would like to give to Russell Brand.
I would like to give him like 30 second life remaining.
Have life. Just to see what he does. Only now do I know what it means to truly live.
Here's the thing. In this day and age, people change jobs. Millennials.
No one is tied to any one position anymore, which makes creating past work experience
just the easiest thing. Pick a friend, write down their cell phone number,
say they were the manager at the now defunct, etc. And then have the manager call them.
Your friend will say whatever you tell them to.
You know, have the manager call us. We'll say whatever you want.
Yeah, I'll lie. I'll put a message.
For five dollars, I'll tell them you were president.
Is it possible that it's not like they're under qualified,
like they don't have the years of experience, but they're under qualified,
like it's a job as like an engineer or like as a surgeon and they just don't have any knowledge?
Well, I fucking hope it's not a surgeon.
Yeah, I would hope so too.
I don't think the people who listen to our show are clinically unstable,
which seems to be the picture that you're painting.
Now, come in here, Dylan. What prepares you to be a marine biologist?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
I like fish and I'm scared of water. Let's get this done.
Let's learn some shit about otters.
I got you. I got an underwater microscope. Come on. Science. Where's the whale?
Where's the whale at?
Which one's the shark again?
Okay. Yeah, that's right.
I want to put my microscope on a shark.
I'm going to call in that big fish like Jonah did. Remember?
I'm going to learn about his inside part.
By the way, I only believe in sciences in the Bible. Let's do this. I'm unqualified.
The Bible and Pinocchio.
This is my dream.
This is my dream, sir.
This is my dream job. I fucking hate fish. I hate this. Let's do it.
Come on, you slimy bitches.
Look at him flop around on the table. This is crazy.
Somebody get me a science knife. I'm going to go to town on this fish.
Give me a science knife. I gots to cut this whale open.
Tell you what, I'm not qualified for this job,
but I'm going to dissect this octopus right in front of you. Watch. You watch. You watch.
I'm going to cut off some squid legs, put it on this octopus,
make the ultimate tentacle monster animal.
Is this science yet? Did we do it?
I want to do some science. Drop me in this tank. I'm going to tie this octopus' legs together like Popeye.
Let's keep the food train rolling. This one was sent in by Galiayali. Thanks, Galiayali.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Hi? That's H-I-G-H and then a question mark.
Who asks, yes?
You're on Yahoo Answers, I'm going to assume.
What do you do to make the most of your time?
What do you do to make the lettuce on your sandwich feel sexy?
Wait, uh-huh.
The responses to this question really shows off that Yahoo Answers is just an Algonquin
roundtable of comedy.
Is there no more to the question?
That's it.
No, that's it. That's it.
Uh, Megan responded, lay my meat on it real slow, then squirt mayo on it.
Oh, God.
I get it all wet, put it under water just to make it so much more important that the rest of the lettuce,
when really I'm just trying to wash any bacteria off, then I get kinky with it and bite it.
That got, that took a weird practical turn in the middle.
Yo, girl, you know DDT and what all, and then I funk it.
Dress it up in something sexy, not mayo.
I can't enjoy it if it's dry unless it stays completely naked.
Whisper naughty things to it.
Put it in your mouth to bite it and suck on it.
This is lettuce.
Everybody, it's lettuce.
Like, what's the matter with you?
Let me suck on this sandwich, Fixins.
I forgot, I've lost the place where it's Griffin and the Yahoo answer sings,
and now I just think my brother's is awful, awful mess of humanity.
Add salad cream.
Oh, God.
No, wait, hold on.
Does it say add salad cream?
Add salad cream in all caps and a smiley face at the end of it.
Hey, America, that's not even a thing.
That's not a thing.
You made up salad cream for your dumb joke.
You mean salad dressing?
Uh, a special secret sauce.
Why are you, why are you jizzing on your sandwich?
Why are you objectifying lettuce?
Put that away.
How about you just eat it?
How about you just put it in your mouth?
Cause lettuce.
Hey, internet, stop what you're doing.
Put down the mouse, open the front door and walk outside.
And remember that you live in a real world with consequences for your actions.
Call your dad.
Call your dad.
Just call him what you're doing right now.
You're talking about fucking lettuce.
Well, these sure are some hilarious bits, huh?
Yeah.
These bits, real top notch.
I love them and you should too.
But I wanted to take a quick time out to tell you about our sponsors this week.
Couple of them I think you already know about.
If you've listened to the show like ever before, you've probably heard of MeUndies.
But MeUndies is a new way of doing underpants.
And it's quite lovely, quite wonderful.
Not only the patterns, but the execution.
They're committed to making the world's most comfortable underwear.
And as far as I'm concerned, they have done it.
I wear MeUndies and you should too.
Gird your loins with only the greatest underpants in town.
And right now, they're offering 20% off your first order if you go to MeUndies.com
my brother.
And if you don't love them, your first pair is free.
But that's completely unnecessary because you will love them because they are wonderful
underpants.
We also want to tell you about Naturebox.
Naturebox, you know them.
By this point, I'd be amazed if anybody's not already doing Naturebox.
But you should be.
From snacks like peanut butter nom-noms or sriracha cashews and Asiago cheese crisps,
which are my favorite.
Naturebox has over 100 delicious snacks to choose from.
They can get delivered directly to your doorstep.
They release brand new choices every single month.
It's full of flavor, but without any of the junk, the stuff you don't want.
So head to naturebox.com slash my brother and unbox a world of taste and possibility.
If you go to naturebox.com slash my brother, your first box of hand-picked snacks sent
directly to your doorstep.
So trust me, if you haven't already tried it, you'll love it.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
We also want to tell you to check out Scolding the Winds.
Riley is alone after being kicked out of her parents' house at 18, getting herself out
of an abusive relationship and finding comfort only in her vices.
She has no one left to count on, and when her feelings for a colleague begin to grow,
Riley wonders if love is the answer to life's problems, or if it's just one more reason
to pour another drink.
Interested in religion, love, or advertising?
Buy Scolding the Winds.
It's only $5, and it's Joel Kelly's debut novella, and it's just five bucks at Scolding
the Winds dot com.
It sounds really cool to me.
I'm going to check it out.
I think you should too.
Scolding the Winds dot com, that's like winds, like W-I-N-G-S dot com.
Check it out.
Also, do you enjoy puzzle games?
I do.
Well, let me tell you about this one.
Sure, it's your basic cryptogram game, but with runes.
Solve the puzzle by matching each rune to a letter.
Over a thousand puzzles, and all the content is free.
Categories include historical quotes, Shakespeare passages, and King James Bible verses.
Just go to iTunes app store and search for runic cryptogram.
Runic, like tunic, but with an R.
Go check it out.
That sounds really cool and exactly the kind of app I love, so I'm going to check it out.
I also have a message for Kate from Graham.
10 years ago, you chose to marry a man with the same name as your brother, which is absolutely
not weird.
You loved him, fed him, and quietly made his ugly green pants disappear.
Every day, I'm filled with joy and awe that you're my wife.
Here's to the next 10 years of laughter, fashion errors, and whenever possible, naps.
Sweet, sweet naps.
That's awesome, Graham, and Kate sounds like a wonderful person, and it sounds like you're
very lucky to have her, Graham.
You're very lucky.
You don't deserve her.
She's way too good for you.
But yeah, that's really great for you guys.
Congratulations.
And now, back to the show.
I'm ready.
Here comes Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user steveman3015.
That's a pretty good username.
Yeah.
Who asks, what would happen if Uncle Jesse, in parentheses, John Stamos, from Full House,
do, if he got shorted a nugget at McDonald's, say he orders a 20-piece nugget.
He receives his order, he counts the nuggets, and he sees he only received 19 of them.
What would he do?
Now, this could just be a thought exercise that this guy is doing, but I would like to
think that this man, Steveman, has been shorted a nugget, and he's like, I don't know what
to do, and so I have to look.
Where can I look for advice?
Towards John Stamos, Uncle Jesse from Full House.
His WWUJFFHD bracelet.
I think that John Stamos would get really mad at the person behind the counter, but
then, after a moment's thought, he would have mercy.
Jesus.
I think he would-
Have mercy.
Give me another nugget.
I think he would get up, and he would leave the McDonald's restaurant, because he's-
And remember that he's John fucking Stamos.
He's John goddamn Stamos.
Why the hell is he at McDonald's ordering chicken nuggets?
Yeah.
Who could name the original name of Full House?
That's originally called House of Comics was the original bitch, and it was not a good
name.
Sourdough Sweethearts was the original name of the show.
What's with all these dudes?
Yeah.
Yeah, you know what the weirdest thing about Full House is?
If the mom wasn't dead, it would be the weirdest goddamn show on television.
Hey, have you guys seen the new episode of Lazy Uncles?
At one point, one of them was living in the living room.
They just, like, strung up a sheet, and that was his bedroom.
The theme song originally went, everywhere you look, there's an uncle.
There are uncles fucking everywhere.
And you know what's even weirder?
Only Uncle Jesse was related by blood.
Joey was just there.
Just there!
There's a fucking embarrassment of uncles in this household.
A murder of uncles.
That was actually the first title.
The original title was A Murder of Uncles.
Do you know that for seven years, Joey Gladstone would meet a woman at a bar and she would say,
should we go back to your place?
And he would say, I'm not sure that's a good idea.
I live with my friend and his brother-in-law and his three daughters and my brother-in-law's
wife and their twin sons and our dog.
And Kimmy Gibbler from time to time.
And Kimmy Gibbler occasionally.
And also all of my puppets and Popeye toys.
Right.
And I have to record the Rush Hour Renegades to probably get going.
You know, if that show were recorded today, Rush Hour Renegades would be a podcast, right?
And I don't need the competition, frankly.
That's true.
And maybe the Smash Club?
Is that it?
The Smash Club?
The Smash Club lives in their house?
I thought so.
I felt like that show was like some kind of horrific like MC Escher drawing where no one
could escape the house.
Like Uncle Jesse got married and had twins and they put him in the attic.
Yeah.
Well, like some kind of crazy aunt.
Let's also remember that Jesse's last name changed midstream and no one commented on
it.
It did?
So I'm not sure logic and reason hold sway in this.
True.
How do you know so fucking much about Full House Trilogy?
It used to be Jesse Cochran, but John Stamos wanted something that sounded more Greek.
So he picked the most Greek name that there is on the Earth.
Guys, this Yahoo answer was sent in by Chuck Jones.
Thanks, Chuck Jones.
Oh, it's so good.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gary who asks, thongs for men, in parentheses, boy skins?
Hi, I was wondering if anyone knew where the website boy skins is gone.
I wanted to buy a thong form there, but saw they no longer wear up.
I also wanted to buy my son one since he saw mine and wanted to try it.
No, I'm not a pedo.
He's 15 and can speak for himself, thanks.
Thanks, does anyone know where I can buy adult and youth boy thongs?
Thanks.
Oh, God.
Boy skins, if you couldn't tell from my pronunciation, does have a Z up on it.
Is there a Y?
No Y?
There is a Y.
I mean, at the end of boy, but not men skins, not mid skins.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It would have been better if it was B-O-I-Skins-Z, but I was not so lucky.
But trademark ever living.
Mm-hmm, why is this a thing?
Boy skins website?
Everyone in the answers is saying go to Kmart and Walmart as if that's,
how do they, how is that, do they have those there?
I know from personal experience that Walmart does not have sock garters,
so I really doubt they have man thongs.
Can we call them boy skins from now on?
And also can we call our podcast boy skins from now on?
Hey, in the effort to actually give this person a helpful answer,
I just Googled boy skins and boy do I regret it.
I shouldn't have done that.
And if there are any government agents now monitoring my DSL usage, I'm sorry.
Very sorry, I didn't mean to do it.
Is boy skins, I don't see a website called boy skins.
I see a lot of usernames named boy skins and a Yahoo, a YouTube channel called boy skins.
So I'm thinking that this person's trying to start some branding.
Oh, all these accounts are closed.
I'm trying to Nancy Drew this shit, but.
Boy skins just fell off the face, well, fell off the butt of the internet, let's be honest.
About, nope, fuck.
Nope, you can't find boy skins anywhere.
There's a, there's a blog spot called boy skin.
Oh no, don't just go to boy skin at blog spot.
Oh, it's dicks all over dicks for miles.
How could this happen?
Well, you know, in 20 years on an episode of storage wars,
they'll open up a storage container and find this box after box label boy skins.
And they'd be looking at going, you know, the money skins are worth,
that's like a thousand dollars a box right there.
I'm seeing like $6,000 in thongs.
Is that a Hummel boy skin?
I can tell that looks like a Hummel boy skin.
I was hoping that they were going to find the boy skin website.
Cause I was curious how you were going to conceptualize that for me.
Do we have to domain name boy skins?
Underneath, underneath this, what appears to be an elderly woman sewing table folded
up in the shelves here.
There seems to be a website called boy skins.
It's become corporeal.
It looks hungry.
It seems, now this looks like a regular cupboard, but when you open it and go inside,
you exit on the other side into boy skins, the website.
Have a look around its directories and indexes.
You're going to like what you see.
You're going to be horrified at the way you look.
I guarantee it.
So Mr. Tumnus, you look fantastic.
Very svelte.
How did you get the tiny holes over your furry legs, Mr. Tumnus?
That is really doing some, it is shaping you very attractively.
That is the most vivid mental picture I think we've ever created on this show.
Cause I can't, I can't, it's a lot of, it's like-
I can't get it out.
And if you could see in my head, the look Mr. Tumnus is giving me is troubling.
Cause it's angry.
It's not like a seductive look.
He's angry that I'm there.
I'm forming this sentence with my mouth and speaking it with the power from my brain,
but I'm only dedicating about 1% of my brain to that task cause the other 99%
is dreaming up this visage.
And I can't.
I've been meaning to correct you children.
It's pronounced ass land.
Jesus.
Hey, I'm a straight red-blooded American male who in May is serving as best man at my gay
best friend's wedding.
Ceremony itself is very traditional, but I'm stumped when it comes to the bachelor party.
The attendee mix is going to be about 50, 50 straight gay with a few lesbians thrown
in for color.
How do I throw my pal a rainbow colored bachelor party?
Please note that my friend by his own admission is a terrible gay and he's expressed support
on one occasion, a desire to have an Asian lady stripper at his party getting down in
Durham.
Wow.
Wowzers.
I feel like the bulk of it's already planned.
This is a lot-
Asian lady stripper.
I mean, this is a- this is a real tough one.
We don't get many toughies like this.
Ultimately, the easy answer, which is to say the not funny answer, is you give him what
he wants and I guess an Asian lady stripper.
I guess that's what you do.
This is my answer.
The fun answer.
What can't- what can't you do?
God, you're right.
I'm imagining like a- like a coligulin miasma of genital delights.
Just a bacchanal.
Just a-
Yeah.
What's a- what can- what do you want because it's everywhere.
The fucking sky's the limit as far as fucking goes.
Earthly delights.
Put it anywhere.
Happy bachelor party.
Sorry Dave couldn't marry you.
He died last night.
He OD'd on hedonism.
Now he's a- he's a weird sexaholic and he can only love gay dead-
He was drinking wine out of a lady's hair and he was going crazy.
Are we done?
Maybe a cake?
I don't know.
Maybe a tasteful cake.
Some- some balloons?
Hey, welcome to Cake Boss.
This week on Cake Boss, we're making a big cake shaped like a butthole for a gay guy's bachelor
party with an Asian lady stripper gonna pop out of it.
We're making a cake-
This cake looks like a dick going into a cake shaped like a vagina going into a
cake shaped like another vagina.
Cake Boss.
Cake Boss.
Stay tuned for the littlest chocolatiers, by which I mean they're inside the cake.
What the fuck?
I'm making eight dicks today.
Cake Boss.
This isn't even for a party.
This isn't even being filmed right now.
This butthole cake's for Cake Boss. Cake Boss.
This cake's for-
Fucking Cake Boss.
This cake's made of sand and also I'm a ghost.
Yeah.
Guys, this Yahoo answer was- should I- should we Yahoo it?
Yeah, I was about to ask you for one and then you fucking incepted me.
I love it.
This Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa is becoming, quickly, our top gold contributor.
This question was asked by Rezxion.
R-E-Z-X-I-A-N.
Rezek-
Rezektion.
Or perhaps Rejohn.
Oh no.
Rejohn.
Gucci Gucci Vinny Vinny Vinny Vinny Park.
Kreishon asks-
Gucci Gucci Vinny Vinny Vinny Park.
Gucci Gucci Gucci Vinchy Vinchy Marijuana.
What's up with these basic bitches?
Rejohn asks-
If you could assassinate any of the characters of Saved By The Bell, who would it be and how?
Zack, Slater, Screech, Kelly, Lisa, Jessie or Mr. Belding?
I would have to go with-
Probably A.C. Slater.
Oh my god.
You actually answered it.
Well, you know, the funny thing about this is that this is actually how Good Morning
Miss Bliss ended was with the assassination of Miss Bliss, and it was the catalyst of
Saved by the Bell.
That's how Saved by the Bell started.
As I'm going over this...
Hayley Mell's character, Miss Bliss, was assassinated.
As I'm going over this wiki, one of my favorite things that I've learned is that the creators
and writers and the producers and everything don't give two shits about continuity in
the Saved by the Bell universe, because like, so they cancelled Good Morning Miss Bliss
after like 12 episodes and re-launched it to Saved by the Bell, and so then when they
sold it into syndication, they just kind of wrapped the Good Morning Miss Bliss episodes
into it, and they're like, fuck it, no one will notice.
And nobody did.
They're kids, Donald.
They're kids.
Kids are stupid.
They just love Zack's hair, and they love romance between him and Kelly Kapowski.
Did you see?
He said, time out, and he had like a phone and shit.
It's awesome.
Back off.
I would, of course, assassinate Zack, because you do that, the infrastructure crumbles,
and you can slip in there, and then you're the cool guy.
You can't let anyone know you did it.
What you're failing to take into account, Justin, is that all of this is the dream of
Zack Morris, he's staring into a snow globe while his dad and mom sit in the corner going,
he just stares at it all day long.
When he freezes time, he actually is talking to his therapist.
Let's back up really quick, because first off, I don't think you assassinate a Saved
by the Bell character.
I think you can only murder them.
I think if you kill Zack or A.C. Slater, it's a murder and not an assassination, right?
What's the difference?
I thought you were going to say that you can't murder them because they're all vampires.
Well, that, but I don't know.
You can only slay them.
You assassinate a king or a political figure, but you murder a high school student.
I would assassinate Senator Zack Morris.
I mean, to be fair, Zack is basically the king of Bayside High.
I think he may have even referred to himself as such.
That's actually how the high school wars were started, is that Archduke Zack Morris was
assassinated by one of the cast of California Dreams, actually assassinated Archduke Zack
Morris, and that was the start of...
The problem is is that the kids from California Dreams had a signed treaty with the cast of
Hang Loose that said that in the event of war, you have to fight with us, and pretty
soon it just got really hairy.
The Zack Attack Proclamation.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
We all recall.
Let's play a game called...
The shot heard around Bayside.
Let's play a game called Who on Yahoo Answers Scares the Shit Out of Me the Most?
Is it best answer submitter Ot Yowna who replies, AC Slater, I don't know how, but I'd make
it painful.
Whoa.
Okay.
Is it cutiepie1987 who says, Kelly, suffocation on pom-poms.
Wow.
Is it Chris who said, screech, I would choke him, I hate his voice.
Jesus Christ.
Was it James A?
It was James A, who responded, I would handcuff them all together in a circle, then I would
stand in the center wearing body armor and drop a live hand grenade.
Whoever lived would be subsequently beheaded.
Wow.
Wow.
I would watch that movie.
Dear internet, this is Travis.
We're breaking up.
Brynn McDonald 2005 said, Jessie, because she was one of the ones who left for most
of the show and returned only till the end for Kelly and Zack's wedding, I would have
her fall out her window room.
Wow.
Jessie, you fair weather bitch.
Wow.
Yeah, she's there when it suits her.
Yeah.
I would kill Tori Scott because clearly she is a phantasm.
Can we just kill nobody?
Can we not kill anybody on this fictional kids show?
You fuck.
You know what's funny by definition about the phrase, I'm not a sports nut, is that
if you actually use the phrase sports nut, it automatically disqualifies you from the
distinction.
Unless you're Bob Euker.
If you're Bob Euker, he can say he's a sports nut.
Yeah.
Other than that, you don't like sports.
You're saying something you think someone like sports says.
I'm a bit of a sports nut.
I think you could call me a sports nut.
I spend time at the BW3s.
Someone could accurately classify me as a basketball man, a soccerista, a soccerista
in your country.
Well, I don't know what they call soccer.
Footballerino.
Football, footballist, I guess.
What about, no, I got nothing.
I like that honesty.
Polo.
That's what I was going for, polo.
Polo.
We need more horse-based sports.
We need to be more honest about the production of this show, Travis.
I like that.
Hit me.
This one was, this one was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, the Leviathan, who asks, how do you prepare for a staring
contest?
I always get into a staring contest with my cousin when I see him and I want to prepare
to finally beat him over the holidays.
What can I do to become a champ?
This is a good sport you can get into, right?
Step one, training montage.
Staring contest, you're going to, step one, you're going to want to moisturize.
Is applying Visine during a staring contest legal?
Is that allowed?
As long as you don't blink.
If you could do that blink-less.
Then you're a fucking robot with robot eyes.
Yeah.
Oh, robot eyes.
Steve Forbes up in this bitch.
Oh, robot eyes.
If you tap both your eyes out, put some glass in there, you'll never, I don't think you'll
have to moisten them.
Wait, do you mean just like shards of glass or like a fake eyeball?
Glass eyeballs, not shards of glass.
Okay, shards of glass is a very intimidating technique.
Yeah.
I don't see how that helps you.
Did, can I get a clarification on this?
I find that I travel all around this great, great blue globe and people have different
definitions of staring contest.
When I was growing up in my neck of the woods, it was if you blinked, you lose.
If you blinked, you were out.
If you blinked, you're out.
But a lot of people seem to roll with if you smile or laugh, you're out.
It's about keeping a straight face.
No.
Then that could just go on forever.
See Griffin knew what I was talking about though.
Griffin complete.
Yeah, yeah.
I've heard it.
Do you know what it was?
It was a lot of kids were doing it, the original full game version of staring contest and they
were going blind.
They were just going blind.
And so the academia, the public education system of this great nation of ours sort of
enforced the second rule set and taught that to my generation so that our perfect peepers
would remain.
And then when that started to get boring, they introduced Pogs.
They actually recorded a lot of, there was a lot of public awareness.
The same people who did I'm Not Gonna Play Sun City did a tribute song, If You Care Please
Don't Stare.
Yeah.
That was kind of swept the airwaves.
Lionel Richie I think co-wrote that with Andrew Dice Clay, which was kind of a weird pairing.
And then there was the one Stop and Think and then Take a Blink.
Right.
I really liked that one.
Who co-wrote that, Trav?
Because I was trying to remember.
I think that was Elton John and Billy Joel together.
It was amazing.
Okay.
Yeah.
There was a redo of the Donald O'Connor song, Make Them Laugh, Make Them Laugh, colon,
the new rule set for staring contest.
Right.
For God's sakes, Make Them Laugh.
Who co-wrote that?
I forget.
It was originally written by Donald O'Connor, but the new version was written by Rosie O'Donnell.
And Donald Loege.
That's weird.
That's weird.
And I know that there was another one, Song for About Blinking Laugh.
And that one was by Tears for Fears.
That one was by Tears for Fears and Infant Lady Gaga.
Embryo Gaga.
I basically wanted to say Infant Lady Gaga and didn't come up with the part with the
song.
So I kind of, I don't know if you guys could notice, but I kind of flubbed my way through
that.
No, no.
You totally covered it.
Did I nail it?
Malcolm to the Mabim Bam Sausage Factory.
We're taking you inside with director's commentary this week.
Is it weird that when I talk about babies, I have to talk in this voice so I don't wake
up the imaginary baby in my room?
I don't think that's weird.
Okay.
Um, I don't do it.
I don't do it.
I don't.
It's not a conscious decision.
Is there an age cutoff for imaginary baby that you talk to in your room?
I just, I just want to be soft.
Is imaginary baby there right now Griffin?
Babies aren't tough, you know, guys.
So don't get rough.
Let's not get rough with these babies.
Do you ever sit in a, do you have a rocker in your office in which you snuggle and rock
your imaginary baby?
It's not a real, it's not a real imaginary baby.
I'm just saying I talk like there is one.
I know, I know it's not a real imaginary baby, sweetie.
If you wouldn't, if you guys wouldn't mind, just like keep it down, keep your voices down
a little bit.
Um, what's his name?
It's adorable.
His name is Dor, Dor, Dor.
Wait, hold on, did you name your imaginary baby Dwarf?
He sounds like the head of the House of Lannister.
Oh God.
I like the one where your imaginary baby taught me how to play golf.
And Tim Conway has Dwarf.
He's short because he's a baby.
It's an imaginary baby that lives in Griffith's heart.
Dwarf.
You know, when I, when I go, whenever I go hiking, I always bring a big bag of Dwarf.
Delicious.
What about mini golf attendees?
The people who have to like chase off the team.
Windmill winder.
And teens are like fucking on the mini golf course.
Somebody has to chase him off and that's a job that we can get paid for.
Get out of that clown's mouth, you fucking teens.
Yeah.
Dirty, dirty, dirty teens.
Oh shit.
Jesus, it's Dorp.
You kids get out of here.
Get out of here.
I'm an invisible baby.
I'm an invisible baby from Brooklyn.
Get out of that clown's mouth.
I made an invisible boom boom in my typy.
I'm going to call the baby police to have them come get you out.
Baby fireman in the tiny ladders.
And now I sound like a baby hairdresser.
This is baby mini golf so you can't even see it.
It's microscopic.
And it's imaginary baby golf.
Welcome to Dwarf's Mini Mini Imaginary Baby Golf.
I owe it all to my dad, Griffin.
It's so weird.
Now where can I ash this cigar, universally?
Where would be a funny, disrespectful place for me to ash my mini imaginary cigar, Dwarf?
Next time on Invisible Baby, All in the Family.
My child is Edith Bunker.
Let's come back with a Yahoo answer.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield, too.
Thank you so much, Lisa.
Precious.
Precious fan of the year.
Can she just have some money?
Yep.
Someone give her some money.
It was asked by Brian, who asks, is it illegal for me to upload a picture of me with a sword
to Facebook?
I want my default pic to be one of me with the sword I got in eighth grade.
If I do not look threatening, is this illegal?
Any ins and outs I need to be aware of?
P.S.
I will look civilized.
Call Guinness.
This is the first time David has ever looked civilized.
It's me.
I'm wearing a frock, and this is my gentleman's foil.
How civil?
I'm actually, I'm looking at the Facebook rules right now about posting pictures, and
it says to do it, you have to have a really intense look on your face and be holding the
sword somewhere down around your crotch.
You have to have photoshopped fire, like Dragon Ball Z fire, on the sword and possibly in
your eyes, and it has to say something above it, like, Destiny.
And you have to make sure that you've tastefully trimmed your scraggly beard.
If somebody could photoshop us, pictures of us like that, I will make it my favorite.
I want nothing but Dragon Ball Z photoshops of us.
Fire, swords, beards.
There's fire and swords, laser beams, tails.
Maybe he meant civilized, which is to look like Sybil Shepard.
I like the idea of civilized better, like us in full 1930s military regalia with an
epe in one hand and a tea sandwich in the other.
Very fancy.
I used to own swords, everybody.
I still have swords.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm just not gonna like take Facebook.
It's like, I mean, there's lots of, okay, I have a crockpot, but if my Facebook picture
is me holding a crockpot above my head like, yes!
Look at it!
This is me!
This is me in 2012 with a crockpot, small about it.
Like it doesn't matter, like putting it in your Facebook picture is, it defines you.
I mean, it is your, that is your, your outside message to the world, right?
Well, I think if you're the kind of person that owns swords, then you're the kind of
person that owns swords and there's no getting around that.
You know, I have, I have a sword and you guys want to know a secret?
Not.
I mean, this is really dicey, but I'm going to, I'm going to go with yes.
I would never own a gun.
But I see nothing wrong with keeping a sword by the bed for protection.
Is this about to get, are we about to have an argument about the lethality of swords?
No, no, no.
I'm just saying like, I, I see no, I would like to envision a circumstance in which a
criminal breaks into my house and has a gun and I draw a sword.
You're telling me you could more easily stab a stranger with a giant sword than you could
shoot a stranger.
Like, you sever their-
No, I'm hoping that they're shocked.
You stab them in the guts and then you see it.
You see everything.
You watch their intestines spill out across your Davenport.
I can do a pretty deep lunge and I feel like it'll be really intimidating.
That's, Travis, that's the most fucked up thing you've ever said out loud.
I don't think that's true.
Why don't you just keep a heavy rock next to the bed, fucking you Lord of the Fly psychopath?
I keep that under the couch.
I just want to, I would just like to, I don't want my kids getting hurt, but I would like
the feeling of crushing a man's skull with my bare hands.
So I'll just keep a big rock next to my bed.
Now the floor does open up into a sort of boo boo box scorpion trap.
But it's that, I mean, guns, yuck.
Not for me.
Travis, you do have to do me a favor, though.
If you ever get into this imaginary situation, you gotta tube it for me.
I gotta see what happens.
Seriously, I will make a whole Bravo series about that night you did that dumb thing.
That's fair.
Yeah.
I, I, do you, okay, if you have the sword and they are like, they see you, okay?
What?
Describe that very next.
This is how I picture it going.
It's a very slow burn down to their gun and then they slow burn down to my sword and then
they drop the gun and just start backing away.
Okay.
That's how I hope it pans out.
You have, why?
Why would that happen?
Because otherwise they shoot me in the face.
Yeah.
I mean, no, definitely I'm pretty well versed in the actual thing that will definitely really
happen.
I'm kind of curious.
Why do you think they're going to take me sort of inside and why you think they're going
to see this?
Well, I also have the true faith that like in an emergency situation, I would just immediately
be able to have like the, the Dragon Ball Z fucking superpowers.
Yeah.
I just feel like it.
Ninja would just come upon me and I would just move like a fucking bullets would come
up on you.
You would be dead.
Oh man, got to tube that for me.
Before we let you go real quick, we want to remind you to go check out MeUndies.
It's simple.
Just go to MeUndies.com slash MyBrother, all one word, and you get 20% off your first order.
It's incredibly comfortable underwear.
You're going to love it.
I guarantee it.
Also, you go check out NatureBox where you can order hundreds of great tasting snacks.
You can go to NatureBox.com slash MyBrother to sign up for a sampler box of great tasting
snacks.
You should do it already.
I don't know why you haven't done it, but go do that.
If you would like to have a spot on the money zone, just go to MaximumFun.org forward slash
Jumbotron and it'll get you all set up there.
We can wish someone a happy birthday, happy anniversary, or tell someone about your website
or your product or whatever.
Go check it out.
We also want to say thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme
song.
It's a departure off of the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's an incredible album.
I listen to it all the time.
You should too.
By this point, I think we've been pushing it for about 230 episodes.
You should go listen to it.
Why haven't you done it yet?
It's so good.
We also want to say go listen to the other amazing MaximumFun.org shows.
They're all incredible.
There's some on there that I think everybody will like.
Go check out Sawbones.
Check out Stop Podcasting Yourself, Can I Pet Your Dog?
We got this.
Bunker Buddies, a whole bunch of them.
Next week's episode is going to be our switchover episode.
When you tune in, you'll hear Cameron Esposito and Jesse Thorn and Dave Holmes on My Brother,
My Brother and Me.
You can tune in to hear us on Jordan, Jesse Go.
You can also tune in to hear us and our dad Clint on The Flophouse.
You can tune in to hear The Flophouse guys on The Adventure Zone.
It's a very exciting week.
Baby Geniuses is switching with Bunker Buddies and it's craziness all around, so go check
them all out.
Also, if you haven't already, go check out Justin's food review show, Things I Bought
at Sheets on YouTube.
It's amazing.
Sheets like S-H-E-E-T-Z.
It's really funny.
He does it with our buddy Dwight.
It's hilarious.
Start from the beginning.
There's a weird through line that I think you're going to love.
You should also check out Trends Like These, a podcast I do with my friend Brent where
we talk about what's trending on the internet.
You can find it at trendslikethese.com.
I think that's going to do it for us this week.
And now let's throw it to Griffin with a final yahoo.
But thanks for listening.
We love you.
Thanks everyone.
This final yahoo was sent in by Gali Ayali.
Thank you Gali.
It's by Yahoo!
Answers user Turn who asks, would Christianity be as popular as it is today if the Jesus
was depicted more like Danny DeVito?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is where my brother and me kiss your dad way out of the way.
