The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
The new recipe crust from Domino's.
My tiger print silk pants.
Um, those pop-tarts that don't have frosting on them.
Asian people.
Old car smell.
Old Asian people smell.
We are thankful for so much here at My Brother, My Brother, and Me. We just wanted to take a moment
to express the things that we are thankful for. Now, was what I just said racist? No. No.
It's a celebration. You love the smell of like Pat Morita and all other old Asian people. He's
dead. He's dead as fuck, isn't he, Pat? Yeah, I would not enjoy that smell, I think.
I don't like it. This is Thanksgiving week at My Brother, My Brother, and Me. Just give a thanks
saying, have you taken a moment to say like, this is what I'm thankful for. I'm thankful for that
guy on my Facebook that only posts pictures that he found like that got forwarded to him by his
grandpa. It's like, look at this girl. Can you believe how chubby she is and she's in a wedding
dress like that guy. I'm thankful for him because he makes me feel pretty good about my whole whole
deal. Yeah, I'm thankful for the people that every time you talk about how much you're looking
forward to Thanksgiving, they remind you about, you know, genocide and stuff. Do you have people
in your life like that? Yes, I do. Well, not anymore. Griffin, what is the Turkey Day procedure
like in Texas? Everything's bigger there. Are there like giant... Do you know how turkeys are
descended from raptors? Yeah. That's basically what we're working with down here is raptors
sized turkeys. You have to... Just turkeys lying on the shelves the size of sumo brand bean bag
chairs. You gotta come at them from the side, these turkeys, because they're so big. They're
goblers. They will just swing their goblers around like flesh maces. They'll take you down.
Is that what those things are called? Gobblers? I think they're called waddles. Waddles? Waddle
gobble. Waddle gobblers. I made an ascot out of a waddle gobbler once. Oh yeah? Yeah, Tim Gunn
panned it. He said no. That guy is so authoritative. He looked at me. He looked at me in the eye and he
was like, make it jerk. And I was like, you're hurting my feelings, but that wasn't like a good
burn. You didn't do it. That's like a good burn. Did not sense Tim. Yeah, Tim. Timothy. Are you drunk,
Tim? I'm super drunk. Justin. Favorite Thanksgiving food? Go. Sweet potato casserole. Me too.
Right there with you, Travis. Hey, everybody. Is it all right if I, I mean. No, give us the
dissenting. We have given the main and concurring opinions. It's pumpkin roll. Oh, pumpkin roll?
Yeah, the dessert. Pumpkin roll. Let me see your pumpkin roll. It's a pumpkin log though, isn't it?
I always, I prefer. That sounds unappetizing. Pumpkin roll. Anything with log in it always
sounds gross. Now this could be, I don't know if this is a, a, a Baptist thing, a Southern thing,
what part of our, our raising this reflects. If you don't eat, uh, your, your, uh, sweet potatoes
with, uh, pecans and brown sugar on top. What are you doing? I, what are you doing?
What if they're allergic to pecans? Yeah, eat it anyway. Suck it up. Suck it up. Have yourself some,
some pumpkin pie and epinephrine. Like just chill out. Yeah, I, it's one day a year. Treat yourself.
If you were putting marshmallows on that, I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get what you're
doing. Aren't you thankful? That, that seems to me like when people tell me that that's like,
it just seems like, and then I put some ice cream cake on top of it and then I covered in chocolate
chip. You're an adult eating with pecans and brown sugar. Yeah. Something sweet, but it highlights
the nutty. This is an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin. Hey guys, let's get right into the advice. I'm dating a girl right
now and things aren't going so well. Problem is that she thinks things are going fantastic.
We started, this isn't funny, sorry. When we started dating when we were 16 and now we're 21,
I would love to start seeing other people and doing single guy things. I know breaking up with
her is going to kill her, but at some point I have to put my happiness first, right? How can I let
her down as easily as possible without ruining our lifelong friendship? Oh no, no, no, no,
so many misconceptions. No, this isn't funny. Let's answer the last question first. How can
you let her down as easily as possible without ruining your lifelong, your long friendship?
You can't. You can't. Goodbye, friend. Surprise. Goodbye. You know how people say like,
I didn't want to date him because we were close friends. I didn't want to ruin it. This is what
they mean. They mean this. To be fair, to be fair, they have been together for five years,
so it's not like, well, this didn't work out. They were together for five years. I mean,
five years of good good lovin' is roughly equivalent to one lifelong friendship, I feel like.
I think you are being greedy for wanting more out of this relationship than is natural,
than is reasonable. She ain't gonna wanna have shit to do with you, and honestly, I will tell
you, in all seriousness, we've had some fun here today, but in all seriousness, you are doing her
a disservice by trying to stay in her life, I feel like. If she wants that at some point,
that might be one thing, but you're gonna have to just pull the bandage off and leave. I mean,
just that's the situation. You guys have been together now from your teens, and now you're
entering adulthood, and one of the lessons you learn as an adult is sometimes for the greater
good, you gotta hurt somebody, and there is no way that you can end this and have it end easily
and nicely, and you guys are like, okay, cool. Do you wanna go get some frozen yogurt? You guys
aren't going to be the same kind of friends after this. Just get okay with the fact that,
I'm assuming she's also, yeah, she's 21. Get okay with the fact that she is 21 years old,
and this probably isn't going to be the worst thing that ever happens to her,
even as far as romantic things go. There's a whole lot of other shit coming down the path.
The most important thing is, don't let her listen to this, because there's not a way to do it,
but you just gotta sit her down in person, and it's gonna be, I mean, it's gonna suck,
but you've given each other five years of your life. That hurts. That sucks.
This is almost literally like surgery. No one's really excited to go under the knife and be put
out and everything, but you're cutting this part of your life away. It sucks, but it's necessary.
You have to do it. Yeah, there's no anesthesia. Well, there is.
You're 21 now. You're 21 now. There's adult anesthesia. It's just gonna suck. You're just
gonna have to sit down and say, but be direct about it, be honest about it, and just say that
she's great, and it's just she's not the right person for you. As great as she is, it's not.
I mean, that's gonna suck for her to hear. It sucks to get dumped. It sucks, it sucks, it sucks,
but you're right in that you're not doing anybody a favor by staying in a relationship. You're not
happy yet. That's not good for her. It's not good for you, and she's quickly arcing past
her sexual prime. Oh, you got it. You've got to let her. She has like another six months. She's
got six months tops. Stop. What is the prime? What's the prime? When is it? Well, for girls,
they peak at like 21, and then they're done by 22, and then they have like 20 low years,
and then they come back up 40, and they're cougars. Yeah, they're banging. I think 21.5
is the prime. That's the target. It is a prime number. Jesus. What is it for men?
For men? It's 12. 12 and then 76. 12 to 14, then we're out of it for a few years. 12 to 14 is like
your middle school teachers. Those ladies are like, hey, I see what he's cooking up.
The scrambled up spice channel. Then you drop out from like 14 to, if memory serves, about 25.
You're kind of out of the game, and then once you get out of college,
I hope you've latched on to somebody by then. Yeah, by the time you get out of college,
you have like three days of sexual crime. I have a chart somewhere. I'll show you
sometime, Griffin. It's a sliding scale. Here's the point. We're all past it. Long story short,
we're old. It's basically like the lifespan of a fruit fly. That's how long we have to mate,
really. Darius, no, but here's the thing about this. You should dread it. You are not going to
get out of it easily. You are not going to. You're not going to get out of it without ruining your
friendship. It is what it is, but you have to accept that sooner rather than later so you can
get to the actual doing of it. Because after it's done, you are going to feel a lot better,
and she will be better in the long run, even though she won't feel better for a much longer time.
There's also a good chance the problem of she thinks things are going fantastic is that that is
a defense mechanism because she feels that you are drifting away. So that idea of trying to keep
things going as well as maybe they went in the past. So she probably knows that something is
going wrong. Something's gone awry. Right. Something's gone askew, but you got to do it.
Is there a polite, non-offensive way to ask if someone is gay? I have a friend, and everyone who
hangs out with him thinks he might be gay, but of course no one wants to ask him. It's not that we
care one way or the other what his sexual orientation is. We just want to know, but it
doesn't seem like something you could ask point blank, wondering in Wisconsin. I would argue you
do care one way or the other because you want to know. You understand? Right? I mean, if you didn't,
like, I don't care what the special is at Tudor's Biscuit World tomorrow, and as a result,
I have not endeavored to unearth that information. Here's what you're going to need to do.
It's stewed tomatoes. You're going to need to set up like a kickball game,
and then when you're establishing teams, you say, everyone who's straight is on that team,
and everyone who's gay is on that team. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. I think that's
pretty good. Oh, God. Just a quick straw poll. Anybody here gay? And if he raises his hand,
you know that he is. Yeah, that's a good trick. That is great. What I find funny about this idea
of wanting to ask this, is that when you meet someone that you think is straight,
you don't ask them if they're straight. Hey, what's up? You straight? Huh? Huh? Like,
I don't know. Maybe the reason that he doesn't go around telling people whether he's gay or
straight is he doesn't want to be identified by sexual preference. That could be it. Yeah.
That's what are you even talking about? That is how I define myself, is a straight. Hey,
everybody. I'm straight Travis. Hi, I'm Griffin, and I like ladies. To be fair, that was also the
name of my spoken word album. Straight Travis. Straight Travis, no chaser. That was a really,
I thought you were doing some really bold work there. Thank you so much. The one segment where
you just whistled the theme song to mash for like 15 minutes. I thought it was a really,
really impressive statement. And you know, that was one take. No kidding. Yeah. No chapping.
No, not at all. I had a, an assistant with a spray bottle. Okay. Just keeping it moisturized.
Yeah. That visual image is bad for me. You know, you can't do a hundred percent water blend. You
have to do a 99% water, 1% Vaseline blend to keep it. That's actually what the Occupy Wall Street
protests are about. They're about luby lips? They're about the 99% water, just letting everybody
know. Make sure you have 1% Vaseline. This is the gobbledygook, what you're saying right now.
I'm going to flip it. The gobbler. Don't, do not ask if your friend is gay.
Oh, of course not. No, don't do that. Oh, real quick, just to jump back. Yeah, don't do that.
Either they're not gay and you're going to offend them, or they are gay and maybe they don't want
to tell you that. Just mind your own, you got to mind your own business and you can't have a big
deal out of it. Here's how it goes. It goes one of a few ways. One, no, I'm not gay. Why would you
think that? Whoa. That's a weird conversation you're going to get into. Other option. Yeah,
I am gay. Why did you want to know? Are you gay too? Are we going to be, do you want to go on
like a date or something? Not saying that like that is the immediate conclusion, but that would
be the only reasonable reason. That's the only reasonable reason somebody should be asking.
Even the middle of the road, if he's a gay, why does that matter to you? Because it shouldn't.
Just crack, you know, I'm just, uh, just want to crack, crack the case. I just want to, I just
want to make sure you were different from me is all crack the case. When a, uh, when a gay person
is sired, they, they will actually, uh, ask out the, the, just the very next person that they see.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's totally, it's a, it's a totally weird biological imperative. I don't,
I don't understand it, but I like it. That's the only reason, that's the only reason, uh,
Ellen DeGeneres was dating Portia de Rossi. Yeah. Yeah. She's just an expert. She hove it into her
field of vision. She's watching Arrested Development and like a baby chick who hatches.
Ellen was like, whoa, I'm gay at ports. I got it. No, I think that my, well, I think that it's the
opposite of that situation. Oh, okay. Cause that is the only thing that makes sense. Portia de Rossi.
Uh, yeah. You with me now? Can we, hold on. Okay. Now, no, hold on. Ellen DeGeneres is a very
attractive woman. What are you talking about now? She is aging very well. She is, she is well
preserved. You can tell she's got her, uh, her water Vaseline blend down. Oh yeah. Right. I don't
like really, you don't get to be, you don't get to be like a talk show superstar unless you have
your Vaseline water blend down. Look at Dr. Phil. He is half Vaseline. Look at that. Look at him
glisten and you could tell star power coming out his, his well hydrated bottom. I learned that in
the classic biography, Straight Oprah. Yeah. Straight Oprah and her chaser. You know, I love
that 15 minute whistling solo she does in that album. This is a very cyclical episode. I heard
it was all one take. That's true, but she had to have an assistant there with a spray bottle.
Yeah. Do you guys want to Yahoo to stop this please? Desperately. This one was, this one was
sent in by Jacob blocker. Thanks Jacob. It's by Yahoo answers user Edward Alec, who asks,
could I eat an entire bag of pizza rolls without dying?
My friend says I'll die or something. If I eat an entire bag of pizza rolls, 90 count,
but I know that it's complete poppycock. I'm a 15 year old girl. Who's 125 pounds. Will I die?
Doubt it. Get sick. Probably. I have a bigger problem than 15 year old girl using the word
poppycock. Yeah. What are you doing? So let me do a little quick math here. Okay. 90 pizza
roll. It totally matters. If it's Totino's, everyone knows that those roll. Are they,
are they super stuffed? Yeah. Are they straight cheesy? Are they pepperoni? Because I don't know
that your liver will be able to process all of the, the fat, the unsaturated saturated triple
meat. What if it's double meat? Well, triple triple triple would be our triple meat. So if
you're looking at one's more sausage, if you're looking at pepperoni, which I think is the only
sort of, yeah. I mean, that's the only reasonable thing that in a 15 count bag, no nine doing
90. I know. No, I'm doing a little math here. Count bag. You're looking at a 7.5 ounces. Okay.
Well, that's not that many. No, that doesn't seem that bad. Then multiply that by eight,
six, six, seven point five times six times four times six equals 45 ounces. That's the by that
by 16. It's about 12 pounds. We're talking. Okay. Well we're talking about three pounds of pizza
rolls basically. Man, that's going to be a rough night. What kind of day did you have
that you need to drown it in pizza rolls? Pizza in the morning, pizza after school time,
pizza, never a goddamn gin. Cause that one time I ate 90 pizza rolls. What I like is if,
Griffin, could you read me the last sentence again? Uh, will I die? Doubt it. Get sick.
Probably. So she knows that it is a bad idea, but she will at least get sick. Well, if,
if sorry, if you're, if you were asking yourself the question, will this thing kill me? And your
answer is doubt it. That means there's a shadow of a doubt in your mind that yes, in fact,
eating nine pounds of pizza. You know what though, Griffin, I would say that
that man could have safely stayed on the surface of the earth and just stared at the
moon for the rest of his life. But he was willing to risk it. I'm saying that find out what would
happen eating that Travis is saying this because Travis's daily diet is rated by how much the
likelihood that it will kill him. I'm saying bacon and applesauce, maybe Travis using your
space metaphor, eating three pounds of pizza rolls is going to be going to the moon is going to be
the challenger actually is what's going to happen. Oh no. Oh no. Oh golly. Three pounds of pizza
rolls. It's going to be that fucking, it's going to be gluttony from seven. You're going to die
fat on a table and Brad Pitt's going to be like, Oh gross. I'm so thin and he's so fat.
High school. Three pounds of pizza rolls. Imagine when you do have to go to the hospital,
the doctor's like, we have a patient here. She's got an overdose of flavor. She's got flavor. She's
got terminal flavor. She's been flavor blasted. She's got that Italian zest. Oh, I hit her right
in all the right places. I tell you what's definitely going to be, what's definitely
going to happen is your mom is going to get pissed because you ate all the fucking pizza rolls.
We were saving that from pizza roll night. She just got that at Sam's club. She's got to go all
the way back out to the goddamn Sam's. Why the fuck did I even get the Sam's club membership?
I could have just bought you four bags of pizza rolls at the Walmart and all the Vaseline's gone.
Don't you know the blend? All right. Nine to one. Nurse get me the disaster. This woman ate the
Super Bowl. Please. Jesus. What if she accidentally messes up her digestive system so much that she
can no longer be full unless she eats three pounds of food? Like she stretches it out to a point of
no return. Right. Exactly. Just looks like a colostomy bag hanging out of her navel. All I
can picture is that she's just finished the 89th pizza roll and her greasy slimy hands are clutching
the 90th as she's like shaking and sweating. And she's fallen over at this point because she is
as fat as she is tall. And she's rolling around like violet Beauregard and still she finishes
the bag. Wouldn't it be? That was a real great dismount. You know, this sounds like an episode
of my favorite show on TV right now, which is suicide. Watch man versus food. It's like man
versus food, but instead of going to restaurants and trying their food challenges, he just buys
a lot of shitty food and then tries to eat it at home in the dark. All right, today I went around,
took a long time, but I collected every type of Pringles that there are. If the first half was him
buying the food he was going to destroy with and the second half was watching him eat it as sounds
of silence played in the background, I think I would be really into that show. Only if they had
a special sound effect every time an attendant at the grocery store said, can I help you? And
you just look at him and go, yes, please. Somebody, I need someone. Sir, I think you have enough
Pringles. I think over the credits he should be, he should say like, oh well, because I have to
keep on living. And like over the credit should just be him trying to uncancel his dentist's
appointment and the battle of man versus food. Everyone loses. I really want this show to be
made now. I want to see, I want to see a man astride a mountain of hot pockets just yelling
that God is dead. This is what I want from television. Give me that. I just want to see
a man surrounded by an ocean of empty Pringles cans just saying, I thought the fun would never
stop. Yeah, but it did. Once I popped, I couldn't stop until I died, until I died, until I was
finally shuffled off this mortal coil. Take me there Pringles man. Here's the sad thing about
all this. Okay. Now I'm really wanting pizza rolls. I could really go for some pizza rolls
and Pringles for lunch. That'd be great. What's the like five o'clock cocktail rule for pizza rolls?
How early is too early for pizza rolls? There's nothing, it's never too early. If pizza, if Bagel
Bites can rock the like pizza in the morning thing, then I don't see why they have more of
a claim on it than pizza rolls. Do you know the coffee commercial where someone like starts a pot
and it like wakes everyone in the house up? I would like to make that pizza rolls commercial,
but then everyone comes downstairs and they're just like, what the fuck? What the fuck? It's
nine in the morning. What's the matter with you, Tony? Jesus. You know, Congress just declared
pizza a vegetable. So technically it's like, it's like a pizza, it's like a vegetable roll.
You're starting the morning off with your, it's like a V8, a crunchy V8. Are you fucking kidding
me? Is that a goof? That thing you just said? No. Congress declared that pizza is a vegetable
because of food lobby. Red is now a number. What are you doing in Congress, Congress?
Maybe Congress was just rubber stamping a bunch of stuff without really reading it all the way
through. And then like the next day they're like looking in the paper and it's like pizza,
vegetable, and I'm like, damn it. God damn it. We're not going to be able to put the genie back
in the bottle this time guys. Yeah. Pizza's unvegetable. Congress declares, listen, we were
really baked. Yeah. What's the point in, we rolled a big vegetable and smoked it. Can't we just leave
that up to science? Can't we let science declare what is and is not or logic or the church. I think
separation of church and state, you, you let the church decide what's a vegetable or not. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh God. Unclean. Just wash it. It's just DDT. Just wash it off. That's fine. Not a big deal.
Hey, a lot of people say, guys, you, you are famous. Don't you have famous friends that you
can bring on your show? Don't they need advice from time to time? Why are you keeping them out?
Why are you in my room? Why are you in my room? Get out of here. And then we say,
but you have a point before you go. We should admit that you, you do have a point. Uh, so we
asked some of our famous friends how we could help them. This week we have a question from our dear
friend, a video game parodyist, humorist, singer, songwriter, Brentle Floss. Uh, and let's listen to
his query right now. Hey there, three ME bros. So I've worked from home for a little over a year now.
The majority of my weekday time is spent in my room. I've recently started to worry that maybe
the lack of social interaction isn't good for me. And I remember that at least one of you works from
home. So do you have any tips for how I could continue working from home, but still be a healthy,
productive person? Thanks a bunch. Schlappy the wonder taint. Working from home.
It's a, it's a mixed blessing. I think more blessing than, than curse. I've been, uh,
working out of my house, uh, for, for I guess three years now. Um, it is really hard not to
turn into a little bit of a little bit of a hermit. It gets a little hard to deal with the
emotions of people in the real world. Like, cause you're used to kind of controlling everything
like a hermit, you know, you get, you get to, you see the allure of the lifestyle,
the hermit lifestyle, and it's kind of hard to run away from it. You start to watch extreme
coup bonding and go, yeah, I get it. I get it without the, without the aid of emoticons.
I just don't know. I don't know what expressions people are giving me. I don't know. That's
actually Jerry Griffin carries around a book of facial expressions. Uh, just so you can compare
what people are trying to convey. Your eyes look like semicolons. So that must mean you're trying
to fuck. Um, I, I, you do have to make every concession to have human contact when possible.
I used to think that meant when I heard the FedEx truck pull up running outside to maybe just strike
up a combo, but it's gotta be more substantial than that. Hi Deb, if you're listening by the way.
Mine's Marty. Thanks for all the packages. That's crazy. Marty is your dude? Yeah,
he's really great. Um, sometimes it's a new person. I'm like, hey, get out of here.
Where's Marty? Let Deb bring, bring Deb back. You gotta do your laundry. That's important.
You're going to feel the need to not do it because who gives a fuck? You gotta,
you gotta divorce yourself from the ideology of fuck it. You can't, you can't give into fuck it.
Who have I got to impress today? Uh, in computer because then when people come over to visit and
they can't open the door because of the stacks of newspaper. Yeah, exactly. You are at a constant
Griffin. So right. You have to constantly be making the choice to not fuck it. You have to
be making the choice to say, I'm not fucking it today. Today I'm putting it, I can't, this is a
true, true. I joke a lot about, you know, I work it out of my house somewhere and sweat pants all
the time. I can't wear sweat pants or my, I don't have a workday. They're like, they're like kryptonite.
Like I wear them. It's like I lose, lose all my ability to function as an adult. So wear real
pants. That really helps shower, shower by at least 10 o'clock or at the most 10 o'clock. And,
and you got to put on real big boy clothes and you got to pretend that maybe your desk is next
to a super cute girl's desk and you want to try and impress her with your good posture. You know,
let me ask you guys this cause I do not work from home nor have I ever. So let me ask you this. Do
you guys set up like a, a work schedule? Do you know that at a certain time your workday is done
and you can, is it like homeschooling? I kick it, I start kicking it at nine. At one I take a shower
or no, I'm sorry. That's when I lunch it. And then, and then I'm out by five or six,
depending on the workload. Now how much of that time is spent hiding from the boss?
I don't understand. How much, a large amount of my day is spent flirting with Rebecca from
accounting, which is weird. Standing around the water cooler. Standing around the water cooler,
just gossiping. God, it's so sad to see me gossip. You should see it.
I like to, I'd like to talk about the voice with anyone who will listen,
but unfortunately I'm the only person at home. So I usually just wait for Marty to come by.
I say, Hey, thanks for the package. Just check the voice last night.
But he never did. He never watches it. I don't think he has a TV.
Christmas gift this year. It's, you gotta put, I don't understand these people by the way,
who are putting off their showers. Me, I get up. My day does not start until I shower. I can't do
anything until I've gotten the, just washed off the night and the day freshly.
Wash off the sea salt grime from the docks. The crying myself into my pillow to sleep.
After judging through the seedy underbelly of Huntington, West Virginia.
Yeah. After an ecstasy fueled night of raving, you got to get the ecstasy sweat off.
Just wash the glitter off. It won't come off. You wipe off the grease paint.
The glow in the dark. You cry in the mirror.
Glow in the dark highlighter all over your arms. The residue from candy necklaces.
Five different bracelets from five different dive bars.
Seaman. Strange seaman.
Well, okay. You might've taken it a bit too far.
This is a weird seaman. This feels like a 99% 1% bachelor.
Peculiar. What does this seaman look like to you?
Peculiar. It looks to me like the state of Montana.
I want to do anything other than continue this conversation. So let's go.
Let's go to the money zone.
Oh, this is a special one. This is our dear, dear, dear friends,
Lindsey and Devin Pavlis. And I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
Cause they truly are wonderful people. It is a happy one year anniversary,
birthday, and Thanksgiving. It's a triple holiday. And he says, I love you.
Triple holiday wife. This is a great value I think he's gotten here.
Cause he is really covering all his bases right now.
You know, the federal government could really learn something from Devin.
Let's stack a few more on there. We're close enough to Christmas,
I think that we can throw Christmas up in the mix.
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Hanukkah. Happy Candle Nights.
Happy Candle Nights, everyone.
Happy Candle Nights, everyone. It's coming around the bend so fast.
I'm just, I'm happy that these two people are on the earth.
Me too. They're great people. They make my life a little better.
I'm glad they found each other in this crazy mixed up world.
It's so hard.
So hard to find someone.
Against all odds.
Against all odds. So happy birthday. Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Candle Nights. Happy anniversary.
And just in case anyone was wondering, I've decided that from henceforth,
the one year anniversary is the podcast anniversary.
Okay.
Does he get him a podcast?
So everybody make your plan ahead now.
Get your requests in early.
I'm Jesse Thorne. Whether it's music, movies, comedy, books, or whatever,
each week I talk to creative people about how they make their thing.
About the moment when their craft went from a hobby to a career.
And about the thing that surprised them most about the process.
It's The Sound of Young America from MaximumFun.org and PRI.
Public Radio International.
Guys, I have a pressing answer that we need to press.
Okay.
Good.
It's by, oh, I did not read this name.
I'm just going to run right at it.
Mike Skolendulis.
Thanks. Thank you, Mike S.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Salim, who asks...
Skolendulis sounds like something you chant before a football game.
That's what it's gonna say!
Skol-go-do-do-do-do-do!
It is by Yahoo Answers user, Salim, who asks...
What are the risks of at-home circumcision?
My girlfriend gets freaked out by my aunt, Peter Wiener.
I am going to police her and get a circumcision, but I don't have health insurance.
I will do it tomorrow after school, but I want to know what the risks are.
He says I will be using alcohol and scissors, but that is so dumb that I can't believe it's true.
Did he say it's so dumb, or did you say it's so dumb?
That was my own editorializing, I apologize.
Okay.
Ed note.
Okay.
Ed note.
This guy is fucking out of his mind dumb.
Oh, God, I guess the biggest risk is that he doesn't die from it.
Yeah.
What are the risks?
All of them.
All of the risks.
This is nothing but risks.
Like, the whole thing is a risk.
It's all risk, no reward.
What are you doing?
Don't double down.
It was okay.
I took a huge risk so that I could have a mangled penis.
Yeah.
I mean, unless you did it...
And here you go, sweetie.
I got...
I care about you so much.
I did...
Every night, I was like, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it, I don't want to do it.
I'm treating you to a poorly crafted turtleneck sweater.
Like, with fraying at the edges.
My poorly sculpted member.
The reward is, if he does it right, you have a clean and healthy penis tip.
No toboggan required.
Yeah.
But...
And that's a great look.
It's a great...
It's totally in this season.
Streamlined.
It's streamlined.
That's really the only thing that's going for it, I guess.
Yeah.
You can just...
It makes the tip of your penis look like Joe Pesci's head in Home Alone.
Yeah.
Which is really nice.
Oh my god.
After he gets his head burned by the...
Oh man.
Yeah, I know.
Fuck, I can think of...
Oh god, I can think of exactly what you're talking about.
Now I can't...
Time for you to meet the wet bandit.
Oh, it's sticky.
Is it sticky bandit?
It's sticky bandit the first time, then they become the wet bandit.
They become the wet bandit.
Well, they find the right mixture of Vaseline and water.
Fuck.
Downtown.
The risks are actually...
This may surprise...
No risk.
Nothing could possibly go wrong.
You have actually...
Yeah, there is actually no...
There are so many risks, you've actually negated the risk.
The risks all cancel each other out.
It's like algebra.
Algebra of dumb.
It's like that scene in the cartoon where somebody goes flying off a ledge and
and bounces past the glass factory and over the tack truck and into the pillow canal.
That's what's gonna happen.
What you've set yourself up with right now is a sleepwalking olive oil situation.
Just baby hearing all the way.
You're fine.
It's like a baby...
Basically, it's a baby's day out of dumb shit to do your penis.
Oh god.
It's a penis day out.
You are gonna need...
Hey, Chris Columbus, you're welcome for all these goddamn residuals that slide in today.
Chris Columbus, you make me so sad.
You are going to need the sharpest scissors and all of that.
And the steeliest will.
Yeah.
And steel wool to just get it around.
What you really can't do is get halfway through and give up.
Just looks like a banker's visor down there.
Are you wearing a surgeon's mask?
What's going on?
It's like a bloomin' onion down there.
You got some hanging chad, it looks like.
I got a Pez dispenser for penis.
The only thing it dispenses is...
Is he wearing a fanny pack?
What's going on down there?
Fanny pack, look.
It's cool.
It's like a visor.
It's like a motorcycle helmet.
You just lower it.
No risk.
No risk.
Actually.
To make your shroud of yuck.
I would like to get a follow up on this, though.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to that kid's dad.
It would just be a Yahoo answer that just read, oh no.
There's blood everywhere.
I newly single, got a Joe Pesci penis down there.
And I just went to work and I meet some ladies who are forgiving.
Hey, hey, don't do this thing.
If you're listening, sir, don't do it.
It's good for us, but bad for you.
I honestly don't think it's good for us.
I think that like karmically, like from a Zen point of view, this is going to negatively
affect everyone in the world.
This one decision, like a butterfly flapping its wings.
This is a snake eating its own horribly ruined dick.
Get your mouth off of there, snake.
Why is everybody?
Can I?
Are we living?
OK, between this and the pizza roll challenge lady, I can't help but wonder, is there some
like primal instinct need for adventure that is not being met, that we are somehow trying
to generate danger in our lives?
Like somehow it's overriding common sense to give us the feeling of being threatened.
Like we need it.
This kid is cutting off the tip of his penis to feel alive.
Instead of going like spelunking or whitewater rafting, you ruin your, you ruin, you ruin
your treasure.
You ruin your gift.
That was your gift.
That God gave.
That was your perfect flower.
God gave you that gift to give to a special, your wife.
And you know what you did?
You unwrapped it early.
You unwrapped that gift.
You took the bow off.
Took the bow off.
Took the bow off.
And then stabbed it over and over again.
Now it just looks like those paper caps that you put on turkey legs at Thanksgiving.
Now he's just going to be cold all the time.
I've recently started a new relationship.
Sometimes when I'm chatting with my boyfriend, something that I did with my ex or something
that happened while we were together comes up.
Seems kind of tactless to keep saying me and my ex did this or one time my ex said this.
But I feel like I'm being disingenuous if I just say my friend, help me, my bim bam.
Which do I use?
Or do I just avoid these stories altogether and risk never having much to add to the
conversation exed out in England?
Whoa, bummer.
This is, this is, wow, this is like, it's a weird, this could be written by our first
question asker just like later.
I think you might be selling yourself a little short here.
I, I, I don't, I don't believe that anybody, regardless of how like into a relationship
they've ever been, I don't think anybody only has stories about their ex or why, why
do you like, why do you even have to address it?
There was another person there.
Like instead of saying like, Oh, me and chambers went and saw, um, we wouldn't saw men in black
too.
Why can't you just say I, yes, I have seen men in black too.
And it was excellent.
It's another, why can't you just use the dude's name?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, that's that's why can't you just drop it and be like, yeah.
Chombers and I went and saw him.
He's Chombers.
He's going to is a unique.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, but why do you have to say my ex and I, well, that's not it's you're missing
the point.
I think it's not that they, the, it's not the terminology is trying to avoid it.
It's the, the existence of chambers.
This dude doesn't even, right.
I see.
How do you broach the subject?
And the answer is you don't.
Yeah, well, there's so many options here.
Really.
One is I think we've all heard a story that someone has told and then thought, oh, I wish
that happened to me.
And then like six months down the road, you tell that story and it did happen to you that
time.
Now it's happening to you.
You just, you just repurpose the story.
Do that, but outsource it to somebody.
You can tell the story.
It's just, it happened to other people.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Then you have something to add in a little fiction, double line, basically, double lie.
Super lie to him.
This person you love and trust.
Yeah.
I think that in this circumstance, it's kind of, you gotta, you gotta dip your toe in the
water.
And like the first time you mention your ex, just see how your boyfriend reacts.
And maybe he doesn't care.
Like I don't care when Teresa mentions her ex-boyfriend, but she with me now and that's
all that matters.
Yeah.
But you're very secure in your relationship.
But if this is an early thing, you guys have been together for a while.
You shouldn't be talking about it at all.
You know?
Yeah, right.
I mean, you talk about it exactly once to get that out of the way.
Like, yeah, I dated this dude.
We live together.
I resuscitated him back to health after his motorcycle crash.
And we proposed to each other under the Parisian night sky.
And maybe-
I think you, I think you can go even vaguer and just say, I have dated before.
We spent, we spent one entire day together in Venice.
I met him on the train.
He was a stranger.
We fell deeply, deeply in love.
That's, that is before, before Sunrise, the movie.
That's not what I was thinking.
That's not a real thing.
No.
I mean, it is, the movie is real.
The movie is great.
And let me just say delightful.
There's a real great performances by Ethan Hawke.
Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.
Great work, guys.
Keep it up.
Yeah.
I wish Ethan Embry had been in it.
I'm trying to bring him back.
Where'd he go?
Where'd he go?
I love that guy.
Can't hardly wait.
Great.
Does that one have vampires in it?
Can't hardly wait.
Or before, before Sunrise.
Yeah, it does.
Cause that's, they're both vampires.
They're both vampiric in nature.
So it goes, it goes-
It's, it's Sunrise.
Before Sunrise.
And then the second movie is from Dust Till Dawn.
And then the third one is Twilight.
Yeah.
It's all-
Keep it going.
Keep it going, Trav.
You got a Lost Boys, got a Lost Boys goof you can drop on us.
No.
Girlfriend, I think you're missing this goof.
His goof was Times of Deck.
It was Times of Deck.
It was a good, it was a pretty good run.
And we were looking for Times of Day.
What about-
Times of Day.
That was a uniting theme.
Times of Day.
You just, just don't talk about it.
No.
Talk about other things.
Tuesdays, Tuesdays with Morrie.
That's, that's not-
What?
That's a day.
Talk about Tuesdays with Morrie.
It's a day of the week.
I read the best book.
Have you heard of this book?
Didn't they make a movie?
Yeah.
With Owen Wilson and a dog.
Yeah.
Jack Lemmon was in it.
Okay.
In his final performance as an old man that's dying, which like, I get it, but-
It was a little on the nose.
Little on the nose, Jack.
It was Jack Lemmon, wasn't it?
It was either him or Matthau.
They're really interchangeable, aren't they?
Yeah, at this point.
Yeah.
I bet the two of them are getting into some hijinks up there.
Oh, man.
Do you think they live together?
I would, I would say that, to, you know, get back to X'd out in England-
All right.
We're doing an advice show.
Oh yeah, that's right.
I, I, you know, if it comes up naturally, I don't think you need to be afraid to drop it.
But if you're feeling uncomfortable doing it, then I don't think you feel the need,
you need to feel the need to bring it up.
You know, make new memories.
Don't feel like you're being disingenuous.
Just because it, I do think that like, no matter, no matter how secure somebody is,
they don't want to hear you talk.
They want to think about the fact that you used to be with somebody else,
and they start, they don't want to hear you talking about it enough that
they start to assume that you pine for that life still.
And that may not be, I mean, that's not the most like,
sort of mature reaction to somebody talking about their ex, but it's what we all do.
I mean, it's, it's a very human, human reaction to it, I think.
Yeah.
This year is my first post-college Thanksgiving.
Now that I'm in my own household, I'd like to bring a dish to the meal.
However, all the traditional Thanksgiving sides and dessert are already taken.
I don't drink wine, and there's already going to be a few bottles,
so that's not a great option either.
What should I bring to Thanksgiving dinner, stumped over stuffing?
Your own, your smile.
Bring your smile.
I don't think that all the traditional things are taken.
I think, I mean, they may be, the traditional things may be taken,
but that doesn't mean you can't still knock it out of the park
with a great dessert that people are just going to love.
And I'm also going to point out, I've never made an entire traditional Thanksgiving meal,
but I'm willing to bet that if you called the host or hostess and said,
hey, I'd like to make something, they're more than happy.
Oh sure, yeah.
Shovel something off onto you.
You know what I'm saying.
Do you know my, do you know my power play?
What's your power play?
Bring a turkey.
Small turkey?
No, fuck that, a bigger turkey, a big buttery.
Bring some turducken.
Kill it.
Kill their turkey with your turkey.
Get a Texas-sized raptor turkey.
They will never know it hit them because they will be lacerated by its claws and gobbler.
So just bring a live turkey.
I have two classic dessert options that I tend to go towards.
Ritz torte.
Nice.
Bring a Ritz torte and people are just going to lose their minds over that.
Or make chess bars, holiday favorite chess bars.
Go get, our friends Dave and Alexander have a show called the DNA Foodcast and they did
our mom's recipe for chess bars last week, I think.
And that's like a, you bring that and it's just going to be the talk of the party.
You know what's always a fan favorite?
What's that?
Cheesecake.
It's not hard to make.
It's a little.
And there's a rocking like pumpkin cheesecake that you can make.
It's absolutely delicious.
Can you bring a novelty erotic cake?
Yeah.
Thanksgiving.
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, like, so like a turkey with a big boner.
Big old boner turkey.
It's like how kids used to make like the hand print turkeys only with a boner.
And if you can somehow make this turkey speak and by which I mean, I don't mean a smaller
speech bubble cake, but a literal, like some sort of voice recording, like they put in
those gift cards where he's saying like, gobble, gobble.
And he's like pointing to.
Gobble it up.
He's like pointing to his turkey boner and he's like pointing to it and saying that gobble.
Like, have it.
I guarantee you don't have to worry about anybody else having already made.
Yeah, because they will have left the party.
We had we had someone ask us on Twitter a couple of weeks ago, one of our dear, dear
listeners saying, can you guys just for one episode cheese it with the dick talk so I
can play this show for my family?
And and the answer is no.
The answer is no.
It's definitive.
No fish got to swim and birds got to fly.
And we got to talk about those birds have big old boners because that boat is going
to weigh it down.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, here's here's why don't you bring an empty stomach and a big and a big.
Oh, bring your own Tupperware.
I love it left over.
I'm going to help you dispose of all this extra food.
But you know what?
Speaking as somebody who's been in that situation before, I would appreciate some wouldn't you
Tupperware that way you don't have to worry about losing your Tupperware and you avoid
the like, make sure I get this back, you know, kind of moment.
It's like, oh, thanks.
Now, don't just bring like a plastic grocery bag and scoop it in.
I'll take three spoonfuls of everything.
Hey, check this out.
What do you guys think of this?
This this move?
Well, buy some cigars for the boys.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, the boys.
I brought some cigars.
Let's real nice.
Let's go watch and some weed for the ladies.
Ladies, we're going to watch.
Ladies, I got you some weed.
We're going to watch a football contest and smoke these stogies.
You guys bake and bake.
That turkey is going to taste especially awesome.
This is the most awesome Thanksgiving ever.
Why don't you go get there really early and tell him you brought your kitchen wisdom and
then just say a bunch of folksy things as they're cooking to try them into doing a better job.
I brought a stern hand and a judging eye.
I brought an egg timer to make sure you don't mess anything up.
Just bring a vacuum and an apron and be like, I'm here to clean up afterwards.
I brought Sally Fields from fried green tomatoes.
She is here to dispense all of her kitchen wisdom to you.
I brought my own pillows for when I take a nap on your carpet.
This is my Nana.
I made her come to cook for you.
She's got so much weed on her.
Shake my Nana and the weed falls out.
Nana baked face we call her.
Hey, you know, if you're going to cook a turkey this year, let me tell you what you do.
You make bacon the morning before and then you take the grease after you cook the bacon
and then you pour it into a cup and you put the cup in the fridge.
And then when you go to cook the turkey, you drink that.
You cut slivers of the solidified bacon fat off and put it underneath the skin
and then just throw some in the middle there.
I know that's great because then the next day when you have leftover sandwiches,
you just keep putting slivers of bacon grease on them until you die.
Travis, do you just have a constantly regenerating supply of bacon grease?
Yes, I have nine mason jars full of bacon grease and they're labeled Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
special occasions, birthday, and then one that's kind of really old that just says the end.
Do you realize that the way you talk on this show makes you sound like the fat Unabomber, right?
Some of the things you say makes you sound like the fat Unabomber.
I'm actually very in shape, very healthy.
I'm saying you're trim but your mouth words make you sound like the fat Unabomber.
I live my life like a Roman and that's my goal is to one day have a functioning vomitorium
but for the time being, yes, don't eat bacon grease.
If you eat bacon grease, then your whole house is a vomitorium.
Is it sad that the other day I just bought myself a happy birthday ice cream cake for no reason?
You bet. You bet it is.
You got it right.
Okay, that's a problem.
Hey, Grif, do you have a Yahoo to cheer me up?
Sure.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Way, who asks,
why are you girls so damn mean when it comes to size and don't give me that love crap?
Okay, this-
What?
Okay, this girl told me that if a guy doesn't at least have a six inch penis erected,
sorry about the dick talk, dad,
then he better not have sex or show a girl his penis or they will laugh at him.
I'm an 18 year old guy, fully through puberty,
and I have a 5.1 to 5.5 inch ranging on good and bad days, but that's-
Depending on the weather.
That's usually where I am, so I'm really nervous.
Also, it's not just this one girl, it's a lot of girls who say this.
Well, step one, stop asking girls if they like your dick.
Here's the thing.
What?
Isn't that- the human race has been propagating itself that way for thousands of years.
Don't look. Just don't look.
Also, you did not hear the latest census data.
The average has actually gone down a little bit to 5.8 inches, so-
Yeah.
You're-
Slightly below average.
You're a little bit closer on your good days.
You're heavier than I am.
You're heavy flow days.
Hey, how's your day?
Go on.
Not great.
How good hanging?
About 0.4 inches.
Fully erect.
Fully erected.
That is a lot of-
Variation.
That's a very specific measurement.
On the good day, he still had the tip.
On the bad day.
I get myself a circumcision using alcohol and scissors, so now all my days are bad.
But that one particular day was the worst.
They haven't gotten much better.
Ladies, don't give me that love crap.
Wait, why is there-
Why are you all such size queens?
I don't know why that's a test.
We just-
Can we just be cool for a second about dick sizes?
Can we just chill out about it?
Like, if one guy's arms are shorter than another guy's arms,
you don't go, hey pussy.
I don't see why a dick has to be any different.
To be fair though, I do judge a girl on the size of her vagina.
God.
Come on.
Come on.
Wait.
Width or depth?
Come on.
Come on.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
First, few little housekeeping notes.
We have a new t-shirt at maxfundstore.com, so you can go pick that up and still get the
blue MBMBAM adventure shirt.
Got a Twitter feed, it's at MBMBAM.
Follow that to find out when the show is out.
It's your- we post there just as soon as it goes live.
Thank you to people who are tweeting about the show.
Scratty Bones, Dan UNG, Alex Sphere, HooliganD89, Rilla Wida, Seekil Gore, Gaddy James, Jack
Diggy, Synergy.
A lot of people were a little upset that Griffin was so mean about metal music.
I apologize.
Some people really turned me on to some good stuff.
Like-
Really?
Yeah, like Hate Blood.
Pretty good.
Devil Puke.
Devil Puke is really is great.
And of course, Rose Zephyr.
Lots of fun people are out there talking about the show.
Use MBMBAM hashtag to talk about it.
And happy birthday, anniversary, and Thanksgiving to Lindsay from Davin.
Yeah.
What?
I want-
Yeah, cut that out.
Yeah, cut that out.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
I want to thank Genesis Today for endorsing our program after I in turn endorsed their
delicious and nutritious immunity boosting super fruit gummies available in your Walgreens.
You get, guys, you get 50 for $10.49. How's your health?
It's pretty good.
$200 will get you on the Jumbotron.
Full disclosure, we are getting a whole suite of Genesis Today products for that.
I said, they said, do you want this?
And I said, for Christ's sake, yes, yes, I need to keep Travis alive.
He needs to live.
We have, okay, real quick stuff.
We will not be doing a show next week.
We're going to spend some time with our families and we're all going to be traveling and Thanksgiving,
and you don't really need us anyway.
You should enjoy the love and bosom of your family.
Get your shopping started.
If you want to get a personal ad, like Davin was kind of up to do for Lindsay, go to maximumfun.org
forward slash Jumbotron.
While you're there, why not check out all of the great MaxFun products.
All of the great MaxFun programming.
Stop podcasting yourself.
Judge John Hodgman, Sonny Young America, Jordan, Jesse go.
So much good stuff.
Two things.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Windage for the use of their song.
It's a departure off the album.
Putting the days to bed, uh, as, as the theme song, it's our theme song, right?
The beginning of the show.
And it's so great and buy their albums.
And thank you.
Second thing we have a location for our live show in Austin, Texas, and tickets are going
to go on sale, um, sometime this week, um, probably near the middle of the week.
So keep an eye out.
We'll announce it on Twitter.
Um, uh, so it's not a huge venue.
So those tickets are going to go fast.
The blue theater.
If you live in Austin, that's where it is.
Uh, we'll probably go someplace after the show and get drinks and, uh, yeah, come on
out.
Cause it's going to be, it's going to be a real fun time.
Um, but keep an eye on that.
Where is that again, Griffin?
So people can start making plans.
It's on East Austin, right off airport Google map at Google map at you.
Lazy fucks.
What day are we planning on Sunday?
December the 11th is the day of the show.
We're going to put tickets on sale.
We have to do that.
We'll simultaneously put the link up on Twitter and our Facebook.
So, and on the, but it is a, it is not a big venue.
So, uh, uh, you want to act fast to get those tickets and, uh, God, I'm so fucking excited.
I can't wait to see everyone.
Uh, yeah, that's all.
That's all on my end.
Oh, it's also Movember.
I, uh, we would appreciate your Movember donations.
You can just go to us.movember.com and search for either Justin or I, uh, we're both participating.
I'm growing a mustache.
Mine looks pretty fucking dope.
Yeah.
Except for the part where you look like you are, are you about to talk smack about my mustache
because I still haven't seen yours while I'm saving it up in a jar in the jar.
We keep our mustaches until the live show and then I will shave to a mustache for the
live show.
Keep my mustache for live show.
Justin need a firm commitment.
I will be divorced.
I will be a single man with a mustache.
I keep it one moment longer than 1201 December 1st.
Uh, thank you guys so much for listening to the show.
As always, we do this for you to entertain you and make you happy.
And we really love it that so many of you tune in.
Um, and so thank you very much.
And thanks to Dan.
Do we mentioned Dan Savage last week for, for.
I don't remember, but let's thank him again.
Yeah.
Thanks for, for mentioning our show, giving it the plug on your, on your podcast post,
um, on your site.
Uh, you can track down Dan Savage, but let's be honest.
You probably already know who he is.
And thanks again to our friend Brent O'Floss.
Oh yeah, thanks Brent.
See his videos and his web comic, uh, at Brent O'Floss.com.
Make sure you check all that stuff out.
Okay.
Griffin, I'm ready.
This hit me.
This final Yahoo is sent in by Alethea Eckhart.
Thank you, Alethea.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
Ah, fuck.
JKFNBM, who asks, what would be a good tattoo inspired by the book, The Time Traveler's Wife?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
It's your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, Three Stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, these girls are smart.
Three Stacks, play your part, play your part.
