The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy. I'm a sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Oh my god guys guys guys, but what what is it trap?
I listen if there's one thing I know about the two of you
It's that you're always looking for a good investment
And I hope you guys are ready to get in on the ground floor because I've got a really exciting opportunity for you guys
So much money and I want to make I want to turn it into more money by doing no work
I don't know. Hey, yeah, so happy to hear that. So I
Was approached by some scientists and they're looking for investors
They are going to open up what kind of scientists? Oh
Like really really smart. They have like lab coats and what's their like, but what's their like field? Uh, let's say genetics
very
promising very promising they're planning to open up a
a
experience park and
They will be
Bringing back and you guys aren't gonna believe this
dinosaurs
Dinosaurs and they are looking for investors to help fund this park and this thing. Oh my god guys
It's gonna be a huge hit. Yeah, the return on investment is all but guaranteed
So can I can they will they name a stegosaurus after me if I give them like a hundred bucks?
They are looking for a little bit more than that. I
They're looking in the range of like mmm, and this is this is gonna pucker you up a bit, but like five million dollars
Okay, the five million be going towards yeah
Making dinosaurs and feeding the dinosaurs and building walls for the dinosaurs
I could probably make you a dinosaur for like ten ten large
Well ten G's, I mean maybe split it three ways, but listen guys listen
I know I know that that kind of number is very big
But once this park opens and everybody starts going to it, we're gonna make so much money back. Okay
I'm gonna I hate to put you on the spot. Okay, but you are now the official representative
Representative of the park understandable. Yeah, okay. Um, the what if we bring them back
They're a danger and I missus and this is my question. Okay, if we bring them back, is there not a danger?
That they will sort of run. I
Mean, I don't want to be offensive. I know PC culture, but kind of run wild on humanity
Oh, well, oh, did you miss where I said we'd be building walls? There would be big kick-ass walls
We'd have walls. That's and the other thing juice is the reason the caveman's got pwned is they didn't have our
bazookas, yeah, okay our
Electricity weapons
Dinosaurs hate those so I'm not worried so much about that. I'm more worried about that. Dinosaurs are not sexy
so I guess could we could we give them like big boobies big jugs and
wieners
That's already part. Yeah, that's definitely a little in our audience
No, no, I don't think so. I think because we'll have we'll have a little bit of something for everyone
Yeah
Not all that not all the dinosaurs are gonna have big juicy jugs and like we can't do that to a terror
Pterodactyl because it would fall out of the sky. You got to balance that but like and so it's like some t-rex
Yes, we'll have being juicy drinks
Big big beautiful
Jugs or what? Yeah, let's let's so up. What depends on how much we invest. Let's pivot. That's true
Here's me at the dinosaur park. Where's the t-rex over there? Oh, yeah, that's pretty cool. Wow. Damn. That's a good t-rex
Well time to go home. How are you gonna make it sticky?
Right, right, right
Well, we're planning to have a couple restaurants that will then serve chopped up dinosaurs
Okay, yeah, but they will have dinosaur steaks so you can find out what the dinosaurs tasted like, you know what I mean?
that's actually if I'm gonna be honest, that's kind of the primary focus of
The park at this point. Yeah, we will be churning these dinosaurs out at a rate
that to keep up with a hunger base
Yeah, okay, and that can be like our NFTs, which is which is new food
pterodactyl
exactly
also
At this this this one's kind of important. We're gonna make the dinosaurs bigger and bigger and bigger but also
Yeah, and this is my innovation that I kind of gave to them some of them smaller and smaller and smaller
That could be cool. What if we made this small dinosaurs big and the big dinosaurs small and then like let everybody see them
Get revenge on like a tiny little t-rex that they could just kind of stomp around
You know we you touched on this briefly trap
But I do think the possibilities of eating the dinosaurs is massive. Thank you
Um, I think that if we're breeding them already we're creating them with you know, big beautiful juicy jugs
that's already I'm actually gonna put a I'm gonna put a
Limit on that I'm talking about that and it the limit was two times ago
Okay, so that's off the table, but we are still talking about eating these gorgeous
Well, yeah, and I'll tell you this guys these geneticists have made some serious breakthrough
They said that they can breed these dinosaurs with inherent teriyaki flavor. Okay
It's just right in their blood right in their DNA. Well, is there a worry is there dino DNA, please?
It is there a worry is there a concern that that will make them too delicious to their compatriots now if I'm struggling
I'm waiting for my next bucket of sheep slop and I am and Craig start smelling real good
A lot of umami loft enough. Yeah. Yeah, I might have to go in for a taste now Justin
I'm thank you for asking the scientists did say
that it will not make them more violent towards each other but
The teriyaki does get in their brains and just make them more violent in general more aggressive
So there will be a they will be delicious and angry, but I we don't see that as a problem
Also, it will increase their vertical leap tenfold. Yeah
How would they know that they could jump that high right like they won't know
Are you telling me the secret is that they have to believe in themselves?
Well, Justin, I mean that's not scientific. But yes, we'll have a tinder dactyl. We'll have a stegosaurus
There's a lot of opportunities here that I'm really try tip ceratops
There's another great option for one very good cut cut up and eat these. Yeah, perfect
and
Scene, thank you so much for joining us T-bone Rex
on this
Sponsored episode. I don't know if you guys are excited but all two hours and 26 minutes of Jurassic World Dominion
Is coming my way
This evening at the local multi
Excited to get a seat for this this this ride
I I will say Justin the thing that was in the movie what they resurrect dinosaurs
But what the movie resurrects in my heart is hope and let me tell you why Justin and maybe
resurrects not the right word because it doesn't make it seem like some kind of dinosaur Jesus, but
For me Justin. Yeah, I just can't wait to see how they once again are surprised that dinosaurs are running amok
Right, you think after a while after six of these ding-dang things, right?
We get to the point where they'd be like, oh, what's that die? Yeah, we're fucked man. Yeah
I should have invented some sort of dinosaur poison certainly at this. Thank you
They are animals and what do humans excel at if not poisoning the animals?
Yeah, unlike other I was inspired to take on another sponsored episode because I was listening to our
McElroy family fun hour sure sponsored by two teams don't need to say the name of the brand can see don't well
They already I mean they're a dear friend a dear friend of the brand of our brand
It's a brand partnership and I really miss doing those but people aren't exactly the line
I know there's a lot of other podcasts out there. Yeah these days
So this one is kind of on spec in the ass. I feel like Universal should just donate whatever
They feel is fair to us. Oh
Interesting. Yeah, so like we'll do the we'll do the episode right and then hope that they hear it
I guess that I don't know how to reach them. Yeah
Yeah, and then they'll sort of like pay us whatever they think is fair for this branded content. It's on spec
Well when we're done if you guys want I can like put this onto like a CD or disk and like send it to Sam Neil
I'm so can you get this to somebody? It's so cool that you know how to do that. Yeah. Thank you. I
Tried I can't get my computer to do it
I put CDs in my computer and it just starts playing the songs on them. Oh, no, no, no, you got to have a burner
I can't tell you guys something. I'm great. What?
This is great is I want to keep it on Jurassic Park just for a little bit Jurassic World Justin, please
Jurassic World Dominion huge opening
Is what we're trying to get them going that long people heard this flick listen
People are sick of dinosaurs, but we're gonna bring it back. You're welcome
Just like they brought back the dinosaurs got a story from the Hollywood Reporter here for you
Um, you know Sam Neal's back for this one. Oh, yeah my buddy
Yeah, your buddy Sam Neal is back for this one get not the team back Alan Grant Ellie Sattler. Sure the whole team
Skronk you remember you guys remember skronk the big one the caveman they resurrected to help them kill all the dinosaurs and I think it was
Three that was a three. Yeah
three because that guy parachuted into the pterodactyl enclosure and saw a frozen caveman in the wall and then he like
Landed over there and then he like held the lighter up to the ice for a while
It was Vince Vaughn and he was getting pecked apart by the pterodactyls
But then skronk broke out of the ice and he was like, I'm your granddad
No, actually, I believe Vince Vaughn played skronk in this one because I call dibs. Oh, sorry
Oh, sorry. Okay. So you guys remember in the first Jurassic Park one of the first ones they see is that Brachiosaurus and they're like
Yeah, I'm nutting over like yeah, they've been losing
His pants he's like, you know, he's like so classic that I thought by the way
I thought the sound effect they used was a little over-the-top but go on
Yeah, so Hollywood Reporter is interviewing Sam Neal press junket for this film
in 20 and this is the story says in 2018 Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom the fifth installment in the Jurassic franchise the
beloved Brachiosaurus from the 1993 film
Perished as a result of a volcanic eruption on ice and nublar and Neal
until now
Meaning in the interview was unaware that it was the same
Brachiosaurus that had bowled Grant and Sadler over in 1993. So here's the
Quote from Sam. I didn't know it was the same one. Well, that is heartbreaking
Such a sweet creature
You tender-hearted
Dear man, why? Wait, hold on stop the interview. Stop the interview. What what it was the same one
What are you talking about?
No, someone would have told me I got I I've hold on I've got to call somebody about this. I need confirmation
Oh Sam also, I didn't know is it how are we supposed to know that he has somebody he has a tattoo. Oh
And it's kind of like play but he did have a Dino tattoo from Flintstones, yeah
Oh my god. Hey, did you guys ever put it together that Dino is also like spelled like Dino?
Don't insult my intelligence and the intelligence of our many listeners cuz it's like is it so I can't wait
To see this one. I did miss the last one of them and the one before that and so I wondering if I if there will
Be certain things. Yeah that I will. Okay. Well my only exposure is that sometimes we go to the dinosaur park here in
Austin and it is a purely
These things are dead as disco. These are decorative dinos only
Um, but they do have toys there from the JP franchise and it's like watch as he shares a psychic link
Via Bluetooth connection with blue the velociraptor and it's like whoa
There's definitely some plot losing. I would say in the first and second where um, there is okay guys
There's a moment in the first one
Where what they've done here and I find this quite interesting as a choice is they've said
People are getting fucking bored with that. They've seen dinosaurs
So what we're gonna do is invent our own dice are gonna make a different dinosaur
Okay
And it it what it does is invents a world in which after like a decade or so everyone's like dinosaurs fucking seen them
Yeah, dude, I get it it doesn't invent that world Travis it observes the current world because if you don't think that would happen
You're not paying attention, man. Yes
Man, and you know what? Nobody else is either. So let's do some advice question. Okay. Yeah, I think that that's what America needs right now
Now we didn't plan this spec episode by the way in time to request
Dinosaur themed questions. So I just pulled the questions that I thought
We could maybe we could somehow tie it in. Yeah, that's part. That's so tasteful
Thank you. Yeah, a lot of people are so sweaty in these in these sponsored things
They're like so desperate to like say the brand over and over again. Yeah, and we may as well
We may not mention we might not mention it again, right? This year. I'm gonna be working at a camp for most of the summer
I'm super excited and this be fine. Except my birthday is also in the summer. I will be turning 17 if you were curious
I was I am NOT a big birthday person in general preferring to do something smaller with my friends
And I do not want to celebrate my birthday with people. I don't know. Well, the issue is I have some friends
They're also working there. I'm not sure if they know when my birthday is
I don't want to tell them the other staff, but I also don't ask them directly in
Case they don't know and then slip up later, but brothers, what should I do?
Hmm, yeah
Or you guys see the catch here, right? You guys see the problem, right? Distill it for me. Dr
Grant if you go to your friends and say like hey
Do you are you guys like do you know when my birthday is right? Like so loaded? Absolutely
Do not that's what I'm saying that to any human being ever in your life. You cannot cannot be done
Because just by introducing that
Right, there is no like if they're like no
No, why and you're like don't worry about it. Oh god, that would be so brutal. Oh, oh
Right, this one is actually tough a lot of these are easy
But this one's tough cuz what if they like what if you walk in to the egg hall?
And they have all of the
kids with
Special powers. I'm assuming that's the kind of camp it is. Yeah. Why else would anyone go to camp talents and gifts that they have to be
Honing like what if you go into the egg hall and they're like
Singing you're like they they're like here they are and then they sing happy birthday to you
Or you're like right in the middle of like running like, you know a training exercise in the danger room
And then they're like, what's this? Oh, no, it's the birthday cake monster. And you're like, oh no, man
This is so embarrassing and in front of Wolverine. Oh
Well, yeah, I don't think it's X-Men. That's a that's a comic. That's like a cartoon
Well, it's also a good point Griffin because it's a school and not a camp
Yeah, that's a good point because like they're not working. Yes. You have do you think?
Do you think professor Charles Xavier's school for gifted children?
You think they had like?
Field trips to Heinrichs like oh, yeah got to go to cosine and do all the things like did they get to go to Kings
Island and today we're gonna go to the dairy farm to figure out how you milk cows. Exactly
I can shoot like spikes out of my hands
While we're milking the cows, it'll make all the milk come out
Think that a professor Charles Xavier school for gifted children did they have like algebra? I
mean interesting like
Wait, I don't you have to cut something. Yeah to have time for the danger room
It's got to be home economics though, like, you know those kids, you know
Ice man walks out with his fucking diploma and they're like, okay, that'll be
$1,500 for the diploma and your robes and we will take a check and he's like I do not know
how to
Do a check
But this one is like that. There's a teacher there
It gets a small rip in this costume you see I just
Yeah, I don't know what to do
Done for it. I'm sorry. I need a new where do you get more of these? But that implies that there's nothing to be done
There's a moment as a teacher's lounge right where it's just like here's you know Emma Frost and she's like yesterday
We taught the students how to you know, fight the Sentinels or whatever and then like there's like, you know
Teacher, mr. Like Stevens who's like, yeah, and I got this kid. He's not doing great in math
Or but what did you say about Sentinels? What's your class? Yeah, that sounds good
Do you think it's just sitting in the audience at Hamilton like this is fucking what kind of twisted mind thought up?
all these crazy characters
I'm pretty sure I said jubilee. I don't think I said
Save your school for gifted children. Thank you. Did they get like Christmas break?
I'm like summer break and shit
No, that wouldn't make any sense that your parents a lot of those kids didn't come from great environments
They don't want to go home for Christmas. Yeah, buddy
But like if my kids like oh, yeah BB has powers and she can like, you know make machines do her better
I'm like awesome. Oh, yeah. She's got to go to this special school. Cool. Cool. When do I get to see her? Oh
She's gotta fight the Sentinels excuse me my kid my kids gotta fight the fucking Sentinels. Yeah
Well, that's how else do you want him to learn how to make it in this crate this cuckoo all of ours
And you guys are also gonna teach stuff about like taxes and like how a bill becomes a law and stuff, right?
Well for sure sort of yeah, actually very close to that on Friday's the teachers get a half day
Uh-huh to go kill Magneto. So they're gonna watch mr. Holland's opus
So it's kind of that I guess
Okay, one of those fucking fighting Magneto Magneto is like what's that terrible smell and it's like oh I have us
I have this weird hot stink that comes out of my
armpit hair I
have a hot stink that comes out of my armpit hair and
Yeah, and it's why it's like crazy man. It's like so
That kid like he get he goes to senior year and then he's the all everyone's like
So here's your costumes with big exes on them and then this to Jake is like, so where's they're like, here you go
Jake is what's this is your diploma you graduated. See you later. There's gotta be good luck
There's got to be someone who just discusses in a comic book, but I've never thought about it before that
There's like when they graduate. It's like hey, listen, you didn't make the team and you're also
Not even Alpha Flight Canada. You're not like cut out to be like a teacher here. So
You're you you're done. I was like, what do I do?
What do I do now? Well, my suggestion my first would be to get your GED because you do not have a comparable
Not accredited you've basically been
Legally truant the last eight years. So there's gonna be some issues here
Also, we will be sending a bill to your parents because like we kind of fed you and did stuff for you for like eight
Years and now like you're not
Part of the team or whatever. So
So tired of giving away all these great free ideas
I know and I also worry that we're getting a little too like like into the nerdy stuff. Yeah
Let's get back to the dinosaur stuff, right? Yeah, these big beautiful beat now. Here's another question
Oh Griffin, you got something speaking of nerds. Here comes a wizard and I can call him that cuz we're friends cool
I'm glad you guys have grown so close by the way
Yeah, we're like real road road boys. So Adrian cowl sent this in
Thank you, Adrian. Nice to have you back in the fold. It's how to act like a Furby. Oh
Furbies a fun toy for kids and well and is fun to act like they change their whole outlook on life often and are always
Hungry, if you're a huge Furby fan acting like a Furby can be a lot of fun. Oh
Yeah, we're of an age to remember the the Furby craze our Furbys fun
Sure. Yeah, how in what way? I talk to each other. They do
How's that fun? Like why are you being so judge here? No, I'm thinking about this. I'm not trying to be judgy
I'm trying to think about there are toys that do I I just bought BB and dot a marble run
Fucking fun for days, right a
Furby, I'm just not sure what service is providing as far as fun goes listen to you
yeah, I say that sentence out loud again and then think about what how you're saying it about this the service that the fun child's
toy that talks and sounds like a
You're ruining the fucking mood
Wow, okay, please go on. I'm willing to open my mind up to the fact that
Maybe a Furby is in some way
Fun. Yeah. Okay. All right. Creep. All right. Thank you. Sorry such a gosh dang. So sorry
I'm just saying guys. I just don't see what it does. Okay, it's fine
What does it have to do? What is a marble run to do?
Marbles in it and I want you to do things a Furby demands my attention
It's not gonna fucking rub my feet at the end of the day. So it's a shitty toy
Oh, yeah, it's not a cookie. It's not gonna cook me my my ham at the end of the day
So what's the fucking point of it? It's not making me money. That's for sure. Just I'm so sorry about all this Griffin
Can you just go try to did to carry on? I don't know that I fucking can
Looking the part decide what color Furby you are they vary in color from white black orange pink blue and even yellow
Choose the color you like best cool. I think I'm gonna go yellow. Okay, you don't even like them
You don't like you don't get to say that you don't even get to do pretends. Oh my god
Justin's I'm just saying that a Furby is an
Electronic version of a bag of flour given to a kid in health class to learn about responsibility
Okay
Marbles just rocks and ramps. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome, dude
We're just listen to cool things where furry clothing according to the color you picked for example
If you are a blue Furby where blue furry clothing with no texture designs on it
Wow
Sanication go barefoot Furby's dread shoes. So when I can't Furby's dread shoes
so whenever you
Go barefoot whenever you can in the summer wear flip-flops a lot. Um
Okay, but you just said
Here's here's another thing. Don't wear makeup and jewelry a Furby would never wear these things Furby baby
I like you just natural you don't have to try like the other take your makeup off
Take your shoes off put some makeup off your Furby now
But do wear a realistic pair of ears that are the color of your Furby
Purchase a realistic has some text. That's busted
Purchase a realistic tail to wear them every day. Do not sleep in them
Wait, don't sleep in her Furby can't take off his fur. We can't rip off its ears and tail
Catch your sleep
They'll grow back
They always do
Free me
Change your personality according to what is happening in life pretty sure
We're all doing that all the time. That's automatic. Actually. Yeah, that's actually how
Being works. Yeah, how do we know Furby's don't like makeup and jewelry is that maybe we've just never offered that
Maybe we've never tried to doll up
Tart up boy
Tart up one of these for turn up these beautiful boys
Sorry, my Furby tart this Furby for me, please if everything is going well with your family and friends and life is great
Be social kind and caring if someone angers you or makes you mad or life is pretty sad for you
Be grouchy if you're away from crowds
Check check checks across the board. Yeah, I've got this covered actually. I'm actually already being a Furby all the time
What's this copied and pasted from maybe a different wiki how article? Yeah, I can just use that here
It's applicable when someone pulls their steps on your tail do something according to your personality
If you are in the loving one gig if you are in the loving one
Giggle if you are in the grouchy one glare if you are the dancer girl boy go out
Dude, if you are the sassy type roll your eyes
That is what happens when someone pulls my butt now just as a human some pulls my butt and if I'm in a loving mood
I'm like
And when I'm in a dancer girl or guy mood, I guess sure. Yeah, I was on the street dancing the other day
So we grabbed both cheeks and pulled as hard as they could. Oh, man. I'm sorry, and I I was my mistake
So I was like, hey, I didn't say how dude cuz I was in dancer mode
And so if I I'm not allowed to be a Furby anymore eat a lot
Furbies get hungry frequently. Don't stuff yourself. Never overeat or put yourself at risk for diabetes
What?
Thanks took a strange turn. Thanks wiki how article
Just eat whenever you feel hungry and eat a variety of anything. You like love desserts and sweet treats eat dessert a lot
What?
Wait, this is part of being a Furby. Yeah, man. Eat a lot, but don't eat a lot
It's hey Jeremy. I was looking at your first draft of this wiki how article you wrote about how to be a Furby
What do you think?
Sir, I'm sorry, sir. Yeah, I only I only wrote in
30 or 40 pages of nutritional. This is mainly an article about nutrition that I've briefly mentioned the Furby's at the beginning
Are you yeah? Yeah
No
I'm thinking maybe expand to the Furby aspect of this and maybe include something about how to react when someone's mean to you
Might be useful to I mean just a general reader, right?
Through the focus groups and we definitely need way less nutrition stuff way more stuff about how if someone pulls your butt you go
Ow, dude
Yeah
And maybe change the title from like how to eat healthy and like have the energy you need to accomplish things throughout the day
Maybe change that to be like how to be a Furby. I
Don't actually know I've never actually seen a Furby. Is that a problem or no, I've pulled up
Several tabs on my computer just like all the time just in case you had asked about it
Your computer's smoking. Is that it's a lot of tabs
So if you want to come check them out, they've been up for a while. So there's some burn-in on the screen
You gotta hold it because that's the sacrifice you make for Furby's now, let me pull your ears and tail off
That's weird. They won't come off. I'll just pull harder
Ah, okay now go back and write and don't let this happen again. Oh, no, my wife's probably gonna come downstairs now
I'm gonna say that I cut my finger off over the mitre. Yeah, that's fair
Sleep a lot
I'm doing again. I'm
Life, huh?
Furbies get tired easily take one or two naps during the day and have an earlier bedtime than others sleep in as long as you
Like there is what sleep in as long as you like as long as there is no school if it is a school day
Wake up on time. Yes. No, did you add that? No, no, it says that
It doesn't say keep your grades up, but I think it's implied there it's implied
Hey, check this out. Love music
Okay
Love music dance to music and have fun. Don't forget to change into a dancer's girl slash boy. What music is okay guys
Here's what I'm starting to learn that I was wrong at the beginning because apparently a Furby is very useful to teach us how
To be more human
Right. He's teaching us like what someone makes you mad
It's okay to be mad and when you're hungry, you should eat don't get nine beauties and like you're tired
You should sleep man. And when music comes on fucking dance like nobody's watching
It's so wild that they felt they had to clarify you should not eat to a point where it's detrimental to your health
Why did we have to clarify that for this? I'm not sure I trust the wiki how Furby article to
Set those kinds of parameters. Yes for
Anyone anyone at all?
Have some confidence in your convictions when you're like sleeping as much as you want
That's what Furby would do unless you have school. Well, which one is it? Yeah
Yeah, it should go whole hog. It should be like kiss a Furby. Just like a Furby's whole hog. Yeah
Get your Furby whole hog out sing if you like singing sing frequently and always hum pretend to think no one is listening when you
sing wait
pretend to think
Holy that just sent an existential chill up my spine. What if that's all I'm ever doing. Holy shit Furby article
Oh no
Oh, no, no happy learn furbish. No, I can only pretend to think
And so am I only pretending to exist? What would they can't say?
Oh, no, I've ceased to exist. I'm de-realizing
You can't get a Furby and read the instructions
It comes with a guide to speaking furbish memorize all you can download the Furby app
Look in the Furbish dictionary and learn to speak it fluently
Do not go overboard with Furbish. Make sure others can still understand it. Fuck you wikiHow article
I'm gonna make edits to this right now
Yes, change it Griffin. Go for it. Let's go to the money's on life. Hold on. I got a Furby's dictionary here
I'm gonna do the money zone in Furbish
perfect
Something everybody can enjoy
Oh
Hey, if you want to
Get your website off the ground that would make me really new Lou Justin
Oh, I can't actually do this to score space. They've been it's not an e day way to do this
This article a wonderful friend to us as a as a podcast and I can't do this to him
It's the all-in-one platform for making a better website about translating
Furbies to English diet. Ah
die tie indeed Trav
They say in the copy here. They encouraged to read
make this read our own and I think we're
Accomplishing that yeah, that's definitely to die done
It's to die. Of course, you could you two could stand out with a beautiful website and it's not actually, you know kidding aside
It's not really that hard to make website with Squarespace. They make it really easy make it easy to like change things up
And yeah, you don't have to be a doll way to do it
This is actually it's run its natural course. It's natural course. Yes
This is not one of those things where we are challenging you
Right, you know, I don't I actually don't want to do it anymore. I felt myself slipping away
I felt it
Okay
I felt myself losing myself too deep into furbish and I couldn't see the outside anymore
You can you know you can add it's a great companion for your business, too
Cuz you can add booking and scheduling and and you know sell stuff all through your Squarespace website
So if you've been putting it off for maybe you have a website, you don't love check out Squarespace
Go to Squarespace. Maybe you have a website that you still love but not in the passionate way you once did. The fire's gone out
Yeah, yeah, absolutely Trav. Thank you
So rekindle the flame with Squarespace
Head to Squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother
To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Let me tell you about Bombas's mission
Justin can you give me some mission music? They're mission
Oh
No, that's not it. Can you give me something else? That's the only music I have. Okay. Well just any sounds there
They got a mission. No, I made it quieter. No, give me something more intense. You're making intense doesn't have to be music
Sure
Their mission
Okay, their mission is to make the most comfortable clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal item donated
So when you buy Bombas you are also giving to someone in need
Pretty cool
Pretty cool
If you ask me plus they've designed their socks shirts and underwear to be the clothes
You can't wait to put on every day. That is true. I just bought myself. That's right
But I didn't wait for Bombas to send me so I bought it underpants and I love them
They're comfortable and they make my junk look great
Come on that business load Lulu. It does make Lulu down there
Everything they make it soft seamless tagless and has a cozy feel and clothesless
Yeah, it's like wearing nothing and everyone's like hey, I love I can't participate in this scam anymore Bombas since you
Sorry, you gotta find out like this and there's a note card and it says looking good, baby
And it's like Bombas. You don't know me like that when they sell no-show socks. They literally literally
They don't show up in the box
I can't believe but all this is the thing all the clothes they sell get donated even the stuff
You're like, but I was gonna wear that
Tough should we say now that these are jokes?
These are these are jokes. They do send you things for you to put on your body
We know Griffin you can't wink you can't win
All right, cuz I'm kind of undermined. Okay good thing. They really think clothes
Serious
They really
That's still bad don't they definitely don't not send clothes
All right. Yeah, I've had enough fun. Okay. Yeah, the socks are not real though for real Griffin
Go to Bombas.com slash my brother and get 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM
BAS.com slash my brother for 20% off Bombas.com slash my brother. They're real socks
Definitely real socks and they don't cut 20% off the socks like some people say that they do that's not true
It's all the socks are there. It's entire socks for 20% off the price real socks
Hey, it's John Moe join me on depression mode for conversations on how mental health shapes our life this week
David Sedaris with stories of his late father that he's finally willing to tell I think there's a
Difference between you know a good person and a good character like he was a good character
My boyfriend here and my father was another one of those people. He was a really good character
But he wasn't a good person
Depressed mode with John Moe wherever you get your podcasts
Can we please do the second question
Oh
Hey, welcome to our new segment building a mystery. Oh, okay. All right
You guys are gonna love this as children. We were all raised on encyclopedia brown books
This is a book if you're not familiar
This is about a young boy and his friend Sally and how they solve mysteries together
And it's like he's a genius to the point where the cops often consult like an 11 year old child in a crime in Ida Ville
For over a year. This is where encyclopedia brown lives
So we were raised on these books and I've been getting my daughter Charlie into the books as well
It's fun. You listen to them and then you try to solve the mystery
You know at the end just like encyclopedia does it's fun. It's good problem-solving. They're great
I assume they're available at scholastic book fair still you can find them anywhere fine books are sold
There are however, I have to say Donald J. Sobel the author of this franchise wrote a lot of these
Oh, yeah, and he had let's call it a gift for metaphor. Sure. And
What I what we're gonna be doing in this brand new segment is we're gonna be checking out some of mr. Sobel's
absolutely bananas
Metaphors and you are gonna try to guess this is a quiz show. Oh, okay
You are gonna try to guess how these these absolute bangers
Complete so I'm gonna give you the first half. Okay, and then you have to guess the second half
Are you ready, please?
We're going to begin with encyclopedia Brown saves the day not the first book chronologically, but it was the one that we were listening to
When when I thought of this series and in fact
It was this first question that prompted me down this rabbit hole that was so much deeper than I thought it would be
Here we go Bugs Meanie. That's the bully of I mean this guy's a master
This he's real fucked up. He's so fucked up. He's like twist. He's basically the joke
Yeah, yeah, thank you Travis vector the Joker up unless it's bugs bugs Meanie was the leader of a gang of wild
Older boys, they called them. I would actually be really good doing audiobooks for encyclopedia
Oh, I thought you're gonna say as a gang of wild other boys
Justin you would slot into a gang of wild older boys like a like a key into a lock
This is this is our neighborhood's toughest gang. They're called the Tigers
It's Bugs Meanie a bunch of other kids and a 41 year old man in a Hawaiian shirt
He does a lot of the driving around and purchase buying beer. Yeah. Yeah, but he's not the leader. He isn't
He answers to that he answers to that preteen Bugs Meanie, okay, he's kind of the vizier
Bugs
He is helping him and started at 529 to raise money for college with this cool
Please please a Fendi. Let me bend your ear
Please my little birds
Bugs Meanie was the leader of a gang of wild older boys. They called themselves the tiger, huh?
They should have called themselves the weatherman
Why why?
Because why complete the metaphor? Why should they have called Emily?
I don't Kim. Why should they have called the time? It's I mean, it's a joke
It sounds like the setup for a joke. Why should they were gonna have to tell me after I'm done
Be why should they have called themselves the weatherman because they were always raining on everyone's parade
Okay, fascinating Griffin. Why should they have called this gang of boy because they they are thunder because they
are
destructive as a
Hurricane or a tornado they should have called themselves the weathermen. They never stole anything until the coast was clear, huh?
More say one more
Should have called themselves the weathermen. They never stole anything until the coast was clear
You know how a weatherman is always looking at the horizon from the ocean and he's just like there's a storm rolling in
Donald are you okay, bud? Okay. Give me another you've had your turn growled bugs
he jerked a thumb over his shoulder now make like a pair of headlights and
make like a pair of headlights and
Go and
And I don't did and damn and swerve and hit
Hit the road switch off switch off click hit the road hit hit the road Travis. It's hit the road
Yeah, they don't good job headlights. Don't tip it. The car hits that that's yeah, well the car hits the road
No, no now now hold on to mr. Sowell's defense the light shines on the road. So you can see that's fine
Benny was a good friend standing up as soon as he laid down
He went to sleep and became a threat to the nation's forests
Why
Because he snored like a buzzsaw
His snoring shook branches loose for half a mile around. All right, Donald Travis gets half a point for that
Yeah, he gets half. But also I Donald mine was better. Why did you reach so far as
Encyclopedia bite past the empty lot on Rock Garden Lane
He saw Nathan Winslow swinging a pickaxe at top speed what the boy detective break to a halt. Hey Nathan
He called what are you doing? What does it look like said Nathan? I'm digging now. Leave me alone
Now, how does he now?
Complete this line
Now leave me alone
Mm-hmm. I have to practice. What are the grunts there? What does he say? What? What could he possibly be saying there? Leave me alone? And
It's like a turn of phrase yeah, it's like a turn afraid like a classic turn of phrase leave me alone
You
Rack a muffin we were looking for go wash an elephant or something
Oh
Okay, what are these books what are these books from
18
No, like the 1960s. Okay, so maybe that's just how kids talk back then
We don't know go wash an elephant or something or something. Okay, we have one more from encyclopedia Brown saves the day
Forget it said encyclopedia. The shine of gold can be worse than a close shave. Oh
Oh
The shine of gold can be worse than a close shave
Because you can you can cut yourself on
The
My brain is not capable of the kind of lateral thinking
That is that this that come on Travis demand use that broken brain
Yeah, I know right a shine of gold can be worse than a close shave
Smooth I guys made a lot of people lose their heads. Oh
I don't think a lot of people have cut their whole fucking softball shape. John Donald Sobel also wrote a Sweeney Todd
Two more quick ones. These are from encyclopedia Brown keeps the peace in every book
They do one of these about the Tigers and then there's something mean that bugs mean he says to encyclopedia Brown this happens in every book
Yeah, bugs was the leader of a gang of tough older boys who called themselves the Tigers. They should have called themselves the tea bags
They should have called themselves the tea bags because they were always stirring things up
Because there was always something brewing
Oh damn it Travis is to Travis's leagues better at this game than I am like he's in a whole nother echelon
But he didn't guess it oh I didn't
Cuz they love to spoon cuz they always found themselves in hot water they were always getting in the hall
Griffin really nice
Last one bugs to this is bugs to encyclopedia get off the earth
Wow
Get off the earth
He snarled upon seeing the boy detective or I'll twist your nose so far around you'll
What you'll stand on the ceiling you'll smell your brain?
You'll part your hair every time you sneeze
That's good anyway
Absolutely Justin my first crush was the young woman who played Sally Kimball
Oh, yeah, dude in the encyclopedia Brown HBO show so tough
She was so tough embrace
Hey, so when I asked you during the ad break to play some mysterious music brother anything you're like this
Yeah, I know trap. It was the button was right there. You fucking lied to me
That's really no, but if I had burned that early then it would be like you just had that lying around
Specials also, I don't want Sarah to come after me. Yeah, yeah
Puppies you don't have any love for the G man
publicly
Here we have a second please Christ. I've been waiting my partner and I recently purchased our first home in a small rural town
One of the bedrooms in our house has two very large murals of monster trucks floor to ceiling and the word
Bigfoot painted on the wall. Yeah, every single one of our new neighbors has joyfully brought up these monster trucks in conversation
The problem is we're not monster truck folks
I and you not know who or what monster truck Bigfoot is if you don't out point of order
Yeah, if you don't know who Bigfoot is you do not know who literally any monster truck. Yeah, right?
Yeah, that is the I mean
You might know
But that's not even a monster. No, it's a robot that needs a showpiece somewhere than anything
It is not it does not participate in the event
It's also you have you have large pictures of monster trucks painted on the wall
And you know that Bigfoot is a monster truck. You cannot say you don't know who or what?
Bigfoot is it's a big monster truck called Bigfoot. It doesn't have
personality traits that
Differentiate it from other monster trucks. It's the first monster truck. I'm looking here
It was it it was a 1974 Ford f250 pickup those modified by its owner
Bob Chandler beginning in 1975 by 1979 the modifications were so extensive
The truck came to be regarded as the first monster truck
Bigfoot Bigfoot Bigfoot had like a cartoon show like Bigfoot's Bigfoot's the blue one on the wall that you have
Okay, so anyway this person this question asker
How do we respond to all these Bigfoot compliments from our new neighbors?
Are we allowed to paint over these regional treasure murals in our new home? Do we lean into the monster truck honorific?
That's from rurally remarkable in Cumberland, Canada
Yeah, I mean, I'll never forget like do what you want. I'll never forgive you
Do you know what? I mean? Like you can paint over the word Bigfoot. That's fine. That's just it's this we have pictures here
it's a small like font treatment whatever paint over that right because it's not even close to the two pictures of the
Fucking yeah, it's like
By a window to write so it could just be like unrelated like this is actually about the monster Bigfoot
I love him his big in cat in cast cradle Kurt Vonnegut writes as Boccanon says
peculiar travel suggestions are dancing listens from God Wow, I would extend that
To Bigfoot's on your wall. This is the universe
Trying to show you
That this is part of your life now like you you this is part of your life. These floors by the way are
Fucking divine. Yeah, I would not risk painting these walls just because I want to ruin these beautiful floors. Holy crap
Yeah, these murals by the way, these are not big heads. You may end your home be thinking. These are fat
These are painted these are painted by somebody tasteful and there's like a perspective. Oh, yeah
Yeah, there's one where like Bigfoot is leaping. It's that one by the way
looks
Three-dimensional the detail in it is incredible
Now what I will say I can see where that front view monster truck is a little much
It's that one's almost if I could say weirdly it's kind of it is kind of suggest
Yeah, and the room just looking at the dimensions it I would say maybe 10 by 10
there is a lot of there's a lot of mural in this space I
would grant you that I think I
Think the text of Bigfoot is a sticker. I think you think I don't think that that's actually yeah
You can get that off don't you could take that off you could paint over that
I don't think that would be a crime against humanity if you did anything. Oh, wait a minute
Okay, enhance enhance a man Victoria zoom in. I think I can make out an artist's name Victoria enhance, please
enhance
Are you able to make it out where is it in the in the corner under the wheel under the wheel on the left wheel?
near the outlet
real
You know the outlet. Oh god. Yes. I
I don't see it, but I'm seeing them mark. Look right look below the outlet. Oh, yes
Yes, okay over there on the one on the wall. Okay. Hold on
I believe I don't know that is
Marky mama toto
It does seem like those letters are in there. Marky. It's Marky mama toto. I
Don't think mama popo Marky mama popo. It could be it look
I'm people are thinking we're having a laugh here if this looks like any name. It's Marky mama toto
I'm a popo. I'm more mama popo. I'm our popo. Anyway, I would anyway, you can't know you
Absolutely can in no reality
Or any other paint over these big beautiful big?
Let's rank them right you can paint over the word. That's solid. Yeah, I can see where you can justify
Painting over the red truck at the front of the rim. Yes. Here's the justification
I'm a monster and I have you can see where it's like it's bearing down on you and friends now
You could also that can make position a hell of an entertainment center there. Yeah, it's a tone
or a
Headboard for your bed because then you could be like who's in like for like sexual stuff
You could be like, yeah, who's in but then I would want it the bed facing that but it's not important
but the Bigfoot on the wall the ramping jumping beauty if you
Touch it with your fingers, right? You're gonna get oils on it that are gonna it belongs in
Belongs it belongs in a museum. You're gonna which means that you have to make your house a museum
And I'm sorry this part of your home doesn't belong to you anymore
It belongs to all of us and I hate to do like imminent domain
Yeah, but I do think that I'm doing I'm oh my gosh
I never thought I'd be able to do this on a podcast but in my powers as a notary public. I am
Declaring this room of your home on the register of historic. Oh, wow in Cumberland. That's amazing
So yeah, I and I'm I got my stamp right here
Okay, this is official folks and I would never abuse this power. I take
Stamps as good for Canada on it. Yeah, it says also good for one Canada Wow
I don't know. You're gonna need to get a plaque first and foremost
Yeah, and I'm not just talking about for the wall. You're gonna need to get a sign outside too, right Robin Mars
If you're listening
Any advice you can get on how the process of getting those but like home of the painting of Bigfoot?
That's really good is my like suggestion, but you wouldn't
Another option because this is clearly not you you don't appreciate this in the way it needs to be appreciated
so you can't just take that door out and sort of drywall over the door and then in like
150 years when someone else owns the house and like one of their kids throws a
Hammer or something and it like smashes into the drywall and they'll be like, hold on a second. Wait a minute
I think there's a
Room past there or maybe they're just looking at the house from the outside and be like there's a window there
But there's no room and so they get in there and they're like what treasures are we going to find and they find two big
beautiful fucking badass Bigfoot boys up there on the walls
That's gonna be like a real national treasure moment for them and you can if you're gonna do that though
I think you got to go one step further and leave like in the dead center of the room like one like forward key. Oh
They're like what?
And a note that just says find it. Yeah, find me here find me
I need to hear from you know, I'm gonna reach out to Justin McElroy in Canada in Canada
Canadian Justin McElroy, I feel like would be my best point of contact here
I'm also gonna reach out to the village of Cumberland itself
Yeah to see the process of getting a house added to the historic registry
Yeah, and let me cuz I will do I question asker. Thank you so much for your support. I will do anything
Yeah, I
Will swear no expense spread no expense. Hey, I will also say this Justin. I'm actually willing to go one step further
Um, I not only do I want this room registered and protected for all of time
I think you have been gifted the opportunity to this is a hobby now, right?
Because sometimes you're like is it too late in life to start a collection? Is it too late in life?
Do I care enough about this thing to like spend my time doing it?
This decision has been made for you. You chose to buy a house with a Bigfoot room in it. You knew it was there
It's not like they cleverly
Hid that from you as they showed you this room, you know, it's there
So now it's time to start buying up all of the historical Bigfoot merchandise. You can find one last thing question asker
If you can zero in on who that artist I would love to have the if it's if it's working mama popo
That would be a real vindication for me
I also would like to address the fact that the owners of this house probably walked into this room like this is fucking funny
We got us in this into our favorite podcast. So he took some pictures sent this question and like did you send the pictures?
Yeah, I did. Okay now we can paint and then they painted over all of it and now they're listening
And now they're listening to the episode and they are very panicked like can we find marquee mama popo to recreate this work?
Can we try and draw our own badass monster trucks on the wall?
We're gonna roll up to this thing with the you know governor or whatever
Ready to just sort of like take take it over and find some real
Let's call it what it is shoddy shoddy craftsmanship of some busted
Monster trucks that will recognize with our keen eye not the original work the brushstrokes. The brushstrokes are we're gonna need a preference, right?
We're gonna need a proof of life
Hold up today's newspaper next to this and take another photo, please
And then just proceed to do that every day until we die
I don't if you have not already regretted sending this question in your mouth
Boundaries are so important and we are really cognizant of that and we have tried
You know, we have really endeavored to establish those healthy boundaries between us and our audience, but this is hard fucking room now
This is our room long this belongs to us now. Thank you. I thank you so much for listening to our podcast
We hope you've enjoyed yourself
We're gonna go do some shows this way. What?
Yep, we're coming to your town provided your town is Boston. Yep
Or the Foxwoods Casino in Connecticut either one of those you could come see us and we would just I mean
Honestly, we would I'd be thrilled. I'd love it. Yeah, it'd be cool
How cool would it be to see you there? Right? Am I right if you want to go McElroy family McElroy dot family and click tours
you can see we're gonna be at the
Wang theater in Boston June 17th, and that's Taz June 18th is moving ma'am at the
Boston at the Wang Theater wish manners by the way wish manners nice June 19th will be my brother my brother me at the
Foxwoods casino in Mashantucket, Connecticut
So please go get tickets to those shows. They're going to be actually good and not bad
And don't forget to send in questions for those two put you know
Either Foxwoods or Boston in the subject line whichever one you are going to be at so we can you know do those questions
Don't forget your masks. Don't forget masks
and proof and
You know proof of vaccination or
negative kovat tests within 72 hours
Also pre-orders for Taz 11th hour are now open. It's gonna come out February 21st
2023 you can go to the adventure zone comic comm to pre-order and I'm just gonna say so best one. Yeah
Whoa, yeah, there it is. I said it. All right folks. That's gonna do it for us
Thanks Montaigne for our theme song. My life is better with you
You it's one that you can really fucking slam dance to if you try if you try
Really hard, but do it. Did you hear their new one with?
the
The pronunciation is gonna be a problem for okay
But they're great the great
folks from the Eurovision
Show that did baby. Oh, can we to know?
What do you think about believe it? You know that guy? Yeah, you remember that you introduced this topic and
Then you're acting like we made you do it
So I regretted it so bad. I'm so sorry
Okay
And go to macro merch comm check out all the cool stuff that's there because 10% of all March proceeds this month go to fairness
West Virginia, which is the statewide civil liberties advocacy organization dedicated to fair treatment and civil rights for lesbian gay bisexual and transgender
West Virginians great cause and you can get some fun merch and you know, it's awesome do it
Okay, let's go daddy frere
Okay, daddy frere
Okay. Yeah first daddy for him. That's the person from your version. I'm not like yes what you're now calling Griffin
Okay, I want I want to hear a personation of bigfoot a bigfoot
Yeah, the truck. Oh god. Oh, that was close Justin
Oh, no, we got Ringo Starr
What another monster trucks coming in to stop him the penguin orphanage is here on a field trip not now
My name's Justin McElroy
My name is Justin McElroy
I've become Bigfoot
Life finds a way don't get your dad squared lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
