The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to One Brother, My Brother, and the Advice Show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, the real Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet, sweet baby brother, sweet-ass baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Now, I have never had any doubts about the validity of your identity, Travis.
What did you feel the need to clarify that you were the real Travis McElroy?
Well, Justin, I am a grade-A, stamped, approved, real, 100% American, verified by Twitter,
Travis McElroy. My life has really turned a corner. I got that blue checkmark.
Twitter has verified me. Everything's changed. Everything's changed.
So, from the way I understand it, you literally woke up and it was like any other day.
It was like any other day. Maybe you could tell me there's like a sweet smell in the air,
the sweet smell of honeysuckles, and you're like, something's changed.
The sun was a little brighter.
Well, that's just the warming.
The birds were a little just better.
Okay.
Okay. I think it's funny because there's been a big social media push recently.
Travis, do you know any of the ringleaders of that who are trying to get you verified?
The ringleaders at Change.org petition?
That was Anna Giles. That was a huge part of it, I assume.
But I also think it was just like my friends Kanye and Kim.
A different Kanye and Kim. Not the famous ones.
Kanye Mendelsohn, your friend that works at Twitter.
Yeah. And he was pushing really hard.
Dave helped me out. Just not a specific Dave, mind you.
Just like the general idea of Dave.
Yeah. I do just want to point out Twitter. Your verification process, it sounds really cool.
Considering that it needed no feedback from Travis whatsoever.
You're just like, yeah, that thug seems real. Click. Flipped it on.
He's real. I know. This is what they do. They go around in a circle.
They say, you know Travis? And somebody says, oh, I know Travis. He's real as hell.
And I don't want to bite the hand that feeds me here because I'm very excited to be verified.
But I didn't receive an email or a notification or even like a tweet from Twitter.
What would be the utility of telling you that you're Travis McElroy?
I guess that's true. But like, I only found it out because somebody who like follows all
verified accounts was like, congratulations on your verification. I was like, oh, what?
Cool. Cool. Awesome. I had a huge, like, I was going to throw a party. I was going to make a
banner. I was going to do a big champagne toast. And that was all taken away from me because I
didn't get any forward knowledge of it. By the official Wendy's Twitter account.
It was like, what's up Travis? Welcome to the club. Welcome to the squad. Free Wendy's for life.
The confidence that I've gained alone, not to mention like the immense amount
of power and benefits that come from being verified, but the confidence alone has been
a game changer. You become a sort of vessel for the hopes and dreams of people.
Yeah. You are the orphan Annie of us. You are like, the sun will come out tomorrow
because I have a blue check mark. I'm like a folk hero of Twitter because they're like,
he's not one of the rich ones. He's not a tastemaker. He's not a powerful person.
And yet he is still verified. How did he get there? Is he a journalist? Does he work for
some big company? No. He talks into a microphone seven days a week because he's a dummy.
Travis is an inspiring reminder that literally
anybody. Any old jag. Anyone. Anybody. Any fool. Anybody with like two brain cells to rub together
can get verified. Now Travis, you give me the confidence I need to pursue my
I live stream. Now that I've seen you accomplish yours with ease, you're going to see me accomplish
my life stream, which is to destroy Twitter from the inside out to eat away at it from inside.
Like a, like a disease. We have a lot of people who work at the trades listening to this podcast
right now. What can we expect from Travis's new checkmark to Twitter account? What can we expect?
Maybe like more, um, like brand evangelism, some, some advertorials for like craft macaroni and
cheese. I've already been talking about Kroger. I've been talking about Nylabone. They're,
they're followers of mine. I'm not going to take my foot off the gas as far as weird,
funny tweets at 1159 just before I fall asleep will go. You're going to see like three,
four times what I've already been doing. Nylabone is launching a men's fashion line
and they're having a hard time getting that ball rolling down the old Hill.
But here comes Travis and he's wearing a Nylabone Dickie, which is their sort of their flagship
product. Um, and he looks fucking great. And you, you don't know whether or not to trust this,
this Nylabone, um, shill, but then you look at that blue checkmark and everything's okay.
So Travis, do you think when you tweeted serious question,
shouldn't it be games of throne? You think people at Twitter were like, yes,
we've done a great job on that one. This is a taste like a good work here.
This is a, this has been Travis's tweet review. Let's just actually do it. Justin,
if you and I want to do a comprehensive audit real quick, um, just see what, uh,
verified Travis is up to. I know I've, I've been a little bit on fire for the last couple of days.
So you go right ahead. I'm pretty proud of some. A lot of tweets about Gallivant on ABC. Lots of,
wow, lots of, wow, lots of, wow, lots of, wow, lots of tweets about Gallivant, Travis.
You're one shot shop. It's a little bit up in the air Griffin and I, uh, I'm unpaid,
a huge proponent of Gallivant. I want people to watch it. I want people to go on Twitter,
tweet at ABC and say, Hey, more Gallivant, please. Thank you very much.
I do appreciate you, uh, tweeting with Ashley Burgess and Anthony Carboni about how great
monster factory is. I'm trying to get that word out. I want to use my power and influence to build
up my tiny, tiny brother's careers. You know what I mean? Do you feel an impetus, Travis? Now that
you're the real Travis McElroy, do you think that that may be as a point of meditation for you,
that like you always have to be bringing it real, 100% no games.
You know, it's actually the opposite, Justin. Cause I remember being in college and trying
to figure out who I was and I was like, what, what are the things I like versus the things
I think I like? Cause other people like it. And now Twitter has basically said, you are you don't
worry about it anymore. So now they've kind of let me off the chain because I know now I am
Travis McElroy. I have self-actualized you. Yes. I am the most Travis McElroy I could be.
Everything I'm doing is right. I never, in fact, I should be doing more of what I'm already doing.
There's, um, I want to dive into just a subject that's important to me real fast, if I can. I know
this has been a very Travis centric intro, but I'd like to talk just more broadly about the whole
sort of McElroy universe. Um, you tweeted on April 29th post verification, I'm assuming. Um,
there's no subject I am more afraid to talk about on Twitter than at Scott Bakula. His fans can be
very intimidating. And then you got a response, um, from, and I don't think we should say her,
her, her handle. Cause I don't want to say she has known in the community. She, this,
this user said, that's because they are more intelligent than you. Uh, which you retweeted,
which like, I guess is fine. Um, and I looked and I realized that I had this person blocked.
And I realized this because I've tweeted about Scott Bakula before and this person has come down
on me like a flock, like a murder of crows. It's amazing. It's amazing. If you, if you mentioned
Scott Bakula, this person will respond. Is it a bot? Is it a bot? This, this fucking Scott Bakula
Kingsguard? No, because they drop in out of nowhere and they will put you on blast and it's
been like a specific blast. Like even if you're like Scott Bakula is the most amazing actor on
the planet. I love him so much. They'll come back like, fuck you. You have no idea what you're
talking about. You're like, cool, cool, cool. This is like highly targeted. No, it is like,
no, it is highly targeted. I know that it's real because when I tweeted that thing about
being intimidated by the fans, a bunch of people responded, don't listen to blank. They are the
worst. Even we in the community don't like them. So like, this is just an outlier, rogue Scott
Bakula fan. Don't track this person down and tweet at them, by the way. I do not want them to change
this game. I love this game. I'm sad. I blocked them. I'm going to unblock them right now,
honestly. Yeah. That's why I retweeted it. Cause I actually, I respect the avarice. I respect the
community. Can the three of us adopt the highway, so to speak, and each pick a celeb and then just
follow, like add a column on tweet deck. Anytime fucking anybody talks about them,
we swoop in like Batman, like, hey moron. And just like give it to them raw.
I think somebody said we're idiot. Like somebody said, why won't you go on, they tweeted at Scott
to say, why won't you go on the show? Still, please don't do that again. Thanks. Thank you,
please. Had a lot of that. Had a lot of that after the last episode. Thanks gang. Love your
fervor, but let's bottle that one, that particular channel of it up. We have channels and we've got
people to contact. Thank you very much. None of them will work, mind you. Someone swooped on them
and said, it's because they're idiot man children. It's like, whoa, he just came out of nowhere.
All right. Let's pick them. Let's pick them. Let's do a quick draft for our adopt the highway
project. This is tough. I know it's really tough. It can't be somebody. It can't be like fucking
Brad Pitt. Cause that's your, that's your, that's your whole life. And it can't be anybody. I was
gonna say like a David Tennant, but I feel like there's too busy too big. Are you kidding me on
the fucking internet? That's where David Tennant, David Tennant basically lives on the internet.
He's basically like that movie transcendence. Should we pick other Huntingtonians? Should we
do this for like Brad Dora for Michael Surfer? It's like where we get, if somebody tweets,
we can defend them. Like how dare you? Um, I like that. I like locking down the H H town game. I've
met Michael service and I would feel weird. Like, cause if I ever see him again, he'll be like,
Oh, you're my weird Twitter Kings guard. And I'll have to be like, yeah, that's that's me. I'm
sorry. It seemed like you, I thought you liked it and wanted it. I've got mine. I've got mine. Okay.
Hit it. Carry OS. Oh yeah. I think you're going to have a little bit of competition on that
for if you want to be the person that leaps to his defense, but I feel pretty confident. I'm a
big fan. Yeah. Yes. I feel like you say the name, people know the name. He's got name recognition,
but I don't feel like there's already like a lot. I, okay. I would have some competition,
but I think I could nudge my way to the front. Thanks to a little blue check mark.
Why is this verified person so defensive of me? Yeah. That's what I'm saying, Justin. I'm getting
through every filter on the planet. All right, Travis, I haven't until now, but I am to see if
you actually follow through this. I am going to start following you just to see if you actually
make good on this. I'm glad that I finally earned your follow. Okay. Listen, this is an advice.
Hold on. You don't want to know who I picked. Yeah. Who do you pick, Griffin? I'm putting up
my tweet announcement of who I picked right now, but I've decided to just go ahead and do Scott
Bakula because here's the thing. This mean, mean, mean woman is doing a poor job. She's got a fucking
itchy trigger finger. I feel like this is more indicative of her wanting to say mean things to
people on the internet and Scott Bakula is just like the vehicle, the hearty Tostito chip that
carries her hate salsa. I don't, I don't play that shit. He needs a better, he needs a better class
of defender. You know what I mean? Yeah, I think that that's an excellent choice. Okay,
this is an advice show. Justin, you're not going to pick one? You're just going to skirt the whole
discussion? I don't want to commit myself to it because then I don't want people tweeting about
me saying like, Hey, your boy Peter Stormare is under fire again. Maybe you need to like get in
there and help, help take him down. Well, I think you just threw your hat over the fence. I think
you just, here's the three. Okay, listen, listen, I'm just going to say this real quick. There is
an at Brad Dourif Twitter account. It has three tweets. They're from 2009 and 2010 respectively.
These are the tweets I gave Mr. Dorf's rep the info Twitter balls in his court. Now next week,
Mr. Dorf is still not using this Twitter account. Sad music. I thought he has publicist would use
it for updates someday. Third tweet looks around, takes a broom, sweeps out dusting cobwebs.
This place feels a little empty. Only one person could make this place.
It's so good. It's so good. He set up a little like Brad Dorf, a exoskeleton,
and they're just waiting for him to hop inside and take control. Oh man. Okay. I literally just
added a Scott back to the column on tweet deck and I'm going to be watching it during the show
just for any fucking anybody who steps because here's the thing. I feel like we need this is
volume two now, right? We need new segments and I feel like we should endeavor everything that
we do. Every question that we do, we just like, we, we, we try to make a segment out of it and
maybe a new segment is like Baccala defense force. I'm, I'm tweeting right now about my love of
carryaways. All right. Well, let's maybe let's, we should all close Twitter and do some advice.
Yeah. I think that that sounds good to me. I'll pick somebody at Peter storm air seems good.
Like, but I don't think Peter streamer needs me. You know what I mean? Not like Scott,
not like Scott. Baccala needs me. Has to have me, has to all Griffin. I must have him while taking
a small road trip to Chicago with my girlfriend. We pulled off into a rest stop to switch off
driving while there. I decided to buy a bottle of water from a vending machine. To my surprise,
there was a cold bottle of water in the bottom of the vending machine. Just sitting there.
I took the water, but now that I have it, I'm afraid it could be poisoned.
Should I trust this mysterious bottle of water from a dirty old Indiana rest stop or throw it
out the goddamn window? That's from water weary water. I cannot imagine that they are still
waiting on an answer to this question. Yeah. Travis sent this email 14 hours ago. So, um,
okay. What would you guys do in this, in this scenario? I don't think I'd drink it.
Oh, I don't know. I think I would. I think that if I was like, oh, I'm going to pay a dollar 75
or whatever for the sunny and then there in the trays, the dishonest would be like, oh, swoop.
Um, I feel like, I feel like a true adulthood or maybe it's not even an adulthood, but like you,
you reach a point in your life of financial stability where the 0.0001% chance that you'll
drink something that will kill you no longer becomes worth saving a dollar. Yeah, but like
that doesn't like, okay. It just doesn't make sense to me that if you're going to go through
the trouble of poisoning something, why would you set a honey pot by which like the person probably
would be inclined not to drink it? You know what I mean? Like if you wanted to put a poison bottle
of water somewhere, it seems like you would put it in a, a refrigerator at like a speedway or
something, something that people would actually like drink. Not like you're not, why are you just
trying to poison people? You're thinking too much about like the physical poisoning.
What about like a curse or? Yeah, the curse is what I was thinking of also. Yeah, something
more along the lines of like, they have not physically altered the makeup of this Dasani at
all, except if you're the one who takes it, maybe you'll be thirsty forever. Well, we are all going
to be thirsty for like, that's, I hope. No, I mean like no amount of liquid, no amount of beverage
could. Unslakeable. Yeah, unslakeable, thank you. That would be the name of the movie,
Unslakeable. Unslakeable. I'm glad that we've pivoted away from poisoning advice,
which is what we were, oh boys, we were really dangerously teetering on the edge of becoming
a poison. Let me tell you how I'd kill a stranger at a speedway. How to get away with cursing water.
I bet if you could market cursed water, it would sell really fucking well. I don't know why you
would curse. Okay, the thing about a curse is that in order for it to work, there has to be
a sort of like- A sacrifice.
Like an irony behind- Oh, I see.
You have to, there's a re, okay, if you take a bottle of water out of the vending machine that's
already in the vending machine and you don't pay your money, you're just like doing what's best
for the environment. You're not throwing that in a landfill. Why should you be punished for that?
You know what I mean? Like if there was a table and on it said like, for service dogs only,
and you went over and just like drained it, right? Then I could see where you would be
punished for that karmically. Yes. And you'd wake up being a service dog the next day.
You'd wake up as a service dog, Shaggy, D.A.
And then like the evil wizard would show up and say, I said it was for service dogs only.
And then Tim Allen's like, Tim Allen's like, when the fuck am I going to learn my lesson?
When am I going to learn my lesson? I've got to dial it in. I know I'm going to eat this cursed
milk and cookies. Ah, shit. Santa Claus four, dog to Santa, kick flip.
Santa paw, wait, that's already a thing. Santa paws two.
It's like that time when he's, you know how the first one starts with Santa dying
and Tim Allen stealing his clothes out of Chili?
And then he's like, oh, I like these boots. And it's like, oh, God, I think I'll take these for
myself. I didn't think that the scene of Tim Allen stripping Santa's corpse needed to last for 10
minutes. Yeah, but it was like bold. And two of those minutes were just a close up on his
slowly engorging hog. Yeah, it's his wild hog.
It starts off- The long, long scene of him digging a shallow grave in his backyard as he
laughed covered in blood was, I didn't think it was appropriate for a kid's movie, but no one
mentioned it in any of their critiques. And his hog just fluctuated between different
states of firmness. As he laughed.
As he laughed. It was like, ha, ha, ha.
But then he got really chubby and grew a big beard.
And then we all had raging hogs. I think your problem was going to drink water anyway.
What's water going to do? Nothing. Yeah, that's it. If I'm going to try and poison
a fool with a vending machine honey pot, you know I'm going to put some fruitopia down there
and not some water. Because even if you walk up to that machine expecting to-
Even if you walk up to that machine expecting to get some water and you see a free fruitopia
waiting for you, my plans have just shifted in a wonderful new direction.
Like that HEB water you like so much, Griffin. What if they put that down there?
I've recently learned that it's being discontinued and I really don't want to fucking get into it
right now. Okay, sorry.
Do you guys want a Yahoo? I'd like that. Thank you.
This Yahoo was sent in by Aaron Keys. By the way, is there anything in that question
that we could turn into a new segment? Maybe like Travis's Curses or...
No. Aaron Keys sent this in. Thank you, Aaron. It's by Yahoo Answers user Darius who asks,
I want to be an explosive dunker, but I'm skinny and can do a basic two-hand dunk.
I'm 6'6 already and 16. I want to be able to catch oops, which is I believe a shorthand for
or hoops jams. I think it's short for Alex Oops.
That would be a great basketball name. You know how basketball players when they get super,
super famous, they can change their name to cool sounding shit like Larry Bird?
You think that was really his name? Because he flies like a bird.
Because he flies like a bird when he puts those dunks in the rim.
Explosive dunks, a little on the skinny side. I don't think that matters so much.
You got the 6'6. But he's got the height. You got the height is going to be good.
How can you learn to catch oops? Because I've always thought of that as being like sort of
bred into a child. What you need is you need a oops partner who is both taller and better at
basketball than you. Yeah, I guess that's a good point, Travis. A good oops is like a
contract of trust between two people. And ideally what you want is for them to already
be making the shot and you're just barely touching the ball and then you take all the credit.
I was the scorekeeper. You received a trophy for that, didn't you?
A trophy for that and everything. Yeah.
And so what did you learn from your time watching the people on the paint?
If I dunk every day, then I only know how I dunk. As the scorekeeper, the scorekeeper might
arguably be the best basketball player on the whole court because they have to watch like a hawk and
see every dunk that everybody does. That's why I try to tell people that I was the best one out
there. And you spent 10,000 hours as the scorekeeper, right? So you became like a basketball
expert. Sort of a basketball expert. You know, I got so into that groove. I tried to join the
wrestling team as a manager and it was me. And at the time to sign up for it, it was me and
seven girls. And one of the girls said that that job was only for girls and that I could
join the wrestling team. Wow. Sexism is alive in America.
I know, right? Finally.
This fucking fox catcher too.
Yeah. I was told that because of my gender, I was not going to fill that role. And I was like,
I get it. For too long, men have suffered under the thumb of the matriarchy.
Right. So when people talk about like the glass ceiling, for example,
and they say it's something that affects women in my head, I usually amend that to say just
women and Justin. Also, Willy Wonka shattered the glass ceiling with the Wonka Vader. I saw it.
Sorry, ladies. Sorry.
He destroyed sexism forever.
He destroyed sexism forever. He and Charlie. I don't know why naming another white man as his
successor shattered the glass ceiling, but I saw it in all of its technicolor glory.
I think he just replaced the glass ceiling with a glass elevator,
which is basically a little glass prison, which is arguably much, much worse. Explosive dunks.
Oh, guys. I had some bad old chili last night. Explosive dunks.
Oh, it's all raw down there. I think it's not about your size. It's about, it's not about,
it's not about the player and the pain. It's about the heart in the player.
You're on some Michael's Secret stuff shit right now. I want to give this person practical
explosive dunk advice. An explosive dunk, I think you would define going from zero on the floor,
you don't even have the basketball in your hands, to up in the fucking paint hoop from how fast you
can get up there and how scary you can be while you do it. It's an intimidation game, the explosive
dunks. I'm sick of this- But I think it's all a mental game,
Griffin. That's what I'm saying. You have to yell something out while you dunk. And
the first couple of times, maybe the first hundred times, you're going to yell something
and then the dunk won't happen and you'll look really foolish. But on the 100th and one time,
when you yell like, dunkums, and you do it and you nail it, everyone's going to be like, damn.
Damn dunkums, dude. Damn, Daniel.
See, I'm not interested in yelling something when I'm on the court going for a sick dunk.
When I go for a nasty dunk, what I want to be remembered for by my fellow players,
I don't want to be remembered for my dunking ability. I want to be remembered for my kind
and generous heart. So before I go for a dunk, I normally say something quietly so that only my
fellow players can hear me, but in a conciliatory considerate thing to say before a dunk. So if I'm
going up off the paint, elevator, magic man, go for two, the sickest two, I look at another player
and I'll say something like, next time it'll be you, and then I'll go for it. Or like, nothing
personal, and then I'll take it down there. Or like, you know what I mean? You have a lovely
family. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Hey, your shoes are untied. But only if their shoes,
I can't say this enough, are untied. Because it's not a prank, okay? I'll salute your shorts here.
Yeah. We're trying to play basketball, gentlemen. What if you, every time you dunk,
apologize to everybody on the team? Because I think if I ever joined a basketball outfit
and I saw one of my co-dunkers get a dunk instead of me, I'd be like, I wish I was the one getting
up in the paint and dunking. So like, what if every time you dunked you'd be like, I know you
guys wish this was you, but it's me this time, and next time maybe the next time it'll be you.
You know what I found helps with that, Griffin? If I'm running up to take it downtown, like if I'm
about to nasty dunk, as I'm passing one of my fellow players, I'll say like, boost me, boost
me, boost me! So they'll get a hand on me and kind of like help lift me. So when I do the dunk,
they're not clear. In their head, they kind of feel like, I don't know if he would have made it
by himself. I would have. Yeah. But you know, I feel like that gets them involved. You know,
it's like fun for them. Michael Jordan did that to keep his relationship good with Larry Bird,
because Larry Bird's a very jealous man. Holy shit. And like every dunk that anybody gets,
even in the games he doesn't play, he can't even watch basketball on TV anymore because he sees
all these dunks happening. He's like, that should have been mine. And it's like, you don't even play
for the Charlotte Hornets. You could also act as though you're acting on, you could shout them out
as you're going for the dunk. So sort of like, as you're going up in the air, you're just like,
Vladi Divac taught me how to do this! Yeah. And then Vladi Divac's like, hell yeah. Thank you.
Thank you for the credit. Thank you. I think every time you dunk, because I've never done it,
and I imagine it's like the hardest, it's the hardest thing in the world, right? Dunking,
it's the hardest, it's the hardest feat in sports. A lot of people say pitch in a perfect game. Why
don't you get bonus points for dunking? Exactly. Yeah. It's worth a paltry amount of points,
but it's the thing everybody goes to the shit for the shit. I think you should get points for
fighting and hockey too, but that's a whole nother kettle of fish. I think every time you dunk,
you should be able to give an Oscar-style acceptance speech immediately afterwards.
Like immediately just pause the game for like, it doesn't have to be very long, like 20 seconds.
And just be like, for this dunk, I just want to say huge ups to the Space Jam soundtrack. Spent a
lot of hard days in the old asphalt jungle learning the ropes to the songs from R. Kelly.
And oh, it's over, right? Back into the regulation time. I think the problem with that-
Larry, I know you're watching. This one's- Larry, I know you're watching. Just fucking
cool it, dude. Stop calling my house at night. Stop with the tweets. Travis is getting exhausted.
I think the problem with that rule, they used to have that. You guys are too young to remember.
They used to have that. But the problem is you have players who started telling very interesting
stories in 20-second chunks. So at the end of it, they'd be like, and if you want to hear how this
one wraps up, if you want to hear how it got out of this grape, then you'll just have to let me
dunk again. And they had a big problem with players like, everybody back, back, back, back, back, back.
I gotta hear this. I gotta hear this. Larry Bird, get up. I gotta know what happened to that chicken.
Yeah. So where did the car end up? I think that when you dunk, not only should your team
get two points, the other team should lose two points. Oh, that's really good.
Because really, that's what a dunk signifies. Like, I am dunking on you.
What if- Like, not like I shot a basket and made it. Like, this dunk is to embarrass you.
Yeah. What if dunking was like the golden snitch of basketball, and the first team that does it
gets 150 points. And the game's over. And the game's immediately over. And to sort of make it
a little bit harder to do, we're gonna raise that hoop up like 10 more feet, huh? Let's get that hoop-
And then everybody has to lift you up, and everybody's dunking together.
That's what I'm saying, bro. I'm talking about full-blown cheerleader pyramid to get- I bet,
but see, then you start getting folks like, I mean, Dikembe Mutombo doesn't need as many folks
helping him up. You know what I mean? And so like, Yao Ming is finally like, you know, he's not the
best shooter in the league, but I mean, he's gonna, he's the fucking Harry Potter of snitch dunking.
If you want to instantly improve basketball, start playing the game with a water balloon
shaped like a basketball, because what is that gonna lead to? No dribbles. Thank you.
Yeah. Soft passes. Absolutely. One dunk,
and the game's over. Yeah.
And it's like such an explosive finish. That's it. That's the end of the game.
What if it's a Gatorade balloon, and then it's two birds, one stone?
Yeah. Exactly.
You just put the coach right under the basket when you dunk.
Both the coaches have to stand under their baskets, too. That's key.
That's fun. And maybe we could, maybe it could be like a fundraiser.
Or a fundraiser. Oh, it's gonna be that for sure. There's a dog park near my work,
and sometimes I go there to eat lunch. I don't even ask to pet the puppies. I just sit on a
bench and eat a sandwich and watch the dogs play, and then I leave when I'm done. I feel like this
is totally normal, or at least not creepy behavior, but the other day a dude got all up in my face
about it. He said if I didn't have a dog with me, I shouldn't be there. I got flustered and left,
but now I can't help but wonder, was he the asshole, or am I unknowingly creeping out the
puppies? That's from Puppy Peepin Improvo. He is the asshole. No puppy. No, no, no.
The person yelling at him. Oh, okay, good, good, good, good.
Real quick sidebar. Anthony on Twitter tweeted that Scott Bakula's decent at best,
and I responded, don't be a moron. First one down. I'm fucking trembling right now. I feel high.
17 minutes, no one's tweeted about carryaways. Okay. We'll get them. We'll get them. We'll
bring them in. I still haven't picked one. Yeah, it's fun, man. I'm like, who the fuck? I'm like
fucking hopped up right now. I'm feeling punchy. I did a Google search for the nicest celebrities
because I want to be worth it. Yeah, sure. I want to be-
Justin, can I pitch one for you? Yeah, sure.
Steve Buscemi. Yeah, is he active on Twitter though? It seems like he would have better
things to do. But no, that's going to be a rough one because I feel like Steve Buscemi falls into
this weird category of just everybody feels like, oh, it's okay to make fun of how he looks. Oh,
Steve Buscemi. It's totally fine to make fun of how he looks. That's okay. That's cool. We can
meme that. That's easy. Guess what? When you make fun of Steve Funny, see, even I'm in it.
I'm too deep in. When you make fun of Steve Buscemi's appearance, that's not a meme. That's a
meme. Just think about what you say. Just think about how your words would affect him.
What about Keanu Reeves? How is that- See, I think that would be a busy job for you,
but I think he needs the most defending. It seems like he might need some help.
I think he'd really appreciate it above all else, but in a really chill way. Thank you.
Oh, he's a chill bro. I didn't expect that. I can't believe this has happened to you,
and I want to apologize. I don't even own a dog. I'm not a part of that community. I want to
apologize on behalf of them because it's not a crime to look at some dogs. It's not like you're
posted outside of where the babies chill out after they get out. The baby park where they can go out
and just poop and run around all day. And do whatever. It's not like that. It's not like
you're scoping out somebody's kids. You know what I mean? You're just looking at some dogs,
and dogs are there to be looked at. That's just it. That's just it. Especially if you're not
bothering anyone, and you're not doing shit. It would be one thing if you were walking around
the park being like, oh, is that your dog? Nice, nice. How you doing? That's creepy.
But if you're just sitting on a bench outside the fence eating your sandwich-
Now wait, but wait. You've just said it. What's on that sandwich? What's on that sandwich?
Be honest with yourself. If you're eating a sandwich full of things that dogs would just
go fucking crazy for, like bagging the strips. A BSLT. A BSLT. Then you know what you're doing.
You know you just go to that dog park just to see who you can get riled up. And maybe you should
leave. Are you riling up the puppies? Are you sitting there whispering through the fence?
I heard Princess Tickle saying some bullshit about you, and you're trying to get a kerfuffle
going on in the dog park. Are you a dog park dirt stirrer? Well, maybe don't do that. But if you're
just going to calmly sit there, maybe do a little candy crush on your phone, eat a sandwich, and in
between candy crush levels, scope out the puppies, I don't see anything wrong with that.
I just remembered another person's joke, which I'd like to say on the podcast,
which was from the hit website, Steve Don't Eat It, which is maybe my favorite website.
And Steve Don't Eat It once reviewed bagging strips, which they ate,
and said that it tasted like the smoky puke of a thousand maniacs.
I don't think there's anything wrong to look at a dog. I really don't think there's anything wrong
to look at a dog. Are they saying that you're some sort of pervert for looking at a dog? If
that's the case, I've seen every Air Bud movie. Does that make me a pervert? Yeah, it does.
It definitely, definitely does. It definitely, definitely does.
I have a few names I want to float by you guys. Okay.
Just like celebs that have been rattling around my head, okay? Tom Cavanagh.
Ooh. That's a good pick, right?
I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan of Tom, but I feel like Tom is like... I feel like there's a chance
to... I don't want to be somebody who I think I'll meet, you know what I mean?
Exactly. I feel like there's a chance I can meet Tom Cavanagh.
Cavanagh can really hold his own too, you know what I mean?
Yeah, Tom Cavanagh doesn't really need to. I've listened to Mike and Tom Eat Snacks,
and I feel like he's a podcaster. That's another thing. I don't think
we should do a podcaster because that's fucking weird.
Let me hit you with this. I'm pretty into this one. I'm kind of...
This one's been rattling around. What about Joshua Jackson?
Now, that's someone I could really sink my teeth into.
Now, Joshua Jackson I could get... Joshy, as I call it, I could get into.
I'm currently deciding between... It's going to be one of these two.
Either Joshua Jackson or Stephen Amell.
Who?
Stephen Amell.
See, I don't...
The arrow.
Now, see, that's going to be busy for you because now he's all up in the WWE.
Yeah, and I feel like he's a little bit too new on the scene,
where I feel like a Joshua Jackson, you're going to get people...
For example, I see this guy on Twitter talking about how Cary Elwes is so good
in Princess Bride and the worst piece of shit in everything else.
Oh, boy. Did you treat him yet?
Yes, I did.
What'd you say?
I feel like I could have been meaner. I think I just said...
Because he also said, I talked to Cary Elwes and he said he died after Princess Bride,
so he's sorry, but it's hard to act as a rotting corpse.
And I responded, he's alive and well and an amazing actor, thank you very much.
I think I probably could have been meaner.
I don't feel like anybody would say anything negative about Joshua Jackson.
And that's why when they do-
And that's why when they do-
You don't think you get a lot of like,
keep swimming in Dawson's Creek and stay out of such and such.
You don't think you'd get that kind of thing.
Okay, but here's the question, and this is really actually very important.
Do I keep a Twitter handle search for Joshua Jackson, of course, as Vancity Jaxx,
or do I keep a Joshua Jackson cowards column?
You're gonna have to do both. I've got both going right now.
Okay, that's good.
I've got an at Cary Elwes and I have just Cary Elwes sub-tweeting.
I'm ready to jump down anyone's throats.
Travis also has the Cary Elves with a V,
just like if people misspell it and they're trying to talk shit.
And C-A-R-R-Y Elwes and C-A-R, it's basically-
It's a lot.
I've had to get a second screen.
I do want to say, Justin, Joshua Jackson,
I don't think people are gonna say a lot of mean things about him.
And that's exactly why you need to defend him,
is because when they do say a mean thing about him, I don't think that he'll be-
I just wanna be active in this pursuit.
I don't want to be a hollow thing like everything else in my life, I'll lose interest.
Can we acknowledge the fact that we have been recording now for about 40 minutes-ish?
And in that time, in a 40-minute window in the universe,
people have said mean shit about Cary Elwes and Scott Vagala.
I didn't expect that kind of turnaround on this goof.
That like, nope, yup, yup, yup, there were-
Travis, unfortunately, I'm gonna have to take away your verified check mark,
because apparently you don't know fuck all about Twitter.
Yeah.
I was thinking like maybe once a day, somebody would say something mean about Cary Elwes.
I don't know that I've got the time.
Oh, I got it.
Pierce Brosnan.
Solid.
Don't even-
Boom goes the dynamite.
Don't even say anything about Pierce Brosnan on Twitter.
I will come for you.
Get pierced.
I like that, because I think that Pierce Brosnan seems tough,
but I think that he's probably a very sensitive soul,
that if you say like, yeah, go sit in your invisible car, dumbass,
like he probably cries a little bit.
Yeah.
And he should, that's mean, people shouldn't say that.
I'm gonna spend more time standing up for Pierce Brosnan.
Not gonna follow him, it seems like.
Oh fuck no, there's no way on earth I'm following Scott Vagala.
It's new in CIS.
Fucking no way, are you kidding me?
That's too close to the heat.
I don't follow Cary Elwes.
Hey, quit saying my name rhymes with Dracula.
Scott, I fucking get it, okay, dawg?
Let's go to the money zone, please God.
Yeah, here we go.
I'm almost done, let me, you guys go ahead and start.
I just gotta get my Pierce Brosnan column like up and ready.
Yeah, yeah, start the dragnet.
I'm gonna start talking about me undies,
the best underwear that you can wear.
Whether you're wearing a suit, whether you're wearing sweats,
you spend 24 hours a day in your underwear.
The underwear that you wear down there all the time
against your most precious materials,
it's probably pretty boring.
Me undies wants to fix that, they wanna make it exciting.
They wanna liven up your downtown situation,
like a Mardi Gras or like Carnival.
All these underwear is made out of sustainably sourced modal,
and that's a fabric that's twice as soft as cotton.
Gang, I have like seven or eight pairs of me undies now,
and it's like, I get excited to wear them.
And pretty soon I'll have replaced my whole collection
with me undies, and then it's just gonna be a nonstop,
just like cool breeze festival down there.
I'll tell you what, the me undies has become my metric
for when it's time to like do laundry,
because it's like, oh, on my last pair of clean me undies,
it's laundry day today.
Yeah, me undies is dedicated to providing
the world's most comfortable underwear.
In this pursuit, I would say that they have already succeeded.
If you don't love your first pair, they're free.
No questions asked, here, have your money back.
Here, have your money back.
There's dozens of styles and limited edition prints
to help you make a statement with your underwear.
Shipping is free in the US and Canada,
and you can save up to $8 a pair
with the me undies subscription plan.
You can get the subscription or a single pair,
and you can get 20% off your first order
if you go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother
for 20% off your first order.
Trust me on this, it feels so good.
It feels so good, they have cool designs all the time.
You get matching underwear for you and a loved one.
Travis and I wear matching underwear almost every day.
We text each other in the morning,
like, which one are you going with?
And Travis is like, the one with the different boom boxes
on it, and I'm like, hell yeah, son.
I sent him a picture of my bear dick,
and then I sent him a picture of my dick
with the me undies on, but like,
if you flip back and forth between them real quick,
it looks like a magic trick.
Yeah, it looks like a magic eye painting.
I'd like to take a moment, if you guys are quite finished,
to talk about Bowling Branch.
We have been sleeping on Bowling Branch sheets
here at our house for a couple months now,
and I can't sleep without them.
If I go out of town, I just lie awake,
staring at the ceiling, just praying for daylight.
And that's the way I've been ruined by Bowling Branch.
They'll let you try these sheets for 30 nights,
and I promise you, you're gonna need just one.
And if you don't love them, you can send them back.
You have nothing to lose.
It gets even better, though.
You can go to BowlingBranch.com today
for 20% off your entire order.
Sheets, towels, blankets, duvet covers, everything,
plus free shipping.
This is the only place that these are sold,
so you're gonna need to go to their website,
and they are super comfortable sheets.
They're sheeps, also.
They'll sell you sheeps, but I wouldn't recommend it.
You don't know how to care for them.
But go to BowlingBranch.com today
and you get 20% off your entire order
if you use the promo code MYBROTHER,
BOL, B-O-L-L-N-Branch.com,
promo code MYBROTHER.
This is sustainable, responsible methods
of sourcing and manufacturing,
and they end up with really comfortable sheets
that you're gonna love.
So one more time, BOL, B-O-L-L-N-Branch.com,
promo code MYBROTHER.
I would also like to tell you a little bit
about Smash Fiction, the podcast.
You should listen, you should subscribe.
Here's why.
The Power Rangers vs. Godzilla.
Gandalf vs. Dumbledore.
Batman vs. Dr. Doom.
The Smash Fiction podcast settles
the most important issues of the day.
Who would win if different fictional characters
clashed in battle of strengths or wits?
Smash Fiction is a debate-style comedy podcast
in which a rotating cast of nerds battle
on behalf of their chosen characters
and a single impartial judge decides who wins.
I think that that sounds pretty damn good.
Who would win in a fight?
Pierce Brosnan, Carrie Elwes, or Scott Bakula?
Scott Bakula.
I actually think it would be Pierce Brosnan.
I started listening to this podcast
and my first thought was, wow, this guy has a great voice.
And then I thought, man, I'm learning a lot
about architecture and design.
And then I realized I had been listening
to 99% Invisible and that was on me.
That's my fault. You goofed up.
I goofed up. You blew it.
I blew it, okay?
I just wanna get that off my chest.
I have another message here.
This one's for M Huff and it's from,
oh, a bunch of stuff.
It's from Weed Mom, Fish Ass Lover,
Cat Hustler, and One Lunch Man.
And this Motley...
My fish ass lover.
Nope.
This Motley Crue says,
happy birthday to our favorite whiskey dad.
We are so delighted to be friends
with a wonderful owlficionado like you,
even if you can't help it with all these gosh darn,
a little rude language in here,
ridiculous eggs.
Whether it's yelling about treats
or thirsting hard over ruinous elves,
you're our problematic fave
and we wouldn't have it any other way.
Here's to many more years
of nestling in the garbage together
and wallowing in our filthy...
Hey, let's look up that word
before we just say it.
I think it's a beast, bro.
Occasionally shortened to fujopan
or just a fujo,
this word is a slang term
for an extremely bad quality manga scanslation.
And now I gotta fucking Google that one.
The art of turning a manga from one language
into a different language
includes translation of the story
and editing of the actual artwork.
Scanslations are done by fans
for the whole fan community.
This seems okay.
Go ahead and say it, Griffin.
Wallowing in our filthy fujo ways.
If I just said,
like that's the most work I've ever done
to make sure something's not racist.
So please like, if I...
So the next time we say something racist,
please remember this
and just like give us credit for this.
But this may have been racist, whatever.
Their birthday is Saturday,
September 6th.
So they wanted this message around then.
So like this message so far,
I would say it's been just a complete catastrophe.
Just a complete fiasco
from fucking start to finish.
I'm sorry, Imhoff.
Imhoff, we did our best.
We literally did as...
That's the most effort
I've ever done on this podcast before.
Happy birthday, whiskey dad.
And just good luck.
Good luck to me.
I'm gonna need my own fucking Scott Bakula defender
after this episode goes up.
Yeah, I got one here.
And this one was sent in by
Love 9000, Yajra, Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajra Answers user, The Hooded One.
Who says, I've got a secret.
The Hooded One says,
where can you find lots of gold?
I'm a man in my late 30s.
I wanna have a lot of treasure?
Gold, jewels, rubies, diamonds.
Where can I find this?
I wanna have my own Steve Zahn Sahara quest.
I wanna have my own national treasure book of secrets.
I wanna have my own The Mummy 2.
The Mummy gets back in there.
The Mummy 2, still mummying.
The Mummy 2, too many mummies.
This is a good question.
And I'll tell you why.
Cause where is treasure kept?
In a treasure chest.
Okay.
Okay.
So like, it's really a chicken and the egg thing.
Because if you buy the chest first,
and then you get some gold,
just like a regular amount of gold that you would get,
and then you dump in the chest,
I bet it looks ridiculous, right?
It has to be at least three quarters full
for it to even merit having a chest full of treasure.
How much treasure do you have to get
before you sit there and be like,
I need to get a chest for that.
I need to get a chest for this,
cause that problem is like before that moment,
what do you just have?
Like a Kroger bag full of gold?
You've got a reusable shopping bag of gold.
Do you think you start with a very, very small chest?
A big chest is mostly full of balled up socks,
but then there's some gold on top of it.
They never dig deep in movies
where treasure chests are unearthed
to see this just like USA Today's
that have been crumpled up to add volume.
We found old black beard pirate Carruthers
secret chest of goodies.
Ah, sick, look at all these gold nugs.
This is, ah, there's mostly socks in here.
Here's a note.
Yarr, gotcha.
Gotcha, suckers.
Please don't take the socks.
I need those.
I need these socks.
You know, the reason they have to have real food
in commercials is that Chunky was trying to sell
this new soup with lots of vegetables,
but the vegetables kept sinking to the bottom.
So they filled the bowl with marbles
and then dumped the soup on top of it
to make it look more veggie.
That would be, that would be chunky.
Yeah, it was very chunky.
That actually sounds mad chunky.
And exceedingly crunchy, I would say.
I learned that at 99% Invisible, by the way,
so kiss here.
Well, but so then did somebody eat the marbles?
Somebody, no, Travis,
they didn't put marbles in the fucking cans.
You couldn't go down, but then why would,
but you posed it as though they did that
and then there was some executive like,
hey, hey, hey, from now on, real food in the bowls.
No, it's crazier than that.
The federal government somehow unearthed their secret,
like what kind of deep throat marble mouth nonsense
is like, somebody's like, listen, you need to dig deeper.
Dig below the vegetables.
Dig below the carrots.
To see if they're, get an x-ray camera
and run it over the commercial
and see if you spy any marbles.
You gotta jump into the screen like Poltergeist.
I've always felt that like,
this question makes me think of
how much video games lied to me
about how this scenario works as an adult
of like walking around and like smashing a pot
or like opening a box and finding money.
No repeats in there, yeah.
And how much better the world would be if that happened,
except that like there's somebody on the other end of that.
Yeah, let me hit you guys with this scenario.
You take a baseball bat and a slingshot
for the jugs and vases that they have up on shelves
that you can't reach normally
and you wanna blast them like that.
I think if you took those two pieces of gear
and basically were allowed,
you were given 10 minutes to just supermarket sweep
fucking guys' grocery games, the whole space.
If you do that shit up in Glenn Beck's house,
cause you know, if there's one motherfucker on this earth
that wants to leave behind a legacy of a pirate hoard,
is that fool that's like, sell me your gold.
I'm good for it.
Why do you need all that gold, Glenn Beck?
I'll tell you why.
Cause you wanna be the new pirate king.
That's what's up.
If you go up in his house and you do smash open a jug,
he's like, oh no, you found it.
Like a hundred golden coins comes out.
I'm saying when that dude dies
or just retires from television and radio,
he's gonna be like,
I know I've been kind of an abrasive figure, but-
Somewhat polarizing.
But anyway, I'm about to kick off my own rat race.
And then he drops a full blown-
In my house with bats.
A full blown-
I hate all my stuff so much.
You know it's not in his house.
His house will include the first piece of the map.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, you're gonna need to look behind a portrait of him.
Fuck that, no, oh my God, you guys.
Look at every chalkboard doodle he's ever done
on his crazy show.
And if you look up in the top left corner,
there's a little bit of the map every time.
Every time.
It's all so obvious now.
It's all been waiting there for you.
Pirate King backyards.
Me, Obama's a Muslim.
Yarrr.
Yarrr.
You crack open the chest and it's like,
fuck yeah, it's full of gold coins.
You dig in a little bit deeper.
And it's full of also some socks
and a note that says,
everyone forgets about the Hussein
in the middle of Barack Obama's name,
but I think it's important.
Anyway, congratulations.
Enjoy these $150 and socks.
I feel like the video would talk about
how it's all leading you
to the greatest treasure imaginable
when you open the last chest.
It's just a note that has the word freedom
written in block letters.
It's like, ah fuck.
He's right though.
Is he right?
He's not right.
No, he's not right.
What if you open the chest
and it had a million dollars in it
or like a lot of money in it,
but all in pennies?
So like it was really full,
but like it's pennies.
Yeah, for sure, Travis.
What if Sahara ended
and Steve Zahn and McConaughey
and I forget who else was in that picture,
finds, I think maybe a Beck and Sale,
finds the old sunken plane full of treasure
and it's like, fuck yeah, guys,
we won, we beat all the pirates and we did it.
And they crack it open
and it's 700,000 pounds of pennies.
It's like, well, let's just go home
because like we're in the desert.
Nevermind.
I'm not carrying this out.
The amount of money it would cost
to get these pennies from one place
to the other would cost more
than the pennies themselves.
You got us again, Glenn Beck.
Damn you, Pirate King.
Classic Glenn.
Do you think there's a piece of the map
in Glenn Beck's body?
Yeah.
Like the blue lady from Fifth Element?
Like a Horcrux kind of thing?
I was imagining more like Cheech Marin
in I think Once Upon a Time in Mexico.
You pop out that eye,
that fake eye.
What is that back there?
It could also be the tattooed
top of the dude's head.
Holy shit.
Oh, don't say it.
Oh, what is it?
Oh, Cutthroat Island.
Oh, whew.
It could also be tattooed
all over his body like Blindspot.
You always see Glenn Beck.
He's got a tightly buttoned up shirt
and his pants are always on.
You never see Glenn Beck without his pants on.
And apparently I'm the only person
that is weird too.
Because if you took those pants off,
Blindspot treasure map.
I've never seen Blindspot
except when John Hodgeman was on it.
But I think it's about one
with a treasure map on her body.
Something like that.
Which is also like Prison Break, right?
Oh God, all these shows are connected.
The last shot of the first episode
of Prison Break is a young man,
I believe Wentworth Miller,
taking off his shirt to reveal
that he has tattooed a map
of the prison on himself.
And that's why I said,
well, I won't be watching this.
Thank you.
Thanks, thanks, thanks.
Thanks for having me.
This has been a lot of fun,
but I think I'm gonna go ahead
and hop off here
before this train really gets moving.
I think I can still walk back to the station.
I would love if that scene happened
and you revealed the map
and one of the other prisoners was like,
fuck, do you think the problem was
we didn't know how to get around the place?
Like we know where those rooms are.
We've been in here for 20 years.
They give this to you in a brochure
when you come in.
Are you fucking kidding me?
It's on the wall.
Do you think they refer to that
frequently during the escape attempt?
Like, hey, I'm lost.
Whitworth, take off your shirts.
I can stare at your belly.
Remind me where the broom closet is.
So we're behind your nipples right now,
I guess.
Or what are your nipples?
And we gotta get to your other nipple.
We just have to get to this hole.
That's my belly button.
Fuck, that was what the whole plan hinged around.
That's our escape hole.
Into your tum-tum, damn it.
I think we took a left here
and then we took a right
at this art Chrome drawing
that says keep on trucking.
No, actually, that one was on there before.
That's not actually part of the map.
I should have clarified.
I kind of worked around that.
Just real quick.
I think we're probably winding down.
It seems like we're on sort of
the slow sunsetting of Yahoo Answers.
If it were up to me, we'd do it forever.
But I feel like Yahoo Answers is like,
you're going to wake up one morning
and it's just as quickly as Travis was verified,
Yahoo Answers is just going to be obliterated.
So I want to celebrate the good times
while we still have them.
And Brooks Oglesby sent in this Yahoo.
It was asked by an anonymous user,
which kind of defeats the point of it.
But this anonymous user says,
I'm sorry for trolling?
And then confesses,
I posted the diarrhea questions online.
And I realize now, it might've annoyed some people.
I won't do it anymore.
I'm really sorry.
That's the thing.
We talk, I mean, that's the thing.
Like we harp on people for saying some stuff
on Yahoo Answers.
And I feel like when somebody is a bigger person
and tries to get back on our good graces
and like accepts and acknowledges what they've done,
I feel like maybe we should recognize that as well.
You're right, Griffin.
Not enough people make amends sort of online, you know?
I just don't want to paint everybody on Yahoo Answers
with the same big dumb brush.
I posted the diarrhea questions on,
like they're owning it.
They own it.
Is the diarrhea questions capitalized like the white,
like is it like-
Like the Panama, like the Panama papers?
Yeah.
Because she tapes?
Yeah.
Is this a thing that everyone,
like when you say the diarrhea questions,
you don't have to say like which ones
because it's not some,
it's the diarrhea questions.
It's the diarrhea questions.
I'm really sorry though.
Listen, if this person's listening, I pardon you.
You're pardoned.
I feel like the three of us would be the ones to do that.
I feel like we would have the legal ability
to pardon people on Yahoo Answers.
I hope that we get a fucking email from Marissa or Melissa,
the owner of Yahoo,
just like giving us like a one week heads up.
Like, hey boys, I know how important this product is to you.
Just wanted to give you a one week head up
to like record all your Yahoo's videos.
Record all your Yahoo's for stockpile them.
Like take shelter and stockpile your shit.
Screenshot the shit out of it
and then build a house out of those screenshots.
I kind of feel like our regulars
need to start like field stripping,
like conserving them.
You know, like they need to start,
like have a bunker full of Yahoo's.
Just pickled Yahoo's, yeah.
Yeah, they can keep stored.
Listen folks, that's gonna do it for us on our podcast.
My brother, my brother and me, this one.
The one you're listening to.
The 301.
301.
Thanks for listening.
We have a lot of fun stuff coming up.
We have a couple live shows that we can't announce yet,
but they're soon.
When are we gonna announce them?
Like next week?
I think next week.
That sounds about right.
Yeah.
That's not a subtle hint.
We're not going to Canada.
Sorry.
Yeah, yeah, no.
I mean, we can say where we're going, right?
No.
But it's good.
You're gonna love it.
We can't say where we're Chicago.
We're not doing Chicago, sorry.
We're not going Chicago.
No, we're not going there.
But we're gonna announce, it'll be two cities, big shows.
It's gonna be a lot of fun,
but it's gonna be like a quick turnaround.
So just be ready for that.
We wanna say thanks again to MeUndies,
who are dedicated to providing
the world's most comfortable underwear.
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother
for free shipping and 20% of your first order.
I wanna say thanks to John Roderick of the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a fantastic album.
And I really like it.
We all really like it.
It's a fantastic band.
Do we congratulate our friend Lynn
for winning the Pulitzer Prize?
Cause I just wanna say that if we haven't.
Oh yeah, he did that.
Yeah, no, he did it.
We didn't do shit about it.
Well, if you do, oh, by the way, yeah,
by the book, by the Hamilton is commonly referred to
in the vernacular, the Hamilton book,
it's like back ordered on Amazon
cause it's the number one best selling book
ever on the planet or something.
But like we're in it.
So you can check it out.
There's a page where they mentioned us.
I do wanna say-
So now it's worth reading.
I do wanna say like a legit thanks
to anyone who like supported the efforts
to get me verified on Twitter.
I have no idea what ended up pushing it over the line,
but everybody was really on board with it
and gave me a lot of wonderful congratulations
when it did happened.
When it did happened, whatever.
And thank you for that.
And I really appreciate it.
And I also wanna say sincerely,
everybody should go watch Gallivant
and then tell ABC-
Jesus, all right, no, stop.
I'll be so sad if we don't get a third season.
Go listen to the other shows
on the Maximum Fund Network,
go to maximumfund.org
and just fucking click anywhere
and start listening to shows like Getting Curious
and Throwing Shade and Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Bullseye and Jordan Jesse Goh
and Judge John Hodgman.
We have other shows.
You can find them all at mcroyshows.com.
Is that a.com?
Do we secure that?
Yeah, it's.com.
Nice.
We do a bunch of other shows.
Shows like The Adventure Zone,
our D&D podcast or Sawbones,
Medical History Show or Schmaners
or Interrobang or Rosebuddies
or Cool Games Inc.
Bunch of different shows.
You can find them all at mcroyshows.com.
Scope it.
Okay, we're done.
Griffith, do you have a file of Yahoo?
I got a couple and I've been looking.
They're both really, really good.
House Pink One.
Okay.
You can't be burning through them
like you did last week.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
This is like a finite thing.
Aaron Keys sent this one.
Thanks, Aaron.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous,
but they did ask this important query.
Can I still vape when I have walking pneumonia?
Gotta have my vape.
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffith McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
The three of you went to a cave of a big red dragon
and is standing over a hoard of precious golden rubies.
And he says, what do you do adventures?
I'm a dragon man.
I cast fire on him.
It's very good.
I address the red dragon to say,
us, we're the hosts of the Adventure Zone,
a podcast about family playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Very good synergy.
Commit to the bit.
I roll to charm new listeners.
It is very effective against all odds.
Everybody, we're the McElroys.
We host the Adventure Zones,
a podcast where we play Dungeons and Dragons together.
It's a comedy podcast.
We don't take the rules too seriously
because there's a lot of them
and we did not take the time to learn them.
Maybe listen to us.
We come out every other Thursday on the Maximum Fun Network.
You can find us on iTunes or on Maximumfun.org.
I think this promo is a critical hit.
