The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists. He's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better
Better it's better
It's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother big dog Travis wolf wolf big dog McElroy fuck
See you lost it last this is Griffin McElroy. You lost it last week Travis
I don't know that you're gonna be able to get back on that log. I did it bad. I did a bad job, but I'm about
to do a good job
Because you know like it doesn't know hey listen. Here's here's what I need you guys to do this one time
Just like get on board and get on board the game cuz it's a good game that I've invented
Okay, just don't try just start now. Okay, so here's how it works. I started following this Twitter account
That is SNL hosts intro
Okay, and it's SNL like the you know the performer guest
Introing the musical guest for the week, so I'm gonna tell you guys the combination of
the performer
Introing the musical guest and I want you guys to take a guess at how good they are
It's selling that they're excited to be introing
That musical guest are you going to play the audio Justin?
I'm going to send you the links now for the various videos
Okay up first now. I want you to think what do I know about these two people right?
And I think that this is gonna be an easy one to ease us in right
Courtney Cox
Introducing Dave Matthews band. This is important Courtney Cox recording Cox our cat. This is Courtney Cox
Okay, okay the original. Okay. I think she's gonna be like
This okay. That's I think we're guessing the tone, right? Yes. It's like excite excited for you
At your bachelorette party. All I know is that she's going to
Absolutely scream the name Dave Matthews band. Okay. See I don't think that here's what I'm predicting
I'm predicting like I'm excited. I got this for you as a bachelorette party present. Yeah, I know this is your favorite band
I'm not that excited to see them but like here they are. I got them I booked them, right? Okay, let's let's hear it
Ladies and gentlemen, Dave Matthews band
Not even a little bit not that level of excitement not any level of excitement
It's like she's introducing the speaker for like an off off off off off Broadway TED talk
It's nothing a different Dave Matthews band. Yeah, it was originally gonna do it and this bad new
She met Dave Matthews band backstage and did not care for
A big jar of relish
This is shortly after they pooped on a boat and so she's like, I don't want to be associated with necessarily
Okay up next
Ben Affleck
Yeah, introducing Nelly. Okay, he had been Affleck knows
How important it is that he be fully fully enthused for announcing Nelly
he understands the optics he's going to be very excited like he just walked into the club and
Saw Nelly performing. I think he's going to have the energy of somebody introducing like
The poet laureate like a seriousness like it's time for you all to experience Nelly
Let's take a listen. Ladies and gentlemen, Nelly featuring Jaheem. Oh
Wow
Ladies and gentlemen, Nelly featuring Jaheem. I went
Completely. I went to this man. It's been Affleck with it. I think Griffin kind of nailed it. Actually like yeah brace yourselves
It's Nelly featuring Johnny time for the honored guest
Ben
Justin you and take a swing at like a good way to introduce Nelly. Yeah. Yeah, is it Jaheem Nelly?
Yes, featuring Jaheem obviously
Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Nelly featuring Jaheem
Whoa, that was good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good
I mean you you legally have to say ladies and gentlemen, even though folks don't necessarily rock like that anymore
Yeah, but I know I understand that. Yeah, I understand the difference but this is it's SNL baby. It's the old time
The old good time show the old way this one. I'm excited to introduce to you
Because of the combination of these three people Paul Giamatti
Introducing ludicrous featuring some 41. Oh stoked out of his fucking mind
Stoked out of his gourd if they had an orgy at the end of that our podcast would be the baby
He's gonna be so excited that the energy might come off as aggressive
Like he's he's so angry and happy to be announcing these
This is my this is my okay my prediction for this one and I don't know
I feel this way but I feel like Giamatti is bringing like corporate gig energy like he had like
You know, I used to be big into wide but ever since I tried biller-light and seltzer's platinum, right?
You know that kind of deal. Let's take a listen
Ladies and gentlemen ludicrous featuring some 41. Oh, yeah, man
Ladies and gentlemen ludicrous featuring some 41. That's how you do it. Actually. Yeah, that's like the best tone
Yeah, that's good. I
Suspected a bit of frenzy would slip into his voice, but that was just like let's get this place fucking right like he and he improved
Their performance by getting the crowd psyched like maybe they weren't psyched to do it. But then it was sort of like
You know what? We should give him the best show. Yeah
Yeah, mm-hmm. We should try our absolute hardest
And then he went then he goes and stands in front of the stage like a foot away from them and just like nods his
head like vigorously like he's so and he's like conducting a
And they're like, why is he conducting ludicrous featuring some 41? He's like this is this isn't my usual thing
But these guys can really these guys can really whale like
A bruise on this like like this feels like before he went out right?
He was like, I don't know these are these people are and they had him like turn on some headphones and listen
Like this is good. Actually, I could get down to this. I think I get it. Okay
I'm ready up next Bernie Mac
introducing good Charlotte
Huh, I think if this is close to the end of show, this is actually important information. Is this the first
Music act or the second music act. I don't believe any of these are second music
I believe because none of them contain like once again or welcome back or any kind of yeah, that's a good point
That's a good point. Cuz the second one is always always gonna be
everyone
Good Charlotte like that level and they've left it all out on the court by that point. Yeah, um, I'm been like
the
amusement
Like he's he he believes that there he says there are people who like this music
It's not my favorite music, but I recognize the actually completely agree with that energy
He's not like pumped about it because he knows that you're gonna read that as phony
Yeah, but he's like he's happy for you. He's pleased for you. Yeah, let's take a listen
Gentlemen good shop. Nope. Good shop
He was eating a big meatball sub backstage like hey you have to go introduce good Charlotte and he's like, okay
Okay, and he walked out there and said it's good Charlotte and then walked back and within 10 seconds
He had that sandwich right back in his mouth now. He's next to you. I would actually rather not guess beforehand
Let's just listen and discuss them afterwards
This is Phil Hartman introducing Bush. Wow. Wow
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, Bush
It's like it's like he thinks that the band is going to spray a
Neurotoxin into the studio into the studio Justin can also see the video though Justin
Can you describe the he's looking directly at you like he's a James Bond villain and you're James Bond
And he's like he's just found out that your secret weakness is Bush. Yeah, and he's like, oh you did, you know, well
Yeah, it's it's a it's like levels of intensity that I can't quite communicate to you
That do you have the year that Phil Hartman introduced Bush? Oh, no, I don't know the dates
That was 1996
Okay, is that good?
Is that good or bad or how do you feel about that? Things were not great for Phil Hartman in 1996
Stuff he was going through a time
up next Nathan Lane
Introducing Metallica and just play. Oh, yeah, really? Yeah, this happened
Uh-huh, that's what I'm talking about
Thank you for coming to the show Nathan that is how it is done fucking consummate performer everyone take notes
I ain't notes from Nathan Lyon
I don't know if Nathan Lane has ever listened to a Metallica song in his life
but that is like a
A dad like introing his kid like I yeah driving you and he just picked up Brady
And he opens the sliding door in the Odyssey and he's like Brady
Are you ready to go to Detroit to see?
Metallica
As long as we're sort of diving into the psyche of the get the hosts of this show
1997 was when this episode came out around the same time that Nate Lane was in a little film called Mouse Hunt
Yeah, he was rolling in the deep piles of Mouse Hunt money
So he was like I too and yeah, he could be he could be introduced at anybody who'd like ladies and gentlemen
Alert us boys like he would still put that stink on it
If we next time we play in New York
Could we pull strings to get Nathan Lane to introduce us in that exact in that exactly that would be incredible okay?
I don't think I have a connection there, but I hope so whatever. I just gotta say what a pro
What a pro okay one last one. Oh, no. This is the greatest one. I've ever it's not a dream Brody
Is it no no not allowed to play a dream Brody, but like if you've never seen that one
It sucks, okay here it is Daniel Craig
introducing the weekend and
Now don't play it yet. How do you think this one goes?
Hmm. I messed up and loaded I could see the video portion of this okay, well then let Griffin guess first
Yeah, I think he is
Overjoyed okay, okay, Justin go ahead and play it ladies and gentlemen
the weekend
Now once again Justin could see the video the weekend
It's like he can't believe someone is named the week. Yes my theory and Griffin now
I'm gonna send it to you cuz you gotta see it my theory is that just before he went out
Somebody told him the name and he believed that he was introducing the actual like concept of
Yes, but he was like the weekend
There's a shrug that goes with it like I and he shakes his head like the weekend
Question mark in it. It would have been a lot more power
This is worth know it's worth noting that this this a lot of the the other ones have been from an account
That's full of these sorts of things
That like like hosts introducing. This is an account that is called Craig weekend
mm-hmm that has five hundred and seventeen thousand followers and
They just tweet this every weekend. Yep, cuz he introduces the weekend. That's fun. It is fun. That's a good game trap
Thanks. I enjoyed that that trip down memory lane. I always loved that juxtaposition of
performer and
host
Do you think there is any thought to?
How that'll go well not at all after a tree and Brody there probably is yeah
I probably is a little script, you know you read what's interesting to me is the the tough part of constructing that game
What's trying to find any video where the host seemed?
Enthusiastic and it was Nathan Lane. That's it. Everybody else seems
Oh to range between like I don't know and like I know it's weird that I'm saying it too
Yes
it was a pretty good bit one time where Harvey Cattell was the host and Madonna was the musical act and
He said like I was so excited
When I got here and our and I just had this realization that wow, I have a much more enthusiastic gay following than I realize
Because Madonna is there it's good. Okay. So this is an advice show obviously
Okay that like enough said right? So what we do on this show is you send us your questions. I'm gonna set it up
Oh, here's the deal. Hey, okay. Will you send us your questions in BNB am at?
Maximum fun org and we will answer your
Questions if you need advice, we will help you where there will be other skits
It's good to have bits. I would say there'll be skits. Actually, I don't have any there's no bits scheduled for this
I just did kind of a bit
Okay, I guess get oh did it? Okay, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah
But let's get into it. Let's help people
I want to try to help more people than we have been helping because I feel like that's our real legacy
Well spending spending 11 minutes talking about SNL insurance is a bad way to start
Hey, hey, it's been 17 minutes
I told my boss that I have jury duty on Monday, which I normally have off
I gave the correct date, but the wrong day
It turns out my jury duty is on Tuesday, and I'll subsequently need that day off a
Game that I'm openly a fan of is releasing on Tuesday
I don't want her to suspect that I'm trying to fake jury duty and actually taking off for video games
How do I break it to her that I got the day wrong without seeming suspicious?
That's from misremembered in, Missouri
I think that this might be like a quantum mechanics problem in which by which I mean
The very don't understand that I don't understand it
No, the very fact that you have I don't think your boss would have thought this
But now that you're worried about it, you have caused through observation this thing to change
right now because now
Whatever energy you're going to bring to like actually I got the I got the day wrong as Tuesday
will have an undercurrent of
I hope they don't think this is about me playing a video game
And they'll be able to smell it on you. Okay, a couple of good options. What's the game first off?
I got a figure. I mean, yeah, I was looking through recent game releases. Is it cod?
I don't know. It might be cod. They might need
This is the new question. I'd be a franchise because why would you be I was about to say
Why would you be a fan of a new game? It hasn't released yet
But people do that all the time. It seems enough to yell at people on the internet about it. Yeah
Let's see. Let's assume it's Call of Duty because I don't like that. I can't be bothered and we all love it
Like we all call a zero problems with love how serious it is and like not fun. Well, it's really cool
So okay, here's my options one
one loudly like start get a video game magazine from the newsstand just be like
Can't believe this
This new Call of Duty is stinks. They said no you shouldn't even get it. Yeah, that's one way
It's to try to decrease but like I wouldn't do that. Here's how I do
Why did you even say why did you even say it?
Hey guys, this next one's a little more treacherous, but then why even introduce such a shitty idea
You could here's that because this next one is treacherous
Oh and I need to say that you should definitely do the first one before I mention that you should definitely do the second one
Okay
Hire someone to come in and intimidate you. Whoa. Wait, what at your place of business awesome
Hire someone to come in and intimidate you be like, you know
Oh, I you know, I heard that you I you know, Paul Calcutta is a good guy
And I think you would never run a red light. Don't you think?
Mr. Guy who loves having all his teeth. Oh and then cracks his knuckles like
That's what Paul Calcutta is means to me. We what does Paul Calcutta mean to you?
When you think when you hear the name Paul Calcutta, what do you think do you think innocence me too?
Yeah, well that the juror wouldn't know the name. I think right. I've never had jury duty
So he does now you're gonna have to fake it a lot of a lot of it's gonna be staged
Yeah
So they're not gonna have any way of checking up on Paul Calcutta and his case and if the name is Paul Calcutta
Are any of okay wait one step further Justin and then one step further than that then the intimate already infallity territory
Person says so if I was you I just stay home and play you a little video game. You're so excited
No, hear me out. Hear me out. And then question asker goes no as much as I love that video game
I love justice more. I will not be intimidated Paul Calcutta is going down
Yeah, that's awesome
And then your boss dad. Yeah, call Paul Calcutta's dad on the phone and let me tell him to tell it say his goodbyes
Yeah, no, you know what? I'll call him. Hey call me Paul Calcutta's dad's phone number
I just wanted to check to make sure that I had prepaid for that video game so I can pick it up before jury duty
Okay. Yeah, I'll talk to you later. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Thanks. Yeah, I told his dad what's up
Fuck you. Mr. Calcutta now here
I hear it. Here's another thing. I'll say there is a way that
You know por que no los dos like you if you go to jury duty Tuesday morning, and you're like
This man's guilty
Don't even let him open his mouth everybody we can all see it, right?
We know this man's guilty throw the proverbial book in him five years. Yeah, sounds good. Okay
that's a great day everybody good during I gotta get I got a hot get home the downloads almost completed and
I'm gonna crank crank it out. Oh, no, I got steam link. It's fine guys. I got steam like
Trial started start over trial start over. I got steam link
Anyone else think this guy's got big stabbing energy I do
I do. He's covered in blood. What are you talking about? Oh, you can't see it. Do a guilty now judge
You just say it we can all go home play Call of Duty. Oh fuck. Yeah, is that out today? Yeah, it's out today
It's out today. I hold myself in contempt
We haven't started what we haven't started yet. What you can't handle the truth. I'm I'm leaving you can't leave
You can't go someone fingerprint the judge. I
Want a suspicious eye he's got big step final touch the evidence. How do I know it's not a hologram?
Really that judge?
Hey
Could it have been the Riddler I said riddle and we all thought it did we
Hey, how do you know I'm not a judge, huh?
I
We didn't vote on who the judge would be
Can I be the bailiff this time? I'm not sure what he does, but I always like bull on night court
several times during your your interview to see if you're a suitable juror just stand up and
Produce a knife from your pocket and stab it into the table like in 12 angry men. Yeah
I'm gonna like yeah, that's nothing right now you like oh, sorry
And then you do it like five minutes later like shake out
You guys got to tell me when it's time for me to stab my little knife into the table
Oh, I keep trying to introduce evidence
That's a subway coupon with like six punches out of it
Exactly. I think we all know what this means. I only need four more punches till I get a free footlong
Interesting, isn't it? What a coincidence
How about another question yeah, sure, I
Don't have a dog, but I love dogs. I see them out and about I waved him
I'll only get an uncomfortable wave from their owner
How can I wave to just a dog without getting weird looks from humans?
That's from incidental dog walker stalker in Denver. You cannot
You can't do this thing. Yeah, you got a wink
No, not that the wave is too big right, but you can do like a hey
We're in this together a wink, you know kind of little thing
So I used to do when I worked at PetSmart and I'd see a dog and like I didn't want to talk to the owner
But I wanted the dog to know that I was glad they were there
Yeah, yeah pound it
They could go to the pound
The thing about the wave or the wink is the wink is nothing but the problem with the wave is that's a human greeting
If you want to smell well
You can't smell the butt because the unless you're like really sneaky like and I'm talking
Sam Fisher very ninja sneaky. Okay
Can you smell the dog's butt for far away and have the dog know it?
Just a sign of just like like a wave is kind of like a long-distance high-five when you think about it
So like you kind of sniff like it was a butt and they're like, yeah
That's but the problem with that is that it's very gross. Mmm. This is true
Maybe when you wave in the human ways back say like that wasn't for you
Yeah, that was kind of a power move is to have a dog treat and then you walk up like oh, hey
I just happen to have this dog treat my pocket
Can I give it to your dog at that point? The dog is like hey, if you say no to this
I'll eat you in your sleep. Yeah, and so then you I'm out. I will I am now this person's dog
It is that quick. It is that easy Jeremy
Do you see this could happen like that Jeremy and I'm gone all these years spent together over on the toilet
I forget what begging strips tastes like Jeremy. So just think about that
Remember how you gave me some sort of pill this morning. They would never do that Jeremy. They they would never
All right asked and answered I feel like
Do I do another question I do have so I do have a phone line that connects me directly to the clouds where the wizard lives
Um, yeah, let's do it. Let's do that before the money zone. Okay a lot of people sent this one in
It's it's on wikiHow and it's just I guess nobody wrote it
It doesn't have anything. Did I write it?
You may have written it. I mean if no one's gonna claim it I'll claim it
This is how to get rid of a nickname and it's awesome. Ooh. Yeah, people get rid of a nickname
Yeah, I hate my nickname and I want a new one. Well good news
This article is gonna tell you exactly that. Um, so we're gonna start with part one challenging the nickname
there's a picture here of a
person walking and they're wearing cargo shorts and a hip sort of rugby shirt and
They look a lot like Zack Morris
Which is only notable because in the picture there's a gentleman in the foreground who's yelling Zack attack
Oh, and the the tip here is don't answer to a nickname you don't like if someone started calling you by a mean nickname or something
You don't like the first step is to not respond
Okay, that's cool. If you're Zack Morris and someone yells Zack attack and you don't even acknowledge them
They're gonna probably follow you for a while going Zack took why wouldn't you like the nickname Zack attack?
I kind of rules. Let's not listen. Okay, you're right. You're right shit. Here's the problem though. What?
you're entering into a battle of wills right at that point because if the other person is
Deeply committed to that becoming your nickname. It's not gonna be a one-time thing, right?
They're gonna try to like catch you off guard because if you're a Zack and they're like Zack and you start to turn
And then they go attack and you're like, yeah
This is gonna freak this person's bean though, if they're like
It's not good they're gonna go to someone and be like either I'm a ghost or Zack attack is a ghost
Okay, ask friends to stop using a nickname that's an easy one good friends will understand and don't want to hurt your feelings
You could say guys. I know you think it's funny to call me Zack attack, but I really don't like that nickname
Just call me Zachary. Okay
Yeah, that's a good one deal with a bully but that is calling you a nickname if they're calling you if it's a bully
It'll be harder to confront them. Just ignore them and let them see it hasn't got to you, right?
Like it has though doesn't it takes their power away?
No
Not if you do pretend good enough if bullies call you a name to show them you're not intimidated
You're scared by looking in the eyes laughing and just walking away without looking back or you could say something like here we go
Again, this is boring or why are you talking to me? I like that last one a lot actually
But then the next one is I don't know why you keep calling me that but it's boring and I don't care
Me thinks the Zach attack do protest it too much
Yeah, that one might not have the power you're hoping for there of yes is boring
What do you this isn't for you? Wait, hold on Zach attack
Did you think I was calling you Zach attack for your entertainment because it's for my entertainment
Was that not clear how this transaction was playing out? Oh, let me explain Zach attack. I'm a bully. I hate you
Yeah, we are not you to define myself. Yeah, right because I am a very
small person in my heart and
So I need to feel big by making you feel bad and now that you've engaged with me and said that it makes you feel
bored
That's actually a negative thing. So I'm I'm fine with that actually
Yeah, any any sort of thing that I can do to sort of steal your shine? Yeah, right amazing. I'm a hater
I what don't you get bud my hater and now I'm drinking hater aid. I love it
I live for it kick you in the butt. Yeah, that's right it and I don't care if you like that either Zach
Oh, sorry. Wait, yeah, that felt good. Wait, Zach
Zach kicking me in the butt. So boring. Why don't you leave?
Why are you in the butt? Why don't you go away from me stinker?
Introduce yourself at the start just introduce yourself casually by saying hey everyone. I'm Jill
I don't know that I've introduced myself in a while not because I'm big shit, but also that I don't
meet people meet people
when I do I
like require a
Hype person not even a hype person but somebody who can literally just a hype person to the extent that
Bernie Mac is a hype person for Charlotte. Oh, I was a good hype person for you. Yeah, so just something to say
Everybody in this room Griffin didn't make the expectation setter. Yeah. Yes, exactly
That's interesting because I was going to suggest a Herald which I think I've suggested quite often on this show a few times
But it would be nice to just have somebody like as like an like a human auto correct
That when someone's like hey Bobby and they just lean and go it's Bob
It's Bob
maybe you could get a cameo from Paul Giamatti just saying hey everyone, here's Griffin and then you can like
You know hack into the speaker system of any party you're at just play that as you walk in. That's good
Oh get a cameo from Nathan Lane. That's like he's only going by
Griffin and then like you can play that anytime someone's like what's up Griffey and you're like, hold on
Let me hold on. Wait a second. I have a very important cameo from Nathan Lane. I have to show you
And
Also last thing remember that nicknames don't last forever and then there's a picture of a woman saying little Zaki
to a little boy and then as a grown-up she's like
Zachary it's all she says is Zachary and then there's a period and she looks pretty serious
So like but Zachary is smiling. So it looks like his his older mother is saying Zachary
I can't talk to you something along those lines Zachary. I'm happy to present
Zachary here is Bush. Can we just say that saying
Nicknames don't last forever is a complete lie because there are many like
Like people throughout history. It's like Stonewall Jackson. I've got no idea what that dude's first name is. I know I know
Yeah, yeah, you could there's so me. I bet there's there's war heroes out there that you walk around and
They were like in World War one or whatever and it's like tell me the story
Grandpa about your friend. Oh, you mean big boner Joe like cuz that's what they called him out there
That's rough out in the trenches
It could be worse. I guess little little boner Bobby
How are none of these suggestions in this like try to come up with a different better nickname? Well
I think they just who if your name is Zachary
That's all I would want to be called
Fuck. Yeah
Yeah, especially the last name is Levi and you can be Zachary Levi
Star of Shazam. Why would you be Zachary Levi star of Shazam? If your name was Zachary Snackery. Oh
Oh
Here comes Zack attack and I would be like fucking do you guys know my last name?
Just call me Zack snack. You've nothing else like
But don't do that. Please. Call me by my full
Christian holy shit, if your name is Zachary out there, by the way, I just gave you a pretty good nickname of Snackery
That one works at pretty much every age so and they could call you Zachary. So like is that attack that bad?
I
Yeah, it's pretty proud. It's pretty rough
Any more graph of Zachary nicknames, yeah, let me think
Shackler Shackery. Well, that's pretty good
John Zachary what if you like got went with a cameo idea, right?
But it was like a live-action cameo and you paid like let's say like John Stamos, right to like walk by you
And and say like, oh, hey, man, you've got a really cool vibe
What's your name? And you say Zachary and John Stamos goes Zachary. What an amazing name
Why would anyone call you anything of Evan Zachary?
It's fake conversations going on so long so long
I'm gonna know listen get I can get us out. We're going to the money zone. Come on
I'm gonna stay here with John Stamos
Brooklinen. Oh, no, I was gonna do it. Sorry tough. But Brooklinen makes great sheets and I love them
no, see you don't even know what you're talking about Brooklinen actually makes great sheets and
Everybody loves them, but it's beyond
Sheets, they got something for everybody on your gift list
You want a weighted blanket and a nice cozy robe?
They did a fun thing where they you they could let you pick somebody to send a gift to that's fun
I said, I know I sent a t-shirt to my wife
Sydney and she was very weirded out because why did I do this for you?
I said to me I said open the box and you'll see and is a very comfortable black t-shirt and she put it on right there
In the kitchen, you know what? She said best t-shirt I ever wore Wow this black t-shirt ever wore
I think she said it's so nice that the romance is still alive after all these years
They're alive because you know
Sometimes it's it's easy to remember to buy plain black t-shirts for your loved ones early on in the relationship
But it's so easy to let that kind of flame die out and it's so good to hear that you are still
delivering the heat after all and it's a great place to find a gift and
It's not just Lennon's either they got candles eye masks and accessories
Everything everything that you need to cosplay as candle boy the nighttime friend
To find the perfect present at every price point go to brooklennon.com and use the promo code my brother to get $20 off of the
amendment purchase of $100 that's
B-r-o-o-k-l-i-n-e-n.com and enter a promo code my brother
brooklennon.com promo code my brother. Can I tell you? I know no
I open I just wanted to say I open a Stitch Fix box earlier this week, and it was a fiver
I kept all five. Oh, yeah, whoa
Yeah, I usually keep a majority on but you know a fiver you got to talk about
This is the time for me when Stitch Fix really shines
And that is my friends sweater weather
Because I don't know how they do it
But every sweater Stitch Fix has ever sent me is a keeper
It's that chunky sweater like they know me so well at this point
They send me a sweater one time that just putting it on and I can't explain it
Makes me feel like one of the assassins from Assassin's Creed. It's a hooded sweater. Does it have knives in it?
I don't know Griffin, but there's something about it that makes me want to skulk
Yeah, and listen, that's because my size my style. It's all my own
It's about what suits me and what suits the moment and that's the thing man
You go to a store and you're like none of these clothes are for me. This is not my store
What am I doing here? This is not my beautiful life
And that's why Stitch Fix is great because they get to know you they ask you questions
You answer them you pick stuff you like and they start to tailor their choices based on what you want and
Your lifestyle and all that stuff. So whether you're looking for a brand you love or you want to try something new
You can try Stitch Fix
Freestyle, it's a style destination where you can discover and well my name is Stitch Fix
And I'm here to say that I love giving clothes in a major way
Don't look at me when I change my pants, but you can drop this beat and you could do that dance
My name is Stitch Fix and I like to do lots of stuff like even shoes or socks or belts or neckties, too
Come on, my friend. I got some clothes for you. That was really good Griffin
Thanks. Yeah. Yeah, really good. Yeah, I actually they
They paid me for that. They were like, hey didn't you sue songs for the ads and I was like fuck yeah, give me 50 bucks
Okay. Yeah sent me a $50 Stitch Fix gift card, which I was like good enough
So with Stitch Fix Freestyle, you get to pick your items and buy them especially curated to your style
And so you can still get the box. That's great
Love the box and then you can also buy items that match your style likes and lifestyle
And there's no subscription required and they offer free shipping returns and exchanges
So get started today by filling out your style quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother
That's stitch fix comm slash my brother to try stitch fix freestyle stitch fix comm slash my brother
Look it's a rough world out there, especially lately I get it
So let's take care of our minds as best we can
I'm John Moe host of depression mode with John Moe every week
I talk with comedians actors writers musicians doctors therapists and everyday folks about the
Obstacles that our world and our brains throw in front of us depression anxiety
Traumatic stress all those mental health challenges that are way more common and more treatable than you might think
The first time I went to therapy I was so ashamed and I was like can't believe I gotta go in there
Like I thought I could be a man and comfy book art was never in therapy
And my dad said yeah, but he smoked a carton of cigarettes a day
Give your mind a break. Give yourself a break and join me for depression mode with John Moe
I
Heard them. Yeah, Justin. I heard yeah, I heard them squat breath. I heard the breath Justin and it was like you took the breath
Yeah, you took the breath and you realize no
Yeah, baby. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep
Yeah, baby, baby, baby. I want to munch. Well, why?
Don't
Don't don't don't I want to munch do house. Wait, but it's not it's not over anymore
Welcome on squad. It's podcast within podcast profiling the latest and greatest in we've
Here's the first thing I say to you people. Yes, everyone tweeted me about Arby's
Making vodka listen folks
This is much squad. It's not the thirsty zone. Okay. No, we're for it for
sawbones
Yes, it's the thirsty zone. Okay
Arby's drops limited edition curly fry and crinkle five vodka is vodka based on their fries. Okay?
This is much squad. We have standards. Okay. Yeah
I'm gonna try to get some of it. Okay, I'm dry. I'm trying to get some of you
I'm gonna try to get some of it. Okay. All right, I need you to do by the way
Like a tasting video of that
With Sydney because you'll lie and say it's good to seem cool and Sydney will be on. Yeah
But here's the thing, right? Like this is what I want to try to get across
I'm munch squad. I try to make a difference and there's if there's an exception I'll mention it, but I don't like these companies
Just doing things
To get the headlines. I'm on school. Yeah, they're just wanting the attention from munch squad
Arby's doesn't think one good thing for Arby's would be vodka. You know what I mean?
Like they don't think they're doing the right thing. So when you say thirsty zone, it's not just about drinks, right?
They're acting thirsty, right? They're acting thirsty. Yeah. No, no. No, I should have been more clear about that for the beginning
I see that now
What do you I see it oh what I thought from five miles away my incredible rich
Wait, I heard you don't have supervision
Well in my bad form I have
Okay, wait a minute if you know wait if you killed Justin to do this bit it was completely silent and outrageously
fast I
Think it's more of us. I used
incredibly
Fast-acting poison. I use Kuro
Incredible fast-acting poison the modern beast
The modern beast
I'm getting confused by the Count Donut lore because I can't tell if he dies in you
Like a Jekyll and Hyde thing or if you're he dies his body dies temporarily by which I mean his soul
Is sent to hell. Oh, wait, why all his body? Yeah spoiler and then control his body to
Bring you the latest donut news. Okay, and then I
Evacuate him back into the night or in this case the 1115
But I really like listen Count Donut. I enjoy your presence
But I did not realize it came with the cause of my older brother being temporarily in hell. Yeah, hell sucks
Dude, it's but when he comes back, he appreciates things so much
Yeah, do you know this one scene where they pull the gun on the man and then they say he will love breakfast tomorrow
And it's supposed to be a thing that like you learn like oh nice, dude. Yes in the educational documentary fight
Anyway, I'm here to talk about
Donuts not Chuck Palahniuk. What?
Krispy Kreme has announced it Halloween is over and on Justin's birthday
November a very special day to Justin
Krispy Kreme announced their thanksgiving
Donut collection
Krispy Kreme is encouraging Americans to share
gobbles of gratitude
With no doughnuts this Thanksgiving season as
Boy, this is a kind of freshly. Sorry one second. I need to get to my compulsion
as 80% of respondents in the national survey say
Celebrating Thanksgiving is more important than in previous year. Oh boy. What?
Why?
And nearly half are planning to attend more Thanksgiving celebrations than they did before the COVID-19
Pandemic. Yes good
Hooray says Krispy Kreme people are doing a worse job than they did before
They're getting even more nasty
Than they did before COVID was a thing just pack them in like sardines and cranberry sauce
They're nuts off
Fantastic, I love this. I love suffering you do
Thanksgiving is more important than previous years
Here's a quote from Dave Skinner the chief marketing officer for Krispy Kreme listen
We missed out on so much last year
Including Thanksgiving celebrations
This Thanksgiving people have a desire
And need to be together more often and more so than any other Thanksgiving
Nastier and rubbing more
A lot more dry humping this year. Sneeze right on me Nami
So we're creating a way to share your gratitude with others in the most delicious way possible
Because nothing says thank you for having me to Thanksgiving like a box of doughnuts
You bought the day before Thanksgiving because there's no way they're open
According to a new survey even during this cooking and baking filled holiday
56% of consumers plan to spend less
traditional time in the kitchen
In order to spend overdue time with miss family and friends
That is a wild sentiment
More than that. I wish Justin was here to talk about this because that's a truly wild
I don't know how I'm supposed to gain literally
I feel like I understand everything less than I did before I read that
No insight has been important. I love that the insight Krispy Kreme took away though
It's like okay spend less time in the kitchen. So you can spend more time with your family
So they want to buy doughnuts from Krispy Kreme to include in Thanksgiving
The idea that lunchtime comes around and everybody sits at the table and they're like, all right guys time to eat
And then everybody just kind of looks at one another like who?
Who cooked who cooked food for us? Oh, no
No, none of us spend any time in the kitchen to enjoy your presence. Yeah
so Krispy Kreme
According to this new survey. I love the brand feels it needs science to justify the fact they made the fucking cranberry doughnuts
I've never heard you cuss before. It was wise for us to do this our top top scientists
We didn't want to but we follow the science we took this survey so we could prove to you that we don't need to make
Thanksgiving doughnuts and you all were like nah, give me those fucking nasty doughnuts
This is the problem Krispy Kreme started giving out doughnuts to vaccinated people
But once you start following science, you cannot stop right?
No one warns you that you're giving away everything at the altar of science. So here's the doughnuts, right?
become pie
What does they say about this one?
pecan pie lovers will rejoice over this iconic
Original glazed doughnut dipped in delicious butter tart filling then sprinkled with candied pecans and pie crust crumbles
I'm all right, so the audience for that one is people who like
To finally have something to be happy over because there hasn't been a lot of new innovation for pecan pie lovers
Over the last like forever like they got the pumpkin pie and they're like, this is great
I can't wait to see what comes next and then no one really ever did anything with it and finally something for them
You know what I mean, right?
Krispy Kreme guests can also express gratitude to loved ones
friends and others by packaging their Thanksgiving collection doughnuts in Krispy Kreme's custom gratitude box
while supplies last
Which features a space to share gobbles of gratitude with someone special via a note on top
So I can't you can't see this of course
But what it is is a box from Krispy Kreme that has a white part at the top
This is grateful for you because and in a blank space
So Krispy Kreme says congratulations. We've done this for you. We've made it easier than ever to share your gratitude
All right, son, get the sharpie and go to town. I just want to know I I know I've never said it before
I just have never had the words but now that I have this box I can finally tell you well just read it
okay, dad, it says
I'm grateful for you because I
Love you. Yeah, that's right. But I did eat half the doughnuts on my way over here out of nervousness
So I am sorry about that. So I was so nervous to admit. So anyway, that's the donut news
goodbye
Goodbye count on it
Wait, wait, hold on now we have to cut out the 12 minutes of screaming that Justin does whenever he gets brought back from hell
Yeah
Okay juice are you done?
Hey, yeah, no, I know you lose yourself in that was held this time. Yeah. Did you see anyone cool?
It if it was all cold and frozen, so the Eagles must have a new up. Oh, hey
Eagles are we still in hell? I want to start. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I want to do that. Let me do that
Hey Justin, hey juice I was held this time but yeah, it was fine. Do you see anyone cool?
No
Okay. All right. I don't like this bit. No, you can't come up with a good joke above it. Yeah
Anyone's name and they that would have been fun. Who did you see down there? Anyone? It's anyone any bad?
Okay. All right. I'm gonna do a real I'm gonna do a real joke. Okay
Hey juice, how was hell? You see anyone cool down there?
creeper
No, that's interesting cuz we've done stories for us
Bad I didn't I never thought of him as like the antagonist
Yeah, look at him and you know, he's bad Justin canonical a canonical yes
Why does he know all these scary stories?
You don't tell stories like that to good people you tell them to evil people that are going to real
Christian hell I never miss me ma me ma's in hell, too. What? Hey, thanks for listening
Not Judith keeper
She was so active in the DAR and her church
Justin last time you're in hell you said you saw limbaugh, but I was like you were only in hell for a minute, dude
There's no way of all the people down there that you saw like a big a big one like that
that
Statistically, you know all crypt and Judith keeper were they together? Yeah
No, that's the worst. Oh, no, they didn't know each other but down there cuz they couldn't recognize each other
Oh, well, don't they look the same? So the five people you meet in hell? Yeah are so far rush limbaugh
If your life you're lucky and Judith, yeah, right
But you know that they can earn their way back to heaven if they love each other hard enough. That is true
I
Yeah, exactly. Hey, thanks for listening to our podcast. We very much appreciate it. We've had a good time
We hope that you've enjoyed yourself as well till whole people. Yeah a great job a
Great job. Hey, we have a lot of very special announcements that I want to share with you
I'm gonna move through and quickly. All right new merch McElroy much calm
We just put out a set of adventure zone dice designed by artist and maker Aaron Jean who is also known as
Evelyn it comes with a bag with the Bureau of Balance logo on it. They're awesome
Also out is the till death do us part t-shirt designed by Tyler Reed which benefits First Nations Development Institute
We also have the Wizard of the Cloud pin of the month designed by Dana Wagner, which benefits native women lead
We have the candle lights ornament designed by Kate May which benefits the Harmony House
And of course, there's all the other merch on there including a mug for candle light
So check that out tickets for our shows at Emerald City Comic Con are on sale now
My brother my brother me on December 2nd and Taz on December 3rd. Both shows are general attendance
So there's no assigned seating but ADA seating will be available. You do not need an
Emerald City Comic Con badge to buy tickets to these shows
ECCC safety protocols require proof of full vaccination or
Recent negative kovat tests to attend in addition mass are required while on-premises and capacity will be reduced
more info and ticket links available at bit.ly slash a McElroy tour and the full safety protocols are available at bit.ly slash
ECCC safety
And we've started the zone of adventure in balance series. It's out on our YouTube now
Episode 2 will be out on Wednesday
adventure, it's an adventure zone miniseries DM by a Bria Ingar who is at quity on Twitter and we're returning to balance
Three episodes one per week. Just check out YouTube search for the McElroy family or go to youtube.com slash the McElroy family
Thank you
Thank you for listening. Uh-huh, and thank you to Montaigne for the use of our theme song
My life is better with you a powerful track that's changing the world
I would say changing people's hearts and minds and ears
And brains, that's very true. Also. Thank you to Rachel our editor
Make this show not sound like dump, which I'm gonna say put in some fucking work on this one. Yeah
We all had heard the original this one you your stomach's with ya. Yeah
And yeah, that's it. Thanks for listening choice. Yeah
Well, bye. Bye walk walk walk walk walk door slam. Wait a minute the the final yahoo
We yeah, we forgot open walk walk walk walk. Wait guys. We forgot to do the final yahoo
Yeah. Oh, yeah, man. I got it right here pulled up. I
Printed it out
All right, let's hear it
You're really walking walking into it like backwards
And I'll send you guys a picture of it later so, you know, it's real
This one was sent in by Danielle
Fish fish official official TV's Topanga
She doesn't like that when you call her that okay, like she knows that she played a character named Topanga
But like she's around twice on boy meets world and girl meets world. Yeah
You know, she just doesn't she just doesn't like it when you call her that. Okay. Anyway, this one's asked by funky David
Sorry funky funky David asks
Anyone got any funky soup recipes
I
Just clicked through to his profile, that's so weird
He's got they're all kind of like that though, like any funky tips for planning your own funeral
Yeah, it's cool. I feel like my funky wife and I have grown a funky part
right
My name's Justin Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. There's been my brother my brother made kiss your dad
Square on the lips
It's better with you
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
You're in the theater the lights go down
You're about to get swept up by the characters and all their little details and interpersonal dramas
You look at them and think that person is so obviously in love with their best friend
Wait, am I in love with my best friend that character's mom is so overbearing. Why doesn't she stand up to her?
Oh good. God, do I need to stand up to my own mother? We never know when we'll see ourselves in a movie
But that search for recognition is exactly what we're going to talk about on the podcast
Feeling scene with me Jordan crucial each episode
We'll bring in a guest to talk about the films that they see themselves in and also the ways that movies have fallen short
So join me every Thursday for the feeling scene podcast here on maximum fun or wherever you find your podcasts
