The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your miller's brother Travis big dog wolf wolf for McElroy
And I'm also a new brother and happy to be here Ron funches
Ron funches is our newest brother. That's our new brother Ron funches. We had to get rid of Griffin
They say last in first out, you know what I mean?
Yep, he's the youngest one and we needed some new fresh blood on the show. So we brought our dear friend Ron funches
Yeah, it's what some will play it called a studio reboot. Yep
family, yeah
We started with the family first like Ron has been in
Inserted into our family for a guy. It's been a few months now Ron where we brought you into
Have dinner with us
All the usual salads. Yeah, Christmas exchanges all the usual
And now only now that we've perfected the at home those rhythms that it took us decades to perfect with Griffin
Now we're ready for to make a podcast together. That's exciting. Well, it's fun. It really didn't take that long with me
Yeah, I mean he must have been you know, not that
Enjoyable to take decades to get that repertoire that only took us weeks
Yeah, I wasn't gonna say it Ron, but that is accurate
You know what? I mean, I just feel like I feel like you're more our brother now than Griffin ever was Wow
Yeah, I mean I didn't want I mean I do want to say it because I felt it
Yeah
More like our brother that Griffin ever has or ever will yep, I agree
This is this is so this is very exciting
Because Ron also has a thrilling. I mean, you know Ron from everything most importantly like us
He was a star of trolls and trolls world tour
We were only in the second one, but uh, you know Ron's done that with us and Ron does they couldn't afford you for the first?
That's right
project
Ron is the stand-up Ron does a
Podcast and Rhonda's streaming on streaming on Twitch Ron does everything but right now I want to talk about
I'm so excited for chop 420 on discovery plus
Launching I guess as the crow flies tomorrow if you're listening this launch day, why wouldn't you?
Can we just can I just can you just tell me what it's like? How is it wrong? It is as if
At some point I just have to go like am I dead is this a thing where
I'm just living in my brain
you know like a matrix style thing of a future that I created that I would have wanted where they feed me delicious foods of
ducks and
Extravagant items and then they're also infused with marijuana and I get to host the show and I had to sign a contract
That said are you okay with smoking marijuana on camera, which most of my contracts say, please don't smoke marijuana
How do you like keep a balance like how do you do have you did you like at any point did you have to like
Pull aside a producer be like just a quick update. I'm getting too high
We're still making a TV show, right
I have a pretty good tolerance. So it never really came up and also I like to be professional
So, you know, I didn't I have to eat that much and I just had to smoke on occasion
So I just tried to host and have fun and then smoke after or smoke whenever was appropriate
But you know, it never it never became an issue for me. I could have done more for person now Ron
What's it like having a high tolerance with marijuana because if I hear but somebody like just hearing you talk about it
Now is making me feel like my organs are moving around inside my body
It's nice and also there's pluses and negatives
I think having a low tolerance is fun because then it doesn't take much at all
You're happy anything exactly
Exactly, but then having a high tolerance could be fun because you learn to appreciate the different flavors the different notes of things and
Can be fun like people who you know people who love wine a lot are just alcoholics, but
Still have fun with it, you know Ron, I'm really excited that we got you here because this gives us a chance to sort of
Shepard the next generation of TV stars because as you know, this everyone knows we had
Kind of a huge hit series called my brother my brother me on the CISO streaming network
And now I sort of I'm so excited to pass on sort of our expertise
that we gained from those six episodes of
television
The number one thing if I may Justin yeah, please if you need to go potty during filming you say ten one
And it means you have to go pee and ten two
Means you need to make a dookie and you say those things and it confuses the crew so they can't judge you for
Releasing your your bodily stuff. So that's just something you need to know. I thought that might be some more sound guy made up
Especially the part where you have to delineate what you'll be doing the bathroom
I can't imagine why the sound guy needs to know that I will say the other day I when I was doing the live stream
escape room all of a sudden Neil Patrick Harris sprung up from his chair and yelled 10-1 and
There's no editing now Ron how many episodes are can we expect the first batch from
From chop 420. Well, you can expect five episodes to drop on
420 on discovery plus gives you a chance to binge them all
give us a chance to hopefully get people to rewatch them and and I would love to just get right back to making a new batch because
I
It's my favorite job. I've ever had I'm really good at it. I think
I'd like to keep doing it. It's just I mean that it's so fun to me because it's
It's like kind of a perfect mix of what I try to do. It's got the the chopped franchise
Which is the tent pole the cooking community is in the background of everyone's home
And then you add marijuana in me. It's fun. It's gonna be so fun
I just want people give it a chance you have the parts normally the hosts on these will like
Snatch a bite of the food, even though they're not judging. They'll like get a bite, right?
Does it is that the way does I feel like that'd be so much pressure because I I like most stuff that I
You know me like I like most things so I feel like I would be the one who's like, man
I don't know seems good to me. I yeah seems good. It's all warm all the way through and stuff. It's got salt
I love it. And then the judges would be like you uncultured buffoon. Yeah, that's pretty much what happened. Yeah
My anxieties are just yeah
That's what it was like to host it. But that's I felt okay with that cuz you know, I felt if people
Already cuz you know you get the like there's been other like pot
of cooking shows they're all like real laid-back and stuff and I think this one, you know
People were really going for that $10,000 is a lot of these chefs
Hadn't worked that much recently because the pandemic of course, you know
And so I was like, oh I can kind of like there's other people's jobs that tear apart their dishes or whatever
like I think it's my job to kind of just
Let everybody shine and you know and kind of cheerlead for everybody and support all the people and and I'm
Good at that. So that's kind of what became my role in the whole show now
Was there was there ever a moment and I know you can't give spoilers wrong
But was there ever a moment where somebody finished their dish and realized they'd forgot to put marijuana in it and just kind of sprinkled
it on top
That's what I would do
All right, let's get into like let's I mean I want to help people yeah, especially we have something actually knows they're talking about for a change
Let's go my friend and I have been talking a lot in the past several conversations
We have had she has mentioned a hat that I knitted for her
She had thanked me many times for it and made comments about how much she likes it
I had no memory of ever giving her a hat, but I do knit
So I assume I gave it to her a long time ago and it has slipped my mind
For this reason I've mostly just given a vague you're welcome anytime
Recently, I was at her house and she pointed out the very well-made hat to me brothers. I did not make this hat
Shit brothers and Ron Funches. I did not make this hat
She has now asked me a couple times whether she can pay me to make another one like it
Do I agree to make her another hat under the guise of being the original has creator?
Do I come clean and face questioning about why I pretended to remember making the hat?
That's from knitting confusion in North Carolina
You should have told the truth the first time
I don't know how many times we have to tell people this but I feel like if you lie one time
That's kind of you've made that decision. I don't know
I know I just had to commit to the lie now. You've got to commit now
You've made a prison of lies and you're living it. This feels like a different scenario though because they didn't lie. Someone said
Did you make that hat and they thought I've made a lot of hats. I don't remember it but probably yeah
Yeah, sure. Like I don't know. I think that that was just more of like, you know, you assumed you made the hat
No, no, she pointed the hat out. Did you remember the part from the now friend pointed the hat out to you at their house?
But that was after they had already said that they made it that was after the assumption
That well, that's called what it is. You're not wrong the lie, but it was kind of an accidental lie. No, no, no
Can I point out one thing, please? And I'm not a judge. I'm very
Sex positive in all things, but this person sounds like a bit of a hat floozy
Okay. Yeah
random hats from
Whoever to the point that they don't know what they got to have from
That's a good point there how many hats is this person getting yeah
You want out there but don't
Don't then turn around and then make other people feel bad about it
I feel like maybe yeah, you go ahead and say I will make you another hat
And but it doesn't have to be like that hat you just go look each one is a piece of art that I've made
That was the mood. I was in for the previous hat and now you get this other style hat
I bet you they don't they won't say anything. I'm not the me I was when I made that hat. Mm-hmm
Right, that's not a lie, right? You're not you're not the person who made that
It's actually pretty good
You know what we said that once you live one time but Travis kind of inadvertently made a decent point in that
um
You did have a one off ramp you had a chance
You had one chance when you saw the hat to be like, oh, okay
This is I'm sorry. I was confused about a different hat. This is not my work
I think there's a miscommunication, but you didn't do that and that was the last chance you didn't do that
Yeah, you have to live with this. You cannot go back. It's too wild. Yeah, that was when the mistake was made
The only out now is to truly just like borrow that half
I go like I'm gonna need this hat to recreate it and then you just have to spend your life
Trying to recreate that hat perfectly
Yeah, yeah, I mean I didn't want to say it but I think that's your option
You could also just stop talking to this person. Yeah, that's that's cut him out of your life. Yeah, that's always the option
I think that weren't so many times. I have would you guys like a Yahoo answer?
Oh, man, it's still a little fresh the wounds still a little fresh because it is
dying on
Well, I mean the last day to submit questions is tomorrow
But yeah, Trav. Yeah, I guess I guess I guess I guess so. Yeah. Okay. I'm filling in for Griffin here
So it's weird. This is uncharted territory for me. But here we go
This was sent in by Ben Kent. I believe the Wizards been can't if I remember correctly
It's asked by an anonymous Yahoo answers user who I'm going to call Griffin McElroy and Griffin McElroy asks
Do you think frogs even like eating bugs or is it just their nature instinct? I
like this question because it does posit the idea of like a frog like eating a bug like oh
I wish I could eat
Oh
Gross
Yeah, I mean I guess bugs are just I think it is probably instinctual well
Would you have to be taught where but your bet your parents probably have to teach you which ones are bugs, right?
Crogues I think apples are like very large stationary bugs, you know or
Cars are like gigantic metal bugs that you can eat like your parents have to teach you bug from not bug
I would assume
Well, do you think after a while like you you eat bugs for a while?
And then you see like a human being like having a hamburger and you're like wait, hold on. What the fuck is that?
No, no, I don't you don't think that happens. I don't think so. No, it's so big
You know, I think her to you you're out there. There's a lot of options. There's other things the tap hole
Oh, I guess you wouldn't use a tadpole. Oh god. No
Oh, that'd be ghoulish get yourself kicked out. Yeah kicked out of your frog family
I like to see what happens with that one and to tell you the truth, but I feel like you you love the bug
There's other options you could be having and you're choosing the bugs. I mean, I like crab
Well crabs was bugs of the sea, you know who we who we?
Who are we to judge frogs? No, I was just asking who we were just
Oh, oh Ron, um, we're the McElroy brothers. Yeah, you us three. Oh, yes
I mean like I feel like nature's part of it, but there's definitely some trial and error
Right. I mean you're definitely gonna eat something. It's not a bug and it turns out it was a pop cap. It's like oh, man
Yeah, I don't want that and also I feel like they eat certain bugs right not every bug passes the test
There's some type of palette involved
You gotta like some bugs more than other bugs, I guess well, I mean Timon and Pumbaa did teach us that like one
Bugs are delicious. But two there's got to be bugs that frogs are like, oh shit. Yeah that bug. That's the best bug
We'd love eating those bugs those bugs though. Those are the bad tasting bugs. We don't like those bugs
Probably
Yeah science
Here's another question while in a car with my new co-workers. I was offered a piece of hard candy
I had never tried before I
Gratefully accepted and I was enjoying the candy when I realized it was chewable
Now I'm sitting in the back seat trying desperately to figure out if this is supposed to be gum or something to be eaten
I've been setting the way my co-workers are moving their jaws and I still don't know what this candy is
What should I do? I really don't want to embarrass myself in front of my new friends
That's her full mix of Florida. Wow. Well, first of all, they probably been holding on to this for a long time now. Yeah
Yeah, there's no way we've got to this person in time to help
Gotta be stale by now or the mouth. They're just really chewing.
I enjoy that the person this question asker did not tell us what candy this is. They don't know. They don't know
It's a new experience to them. They don't even okay, okay
Which is the thing that I like about them first of all that they were open to new candies
I like that as a person to me that tells me
That you've already found friends that are gonna like you and enjoy you that that you were open and willing to try a new candy
Experience you never had before. I'm gonna even if it's new to you
I refuse to believe you got a friend up in the front. They're like, hey, do you want candy? Do you want a candy?
Yeah, hey everybody. I'm gonna enjoy a candy
I feel like to enjoy a candy with me. No one would say it that way you serial killer. They would say a piece of candy
That's so dumb to script. I couldn't answer that
How do I know if I what if you got good and plenty's up there and I'm gonna subject myself to that
Come on now, first of all good and plenty's are fine. Disrespect. Thank you so much
Oh, thank you my brother back you
Understand if you've had the most majority of good and plenty's are stale and inedible bricks
But if you just happen to have a lucky day, you'll find it a fresh batch of good and plenty's
It'll change your opinion. Really Ron. I just can't I can't get on board with it
Maybe it's like, you know, it's been a long time since I've tried him
I'm older now and I've learned a lot about the wrong person's candy. That's a dope candy
You need a mature
Palate to enjoy a good and plenty
I also I think I have a soft spot in my heart for good and plenty
Because they basically the name of them like there's fine. They're fine. There's a lot of them
Like the claim to fame is they're okay, and there's more than you expect
It was just true they feel it to the brim. Yeah, they know what they are
You know, they're not called like excellent and plenty. They're good
Okay, but you have okay, but what?
What you have said it has a grain of truth. Not the good part, but the plenty part is interesting because
most snack or junk type foods
Market themselves on their crave ability. Yep, like if you think about Pringles like once you popped off the fun
Don't stop lace potato chips bet you can't eat just one
Right what good and plenty has the gust to say is you will get to a point where you're like, I've had plenty of these
Yeah
One serving in here this is fine. Yeah, this is good
I'm at a good level with these
Yeah, we just need something to chew on yeah good and plenty is there for yeah, I mean you're not wrong
It's it's a fair point. What was the question? Oh, I don't just swallow it
I mean you're gonna swallow it one way or the other might as well swallow it right now just swallow it
Yeah
And if it started off as a hard candy that got chewable odds are it's a candy not a gum
Like I don't know many gums that start off that way unless you're like
Even the hardest of the icebreakers, you know aren't like a hard candy
I think it must be a candy with a gooey
Chewy metal in the same family of a good and plenty or now
Eminem's I have been tricked by a mentos before because a mentos it's original right is
Seems so much like gum and it's not and then there's mentos gum
Which is almost exactly the same as mentos
Except it's gum. It's it's it's really fucking with me guys. I think you figured out what it was
I think it must be a mentos. It's gotta be right. It's confusing shit. Oh, I
Guess I mean, I guess it's possible anything's possible in this world, but I don't know you just got a dream
I guess you just swallow it
Um, that's actually where I'm gonna come down no matter what it is. And and I think that you're I think you can later
Be like that candy was great. What was that? Oh, maybe can you stash it?
Can you kind of park it like you're supposed to do nicotine gum just like park it behind your lower lip and just be like
Oh, that was great. I've finished it. I've either spit it out or swallowed it
I finished mine. I'm done. What was that again?
I want to buy more later so I can either swallow more or spit out more pieces of it. Yes first. I'm done
My candy experience is complete
This is why cars should never have gotten rid of ashtrays in the door handles
Cuz that's what you could have hidden this but not now there's not a good receptacle for this in cars these days
Bring back car ashtrays. You guys remember those? Yeah
Lincoln Continental
Realize we were dealing with the royalty
I work in an engineering company and my co-worker Kyle has been acting strange lately with others and myself
He pins blame on other people and out outright avoids projects with with problems
But he's fine with with me for some reason. I have no quarrel with him and relatively just chill with others
We're going out to a brew house tonight with everyone in the department invited
Should I invite Kyle?
That's her anti-social engineer in York. Oof
Kyle on the outs
poor Kyle
Hmm. He seemed like he's making this problem
Here's the thing though. Kyle seems fine with the question asker for some reason
Yeah, I don't know that I don't want to throw that away
You don't want to get on Kyle's bad side
Mmm, that's true. Cuz that way if you can play both
You get the full scope of the office, right? Yeah
You get the anti Kyle people tell you things and then you can tell the Kyle telling you his crazy side
your little Kyle birds
Your little Kyle birds telling you all your secrets. I want to keep a Kyle on my side
Yeah, I don't think I want to ostracize Kyle
Especially you might be all that Kyle has and that's gonna be hurtful. I think that's more important to foster that relationship
With Kyle cuz he really depends on you
Yeah, I think you can just sort of toss it by the wayside, you know
You might be able to bring Kyle back to the fold
You know what I mean? You might be able to reach out and help Kyle exactly because it says he's been acting strange lately
Kyle wasn't always like this
Mmm, something's happened to Kyle something's going on with Kyle and Kyle's Kyle
Divided against himself cannot stand you guys. Oh, wow. You gotta build Kyle up not tear Kyle down
Yes behind every powerful Kyle. There's a good friend
It's maybe time to invent something that happened with Kyle that you can tell everybody else that they'll be nicer to Kyle
Is that like Kyle's been going through a hard time lately?
I what kind of hard time you can say heartbreak and heartbreak is so
Versatile it really is because people might assume romance, but you can have your heart broken about a lot of things, you know
Yeah, heartbreak can come from anywhere
Welcome to our comedy podcast. Well anything can make you sad my friend
Ron you've probably had pretend jobs for about as long as we've had pretend jobs
Do you find it hard to reconnect to questions like this and remember what it was like to to have like?
co-workers that that you needed to navigate on a daily basis instead of just sort of like transient relationships with the
With the ebb and flow of the entertainment industry
Yeah, I can still remember
No, because I've always used it as motivation. I can still like hear a bank call center
a phone calls going off in the back of my head so I can still
Remember it, but that's also what makes me feel like yeah
This is a make-or-break deal, right?
Cuz Kyle's gonna find out about this party no matter what no one no matter what that Ron makes a great point
It is 100% assured Kyle will find out about the party, especially if people don't like Kyle. They will tell Kyle
Oh, I didn't see you there. What were you Kyle? They will tell Kyle. Mm-hmm
I say bring Kyle what's the worst that could happen with him just coming out?
Oh, he blames other people and he avoids work. That sounds like a cool guy in regular life to me
Yeah, you're outside company hours you leave the company stuff at home at five o'clock
You're like, let's go just hang as regular people and what's going on the day work doesn't matter anymore
Unless it's your company then that's the part in it's the problem
Hey Ron that actually reminds me to ask you does the cast of trolls ever get together and hang out?
Cuz we haven't been getting those invites if that's the case. Yeah, that's been happening
We haven't been on that list. Like are you and Anna Kendrick hanging out a lot? I
Didn't know that I mean, I thought you I just thought you guys were busy. Oh
Okay
Okay, so the same rock what they told me every time, you know at the at the crew on the cruise
There's a cruise
Last year
You know Ron we were supposed to
This is gonna be hard for you to hear but we were supposed to go to the premiere of the movie
Yeah, now they did explicitly tell us we couldn't bring anybody
And they wouldn't pay for our flights
But we were somewhat invited they would permit our fucking human meat
This space with the other people where we would be within like I'll probably not we would probably be in the overflow party
Where you're seeing Justin Timberlake on a jumbotron? Yeah run through five minutes
but um
the and really the greatest hole covered
It but we that got that didn't happen because they didn't do that
So we didn't get to go to that and that was probably like our one big
I feel like our one big shot. That was our chance
I was sad about that too because my mom was sad cuz she wanted to meet Mary J
Blige and I wanted to meet George Clinton
So I also understand sad and if it makes you feel better
I like, you know that I shot something just yesterday that
The assistant director wanted to let me know that well because I was coming in at the time
I did I technically wasn't supposed to have lunch if I wanted if I was really hungry to find a way to get
What's great about that no I have to know stop don't move forward rod
I have to know what your response was were you hungry enough where you're like, see what you can scrounge? No
I was actually at that point very very thankful that my wife had packed me a protein shake so that I could just go
No, I'm fine. I
Don't need your pity BLT. Yeah, I don't need you. Yeah, exactly. Oh, thank you
It's wild that the strap the different like
Strata of that, you know, I'll tell you a wild thing. You probably seen stuff like this
But we did our I don't know if you heard but we did six episodes of a streaming TV show
And it was on season network. Yeah, I was on the season network and we shot it and well
What what the heck travel do we shoot that in 2016? Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so we shot that in 2016
the the craft services table
which if you don't know some of the lingo going in is where they put like food and drinks and
We had a micro micro budget for this show. So there wasn't really money for that
there was mainly like old cell phone containers of people's food that they didn't take for lunch and
Like I think a few granola bars. Yeah, and then when they did the promo photos for it
They they had a photographer fly in and it and the photographer in the photography area had the most lavish
Spread of snacks and treats I've ever seen in my entire life
I like it was like it was like a stepparent trying to impress the kid like
Don't give me a dog
Every day to be photo day. This is amazing. Look at this guy's this is fantastic. Oh, I've been on a couple see-so shoots
I knew that the Trader Joe's
crafty that they had there a couple protein bars and
some crystal geyser waters
You see we shot honey to West Virginians, so we should we could we were murdered for Trader Joe's
I noticed that every this is getting more specific, but I think why not we're all here. We're all friends here
I've found that most in the very few instances and it has been obviously quite a while
In very few instances. I've been near craft services table one common mainstay is a big jug of trail mix
yep, and I think that's very interesting because that seems like a bad choice for the environment because they what they expect you to do is
Get a little styrofoam bowl, huh? I guess it just carry around
And also often there are spoons involved and yeah, like I'm gonna spoon out some trail mix for myself
I just wonder around with it. Yeah, I'm into your hand into your paw and that way it is very eco-friendly
But that's gone now because of COVID. They don't big jug of trail mix
Oh
COVID yeah takes everything from me. How is it? How have you been?
So the past like I don't know. What has it been? It's been almost exactly
13 months since things were sideways. How you been? How you been handling it Ron? It's always ups and downs ebbs and flows
You know, it was terrifying for first couple months and not knowing could stand up was always
not just my main source of income, but my how I kind of defined myself, so kind of forced me to
Redefine myself as more of a full person
which I think is probably for the best and then it just allowed me to start doing other things like the twitch and the
more voiceovers and and be home more with my family and which was a true blessing to get you know married and
Hang around with my son as he's getting ready to turn 18 before he's you know, doesn't want to hang out with me anymore
So and then you know taking some opportunities. I never I might not have done before like the the chop 420
Or you know, I got a movie coming out called golden arm on the 30th. So at the end of it
I'm like things are kind of okay. I'm all fine and it makes me more grateful for when I can go back and do stand up
Whenever I can well i'm going out and do some in may so i'm trying nice to stay grateful and happy
Did you pick up any hobbies any non-entertainment hobbies? I started taking singing lessons
But that sounds like it wasn't for like entertainment. It was just for me
So I just started taking some singing lessons and do that. Um
Every tuesday when I can
That's nice. I recently started taking blacksmith classes, but that is for entertainment purposes because I would like to win forged in fire
Have you found it have you found it hard we were kind of jokingly grousing about this last week
Have you found it hard to like or maybe two weeks? I don't know. Have you found it hard to like come up with new?
Uh, uh creative idea have you been like creatively stymied at all by like the lack of of new inputs?
Uh from the outside world. Oh, yeah, I haven't written a joke in probably a year for sure
Uh, I was gonna ask is that like hey anyone ever noticed how sometimes you come down for breakfast and your favorite chair
A little bit to the right and you're like, well who moved my chair, you know
I want you guys don't talk about have you guys ever noticed that my wife cindy mccroy does this one thing?
Yeah, yeah, I mean pretty much you got it lack of stimulus, you know, but i've been able to write I did write a couple things
but I just
Would change it to other things instead. You know, I wrote a couple. Um
Just script ideas some treatments out and try to do it that way which isn't as
Instantly gratifying as doing stand up
But I felt like you know when you're writing jokes
If you can't practice them if you can't get in front of an audience, I just kind of get stale
Yeah, pardon me
No, no
So I just was like hey ron. That was a very cute sneeze process adorable. Thank you
Yeah, it's that I am who I am
Now that we've gotten that out of the way all that personal
Personal personal stuff because I think it's nice to check in and we have honestly it's kind of self-serving because I have
Not a lot of other adults to talk to
So like it is
I've kind of using this to my own ends. I'm sorry to uh to listeners for abusing your your time that way
But hey all these perspectives. I feel like the real downside of this is going to be when people start writing a lot about it
and it's like
The everyone's experiences are so similar. I feel like this is gonna be like it's gonna uh, uh
Have this one period like if you set a movie
in this time period are you going to like
Do I guess you just won't right? Well, we're just all gonna pretend we didn't do this for a year
That's what I feel like. I feel like maybe one person gets to do a great one and that's it
and then other than that like I don't I that's what i've been noticing from going out and doing some stand up is that
When people get on stage and they start like being like, oh I went through this and that people are like, yeah
Yeah, we all did and so it's like I think um and what I truly enjoy is that people are just want to be like
Hey
I've been stressed out just be silly and make me happy and i'm like that's what I mean that to me is
Um was what I realized like oh, that's my that's my job
That's my purpose right now if things are super stressed out not to be like, whoa
Can you believe this is going on and and i'm poking a hole at this?
It's like let me try to relieve some stress, you know
Yeah, uh, can I do a quick poll real quick for our listeners and a poll a poll. Yeah
Um people listening and of course my two brothers ron and justin
Um when you picture a movie about covid and like starring someone and they're having the experience
Does anybody else picture steve carell or is that just me?
It's just immediately something about it makes me think steve carell
Is going to be the star of the movie about someone's experience through covid
Um, I don't I have not gotten that uh, necessarily. I I guess I kind of
Uh for some reason imagine jason siegel who sure seems like oh like oh no something else happened to jason siegel
Not again
A lot of the stuff that's happening with him. Um, uh, and I feel like jason siegel
would be the one to make one
um
So tall it's jason statham and he shrinks down
Over directly. Yes. Yes takes the fight to covid. Where's that osmosis jones sequel?
There's a bad there's a real bad dude on the block now now we really gotta get in there now
It's all animated except live action
Jason statham who's been shrunk down interspace style to get in there and fight alongside osmosis jones
And I believe a tylenol pill
Uh, well, it was not it was not real. Uh, it was dricks. Uh, uh
Was so it was not a dricks at all. So it's not a real time. Oh, right, right, right, right
And and they were fighting anthrax if I remember correctly his name was just thracks
But yeah, that is the that was the implication that it was anthrax
That one white blood cell and I believe a cold and flu pill we're gonna take out anthrax. What a wild movie
And they were all inside uh bill murray's body
um
More movies should take place. This was where this one should take place
I don't want to give bill murray covid but if anyone could make make something out of it he can yeah, he's gonna be unsafe
I hope so. Hope he's not crashing weddings
I don't know. I I I would actually I would love to
Ask just random people on the street like do you think bill murray's been safe for the past year?
Because I feel like it's 50 50 of my head. I have no idea
He's a bit of a recluse so he could just dial that up a little bit and been like super recluse
But he also seems to like appearing in places
Um, hey, we're gonna take a quick break
uh from the the
hubbub of making a podcast
To sell things to you and attempt to sell things to you an assignment. We call the money zone
The money zone that's better actually. Thank you
I wanted I knew I knew you had your own but I want to you know
I as the littlest brother. I just want to do my part
Um
Well, we sent ron out of the room because honestly he's a guest here and he shouldn't be exposed to such crass
He's also he's afraid of he's afraid of commercials. He's afraid of commercials. He said i'll never he's an artist
Yeah, but we're not we're shields
Oh god, no and first up in the shill station, which is what we're gonna start calling
This segment, uh is honey. Now. This one isn't isn't that hard for me to shill because I actually
use and uh
Really like honey a lot. Well, yeah, you you eat smack rolls of it all the time. No travis. That was in my younger
Uh more poo centric days these days for me. It's all digital honey, baby. That's uh, it's a shop
It's a shopping friend a shopping companion that lives in your browser when you're about to check out honey's like whoa
Whoa, wait, you're gonna pay full price. Give me a second and then it goes and looks at the whole internet
To see if it can save you some money with uh coupon codes or whatever I bought some uh, some headphones not too long ago
And they're like supposed to be like a hundred and some bucks and what honey saved me like ten dollars
It was amazing. Um, and every time you check out honey does that like hold on?
Let me see if I can get you a cheaper price and it's free free to use
Uh, it's it's fan. It's fantastic. Uh, and it says uh, if you don't already have honey
You could be missing out on free savings and i'm gonna take out that could yeah, i'm not gonna say
You probably are but you still just you still said probably just say you are you you are
It's free. It's in thousand seconds and by getting it
You'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this podcast get honey for free at join honey.com slash brother
That's join honey.com
slash
Brother go check it out right now and I I promise you're gonna say well
Doe ray me. It's so funny. Justin. It's so funny that you feel connected to to honey because I feel very connected to stamps
Love the things i've used them. I've had them used on me
Um by which I mean people have sent things to me using stamps
Not that people put stamps on me and ship me like I was flat stanley. Sure. I understand
Yeah, you get me and so that's why I love stamps.com because I love stamps
But I don't necessarily like going anywhere other than where I already currently am at any given moment
You know what I mean?
I don't want to take trips to the post office. I want to just be able to send things from my home
So stamps.com allows me to mail and ship anywhere
Right from where you are right from your computer, right?
So whether you're a small office sending out invoices and online sellers shipping out letters or even a giant
warehouse
Uh, it's important I think to include the warehouse part or even a giant sending thousands of packages a day
Stamps.com can handle all of that with ease with stamps.com
You get discounts of up to 40 off post office rates and up to 62 off ups shipping rates
So stop wasting time going to the post office
Post office. Yeah, and go to stamps.com instead
There's no risk and with my promo code my brother you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus
Free postage and a digital scale no long-term commitments or contracts. What are you waiting for?
Do it just go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type in my brother
All one word that's stamps.com promo code my brother stamps.com
Never go to the post office again
MaxFunDrive 2021 is coming
It'll be May 3rd to May 14th
To get in the spirit we ask folks like you to let us know what maximum fun and our shows mean to them
You know the the maximum fun network is really important to me because
It is not just a collection of podcasts
But it is a lifestyle
And a value system
The podcasts frequently and deftly float between meaningful and irreverent in one moment drawing attention to social issues
And in another making dick jokes about Klingons
It shouldn't work, but it does and I have to believe it's because MaxFun's podcasts are at their core
Thoughtful and kind and human during a time that has often felt cold and isolated
So keep being great and doing what you do
MaxFunDrive will be May 3rd to May 14th 2021 and you won't want to miss it
Brilliant apps drive exclusive gifts and maybe some surprises
Want to directly support the hosts of the show? We just jumped into come back May 3rd for MaxFunDrive
Okay, do you guys want to hear another yahoo answers question
Yes
Yeah, okay. This was sent in by Michelle Smith
And and the question here this is asked by Bush
Which celebrity could eat the most hot dogs if given the time and motivation to do so?
And let me be clear here
I think the answer to this could literally be anybody right? But yeah, I I don't think it has anything to do and like with
with sort of their their their the physical body
I think it's more about like the spirit because if you look at the some of the competitive eaters
They're not people who you feel like have been eating like a while like they they're surprising
It's a surprising thing and the best part about this question to me is one word and that is motivation
given the motivation
To eat the motivation, right? They have to save their village or something
I don't know whatever the motivation or like if they switched up some of the like qualifications to win an oscar this year
You know what I mean? It was like whoever can eat the most hot dogs, right? I have two answers. Okay. Okay
Okay, the first answer I think is probably
The most logical answer is this person I think can eat a lot
We've seen it on their instagram that they can eat quite a bit when given the motivation. They also work out a bunch
And I think yes, they are the perfect specimen. Yep
They are the beyonce for boys
Yeah, the only person that could be both president and a competitive eater
Yeah, that is dwayne the rock johnson. I mean, it's a perfect answer. I mean, it's it's it's indisputable
Um, and he seems like a highly motivated man, right highly motivated to put it away
Like highly the rock seems like if he put his mind to anything
He would do it right like yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
My second answer is helen mirren because oh, okay
She commits to everything she does commit
See, I think cluny could put him away. I think cluny I I could see him
Being suave and looking cool while he does it
But just kind of quietly
Consuming an absurd amount of hot dogs. Yeah ben affleck ben affleck could either ben affleck could oh
If they challenge I would like to see the three
Uh oceans 11 leads, of course
I think the three of them brad pitt ben affleck. No way matt damon. I always get those two confused matt damon
uh
Brad pitt and cluny sit down and just have a hot dog eating contest. I'd like i'd pay to see that
You know what I mean?
That feels like one of the pranks they would have had that they love pranks and they love their pranks
They do love their pranks. That's a good point. You guys know about that time that uh, the cluny shit in a cat box
travis
That's real. It was a prank. It sounds apocryphal to me, but no this is a prank
He was saying i'm trying to remember who he was staying with
It's something weird like maybe danny davido or somebody who's staying with them and every morning
Uh cluny would clean the person's cat box before they woke up and so for like a week
The person thought that the cat wasn't going to the bathroom
And so then one morning cluny
Took a dump in the cat box and left it there for the person to find and the person was like, holy shit
Cat just made a big human-sized dookie. That's such a why can I say something?
Listen, that's such a wild way to balance out the karma of cleaning out the person's litter box.
Like so would it be like was george cluny your houseguest and you just sit there in silence for 10 minutes and be like well shit
Well, I don't know
um
I do hate cleaning the litter box also
Can we also imagine like?
They're usually in clothes
So yeah, right you had to climb in there
This is what i'm saying he was he was motivated and he did it he figured it out
He wasn't gonna get shown up by that contortionist from the from the uh oceans movies george cluny can do that too
I could do that for sure. Give me a half hour to get in the cat box real quick
I was in tomorrowland. Come on. Give me it was richard kind
Well, it was right. I looked it up. Sorry. He was staying at richard kind's house. Yep. God. There's a house party
Do that to richard kind
It is very tear it's terrible don't do that to richard kind he seems like he's balancing
As it is that you ah that's in that would send him off. I don't want that for him
He's such a nice his kind's in his name. You don't do that
Yeah, when when did I turn into richard mean? Well, it's quite a story
Let me told you so, you know, have you ever heard of the show er? Well sit down my friend. I got a tale to tell
Do you remember a guy from the first two seasons of rosanne
It's weird that george cluny was also on a sitcom called er, isn't that weird you guys ever think about that it's weird
Eventually, he was also on a drama called er
Yeah, I guess if somebody tries to make a show with er in it. He's just gonna show up like let me in there
I get him. I got an e and an r in my name. No problem
Oh
Uh ron here in a second we're gonna yell squad you'll get it you'll see what happens
Um, I want a munch squad. That's that's our cue but I want too much
Welcome munch squad. It's podcasting the podcast late profiling the latest
And greatest in brand eating and we've got a lot of great news to you. Uh, uh
Fazoles, this is not a joke when a lot of times they're funny
I just want to give a heads up that fazoles is rolling out their wings
System-wide this is breaking news
finally, um in
There's they've been having wings at some locations since september
One of the gifts of covet is that I get to say the phrase new virtual wing concept wing ville
From fazoles. They've been sneakily rolling these out to you via door dash and grub hub
But now the time has come for uh, all fazoles to have these wings menu innovation
Continues to be a key ingredient fazoles recipe for success says fazoles chief marketing officer jody conrad
Delivery and drive-thru have both seen unprecedented sales growth for some time now
I'm out of theory about that jody if you want to take a seat. I have some hard news for you to hear
Uh, it's been impossible to eat in restaurants for 13 months. But hey, we knew how innovating our menu with an easily transportable
Product like wings would be the perfect solution to leverage this shift in ordering channels
Woof, wow wings have been a big contributor to our impressive achievements over the past seven months
So we look forward to seeing this trend continue as we start serving them nationwide
Now have you guys ever been in a fazoles and they give you a piece of pizza and you're like what the fuck am I?
Supposed to do with this. How can I get this home? This isn't transportable at all
No
No, exactly, but that's not that's not our big story. Okay. Our big story was sent to us by jesse. Thank you
Jesse, it's slightly out of our per our typical purview
And I do mean per
View, okay, because fancy feast has released petite's feast cookbook a recipe guide for humans
inspired by their new single serving
What entrees for cats wait wait?
I'm I'm
Don't get ahead of me now. No, justin. I just wanted to note just a quick status update. Uh, we we haven't even uh,
Pardon the pun scratch the surface
And i'm gonna hit me now. I have no idea what's happening
Yeah, then just take a seat friend because i'm here to tell you straight from the beautiful city. St. Louis
fancy feast the most popular brand of gourmet wet cat food in the us
Is celebrating the launch of petite's?
Their premiere line of single serve entrees by releasing a companion cookbook for humans
Okay with the new fancy feast petite's feast cookbook
cat owners and fans of the brand
Hold on
Explain to me why you need to delineate between cat owners
You don't have to you don't have to own a cat to like fancy feast
You can just support the brand. I just like what they're doing over there. I just think they're doing good work
fans of the brand
Can now cook meals inspired by their cat's favorite dishes. Oh boy
But made for you
Okay available for download. Let's see. It shows a lack of conviction. I think
Okay, print this motherfucker, let's go get it on ebay careful careful
This single surf cookbook features 12 delectable human recipes
Inspired by your cat's new favorite petite's entrees. Now. This is a weird little
Weird little cul-de-sac. They've included here is that the recipes
Are also single serve, uh-huh, which I think oh they'd have to be
Kind of they're kind of just it's a little judgmental. No, no
In the audience of a person who would buy a fancy feast cookbook
You welcome for one and also your but maybe for 12 cats, but one person
Yeah fair. You should actually take the time to dine with each of your cats
And if that means you have to eat 12 single serving meals, so be it
Uh, you have to give each of them the attention they deserve
Now these are carefully crafted by fancy feasts in-house chef
hmm, amanda hasner
Along with guest additions from james beard award my name is jerel guy
Yeah, uh, james beard award nominee jerel guy and actor turned baker josh schneider the petite's
Chrissy tegan. Wow
Do you just you're just making stuff up such a get
The petite's feet cookbook allows cat owners to take part in the dining experience with their cats
From chicken and ramen with tomato honey butter sauce to white fish and asparagus with beurre blanc
The cookbook features recipes that are elevated but easy enough to whip up on a weeknight
Now i'm going to stop you right there fancy feast in-house chef from an hasner. That does not seem
Easy enough to whip up on a weeknight, but please go on each dish was inspired by the small plate restaurant trend and cat food
Also, you can't forget that cat food. So let's go ahead and get started
You can't forget that cat food. The recipes are for humans. Okay
Not normally something you have to clarify in a recipe scenario
But the recipes are for humans, but were created in honor of the dishes. You will be serving your cat
now
Um, there's there's more to the press release, but I do want to stop for a second
fancy feast petites
Are single serving, uh, uh cat foods that you peel and dump in a bowl
Yep
Do you feel like a cat would watch you?
whip up
some uh, uh, uh white fish and asparagus with beurre blanc for like an hour and a half and a cat be like listen
I appreciate the effort so much
But how is it that you're just gonna like open up a package and dump it into a dirty ball for me?
But you're gonna spend this kind of time on product for you. I feel like there's still an imbalance here
I feel like we haven't rectified what's different between the two of us. I also do like the implication here
that like
You would do this and sit down to eat and the cat would think oh finally you're joining me in this
Yeah, your cat is not going to enjoy this. You could try to get your cat to eat with you
I don't think your cat. How was your day? Wait, where are you going? What's wrong?
You know for too long dogs have had
Uh, um just the stranglehold of sitting and eating with their owner
They've had lady in the tramp
And I feel like that's what cat owners want here
They want to be able to just share a meal and sit down with their cat pull out a little
Magical cloche and just open it up and one dish for you one dish for the cat
And and this is just something to really just go
This is who I am and i've gone this far and i'm aware of who I am and that's why
I'm comfortable with myself and I love the I love the idea
I just don't think a cat I don't feel like your cat is going to indulge you
I don't feel like you're going to say to your cat. Well, it's time to eat together
Now that would be the funniest thing though is if you do this on then your cat ghosts you on dinner
Oh, yeah, 100 that will be that I know cats i've had cats that will be the outcome
You're gonna get screwed up by something that lives in your house
You're gonna here's what's gonna happen
You will uh
Sit until your food gets cold and then you'll dump your food and your cat's food in the trash
You will go to bed and your cat will be like fucking finally
And climb up into the trash and eat all the food. That's cats. That's cats in a nutshell
Now I will say though that this is reminding me very much of the commercials that played when I was a kid where
I think it was cat food. They'd put that little puck of cat food onto like a crystal bowl
Oh, yeah, a little leaf on it. I do remember thinking as a kid like that looks good
And I think it's all presentation, but I was interested
These retail for a dollar at seven, so come on
You're uh, come on. Just make two servings of verblanc. I don't know if cats can have verblanc
Just between you me and the lord. Jesus christ guys. I don't even know what verblanc is exactly
It's something white justin. It's burr white. It's definitely a sauce. That's yeah some type of sauce
Also, I don't even feel like petite cats is is the style of meal that I would trust
To be like, oh, that's what you know, I want what a husky cat would want. I want a husky cat
They already make those they're just called hungry man meals and you just rip them up in a microwave
And no problem if your cat saw you doing that they would think ah equal playing ground. Okay, cool
What let me hit you with this idea where rather than trying harder
For to eat with your cat
You should be able to try less for everybody
So what i'm suggesting now to you guys is a is an instant microwave meal like a tv dinner. They used to call them
An instant microwave meal where one of the things in it
Is cat food. Oh
so you got
You got your chicken nuggets you got your brownie
You got your corn that some of the brownie leaked into that's the best corn. You got your cat food right there
Hey everybody soup's on for all of us. Oh, we're all eating together
You know what?
It should be uh, you can tear it away to be a little separate bowl for the cat or not
You know what? I mean if the cat just wants to hop up there next to you
And every like and you guys just kind of lean your heads down and both eat it out of the bowl
Yeah, it's fine. Yeah
No, that's the experience that you're really looking for right of eating over the bowl together with your cat. That's what
that's what you want if you are a cat owner or
Of paying a fancy freeze either way now i'm thinking through this now
We are going to have to be real explicit with the labeling on this
Because I have eaten some chocolate puddings in kid cuisines that are indistinguishable
Indistinguishable from uh from from cat food so that that would be it won't kill you
It'll be she'll be fine. It'd be almost like, you know, they do those mystery candies or the mystery
Which one's cat food?
That's our guys that's our tagline you'll never guess which one's captured
You guess which one's cat food will send your coupon for another one
Double and then it's double or nothing. We'll send you two the next time you get it. Hey, uh, ron
Thank you so much for joining us, uh for my brother my brother and me. Um,
Where can people find more of your of your great work?
Oh, well i'm going back on tour on the road
I've been going to salt lake city and austin texas and a couple of other places phoenix, arizona
So go to ronfunches.com for those dates and then just follow me in most places at ron
Funches or ron funch on instagram, please. Check out chopped 420 on discovery plus on 420
And then I have the golden arm movie coming out april 30th. So please travis will buy you. Oh, um, i'm i'm on twitch, too
The travis mcroy on twitch. It's fun. That's a thing. I like doing but mostly i'm here justin with you
Yeah, that's true. I just want to give you a chance to plug, you know, if you got anything cooking. Um, uh, we've uh,
Probably got some new merch. No, I don't think so. No new merch in the store. Uh, thanks for uh,
Hanging in there with us through this weird time
uh
All the finale of the original graduation is live now if you've been waiting until it ended to start it
This is your moment to go back
and uh
Listen to the entire thing. We had a graphic novel coming out till i-13. See adventure zone
Uh crystal kingdom and then we got a podcasting book called everybody has a podcast except you
Available and that's out now. You don't have to wait for that one. I have it. It's available wherever fun. What I have that book
Wow, thanks ron. That's really nice. Wow, what a lift
Didn't say reddit, but it is nice that he has I don't read any book. I hear you
Yeah, you could have lied. I wouldn't quiz you. Thanks so much to ron funches
Travis do you have a final yahoo for us? I do actually fantastic
Okay. Yeah, this one, uh is sent in by the prospector merit polmer
uh, and it is asked by
uh anonymous and the question is
What animal is donald duck?
This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad school wear on the lips
Oh
Uh, it's better it's better with you
