The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
Hello and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy the Experienced. And I'm sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Maybe I should just do like Travis the Middlest. Maybe. Anyways, I got bad news guys. I'm so P.O.ed right now
It's our 600th episode big. This is big. This is big, right? The title the title of the email
You sent us with the questions this morning was it's episode 600. Whoops cuz we forgot.
No, I didn't forget this the whoops the whoops comes from this Griffin. I had so much planned
Yeah, I had I was I had like I trained these drones to do a whole thing
I don't think you trained drones. I spent months training the drones.
I like had hired some dancers to do like backup dancing for us for the whole episode. Just I got it
Well, Travis, hey, there's an audio medium so we can say
That they would never do that. No, they were tap dancers
Here's the problem because I also got us like matching jumpsuits in triplicate each
Oh our different moods and then our CFO Jeremy said that we couldn't afford any of that
Fucking cancelled all of it behind our backs
No, he did it in front of my face. He tore up all the contracts. Okay
I was gonna say it'd be so embarrassing for like hit it girls and then the backup dancers like didn't
Hit it cuz they weren't there. Well Griffin, they weren't just girls
They were men and women and non-binary folks and like I well that's not that that goes expressly against my wishes Travis
I'm sorry, Griffin. This was not just for you. This was for everybody
I had a Mount Rushmore made out of chocolate that included my face your face Justin's face and orb the horse and
And Jeremy melted it why the flamethrower and then he sold the melted chocolate back to Willy Wonka right in front of me
Travis stories get a little for fetched. Yeah, I don't think it's all true all true. I'd so much
Justin do you want to just do like a really half-assed?
like
obligatory send in the clowns I had an idea for another musical number we could bust out for this one and
What's right? That's fun. I like the way you did that Griffin when you're like Justin
Do you want to do something? But before you do I got something? Well, it's just I was thinking about sustainability
You know me. Oh, yeah
Then we're going green. Yeah, you know
Doing just doing salmon farm. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah salmon farm to table and
from the table podcast
Toilet paper and this big one a carbon song our carbon footprint is like
Great, so they're working on my carbon handprints
So I was thinking we could hit him with something like this and then we could change just change the number every like hundred
I was okay great
36,000
Minutes
36,000
jokes about
ghosts or you know, like then we right now wait
hold on I worry Griffin that that implies that we make one joke per minute, which is
Just going off this episode so far not not true. Yeah, we're about three and a half minutes in and there has been nary a joke
It's an average. Yeah average though. Oh, okay. So sometimes we do like ten jokes a minute, right?
Yeah, all about go sometimes we do ten jokes per episode
I'm saying but over 600 it averages out our list. There's probably
Some of our listeners who are like, man
I can't believe they didn't prepare something for this big milestone episode and it's like what have you guys prepared for us?
Oh, why do we always have to throw our own celebration? That's fucked up, right?
It's it's like we do this every almost two years
I don't think that's too much to ask of our listeners to be like to you know
Get a bouncy house or some shit for us, please. I was thinking about it, by the way
600 in 12 years, right? That's pretty and alright
So it's like six weeks away from our actual 12 year anniversary
So like that means one we've had a pretty good track record of putting on episodes. We could have taken it way easier
We've had six kids and we did not miss like we missed what like one or two episodes of this
This is what I'm saying in 12 years. We could be up to what like
624 600 so 24 episodes in 12 years
That's if we hit when we get to like April 15th or whenever we started or whatever, right?
That'll be like 600 and like five. This math is not fun to listen. I'm saying we've missed
19 episodes in 12 years
That's not bad, but we could have with missed way more maybe right now. We'll just take the next 30 weeks off
That's now we're cooking now. We're
You got my attention back now. We hit 600. Let's fucking coast
Podcasts take a gap year to like go to Spain and find ourselves
Oh, I would love to cruise on down to Barcelona and just like find myself
I would love to take a break from talking every single day a gab
Batico if you will
Yeah, love that right just like oh Justin. He's silent. He's monastic in nature
Yeah, and he and he has a beautiful cacti all around his home and he tends them
Peaceful justice Justin saw that Eddie Murphy movie where Eddie Murphy talked too much and someone gave him a tree with leaves on it
They represented all the words he had left and Justin said I'm gonna do that but in real life and completely voluntarily
That's like a movie thousand words. He says a thousand words that he dies. Yeah, that's the actual purpose of the movie, man
I would thinking of Pluto Nash, right?
I would accidentally sing. We don't talk about Bruno to myself 200 times and beef it
You only know five words. Oh, you would literally just say like we don't talk
And I'd be like fuck that's six
Oh, hey, we don't talk about shouldn't have wasted it on that fuck. Oh, you think I don't
You think I don't know just the wrap in the middle of hook and can we call it that
I'm pretty sure I speak quickly loose traveler does a wrap in the middle of hook and I think that's
Shuffle you off the coil. No one's ever
I bet he did. Yeah, I bet fucking John Papa was like check out this rap
I'm gonna do and everyone's like oh fuck. Oh, no, John, please don't do this
You're gonna ruin karaoke nights forever
Happy 600 boys. I'm proud of you and us. Hey, thank you. I'm really excited
Do you guys ever do people without kids ever ask you guys like so what kind of music do you like?
And all you get thing is like well
I've been listening to the soundtrack of encanto like on repeat for the last six weeks
So that does that count? Is that the music I listen? It's either favorite music. It's it's fucked my my
like music recommendations any any any platform is algorithmically picking like
Music or videos for me to watch is is ruinous. I've even fucked up my like
My my various cues by not switching over to the kid profile. Oh, yeah. Well, see I get it
Hey, do you really really like?
Fucking blippy. Yeah. Yeah fucking blippy
Well, this is a blippy. What if this is the year that what if the next hundred episodes we dedicate to just Bippy?
Bippy beef. Bippy beef
Blippi beefing
Biffing with Blippi happily
Happily, I watch that shit and I'm like am I supposed to not like him and listen Blippi if you're listening
Get it the fuck together fuck together. You're a mess dude, and you shit on your friend that one time
Excuse me
Yeah, before he became Blippi he did when what was it the the there was the viral sensation of like
You're very still and then the Harlem Shake. Yeah, Harlem Shake
It says the reveal was him shitting on his friend and then he became Blippi so Child's YouTube
This episode is all for us. By the way, it's starting to seem like Child's YouTube sensation Blippi. Uh-huh dumped on his friend
This is known
By me that's even more reason for us to take this dude down a fucking notch. I'm just saying I'm just saying
Do you guys ever watch Children's YouTube and think like I should have gotten into that?
Every day every day every day. Do you know how many people are on there? Like hey, I made slime. Thanks for a million dollars
Yeah, I'm gonna open up these toys to go. Look at this. Oh fuck. I should have done that
well
Instead I'm trying to wrap it up 600 episodes of hard work. Thank you. You're welcome
I would like to sit on my comfortable laurels, please
time to coast
While I'm thinking about it, congratulations to Connor Aleph for booking Tom Hanks on the show
Podcasting I think huge huge victory finally a celebrity is on a podcast
Next if you haven't listened to dead eyes Connor show it is fantastic and we're so proud of him and Connor if you're listening
If you could put in a good word for us with Tom Hanks
If Thomas is casting his net as it were
I'd love to get him on here if you could put in a good word
these are like the guys who like inspired me to do it all and like I
Wouldn't be here without them and like you kind of owe me whatever you want to say Connors up to you heroes of podcasting
Hey brothers, I am an adult you can't you can't start sentences that way without sounding like you are two kids in a trench coat
And I would like one adult ticket for an adult, please I would like to see this grown folks movie
Please I am an adult making my way in the world and in conversation with my mother
Whenever some significant problem arises to beer from bureaucracy
Such as my apartment building
Council or issues with government services. She has recently gotten into a pattern of telling me to quote go to the media about my issue
Simply not sure how to respond or what to do with his suggestions do news outlets accept random people coming with stories these days
Would any of this be noteworthy? What possible benefit could going to the media have that's from the unwilling correspondent
When you read a good media, you're gonna get your story out there. Yeah, you gotta get your story
Yeah, you gotta let people know what's happening make your voice heard right your voice is your most powerful weapon
Make your voice heard about this to the people in the media
Me and Justin used to be the media
I regret too. I regret to inform everyone
Yeah, we were you know cronies on the take and I
think I would have definitely loved getting an email from somebody saying like my landlord is a real piece of shit and
Then the story would just be like breaking
Landlord is a piece of shit. And then actually that's true of every landlord. So I'm not sure
It would be actually more news if it was like landlord pretty decent actually. Yeah, this landlord is pretty cool
I had a leaky pipe and he came to fix it within 48 hours
Love this I couldn't make rent this month because of various hardships and they totally understood and didn't give me a hard time about it
at all my word is the landlord from the
Spiderman movies and I love he's very he's very great
The one bathroom is a problem. But other than that, it's not bad. Not bad
I think by the way more you've made me think now Griffin more news outlets
No matter what their focus should be
slash
Local issues. So if it was like video game journalism
slash
Local issues, it'll be wonderful back new Sonic game and also what's the deal with this pothole in front of Tom's house?
Well, we gonna fucking deal with this and it kind of depends on where you're at like here in Huntington
You absolutely could get front page with some yet a few days ago
The front page story was a lovely for February morning at the skate park. Oh, that sounds lovely
Whoa, wait, Huntington's got a skate park
Yes, yeah. Yes, you guys you haven't been out there
I mean, I wouldn't I haven't been there to shred just you gotta shred gotta be shred
You what you're gonna leave it one shredded and then the City Council's gonna be like no one shredding on this
I guess we better pave paradise and put up a parking lot turn into a fucking library or some boring shit
Oh my god, can you imagine?
Get out there fucking shred you guys listen, I know what you're saying you you only shred little now, but give it a year
Are you gonna accomplish man? I don't go the dog park either. We got a dog park
I'm good go fucking dog park. You don't need a dog to do that
They that's what they want you to think you can just go and enjoy other people's dogs
Is that a weird vibe the dog park be like just your scopes and pups
As long as you offer to pay the dog owners like an hourly rate for you to look at their dogs, it's fine
There's nothing weird about it extra for touching
That soundbite Travis gonna
That silence is Griffin debating whether or not to hang a lantern on
I don't think that the people who need that soundbite
Needed any extra spice like I think they heard it and they said finally he said it
We're 600 episodes in are there any other wild shit that people have wanted us to say out loud that they can then just like
have that
for
That would be a good episode
Let me hit you guys with this idea. What if I did an episode that is like we're tired of coming up with it. Yeah
Yeah, we let you we let the listeners write it and just like everybody gets to send in one line
Oh, that's good. And then we'll just read all the lines. I don't know law
I mean, I'm fine with just doing like a shot like mmm juicy right something that you can just like
Snip out there
Then it's turning into sort of earthworm Jim
I like I'm saying like I think that extra for touching is something that people are gonna be able and when I say it
Like that, I'll do it like extra position so that people know what I'm saying, but they can't use the clip
But people that's like very specific and people are like, ooh, okay
I can put that on my you know
Only fans or whatever is a funny like like a joke click
Oh, you know a lot of people have like cool animated GIFs and like soundbite jokes on their only fans page
Yeah, it'll be it'll be like that basically
Well, here's what we'll do Griffin from now on whenever we have something that we're like
That's a great sound bite that people are gonna pull we'll throw some copyrighted music underneath it
Oh
Like a bird but that underneath it right and then it's like oh, it's there but you can't use it
It's behind glass now. You can't oh fuck. It's so tantalizing you want to use but you can't
Because right behind it is Limp Bizkit's one of those days. Oh, I thought you said that Limp Bizkit wrote
I am like a bird. I only fly away
Well, they did but they didn't perform it. They did that cover that I thought was so good
I'm like a bird
A little something like this
Any other I forget what we don't go to the media they have it hard enough already start your own media
Do support local news
Local news is very important. It's wow. Thanks. Wow. Thanks guys
You know what you could do?
You could take out an ad
Mm-hmm that way you're funneling money into the pockets of local media, but you are getting the word out
Interesting. Oh, hey my my landlord
Dylan leaves his stinky sausage casings in the community trash can and I wish he would stop
That's a trash can though. Justin link. It's the
Community trash can Travis. Yeah, but you're not going to a trash can expecting
Okay, I live in a hovel in the world the worst state in America
I don't know how big city people live. I don't know if they have a community trash can
Context clues you can figure out that if the trash can is stinky you can't complain about it. I have two trash cans
Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah outside. Yeah big cans. Oh, yeah, I throw all my trash. Yeah with your powerful bags. Yes. One is stinky. I don't like to open it
Uh-huh, and the other is not stinky. It's a fresh smell. Yeah, so I
Preferentially will get as much trash in there. Yeah in in some mr. Good vibes as I care
Yeah, yeah, yeah cuz cuz hefty stink over there. I don't like to open him cuz he smells
You know anyone who has more than one trash can has a has a like starter and then there's a B-string
Absolutely positively, but even the good trash can Justin is a trash can I felt actually really guilty because I took my huge
Trash can filled with wood scraps up there and they're gonna pick it up thinking
It's just a regular day of newspapers and bottles and they're gonna be hoisting about
Three somebody building a bridge up here. Yeah
Juice I think there are probably lots of people at home that know more about your sort of garbage
preferences then like their own
Yeah, and that's a great sign of a great podcast
I think I make less because I've been trying to do more recycling. Oh good. Yeah, that's great. It's good for you
God, you guys are really up on your fucking high horses today, aren't you? No, and I do pre cycling. Whoa
What's that? I go through other people's trash and I take stuff out of it and I use that
the best part about recycling is we have a community recycler you have to take it and
Just I get like a free rein to just look at what other people are recite nice
Does they get a few snap judgments about my community what kind of I mean what do they got going on in there just like
sometimes it's like
Wow, you guys eat a lot of little pizzas, huh? Oh, wow. You're really plowing through these things. What what could they?
What do they have? I don't understand what box either like little pizza boxes. Yeah, like little pizza boxes
That's good Griff. You put that together all on your own. Yes
They recycled little pizza boxes, which makes me think that they ate a lot of little pizzas
But who's giving out little pizzas in little box? I assume Griffin doesn't talk about like a frozen pizza
You would buy from the store. Yes a dollar pizza like in college
Okay, my daughter my four-year-old daughter came home yesterday and insisted that she had eaten ten small pizzas
Her grandmother's house that she'd eaten ten small pizzas and she would not back down
No, no matter how many times I kept pushing back. She said no, I eat a ten of the chunky boys
Yeah, I love Cooper so much
I ate a ten of the chunky boys. You did not. She did not eat ten pizzas. Does she mean Bagel Bites?
No, she didn't. I got there before you. No, she didn't. She's talking about the little round, you know
Like party pizzas. That's what that's what I'm looking about party pizzas. Yeah. Yeah. She said she ate ten of them
That's not true. It's impossible. Nah, I said we'll say. She ate dinner very poorly
So maybe maybe I mean more than none for sure, but no way ten, right? No, not ten chunky boys
Our parenting styles are so different because I would I like would believe her, you know what I mean?
Yeah support like go ahead and eat ten pizzas, sweetie. Daddy loves you. Yeah, you'll be president someday
You're gonna need that pizza energy. Uh-huh. You're gonna be so big and strong with that ten pizzas inside of you
Yeah, like Louisa as my
Yeah, I would make it relatable and be like like how Louisa ate ten pizzas and then got super strength and then she'll be like
That's where she got her powers from. That is not what happens in the movie. Can't keep talking about it
Well, we don't talk about Louisa either Jesus Jesus who the fuck can't we talk about?
Can I talk about Camilo, please? No can't talk about Camilo. Does he smell like the person he turns into?
No, you can't. Yes. I mean he would definitely I mean, okay
His physiology would completely adapt to that of the person
He's copied including like sweat glands and like but not like the smells they picked up throughout the day chemically know
His body knows
Do you know I mean like his body?
The clothes wouldn't smell like this. I don't wanna do this but his clothes
Here's a question why yeah, here's a question no, okay
That's a good question. That's a question. Stop it
Do you guys want to talk to the wizard on this? Yeah, you always do it second
I'm tired of not having the variety in the show. I'm tired of the predictability. Okay, whatever happened to predictability
It's the I even knew that you were gonna do a full house goat joke there. Fuck. Thanks
I've got my lips getting tired while kissing my husband lately. Oh, man. I've noticed that while kissing your husband, too
But yeah, it's a workout
Your husband's doing some stuff in there. Yeah, it's taxing heavy lifting. It's almost like they cramp up and get numb while we're smooching
Yeah, maybe it's from talking or smiling too much throughout the day. It's full-time podcasters
This is something y'all have experienced if so any suggestions on lip exercises or resting strategies
That's from lazy lips in Atlanta, which I I don't this feels like a sawbones weird medical question episode
But no you've come to the right place. Yeah, I thought well first we can show you the we do about 20 minutes of lip
Warm-ups before every episode
I mean this mouth don't quit
Yeah, this one this one does not quit
And I don't know if that's true for everyone apparently not I didn't think I had like a special mouth
But I guess it's like pretty good
Yeah, cuz it doesn't quit like it never gets tired. It's always hungry for more
Yeah
Podcasting oh, okay
By heavy episode
Yeah
Yeah, I don't I don't know why
What is what's he doing in there?
What's he doing in there? What is he doing? What is wrestling? Is he making you do too much work?
There should be an ebb and flow. Oh
There's some people who think like when I do kissing
It has to be bigger than the other part like my mouth has to get over the other part
It's like a dominance thing where it's like I gotta get this mouth over their mouth
Yeah, I'm glad we're talking about this thing. Yeah now in a perfect world when you kiss you you both would firmly
Press your lips together stay still. Yes for an extended amount of time and then disconnect, right?
That's the ideal but you're not always gonna get that obviously now, right?
So sometimes it's about their lips go left yours go right, you know what I mean?
And then you kind of do, you know the swirl right as you chase each other around
Well, yeah, the the lips move around the tongue
Yeah, obviously yeah
And if that's gonna happen, you got to make sure you're moving at the same speed, right?
Because sometimes if one swirl is faster than the other you're gonna catch up. Yeah, right and that can cause a lot of issues
It's a big problem
With our country today
Thank you Griffin. Thank you for saying it. You know, a lot of podcasts are afraid of dealing with the like the tough issues
Yeah, not here right whatever happened to good old-fashioned smooching kids today
I have all these viral smooches that they do on tik-tok. I've seen it. They take their challenges
Yeah, they take their lips and they waggle them back and forth around their knees, right? I hate that
I don't know just I think it's gross and it makes me want to barf when I see that
Absolutely press together count to ten break apart say thank you for the smooch
Yeah, and then go about your day that part's so important
Yeah, a lot of people don't do that anymore. And it's really been the death of civility
Whatever happened whatever happened to this great nation of ours. Thank you Griffin people used to smooch
I'm sorry. I keep equating bad kissing with and I don't mean bad kissing. I'm sure your husband's an excellent kisser
If it goes numb, I don't know Griffin
Yeah, knowing now numbness is not what we're looking for. Typically not ideal. Not ideal. Is he putting something on his lips?
Is he smearing some toxins on there Frank?
It won't it will let you do the stranger though. Oh, that's what it's like. Who's my husband kissing?
That's your lips or not. I don't think that's how that I don't think that's what it is
Are you are you kissing poison ivy or perhaps?
Like a villain from James Bond. Did you ever think about that? Yes
Because the cramping up that seems like a you probably you gotta get some more. I don't know iron
vitamins
Maybe just like some more you gotta stay hydrated. Gotta stay hydrated, but the numb is
Troubling the numbs troubling
Is your circulation good? Oh, yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Are your lips sitting dormant for too long?
I'm just thinking about circulation. Oh, of course. Yeah
So you're suggesting that they're not kissing enough
Which is not not not on this. I would say not in a
You can kiss too much in a short amount of time
Right and then be dormant the rest of them you guys spread it out in an even like one kiss every five minutes
for 24 hours
An entire 24 hours. What's it doing? It's really guys
It's really hard for me to give advice on this one without knowing what he's even doing in there
Yeah, what is he doing in there? Cuz that's never been my experience. Are you sure he knows it's kissing?
Like you're kissing but he's like wrestling. He's this is a challenge
He's trying to win and he's like, oh we were kissing. Oh, I'm sorry
I think that our listeners want to hear us talk about a kissing as much as I bet I bet they have had their
For sure
Yes, that thirst has been slate. Yeah, absolutely
Okay, can we go to the wizard now? Yeah
He's he's looking over me like I heard you say my name and I got myself prepared for it
And then you didn't I made crudity and you know what happened? I prepared my physical form
He turned my wife a new fucking frog and I know that and I think that sucks
How does gonna turn our back how to spoil a chihuahua?
Well, just leave it out in the Sun too long
What happens to a chihuahua in the Sun
Because of their size and lovable nature chihuahuas are both easy and fun to spoil. Well
Chihuahuas love getting lots of attention so their owners and other people
treats clothing and other gifts are some of the most common ways to make your chihuahua look like a
Neighborhood celebrity take your dog out on adventures when you can make them feel even more like a prince or princess
However, yes, keep in mind that some dogs may misinterpret being spoiled. They say like a old-timey
like
gentlemen
In being spoiled and behave badly as a result such as by being aggressive or nipping. Oh that hey
WikiHow yeah
Can we just say it's wild that you're like they might equate being spoiled
With being able to behave badly and get away with it
Hey WikiHow those are often synonymous. That is how it is attached usually in the animal brain
So give your chihuahua a big bed to sleep on
By the way, the the undercurrent of this article is I wish I was the author of this articles
Chihuahua cuz they are they would set me up with the sweetest fucking life the sweetest life of Zack and Cody like
imaginable
Chihuahuas like their naps and sleep 12 to 14 days on average. So you get big fluffy bed stack some soft blades
But you said 12 to 14 days
12 to 1 on average 12 to 14 hours a day on average. Did I say?
Days on average. Yeah. Yeah, that would be I would love that pet. Where's your chihuahua on a pin?
Oh, it's he's asleep for a fortnight
Tis the season
He'll be back on the 15th
And then he's power
When is my birthday? Well, not for three hounds wikings
Give a take give a take three huns wikings
Okay, get a variety. Don't give your dog a big bed. Oh, that's a terrible idea
It's a little dog though. So it's like you're spoiling this. Yeah, but dogs need stuff to cuddle up against. No, not this dog
this guy means this guy doesn't care about affection it cares about being a
Boss, baby
Chihuahuas are also notoriously cold all the time. Not this chihuahua because you spoiled them by keeping your house at
97 degrees Fahrenheit
That's the next dog's favorite temperature. Keep that keep that nest set
Specifically to 97 degrees always get a variety of toys for your dog. Yeah
I mean every spoiled dog has a big basket brimming with colorful toys
Yeah, obviously that sounds like a vocal warm-up that you can do before kissing your husband a big
basket brimming with colorful toys
Serve food and water and customized dog bowls. I think a chihuahua is definitely going to understand what that means
Pamper them they can see color. They can see color and read
Now I think we can all agree if you grew up when these commercials were on there was a series of commercials in which dogs
Were served out of a crystal goblet. Well, that was the fancy feast the fancy feast commercial and like what else would you?
Serve it in right? I mean, absolutely, but I remember being a kid watching them
Like that's fucking you know how when we eat a fancy meal we usually do like humans
I mean do you eat it out of a crystalline goblet?
Thank you for clarifying that when you said we I did mean you were talking about humans. Yeah. Thank you
Okay, choose specialized collars and leashes for your dog again. They aren't gonna know that
Yeah, I can now literally can't see that. You know that right? That's like behind their seeing like stuff
Yeah stuff they used to see that. Well, I guess most of us use now we wear necklaces though. Don't we? Yeah. Yeah
And earrings now, what if you got him like a collar that smelled like bacon? Oh that would now that's gonna go poorly
into an
absolute spiral of madness
I
Fuck you sell it to right
Hey, you got hey, why are these other dogs biting my neck?
You've turned you are the forbidden meat
You are you the smoky secret?
Set up a quiet area for your chihuahua to escape when it's stressed. Hey, that's not spoiling. That's just a good idea. That's
Yeah
Well, I don't know that's like saying like oh your kid is so spoiled sometimes when they're stressed out
You let him just chill out and read a book fucking spoiled, man
I feel like I can if find reasons to get stressed and basically every room of my house
So I'm not sure that I have this and that's also dependent on the extent to which it is spoiling
It's also dependent on the amount of space that you have available to you. Like if somebody walks in they're like
I welcome my one-bedroom apartment and they're like wait, I think I had a two-bedroom. It's like well I did I have
The bedroom that I sleep in which is also the kitchen and then over here is the room where my chihuahua
Mr. Smooches goes just fucking chill out me an orange slice. Yeah
And I really like that you
Clarified that in every room of your house you're stressed out
But like that's because the dog isn't aware of like any kind of geopolitical or like social issues
Yeah, but I mean, it's the house. It's like obviously I can find a reason to be stressed out about that shit
like non non-stop, but um, you know, I I
Like I need an observatory or something. Oh, yeah
Yeah, that would be nice. That would be so dope. Just go there and look at some beautiful stars
I need like an observatory and a conservatory
Any other like a lot of worries? Yeah. Yeah anything you got a laboratory. Yes. Thank you
Yeah, you're welcome
Do you guys want to know more ways that you can spoil a chihuahua? Yeah
You guys remember that movie Beverly Hills? Yeah, obviously. Well, mr. Shivers has been giving me some looks lately
And I feel like I haven't done enough
Well, you should buy your chihuahua stylish clothing that fits and I love that they include that last part the fit has to know
Yeah, right that actually explains a lot. His cape has been dragging lately. I've noticed that I don't give him chihuahua. Jinko jeans
He won't know what he asked for him by name
No, he did and it's weird that your chihuahua can bark like that
No, I taught him to use the buttons, but to be fair, I gave him a button that says Jinko jeans. Yeah, that's true
Set it. Okay. So now this is about affection. I gave a mistake every time he pushes the button
Set aside time in the day to give your dog lots of attention. That's dope. Yes. Yes, mr. Jenkins
I swear, I will have that report on your desk by the end of the day
I just oh fuck I gotta go
That's the snuggle noise you have brought your chihuahua to work with you in this example
Yes, of course
Yeah
Remember to spoil your chihuahua even during busy days
Creating a daily routine helps ensure your dog has plenty of attention no matter what else you have going on
I love that at a funeral. Beep beep beep gotta go. Sorry
No, you wouldn't go to the funeral, right? Someone would be like, hey, can you come to this cool funeral? I'm going to I'm throwing it
It's gonna be awesome. I'd love to have you there and you're like you throw a funeral. Yeah. Yeah
Well, what else are you gonna do Justin just phone it in? Come on, and then you're like, yeah, what time and they're like 2 p.m
Oh
That's it. Can you move it to like 530?
So pet your dog give it belly rubs
Yeah, a lot of this stuff is like whatever teach your dog commands for a fun way to learn new tricks
I don't think actually that's spoiling them
Yeah, thanks from maybe officer learning things for me is not like a luxurious like hmm
I've earned this I'm going to you know, figure out how to tie a
Ship ship knot. Wow, I couldn't even think of a name of like a sorry. What is it a ship slipknot?
I'm gonna learn how to sing slip knots greatest hit monkey fit. Yeah
Throw a chihuahua party with cake and presents. This is great
Yeah, celebrate your dog by making a star for the day invite your dog's friends to come over
Even the ones you don't like wrap up some nice presents such as new toys or clothing then get a cake made from safe ingredients
Like peanut butter applesauce and pumpkin have a party for your dog's birthday a special occasion or for the sake of spoiling your dog on a random
Day, I listen take it from me. This is so fucking important
Yeah, don't make the cake look like the chihuahua
It causes so much psychological damage when mr
Shivers saw the other dogs tearing eating and tearing his form, right?
It was a whole thing. That's me
Take your child on a walk once a day that seems like basic sort of shit get a new yeah, that's not really spoil
Oh, no, I don't spoil my dog. I don't take him out
Spoil your dog by giving it food
I
Allow your dog the basic necessities of life
Get a new household pet to keep your dog company. They are not gonna like that. Yeah, big-ass scary dog
Yeah, what are you talking now? You're gonna have to get a smaller like
Don't do a chinchilla. They're too clever
You're gonna want to get your dog a
lizard to
Destroy well, you know eat not even eat. He won't be nourished by the lizard. He will just destroy it for fun
I was just trying to say like if this was an animated feature and I want to give my chihuahua a buddy
I think it's I
Think it's a I think it's a lizard bring your dog with you when you're on the go in a little backpack
They're gonna fucking hate that too. This article has gone off the rails
Find new friends for your dog outside of your home. How I can't find human friends for myself outside of the home
Well, this is your way in now you find other people with with puppers hey you seem cool do you have a dog no
No, fuck our interests really aligned in a lot of ways, but you ain't got no dog and he's the boss around here
I don't know if you could tell that
Can you please help me get out from under my door? Like if you could help me escape this dog? Mm-hmm
Let other people play with your dog of Chihuahua is friendly. This is a long article, huh?
Seems that way upgrade to a quality dog food with healthy ingredients again
If you know that that option is out there and you do have the means to do it and you don't do it
I don't know that we're talking about spoiling anymore. It's spoil your dog by
elongating its life
And its legs and it's let's give your dog longer legs this Chihuahua. It's all at once
About four or five feet tall that would be sick
Normal Chihuahua body with fucking legs that go all the way to the ground. It's fucking Slender Man shit
This is a Slender Man's dog
Give your dog special treats like peanut butter ice cream. We're really repeating ourselves now
This one has stopped being fun bathe and brush your Chihuahua
Bathe and brush your Chihuahua at least once a month
Trim your dog's nails at least once every three months. Okay, this one wraps it up with like bare necessities shit. It seems like
Anyway, it was better at the beginning. Don't you think?
the podcast
Are you about to wrap up the podcast?
No, I was about to ask if you wanted to come with me to the money zone. It sounded like there was a thanks in there
What were you thinking? Thank you. Thanks. Thanks for the bit. Thanks for the comedy. Thank you
Thank you for your contribution to the program. We should do that after each time one of us does like a special bit
Thanks for the smooch. Thanks for the bit or any any good
No more laughing at jokes anymore people get on us first laughing at our own jokes
So from now on yeah, no more jokes laughing at them Wow
Instead we're just gonna thank you. I'll thank you for that. I feel a good feeling now inside because of that. Thank you good
Let's go
Today's episode is sponsored by honey the easy way to save when shopping on your iPhone or
Computer listen, we all buy things for our Chihuahua, right? You're out there. You're buying a big bed
So like you can make an even bigger bed giant bed, obviously, right? You're gonna glue them all together and
You're gonna get your dog its own RV
That you're gonna tow behind your much smaller RV because that's what you deserve and when you're buying online
You could use honey to save money on the things you buy for your Chihuahua, right?
How how Justin asked me how?
Read the copy Justin
Okay, honey is the free shopping tool that scours
Cuz I love you so much and one time you were mean to mr. Shivers and he's never forgiven you
Honey is the free shopping tool that scours the internet for promo codes and applies the best one
It finds to your cart when you check out the honey button. Ooh, I like that
I do that is definitely what I'm calling my penis from now on. Oh
No, sorry, honey, the honey button appears and yeah, yeah, it sure does baby
Usually it's inverted but the honey button has appeared internet deals. Here come other honey button
Did you guys used to do ads? Yeah, actually, it's illegal now that FTC said we can't a word. It's illegal
We're on the list now. All you have to do is click apply coupons if honey finds a working coupon
You'll watch the prices drop and honey doesn't just work on your desktop or it's on your iPhone, too
Just activate it on Safari on your phone save on the go
Griffin uses honey all the time to save on embarrassing products that he doesn't want anyone to know about
He tells me all about it. He saved just this year on embarrassing products alone. Yep
Two point five million dollars. Yeah, that's amazing. Yeah, that well that's how many embarrassing products Griffin buys
Wow Griffin, that's so embarrassing. They're they're lying. I don't buy any special products for my butt
That's not what the media says if you don't already have honey
You could be straight-up missing out and by getting it you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this show
Get honey for free at join honey comm session brother. Let's join honey.com
dot-com
brother
Stitch fix is
What I use
For when I'm like trying to like peacock a little bit, you know what I mean? Okay
If I want to stand out in a crowd, I will put on the clothes that I get from stitch fix
because I have I have tailored my sort of
profile on there to be just a lot of
um
Cravats and yeah, it's actually they send me a box with five cravats in it and I keep them all because I
I just love these damn things and I definitely know what a cravat is
Yeah, it's like a Scott. It's like a neck kerchief
So stitch fix has me covered for looking good. Why not do it for you? Don't you want to look like me?
Hey listeners. Hey, listen, don't you want to look like me? Well, you can with stitch fix
whether you need refined work wear or casual basics
Stitch fix can help elevate your look take it to the next level you can schedule a fix a style expert
we'll look at your profile you fill out where you tell them how how how big a boy you are and
what kind of stuff you like and then they send you a box with five pieces that fit your style size and price range and
You can also just like do the shopping yourself with stitch fix freestyle
they make like a special curated shop just for you that you can buy from and put it on and step outside and
Just get just get swarmed by babes. So get started today by filling out your steep your Steve Frile quiz
Hey, what's up? Everybody? I'm Steve. I'm Steve Frile and I'm tired
It's time to test your knowledge of me in my life my fish sticks
Um, you're free style quiz at stitch fix comm slash my brother and get free shipping and returns
stitch fix comm slash my brother
Most game shows quiz contestants about topics
They don't even care about but for 100 episodes the go fact yourself podcast has asked celebrity guests trivia about topics
They choose for themselves and introduce them to some of their personal heroes along the way. Oh my gosh. Shut up
Join me Jake Heath fan Stratton and me Helen Hong along with special guests
DJ Jazzy Jeff and Faith Sayley plus some amazing surprise experts on the
100th episode of go fact yourself and join us twice a month every month for new episodes of go fact yourself
here on maximum fun
It's the dramatic conclusion of minority corner with your host James Arthur M
Yes, that's right. After seven years
Will James and his guest co-host solve racism homophobia and sexism
Will James and his longtime feud with Jennifer Hudson will someone get married turn out to be an evil twin?
Will James and his guest co-host talk about news pop culture history and all things nerdy probably
Yeah
That's probably the one that will definitely happen find out on the dramatic inclusion of minority corner right here on maximum fun
Or every get your podcast
Minority corner because together we're the majority
Do
Thank you Justin
Thank you
I want a munch
Okay, welcome much God it's a podcast within a podcast
Yes, profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
Just a quick note here.
The Signature Club sandwich
is replacing the Zaxby's Club sandwich.
This isn't a joke or anything.
It's just like a programming note.
Okay.
If you like the Zaxby's Club,
the Signature Club is replacing that menu item.
Does it say when it's going to be replaced, Justin?
So I can stock up?
Right.
So let me walk you through the chronology.
Well, first off, a bit from Joel Bulger,
the CMO of Zaxby's.
With the launch of our new Signature Club sandwich,
we've created our own Club remix.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Signature sandwich, and turned it up a notch.
Okay.
That sounds cool.
Knowing our fans, that's F-A-N-Z-O.
No, they didn't say that.
We are giving them something additional to rave about,
and announce a well-kept secret.
I killed a man.
That doesn't have anything to do with the sandwich,
but it feels good to get it off my chest.
I killed my dad, Jimmy Hoffa.
Anyway, our Signature-
You'll never guess, or he's buried.
Enjoy the sandwich.
Our Signature sandwich is officially here to stay
as a permanent menu item.
In October, 2020, the brand sent out its Y'all Ready tweet
and revealed its new Signature sandwich in test markets
before rolling it out nationwide in March, 2021.
During the test, Zaxby's new Signature sandwich
exceeded the performance of the existing
hand-breaded filet by 600% live.
Get the fuck out.
Get the fuck out.
That's what everybody said to the original.
How bad was your original sandwich doing?
Plus a bit dog shit.
Oh God, they replaced that fucking trash.
And there's also a light version.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, if you want that.
What?
Oh, shit.
And now a quick note from me.
There he is.
Count Donut.
Thanks for coming.
There's my buddy.
Thanks, Count Donut.
I'm so excited to be back here with you boys.
You know, if you ever want to just do the whole show.
I always am on the whole show.
What?
What does that even mean?
I lurk in silence waiting for my mom.
But what about the part where there's only one pair
of footprints in the sand?
That is where I'm nodding silently instead of laughing.
Oh, thank you.
I don't get the most of the jokes.
That's fair.
I don't either.
And I tell most of them.
But the tone of her voice is give me A, S, E, R.
Oh, I don't know that I'm crazy about that.
It's no, it's not.
It's awesome sanguine meridian response.
It's hearing your blood pumping through
and thinking, oh, daddy hungry.
I love that.
Do you human bodies like Krispy Kreme?
You know that they do.
Well, good news.
It's time to ruin those bodies.
Put them straight in the ground with this new one.
Wait, is that what it says on the press release?
Hey, Krispy Kreme got a new one out.
It's time to ruin those bodies
and put them straight in the ground with these, Donut.
These coffin nails come directly from Krispy Kreme.
Put this in your face and put your face in the ground.
This is Krispy Kreme has partnered with Twix
for first ever irresistible, caramelly, cookie-y.
I swear it says this, cookie-y crunchy donut.
I don't want a crunchy donut.
Cookie-y, can you, how does it, how is it spelled?
K-O, sorry, that would be wild.
And also that would be kooky, which is a different word.
Yes, this would be on brand for Krispy Kreme.
C-O-O-K-I-E, what is the dash?
What do you call the dash?
Dash.
Dash, I-E, cookie-y.
Oh, they went I-E.
Interesting.
Cookie-y.
Okay.
Yes, oh, this is the wildest beginning of a press release.
Always siding with deliciousness,
Krispy Kreme is partnering with Twix.
What is that, who is choosing sides in this battle?
Where is this conflict?
Count Donut, you're not around all the time,
but there are sometimes where a restaurant will come up
and be like, we wanted to do something shitty and bad.
And it's like, oh man, why would you guys announce that?
I guess they say, we'll see.
Krispy Kreme is partnering with Twix
for the first time ever to create three all new
caramel-y, cookie-y, country donuts,
including, boys, stuffing an entire Twix cookie bar
inside the delicious Krispy Kreme doughnut.
That's not how I would have done it.
No.
I feel so bad for the teenagers that work at Krispy Kreme.
February 21st for a limited time.
Yes, they make them put their own personal Twix.
I brought this Twix from home.
Put it in there.
That's a great idea, put it in there.
Anything for our-
This is the long term.
Yeah.
So the caramel cookie crunch bar doughnut
filled with a Twix cookie bar.
Fucking, that's a sentence that I-
No, it's just the name of a doughnut.
This is how I will order it.
Hello, Jeremy.
I'll have the caramel cookie crunch bar doughnut
filled with the Twix cookie bar.
A bar-shaped doughnut.
I should fucking hope so.
That would be wild, yes.
If it was a ring doughnut with a fucking Twix
shoved through it, you'd be sent to prison.
The Twix shaper is here.
This is our first non-Euclidean offering.
So it's what it sounds, it does what it says on the tin.
A bar-shaped doughnut filled with chocolate cream
and a full-sized Twix bar dipped in chocolate icing
drizzled with dotre de leche and chocolate icing
and topped with, you guessed it, even more Twix pieces.
I wouldn't have guessed that in my darkest fantasies.
Then there's the caramel cookie crunch original
filled doughnut topped with Twix cookie bar pieces.
A chocolate iced doughnut with salted caramel filling
topped with Twix bar pieces and drizzled with dotre de leche.
This all sounds like too much.
I love Twix.
Sounds like a little bit too much.
This all seems like too much.
We are, oh, this is Dave Skinner.
You've guessed this already, but we are always looking
for new ways to provide our fans
an awesome doughnut experience.
And until that comes along,
we want to enter a settling for cookies in doughnuts.
We're just gonna start shoving stuff in, seeing what works.
Set us free.
Tell us it's good enough, please, Dad.
I mean, oops, what?
We've partnered with another iconic brand, Twix,
for the first time ever.
They don't know it yet.
We just think that we bought all of the Twix.
That's why we've had to hide them in size so cleverly.
We created mini and fun-sized doughnuts made
with Twix bars and then went even further
to create a bar-shaped doughnut
with a full-sized Twix bar in the middle.
Some said we should stop while we were ahead,
but we didn't listen to them.
We were so worried about if we could,
we didn't stop to think about if we should,
and now we're selling it.
Please buy these doughnuts.
You can tweet about them with a hashtag if you wish.
Don't.
This is an option that is available to you.
Don't.
They're available for a limited time,
so get there quickly.
I think these people are just compensating
for the fact that they are not Jolly Pirates.
No, yeah, no baby beats the old man.
Listen.
No baby beats the old man,
no Twix cookie beats the old man, neither.
Now, if you end up tweeting about this,
which I'm not encouraging you to,
encourage them to do Zagnut next.
It's huge.
Say like, oh, this is great, do Zagnut next.
Or like a zero bar, put a zero bar in there.
That was an all-timer count, thank you.
Yes, well, it's a pleasure.
You sound really tired, Count, are you okay?
I just haven't drank enough blood.
Oh, wait, you actually kill people?
Yeah, I kill them to eat them.
Are they all bad people?
Aren't we all, though?
Oh, man, that's a good question.
One of my favorite Bazooka Joe comics once read,
all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
That was on a Bazooka Joe, huh?
Yes, it's one of my favorite,
I, or it may be your Christian Bible,
I hold them in the same esteem.
Oh, wow.
Either way.
Big things are being said on this episode
that we can't take back.
Hey, Count Dona, I had a thought the other day,
I want to run by you.
This is not the segment.
If I get an-
I only talk about donuts here, and then I leave.
If I get an IV where the water has been blessed by a priest
and then you drink my blood, will it hurt you?
Like, if I got a holy water IV-
It's a simple question, Count Dona.
What don't you understand?
If I got a holy water IV and then you drink my blood,
will it hurt you?
Uh, no.
Oh.
You're, because it would be mixed with your blood,
which has been contaminated by original sin.
It's really, it's the cumin of blood.
The most delicious is the original sin.
That's what we go, wow.
Sorry, Count Dona, I actually have extra crispy sin.
So, yeah, that's the good stuff right there.
It does, oh, it's a lot of work to pump through there,
but it's all the sweeter.
You got, you opted for chunky stuff.
Yeah, I can feel it moving all the time and hear it.
Love that.
Yeah, it's a real problem.
I can hear it through drums.
Oh, yeah?
Hey, Count Dona, you're not gonna hurt me, right?
Yeah, Count Dona,
this has been your most upsetting appearance today.
Sleep well.
Oh, boy.
Oh, hey, guys, here's the problem.
And Justin, I'm sorry you have to hear this.
I don't think we can kill Count Dona
without killing Justin.
Yeah, but-
Who's Count, sorry, who's Count Dona?
Oh, you know who he is.
Now, Justin, you know.
You know he's the donut obsessed,
but actual vampire that drinks blood,
the vampire that takes over your body to do munch squads
relating specifically to donuts.
And people love him.
They think he's super funny.
Yeah, but he was just,
I'm not gonna say overtly threatening, but-
But a little bit.
Inefficently, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I'm not saying we have to slay him,
but it's there if we need it.
Do we have time for another question?
Yeah.
There's a question I wanna include here
because we got two questions this week.
And I think this will be simple,
but I think this is an important PSA here.
So I'm gonna read them.
I'm gonna tell you why I included them.
Recently, I used a shuttle service
from airport parking to the main terminal.
The only people on the shuttle were me and the driver.
When I boarded, she asked me
if I was flying Spirit Airlines, and I said, no.
She responded with, oh, you look like you fly Spirit.
I've used Spirit once or twice when traveling,
but brothers, this is the wildest comment I've ever heard.
What could this possibly mean?
And that's from Vax in Virginia.
And then this question.
I recently moved into an apartment building
where a lot of elderly folks live.
Recently, I was getting on the elevator
just as an older couple was exiting,
and they said to me, we warmed it up for you.
What does that mean?
And what am I supposed to say to that?
I laughed awkwardly and said, thanks, and got on.
That's from Baffledon, BC.
In which way are these two related?
I'm gonna tell you, Griffin.
Okay.
I know that it has been two years
with very little human contact.
Sometimes people just say things.
People just say shit, yeah.
And they don't mean anything.
Sometimes there's just, they see a void in the air,
and they want to fill it with something.
This is like when you buy a movie theater ticket, right?
And they say, enjoy the movie, and you say, you too.
That person that sold you the tickets,
they're like, what do they mean by that?
What do they know that I don't know?
They're like, huh, they just said something.
Sometimes people just say things.
And I go through these questions every week, folks.
And 90% of them are like, listen,
that person just opened their mouth,
and some just dumb shit came out.
They weren't thinking about it,
but now it's in your head for weeks.
You have to process it.
Sometimes people just, when their older couple said,
we warmed it up for you, they didn't mean shit by that.
No.
Well, unless.
Unless.
It farted a bunch?
Ripping real dozers.
Thank you, Travis.
Thank you.
Hey, thanks, Travis.
You paused a long time, Griffin.
I know, because it was gonna be so fucking funny
when I said-
Oh, wait, can you say it again?
No, you're interrupting me now while I'm explaining it.
So just listen to me.
Okay, what were you gonna say?
It was gonna be really funny if I waited a long time,
and then I was like, we're ripping big dozers.
Like, that's what I do on this show.
It's like, I go quiet for a little while.
It's like a tactical thing.
And the longer I go quiet, people are like,
what twisted shit is this fucking sicko about to say?
And then, but I can't now,
when you're talking and saying like,
he's about to say some stuff about farts.
Well, no, go ahead and say it.
No, it's too late.
You really took the wind out of my sails.
Literally.
No, not literally.
Not literally, he doesn't have a sail.
No, because it's farts are the wind.
I love that Travis had to say,
sometimes people just say words.
Yeah.
Like, that's like-
If there's one lesson you're gonna take away from me,
is that sometimes people just are awkward in silence
and have to say fucking something,
because there's too long of a pause and a break,
and they're like, oh no, oh no, oh no,
I gotta say something.
We warmed it up for you.
Thank God.
Oh, I almost had to think about my own thoughts
for a second.
Anyway, I hope that helps.
Some people just say things sometimes.
Sometimes we want to say shit.
There's nothing we can do about that.
And you can just let it go.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself,
been edified, educated, entertained, all the three.
All the-
The big ones.
The ones that we aim for.
What else is going on, Trav?
You're usually so promotional.
Well, I want to tell you,
this is more just because our friend,
John Hangeman, Dicktown season two,
it returns to FXX and Hulu on March 3rd, 2022.
So that was, let me see, last, what, Friday?
Anyways, go check it out.
I don't know what day it is.
No, March, last Thursday.
Ah, okay.
Today is the third.
John Hangeman plays John Hunchman,
a former famous boy detective in Dicktown.
David Reese is David Purfoy,
the former high school bully who now works as his driver.
It's part Scooby-Doo, part Bojack Horseman.
Go check it out.
Why are you saying it's so weird?
Can you try again?
Yeah.
Season one was called the year's funniest animated comedy.
And it's available on Hulu at bit.ly slash Dicktown.
It's only 111 minutes long, the whole season,
which is just one third of an Avenger movie,
just so you know.
Season two finds Hunchman and Purfoy
finally on the verge of fame, local TV style,
and maybe even a steady bank account.
Episodes premiere at 10 p.m. on FXX
every Thursday in March,
and then they'll be streaming the following Friday on Hulu.
So go check that out.
20 Rendezvous, Fancy Takes Flight Tour.
Tickets are on sale now.
Real quick update on that.
We have had to reschedule the DC, Detroit,
and Cincinnati shows because of a conflict.
I promise you all the tickets sold for that
will be honored exactly the same ticket.
We're gonna do it.
Just further down the line,
the new dates for those are gonna be
Cincinnati is gonna be November 10th,
Detroit is November 11th,
Washington, DC is November 12th
for My Brother, My Brother and Me,
and November 13th for Taz.
It's wild out there.
A lot of people try and get ahold of venues
and et cetera, et cetera.
But we got stops coming up in St. Louis, Kansas City,
Kansas City, Minneapolis, Boston, Mashantucket,
Salt Lake City, Portland, San Diego,
and a virtual Taz in May.
So go to bit.ly slash McElroy Tours
for ticket links and more info.
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative COVID test
within 72 hours of event start is required.
Thank you to everybody who joined us
for our virtual MBMBAM video on demand
is still available for $10 at bit.ly slash MBMBAM virtual.
Our dad wrote a children's book.
It's coming out on May 10th.
It's called Goldie's Guide to Grandchilding.
You can pre-order it now at Linktree.
It's L-I-N-K-T-R dot E-E slash Goldie's Guide.
We got new merch over at McElroymerch.com,
including the mystery pin of the month,
which is going to be a random pin of the month
from the past.
How exciting.
You never know what you're gonna get.
It's like a box of chocolates.
You never know.
Unless you look at the label.
And that benefits the National Asian Pacific
American Women's Forum.
So go check that out.
We got also Candle Nights 2021 special video on demand
is up now.
It's pay what you want and all proceeds go to Harmony House.
So go to McElroymerch.com.
Check that out.
Yeah, that's it.
That's all of the show.
Thanks so much for watching.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for enjoying, not watching.
Well, thanks for consuming.
Thanks for-
Thanks for consuming this.
We appreciate it.
Thanks for internalizing it in your own special way.
Griffin, what's your final bit this time?
What?
You do a final bit every week.
Did you forget?
Like a different one?
Yeah, that was the whole-
Travis, am I wrong?
No, I believe that this has been the case
or it's been different.
You've been workshopping different bits to close with.
Oh, okay.
Well, okay.
Cool.
Maybe do one of your like skewed view observations.
How about this?
Impressions.
And you guys can just say-
Yeah, let's try impressions.
Give me anyone.
I'm gonna say Seth Rogen.
Yeah, Seth Rogen, that's good.
He's a fellow podcast-
All right, let's try again.
Okay, you ready?
Pass me that doobers.
That's pretty good.
Say something about McLovin.
I wanna hear him say McLovin.
Come on, McLovin, pass me that fat fucking bong.
Now do the sound of Seth Rogen taking a big bong rip.
Now say what he always says after he does a big bong rip.
Oh, chunky butt lovin'.
Yeah.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Oh, this is my brother, my brother, me,
kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
It's better with you.
My life, it's better, it's better with you.
My life, it's better, it's better with you.
It's better with you, cause it's true.
It's better, it's better with you.
My life, it's better with you.
