The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better
Better it's better
It's better it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother big dog Travis
McElroy, and this is your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy eating Pizza Hut and taking ibuprofen
Ibuprofen over here in my Nike shoes and all of them are good
You know as I sip this Folgers brand coffee. Yeah, just think about
How lucky I am, you know, I woke up. I sat up straight up in my Casper bed this morning
Yes, and I pushed the the bull and brand sheets away and I thought how lucky are we to get to live?
This life, you know what I mean as I rubbed the zest soap
All my body and got truly zestfully what flavor says what flavor is zest you rockin?
Explosive orange. Yeah, that one's a little too intense for me. Yeah, it's got those popping bubbles in it
Yeah, if you're a listener at home, you're probably a little bit lost here. So let me bring you in a little bit
We were nominated by the I heart radio podcast Awards, which we instantly cared quite a bit about
Yes, as soon as I saw my name on there
I knew it was legit for best best comedy podcast who cares but best ad read
I when I got the news, I was eating my favorite dishes at the old spaghetti factory and
Really savoring the good flavors in my mouth
And I just could not believe my eyes
This is a problem because I was actually eating at the Olive Garden when I saw it and Olive Garden
Actually paid me to say fuck the old spaghetti
Oh shit guys. Yeah
Imagine a carousel. Yeah, and you're on it and it's taking you
Spinning you wildly round and round and round and through the crowd as you spin you see the face of your grandfather
But that can't be your grandfather. He's been
Dead for many many years
You continue to spin around and round and you see him and he looks at you and dead in the eyes
And he says I forgive you and then the next one around he says
Eat Frito-Lay brand corn chips. Oh powerful stuff now
Is that the racist grandfather or just like your regular one? I feel like we have
Kind of racist we can all agree
Racist if it's not right. I don't think it's racist. It feels a little racist
This is the kind of stuff that snagged us that nomination by the way
Yeah, I mean remember that time when Griffin talked about how babble would help you engage in oral sex
I want to start I want to start being in the meetings where they try to sell our show to advertisers
I could be a real dick
Like what you want the best of the biz you want the best of the biz?
It's a fuck's me up. I heart radio had to have listened
To and and Travis brings up a good point if it was the one where I talked about how babble will make you better
oral sex
That's crazy
Here's what I like to think there are many let's be honest
There are many that would not only get us not on this list. They would get us banned for these awards
Yeah, the FCC would have some problems
I have a theory that what happened was they put four podcasts on the list that they'd listen to and they're like
I wish I make a five every other categories five
Does anyone else listen any podcasts where they have funny reads and like one guy was like?
My brother my brother me. Oh, yeah, none of us have ever listened to that show. What kind of what are their ad reads like?
They're not dirty are they Derek
To the point they don't like make fun of the brand or
Talk about how like Squarespace is sounds kind of like if you said like like a circle area and that you're competing website
No, they would never do that. All right. We got chatty broads with Becca and Jess. They're up there in the
Fantastic advertisers. Yeah great advertisers couldn't know Brian needs a friend. Does it seem
You know
Literally with Rob Lowe like it those two they've got their they've got Emmys and shit
Probably they got other they don't they don't need this and the I heart radio podcast awards love a story
Yeah, yeah, they love a story and I feel like those guys don't need and Rob Lowe's thing is always like
Squatty potty literally saved my butthole like it's like and it's always that it's like
Pizza Hut literally tastes good the cheese in my mouth and it's like we get it dude. Hey, guess what?
Rob Lowe has never eaten Pizza Hut. No
Or pooped. That's the kind of real shit we bring. All the ads that motherfucker could do are like skin-tight lycra
We all love it, but can't we all wear our exercise bike? The vegetable council would love to
Lamborghini chafing is a big deal
We all experience it from time to time
Listen, we've all been there, you know
Smartless, which is well our net Jason Bateman and Sean Hayes. This is a two-horse race. This is this is us and Jenny
Bronson these other people cannot wait. It's not fair. Of course, they do good batteries. They're professionals
Yeah, we're JV
Not the JV club another great podcast the maximum fun Network, but we're the we're the you know, yeah
Yeah, absolutely and listen all of them the the Conan O'Brien
Smartless literally, I'm pretty sure they're nominated for other categories, right?
So this is this is the like, you know, the the best sound editing which don't get me wrong
So anything's very important, but this is where our movies gonna win, right?
Like sure we can put on the box of an I heart radio podcast award-winning podcast, right?
I mean, I feel like they're pull they're trying to pull like if we give it to smartless. Do we get
Are these guys at the award? Oh, right, right. Oh, yeah, I get that
Can we get these guys if they're there, you know, if we if they win certainly sir. Yeah, they'll be there
We're bones dudes. Yeah, we're both. Yeah, they'll probably just give us the best comedy one. Oh
Damn, I know
Damn, that's smartless. I was kind of thinking that they would do like
You know, a lot of these are like 12 episodes. They're out there every week. Yeah, I'm putting in the work, you know
I know. I mean shout shout out to them. They're consistent
especially for people who have things
Things going on lots of other things. Yeah of our two shows one of us has a Ozark guy in it
That should be that's true. And it's true. It's not
I'm not on the I'm not on those arcs. I was actually edited out
I was but I was supposed to have a four episode arc and they cut me out of all four
I was mr. I was mr. Drugs. You remember that character I do
Yeah, I was like Billy the former mayor and much-beloved figure around town. Then they see
It I did it
And I don't know
Yeah flip it off though
They sold smartless to Amazon
We're fucking ride or die
They love that story. Yeah in these chatty broads is Indy too. Damn it. It's okay
Yeah, we're not entirely
On the show. Yeah, it's already any point be like you're out carrot top French Stewart
Kelsey grammar, you're the new snort. Well, hey look at that. Hey I heart right now Amazon could go to them and say you have to do
advertisements for
You know racist brand chips and they have to do it. They have
We don't we don't we do whatever we want
What we want to do is help you our listening audience. It's an honor to be nominated
Can we say that but you don't win? I'm gonna throw a thermonuclear piss fit like
Yeah
Absolutely gonna lose. I I also just want to say hey I heart radio. Thank you so much
Very flattered that you put us in best comedy podcast
I do like that we're up there in best comedy and down at the bottom
It's like podcast to watch films to be buried with with Brett Goldstein one of the most famous people on the planet right now
Brett Goldstein watch. Hey us three established fellows are gonna tell you watch that young whippersnapper of Brett Goldstein
He's going places. Let me do this. Let me do this cuz we got a lot of famos. Yeah in our category for best ad read
Let me do this. Let me say
Congratulations huge congratulations to chatty broads with Becca and Jess. Yes huge congratulations to Conan
Oh Brian needs a friend so happy to be nominated with literally with Rob Lowe and and congratulations to smartless now if any of those shows
Don't mention our show by name
Stop their bad sport. Yes. Yes. Now the ball's in their court. That's a good sport
Sean I know you're listening just it. Hey one Justin tuna Jason you get the idea
And I heart radio one other thing to consider is that our daddy gave you the best years of his life the best years
of his life
You also do I want to highlight though that it is
91 days away until the podcast award and the chance that I will remember this in 90 days. Yeah, very slight unless that
Until the Hardy shows up in your mailbox. Oh, absolutely. I just assumed we get an invite
They're not gonna make if we will well, that'll be a good indication. Oh, that'll be a great
Is to be there no, I mean you can come if you want
You might make mr. Bate would
Oh, we can just cut to some cardboard cutouts. It's fine
Wait, yeah, I want to send him a picture of myself for the cardboard cutout and it's me like nodding understandably
That makes sense. Yeah. Oh I get it
Okay, I get it. Hey, we got a strong crop of questions. Yeah, let's get busy
Today's the birthday of my roommate unlikely
exactly
considering that
You know, we're reading it whenever they have no control over the temperature of this but perhaps when it was written
I have to assume that's it Justin
I don't think this was a moving target thing trying to time it out who is a good friend of mine good
I do not usually make things but this year I got some help from my girlfriend and made a homemade pumpkin pie from scratch
nummy
nummy numbers
It's the right season for that. You don't want to make that in like May
Yeah, even pureed the pumpkin ourselves rookie mistake, but okay. Yeah, you can buy that you can just buy that
Don't don't waste your time
Don't make anything. Yeah, just buy a pumpkin pie
Roommate was grateful for the pie, but after a quiet night without any birthday festivities. She has not yet eaten any of the pie. Okay
I'm a selfish man
homemade pie something that my heart and my tummy greatly desires
How do I get them to eat some of this pie so that I can have some that's from pie problems in Portland
That's a topic. Let me just start off by letting you off the hook a little bit
You may have homemade pie from scratch. You're not selfish. You're human
If you're human of your time, you've seen that pies that you put the hard work into that pie, right?
You did a little bit of the little red hen who will help me plant the wheat who will help me harvest the wheat
Right, you made the pie and now you're looking at that pie and you want to have a little flizzy for your work
I get it. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that at all
Let me say this. Yeah, if you're listening to this on
Monday the 18th. Yeah of October don't eat them. Don't eat the part
Okay, it's too late. Oh
You miss their chance so I can help in that sense. Don't eat don't need the pie. Let me tell you
Here's the secret, right? I've I figured this out
When there is any kind of birthday thing you bake a thing you make a thing whatever, right?
Yeah, shake a thing you shake a thing you take a thing you like a thing you
Everybody like Bella thing everybody's waiting for the first cut. Yeah, right
You have to
Justin you okay? I just
Yeah, I had to stand up. Okay, so I had to stand up cuz like
Go ahead. Try us you fishy. Well, you got to make the first cut right? And so I make the first you gotta make the
First cut and so at some point you just have to start slicing things up and putting them on plates and saying who wants it
Right, because otherwise everybody's waiting for when is it time for it? I don't want to be the person who asked for it
You just got you just gotta start serving it
They should they should make pie molds that look like a slice is already missing
Yeah bait when you make it and so people just assume like it's go time also
Do you have whipped cream there?
Cuz if there's if there's pumpkin to kinder pie that person is waiting for the whipping cream to go with I saw one on America's
Test kitchen, you know what they did last night. It's actually Cook's Country. What's the difference?
They put some melted milk powder into their whipped cream. Oh, yes
Hey you question asker you fucked up
You fucked up you can't put this kind of baked good pressure on somebody that lives with you
Yeah, because you need to be able okay. Here's the way
Here's the way baked good baked goods gift if you give someone a baked good, right and you say please enjoy they say
Oh, thank you
Thank you. I'm gonna take this. Hope a week later. They bring you back a cleaned
High plate they say thank you. It was delicious, right your heart in your head say they ate the whole thing
Maybe even in one sitting
Maybe one sitting they loved it so much couldn't put it down. They did not
Fold up a business card and shovel two-thirds of it into the trash can right that didn't happen
They ate as much as they wanted and that might have been almost none
Right, but you now have put them in the situation where every bite every nibble is
Going to be under your watchful. Eye. What if they cut a slice? Uh-huh
While you're just trying to enjoy TV together. You're just trying to watch
Survivor together they cut a slice
They know that they are now going to consume this pie under the watchful eye of Sauron
Yeah, you're gonna be every move every micro micro taste every micro machine every micro. No, there's no micro machine
Well, they don't know here's the thing Justin
It's even worse than that because if you're good friends with a roommate, they know you don't normally bake things
Oh, yeah
The pressure's so on and they watch you maybe like puree it yourself or you said like you're in the world and they're like
Have you ever pure it there in their head? They're thinking have I ever seen them puree anything before?
Do they know if it was done? How did that happen to you? What was that?
That was just my chair pushing my chair all the way. I decided I'm not gonna need it this whole episode. Listen
It's too much when you do everything yourself from scratch. There's so much room for error. Did you leave?
Did you leave a mess? Yeah, did you leave a mess?
Because I wouldn't be happy to get the pie that did the mess that broke my heart
For sure for sure. I would say 48 hours have passed you can just cut into it
I think you can go nuts after I think after 30 you have you have to ask it's insane
Not to think about the flipside of this question if we received it
It was like my roommate baked me a pie and it was really sweet and then they cut into that motherfucker
Like I was saving it to show my mom on FaceTime
Yeah, and she's been in Bermuda this whole time. And so I had to wait
There is a massive difference between a pie with a tiny
Half inch slice out of it and a pie that is untouched pie that is untouched you could take to a bake sale
yeah, you could take to the a pie that is untouched has has value you could take it to a
Pawn shop. Oh
Aftermarket the pie aftermarket is very very lucrative right now. Yeah, you have there's a market for that
You could take it to someone else's house and be like, I
Made pie. I mean, you know the pie things that people say cool. Yeah, that is happening
by the way, the big good the second hand big good has happened to me many times where it's like, oh, yeah, my
In-laws gave this to me, but they gave me too much. So now I'm giving it to you and it's like
Oh, I'm not gonna eat that
Like there's just something about that where like I know at this point like oh, I'm really appreciative of this
It's gonna sit on the counter for X number of days before I go
Ah, man, I should have eaten that and then I'm gonna throw it away
Like there's something about the disconnect where it just fades from my memory like Brigadoon
Yeah, my trick my trick is I'll bake something really delicious cuz you know me that's a good trick, you know me
I'll bring I make something really delicious. I'll try a slice. I'm like, this is really good
And if I have this in the house, I'm gonna eat this whole fucking thing. Yeah, it's so good
So then I'll take it over to Sydney's parents house. I'll say hey time at this point
You got a Mary and Tommy's I think everyone marry Tommy's house in
It's like Tommy. You gotta try this pumpkin cake and then I'll just like
Accidentally leave it there. Yeah, knowing full well that he'll consume the entire thing for breakfast
So I'm basically using my father-in-law as a more ethical garbage can
There you go using his body like a like a more ethical trash can that makes me feel good cuz it nourished
You know what? I mean it nourished somebody
Do you ever think that this is what how when you go to like the supermarket?
And you see they're selling like a half pie and that like half pie container
that like the person baked it in the grocery store and they went I can have a little piece and pretty soon half the
Pie was gone and they were like, oh no
And they had to build a special container to just sell half a pie and it just kept happening because damn those pies look good
They do look good though. I you know, he gets the time he gets the little guy pies, you know
Tommy does Tommy gets the little guy. He goes to Walmart. He gets a little guy pie and it's a personal, you know
I've heard pot, you know personal pie pie a personal pie a little guy pie
Hey
Do you guys want to approach the Wizards Throne? We talking wait, is he in it?
Yeah, were you guys tracking how long we just talked about pie because it was it was a big it was a big pie talk
You know, it's a great question. Hurry up. You could do a pie chart of how much time we spent talking about pie
That's funny Marlena sent this one in and it's just like a it's I wish I had this one when kovats started
Cuz I don't know about you guys, but I got pretty fucking bored. Oh, yeah
During kovat stuff like starting like like it's hard for me to remember what things were like back then
Yeah, it's kovats. They were it's wicked a lot like how it is
Presently this feels that way sometimes to them
Yeah, I'll like all the time but it's okay because now we're gonna teach you how to pass time
This one was co-authored. I didn't know that this was something you had to actively do. I have this explains so much
Yeah, you have to really force your body to move forward through the time stream. Yeah, it was co-authored by Lucy
Yeah, so let's get into it. There's so much stuff here guys
method one doing stuff
Oh awesome so far. That's that's pretty brassy to put that out number one. Yeah
Stuff is a big that's a big the big hit open with number two not doing stuff
Yeah, so the first the very first thing you need to pass the time why not dance around?
Have a dance party just for yourself
if you're in a place where you can't dance choreograph a dance inside your head to your favorite song and I know that Ellen's
in hot water, but I for her whole thing, but I bet you
That she's kind of stoked to not have to do that show anymore
Cuz now she can just like when the spirit moves her
She doesn't have to wait to be in front of an audience and just have a little dance
Yeah, why would I want to dance if no one is watching?
Yes, exactly
I
Think choreographing a dance in your head to entertain yourself. Yeah, I mean
I
Was gonna say that's pretty wild I guess that's how choreographers do it right? Yeah, that's true
That's I know if you have a gift or not until you start choreographing things in your brain
Yeah, Travis wall one day was just like waiting in a long line at Target. He was like, ooh, actually that would look fucking cool
Watch me do this and tell me if it looks good cuz I can't see myself from here
Oh, no, no Travis Travis. Sorry Travis wall can't dance
He just does the the dance moves in his brain, you know
He just makes the brain dancers in his dreamscape dance
But when he tries to do him with his body and it's frustrating because when he's showing something he's like, all right
So you want to twist your arms like then and do him like this and people like Travis you need to stop pal
I organize your movie shelf that we all have
Oh now this is good because a lot of people talk about do you do by genre do you do it?
You know by director by year. No by color. Oh, that's one of the yeah
That's one of the options here traps the spine color
It's great. If you don't have any movies nearby just rank your favorite movies in your head or read books
Hey, you can't wait
One of the oldest ways to pass time in the history of exist
like humanity has been killing time by looking at ink on paper for thousands of years and you
Get in with that movie shelf that you throw that in underneath. Oh you'd organize your movies, I guess
Yeah, and then I'll skip that like I'm not gonna read that that's wild and then they slip in there, you know
No, read books. Yeah, you could
Escape into the wonderful world of literature that could take you anywhere as long as your mind is willing to accept it
Or you could figure out the right order from Pixar movies. Yeah, it's so mad at my
At my ownership of any physical. Oh sure. Yeah, I haven't bought a movie
Comprehend. Yeah, can't comprehend haven't bought a physical movie or book for that matter
I think unless it's a reference book. I don't buy a lot of them, but I'll begin from get put them away
I don't know when I want to watch season three of Penn and Teller's bullshit. I don't know. It's true
No
Could be any time I do like to have them for when people come over and I say look at that
That's a thing. Look at it. That's my almost complete box set of lost
I am missing a few discs from I loaned them to my friend Jeremy, and I'm never getting
Write a song. All right, sorry, but whatever make up your own language. She be booby-dooby-gooby
Love it. Good. We love it. You call me
I called you a scooby-dooby-dooby-dooby and that's my language how is take a nap not number one. That's the number
I've got time to kill. I've taken a nap. Take a nap is actually number two
Yeah
Not under do things
It is this is all part of the do things umbrella
Okay, clean organize or DIY your room fuck off. That's not passing time. That's work. That's chores doing stuff. I
All right. Listen, we need to get back in our brainscape because the second method is using your imagination
Imagination imagine conversations plug your ears and make up random things that people are saying around you
Wait, awesome
What?
The action of a healthy person that is one of the wildest things I've ever heard
It's not imagine a conversation you might have where you're doing both parts plug your ears and imagine
You're a fly on the wall and people are talking around you
Yeah, but like that sounds wild but you know
That's what Stephen King is doing all the time 18 hours a day. Yeah
Then the only way to quiet it is to write it down. It's a right
He plugs his ears at a nice restaurant and just looks around. He just thinks like Jeremy. There's a big mummy behind you
That's not that's not right Steven. I'm gonna do name the skateboard of ghost ravine
Perfect when I put on this mask, it makes me into a skeleton that stabs butts. No
Fuck
Fuck that's not it. That's not it either
Do you know what would be so dumb if I was Stephen King to drop a 50,000 word book about a skeleton that stabs butts on my editor's desk and be like
It's the master of horror's mask
You have to print it and if you change a word I'll burn this building down around
Do you know who I am? I'm Stephen King. I'm Stephen King. This is my new vision. It's about a skeleton that stabs butts
Oh print, mr. Bone of the butts
Wait is Steven is there a 1.0? No
Turn to page 800. There's a twist. Yep
The knife turns people into skeletons and then they stab more butts now
I know you're wondering does bony butt stabber live in coastal Maine and the answer is yes, of course
He does
And he loves the Red Sox now my butt my butts been stabbed I that's my job
Fantastic right small butt stab under the but not squash
Are you some kind of skeleton? Wow?
Imagine Grover's Corners never saw a butt stabber like mr. Bono before
You've never seen anyone from Maine with the way that you are doing this accident correction
I was I was the dad of the girl. Mr. Webb in in our newspaper man
Mm-hmm. Okay. He's the editor of the newspaper down in global. I still remember all the words from my partner our town
I used I would say this is our town. That's what we like it that way
All I remember is that's all right smart farm. All right, smart. All right. Okay, so there's so much more guys, please
Imagine that you're a spy. Okay, cool
Yes, I do that. Well, what if you're already a spy trying to pass time? Yeah, then imagine you're just
You work out office
My name's Doug photocopy photocopy photocopy. Oh, does anyone you have does anyone tried the new office milk?
Oh
No, I stopped. I forgot. I'm a spy
That's how the new James Bond movie ends by the way, yeah
Put yourself this way yourself in someone else's head blah blah blah assign superpowers
Decide what superpowers everyone in the room would have try to be creative but keep the powers useful
Okay
This is exhausting. It sounds so hard. Yeah. Okay. Well then let's try this next one because it could be this one
I think is a pretty fun way to pass the time
Imagine your past loved ones
Have an imaginary conversation with someone that you love that has passed on what would they say about where you are in life now?
What would they say about what the afterlife life is like?
Normal way to kick it on a Thursday afternoon. I got ten minutes of the DMV. Hey me ma
What's the internal rest like? What's the damn this stop light this stop? I say forever. Don't you think so rush limbaugh?
Then that's fun cuz you can make him be like, oh I pooped my pants hell is bad. I
Bet though the libs made this stop light the libs love their gotta go a devil stab me in the butt and I'm turning into a
skeleton
It's all real. It's all very real Stephen King was right
We should have listened
He tried to warn us
It was a prophecy
And they loved the Red Sox
Buddy what's never is a documentary. I keep doing
Everybody why don't they listen to me? Why didn't we come up with a name for documentary for books?
I tried to say book you better and they laughed me out of the room. It's real
Oh, there's no word for vocabulary, but he does
We are halfway through play a game with yourself for other people whatever start a new TV show, okay play a prank
It's better to start a new TV show. We've tried that one many many times. It's very unsatisfying. It takes a long time
All right, trust me you end up in a lot of zoom calls pitching your idea and then nobody wants it. Yeah
Step five on I'm skipping a lot now step five of having fun is read a book. So they said they do circle that boy
Yeah
this next one hits
So paradoxical so fucking fast. Okay, we are we've moved on to the last subsection method for being productive
first step one use the Internet
But no
That's not what being productive is
Just go to YouTube or Wikipedia reddit and boing boing. I am very productive on boing boing today
Okay exercise barf make a friend yeah, it's that easy
Make a matter what you know people always say that but it's not it's not that simple
It's a pretty tough and then finally dream the dream make a top ten list for what you want to do with your life
Yeah, yeah that won't send you into sort of an existential spiral. Definitely a cool way to pass the time
do that one while you're talking to your
past away gram-gram
Just for the full like oh I had a list like that. Mm-hmm
I didn't get too many of them, but you know
Oh light scream
Yeah, hey
You gotta go now. You're the one with all the free time, right? Why are you chatting to me?
You should get busy
busy living or get busy being stabbed in your butt. That's what I always say
So I feel like we're all pretty well equipped to there's some there's like 50 more tips here
Yeah that are just like don't look at your watch
Okay
But we don't need to we don't need we've plumbed these depths. Okay a lot good. Excellent
Let's take a brief intermission to well, I mean
It's not even a break. Is it because when you're getting the ads from the best in the biz, yeah
Yeah, then it's more it's it's another treat. It's more more great content. I'll just say that more great content coming up next in my son
Warby Parker was founded to create a boutique quality
Dang Rob Lowe, how'd you get on to our show? Just kidding Rob
eyeglasses sunglasses contact lenses and eye exams
That's really good. Mr. Herbert. Mr. Herbert. You have a telephone call
Don't let your FSA or HSA dollars go to waste put them to good use on Warby Parker
prescription glasses
prescription sunglasses
contact lenses eye
exams and cool shorts in
addition to stylish frames Warby Parker carries a variety of contact lens brands like accuview and
biofinity and cool shorts
Only the coolest shorts at Warby Parker. How many pockets do you want to carry your sunglasses?
Contact lenses and eye exams. That's right. We have portable eye exams at Warby Parker only in our cool shorts
I'm wearing Warby Parker glasses right now and they match my shorts
I love them and I want you to wear my glasses and shorts and
They weren't nearly as expensive as you might think
Because they're giving you great deals great styles great shorts Warby Parker
So visit warbyparker.com slash my brother to save 15% on your first order of contact lenses
That's 15% on your first order of contacts savings are automatically applied at checkout
Notice Warby Parker does not sell shorts. Oh
Okay
You you had me for a minute there. No, I know I listen I was so worried like listen
I know what a dream weaver I am, you know what I mean?
I'm right if I could make shorts that my I could put glasses in yeah, and then just like chill on it
Fuck that would be cool. What if you put shorts on and help you see better?
What if what if the shorts were made out of like?
The glasses cleaning cloth material. Oh, you just rub my face right on my own shorts. That would be awesome
Hey today's episode is also sponsored by honey
We all use internet and sometimes we use it to pass the time
but sometimes we use it to buy shit and
Honey is a free browser extension that scours the internet for promo codes and applies the best one if it finds it to your cart
And do you think we use a promo code for honey? Do you think that honey would explode?
whoa
Yes
Probably I hope not because I do think we have a promo code. Yeah, that's wild to think about Travis
Anyway, imagine shopping on one of your favorite sites like okay
like Papa John's and
When you check out the honey button drops down, and it says I see you're looking at
Papa John's Pizza, but we do have coupons for Pizza Hut it said I don't actually know that it does that
Let me start over
Imagine you're shopping on one of your favorite sites
Okay, Google and when you check out the honey button drops down wait
What am I shopping for on Google internet sites, and it's like we have 10 internet sites for you today
That will be $10, but then the honey button is like click click this button says apply coupons, and you click it
And it's like hey, I found a free one. It's coupon code
Google cool site 69 and you type that in and all of a sudden the websites are free
We use this yeah for sure I use honey a lot when I buy like a virtual instrument
Bullshit because there's always sales on those going on
There's so many different ways that honey has saved me money on different things that I
That I buy on on websites honey saved my life once it's true. Yeah, I I
Cut myself very badly and so I googled
Need paramedics and honey was like I can get you those paramedics for free
And I was like what a great deal and then honey called the paramedics for me
Yeah, they came and they brought a pizza with them. Yeah, see I had to spend $100 at the store
Oh, just one big band-aid if only you've been there for me
If you don't already have honey you could be straight up missing out on free savings
It's literally free and installs in a few seconds and by getting it
You'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this podcast get honey for free at join honey comm slash brother
That's join honey comm slash brother
Hey there, I'm Ellen Weatherford, and I'm Christian Weatherford, and we've got big feelings about animals that we just got to share
On just the zoo of us your new favorite animal review podcast
We're here to critically evaluate how each animal excels and how it doesn't
Rating them out of ten on their effectiveness ingenuity and aesthetics
Guest experts give you their takes informed by actual real-life
Experiences studying and working with very cool animals like sharks cheetahs and sea turtles
It's a field trip to the zoo for your ears
So if you or your kids have ever wondered if a pigeon can count why sloths move so slow or how a spider sees the world
Find out with us every Wednesday on just the zoo of us which can now be found in its natural habitat on maximumfun.org
Listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts
You said you didn't have any bits
Bits would imply they're funny. I just have news
I want to munch I want to munch
The spooky season is here. And for donuts are no exception
Welcome Munch Squad it's a podcast within podcast profiling the latest in greatest in brand eating
I just want to let everybody know what's going on for the scary times as far as donuts. Okay
I don't want to hear it from you Justin
Duncan, Justin, I don't want to hear it from you.
I want to hear it from Count Donut.
Yeah.
Well, he actually, I talked to him
and he said he was too busy.
What?
Sorry about that.
Hold on.
I'm going to call him.
This one stands.
After we made him, we made him.
This is, oh, okay, hold on.
Beep, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Ring.
New phone, who dis?
You know who it is, Count Donut.
Who dis?
It's a new phone.
It's Travis McElroy from My Brother and My Brother.
Who?
Travis Mc.
Oh, from Smartless.
No, no, from My Brother and My Brother
and Me and the Milless Brother.
Like where the fuck do you get off
telling Justin you're busy after we give you your big break?
Yeah, that sucks.
I had a bat mitzvah.
Okay.
That's actually fun.
That's actually really fucking funny.
Hey, can I say something?
Can I, hey, it's Justin here.
That was funny.
That was great.
That kicked ass.
Don't just like go, I had to go do a bat mitzvah.
We definitely heard it.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
It's pretty funny, but also like we're talking about donuts
and it's Halloween donuts
and like it's literally like the only time of year
where we expect you to like show up.
And do anything.
Fine, but you have to pay me double my normal rate.
That won't be a problem.
$20?
Okay.
No.
What?
Something much more precious than money.
Like a switch?
Something thick and crimson.
I would actually, I'll give you some of my blood
to not make that sound anymore.
Yeah.
That is how I do it all the time.
Welcome to Munch Squad.
I am Count Donut.
The spooky season is truly here.
First, Dunkin' Donut has a,
it says the sweet not scary spider donut.
It's a orange with a chocolate munchkin in the middle
and brown icing to look like a spider.
I hate that.
It's very scary.
We've also got the peanut butter cup macchiato.
What?
Halloween.
This is what Ando Caffur says.
Halloween is always a fearfully fun holiday at Dunkin'.
This year we're going all in for the occasion,
celebrating our Halloween enthusiasts
with not only the sweetest new peanut butter cup macchiato,
but also a very special scary sweepstakes.
Oh, how fun.
It offers $1,000 per day
at the virtual trick-or-treating experience.
What's the scary part?
You can do this if you want to go to dunkendoor.com.
It's an AR experience and you can ring the bell
and it's a very scary and you maybe win some money.
All right, all right.
Spooky season is underway at Duck Donuts.
At what?
Duck Donuts.
The spooky box is back.
This spooky box is back
and it gives a chilling goosebumps.
It says chilling goosebumps on your taste buds
with delicious Halloween inspired combinations
like dirt and worms.
Oh, so great.
What?
Chocolate icing with Oreo cookie pieces
and a limited time gummy worm.
Oh, so it's not really.
Hey, you get the gummy worm around me,
they're all for a limited time.
I love those chewy bastards.
All right.
So mummy.
Shh, listen.
It's a good joke.
So mummy.
So mummy.
So mummy?
So like a yummy.
Oh, it's like yummy.
Oh, shit.
But it's mummy.
So mummy, vanilla icing with peach and streusel topping
and salted caramel drizzle.
I would ruin one of those.
Yes, I would.
It in turn would ruin me.
Halloween pumpkin.
Okay, that's on the nose.
He listened to this description.
Pumpkin icing with Halloween sprinkles.
What's a Halloween sprinkle?
If you got a more daring guest in your party, Travis,
are you a little more daring?
No.
You can conjure up your own haunting creations
with this spooky box decorating kit.
It comes with four donuts for a family
or eight donuts and as a do-it-yourself
with icing and toppings like a delicious gummy worms.
Halloween it has never tasted so good.
That's not that daring, all things considered.
That's more just saying-
You didn't hear about the dirt and worms?
Yeah, but I mean-
It's terrifying.
It's just saying like, are you willing to take the dare
to do the work that someone else could have done for you
for the same price?
But your kids would love to do this
and make a huge mess. No, they won't.
They'll start for three seconds
and then I'll have to do it. Make a huge mess.
Justin's kids love to do shit.
And make a huge mess.
My kids like the idea of it.
And then they remember that apparently I work for them.
This is the scariest one of all.
Oh, fuck.
I don't want you to be too terrified when I launch in.
So make sure you've braced yourself for true terror
because once I reveal to you the name
that Krispy Kreme has chosen for their Halloween lineup,
you will be chilled to the very bone.
You will look to the edge of existence
and you will be insane for it.
Okay.
Okay.
Are you ready for this?
I guess so.
Are you fully braced?
Yeah, no, I'm, yeah.
I told Guillermo del Toro this, he shit his own pants.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
You know Guillermo del Toro now?
You've gotten so big.
Thank you, yes.
He's a dear friend.
Okay. Named Robert.
Krispy Kreme launches Halloween lineup of
Krispy Scream Donuts.
No!
No!
I've driven myself mad.
No!
I'm now from terror.
Oh, God.
The darkness, it's everywhere.
Under a witchy theme,
Krispy Kreme has transformed to Krispy Scream.
I said it again.
I have to stop saying it.
Ah!
They complete with a very scary logo change.
All right.
That actually just sounds expensive.
Free donuts and the treat of a dollar dozen every Saturday.
Okay.
Plus, a free donut offer on Halloween.
Beginning today, well, it's a while ago,
beginning last Monday, Krispy Scream fans
will be enchanted by four new donuts.
Even when you kind of whisper it, it still like hurts.
Yeah.
It is hard, isn't it?
There's new donuts.
Who's the first one?
Abracadabra.
Abracadabra.
Abracadabra donut.
It's a long walk.
It's a little sweaty, this one.
This one comes with a little extra sweat.
It's like, it's a donut.
Enchanted Cauldron Donut.
It's chocolate with a pretzel witch broomstick.
Do you think that they came up with them in that order
where they're like put a lot of work into abracadabra
and then they were just like,
and this one's like an enchanted cauldron,
so we're just gonna call it that.
Bewitched Broomstick Donut,
which is an unglazed shell donut dipped in purple icing
decorated with icing swirl and gold stars.
Okay.
And then most terrifying of all, the Spooky Sprinkled.
It's orange icing and topped with,
I shudder to this Halloween sprinkle.
Again, it rears its head.
I shit myself.
Saturday's beginning October 16th to Halloween
will be scary great.
It's like fairy, but spooky.
For Krispy Scream fans who can give a dollar a dozen
to share with family and friends
with the purchase of any dozen.
They call them Saturday Scary Sherries.
Huh.
Huh.
Even, I tell this to Richard Scary,
he barf on his children.
Even Richard Scary driven insane by this.
I bet his children are adults at this point too,
so that's gotta be wild.
Let's just hope they're not litigious.
We all deserve an incredibly great Halloween this year.
Here we go.
Still, we just have to keep referencing
the fact that this is a bad time.
And certainly the curry is a donut.
We all deserve an incredibly great Halloween this year
because of the ongoing COVID pandemic.
It doesn't say this, but it's implied.
So we're turning to Krispy Scream for the month
and scaring up some amazing Halloween donuts
along with some spooky good deals.
This is Dave Skinner.
I probably didn't even need to tell you.
You could tell it Dave Skinner by the way.
Help us have fun too by coming by on Halloween in costume.
Oh boy.
And we'll give you a free donut.
Now you can share how you've been entranced
by Krispy Scream's new donuts.
No, I'm actually getting pretty in here too.
This is what they want you to do
for this incredible, incredible event.
Hashtag Krispy Scream.
They say that if you type hashtag Krispy Scream
into your social media, it will make you insane
and also your family be insane too
and everyone driven mad by darkness.
By tweeting it?
Yeah, if you tweet the hashtag Krispy Scream,
then you could be the first one to be driven mad
by this incredible promotion.
Don't be the last on your block.
No, that would be so embarrassing.
Now I will say this.
Oh, Krispy, so they've already, this is confusing, right?
Cause they already smell cream bad
and then they're adding in the scream.
It's very confusing.
I've tried to do it three times.
Here we go.
Krispy.
Let's just see the kind of heat this tag's been getting.
Oh, there's not many.
You know, here's the thing.
We could take over this hashtag.
No, Donut.
We could own this.
We could own this hashtag.
Here's Krispy Scream.
There's five tweets.
Let's take this.
Now Count Donut, we can do this on one.
Let's have this hashtag for our very own.
Here's the thing Count Donut, we can do this,
but the tweets that you do
have to be completely and utterly innocuous.
Like had a great day.
Oh man.
You guys see that tree?
Krispy Scream.
That's the only way I will allow this Count Donut.
That seems more harmful than talking about
how these donuts have driven you to the brink of madness.
Okay, then let's do that.
Just use the tag to tell how the donuts
have driven you mad.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, now I can get on board with that.
Yes, I want to take over this K-R-I-S-P-Y-S-K-R-E-N-E.
Oh, it's spelled bad too, huh?
It's spelled so bad, so it's ours now.
And we'll use it for just horror.
Just absolute Lovecraftian nightmare.
Yeah, there you go.
About the dark ones and the donuts.
So anyway, get the donuts.
Or don't, whatever.
Eat the donuts or don't, it's up to you.
You're starting to sound a lot like Richard Stink,
Mr. Dracula.
Yeah, a little bit.
How about another one of these great questions?
I must bring Justin back to life one more time.
Oh God, you killed him?
Why do people-
I kill him every time I do this.
People keep killing Justin.
Do you want me to read the question?
No.
Sorry, it's still me, I was a vape.
Okay, yeah, go ahead and get your vape stand.
Did the huge, huge rip off my vape.
One sec, let me rip this cotton out.
All right, here's Justin.
Hey guys. Hi.
Oh man, you've vaped it up.
Such a huge cloud.
Blood vape.
Is it blood flavor?
It's blood flavor.
No, sorry, blood orange.
I misread the file.
That's refreshing.
We said we were gonna do a lot of questions this time.
We're gonna fire these off.
We're gonna get more.
You ready?
I'm in a new city for work and on my walk to my job,
I pass a house with a trampoline in the side yard.
There is very little division between the yard
and the sidewalk and the trampoline is no more
than 15 feet from me as I pass.
Brothers, what is the protocol for using
a stranger's trampoline?
Rip it.
Is it stealing if I just hop on for a few bounces
on my way to work?
That's from grounded in Greenboro.
Yes, let's just, can we, boys, please?
Yes, it's stealing.
You, it's stealing.
You all know there's other crimes other than stealing,
right?
Yeah. Yeah.
There's like, one might be trespassing.
That's one, yeah.
One that you might do.
Trespassing.
It's don't do.
Trespassing.
But for real, there's some great questions on this week.
Don't bounce on a stranger's trampoline.
What, why?
Justin, if you had a trampoline in your yard,
if you had a trampoline in your yard
and you looked outside and there was a stranger rando adult
having a bounce on their way to work
with their briefcase and everything.
Should be polite about it.
What?
Oh, wait, hold on, Griffin.
You actually just sold it for me
because if they have a briefcase and everything,
then this is-
It's a businessman who's like finally free.
This is a full blown music video moment
and I'm here for it, Griffin.
Yeah, I freed the businessman.
Okay.
That's the only way that it's-
I think that's the one time.
The only time that's acceptable.
If you're holding to like a travel mug of coffee
that you're drinking from while you're bouncing
and you have your briefcase in one hand
and full like suit, then it's okay.
But if you're doing it in grownup clothes,
looking at me through the window, completely stone-faced.
With a thumbs up.
With a thumbs up, you must leave.
Or I must.
Next question.
There's a security guard at work
who keeps on trying to scare me.
They regularly sneak upon me and go boo
or jump out at me from behind doors.
They're not very good at scaring me
and their scares never seem to get the desired reaction.
This is a problem seeing as they're an amazing cook
and are known to give free food
to people they scare successfully.
What is this business?
I have tried their cooking at pre-pandemic potlucks
and still dream of their coconut shrimp to this day.
How do I give a convincing enough performance
to arm me some delicious seafood curry?
That's from a hungry, hungry museum worker.
None of this makes any sense to me.
Okay, the fact they work in a museum
twists and turns this thing fucking completely for me.
If it was an office and people were pulling this shit,
it would be like, this is a place of business.
But if someone is dressing up like the mummy
or like Bony Butt Stabber
and doing this in a museum setting, that's fun.
I think that's pretty fun.
Yep, absolutely fun.
I think it's fun to get scared in a museum
and then get yummy like red lobster appetizers out of it.
Like that kicks ass to me.
Yeah, that sounds choice.
Now Justin-
And I'd love to go to a museum.
You guys remember those?
I do.
It's like a big house full of old things.
And at night they come to life
and they give you life lessons.
At night, every one of them comes to life.
Love that shit.
At hotel, they have pictures they hang on.
This is like that, but bigger
and the pictures are way better.
Way better.
And sometimes they're done by people whose names you know,
which is nice.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whoa.
Now we all three have kids
and I don't know about you guys,
but my kid B.B. tries to scare me
by jumping out and saying boo a lot.
Yeah.
So I've really tried to perfect this,
like, oh God, oh.
Oh man.
Yeah.
Whoa.
And then it's kind of a laugh, right?
It's that like, oh my God.
Oh, now a breath.
Oh, I can see how funny.
I'm so happy to be alive.
And if you want to say like,
I'm so happy to still be alive now
because for a second there,
I thought that the mummy was going to kill me.
Oh man, I can't wait to eat coconut shrimp
and feel alive, right?
Something like that.
Makes it worth it.
Yeah, that's good stuff.
That's good stuff.
Man, the next coconut shrimp I eat
will be the most tasty coconut shrimp
I've ever had in my life.
Henry's got this big plastic skeleton hand
on the end of a long stick
that he likes to use to like scare me,
like wave it around a wall or something
to make me think that bony butt stabber's coming for me.
And after this recording, it will work every time.
But yesterday he did hit me in the face with it accidentally.
And guess what?
Guess what?
I am very scared of that skeleton hand now
when it's in my boy's hands.
I don't trust him as far as I can throw him.
And I can throw him awfully far.
That's a really good, can I just say, for his age,
it's a pretty good gag.
Pretty good gag, hitting your dad in the face
with a big bony butt stabber.
Another hit in the face part, but that's good too.
I mean, listen, he's little,
so I doubt he hurt you that much,
but you do have that glass face.
Yeah.
Do we have time for this next one?
It excites me.
Yeah.
I set a fire in my dorm room
trying to microwave a Red Lobster cheesy biscuit.
It's wild that we talked about Red Lobster twice.
That is wild.
Okay.
And then I had Red Lobster last night.
How was it?
Was it shrimp?
Shrimp?
Shrimp was?
Their Brussels sprouts are pretty banging.
Okay.
I like a Brussels sprout.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, you know I love the biscuits.
They call me Cheddar Bay Jay.
Yeah, they do.
Of course.
But the Brussels sprouts are surprisingly on point.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, well, thank you for listening.
Red Lobster never disappoints, except when it does.
Yep.
And when they fall, they fall hard, baby.
Fire and ice, Red Lobster.
My RA said I have to wait here
until the fire department comes.
I haven't had dinner and I'm very hungry.
The only food I have in my room,
my dorm, are microwave meals
and a few remaining Red Lobster Cheesy Biscuits.
Do I risk putting food back in the devices
I've already destroyed with my biscuits so far
or do I accept my fate of spitting the evening hungry?
That's from Starving Student.
I bet you any amount of money,
the biscuits come in like a metal lined bag for the oven.
I bet you any amount of money they microwaved it.
Any amount.
That's possible.
I just love this like, all right,
so tell me again what happened.
Yeah, I microwaved the biscuit and it caught fire.
No, I know.
But then the second fire, oh, right, right, right.
What did the second, third, and fourth fires come out of?
Yes, I used my extremely powerful microwave.
And my dad is an industrial scientist
and he gave me one of their industrial microwaves
for doing industrial stuff.
The kind that you use to dry out big piles of wet wood.
Yeah, I just put one of these Cheddar Bay Biscuits in there
for the normal amount, 45 minutes, and.
Oh, boy.
I would do, I would, here's the thing, guys.
You literally do have to risk it for the biscuit.
Yep.
A ship is safe in the harbor,
but when you take it out to sea, it kicks ass.
Yep, that's what they say, that old sailor saying.
I think it would also be perfect if you could time it
so that the microwave dings two seconds
after the fire department opens your door.
And they're just like looking at them like,
can I get that, because that ramen's
not gonna eat itself, you guys.
Oh, yeah, sorry, it was on fire, not the ramen.
You know what, I'm gonna eat this ramen,
get out of your way, I'll be in the common room
watching Bones, because it's always on.
What's that, I'm arrested?
That makes sense.
Oh, no, wait, you're the fire department.
You can't, you don't have that jurisdiction.
I bet they do, they have to, for arson and stuff.
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, your RA's a dick.
If I accidentally set a fire in my house
and then somebody came up to me and was like,
now sit in your shame.
It's already an, I know I fucked up.
I set a fire in the place I sleep in.
I know I fucked up.
I don't need the fire department to come say,
did you know you did a fire where you sleep?
Thanks, fire guys, I know.
All fires are illegal.
And so if you started a fire without their blessing,
they will come down on you pretty hard.
Hey, RA, listen, any RA listening,
this is your chance to score major points.
Because listen, this person is both embarrassed and hungry.
You're gonna say, hey, here's five bucks,
go get some food, I'll take this one, Doug.
And right there, you're a hero.
You're a hero to Doug, who, listen,
question asker is a student, right?
They're in that, oh, that's so weird transition
between childhood and adulthood.
And it's that worst time to tell a fire person
that you set fire to a cheddar bay biscuit in a microwave.
A five-year-old does this, it's fine.
They're fine. It's funny, it's funny.
A 45-year-old man sets fire to a cheesy biscuit,
he answers to no one.
But like a 19-year-old does this, no excuse.
And you have to answer to someone, the worst.
The worst.
I'm sorry, it's hard being young,
but there's good parts too.
Like when you don't overcook the cheddar bay biscuit.
Just cook them right, this is a learning experience.
I bet you'll never do that again.
Probably. Yeah.
But maybe you might.
You might immediately afterwards,
according to this question.
Yeah.
They've learned nothing.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
I hope you've learned something
throughout the course of this experience,
or else we haven't done our job.
Hey, you wanna come, you wanna watch us do a live show?
Come to your computer, not to a physical location.
Do you wanna go to a computer or a TV or whatever,
and watch us do a Taz show?
We're gonna be doing Hootenanny part three.
What do we agree on for a title?
I mean, Hootenanny three is the only thing that makes sense,
but I do think we landed on Threetnanny.
Yeah. Threetnanny, okay.
Threetnanny was just really good and right there,
and so we had to kind of keep going with it.
I wanted to call it Threetnanny two,
but like, I thought that would be confusing.
There's a space, it's a space cowboy opera.
It's November 5th, 9 p.m., tickets are 10 bucks.
It's a bit.ly forward slash Taz virtual,
and the VOD video on demand.
It's available for two weeks after the show.
If you haven't seen Hootenanny,
there's a recap on our YouTube channel
to catch you up with the story so far, such as it is,
and I will be indulging in that.
Yes, absolutely.
You will know exactly the things that I know
about the Hootenanny story.
Also, very exciting tickets for the shows
at Emerald City Comic Con go on sale October 28th.
It's gonna be My Brother, My Brother and Me
on December 2nd, and Taz on December 3rd.
Both shows will be general attendance,
so no assigned seating,
but there will be ADA-compliant seating available.
You do not need an Emerald City Comic Con badge
to buy tickets to the shows,
but you will need tickets to the shows, obviously,
and Emerald City Comic Con has safety protocols in place,
including require proof of full vaccination
or a recent negative COVID test to attend,
and in addition, masks are required while on the premises
and capacity is going to be reduced.
If you wanna check out more info on the show,
including the full health and safety protocols,
as well as ticket links and all that stuff,
it's available at bit.ly slash McElroyTour.
Thanks to Montaigne for the use of our theme song,
My Life is Better with You.
You can find that on the internets
and on Books A Million, probably has it.
I don't know about that.
It's just those two places.
Make sure you check out macromerch.com,
get that pin of the month,
which is Hellraven, AKA Del Craven, from Taz Just Us.
That benefits the National Latina Institute
for Reproductive Rights,
which builds Latina and Latinx power
to fight for the fundamental human right
to reproductive health, dignity, and justice.
There's a lot of other stuff on there.
In case you missed the news,
we've been doing Taz Weekly for a while now.
So this is a good chance to jump in on Ether C.
And this is the second week of the Max Fun Block Party.
Maximum Fun is throwing a virtual block party
through October 22nd.
All shows are releasing episodes
that are especially welcoming to new audiences.
And if you're encouraging a friend to try out our show
or any of the shows on Maximum Fun,
this is a good time to share those with them.
And there's a lot of other stuff too,
including games, volunteer events,
a limited edition poster.
Go check it out at MaximumFun.org slash Block Party.
Y'all want a final Yahoo?
Yes. Sure.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Derek.
Okay.
Jeter.
Oh.
And thank you, Derek.
Thank you, Derek Jeter.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user.
Sorry?
I think you cut out.
Yeah.
My microphone has a short in it.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user.
Pikachu.
Whoa.
Yeah.
The little rat.
The electricity rat.
Lightning rat, yeah.
Yeah.
And fucking Pikachu fucking asks.
Hello?
Hello?
I am just wondering.
Hey guys, quick question.
Go ahead.
Hey guys, quick question.
It's me and Pikachu.
I got yelled at when I vaped on an airplane.
And I'm just wondering how to move on.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
That was an okay one.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I can do better than that.
This has been my brother, my brother, me,
because your dad's screw on the lips.
This has been my brother, my brother, me, because your dad's screw on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
