The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Okay, this is the introduction to the program. We've been doing our introduction,
the set, like the very beginning, the same way for 500 and however fucking many episodes.
Wait, are we in it now?
Yeah, this is the show.
Oh, okay.
I want to start, we're going to start the show, but we're going to do it different,
and we have to organically find that.
All right.
It can't be a bit, it can't be a bit.
It's got to be like practiced, sounding good, but it's just got to organically happen
without me sort of taking control and steering as I have as the Capitan.
Can I try something? Can I just pitch something right off the bat?
If you're going to make a strategy or a plan for how to cope with this, you can't.
It's just got to be like, we talk in our book, everybody has a podcast except you in theaters,
January 2021.
If you sneak it into the theater, technically it's-
You got to have a plan.
It's the only book that also works as a mask, so you can just wear it when you go to the theater.
People think it sounds organic when you start doing a show, it sounds natural and organic,
and I just want to see what organically happens without a strategy for how to begin the program.
Well, who's that talking?
That's my older brother, Justin McElroy.
Hey, Trav, thanks for, see, I-
No, you fucked it up.
I fucked it up.
Justin, it's time for the weekly joke.
It's time for Justin's joke of the week.
Now we would definitely introduce ourselves in this new introduction.
Well, this is before Travis and I introduce ourselves.
Yeah.
I historically have done Justin's, it used to be called Justin's naughty joke of the week,
and it was actually a joke of the natural nature.
It was ribald.
It was like a sexual joke, like dirty as fuck, like some real dock worker shit.
There's no reality in which this podcast, this new podcast intro that we're forging
would start with before our names, a naughty joke of the week.
Well, not anymore, now it's just a regular joke.
Me and, I swear to Christ, Justin, me and Travis are going to say our names,
but first we do like, hey, oh, and this is our oldest brother, Justin,
and Justin, you swing in there and you're like, ha ha.
Here's a joke, here's one I heard, have you heard this?
Here's one I heard this week.
Dirty, dirtier.
This isn't a joke.
Dirtier.
No, no, it's not Justin's dirty joke.
It's not that anymore, just regular joke.
Hey, this isn't a joke.
Sorry, Justin, clarify, it could still be dirty.
It just doesn't have to be dirty, Justin.
I want to give you room to work.
I just wanted to start with a fun fact.
Did you hear about that, the sarcophagus over in Egypt that they found
that had been open for 2,000 years, did you hear about this?
No.
Yeah, there's this sarcophagus that they opened and had been closed for 2,500 years,
and here's the wild part.
The body inside was covered in chocolate and nuts.
They think it might've been Ferrero Rocher.
Huh.
Huh, so that's, I did like them better when you were like, what's the difference between them?
Could you say like, and he had a boner, sorry, because he mentioned nuts and that was really
close, but if he said he was covered in chocolate and nuts and he had like a boner.
Sorry, let me set you up for that juice and we'll cut all the stuff between this out.
Did you say nuts?
There it is.
What, and what was that sound, Justin?
Was it the mummy's boner?
Was it the mummy's boner?
Was it your boner?
What was that?
Oh, oh, okay, wait, hold on.
Let's do it again.
Let's do the, let's just keep it smooth.
Did you just say nuts?
Why was the teenage mummy so nervous in class?
He couldn't keep his boner under wraps.
Okay.
All right, so you're kind of, stop, stop.
That can't be your thing too, Travis.
I know, but-
Your thing can't also be dirty mummy jokes.
But it's all I know, Justin, or Griffin, maybe you're Justin now.
This nobody knows because we haven't introduced ourselves.
Well, you've introduced, we know one thing.
I'm not Justin.
I don't, they don't know who the fuck I am, but they know I'm not Justin because I haven't
been telling dirty mummy jokes.
Are you the teenage mummy?
Why didn't you guys decide putting me on blast would be the bit for the introduction?
My introduction that I wanted to do was coming up with a new introduction for the show.
Justin, you put yourself on blast.
I teed you up, I said, this is my older brother, Justin.
And then you choked.
And as punishment, we tried to make you shine.
Okay, I've paid my penance.
Starting fresh.
Okay.
The person has just pressed play on their podcatcher and action.
Why was the teenage mummy nervous in class?
Now, wait a minute.
Why the fuck would it pulled open?
Are you poaching the mummy boner sort of?
Well, if we're restarting now, we've edited it out when Justin was like the dirty mummy.
We've edited out all of it.
This is just the introduction for the podcast.
Justin isn't the dirty mummy boy anymore.
So I saw an opportunity to take it now that things-
But you haven't said your name.
It was cold open.
It's a cold open.
They don't open.
Justin, they don't fucking open up starting it live like, hey, everybody, it's me,
Skellen Jokesman, and today I'm going to be doing Reince Priebus.
Reince Priebus back in the news.
You hear about this?
You hear about this?
That's gonna- I call dibs on that.
My thing is talking about what Reince is up to.
Yeah.
I hear he drives a Prius.
Okay, let's cut all this.
Let's cut all this.
This obviously isn't it.
Just press play and action.
Why was the teenage Reince Priebus nervous in class?
Okay, stop.
You can't-
He couldn't get his boner under wraps.
Okay, okay.
You know what?
I'm going to grant you that.
Oh, Reince Priebus was a mummy too.
Okay, Trav, do your joke again.
I'm going to lean into it a little bit better, and I'm sorry for shutting you down.
The person presses play on their podcatcher, and this is what they hear.
Why was the teenage Reince Priebus, who was also a mummy, nervous in class?
Because he couldn't keep his boner under wraps?
Fuck!
Welcome, everybody, to my brother, my brother, and me.
Wait, okay, you're right.
Okay, Trav, that didn't work.
Griffin, I'd love for you to try one.
Yeah, sure.
And the person presses play and action.
Did you guys hear about Reince Priebus?
No, I didn't.
I don't think we got it.
I think I did it too fast.
Did you guys hear this latest...
Oh, wait, I kind of like that.
Start the music, and Justin cut the music, and Griffin will come in strong, like a hee-haw moment.
So the very first thing they'll hear is this intro music that comes loaded on the Rodecaster Pro.
No matter fucking what, we aren't doing another take.
This is the intro right here, no matter what.
Swear it.
Justin, swear it on your life.
I'll swear it, but let me just get the flow.
Block me through it, because I think we're so close to something new.
You do the fucking music.
I hop in there with a sick-ass joke.
There's got to be a hard stop.
No fade out.
It's like, music, and then...
But no matter what, this is it.
Yeah, all right.
Okay, so I start the music.
Yeah, and then I'll do my joke.
Fade it down.
You bring in a joke.
I fade it back up.
No, no fade out.
Hard stop.
Fade it louder and louder and louder until it comes to a dead stop.
What?
And three, two, one, play.
Did you guys hear this one?
Fuck, fuck.
You guys hear?
Hold on!
Don't stop it.
Don't stop it.
Don't stop it.
Stop smoking these drugs.
Come on.
Did you guys hear this one about Rice Cream?
He's a mummy now.
He's not smart.
Rice Cream is steady.
He's a mummy now.
He keeps his boner under wrap.
Say your name, I'm Griffin McElroy.
Are you on mic, Griffin?
This is Griffin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I think in post, that's going to sound really good.
Yeah.
We'll just got to tighten it up and sweeten it a little bit.
Yeah, so there's a little dead air, but I think if we could get out some of the tinniness...
I did not notice the dead air, Travis.
I'm so glad your ear is in the show because I did not notice it.
I noticed it only because Griffin had to specifically call my name to tell me to talk.
That was the only reason I caught that there was some dead space.
Almost always a bad sign for the flow of the show.
All right, let's do some fucking questions.
Fuck yes.
Yeah, I bet people thought that was going to be the whole episode.
I bet it could feel that way sometimes.
Yeah, sometimes.
But it never is.
I think that...
Can I say something?
I think that part of the reason people struggle with the introductions to this program sometimes,
and why it has put off, I would estimate at this point, innumerable listeners,
new listeners to the program.
And old listeners.
Yeah, I like to think that some of them got off the ship at some point.
But I think a lot of people try.
They're like, I've heard about this show, I'm going to try it.
I think part of the problem with the introductions is that a few times
we have started an introduction that has become an entire episode.
And I think that now when you're listening to the introduction,
there's this back of your throat fear that this could be the whole episode.
And it's honestly, Juice, it's kind of fucked up that you are
continuing to suspend those sensitive listeners to that fear.
You're right.
I am sorry, I'm sorry.
This is show.
Show has begun.
Recently, a couple of friends invited me to do an escape room with them.
It was kind of fun.
So when they asked me again the next week, I agreed to do another one.
Now they're calling the three of us an escape room team
and want to do them his office twice a week, traveling across the country, different ones.
I got a name for your team, the Super Spreaders.
As much as I've mildly enjoyed doing these puzzles and unlocking things,
I'm clearly not into this as the others and need a polite way of telling them
I don't want to be in the team.
No, a lot of rooms require a minimum three people.
So me not being there means they can't do a lot of rooms.
Bothers.
That's right, supposed to be brothers.
Oh, bother.
How do I escape from this escape room team?
Sick of solving puzzles in Scotland.
You know, Juice said that about the Super Spreaders,
but I will say Scotland is, I believe, in a somewhat better place than we are.
Everywhere is.
Yeah, why would an escape room have a minimum of people that could participate?
They charge per head, eh?
So-
Well, but I mean, at that point, just charge a minimum.
Say like, if one, hey, if you want to come, Travis, and do an escape room by yourself-
Who's that asshole?
I guess it's, I guess, I mean, you did say your own name.
It would be me.
I did want to say, before I knew that you volunteered for this,
who's that asshole that's like, no one else come in.
I'm going to do this one by myself.
Well, if they're going to do a bad job, listen, this is the thing.
I have done many, many escape rooms.
And I would say, specifically, Adol, Raffi, and I have done a lot of escape rooms together.
If we are at a convention at the same time, we will do escape rooms.
Now, have we done escape rooms where there have been,
let's say, some dead weight on the team?
Yeah, totally, totally, totally.
But the two of us can carry it.
You know what I mean?
I don't know where I'm going with this.
I just wanted to brag about how good Adol, Raffi, and I are at escape rooms.
Good, people love that.
I think that you're very lucky to be, if I could be,
if I had the kind of life where I could even entertain the fucking idea
of being part of a, quote, escape room team, end quote, I would celebrate.
I would celebrate, I would say a thank you prayer every morning
and every night before bedtime for the cool life that I had
where I could go and solve the puzzles of Puzzle Masters
across this great country of ours, or world, this fucking globe of ours.
I know this isn't helpful, but change your whole fucking outlook
because you should like this more.
I mean, it's something, isn't it?
Yeah.
If you go into an escape room, you know what the nicest thing about escape rooms are?
If you go into an escape room, by definition, you haven't been there before.
You know what I mean?
Like at least it's new room.
I never want to leave.
This is new room.
I'm so excited to be here.
Let me reframe your thinking, question asker,
of why escape rooms are the greatest fucking things in the world.
All around us in what I'm going to call real world, non-escape rooms,
there are problems that are completely unquantifiable.
In escape room?
What's this?
Red book goes on the green bookshelf and something open?
That is a quantifiable, solvable problem
that when you've solved it, you can feel a little bit better about life.
Feel anything.
Feel anything in the escape room.
Ooh, that's a good tagline for Griffin's escape rooms.
Come in, feel something.
Feel it.
Switch that light switch on and off three times
and I'll come on over the loudspeaker.
I'll be like, you fucking did it.
Feel it.
Embrace this novelty.
Did you hear that box click open?
That's joy in your heart, my friend.
It would be me in the escape room with a group of super solvers.
Like my fam, we did an escape room.
I can't remember.
We were on tour last year.
We did an escape room back when tour was a thing we could do.
An escape room and leave house was things we could do.
We solved it real fast.
We got out of there like 38 minutes with a lot of time left.
What time was this?
This was when we were on tour in Milwaukee at the City 13.
City 13.
Yes.
And it was that kind of like post-punk like diner.
Like cyberpunk bar diner shit.
Yeah, it was dope.
We got out of there real fast.
But these days, I probably would have like had hand on the doorknob at 38 minutes.
Like, do you guys just wanna fucking kick everything?
We'll do 21 minutes and 50 seconds left in here
and then leave when we absolutely have to.
But maybe we could just like explore the space.
Sniffing air.
It's new.
Maybe we can leave more problems than we solve.
That's cool.
Create some new ones.
Do you think it's a hard, you know how bad a real dangerous situation is
when there's a fire at an escape room place?
Not because the doors are locked or anything,
because as we all know, the doors are not locked.
It's the biggest lie they ever told.
Wait, what?
But yeah.
Yeah, you just open it.
If the fire alarm starts going off and you're doing an escape room,
you're gonna be like, huh, okay.
How did I?
Hey, Valerie, do that again.
Step on that again, because maybe it'll turn it off.
I don't know what it means.
Count the flashes.
That is the thing, I wonder how there's gotta be a study somewhere
on how doing fire drills has ruined anybody's reaction to actual like fire alarms.
Because now as an adult, if I'm in a place and I hear a fire alarm,
the first words out of my mouth are, it's probably not real.
Oh, what an asshole.
What asshole did this?
I think if I ran an escape room and I was staffing up,
I would hire somebody and the first day would be business as usual.
I'd be like, you lock up tonight.
And then when they tried to leave that night,
they would find that the front door was locked from the outside.
Okay.
The test, the true test begins now.
I am almost certain.
I am describing the plot of the escape room horror movie.
I think that's true.
If I was hiring for an escape room,
I would hire a plant that anytime a group started,
they go in there with 10, suddenly there's 11 people,
but there's a lot going on.
So maybe they don't notice the extra person.
And the extra person's job is to just go like,
I don't think we're gonna solve this one, guys.
And just like really talk up how hard the puzzles are.
And like, oh, wait, hold on.
Nope, nope, this isn't doing it.
Fuck, I thought we had it.
No, I don't think we're solving this one, guys.
At some point they could pretend to die.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And they would use their core field to turn sunlight
into energy.
It's not a real plant, Justin.
Goes to visit his mommy.
Oh, can I say one other thing?
Can I help the person?
Can we do one thing?
Has concerns he forgets them.
It's really, actually, can I say, you can't.
It would be fucking wild to interrupt Travis now.
And remembers being small.
It feels wrong to do, but I did want to say something.
Justin, the team will know if you don't want to do it
because your puzzle performance will suffer.
Playing under the table and fishing.
Welcome to Under the Table and Fishing.
Was he eating a sandwich?
Was Dave eating a full turkey wrap?
Oh, I was eating a sandwich.
It was an egg salad.
This is just a really good opportunity for you to bust out
like a, I don't eat too much.
I eat too much, drink too much, want too much, too much.
How did Dave Matthews' picnic get ruined?
How?
Oh, and smart shit.
And they had boners?
All over it.
Their dicks were out.
They're all over it, dicks.
So.
Yeah, dude.
In Under the Table and Fishing, I'm gonna read you some lyrics.
They might be Dave Matthews, they might be fish.
And this week, special twist, there's one by Third Eye Blind.
Okay.
I know, I'm gonna fucking, I'm gonna bloodhound that one out.
So let's start.
Don't let it get away.
And if we did, we're gonna get it back.
And in time, you and me, we will, we will, we will,
we will be over and again and again.
That's Dave.
That feels fish?
That feels fish.
Fish.
That is Dave Matthews.
Again and again.
All right.
I've been prepping for this segment by listening to every Dave Matthews song
and every Fish song.
And does anybody have that?
Oh, that's why I was sad.
Anvil.
Travis, can I do my joke, please?
Oh, sure, sure, sure, sure.
I've been prepping for this segment by listening to every Dave Matthews band song
and every Fish song.
And I have, now I have the munchies.
Fuck, wow, man.
Oh, yeah.
Fucking yeah.
Dude, yeah.
I guess I just don't follow Justin.
Pass the incense.
Okay.
Okay.
Here's another one.
Bang, bang, you're dead now, could be real.
I got a bag of smoke.
Come on, let's make a deal.
Yeah, fish, fish, fish.
Yeah, bridges burn, but tomorrow is another day to feed the world
and go outside and play.
No, Dave.
I'm flipping on it.
I'm gonna stick with Fish.
That is Dave.
I thought, let's say he twisted it on me.
He thought I want to write the first stanza as though I were Fish
and the second stanza as though I were Dave.
Mm-hmm, we built a kingdom out of lies
and then we blindly fanned the fires.
We warmed our hands with glowing coals,
but now they rain down from the skies.
Third eye.
Third eye, they're in line.
Yeah, third eye blind.
That is Fish.
Damn.
The song is leaves.
I am 0 for 3 right now.
I used to be good at this game.
Because of you, girl, beautiful, beautiful girl,
take it easy on yourself and make it easy on me.
Because I just want to make you,
I just want to make you,
come on, come on, come on, come.
That's, that's-
It's not Fish.
It's not Fish.
I'm going to suppose that it is one of Dave Matthews'
many songs about fingering.
It's so Dave.
That is one of Dave's hornier tracks.
It's called come on, come on.
Okay.
So that's 4 for Justin, 1 for Griffin.
In case you're wondering, yes,
Crash is one of the fingering champs.
Yes, of course.
Because he's written Minion.
What a horror song.
Press me down, then I pressurize, then I rise up.
Like diamonds, rise up all you diamonds.
So rise up, rise up all you diamonds.
Pressurize all you diamonds.
Third eye, it doesn't feel like Fish or Dave Matthews' band,
so I am going to hit third eye blind on this one.
I want third eye blind.
It is third eye blind, correct.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There is the tower like a solitary flower
standing in the snow
as the wolves all wait below
and you're walking on the ledge, throwing bread crusts off the edge.
That feels Fishy to me.
I was thrown at first because the use of tower and then flower
made me feel like this is probably a phallic,
sexual Dave Matthews song about sex.
But I am going to switch to Fish.
It is Fish.
Okay, yeah.
And I do want to point out Dave Matthews' songs aren't phallic.
No.
He only writes about fingering.
Yeah.
Well, a finger could be a tower as well, I guess.
I guess, sure.
Okay, it's not what anybody's thinking of.
Let's be honest.
I love your hair in the mornings, you know.
You love to run wild and let the mane flow,
but you run away, but we meet again soon
south of the border and over the moon.
Dave Matthews, man.
Fish.
That's Fish.
Shade.
Wow.
It was, and I could tell because it was kind of horny,
but not, it doesn't, Dave's gonna finish.
You know what I mean?
Okay, this is my question.
Okay.
Are all song lyrics the same or do the two of them
just have a lot of crossover tonally?
I think that the reason I do this whole segment
is because they have a lot of crossover tonally, Justin.
All right, I'm gonna do this Yahoo now.
It's sent in by Merritt Palmer, the prospector.
Thank you, prospector.
It is from Yahoo Answers user, Christopher,
who asks, and this one might be kind of quick.
Should the laugh track on sitcoms be just one person
instead of a crowd of laughter?
Ooh.
Now, do you guys think they mean one person across all sitcoms
or one person per sitcom?
You mean the same person.
Yes.
Is it like Dave's track and Dave does the laugh for everyone
or is it like, well, Dave goes with friends
and Steven goes with Big Bang Theory?
I am interested in the idea of the laugher
being someone we, like, become familiar with as a nation.
Right, I like, yeah.
This is Terrence and, but they can't,
the problem is there's never an episode of Big Bang Theory
where the audience isn't super into it.
Do you know what I mean?
They're loving it.
That should be a thing.
It's like there's an episode of Big Bang Theory
where just Sheldon does his thing, like, you know,
he pisses his pants and then he's like, bazinga,
and the audience is just like, yeah.
Well, but think about that, right?
Like, usually Terrence is loving it, right?
But then there's an episode where the thing Sheldon did
you thought was pretty funny,
but Terrence didn't see him as a fear.
So what's that mean?
What's that mean?
It's like, is Terrence okay?
What's going on?
That is the problem, right?
Is you would start to have more insight
and probably concern about the real man Terrence
than you would about the bazinga guys,
the bazinga gals over at Big Bang Theory.
And I think eventually you end up like campaigning
to get the camera back at the back of the audience
so I could see Terrence in his chair
while I'm watching them do, you know, their science
and like jokes about the Green Lantern and stuff.
But we're talking about multi-camera sitcom shows.
That's going to be a tough nut to putt.
That's cool.
You have to aim them all through Terrence.
Can we just take a second to appreciate tough nut to putt
as the new powerful slogan for something?
I think maybe instead we just get
at the top of every episode of every sitcom,
we get about two minutes interview with Terrence
just to see how he's doing.
And most of the time,
I imagine this is sort of a poet laureate position,
sort of venerated where we can trust his sort of opinions
about comedy and jokes and laughing and stuff.
So when he sits up there and he's like,
hey guys, it's me, Terrence, all strapped in,
ready for another fucking great episode of Big,
they wouldn't say fucking,
but ready to laugh at another great episode of Big Bang Theory.
No, maybe with Terrence there's no censorship.
We want unbridled, unfiltered Terrence.
Okay, but then you know like,
okay, so if Terrence laughs during this one,
it's okay for me and all my pals
at this Big Bang party that I'm throwing,
which is a Big Bang Theory watch party,
and then we're all gonna have, we're all gonna fuck later.
It's okay for us to laugh.
But then if you see an interview with him
before an episode of Frasier 2,
and he's like, ah, hey guys, yeah, my cat's sick.
Anyway, let's get on with the show.
Then you know like,
it's okay that I'm laughing when Terrence doesn't.
Do you think that the risk would become
that TV shows would start to be developed
specifically with Terrence in mind?
Where it'd be like, what's Terrence like?
What's here?
We gotta get in front of Terrence, people.
Tell me the name of Terrence's third grade teacher.
Give me all the information you can on Terrence.
Do you guys think there is a static number of days
after the series finale of Big Bang Theory,
at which point we will stop referencing Big Bang Theory
as an ongoing concern?
Because currently, by my math,
it has been roughly
maybe 450 days by the calendar
since the final episode on May 16th, 2019.
Can I tell you the problem here, Jameon?
Problem is-
I think I know the problem, Trav.
Is that I can't think of another TV show?
Right.
Yeah.
Are there other ones that are going on right now?
Not on that scale.
I mean, listen, we can talk about Supernatural,
but that's not a multi-camera comedy.
Again, please don't talk about Supernatural.
I'm just saying it's been a year and a half since.
First off, do you guys feel like...
Okay.
Do you feel like the nation mourned Big Bang Theory enough?
Because everyone has been very excited
about Big Bang Theory's existence,
but did the nation mourn Big Bang Theory's passion?
Because I feel like I didn't see
the funeral for a friend proceedings
that one would expect from saying goodbye to characters here.
Well, I think we're in the stage where a loved one passes
and you spend a lot of time watching old home movies.
Except in this case, it's like 800 episodes of reruns.
So it takes a while to get through those home movies
before you're like,
oh, you know what, I don't really miss that loved one anymore.
That's it.
It's gonna come to us 2035
when someone's gonna accidentally say Bazinga
and it'll be like, oh, and then the cavity will feel it.
And just to answer your question with another perspective,
it has been, to my actual math,
nearly 6,000 days since Frasier went off the air.
Fair.
Fair, but I think when we talk about Frasier,
it is tinged with where the age is folded into the rhythm.
Right, okay.
And I feel like Big Bang Theory is our reach
for current ongoing.
Okay, fair, this is a fair point, Justin,
because I did go, when I first started this,
I said something about Friends and I thought,
but Friends is canceled.
I need to talk about an ongoing show.
I know Big Bang Theory.
But I really blame, I don't blame me or you,
I blame the nation for not mourning the gang.
I feel like the gang passed.
Can I tell you guys an interesting fact, please?
12 and a half million people watched Big Bang Theory
on May 9th, which was the week before the show ended, okay?
Okay. The finale episode,
18 and a half million people tuned in for that final ep.
So that means that here in this great nation of ours,
there are 6 million discrete humans, give or take,
who are like, listen, I don't watch Big Bang Theory,
but I'm gonna be there when they put it in the fucking ground.
Yeah. I wanna make sure you stay dead.
Stay dead, Sheldon. Stay dead, glasses.
Stay dead, other girl.
I just don't get, with numbers like that,
why they canceled it.
Why did they even cancel it?
Why did they cancel Big Bang Theory?
Well, because they wanted to rope in those 6 million people
who are like, I don't watch the show,
but I will be there when it dies.
I wanna be there when the plug is pulled on Green Lantern
and the flash shirt guy and everybody.
Why did they cancel shows like Big Bang Theory and Friends?
I don't get it.
Now, Travis, you're being silly.
You know I'm a bit more savvy about what happens
behind that beautiful lens that makes the Friends and the Frasier.
And so this is how they do it.
Okay.
Hey, everybody, come with us to CBS as we mourn
the passing of Big Bang Theory, a show you don't watch,
but you should.
People are going to ask you,
where were you when Big Bang Theory went off the air?
So please come and watch it.
And then 11 million people were like, yes, yes.
It sounds like a Friday night to me.
And they showed up and they watched it.
And then at the end, everybody else dies,
but Sheldon crawls inside of his reverse chrysalis
and becomes Young Sheldon.
And now that's 11 million built-in viewers of Young Sheldon.
Big Bang Theory never went off the air
because it's carried on in the memories of the past
of the character of Sheldon.
The chrysalis is reforming around Sheldon.
He will reemerge with a new Big Bang Theory once he has matured.
You know, I was going to point out that after Cheers,
they spun off a series called Frasier.
And that was also popular.
And I thought, why doesn't every popular sitcom do that?
And then I remembered that Joey was a concern for a while.
Love Joey.
And that kind of answered my question.
Love Joey.
Sandwiches.
Italian sandwiches.
He had a lot of premarital sex.
Premarital sex.
And he was always interested in people's well-being.
He was always like, hey, how are you?
How are you doing?
Uninvited sexual energy, but we loved it, I guess.
We really liked all the gay panic.
That was fun.
Gay panic, Joey.
Oh, don't touch me.
You're a guy.
You know, that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Oh, what are we?
Oh.
What are we?
Oh, what if we hugged?
That'd be so gay.
You know, that kind of, you get it.
How aren't you doing?
Because you're a guy, Joey.
You get it.
Ladies and gentlemen, as Joey's dad, Christopher Walken, apparently.
Griffin, what would it be like if Joey and Joey's dad hugged?
Just this one time, Joey, my boy.
As it turns out, if I try to do Joey from Friends, I can sort of
sidestep my way into Christopher Walken,
which is an exciting revelation for me.
Let's take a break.
If I'm going to afford the box set of Joey on DVD,
I need to earn some money.
It's half of one disc.
There's a label on the front of the case saying, this is sharp.
Please, if you are the type of person who just bought Joey on half a DVD,
you shouldn't touch it because it's real sharp.
Please affix this to half of a corn tortilla.
It's a function and spin.
The other half of the disc is just all the episodes of the cape
and you can kind of glue it together.
And then as you spin, the cape makes some special appearances on Joey.
It combines them stereoscopically.
So it looks like Joey's wearing a cape.
It's incredible.
You plugged this half of the Joey DVD disc
into Sonic and Knuckles expansion pack for Sega Genesis.
Hey, can I tell you all about me undies?
Yeah.
I'm hearing a lot of background activity.
It makes me wonder if somebody's...
It sounded like somebody was wrapping a present, if I'm being honest.
And I guess the question is, is it for me?
Yeah, if it's underwear.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Happy day.
Thank you.
I will always accept underwear if it's me undies
because if it's not, it's trash.
And that's my new motto that they can use whenever they want.
They are the most comfortable underwear.
You're saying if a stranger walked up to you and said,
here, take this pair of me undies, no questions asked,
you would do it?
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're pretty comfortable.
Travis, I think it's kind of fucked up
that in the middle of our commercial for me undies,
you would suggest otherwise.
But anyway, I have so many me undies right now.
And what I really like about them
is because it is the spookiest season of the year,
I love to look scary down there.
And so I have some that have fun.
They're fun at the end of the day,
but they are still pretty spooky Halloween prints.
Yeah.
If you're into cats or blood or skeletons,
in a spooky context, or hell,
you can wear skeleton underwear whenever.
No one's gonna call the cops on you.
These are just, they're so fucking soft.
And you never have to run out of me undies
if you get the me undies membership.
It's a subscription that sends new pairs of me undies
right to your door.
Plus you can get site-wide savings and exclusive sales.
So if you want to get 15% off your first order
and free shipping, go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
Can I tell you about Stitch Fix?
Yep.
I got the greatest shirt,
the greatest shirt, my new favorite shirt from Stitch Fix.
And we talk about with Stitch Fix,
if you've heard us talk about it before,
that they get to know your style and your budget
and the colors you like, all of those things.
And this felt like getting a gift from my best friend,
where it was this really beautiful dress shirt
that had kind of a little bit of almost like a firework,
like popcorn design in.
But as part of the fireworks and popcorn
was like little tiny skulls in there,
it was so fucking cool.
That is cool.
Yes, I love it.
And I saw it and I ran into the room where Teresa was
to say like, look at this.
Because Stitch Fix is a personal styling company
that makes getting the clothes you love effortless
and they really do get to know you.
You can go through and say like, I like this shirt.
This is the kind of thing I want to dress for.
This is what I like to do, that kind of thing.
And it feels really personalized to you.
And you pay a $20 styling fee for each fix
and it's credited towards anything you keep.
So you don't have to keep everything in the box.
If it comes, you try it on, you're like,
this didn't fit, you send it back.
And you can schedule at any time.
There's no subscription required.
Plus shipping returns and exchanges are easy and free.
So get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother
and you'll get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
That is stitchfix.com slash my brother
for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Are you feeling elevated levels of anxiety?
Do you quake uncontrollably,
even thinking about watching cable news?
Do you have disturbing nightmares
only to realize it's two in the afternoon and you're up?
If you've experienced one or more of these symptoms,
you may have FNO, news overload.
Fortunately, there's treatment.
Hi, I'm Dave Holmes, host of Troubled Waters.
Troubled Waters helps fight FNO.
That's because Troubled Waters stimulates your joy zone.
On Troubled Waters,
two comedians will battle one another
for pop culture supremacy.
So join me, Dave Holmes, for two to two doses
of Troubled Waters a month.
The cure for your news overload.
Available on maximumfun.org
or wherever you get your podcasts.
Troubled Waters.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh,
howl.
Oh, oh, God.
Duh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Howl.
Travis, run.
I'm already gone.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
I want to munch.
Huh.
Squad.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
I want to munch.
Squad.
Huh, I don't like this guy.
I love this guy, fuck it.
Welcome to munch, squad.
Wait, wait, I formally invite you into our podcast.
Beautiful spirit.
Oh, is he a vampire?
I thought he was like a Frankenstein's monster.
Not just any vampire.
The Donut Dracula.
The Donut Dracula?
Count Donut.
Did you just change your name?
It's a long name, so I'm getting it all out.
So is it Count Donut Dracula?
I think he said Donut Dracula, Count Donut.
Oh, so his real name is Donut Dracula, but his title is Count Donut.
My real name is Kevin, but knowing that would give you immense power over me.
Oh, okay, Kevin.
Kevin, just sit still for just a second.
Trap, just to explain what just happened.
Justin, in his mind, was trying to run the calculus on whether or not the word
donut sounded enough like count that he could say it in lieu of count.
So he said it out loud and heard it, and then he said,
nobody's gonna understand what that meant.
No, no, no, it's way different.
So he switched it over to Count Donut.
Donutula, though, I think maybe-
Donutula is also nothing.
I think he did the best with what he had to work with.
Like, I'm not-
I am the guest host for this most delicious episode of Munch, Squad,
podcast within a podcast profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating.
Hey, Count Donut, just real quick.
You're better at this than Justin is.
Thank you.
I'm glad I killed him.
What?
You also sound a little bit like Gru from the Minions movies.
Oh, I love those.
I have not seen him, hardly.
I missed the first few, and I didn't know where to jump on.
Yeah, you can get pretty lost if you just come in on to Sicilumi 3.
There's three now.
I think so.
Well, they also made a standalone Minions film.
I was so excited about the new Minions movie, but then it's got delayed to 2021.
Oh, yeah, it's this coronavirus.
Have you heard about this?
Are you having trouble with this?
Everyone's in their homes.
It's a challenging time.
And with a mask on, it's probably hard to sink your teethers into their neck.
You're wearing a mask, right, Count?
Of course I am.
I am immune to all earthly pathogens, but I want to set a good example.
That's good.
Have you voted?
Have you voted?
Yes, I voted long ago for the devil.
No, it's a presidential election, and there's a lot of
politics in it.
Are you a citizen of nowhere?
Oh, so you're just living here rent-free, not paying taxes?
What the fuck?
I am talking to you from my home in Donutvania.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, Trav, we need to let him speak because I am curious of what he's doing here.
Oh, right, I forgot that this was a segment.
Yeah.
Yes, well, excellent.
Thank you.
I want to tell you about some new Halloween offerings, if it is a spooky time of year,
of course.
Some Halloween offerings from local donut chains there in your United States of America.
Okay.
All right, let him rip.
May I adopt the typical cadence of a classic American as I read these?
Or else this episode's going to be 87 minutes long.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I do not consent to that.
We can't have fucking eight minutes of Dracula preamble, and then when it comes time for
the fucking pearl inside the oyster, it switches back to Justin.
Absolutely not, you made this bad.
Here's what we'll do.
Hypnotize-
It won't be Justin, he's dead.
Yeah, hypnotize Griffin so he still hears Dracula, and then you can speak in an American
cadence.
No, no, he has spoken.
He has used his will.
I'm going to go get some water.
Perhaps for the last time.
Are you going to kill Griffin?
Nuggets are on notice.
Sandwiches be warned and move over.
Tacos.
A donut is now heating up the battle for spicy superiority, proving that the number one brand
in donuts can rock a spicy side.
Can rock a spicy side?
I will have silence, or I will have your head.
Duncan has made up one of the most surprising treats ever to rise from its kitchens.
The new spicy ghost pepper donut.
Fuck off.
A deliciously daring donut that delivers the heat with every bite.
This spicy ghost pepper donut is a classic yeast donut topped with a strawberry flavored
icing that you could easily mistake for...
Wink-a-wink-a.
Blub.
And a bold blend of cayenne and ghost pepper.
Ghost pepper.
And finished with red sanding sugar for a sizzling look.
The spicy ghost pepper donut will be on the menu for only a few hot minutes.
Available beginning today for a limited time at participating Duncan restaurants nationwide
until December.
I know this sort of solid baked treats are not really your jam count donut, but
you think you'd want to tear one of those bad boys down?
I do not believe so.
Because it sounds gross?
Because it sounds yucky?
No, but I have my guts.
My guts inside no longer have the...
I, yes, internal blood syndrome.
I only can consume and digest blood.
Okay, so you're not immune to all diseases then?
It's not a disease to eat something that disagrees with you.
Well, tell that to Griffin.
If you put mayonnaise into your car's fuel intake and it exploded,
you wouldn't go to the doctor and say my car is terribly sick.
Why would I go to the doctor for my car?
And I might.
Don't you assume that about me?
I might do that.
Well, okay.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
If I ate tinfoil and started to cough blood,
you wouldn't say get away from me.
I don't want to catch it.
I'm not sick.
I would say that there was something wrong with you.
Halloween looks a little different this year and so do our donuts.
While our classic bakery offering has plenty of crave-worthy treats,
we're excited to show our spicy side with a donut that packs a touch of heat
with something sweet and can be enjoyed any time of day.
The fucking cowardice in that quote where they had to say,
don't worry, we still have our normal, not disgusting donuts.
Not spicy items available still.
With our scary good lineup of the spicy ghost pepper donut,
Halloween DIY Dunkin' Donut decorating kits,
and the fan favorite spider donut,
Dunkin' is here to help our guests keep their Halloween spirit alive.
Yes, if you're wondering if the opening line,
Halloween looks a little different this year,
is a reference to COVID-19 in this press release
about new donut kinds.
Yes, that is correct.
It is wholly inescapable.
Now hop on my back as I whisk you away to Duck Donuts.
Whee!
Where the fuck are we going?
What's Duck Donuts?
There's 97 of them.
It's from the people who brought you Duck Dynasty.
All right.
I don't know if that is accurate, but I do know this is accurate.
They've got the Spooky Box.
Excuse me?
The popular Spooky Box is all about the treats with 12 wonderful,
colorfully unique flavor and topping combinations
that are as photogenic as they are scrumptious.
In a box.
In the Spooky Box.
In the Spooky Box, it's also the only chance this year
to try the three limited time flavors,
pumpkin icing, apple, and streusel topping.
Not the spookiest.
I mean, at least the Spooky Box is different.
The Spooky Box is different.
The Spooky Box features werewolf,
which is maple biking with raspberry drizzle.
How is that wolf?
Durden worms.
Chocolate icing with Oreo cookie pieces and gummy worms.
Blueberry.
TM, TM, TM.
TM, TM.
Blueberry icing with powdered sugar and spider web,
which is cinnamon sugar with a vanilla drizzle.
Ross DiGiulio, founder and CEO of Duck Donuts.
I thought that was another flavor.
And also we have, back by popular demand, Ross DiGiulio.
We have found and crowned up another Ross DiGiulio.
If you or someone you know is a Ross DiGiulio,
please do the right moral thing and submit your body to us
so that all may enjoy.
The sixth flavor.
Maybe just a few nails.
Your hair clippings, Ross, please, we crave you.
The most craveable Ross DiGiulio of the year is back.
No, here he says,
our Spooky Box is a joyful and giftable collection of delicious fun.
That's right.
Giftable.
If you give it away, you will not be arrested.
It's served warm and ready for sharing.
We all need something to look forward to right now.
So yes, that's right.
Our second reference to the COVID-19 crisis
in an announcement about Halloween donuts.
Thank you so much for reminding me about the ongoing pandemic.
So appreciated.
And thank God it's all fixed now because of your delicious Spooky Box.
The Spooky Box really balances the whole thing out, doesn't it?
Yeah.
We all need something to look forward to right now.
And the fun of Halloween can come soon enough.
Bon appetit, boos and ghouls.
Wow, fuck yeah.
Do you think Russ said that out loud with his human mouth?
Or do you think that's just something he said like,
and then at the end you can write like, bon appetit.
Russ, Russ, he did a terrible pun
and reinforced the imaginary gender binary.
What?
Now I really trusted you, I have decided.
Oh man, man, Count Donut, I doubted your skills
when you first showed up, didn't know what your name was.
But I gotta say you knocked it out of the park with these.
Thank you so much.
So what's next?
Well, can you reanimate Justin's dead ass?
He's dead.
Can you emulate Justin?
I'm sorry?
Emulate him, like you beat him?
Oh, sure, sure, of course.
A woodworking Disney world.
Good one, Count Donut.
No dice, no.
I love sleep no more.
Sorry, I can't.
Oh man, Justin has a family.
I mean us, but.
Try saying something about FMV games.
Yeah.
Oh, sure, sure, sure.
Sewer shark, it's fun game, good time.
Cereal, maybe cereals or anything to do with that?
Oh, I love to crunch with a relaxing bowl of it.
That was actually pretty good.
You sound like a mix between Gilbert Gottfried and Olaf.
Is that what you were going for?
I have not seen, I do not know if he's Olaf.
Oh, you haven't seen Frozen?
No, I've seen Frozen and I don't know Gilbert Gottfried.
Oh, of course.
You haven't seen Aladdin?
I have seen Aladdin live action.
Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Can you say something about A Big Beautiful Buick Enclave?
Justin loves them.
A Big Beautiful Buick Enclave.
Oh, God.
That sounded great.
Thank you.
All right.
See, it's better.
It is an improvement.
No, yeah, everything you're doing today is better.
How about, why don't you Count Donut take us into our housekeeping?
Of course, although I have help with that around the castle.
Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.
I could have Renfield do the housekeeping for you if you would like.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that'd be great.
Doesn't he sound more like Justin?
That's a pass.
That's a hard pass.
My brother, my brother and me is an advice.
Oh, and we so appreciate you listening to the master and these two other cattle.
Wow, hey, Renfield, fuck you.
Yeah, well, I'll get the cows back, of course.
I'm so sorry.
That dude sucks.
I agree.
I told him not to refer to you as cattle to your face.
I want you to kill him.
No, hold on, hold on.
He's dead.
I've put him on top of Justin's body in a way that would make Joey very uncomfortable.
I get it, that's very funny.
Thank you.
Hey, Count, there's a podcast my wife and I are doing called Bake On where we talk about
the new season of Great British Bake Off.
We got three episodes out now.
It's on your Podcatcher as well as on our YouTube channel.
Do you think you'd want to check that out?
I would love to.
I'm more of a fan of video games, though.
And I love to listen to Justin's podcast, The Best Things on Spotify.
You should have thought about that before you did kill him.
It's better now.
Now I get to enjoy at least 25% more Russ Frushtick.
At least.
It's Griffin, it's Russ, and it's Chris Plant talking about video games.
It used to be Justin in there too, but of course now he is drained.
Dead.
Yeah, of course.
It's on Spotify.
It's very good, I love it.
Count Donut, do you mind if I talk about all of the merch?
Because the thought of you, there's a lot.
And the thought of you taking the sort of time you would need to talk about all of it
scares me a lot.
Can you, can I at least talk about the jump scare pin?
Yeah, that's appropriate.
There is a pin of Justin doing offensive fang face of me, Count Donutula.
I regret allowing you to do that.
The jump scare pin, and you can purchase it if you want to reinforce some truly harmful
stereotypes about my kind.
There's so much stuff at the McElroy merch site, which is McElroymerch.com.
There is, God I wish Justin was alive to talk about the horseshoe crab shirt.
Yes, his medical podcast with his wife, sorry, Vito Sidney,
right, celebrating horseshoe crabs and their incredible contribution to vaccines.
Yeah, did you know about this?
No, I didn't know about that.
You can test for impurities in vaccines if you are using the blood,
dried blood of a horseshoe crab.
That's exciting news, I'll make sure to do that.
It coagulates, so sorry, I'm getting hungry now, listen to me.
You feed on horseshoe crab blood?
Just blood in general.
There's also a tiger on the table pin of the month, which was designed by Sam Schultz,
and sales of that benefit the Marsha P. Johnson Institute and the Sylvia Rivera Law Project.
There is Candlenights ornaments designed by Lynn Doyle.
There is Candlenights wrapping paper designed by Justin Gray.
There's a thanks for vibing and keeping it tight shirt, which I still need to get one of,
because they're one of my favorite pieces of merch we've ever put up on the store.
And a portion of the proceeds for the shirt will go to the Young Center for Immigrant Children's
Rights. And yeah, that's all at McRoyMerch.com. There's a lot of stuff.
Okay, a couple quick things. We're doing a live stream of the game Among Us on Tuesday,
the 20th at 9pm Eastern Time. It's going to be on our McRoy Family channel.
It's me and the brothers and probably other family members, so make sure you check that out.
Like we said earlier, we wrote a podcast how-to book called Everybody Has a Podcast Except You.
It's available for pre-order now. It'll give you a step-by-step guide to make a show that
you're proud of. You can pre-order that at themacroypodcastbook.com. It comes out January 26th.
Also, Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom, which is the fourth graphic novel in the series,
is available for pre-order. Just go to theadventurezonecomic.com. That comes out July 13th,
2021. I think that's it. Thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for these theme songs that
departure off the album putting the days to bed. Thanks to Maximum Fun. And thank you to Count
Donut again for- Of course, it was my honor. I'm sorry about your brother. It was time.
Although it seemed like more of a business relationship at this point. That's fine.
We both have a spare still. Yeah, and you're doing better than he did really,
so it might be an improvement. Thank you.
Here's another Yahoo sent in by Merritt Palmer, the prospector. Thank you, Merritt.
What happened? Oh, man, he's not dead. There's this guy on top of me.
Oh, that's Count Donut. He's like Dracula, but for donuts.
And the guy on top of you is a dead Renfield. Well, I guess
Justin's alive, so you don't need to tweet at him about this segment.
All right. Or condolences to his wife that without context will seem extremely disturbing.
But if you do have anything, you can just tweet at Count Donut.
Yeah, that's going to be somebody that we have no quality control on. Big ups to Trav.
Anyway, Merritt sent this in. Thanks, Merritt. It's Yahoo Answers user Ramiro who asks.
And I'm going to read the question and the additional details because it's important.
John Travolta dancing in Pulp Fiction. How well did he do on a scale of one to five?
I give him a four. He seems like he gave it a good effort and had a fun time,
but maybe you feel otherwise.
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy. I'm fucking five. Oh, my God.
Oh, really? I want to say this.
Really? I want to say this. Kiss your dad's grown lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artists owned.
Audience supported.
