The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy,
and it's an advice show for the modern era. I don't know why Justin didn't say that this time.
Do you hear that, boys? Do you hear that, boys? When you hear hoofbeats, think derby! Not zebras.
Derby time!
It's derby time, everybody. Put on your cool hats. There's ribbons, and mine has two pinwheels.
I have created a little game out of the derby competitors. I have made
a list of names, sets of three. One name is real, two were made up. Griffin,
you're gonna go first. Tell me which of these names, now wait.
Two things.
We do have to give, like, do we, if we play this game with you, do we have to pay royalties?
We do have to give our dude money.
We do, yes.
Okay, the other thing is that I watched it, so like, I'm gonna fucking destroy you. So,
I like, watched it. I like, got a mia julep in my hand, and I drank it,
uh, drank it down smooth, and I got fucking blitzed, and I watched these griffonies go.
Combine the two worlds of the derby, Griffin, get a big wide-brimmed hat,
right? And then tape two mint juleps to the sides of each side of the hat, and then you take a straw
down.
Two what?
Sorry, mint julep. And then have, like, big straws that come down to your mouth from the hat.
That's the only way to derby, um, just scientifically speaking.
All right, give me these fucking horses.
I want to talk about the derby more, so let's play Travis's game first.
Okay, which of these names is real? Griffin.
Thundersnow.
That's fake.
Earth, wind, and lightning.
That's fake.
Pants on fire.
None of those are real.
I'm sorry, Thundersnow is correct.
No, it wasn't. No, come on. It wasn't in the race. I watched the race, and there was no
Thundersnow.
It was Thundersnow. Thundersnow placed, let me see here.
Here, do-do-do-do-do, Thundersnow didn't do great 20th out of 20th.
Okay, here's my thing on horse racing, and I've got a whole bit that you guys are just
gonna love on this.
First place, you win. Your owner gets, like, a million dollars, and you get to bust, like,
the deepest nut ever that night.
Congratulations.
Two, three, four, five, you get the wreath, and I guess your owner still gets a considerable
amount of money, but, like, you just get to bust a regular nut.
Five through ten, you're fine.
Anything after that, they should have, like, a collapsible pit that just opens up on the
track that all of the horses just fall down into, into, like, the pony pile, and then
the pit opens back up, and then we don't talk about those horses ever again.
Twentieth place, are you fucking kidding me? Twentieth place, 10th on the underground pile.
That's it. You're done.
I would own Thundersnow.
Listen, the owner of Thundersnow, if you're looking to get him off your hands, I'll take
it.
Travis, you don't have to own Thundersnow.
Thundersnow got thoroughly fucking owned yesterday in that race.
It got put in its place by fucking, what was the winner, Cream Dream, and I think Cream
Dream won it.
Was number one Cream Dream?
All right, Justin, which of these names is real?
Cream Dream, if Cream Dream is one of the three, it's real.
Justin, slow and steady, fast and accurate, sloppy boy.
All three describe me and sex.
I wish sloppy boy was real, but I think it's fast and accurate.
It is fast and accurate, that is correct.
That's a bullshit name for a horse.
Four legs and hooves.
It's like, what, long head and big body.
Griffin, pinch me, I'm dreaming, guaranteed winner, or state of honor.
State of honor is real.
State of honor is real.
I came in like third, I think.
I watched that one, I'm not kidding.
State of honor was fourth.
Oh, no, sorry, state of honor was, oh, no, state of honor was, no, no, no, no, no, no,
state of honor was 19th in the pile.
Travis, can we bring your game to an abrupt end?
But I have, okay, wait, let me give you this last one, Justin.
Okay, last one.
Williams, Steffaly, or Gervin.
Gervin.
Gervin is correct.
Welcome to my brother, my brother and me, I'm Gervin McElroy, I'm Steffaly.
Three of the, I pulled up the list after Travis's game was over.
And I, there are three different horses in this fucking race out of 20 or two or something.
There's three fucking horses that sound like someone trying to pronounce Gervin's name
and failing.
Gormley.
There is a, there's a Gervin, there's a Gunavera, and there's a Gormley.
Wait, is it Gormley McElroy?
No, it's not Gormley.
Gormley McCracken?
Gormley McCracken?
McCracken's another one, by the way.
I'm 30 under 30, Gormley, sweet cream dream McCracken.
McCracken.
It's Gormley McCracken, no, Gervin?
It's this great podcast, it's the McCracken brothers.
And the littlest one is such a card, Gorpels.
I celebrated the, I celebrated the derby, which was also free comic book day.
So I was downtown, stopped by Purple Earth, got some books, and I went to the press club
for lunch, which is like a, it's kind of like a bar restaurant kind of vibe.
So we're sitting there as-
Stacey Panini's, hence the press in the name, you get it.
Yeah, there was two things about this.
One, it's buck wild that there's two hours of coverage for an event no one cares about
any other day of the year for 15 seconds of event.
That's fine.
To fill that, one of the segments I saw was, you know, there's celebrities here,
and they're like, here are the celebrities, Harry Connick Jr., Travis Tritt, end of montage.
That was like, whoa, a rough year for the derb.
But as we're the only people in the restaurant, as we are like waiting for the race to begin,
I mean, we're not, we're eating pizza, but like the race was about to begin,
an elderly gentleman comes in and just stands at the bar, staring at the screen,
gets himself a beer, drains it.
And as the race begins, he just starts yelling, come on.
Like that will make the race-
Come on!
Like that'll make the race begin faster or-
Come on!
No, as the race has begun, he's yelling, come on.
But he's not mentioning any horses.
So it gives him the vibe of like, he's just trying to be encouraging.
Like he just wants all the horses to come on a bit faster.
He wants a good race, yeah.
He just wants a good race out there.
Important question.
At the end of the race, did he pull some sort of paper stub out of perhaps a breast pocket,
tear it up and jump up and down on it?
No, that's the-
Okay, this is the other thing.
When the race is over, no reaction.
Like he, I guess he's just in it for speed.
He just loves the speed or something, because he did not care who won or lost.
He just wanted her to come on.
Maybe he just, he really likes watching, or like he is committed to watching the derby,
but doesn't actually enjoy doing it.
And like, he just knows like, maybe there's a group of people at work who always talk about the derby.
And he's like, I'm going to watch it this year.
But as soon as he started, it was like, I already hate this.
Come on, please just finish it.
Finish it.
So yeah, derby.
Derby again, derby time.
Congratulations to Cream Dreams.
Congratulations to Cream Dreams, the winner.
That's not the name, that's not-
Just Googled about Thundersnow, injury on the track, muddy.
I said, this track will, this race will have at least one horse destruction by the end of the day.
You listen to me.
Thundersnow had a bad buck coming out the paddock, and I was sure, I was almost certain.
But no, he said, put that fucking gun away, Jeremy.
Not to me, I'm Thundersnow.
I'm too proud, and so I think he's okay.
Scary moment, though.
You see a horse take a bad break out the paddock, and you think, like, is this it for our hero Thundersnow?
One of the horses was named after an issue we've had while recording the show before, and it's called J-Boy's Echo.
Sometimes J-Boy does get a little bit of echo from the headphones.
J-Boy's Echo has been an issue that we've had to negate with some audio VST plug-in.
There's another horse here named after another issue that we have on the show, and it's called I-Rap.
And my name is Griffin, and I'm here to say that I love these horses in a major way.
I wish there could just be a 20-way tie.
I wish all these horses could finish at the same time, and they could all just bust all their nuts that night.
I will say, Griffin, when I first saw that the derby hit occurred, the headline I read was,
Always Dreaming Takes First on a Sloppy Track.
They said Always Dreaming in the headline because they can't, like, our fucking, our news, quote-unquote,
papers, that's, one doesn't get quotes because it is on paper.
They're too fucking chicken shit to say Cream Dream in a headline.
They're too chicken shit to put that on the-
Well, they changed the attribute one to Always Creaming, because now he just gets to bust nuts, lips, and rights.
It's good work if you can get it.
Ah, ha-chi-chi-chi.
Sex.
Uh, so anyway, derby, it's got horses, we gotta talk about it.
That's the law.
Let's, but, but that's not all we do here on the show.
We help people, and we give them advice to help them.
And I'd like to do that right now with our first question, and, uh, here we go.
At dinner with my in-laws the other night, I found out about a vacation package they had purchased off the internet,
and were inviting myself and my SO to join them on.
A simple Google search led me to find the package was likely a scam,
and that the company behind it had a long list of scam complaints in the past.
Oof.
My question, though, is what's the best way to tell a friend or loved one that they have been scammed
without making them feel stupid or angry or ruining their vacation?
I feel guilty for not telling them, but also don't want them to go on their vacation and let them get scammed anyway.
That's from scammed by scoundrels and scoundrels in Sydney.
Unless I missed a factor here, I don't think they're gonna go on said vacation.
Unless it's a weird scam I'm not aware of where the person both gets scammed but also gets to go to Hawaii.
It's nice. One of these where they send you a picture of a boat, and they're like 10,000 bucks,
and we'll take you on the cruise of your life, and you show up, and it's just a big picture of a boat.
And Captain Ron is there, but like...
Captain Ron's there, but he's there to just like take some pictures with you with this good boat picture,
and he says, yeah, I hope it was worth it.
And it kind of is.
It kind of is. He's great.
This is... I mean, you got to say something. You don't want them showing up and getting...
Well, but think about it this way. How do you say to them, like,
without sounding like you're saying, hey, stupids, I looked this up. Why didn't you look this up?
This is a scam. It took me five seconds to figure out, even if that's not your tone of voice,
which, God help me, it should not. But like, there's no way to say like, hey,
a brief Google search let me know that y'all been taken.
Well, I think that's probably better than, well, we'll be taking your house now. Goodbye.
Like, I think that they would prefer to hear from you about the scam
rather than, like, you don't own your home anymore. I think they would prefer that, right?
Ooh, what about... Do you have a certain set of skills that will help you to save your in-laws
from the scam taken for? Taken... It's a very low stakes taken.
Yes. You didn't even... How did you even
get here without Googling it accidentally? Cooltrips.biz. Sounds good to me. 800,000?
Here you go. I'll take out a second mortgage. Here you go. Where are we going? That's not important.
Don't worry about it. It says, fun trip for four. Good for me. Where to? Not important.
Amazing Write style, baby. Cue it up, Phil. Cue it up, Phil Keegan. Let's do this shit.
When I worked at Best Buy and we would like ask people if they wanted to sign up for credit
cards and stuff for the story, like, part of it was we needed your social security number.
And there is a certain generation, I'm not going to say 100% in time, but that is more statistically
likely to both be very wary of people in uniforms at a store they're standing in asking for their
social security number, who will also give away whatever information you want for a trip to the
Bahamas or a boat or whatever. Yeah.
I don't know what the disc... But like, hi, you see my face. I'm standing behind a Best Buy desk.
Can I have your... No, no, no. I don't trust that. Okay. Ooh, a flashing window popped up on my
computer. Don't mind if I do. Now, I'll punch the fuck out of this monkey. Wait, you're going to
give me a cruise too? Oh, shit. Just for punching the monkey? Fuck yeah. Just punched the monkey
once? Internet's great. I hate to do this, guys, but at this point, I'm going to have to bring it
up. The grifter's code. Now, here's the problem. Ah, shit. If you are running... If you here tell
about a grift and it sets off your alarm bells, and if you've been in the game for a while,
you know them all. The back alley preacher, the... The Corvin. The Corvin, the seven watches.
The sloppy boy. The creamy... The thunder snow. The bubblegum violin. You know all of the grifts.
The Arkansas creamy dream. I think if you detect a grift and then you alert the grift,
you have got to be prepared for the next time you're running a grift. Call full circle. Oh,
they're coming for you. Big wheel keeps spinning. In a major way. Keep spinning that big wheel.
Ooh. Yeah. What if you... Oh, no. I'm trying to think of the name of the show. What's the show?
Is it collateral? No. Collaboral. That's it. Where you grift the grifter. Oh, shit. It's
collateral. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You reverse grift. Yeah. You need a... You need a captain for your
boat? Yeah, I guess so. How much money? $20,000. Are you a very good captain? You know it. You
know I'm the best captain. Best in the biz. You're not going to find a captain for cheaper
than the exact amount of money my in-laws... I mean, someone's in... I mean, those two
marks gave you. It's a little bit of lingo. The show is Leverage. I'm very mad at myself
that I couldn't pull Leverage. I love that show. I know for a fact the creator of Leverage has
listened to our products before, and I'm very sorry we couldn't pull the name of Leverage.
Sorry we called your show Collaboral. It's definitely not that.
Um, it's just... Oh my goodness. Is it Derby time? I want a mod squad! I thought we were doing
other stuff. I want two mods squad. Bunch of people sent this one in, and I am really excited
about it, and I think that if you've been paying... A lot more people are paying attention to the
scene than they were before. Quick question. Is it these horrible triangles?
The horrible triangles sound pretty tasty right now. I have a side path real quick. KFC has a
romance novel from Mother's Day called Tender Wings of Desire. Very funny. You're definitely
going to want to pick that one up. Literal? Wait. The sentence I said is true, parse it later.
Moving on, naked chicken is back! Naked chicken has become a brand of the Taco Bell hive mind,
and the only odd thing about that is the name was incepted for the naked chicken chalupa,
which of course was chicken instead of a shell, so the naked thing made sense.
But now they're twisting it a little bit with naked chicken chips. It's like all three of
those fucking words. You've modified it. Go on. I'm so excited because I have... Which has become
a rarity. A lot of these companies are not putting out these press releases anymore. I think they
onto me. That's fine. But this one does have a big release. I'm really excited because this is
May 11th this is happening. My big release do you mean diarrhea? Here's the first slide of this
press release. Taco Bell went and did it again. Yes! I agree! That sentence should be preceded by
uh oh. Taco Bell went and did it again. First, they created a taco shell made entirely of crispy
marinated white meat chicken. Now they've done the same with chips complete with here's an adjective
you never knew existed and now wish you could put it away. Dippable nacho cheese sauce. Dippable
nacho cheese. Consider the inverse. Undippable nacho cheese sauce. Unpenetratable. It's straight
cheesy oobleck. It fucking like as much force as you can put into this thing it's gonna push
right the fuck back. Now with unfathomable nacho cheese. Just try to plumb the depths of this nacho
cheese. I'd like to welcome back to the show uh a woman I've come to think of as the fourth
McElroy brother Marissa Thalberg chief marketing officer at Taco Bell uh who says quote the
the world wasn't ready to say goodbye to naked chicken and neither were we.
Thank you Marissa Thalberg for interrupting my grieving process. The world's grieving and you've
you've righted the ship just when you thought it couldn't get any better. That word doesn't mean
what I think it means anymore. We went and added our famous nacho cheese to expose the traditional
chips and cheese combo like only Taco Bell can. The word is expose that Marissa has chosen this
time we're exposing chips and cheese to this fucking radioactive concept of naked chicken.
These are I'm sorry triangular chicken wedges right these are these are nuggets of a sort that
are maybe it sounds like maybe breaded embarrassed with Dorito fixins and you just dip them in nacho.
So these are chicken tenders that are triangular and no I don't want to get it I think to me
I I'm not interested in talking about like fucking BuzzFeed runs a post saying like a hot dog's a
sandwich and then everybody just gets really angry about it for a long time. I don't want to get into
that sort of semantic argument. These are chicken tenders and no making something triangle shape
does not make it a chip. That is the most wack shit I've ever heard. There's only one way in which
it is a chip Griffin and that is literally if they just took like fried chicken skin
and there's no meat whatsoever. I'm gonna I'm gonna yards now. There's um part of this press
release which I'm not gonna get in the prices let me say these chips are extremely affordable
in the monetary sense. I need I need to know the prices I'm sorry. Six piece for $1.99 or 12 piece
for $3.99. That's not getting a deal if you get 12. Um sorry. Um one of those things especially is
that uh is this paragraph. Naked chicken isn't the only thing that's back. The council for eating
fried chicken the same way you always have. A group dedicated to the preservation of traditional
chicken values. The first surface during the launch of the naked chicken chalupa have already
begun their marketing campaign against naked chicken chips. What is this? Which they deem equally as
bold and dangerously delicious. This is of course a fake thing that Taco Bell yeah yeah yeah yeah
it's a fake thing that Taco Bell made up of like people who are a fake group who's like thinks that
this is the road to hell is paved with fried chicken in different shapes. I which is of course
a joke and it's it's marketing and whatever but I do think it reveals something of the Taco Bell
psyche that like on some level they know they have to create their own Moriarty. Like they do
like no one's stopping us and the guilt that we feel is actually manifested in us creating an
anti-Taco Bell. Like we're paying money for an anti-Taco Bell to nip at our heels at every turn.
This is so that when we do things like this and we talk about it that they can be like well yeah
of course they're part of the council and then everybody can just discount our statements.
They could have saved a lot of money by bringing me in to be the counter Taco Bell and be like
Griffin McElroy in the press was like Griffin McElroy of my brother my brother and me in 30
under 30 media luminary said this sounds fucking nasty and I don't know why Taco Bell you think
you are going to become my my number one chicken source. You all don't know fucking anything about
this chicken game and to be honest if this is the heat you're bringing dippable nacho cheese sauce
with little triangles that have probably been a flavor of over blasted with whatever seasoning
you're bringing to the table. I think it sounds pretty nasty Griffin said. Hey fuck that guy come
come get these little guys. Can I actually like I know that you made up the council for eating fried
chicken the same way you always have as a joke but like can I join that? Can I donate lots of
money to the can I give like 10 percent of my paycheck to the good chicken council? Yeah can
we just do that is there are there groups like I always thought family values groups were horseshit
growing up and broadly speaking yes yes they are absolutely yes obviously but if there are groups
devoted to the values of eating chicken in not fun shapes like I would probably join up I would
probably get on board with that if it was a feasible organization. Do you all want to Yahoo?
Yes yeah yeah I do Griffin and while you're doing that I'm going to run a quick who is on this
chicken council try to figure out oh shit who is who's bankrolling the whole thing.
Fucking WikiLeaks over here getting at it getting at the code. Yeah this one was sent in by Tristan
Hyatt thank you Tristan it's Yahoo Answers user anonymous we're gonna call him Reggie asks
weird question how do you shop at Foot Locker? Yeah I've never understood it. Where do they
keep the actual shoes? Do you have to talk to an employee? I hope this question doesn't seem dumb
lol I've kind of been in one for like two minutes felt out of place I saw a few boxes but I just
left after that. This is this is a this is a valuable service because I there have been lots
of times. Juice you remember when it was Trav's and yours birthdays coming up and we wanted to
get him a present and so we went to the vitamin store to buy him some vitamins and we got said
we got said get out of here they said you don't have any money or more or less this is not a
jokey joke somebody said this is a store where all the things are pretty expensive and Justin
you had that Olive Garden money and you were like oh yeah guess you don't want these OG bucks
and then we left the store and we felt like really huffy and superior for the rest of the day. You
just made a big mistake huge. Huge mistake I was gonna buy all the protein for my brother as a
birthday gift. What did you end up getting me just the walk down memory lane do y'all remember or?
No but I mean okay you know how you're all like fucking scrawny and shriveled up now like these
days. That is my defining feature how tiny I am. You're all fucking tiny and wispy and weak and
it's because we weren't able to buy you these pills that you needed to get yoked but anyway.
Ah man two paths diverged you know what I mean? And you took the one. Ah sliding doors. You took
the one of just like a little tiny like a baby's body but anyway how do you shop a full-on like
a welcome to Weinerville body. Like a Weinerville situation. I just think that there's lots of
discomfort about going into certain stores to shop. I feel it when I go into J Crew because
it's a one echelon level higher than the clothes store that I usually shop at and I feel like I'm
gonna embarrass myself in there and obviously this person's struggling at Foot Locker so I think we
could do a little Prima strategy guide a little game facts for Foot Locker. What I find interesting
about this question Griffin is that Reggie's concern is like the actual mechanics. Yeah.
Whereas my my embarrassment when I walk into Foot Locker is like I don't know how to ask where like
the shoes for sitting around and not playing sports are. They got them they got them they got
all kinds of they got fashion they got casual they got all kinds of stuff. I'm just so afraid to ask
because I'm afraid I'll walk in and they'll be like you don't sport and I'll just run out crying.
No no no no that's a common misconception this is page one of the strategy guide it's just like
be confident I think when you walk in there like it doesn't matter what you need these shoes for
Foot Locker's gotcha. Now Griffin they are also dressed I believe the sporting term is referees.
So it's just number two in the like page two in the strategy guide like don't be they're not
gonna call some sort of foul on you can you imagine? Okay that's that's what I was worried
about that I come in and I'd be like um I don't know my size and they're like that's a red card
you're out of here. Yeah yeah that's a sports thing. Um Juice are you still counter programming
the Taco Bell website or are you in the bit with us? No I'm here in the bit I just I I just don't
have much to add about the last time I was in a Foot Locker they had some shoes in glass cases.
Okay. That's not a joke and you could like read about them. So like number three is like don't
get freaked out when you see that like I'd be afraid if I saw that that I was going to
accidentally steal some shoes from Foot Locker and it's like just don't you know it's not a museum
you're not robbing it. Sometimes you have to say that to people like when they're shopping in a
store like sometimes I walk into Best Buy and I think like I hope I don't actually steal some I
you know I don't want to be I don't want to accidentally steal something here.
Yeah you want to on purpose steal things. Well I want to make the decision yeah.
Yeah no Travis knows how hard the LP is at Best Buy they've got eyes on everybody I wouldn't try
to sneak out of that place with anything. Yeah like I like if I was shoplifting from Best Buy
and I saw Travis's little Wienerville baby body I'd be like oh no. That's fair. Um just looks like
five five broomsticks. It is easy though to steal shoes from the Foot Locker because all you do is
you go into the changing room and then you put on the new shoes and you put your old shoes back
in the box and then you say like I you know I decided I don't want these and you just walk out.
Jesus Travis this is a strategy guide for how to shop at Foot Locker and you just told people
go for it basically. I think it's safe though because I don't actually think they have changing
rooms to change your shoes so you I might have given some bogus advice there. Griffin let me
ask you a different question for the strategy guide. How do you shop at Foot Locker? Well I've
been in the Foot Locker and I've seen basketball hoops. Oh yeah. Like is there any risk of a game
breaking out that I would have to participate in? Um I mean it would be pretty loud like the sound
of a basketball being dribbled is like pretty loud so like you wouldn't you I think you'd have
enough time to probably get out of the store but again take those shoes off you don't want to
um thief from them. How do you get the shoes that are right for you at Foot Locker though?
Because like what's a good fit I think for like a Reebok? Well that I actually do know the answer
to Griffin because here's the thing the only people who work at Foot Locker are passionate
about shoe sales. They love it. So if you go up to any one of them and say I don't even know what
I'm looking for I am a blank canvas upon which you can paint your masterpiece they are going to
love the opportunity to really stretch their imaginations and their creativity to find the
right shoe for you. They'll take care of everything you just have a seat and no matter what questions
they ask you say surprise me. And I think that's probably the best way to buy don't even tell them
your shoe size let them figure that out because that's going to make their whole day. Now Juice
I've got a question here from somebody about Foot Locker and I was hoping you could help
them answer it and it's an anonymous ask.fm and they said that they always have stinky feet
and so like they don't want to offend any of the umpires or whatever and so they just asked they
said Justin what do I do about that? Just measure yourself ask if they have a booklet about how to
work that little slide thing okay and then just sit there for a half hour and piece it together
yourself. That's going to take a while though I mean it's it will I don't want to make a day of it
they'll give they'll bring you a cold drink if it takes too long to figure out your shoe size. Do
you think you need you need to pack your lunch yourself though? Yeah do pack a lunch. Does
anybody own those at home and they come in and like put your foot in the scale and then you
could say to them like don't worry about it I used my foot scale at home and I'll tell you exactly
the size it is. Do you think they're on Amazon because like the problem boys is you're dealing
with like a cubit situation where the scale at Payless is different from the scale every store
has their own shoe sizes. Well that's how they and that's how they fuck you right? Yeah um I can't
understand sort of where this person was coming from because if you go there and you just see one
shoe on a shelf you certainly are gonna wonder like well what do I do about that? There's no
I well I mean I'm what so wait is there another one behind if I take one out will another one
just slide into its place like a cook machine? Like no it's that's obviously the most popular
fashionable shoe that everybody's wearing and you fucking buy that shoe and you shut up about it
because you don't know that much about shoes obviously if you're having this much trouble with
it you just got to trust the people at Foot Locker because this is their passion. Now Griffin what
if the shoe is just way too big for you but it is the last one of the most popular shoe? Jam it in
jam it up like maybe put some like rolled up socks in there or or toilet paper or tissue paper or
do they make you get rid of your off-court buddies in that circumstance or
I mean they make you trade in your shoes if you buy shoes at Foot Locker no matter
what you knew that right that's how they get that's how they get new ones
the the the foot measuring thing is called the Brannock device fuck yeah that's awesome it's
awesome it's really cool uh you can buy one on Amazon for $65 that's way more money than I would
ever as a joke spend on anything okay yeah you can but I'm trying to figure out why yeah like
if you were gonna start a shoe place is this the last thing like we are about to open the doors
you're like oh fuck need you know what tell me they got same day tell me because we gotta get
gotta get it I'm 30 I don't and that still feels just awful it tumbled that word just
diapers out of my mouth um but I do think that my feet are probably done growing huh
uh-huh probably are about to start shrinking I don't think my feet are gonna get any huh
there are 10 there are 10 after 30 they shrink they're 10 now I don't think I'm ever gonna hit
10.5 uh I'm a see I'm like a 10.5 11 I do like it but I'm 12 Travis is a two
I'm a 12 d it's just a broomstick going into a shoe I know because I wear cowboy boots sir
and I wear the shit out of them yeah he's very proud of his boots um hey hey boots aren't cheap
that's what they tell me at least I hear that they're expensive you want a nice pair wouldn't
be funny if I know you're doing the transition but wouldn't be funny if you went to footlocker
and they saw your shoes and they were like what are those I love I love that one because they're
like it's just shoes and it's like fun to like slam people for it I think if I were if I had a
footlocker if I owned a footlocker I would tell my employees whenever somebody came in the store
I would tell them to say well you already have shoes what's your what's your angle what are you
playing at you already got them four who are these four they have to come in here if they want our
shoes no shoes sold unless the person is present you know that but if you came in without shoes
they'd be like they're ready they're ready they're ready to receive we've been waiting for you we saw
you coming they come in and I'd be like what are those oh he doesn't have them you got you've
you've solved my joke I would like a Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium but for shoes it was just
fucking magical but at the end you just end up with shoes I don't know I haven't seen it
it might be about shoes I'll spoil it for you uh Mr. Magorium dies and turns into Stardust I guess
I didn't see it either but I got really into it conceptually so I read the plot summary uh all
right I'm gonna try this again boots are expensive money zone these boots are made for walking to the
money zone there we go that's fine I'm very excited to speak because my brother my brother
me is sponsored by Lyft and I love Lyft for a lot of reasons it's a very versatile service
that I'm a fan of one when I travel if I go somewhere like uh San Francisco Sketch Fest
right I don't want to rent a car boom Lyft is right there super convenient two Teresa and I
share a car if I want to make sure my wife still has access to our car and I just need to like
run to an appointment or something boom Lyft does it bum you out Travis at all that this is a sort
of unrequited love because you tried to be a Lyft driver once and they didn't want you
no that was fair because I did have a number of infractions you want you want standards they
won't let Travis drive to pay him money to talk about their service well they might now I think
a lot of those infractions have probably fallen off of my record Travis tried out for the team
tried out for the Lyft team Lyft said no but we'll find some way to use you you you enthusiastic
young driver they they saw something raw in Travis that they could mold you you're not a driver
you're a speaker and they were right speak for Lyft um I I do honestly god I use Lyft all the
time uh and I I'm a pretty big fan um safety is their number one priority every driver is
fully vetted through a 10 point safety standard including third-party criminal and dmv background
checks how many points you think you made it third trap if you were to guess maybe two honestly
I cleaned my car really good and I had peppermints yeah and that's one and two those are the two
first safety standard points and the third one is like I had an iPhone charge cable
all right well that one's important too they can't have you can't have your maps dying
whoo that was close um nine out of ten Lyft rides get a perfect five star rating
and and they offer a better experience with Lyft you can tip in the app so the happier
so you have happier drivers which means happier passengers I'm a big fan and right now Lyft is
offering our listeners a special deal for new users you get three free rides up to ten dollars
each that's a thirty dollar value when you enter promo code brother just download the free Lyft
app lyft Lyft app today and enter promo code brother in the payment section and you'll start
with three free rides up to ten dollars each thirty dollar value promo code brother go do it
now get not my brother a lot of times it's my brother this is just brother brother anyone's old
brother any any shitty old brother hey can I tell you about pro can I tell about pro flowers
yeah please we got some lovely blooms in well we didn't they weren't even blooming yet that's the
best thing we got these lovely little these plants essentially and then I put the dust in the water
they send you the dust and they say put the dust in the water and you cut some of the flowers and
I feel bad doing that every time like you're supposed to cut their butts off basically I
guess it helps them drink up the dust better but anyway they bloomed and we've had them for a while
now and they're just lovely they're sitting on the kitchen and I just like to sometimes I turn
the tv off and I say babe it's I'm talking to Rachel and her baby and I say babes it's flower
night and we'll just look right at these things for two three four five six seven eight hours at a
time nine hours yesterday I'm thinking of it nine hours yesterday you know in the 30s that's what
I had to pass for entertainment your your grandparents probably stared at flowers well
you would finish your dance marathon and you wanted to just chill out for the night and you're
like I can't dance another marathon dancing your dance marathon and they would open the pool up
under you and you'd fall into it every time that's every dance marathon they don't tell you that
that's every dance marathon you fall in the pool and then you walk home with your future wife and
then you get home and you just stare at some flowers and so somebody would go to turn the radio
on and he would slap their hand away from the dial as hard as you possibly could and you say no because
it would interrupt flower watching but also that would attract uh the bombers they would know where
you are because of the radio signal but again to keep that turned off it's flower night mama may
I be excused from the table to go stir the flowers well jeff rooms did you finish your turkey leather
I did indeed well you're dismissed wait hold on doesn't this turkey leather something you're
eating or something you're making to sell both okay you get they're getting high on their own
supply so to speak anyway mother's day is coming up and this is a good way to show your appreciation
you can send the 100 blooms for mom bouquet from pro flowers this mother's day it'll make a real
impression comes with a free glass vase for just 19.99 plus shipping and handling um and you can
upgrade to a premium vase and include gourmet chocolates for just 10 bucks more you choose the
delivery date you want pro flowers are guaranteed to arrive fresh and beautiful and stay that way
for seven days or your money back and um yeah don't wait because don't wait seven days today
monday mother's day is the 14th so like order it it's fine um yeah get the 100 balloons for mom
with a free glass face 1999 plus shipping just go to proflowers.com click on the microphone
microphone in the top right corner and use the code my brother it's proflowers.com get the code
my brother when you click on the mic all one word this bouquet sells out fast so order today
and you're just gonna stare at these flowers but try not to you're gonna want to eat them like
that's the thing you're gonna want to eat these blooms and i got i can't tell you how many emails
i got from botanists and flower like just flower people and uh like botanists from harry potter
how they do like plants in them in those movies and books and all the all of these emails said
you were right griffin eat them up yum good but if you eat them all don't eat them all because
then you can't stare at them that's my that's my like plant advice do they call people that study
like mechanical people robot nests yeah don't even act like we don't have a personal message
because we do it's for fiona and it's from haley and it says happy 50th birthday to the best mom
who tells dad jokes and explains references on this show that i'm too young to get i'm so
glad that through hard times in our lives we can listen to mbnb am together and laugh thanks for
birthing my brothers and me love your jelly i see you didn't want to take the director's note at the
beginning of this one juice i'm not a fucking dancing it says if snowden could come out of
hiding to read this message that'd be great and like i don't know why you want him to compromise
himself for for for you give us one justin just one word thank you for birthing me mother it's
our secret i feel like maybe you've lost much like still fucking there much like the american
intelligence community you've lost snowden maybe a little bit he just sounds smaller
i hate see i hate this happening inorganic you can do it i'm an or this is i'm an organic
comedian yeah i did it it was so funny people are walling their brains off right now they're
loving it just like the kids say snowden fever is back and it's sweeping america and there's
a reason i sometimes you retire a beloved character because you lose touch with them
it's like if um you know the guy who hosts uh all american actor sit down james spader
if he were to say to me justin can i speak with edward snowden the worst thing that's ever
happening by the way is watching james lefton hosted inside of the actor's studio with the
cast of simpsons and uh asking each one in turn if he could speak to their character
and having them improvise some like simpson's back and forth uh uh uh impromptu discussions
with the simpson's family and just one of them look at them like it's scripted james
james show is scripted hey james can i can i speak to mo man
is comic book guy in today is hans mohman are you there i'm channeling you
if i could where's the money hans hey um can i speak with gill oh i don't remember gill gill
was hold on let me look remember an episode the salesman the old sale can i speak with the old
gill you don't remember okay can i speak to darryl strawberry that was really darryl strawberry like
he was really in that fucking episode what are you talking about i just doing j i really like
darryl strawberry i thought you might have darryl strawberry's phone number so i could call darryl
strawberry um here's another message and it's uh for bailey m and it's from nate b who says
happy birthday to my sweetheart of a partner bailey i'm not sure if you will be in dc or
ukraine when you receive this birthday message but i know that i love you with all of my heart
nate p.s i couldn't think of a goof to write here so if the brothers could help me out i
would appreciate it so just a joke you just want us to write a joke okay i'll choke you inside is
should be the name of this podcast jokes get out get out of here jokes jokes step out of the room
for a moment give me like five minutes that's way i'm not gonna fucking wait way too long to go
without jokes okay two minutes one minute okay one minute it's probably really hard uh for nate to
plan whether bailey's gonna be in dc or the ukraine when this message is read considering it is a
month oh no two months late that's not really a good i don't know if that's a good joke for them
though self-burn you guys are really here how about this how about this okay tell me a joke
okay wait okay acupuncture is a jab well done acupuncture is a jab well done that was google
here there's one more there are two fish in a tank and one says to the other how do you drive
this thing fucking sucks google that was google google's like the company that owns all the things
you think they could own like a good joke uh here's here's one here's one called random fun
what do you think she says on that here's a cute video oh it's like a cat okay okay i was afraid
honestly more so this wasn't really a we didn't really write a joke this time what we did is one
of our classic my brother my brother me goof adjacent segments where you think there's
something funny in it and then you dig around and there's not but then you're three minutes closer
to the podcast being over so everybody wins like in a year you remember something funny happening
here but when you go back and re-listen to the episode you can't pinpoint what moment you were
thinking of yeah if you're if you're scrubbing through right now trying to find that great joke
that you heard on this episode it was earlier or later because it's not in this segment you can
go ahead and even bend this episode yeah it may not have been this episode it was okay this is
an okay one real middle of the pack right here this one oh it does riddle this fun i got this
new phone it does jokes samsung galaxy s8 it's got jokes that's my like you know we do tech reviews
sometimes it also does riddles here's the riddle do you want to hear it does your shirt have holes
in it no then how did you put it on that's a riddle that's not a riddle unless you honestly
want me to answer how i put my shirt on it's a here's a riddle has two hands a round face
always runs but stays in place that's a real fucking clock yeah yeah it tells you that pretty
quick huh like give me a minute to fucking solve the riddle obviously travis solved it because he's
a riddle master but i needed a little bit more time than this phone i'm giving this phone three
stars out of five because it doesn't give you enough time to the bezel is like almost not there
and the processor is like so fast it runs all my games so fast but when i ask you riddles it doesn't
give you enough time to solve them three stars out of five sorry google i had to dock you two
points on that one there's probably a setting for that um uh here's another question because
i think we've done one is that right give me more time to solve your riddles next time
uh here are the top results no it's not a search two stars out of five fuck this phone don't buy
it i wish i still had my apple phone i had all my i had all my crazy birds saved on my apple phone
i lost all the dang things didn't carry your progress over no god this has been the longest
money zone spot yeah it's almost like i'm trying to move on the next thing and you keep talking
about your phone hey max fun fans it's maximum fun org founder jesse thorn i just wanted to take a
minute to congratulate our colleague ben partridge he's the host and creator of the beef and dairy
network podcast and they just won the gold award for best comedy podcast in the british podcast
awards it's a truly remarkable honor if you haven't checked out beef and dairy network you
are in for a very very very special treat it's a really remarkable and hilarious show i would say
a perfect podcast uh so congratulations ben partridge and congratulations to everyone
who's contributed to the beef and dairy network podcast we're proud of you do you think living on
a houseboat would be as fun as it sounds that's from landlocked in illinois there's not explicit
advice i guess in this one it's more implicit advice i suppose um pros and cons pros you can
fish right off the side of the damn thing no problem but you know me i fish i love fishing
every morning sometimes it's a hassle to get down to the ocean oh also you have the 360 surround
pool who else can claim that on their house i mean i guess other people in houseboats um negatives
you could wake up drowned which is kind of a bad one like that actually no matter what like
you're mobile you could live wherever you want your house moves fishing off the side 360 pool
is all super good i'm sure it's very scenic but you could wake up drowned and that's that might
actually sort of outweigh the like i'm in my ranch style home here in texas that's a very low chance
of it happening because it's not an aqua vehicle uh i mean if i if my regular house breaks i call
a guy if my houseboat breaks i'm all of a sudden in like a desperate adventure movie situation like
i'm i'm fighting for my life all of a sudden which maybe is not what you want to do when you're
trying to just catch up on you know 24 or whatever you're doing at your home and before you say before
you say it doesn't happen it happened to a bar in huntington so yes that is true but the question
boys was not is it as responsible as it sounds the question was is it as fun as it sounds so
you think it'd be pretty fun for your house to break and then you almost drown while you're
trying to swim out of your home like oh i look at that roller coaster and something bad could happen
so i'm not gonna get on that roller coaster doesn't mean the roller coaster is not fun
it just means that you're being a little too responsible i think living on a houseboat would
be as fun as it sounds right up until the moment when it sinks up until then you're right travis
you shouldn't think about don't don't don't cry because it's over laugh because of the great
memories you had along the way thank you because here's the thing no the house i live in now is
most likely not going to sink unless we have a sinkhole situation but you know what else
i also don't get to pretend like i'm on an adventure with my friends huck finn and tom
sawyer every day sure you know what i mean like um can i read a yahoo do you think if you have
a houseboat uh-huh and you see people fishing near your houseboat are you allowed to be like
come on yeah those are my fish those are clearly my fish i've named those i named those they're
my pets that's my coin pond um do you guys want any i who do you think if you own a houseboat
okay claim that like you have lots of outdoor bathrooms what's the square footage well i don't
know how far can you spin it yeah all of it hey here's a good thing about houseboat if you drive
it out far enough you can turn on your video poker machine and just go hog wild that's one
fun thing yeah so send them by zoe kensky riding high this is not a good one i just will i will
be very honest with you boys this is not a good one but i did need to read it zoe kensky sent it
in yahoo answers user sorry something's gone wrong i'm gonna call him keith asked riddle
me this batman how can you find out if you were breastfed without asking anyone in your family
and then additional details batman jokes aside how can you find out if you were
breastfed without asking anyone in your family does it say batman jokes aside yes
all right i'm not farting around it'll be a riddle dd batman if you kill him he won't learn
nothing how can you find out if you're breastfed without asking anyone in your family never mind
the batman stuff i just want to know about the breastfeeding i'm glad he got that different
i'm glad he got that distraction otherwise otherwise i would have been listening the
second half of the question wondering when's another batman joke coming what character is
this let's put a smile on that face how could i find his breastfeeding don't think about the
joker thing i want to know if i was breastfed from a breast riddle me this batman does your
shirt have holes in it no what has two hands a face and doesn't move a clock what you said it
way too fast the batman's the riddler i wasn't even i wasn't even done listening and the sound
had not made it to my back ears yet how do you guys think he does put it on what how does batman
put it on i was thinking about it like he would tell the ruler like no no buttons and then the
room would be like then how'd you put it on and then batman would have to say something i guess
he wouldn't he would probably just punch him but like if he wanted to answer how how would he put
it on right why didn't the riddler ever look at batman and say riddle me this who is batman and
batman would be like bruce wayne shit damn he got me and solved it though and i give me 10 riddle
points and when he says up 100 the riddler dies do you think in every batman story you've ever
seen ever they have omitted a 10 second beat of footage where he's just like zip me up alfred
alfred get no too tight corset me up alfred tighten my corset alfred it seems like a like a
rubber spray like he's just sprayed on him sprayed it on human beings removing wetsuits before and
it is not a cool thing or an easy thing it kind of looks like someone shedding their exoskeleton
their carapace and if we're if we're being honest his wiener probably looks super weird in there
super weird in there when you take like it probably looks super super soon it's like a
little hot bag that you sweat into and then when you take it off like we don't talk about this ever
but his wiener probably looks like pretty busted he's definitely fully talc'd up before it gets
in there 360 degrees full coverage he's got like a spray tan booth of talcum powder it's like oh
there's a crime okay i need 20 minutes to get i i just i gotta grease up and then talc up and then
get in the suit and that takes a while and i had to put in a lot of soundproofing so you wouldn't
hear the squeaking and the screaming do you think at some point in the relationship alfred has come
to him and said uh master bruce yes uh i'm just gonna ask a fucking kid please stop peeing in the
suit master bruce i have to fucking wash it okay master bruce please stop peeing in the suit i
have taken the liberty of i've crafted you a flannel number with several zippers and buttons
and flaps no okay but just for a second just consider master bruce who do you think it stinks
like shit there's nothing we're gonna do about that you're getting you're fighting the penguin
you're sweating to high heaven i'll quit and then i'll need a way to make money and i can think of
one pretty fucking good one and it's a book called here's what the bat cave is by me alfred who no
longer watches it's called the secrets of the underground piss boy and that's you that's you
you and chapter one you'll never believe this clammy pingness i'll tell them about the time
you got scared last year remember master bruce really scared remember really really scared i
think of it as alfred's super bad day that he had because of you master bruce you remember when he
hey gotham chapter two remember when bane almost blew our thing up with i forget why but it was
really dumb but anyway batman came home from that one and his balls were so pruney it was the suit
is so tight he was out there for a few days just getting wildly pruney down there chapter three
master bruce stopped watching dexter after season three but he continued to make me recap episodes
after i watched them for the entirety of the series literally half of my day is spent recapping
dexter for batman batman took a weird turn i like it he's a weird dude man uh the other day my
boyfriend went thrift shopping on his day off from work when he got home i asked him if he had found
anything good he said that he had and proceeded to show me a chris angel mind freak magic kit
i really like this guy what do i do get fucking stoked yeah get married i guess to this person as
fast as is possible are you kidding me that's very good was it unopened because you run the risk of
some of the minds having already been freaked yeah you can't unfreeze those beans um can you
sorry just i wanted to do a joke but i didn't want to be rude and interrupt you so maybe you
could read it a second time and i'll be rude this time but it won't be the one that counts
yeah you got it all right um the other day my boyfriend went thrift shopping
i'm gonna pop some tags you said he had a joke i'm still waiting on where's the joke
at one point he says piss in the song yeah that is pretty good but shit it was 99 cents
and he comes back at it and but with a message like an important message um this is the best
pickup like ever and i think you should get psyched and like start like putting on little
magic shows i guess what comes in all right time to google what comes in the chris angel mind freak
magic kit okay why you work quick i am going to need to know that i'm also going to wonder if it
makes the illusions harder if you pull out like i'm going to poke a hole through this coin and
they're like uh why does the coin have chris angel's face on it and you have to just stare
at them until they forgot you were going to do a magic so sears has it for 128 100 sorry 128
american dollars and 90 american cents which is basically 129 american dollars
let me know barnes and noble get it to you for 60 bucks justin yeah you saw a chris angel
mind freak magic kit at a thrift store what amount of money would they have to be charging
for it that would balance for you the joke of buying it without being ashamed of the amount
of money you paid for it uh okay trav hi it's nice to meet you my name is justin mcelroy and
i paid 200 for a lucid dreamy helmet that's never going to ride on my head there's not a number yes
exactly griffin same question 128.90 griffin would pay double what he'd pay at barnes and noble
this somebody wrote this on sears apparently sears just lets you write your own product
descriptions i've included the mind freak kit instructional dvd to perform every mind freak
prop contained in this kit to make learning easy and fun by the way i'm looking at this shit and
it's like some little foam balls and thimbles and it's like you can't freak someone's bean
with some fucking thimbles it's impossible um as a bonus i've also included volumes one and
five of my best-selling dvd series master mind freaks okay so uh chris did write this then
uh each dvd with my personal step-by-step instructions on how to perform each and every
insane mind reek little typo there including my biggest secret how to self levitate anywhere
anytime with no props i've also included three official different official decks of chris angel
playing cards my personal practice tips and mind freak teacher tricks that's hey sorry go ahead
that's teach hyphen a hyphen tricks teacher tricks from my best-selling books chris angel
nope it's trick spelled right uh chris angel mind freak secret revelations the free ultimate online
ultimate loyal freak trial membership at chris angel website and much much more
a hundred i'm just gonna try it out and see i'm watching a youtube video now and it's somebody
doing one of the tricks from this mind freak set and looks like they've got three little silver
cups here and three foam balls each one with chris angel's face on it and this person is putting
some of the balls in the cups and oh look at that looks like three of the balls ended up in what
oh oh oh my your mind my mind my bean you got me you guys are going right now being called a bean
freak yes oh you got me right in the bean oh you gotta fish a show down oh why did i watch this gd
video oh it's still on the video so going for three balls are back to their original cups
my bean my bean my bean
this is broadcast history someone's having their mind freaks it in the in pocket you
just in media res as griffin is having his mind freaked it's harder i can't even think right anymore
guys that's what happens oh shit my legs and arms feel numb is this it
it well folks this has been my brother my brother me an advice show for the modern era
now just my brother and me i i guess um my name is justin mcelroy and um thank you to john roger
because the long winters for the use of our theme song into departure off the album putting the days
to bed uh thanks to everybody who has listened to our show and shared it over the years during the
griffin years as we will now think of them and uh trab do you have anything you you would like to
say uh yeah go check out all the other amazing shows on maximum fun.org there's a ton on there
they're all great you can also go to mcelroy shows.com to find all the projects that we're
associated with uh as well as contact information like p.o boxes and email addresses and twitter
accounts uh facebook groups all that kind of stuff um also wanted to say we're uh
my wife and i have a new show we do called the kind rewind where we watch different things to
discuss them we are wrapping up season one of puffy and then uh the next episode after that
we'll be watching uh et the extraterrestrial so that will be episode five uh we're gonna watch
the first three episodes of cheers and we don't want to commit ourselves to a whole first season
in case we hate it but episode six will be the first three episodes of cheers um uh okay
hold on okay oh griffin's back thank god i can do the closer okay
also we're about to do a live show in austin if you're coming to that please send in questions
to my bim bam at maximum fun.org here's the final yahoo sent by morgan davy keep it waving morgan
davy it's yahoo answers user they're anonymous everybody's just completely undercover this one's
asked by cream dream who asks did arthur from the cartoon ever go to a funeral in the show
my name is just macaroy i'm travis macaroy i'm griffin macaroy
this has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported i'm barbara gray i'm brandy
posey and i'm tess barker we're lady to lady do you want to sleep over in your ears is that
a friend in your pocket or are you just podcast to see me we're a portable hangout you can bring
to the gym on the subway or on an oil rig seriously we have listeners who do that
chill with us while we get high with margaret cho talk show girls with katya from drag race
and hear broadway star anthony rap sing hamilton i am not throwing away my shot i am not throwing
away my shot hey yo i'm just like my country i'm young scrappy and hungry and i'm not throwing away
my shot that's lady to lady can you keep a secret neither can we
