The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome, my brother, my brother,
and me at Advice Show for the Modron Era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your new year's baby and sweet 30 under 31, Griffith McElroy.
It's- we're more Modron than ever.
Oh yeah, baby, we're in those sci-fi years now.
It's the most Modron we've ever been.
People say we weren't gonna make it, and we did.
Looks like we made it.
Who the fuck said that?
A lot of naysayers.
Point them out.
Name them one by one.
Name names.
Alan Alda.
Alan Alda said that?
Damn, I don't want to burn Alan Alda, but if he's talking a bunch of shit about
our ability to make it, then-
Yeah, he doubted us, and I guess we showed him.
You know what? It buzzed me out especially because I just talked to him a week ago,
and he's like, I always said you guys would make it.
That's the two-timing. That's the thing.
Wow, you know, way to start 2018 off on a bad foot to find out that Alan Alda is a two-faced
son of a gun.
I feel a little at sea though, gentlemen, because we are in a new year, and yet in a sense we aren't.
In a sense we are still in a sort of limbo.
Yes.
Because we have not sort of thematically found what this year is going to be about.
So we've had a lot of people tweeting at us.
And I'm not sure that they've necessarily helped us.
If only anything, they've added more C by giving us a billion very good suggestions
of what the year should be.
And just listen, I can't stress enough how much I appreciate the participation which
everyone has put forth.
But rhyming teen with things is easy and could apply to any year.
So serpentine works because it's like 17, but serpentine.
Even that was a stretch.
I think we can all agree.
You can't just say like 28 clean because that could be anything.
Like that could be this year or next year.
I guess 2020 would have-
I wanted to float one.
And we agree that 2020 is going to be looking forward.
But that's not what 2020 means, but sure.
Clear vision.
I want to float this one because we didn't talk about last time, but I think it's powerful.
I think it has power and it is 2018.
And it's like the Black Eyed Peas song, but it's obviously it's been 10 years.
10 years since that tune.
And we're all really looking forward to the anniversary.
I don't think I speak for-
Yeah.
I think I speak for all of us.
The reunion, they're going to blow the horn of Gondor and the peas will get back together
in the same way.
When William and Taboo and Ferguson-
Ferguson and-
Here's one from Percival Press who says, 20 trampoline, time to bounce back.
Now, when you sent that one in, did you know that you were going to change my life on a
personal spiritual level?
Because maybe this is the year we get specific about it and it's like, this is it.
Go buy a fucking trampoline and get hot.
20 trampoline, higher and higher.
Now, here's the thing though-
Now, I will say, I did just say that this is just rhyming the teen part.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Okay.
No, no, no, no.
2018, we're going fishing.
Who's that?
Tyler Petty says 2018.
No, it sounds like a literal, like literally going fishing or is this like catfishing?
I think a lot of parts of fishing seem chill to me.
The one I can't do-
I'll fuck up a worm.
I don't care.
But when the fish is on the hook-
Too big.
That's-
I can't close that deal.
What do I do with this slimy fella?
It's a big worm.
If you think about maybe it's a big worm with eyes and mouth, it'll help.
But no, it won't.
And I can convince myself that that worm has done some shit.
You know what I mean?
But like, I look at a fish and I'm like, that fish has never-
It didn't do nothing.
A soul.
It's never done anything wrong.
Might be somebody's grandpa with a bunch of stories that got dropped down in the water,
transfigurized.
Right.
Or it could be Don Knotts.
You never know.
Most fishes are.
Also, there's obviously people are going to take that one and run with it in a sort of
masturbatory direction.
And that's its own can of worms to continue talking about worms.
Can we go there just one step further?
Do we already talk about 20 Master 18?
We should.
20 Master 18 is achievable.
Easily achievable, I would say.
I want to try to avoid-
What I liked about Serpentine is it's very personal.
And I think that we want to-
I don't want any that could be easily disappointing.
Like, which one was building bridges?
2016 building bridges.
Okay, that required actually two people on either end to sort of like get it done.
You know, nobody builds a bridge from one end and then-
But that's good.
I would argue that we need to move back in that direction as opposed to having more years
about, you know, individual distrust of the system and almost Neil Breen-esque distrust
of the system.
And more of like where we can get-
I'm just, guys, I can't get away from this image of two horses getting doubly strong
or triply strong because of their friendship pulling this big cart we call life.
A few people have suggested 20 Gayteen, which I love, except for it is phonetically
indistinguishable from 20 Gate-teen.
And I don't want people to think that we're kind of putting up barriers.
Now, I like this one from Warrior Princess.
He suggested 20 Blade-teen the year of Wesley Snipes.
Once again, specific.
That's some specificity.
Everybody can get into Wesley Snipes this year.
Also 20 Slayteen, but that could break bad pretty fast, I think.
Yeah, that's the problem with a lot of these.
Yeah, apparently 8 rhymes with a lot of sort of, I mean, hate.
Like, it rhymes with a lot of words that I don't think we want to make the sort of-
20 Skate-teen, bringing back rollerblades.
20 Skate-teen, back from the brink.
20 Skate-teen, back from the brink.
I feel like I'm really fucking good at coming up with the subtitles and really bad at coming
up with the year names.
Now, somebody, because we did talk about Mount Up, and somebody suggested 20 Regulate-teen,
and I'm sorry that I can't remember.
Or just Regulate-teen.
No, we got, I mean, we got a billion people saying, like, how could you not say Regulate-teen
after saying Mount Up as much as you did?
Yes.
And I don't know that that's the right spirit of the thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have one that I'm very enthusiastic about.
Okay.
Because I can't, like I said, the horses, that's very much our thing.
Pulling carts, working together, friendship, love.
Last episode, or last non-live episode, I suggested 20 Mate-teen, stronger together.
And we got a lot of tweets from people concerned about 20 Mate-teen being sort of the thing,
because it sounds like almost a Paul Ryan-esque sort of challenge to increase.
I did mention that specifically in the moment.
I believe yes.
So how about this?
And we've gotten this from a lot of people.
I can't claim credit for it, but I think it's kind of great.
Collaborate-teen, stronger together.
Because that can mean anything.
That just means two hearts, two minds, two souls, or more.
Many souls, many different minds.
It is important to me, Griffin, that it does not mean anything.
It has to, we need to give it some sort of boundaries, I think, for it to be an effective,
I do like Collaborate-teen.
Well, that's it, that's it.
It could mean like creatively, if you have a thing that you want to do that you struggled
with or been hesitant to do, get somebody else.
A like-minded individual on board who can help you fulfill your dreams.
It can also mean like get involved with something that's important to you.
Maybe let's go fucking rain fire down on the midterm elections.
Just a fucking biblical reckoning on those, on them shits.
I'm very into that.
Collaborate-teen, we're stronger together.
You're strong alone, but we're stronger together.
It could be collaborating as far as like, as Griffin said, creativity or like social
action, but it could also be like accountability.
You know what I mean?
Like having a friend that keeps you on track of your writing project while you keep, not
necessarily working together so much as just like that, like horse working across the-
It is necessarily working together.
It is.
But that's what I'm saying.
It doesn't have to be working together on the same project so much as it could be working
together to help one of you finish something.
To help one another become stronger, validate one another.
Validate-teen.
Validate-teen's pretty good.
Validate-teen's pretty good.
From John, who says, navigate-teen.
All hands on deck.
I love that.
I love sailing.
I love nautical, that sort of vibe.
What are we navigating though?
Just life's choppy waters?
Just navigating it.
We're just navigating it.
This big blue spaceship we call Earth.
Listen, I'm willing to throw my hat over the fence, my weight throwing-
Why did you just throw a hat at collaborate-teen?
I don't know, but I'm willing to throw my support behind collaborate-teen.
I think that's my huckleberry.
Because not only do I like the spirit of it, I also like that we wouldn't have to say 20
at the beginning of it every time.
Yeah.
Which I think is a little played.
A little played at this point, and we're gonna keep doing it for the next, what, in 82 years?
And then when 2,118 rolls around, we can just do it again.
Yeah, so I think collaborate-teen, stronger together.
And then just the picture of a bunch of horses pulling the world out of orbit.
Yes, maybe pulling it so that global warming's not an issue anymore.
Pulling it away from the sun.
Yeah, we moved one degree over, one centimeter out of our orbit.
That's how we're gonna fix this whole thing.
Just get a little bit further away from the sun.
Not very far, but just a little bit further.
Which I actually think will give us like one more day a year that's just like a rest day.
Yeah.
I actually think that that's a future Rama plot now that I'm thinking about it.
But anyway, stronger together.
Justin, do we have a consensus?
I just want to make sure we've thought about all the different things.
Well, hum a few more at us, big boy.
Do you guys know what spate means?
I don't, but I thought there might be something there.
I think it's like a fight.
No, that's a spat, isn't it?
Okay, spate is a large number of similar things or events
appearing or occurring in quick succession.
This is nothing.
That's nothing.
Okay, let me pitch one out that we did talk about earlier
that I wanted to give one more chance here.
Okay.
20 slates clean.
But I still have the same reservations about it
in that I don't want anybody to start over.
I don't want anybody to start over.
That's the sentiment that might have carried us into 2017.
We're like, boy, 2016 sucked.
2017 slates clean.
Let's do this thing.
And 2017 was like a dump and it dumped all over.
And then it was like, wow, I wish I hadn't had a clean slate.
I wish I'd had some of my experience points left over from the previous year
to help bolster me going into this new game plus.
2018, we're a little bit wiser.
Now we know it's time to, you know.
Is this collaborate teen or 20 collaborate teen?
20 collaborate teen is such a vicious mouthful.
It actually stung my mouth to say it.
I think collaborate teen.
But it's like-
Now what about, Justin, can I take your idea
and just put a little spin on it?
Sure, not my idea, but go on.
Blank slate teen.
And it's just all about the movie Blank Slate.
Let me hit you with this.
Blank check teen.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
How about captivate teen?
Can't look away.
From what?
Now, once again, that's a good turn of phrase, I guess,
but not super actionable as far as what to do this year.
Aspirate teen.
Just breathe.
No, aspirate is when you choke on your own vomit.
Well, yeah, but aspirate teen.
Fluoridate teen.
Nope.
Keep those teeth.
No.
Germinate teen.
Watch it grow.
Watch what grow?
This is the thing you keep referencing these arcane subjects.
Lubricate teen.
Get it wet.
Jesus God, Justin.
Now hold on.
We might have something here.
Get what yet?
You might be wondering.
The year.
Get the year wet.
Just a sloppy, slimy year.
Machinate teen.
Watch the gears turn.
No, okay, once again, what does that mean?
What?
It means devise a plan.
Devise a plan and watch the gears turn.
Watch it grow.
Get it wet.
Elucidate teen.
Becoming clear.
Wait, no, that makes it sound like we're becoming Scientologists.
Hey, maybe this is it.
Maybe this is the year.
This is the year.
Relocate teen.
2013, time to audit.
Is there something with like illuminate, but it's about Illuminati?
I mean, yeah, I mean, but that's literally all you just said and it wasn't much.
Okay, all right.
I think we've done our due diligence at this point.
Collaborate teen, I think, is the standout.
So I think we can officially say it at this point that this year,
the year of our Lord 2018, has been re-dubbed Collaborate teen.
And you don't gotta do this today.
Who is our Lord that was born 20,018 or whatever years ago?
What Lord are we referencing here?
The one true Lord, Jesus of Nazareth.
Oh, wow.
Okay, I thought there was gonna be a joke in there.
There's no joke.
There's only Jesus of Nazareth, King of Kings and Lord of Lords.
The true Christian God.
A strange twist of a strange sort of, okay.
Is this our ICP twist?
Yeah.
The lamb, guys, the lamb.
The big one, the big guy.
So we should make it clear.
Jesus.
Yeah, you don't gotta do this today.
Emmanuel.
Him, all right.
You don't gotta do this right now.
I feel like that's the problem with our mottos is people are like,
it's January 2, I need to start zacking right now.
And you get burned out and you don't follow through.
It's just, think about it.
Think about what you could do.
That could be improved with the help of another person.
And how you can help them.
That's what it's all about.
This is how I see it working best, right?
This is how I think all of our years should be implemented moving forward.
I think that this is something that when you find yourself in a situation, right?
Where you would normally say no, or you would normally do something by yourself,
or you would normally, whatever.
And I want you to hear in your head, collaborating.
Mm-hmm.
And you say, no, you know what?
I could use some help.
Thank you for asking.
Don't be afraid to reach out.
That's what I'm saying.
So like that, I don't want it to be like, okay, guess I gotta go.
I don't want you to have to feel that way.
You can if you want to.
But instead, I want this to be that little, you know,
the pebble in the stream that just changes the current a little bit for you.
Perfect.
Right?
That's how I think it is most actionable as a gentle guide to your year.
I would love to collaborate with you two, Jags, to do the podcast that we do sometimes.
Oh, okay.
Sheesh.
Kind of rushing it, but let's get into it.
It's been 20 minutes.
We take your questions and turn them back into wisdom.
It's an advice show, as you almost certainly guessed.
My friend is kind of an awkward guy when he doesn't know how to reply in a text,
tweet, post, or chat.
He will throw in a random emoji.
I think he thinks it's funny, but it's not.
At best, it grinds the conversation to a halt and force the other person to pivot awkwardly
because it doesn't make any sense.
At worst, the emoji he chooses end up being kind of insulting.
For instance, today I asked him would I should get a mutual friend for their birthday
and he replied with a snoring emoji, which was super rude.
I told him off and he didn't get why I was mad because it was just a random choice for him.
How can I teach him the art of emoji use, or even better, get him to stop?
And that's from Exhausted by Emojis.
I think 2018, collaborate, stronger together, pull the world out of orbit is all very important.
But I would love to have sort of a secondary thing going on where we ban the use of the
word emoji and we try to find a different word for these little guys because-
Icons.
Icons is good.
Face cons.
Tiny pictures.
Tiny pics.
Little guys.
Are you worried because emojis sound so much like emotions that some people might be confused
that emojis is new teen slang for emotions as I was back in 2013?
Absolutely.
This is a, boy, what a-
I'll tell you the problem.
The problem here is clearly the emojis being chosen, excuse me, the tiny pics being chosen
are not random enough.
Like, what should we get our friend for a birthday?
You're going to want to use that little, like the cable car that hangs from the wire
that goes between Mountain Chalet and Switchwood, right?
That's random.
No one's ever going to get offended by Skytram car.
It drives me crazy when the keyboard on my iPhone tries to auto complete with a picture.
Like I type in bread and it meant like, did you mean a picture of bread?
And it suggests that to me like, no, I actually didn't.
I'm kind of 37 years old, so I'm just going to keep using words for now.
The last thing I want is the person on the receiving end of this shopping list to have
to solve a fucking rebus to know what I need from the store.
It's ridiculous.
And that is what this person-
I get having social anxiety and even in sort of telecom scenarios, definitely.
Because my go-to is just not responding at all.
And I don't know what is worse in this situation, not responding
or responding with this sort of random sort of piece of art for them to interpret.
Because I think that's even a little bit more annoying than just like,
oh, well, Griffin's anxious and not responding to this.
My worldview on all this really shifted when I found out one of the emojis means dick.
And I think after that moment, I really had to start getting more careful.
I mean, you can't randomly choose emojis when one of them means penis.
And one means butt.
Yeah, the peach one is a fanny.
So what I'm confused about is how Eggplant got picked for this and not the hot dog.
Did we have a vote?
I don't remember voting on this.
Is the hot dog emoji just a loose hot dog or is it not in a bun?
No, it's on a bun, but I mean, you get the idea.
I would have thought it'd be banana or a cucumber.
The problem is hot dogs come up in conversation all the time.
I'm very rarely talking about eggplant,
but I can't have a conversation about ballpark snacks where people think that I'm being weird.
You want to go to the game and get a penis.
I guess the context does help there.
But I guess you don't really use the word eggplant as much as you use hot dog.
And that is me.
Unless you live in Italy and where they eat those dang little purple guys all the dang time.
And you think over there, people are texting just like, yo, why are you talking to your own mom about dick?
And it's like, no, it's about dinner tonight because we are eating an eggplant parmesan.
It would also probably be a problem if you're just a huge fan of Captain N
and you're just like constantly recounting-
Jesus Christ, Travis.
What's wrong?
What happened, Griffin?
It's just, that's a very obscure reference, my boy.
I would like to go back in time now and watch the Captain N cartoons
and think of King Eggplant.
What was he?
Eggplant Wizard.
Eggplant Wizard is a penis.
Yeah.
As a representative, excuse me, as a metaphor for a penis.
It's actually from Kid Icarus, which I get.
When you think look at it that way, it's an angel just blasting dongs nonstop,
which maybe that game had more sort of heavy religious undertones than we gave it credit for.
I actually think you guys, Kid Dicarus.
I really feel bad for Eggplant Wizard the day he found out about the whole penis thing.
Because that's like-
That's my whole brand.
Like his whole brand's kind of wrecked.
He's got an eggplant like on the end of his staff.
Like that's ridiculous now.
And you know, there was probably a delay too where he was just like,
I don't know what this new surge in popularity has been.
What's that?
Oh, well, I'm a penis now.
Shed a tear for the ice climbers who are climbing this whole dang mountain
when they get to the top to get the penis emoji at the top of it.
And they didn't own that.
That wasn't their choice.
So should we talk about something accessible?
Yes, please.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, that sounds good.
I need to tell you guys something about Yahoo right now on January 1st, 2018.
Um, it's fucked.
The website is full-blown Y2K Colonel Panic fucked up bad.
Is this gonna be the year we lose it, you think?
If this is any indication, then the website has crossed the event horizon down the internet drain.
Because I'm looking at it now, all the elements on the page are aligned in a single column,
meaning they're all just on top of each other, meaning I can't read a lot of it.
Which was difficult.
I had to like pick questions that didn't have a lot of additional details.
Wait, and this was like all of the questions?
Everything.
The website.
It's fucking gone.
Y2K hit it 18 years late.
It's fucked up bad.
So I have a question here that I'm very drawn to because I can't read any of the additional
details about it.
And with that in mind, I want to dive into this one.
Abby sent it in.
Thank you, Abby.
It's from, I don't know, it's covered up.
But it's asked by a person who's named, I'll call them Rinaldo, asks,
Can I eat twice at Denny's?
What does this mean?
Does this mean can I eat there twice in one week or twice in one day?
Or how I like to interpret it, you've just ordered and completely eaten either on a dare
or voluntarily, you know, a Denny's egg mess.
And then they say, here's your check and you pay it.
And they bring it back and they say, all right, you have a nice day.
And you say, actually, hold on a minute.
I think I'd like to go again.
Yeah.
I think I'd like to go again.
And you can walk me back up to the host table and walk me back down to either this seat
or a different seat if you'd like to.
But I think I'd like to do a Denny's again.
Can I go one more again?
One more again, please.
One more again?
I'm wondering why not just order two entrees in the same.
Nah, it's twice at the Denny's.
Bring me the check for round one and then let's fire it up again.
And let's see.
And I want to compare and contrast, you know, certain elements of service.
I might, do you order the same dish again and just check their consistency?
Because at Denny's, when you get the egg mess, I imagine consistency is not
a top bullet point sort of strength there.
When you guys go out to eat and you order, right?
And the server person takes away your menu.
Do you ever feel this moment of completely irrational panic when they take the menu away?
Every single time.
Every single time.
Especially if they have, this kills me, when they have a lot of fun cocktails in there.
Actually, I'm going to drink more.
So go ahead and leave that with the table place.
Or, you know, cool pictures of food and people eating them that I might just want to enjoy
during my meal.
And recreate.
And recreate with my great friends.
Especially if they have a lengthy dessert section in the menu.
And I'm just like, but I don't know if I want that yet.
Okay, so we'll have that right out.
Let me grab your menus.
Well, hold on a moment because I seem to have fallen in love with one of the people inside
the menu.
And I need to, I would love to have them here with me, dining with me.
I'm going to cut them out and Larsen the real girl them.
Do you have the contact info for your menu models?
Do you think it's because they don't want you to compare the pictures of the food?
That is definitely it, that's 100% it.
Absolutely.
I mean, if you should just accept that if you're eating at a restaurant with pictures
of the food in the menu, it ain't going to look like that.
They're not going to get it right.
They're not going to do that good.
It's ironic, isn't it?
Yeah.
It is.
They are always off-put when you're like, well, actually, I'm going to hold on.
Oh, you're going to.
Oh, okay.
Okay, well, I guess.
Okay, well, I'm going to have to check with my manager.
And here you'd need to because you need to plan for round two during round one.
I'd like to do Applebee's again.
They should really have enough menus for everybody to enjoy a menu while they're at the restaurant.
Why don't they have enough for everyone?
This one's mine.
You borrowed it to me for the entirety of my meal.
Well, I'll tell you.
Before anybody tweets to this, having worked in the restaurant industry is because people
are horrible monsters.
And if you leave their menu with them, they will inevitably get food in it and stuff and
ruin the menu.
That's why so many menus are laminated.
But that's my fucking right.
That is my God-given right.
Inalienable.
Given to me in the Bible to ruin the menus at the restaurants I go to.
What about this?
Print it off.
Piece of paper, right?
When you hand it to someone, when you sit them down at the table and you hand it to
them, you say, that's yours to keep.
Yeah, yuck it up.
Here's yours.
Here's three crayons.
It says Todd at the top.
That's yours.
Here's three crayons.
Have fun.
Go to town.
And you know when you see kids menus that do do this.
Travis, by the way, you've just invented kids menus.
And you see them coloring on it and not really engaging in conversation with everybody else
at the table.
You know, you look at them like, damn, that looks fun.
Damn, that looks good.
They got this whole activity there to do.
Oh, I love, I love that activity.
I never doodle and I never do little jumbles.
I would love to do a jumble right now.
How good?
Talking about my, you know, my friend, how it's going at work.
How good would it be if people started like awkward dinner conversation and you looked
up like, uh, I'm halfway through my maze.
So just pump the brakes.
You're going to have to circle back.
A thing which I cannot do because I keep running into all these dead ends.
We're so off topic about double, double time.
Double food.
Can you?
Yes.
Should you?
Yes.
Next question.
Can you, do you have to go to the back of the line?
Or can you, like, do you get preferential treatment because you're very, you're kind
of a repeat.
I feel like if there's a line long enough that you have to wait, you might talk yourself
out of it while you're in the line.
I can't imagine how I would feel as a Denny's employee if a customer finished.
Oh, thank you very much.
Oh, sorry, Bill.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
Stood outside silently, but like mouthing the words counted to 60 and then walked back
in and said, like, one for Denny's, please.
Like, I think I just called the police.
Yeah, for everybody in the situation, that would probably be the best sort of outcome.
Do you think Denny themselves would show up at that point and say, like, you've done
it, you've solved my puzzle.
The Empire is yours.
Now you're in charge of Denny's.
You know, the story about the boy who got all of the Denny's he wanted.
Yeah, they get his stomach pumped.
You didn't finish your first egg mess.
You get nothing.
Good day, sir.
My big worry would be that the freshest big boy would be watching from across the street.
Like, that's painful.
It hurt enough that you went one time over to Denny's, but he knows that you're full
now.
Like, you don't even want to come see what I have to offer.
I thought I was your big boy.
I thought I was your big boy, you said.
You said I was your big boy.
The other night, I ripped my pants at a local bar.
That's not me, Justin, talking, although it very well could be.
Except for me being at a bar, I guess.
I stayed until the end of the event I was watching.
How much do you have to rip your pants to leave immediately?
Is this a condition that you can, quote, pull off?
And that's from Split Decision in KC.
Hmm.
Man, I don't want to get too Andy Rooney on it, but like, I've seen pants in all kinds
of different states of both array and disarray, and just not question the fact that it was
like a legitimate style decision.
And so I feel like I'm not the best person to ask this question, but I do want to state
that right now, and last night at the New Year's Eve event, I am and was wearing my
ripped pants I ripped on an episode of My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
I can't let these things go.
I love them.
I'll never let go.
When did you tear them?
When he was trying to pull his pocket out.
I was trying to pull my pocket out.
I tore the pants, and this is a small hole, and I think that's acceptable.
Although you can, if you look very closely, see me on these.
The question stands, how far would you have to rip your pants?
Rip your pants before just sitting down until you're done isn't an option.
Well if it's on your butt, you can sit down for as long as you want, because that's where
the butt is.
I don't know if you know that, Trav, but the butt is on the back, and it's where the seat
goes.
That's a great point about where the butt is.
That is where the butt is, you are right.
The butt's on the back, and that's also where a chair goes, so.
I think my pants would have to rip from my waistband above my butt all the way around
to the waistband at the front.
It's gonna have to, Travis is right, it's gonna have to be a logistical issue.
It's going to have to be a cold comfort issue.
If it is no longer comfortable because you're letting too much of the elements outside,
inside, and your shit's not freshness locked, then I think it's probably time to get up
and go.
Right, if they've become chaps.
Yes.
If at any point they become chaps and you didn't make that decision before you left
the house, then it's probably time to get in the car and go home.
You know, I was actually thinking about this because, like, now since having a baby and
carrying around a diaper bag that has, like, changes of clothing and stuff in it, I thought
about, like, why do we ever give that up?
Like, why do we ever give up, like, having a backpack that's just like, yeah, at any
given time, I have another pair of pants and another shirt in there, just like, whenever.
Right?
Like, my life becomes way more rough and tumble the older I get, it seems.
Does it?
No.
What's going on?
No, come on, you can't just say a bunch of shit.
I eat a lot of strawberries and I just can't really do them, you know?
All right, so Travis is a big yucky brown bear just making a mess in the brambleberry patch.
This is not the first time we've had a question about someone ripping their pants.
I'm like, what do I do now?
And the thing is, I understand this because this happened to me once when I was working
at Best Buy, and I ripped my khakis, and I had this moment of like, well, here I am.
Well, then let me suggest this, instead of a backpack you carry around everywhere, which
that's an issue, because somebody's like, uh-oh, Travis's backpack looks a little bit
thinner, so I'm wondering what happened.
They're going to assume it was a dookie mistake, and you don't maybe necessarily want to own
that.
Instead of that, a backpack that you carry around everywhere, because a lot of places
won't let you in with a backpack, because they think you're a thief, and they won't
say that to your face, but I will.
Instead of a backpack, what about a series of dead drops located in some of your most
frequent haunts?
So your local bar's a great place for this, because local bar dookie mistakes probably
aren't even the number one thing here.
There's drink spills.
Drink spilled.
Nacho cheese whoopsies, maybe, perhaps.
Some escaped cherry from some sort of beverage.
Oh, the bartender was doing a frickin' trick, and the cherries went and landed right on
your pants, and it makes it look like a nasty stain, and so you go to the dead drop that
you have in the bathroom duct taped to the back of the toilet chamber, like in Godfather,
but instead of pulling a revolver out that you'll use to kill two men, you pull out just
new pants.
That you use to kill two men.
No, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
No, wait, sorry.
Don't kill with your pants.
This is my work.
This is my place, and then under this one particular box of this one, you know, household
device that I know nobody ever uses, nobody's ever gonna buy one of these things, this jalopy,
it's just full of new pants that I can use in case of a stain.
If I was gonna do it, I would do this for underwear, because I think that the odds of
me ruining underwear are immensely higher.
Well, they're the first line of defense, right?
Right, they're the 300 phalanx protecting the captain of pants.
I think it would ease a lot of anxiety on my part if I knew that if my day was sort
of run a little long, and I needed a little get up and go, the ability to just throw on
some clean undies, I think would be huge for just my whole mental state.
Oh, okay, I'm gonna pitch this, because this is what I think I would both need and
appreciate it most. From now on, whenever I attend some sort of convention, I'm gonna
duct tape a fresh pair of me undies and socks somewhere in the convention for next year,
and then I'll just know that they're there.
I mean, why fucking stop there? New undies, new socks, a, like, nourishing face mask that
you can just, like, get in the toilet stall and just, like, plop that on, and a little,
maybe, like, a little, you know, five-hour energy drink, or actually something that is
good, something good equivalent.
Like a bottle of water?
A bottle of water that you can use to just sort of freshen up, and then you come out,
and you're just a new person. Hello! How's it, wow, you seem, what's, must've had a great
bathroom trip. You could say that. Are you talking about a big shit you took? I don't
know. I'll never tell.
Why are you winking at the camera? Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
Wink, wink!
Care package secured. Wink.
Self-care package.
Self-care package.
That's what we call it.
Now, at this point-
Where would you guys hide? Where would you guys hide? We're all pretty homebodies at
this point in our life trajectories. Where would you drop your dead drop?
Upstairs.
That's a bad-
What a lot of flexibility that would give to my day, huh? Don't you think?
Whoa, look out. I don't know, probably, like, in the CVG airport. I tend to be there a lot,
like, in the max and almost.
That airport is such a- Oh my god, Travis. Seed them across every airport in this great
country of ours. Every time I fly to a new airport, the Atlanta airport, I have the Nashville
airport with its long layovers. I have never been in the Nashville airport and not wanted
new underwear.
Okay, let's walk through it. Hi, excuse me. Yes, my name is Travis McElroy. This is my
license. I'm looking for a discreet location in the airport where I can duct tape a mysterious
package to.
It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission on this specific one. They don't gotta know.
Listen, the level of discretion, Justin, yes, there's a challenge there. I'm gonna have
to. But, I think it's possible. Let me suggest this.
You can't just skip out halfway out of a sentence when you do not have an ending to
the sentence. You can't get around to talking about circumventing airport security measures.
I know that there are places where you can, like, there are places in airports where you
can, like, rent. Basically, it's like a tiny hotel room for, like, an hour to nap in.
What are you talking about?
This is the thing. This is not in every airport.
Yeah, it's a thing. Yeah. Yeah, little micro hotels in the airport.
I think maybe there's, like, a locker in there. If that exists, I could do that.
Is this what the American Airlines Admirals Club is? Like, if I went into the adm- if
I ever got behind those glistening doors, would I just find dozens of duct tape underwear
to the wall for rich-
Well, the original name was the American Airlines Clean Butt Experience.
Why don't you go to Shoe Shine? Go to Shoe Shine, slip them a hundo,
just say, I need to keep something here, and then you'll be arrested.
Okay. Damn it. I think that there's something to this, though, because I think you could
make this, like, a form of geocaching where it's, like, take some underpants, leave some underpants.
Oh, Travis. I hadn't even considered the act of, you know, take a penny, need a penny.
Right? Like, you open up an app on your phone, and it is like, do you need fresh socks? Cool.
20 feet to your right, go down that alley.
All it would take is one, and I don't want to get too blue here, but Bad Apple, who puts
some maybe less than clean stuff in there, and then it's the- it spoils the bunch.
One Bad Apple, if you will.
I mean, you put literally a bad rotten apple in the bag of dead drop underwear,
and it's- none of it's going to be wearable.
Well, that is the thing. Like, it's- no matter how good you are at hiding this stuff,
it's always going to be a risk if you start counting on it.
Yeah.
Where it's just like, you know what? I don't even have to worry about this,
because I know I got that underpants over there.
But if you can't count on it, there's no point in this.
No, it's there if you need it, and it's like, oh, thank God this worked. But you can't take
it for granted that it's going to be there. You can't be like, well, I have to pee,
but rather than find a bathroom, I'm just going to, like, burn this one.
This is just a burner underpants.
This is it.
You can't do that.
Collaborate team. You have underpants, leave underpants. Maybe just start doing this.
Next time you're at the airport, you pack too many underwear, and you're leaving.
You're not coming back, because then all your stuff's done.
But you got a fresh pair, you don't need it, just hide it somewhere.
And put that energy out there in the universe. It's a secret. They'll come back to you.
You won't want them to.
Could you start, could you do this mobily? Could you have, could we have some buttons
made up that are like, just ask me, I've got them, and then a picture of a wink,
and people see that button, and they know that you're packing undies for them.
Yeah.
Ooh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
That's a good conversation, too.
You're the one with the underwear for me, right?
No. A lot of us have red carnations, so.
So, we should have talked about it more before we started.
Hey, let's take a break and go over to the Money Zone.
Do you think everybody's going to think that we're messy underwear boys, though?
Because I just worry that we talked about it for like 20 minutes,
and people are going to think we're just sort of messy underwear boys.
We've been doing this show like 369 times, something like that.
They, if they wanted to build a case file against our messy underwear abilities,
they would have plenty of evidence to compile a very compelling case.
So, tell me about Casper Trapp.
I traveled out of the last like 10 days, nine of them,
and I missed sleeping on my Casper mattress so much.
Not only emotionally and mentally, but physically.
My body craved that Casper comfort.
I miss it so much.
And like, this is not a joke- As somebody who you spent three of those days with,
thank you very much.
Listen, I love you, and I love my in-laws, and I traveled to LA,
and I love my friends, and I love my co-workers and shit.
But not, I don't love any of you as much as I love my Casper mattress.
I'm sorry.
My Casper mattress is my closest and dearest friend.
He's always there for me, wrapping his loving arms around me.
I love him, and it's so comfortable.
Oh, it's the best. It's the best. I love it.
Do you want to talk about how people can secure their own Casper-
What are you doing?
Oh, we have an ad.
Oh, I was just talking about how much I love my Casper mattress.
Well, Casper mattresses combine multiple supportive memory foams
for quality sleep service with the right amounts of both sink and bounce,
and sounds and bing.
And you can be sure of your Casper purchase with 100 nights risk-free sleep on it trial.
So start sleeping ahead of the curve with Casper.
Get $50 towards any mattress purchases by visiting casper.com slash my brother
and using the promo code, my brother, all one word at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
I want to tell you about stamps.com.
Can I tell you about stamps.com?
Because we're a podcast and we're the only ones that are going to tell you
the truth about stamps.com.
And here it comes.
It brings you all the amazing services of the US Postal Service right to your computer.
And that's the dang truth about it.
You can just use your computer and you can print out any official US postage
for any letter of package, any class of mail.
And you let the mailman pick it up.
No leaving the office, no lugging mail to the post office, no more hassle.
It's super convenient.
It's great.
Sometimes maybe you don't have time to leave the house and go, you know, run errands.
And so with stamps.com, they bring the errands to you, which, God, I wish that literally
this service was offered for, like, everything I have to do in my life.
I can't say that, but it pretty much is.
We're getting there.
I was going to say, it's 2018.
Yeah.
Yeah, right now you too can enjoy the stamps.com service with a special offer that includes
a four-week trial plus postage and a digital scale.
Are you ready for a happier new year?
Well, I hope so.
Just go to stamps.com and click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in my
brother.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
I love to mail shit.
Yeah, cool, cool, cool.
I'm getting pretty excited about this.
I'm signing up right now.
Are you?
Are you really?
Is that why you're not reading the Jumbotron?
Yeah, hold on, I'll get back to it.
Okay.
News Goblins is a weekly podcast focused on hard news, not hard news, nerd news.
I mean, it is hard.
It is challenging sometimes.
Challenging nerds.
Hard nerds get swole with these hard nerds, nerd news, nerd culture, nerd relationships,
and maybe goblins.
News Goblins is hosted by Jared and Leslie Anderson, real, live, married weirdos with
graduate degrees in writing and publishing credits in places like Asimov's, Drabblecast,
and Escape Pod.
Jared and Leslie are curious, silly, creative professionals who love to discuss serious
and not-so-serious topics with a mix of humor and insight.
You can find out more at newsgoblins.com.
Or on iTunes.
Just search iTunes for News Goblins.
Yeah, I got another message here from Clayton, and it's for Yoshi, Eli, and Ruggles.
Hell yeah.
Those are some choice names all around.
Told you I'd get one.
Got a little hard there.
Anyway, congrats on being the coolest group of people ever and inspiring me to create
every single day.
Collaborate team.
Collaborate team, there it is.
Here's to another year of talking to bears, gambling with goblins, and going to Bangor
for chicken wings.
I love you, time traveler boy, stab child, and Yoshi, but spelled with a B emoji.
And as always, Rudy dies.
I'm pretty sure it's Bangor, Maine.
Bangor just does not trip off the tongue in the same way.
I bet they have a lot of fun with that turn of phrase up there though, like it's a
Bangor, get it, it's our town kind of.
Boy, I'd love to go eat some chicken wings.
That's my main takeaway from this sweet message.
We have one more message.
This is for Claire, and it's from Ivy.
It says, Claire, I need to tell you something.
I'm gay.
I know this is sudden.
I'm not sure if you suspected when you proposed to me.
I look forward to building a forge in our backyard where we'll create powerful silverware
and other sacred artifacts to pass down to our children.
I love you.
This is the fucking best.
There is very little punctuation in this message, which makes it reads like a very energetic.
It's a lot of sort of thoughts and ideas crammed into this message, and I adore it.
Knowing the speed at which people had to operate to get a Jumbotron in 2018, I think we're
going to see a lot of fucking radical stream of consciousness Jumbotrons this year.
Becomings like slam poetry.
SF Sketch Fest is just around the corner, January 11th to 28th, and there will be plenty
of max fun shells there to represent.
We're bringing Judge John Hodgman on the 11th, Jordan Jesse Goh with special guest
Andy Richter on the 12th, Schmanners on the 14th.
We got this with Mark and Hal also on the 14th.
The Greatest Generation and Friendly Fire podcast super show on the 17th.
Pop Rocket host Guy Branham's talk show The Game Show on the 19th, and One Bad Mother
on the 21st.
You can learn more about these shows and get tickets at maximumfun.org slash SF Sketch
Fest 18.
Get your tickets now.
How about a Yahoo?
Yep.
Okay, again, it's fucked up really bad.
It was sent in by Level 9000 Yajuru Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew, and it's from, I don't know, but I'm going to call this one.
Esther asks, who do you think will win in a fight, your mailman or your garbage man?
Let's just gender neutralize this and mail carrier or sanitation worker, I guess.
Yes.
These two have been obviously beefing for a long, long time, and it's a secret war,
kind of like the underworld movies or the Twilight movies where the vampires and lycanthropes
are sort of at each other's throats.
There is a secret war constantly going on, and read literally any book or Google it or
whatever, but the mail carriers of our country and the sanitation workers of our country.
Secret underground war fought at night, and nobody sees it.
Nobody knows about it except for us now.
Also, just real quick, it's 420 right now, so we're recording.
I'm just trying to observe it.
Okay, can you hear us?
Blaze one out.
The secret war between mail, and I have a really hard time putting my finger on what
the solution, because I think there's more mail carriers, right?
So they have the personnel advantage here, but we cannot discount the sanitation workers,
big, powerful, and sometimes automated trucks.
Yes, that's exactly what I was going to say.
They are literally driving like tanks.
Yeah, they got tanks, and the mail carriers, though, they do have everything that's ever
been mailed to use as weaponry in their proud fight, and God knows that I've bought a bunch
of swords on Amazon.com, and so they've got those working for them, but the trash ones
have all the swords I've thrown away, which is a considerable amount, because I can't
have 200 freaking swords in my house.
That's true.
Garbage carriers will have accessible swords, because they'll know they've been cataloging
sort of where the swords are, but every sword that they have access to has been discarded
for unneeded swords.
The mail carriers are going to have to guess at which boxes hold new swords, so a lot of
times they're going to get a baguette or something that someone has mailed in a sword
box as a joke.
Well, and not only that, but your mail carrier is going to have access to everything that's
been sent to you, but your garbage carrier or garbage sanitation worker is going to have
access to everything you're ashamed of and are trying to get rid of.
You're suggesting that they could blackmail you somehow.
Well, if we're looking at this not as like a one-v-one war, but rather more like when
the sun and the wind tried to figure out who's more powerful to see if they could get the
human to take their jacket off.
That's not what this is.
That's not what this is, and that makes me uncomfortable.
They're not fighting for us.
Whichever side wins, we lose.
That is a weird sort of like neoconservative fantasy, but that I do not espouse.
This is, and they've got their reasons, and it has nothing to do with us.
They got their own reasons, they got their own inspirations for this battle, and it's
just a big, big street fight, and they're doing it at night, in the dark hour, when
none of us can see it, or underground, and that's all there is to it, and I just, I'm
so torn, and I'm so sad that Yahoo is so deeply fucked up, because I see little teases
and hints at the great comments in here that I can't read all of, but here's a fragment.
AIDS and diesel fumes all day and never gets out of his truck.
The vehicle does the actual work.
I don't know which one that's talking about, because both have trucks that they
ride around in a lot.
Somebody says, a switchblade or a butterfly.
What could that possibly mean?
But we'll never know, because Yahoo's all garbled.
Do you know that both garbage trucks and mail trucks both dispatch from the exact same place?
Is that true?
They return to the same place, and there's a lot of tension in the air as they all clock.
It's like that scene where the wolf and the sheepdog are both clocking in, and they're
like, another day at the office, right?
But then, out there on the streets, it's war.
That makes a lot of sense, because there was one time I opened up my mailbox, and there
was a stinky banana peel and two old bottles in there, and I looked, and my mail was in
the garbage can.
The garbage, the sanitation workers can take the mail away from the mail carriers and throw
it in their trucks, and then it's trash.
And I think that's a huge power play.
It's a huge advantage.
It's a huge power play, because you can't, the mail carrier can't take the trash away
and put it in a box and put a stamp on it.
I mean, they can, but at great personal expense.
But it's nothing like the power play of like, oh, you just delivered those.
Cool, cool, cool.
Let me just, and then swipe them.
It's a federal crime, but like, are you going to get in the truck to find them?
Find the evidence?
I don't think so.
Gosh, we can't, we cannot discount the garbage truck's huge automated crushing arms.
It's huge, you can't get rid of a body, get rid of whatever.
Well, or get rid of a living person, because that arm grabs you.
If it gets its hand on a person, I think you're already dead.
Like, do you know what I mean?
Like, once the grabbing process of that huge trash arm has got you, you're pretty much
done already.
There is no exit, because it basically lowers you into the big trash mouth.
It's like the people who say like, when you fall off a mountain or something, you die
before you hit the ground, you have like a heart attack.
Yeah, yeah, you're dead as soon as that arm gets its hand on you, because it will not.
There is no forgiveness, there is no escape, you know, emergency eject button, probably.
Yeah, my mail carrier, I saw him with a big sack of packages, carrying it up to my porch.
I'm like, I think it was probably about five days before Christmas.
I was like, hey, hanging in there, and he said, I'm just living for the 26th.
It's like, man, cool, happy holidays to you too, my friend.
Well, damn, I didn't even think about that.
There's a week here or so where the mail carrier is gonna have their hands full, and by which
I mean literally full of holiday deliverables, and not necessarily a Glaive or a Halberd.
And I feel like the sanitation worker doesn't necessarily have that same, yes, obviously
they're dealing with maybe more boxes or whatever, but I don't think they're gonna be at as much
of a disadvantage.
The first trash day after Christmas, I ruined my sanitation workers with just a number of
pink boxes that are just unfathomable to me.
I wish I could have looked at my trash like eight years ago and just be like, no, no,
no, really, I promise.
You're gonna carry all of this out, I swear to you, seriously.
Oh, shit, okay.
I've always wondered about it, because sometimes when you order something from Amazon, the
item is in a box already, but then Amazon puts it in another box.
I hate that.
But what if that's just the mail carriers fucking with the sanitation workers?
Like, guys, I put it in another box.
That would have been two boxes.
It's probably where this beef got started.
Yeah, absolutely.
Stop with all the boxes.
Just put a stamp on this vacuum cleaner.
Don't even put it in a box.
Just put a stamp on it, mail it, it's fine.
They're gonna take it out of the box anyway.
This is probably one of the main causes, and also the assassination of the Duke of Trash.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nobody wants to talk about it.
Nobody even talks about it, but it sent ripples and really caused this huge scuffle.
How about another question?
Yeah, I'm spending some of my holiday at my grandparents' house, and I'm pretty drunk.
Cool, thank you.
I went into the cold room.
What?
I went into the cold room to refill my drink.
What's a cold room?
The cellar?
What is a cold room?
Sorry, we can't continue the question right now.
What is a cold room?
What is a cold room?
It's a cold, it is just a cold room.
It's like a cold room in the basement.
Okay, this is like a Northerner thing.
It's like a root cellar.
A room in the back of the basement that was naturally chilly.
We put bins of potatoes from the garden in there, and they kept all winter.
It's like a big fridge.
It's like the, you know, the refreshment zone at a gas station.
It's like a big fridge that sometimes ruins everything you put in there.
Okay, fine.
Okay, so I went into the cold room to refill my drink, and I saw a gun.
It's my granddad's old air rifle, and while it looks like it hasn't been used for ages,
it seems in good repair, and also it looks really cool.
So I check it out, figure out how to load it and cock it, but not how to uncock it.
So I ended up pulling the trigger just to uncock it.
After all, it had spider webs all over it.
It won't be loaded.
Bad logic there.
You have made so many issues already.
Crack, and there's a hole in my granny's wall.
I put the gun back, take my drink, and now I'm sat in the living room with my mom, dad,
sister, and granny watching the end of Skyfall.
It's been 20 minutes since I've punched a hole straight through the cold room.
How do I break the news?
And that's from Naughty Not Nice in Newcastle.
I mean, I'll say.
That's pretty naughty, bud.
Let's just go ahead and preface this by saying, just preface whatever we're about to say.
Don't play with guns.
Don't play with guns drunk in a house that's not-
No story has ever begun.
So I was playing with this gun and aided with, and nothing happened and everything was fine.
Don't play with guns.
Even if it's an air rifle, it's still a bad time for you.
Clearly, you punched a hole in the cold room.
Yeah, ain't gonna stay cold for long.
It's a lot of bad potatoes.
Or you have just made the cold room larger by sharing the cold with whatever bigger room
is containing the smaller cold room.
Possibly.
Yeah, I guess maybe it is a, yeah, I guess it's a-
Northern UK maybe?
Okay, the thing where I found it being a northern thing is on a website, the subtitle for which
is Everything About Old English Sheep Dogs.
So who's to say the veracity?
You have broken every rule of gun usage.
Number one is, of course, don't.
But number two, right after that is like, it's always loaded.
You treat it like it's always loaded.
It's a dangerous thing.
What's wrong with you?
Especially when you are.
Treat it like it's loaded when you are.
Jesus.
Yeah, we're having a lot of fun here, but there's also a part of this question that
scares the living shit out of me.
Yeah.
So let's, I don't know how to get past that and get into the fun zone, necessarily.
He did say air rifle, right?
I don't understand.
Should that be able to put a whole, I guess it would, huh?
It obviously has.
It did.
It did, huh?
Let's not pretend like we have any idea what a cold dream is made out of.
It might be rice paper.
I don't know.
You seem efficient, but you're right.
You have to say, I mean, you've got to say something.
James Bond did it.
James, you blame it on James Bond.
I mean, you blame it on whoever you want to blame it on.
We're talking about a lot of spoiled potatoes if I'm going off of this Old English Sheep
Dog website.
You're talking about a lot of-
Which is the new Yahoo.
Yeah, I'll get off Yahoo and go to oes.org, the Old English Sheep Dog information hub.
It's a lot of bad potatoes, and you can't do that to your grams.
So you've got to speak up.
Now, who do you blame it on?
Travis suggests James Bond.
I do not dislike this.
You could say it's a new TV technology.
It's the 4D like Captain EO, but instead of spraying water in your face, when James Bond
shoots a gun, bullets do come out of the TV.
And one, thankfully, you should be fortunate it only destroyed your cold room.
You could blame it on your granddad.
Blame it on your granddad.
Blame it on an Old English Sheep Dog.
Wait, is granddad still in the picture?
Granddad is not in the room watching Skyfall.
Maybe he's upstairs doing something else.
In another area of the cold room, just wait.
We also don't know how big the cold room is.
One of those Christmas carols.
Are there any of the Christmas carol ghosts that would have done this?
Because I know that they're in the UK.
You know Present.
You know Present would fuck around with an air rifle like,
Oh ho ho, I'm fucked up.
Look at the stunts I can do with this gun.
I feel so good because I'm holding a gun.
Like, yo dude, you need to calm down a little bit.
Don't tell me what to do.
I'm in charge now.
Oh god.
My brothers and sisters have no scoped here for ages and now I am here to play with-
Everyone has told me how great it is to play with guns.
This is ignorance and this is want and their KD ratio is a joke.
Now I have an air rifle.
Ho ho ho.
Now which movie are we doing now?
That was Die Hard.
That one was Die Hard and it was a little on the nose.
Can you find some way to create a locked room mystery?
Because if you can't blame it on somebody, blame it on the unsolvable mystery.
Although you gotta be careful because Sherlock will roll up.
Sherlock will roll up in this one.
You got Sherlock and Poirot up in your neck of the woods.
You gotta be careful.
Then you gotta pit them against each other and that's the only way you win.
Locked room mystery is gonna be tricky though.
You're gonna have to get a wire in through the small hole you've created in the wall
and use it to lock the door.
That's a pretty easy locked room mystery.
You're gonna need a block of ice to melt but that's gonna be hard to do in the cold room.
Yeah, it's true.
It's gonna take a while.
Can you stick a bit of gum in there?
Stick a bit of chewy.
Little ducky tape?
Little ducky tape or a little bit of chewy and you're fine.
You're probably not fine.
Listen.
Don't play with guns.
We've had a lot of fun here.
I think this is actually a very important thing for the three of us to do.
Question asker, naughty not nice in Newcastle.
We had a lot of fun with your question.
I need you to go get a chair.
Go ahead and put it in the corner, facing the corner.
I need you to sit right there in the chair for 15 minutes.
Pause the podcast.
You're in timeout.
We are literally putting you, I'm assuming an adult, right in timeout.
15 minutes, sit right there.
What you did was quite bad and we had a lot of fun with the question but we shouldn't have
because what you did was a bad thing.
Go timeout.
Take a picture from the corner and email it to us on the same thread so we know it's you.
We're going to be doing some punishments here in 2018.
So that's going to be one of our new things is like if you, okay, all right.
If you write in a question to us, you need to accept that you might get a legally binding
punishment and we're going to be punishing some people this year for getting out of line
and kind of upsetting the apple cart a little bit and it sounds like you've
earned our first punishment of 2018.
Naughty, not nice in Newcastle.
So go to the corner and think about what you did.
Set a timer on your phone.
Oh, I swear to God, if you get on your phone and you play your flappy bird or a game or
you get on Twitter, no.
Put your phone away after you set the timer on it.
Set it down and you just think about it.
I would also say that you could, if you owned the entire thing and then fix the hole in
the cold room, I think that would be acceptable too.
Not only that, and not to glorify this at all, but that is also a good way to then actually
earn a few points because like not only were you honest, but you took care of the problem
and you fixed it and you admitted it.
That is a good, responsible thing to do that almost makes up for your irresponsible
playing with gun actions.
I need photo evidence of either one.
Whatever option you want to take, I don't really care.
I don't live in your grandma's cold room, so it's your call.
Yes, think that, you know, 2018, who knows?
Should we wrap up?
Yeah, I believe we should.
I've had too much fun already.
I can't handle any more fun.
But people at home, if you're looking for more fun, I just guested on a couple podcasts
that are going to be coming out soon.
I'm on an upcoming episode of Can I Pet Your Dog?
Upcoming episode where I returned for an episode of Bunker Buddies.
Uh, I just guested on a video that's going to be coming out on Gary Dunn's YouTube
channel, but I also just did an episode of Good Christian Fun, which-
That is such a great podcast.
Yes.
I'm very into Good Christian Fun right now.
I can't recommend it enough.
If you've ever heard Gilmore Guys, Kevin Porter from Gilmore Guys, and his friend
Caroline are hosting Good Christian Fun.
It's a review show of Christian pop culture that neither glorifies Christianity, neither
glorifies Christianity, nor makes fun of it.
It just talks about why they made the things that they made.
Justin, there's a Bibleman episode with your name on it, bud.
Ooh, nice.
Let's see, also coming up very soon-
What did you do on your episode?
We did an episode of McGee and Me called Twister and Shout.
Fuck, yes.
Yes, it was very fun, and Griffin, I just did one episode to leave the door open for
you to come on and discuss other McGee and Me episodes.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
But yeah, also coming up in, well, 11 days from today, Teresa and I are going to be at
San Francisco Sketch Fest.
I'm performing in a couple shows, one Friday night, one Saturday night, but then we're
doing a Schmanners on Sunday the 14th in the afternoon, and you can find out all the details
about that at sfsketchfest.com.
And you got the cruise, too, right?
Yeah, and we're doing the JoCo cruise, which is coming up middle of February, February
18th through 25th.
We're going to be doing Schmanners there as well, just a bunch of other random things,
and Dad's going to be there, and yeah, it's going to be a good time if you want to come
check that out.
I think it's going to be an absolute blast.
Not only have I never been on JoCo cruise before, I've never been on a cruise before,
so I'm super excited about it.
Yeah, I'm going to say-
You can find out about that, JoCoCruise.com, J-O-C-O-Cruise.com.
I want to say thanks to everybody who pitched in during the holiday season for both MoBimBam
Angels, who just crushed the empty stockings list this year.
That's a thing that when I see people in Huntington, that's the thing they talk about,
and that is so wonderful, and I hope that you all appreciate what a change you make
in our lovely hometown and Justin's current place of residence, and everybody who came
out to the Candle Nights show, and everybody who chipped in on the Candle Nights Star project
that Riley spearheaded, who helped raise, I think it was like $45,000 total for Big
Brothers Big Sisters of South Central West Virginia.
They were asking for $60,000 to help open one of their closed branches up again, and
the fact that the listeners of this podcast almost single-handedly got there is so-
They weren't asking us for it.
No, no, no.
That was their big ask when they lost their funding.
The fact that you all came out for that to such a huge degree is so wonderful, and we
love you all so much for it.
Also, I want to say thanks to John Roderick in The Long Winters for the use of our theme
song, It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very good album, and thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org and check out all the great free podcasts there because you're
going to find a bunch of shows that you're just going to love the heck out of.
All right.
Well, folks, that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much for listening.
Collaborate, team.
Collaborate, team.
Just think about it.
You don't got to act on it right now.
Just think about it.
Uh, and, uh, Griff, you got one more Yahoo for us?
Yeah, I have one more off this fucking blighted website.
Uh, it's from Andrew Gerald.
Thank you, Andrew, for sending this one in.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
I can't see it because the website's all fucked up, but I'm going to say, uh, Dennis
asks, what if, for the last episode of Frasier, Kelsey Grammer was butt naked the whole time?
My name's Justin McElroy.
My name's Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May it kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Hello, Internet.
I'm your husband, host Travis McElroy.
And I'm your wife, host Teresa McElroy.
And together we present Schmanners.
It's extraordinary etiquette.
For ordinary occasions.
We explain the historical significance of everyday etiquette topics, then answer your
questions relating to modern life.
So join us weekly on MaximumFun.org or wherever podcasts are found.
No RSVP required.
Check out Schmanners.
Schmanners, Schmanners.
Get it?
