The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
and Me, an advice show from the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin Tyler McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis Patrick McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Uh, wow folks, uh, big exciting news from Holly Weird, um, big thinker, big Hollywood thinker,
uh, much like the James Cameron of our generation. Travis P. McElroy is here
to speak with us. Uh, he told us that he had a new movie idea that he wanted to run past us.
It's been a while. Love hearing these big movie ideas because I always know what blockbusters to
look forward to in the following fiscal year. Now listen, here's the thing I want to let you
all know. Up front, this is going to take a lot of capital to get made. This is not going to-
Oh shit.
It's going to be more expensive than Avatar, but I think when you hear it-
How much did, how much was an avat- how much did,
if I wanted to do an Avatar, how much would that run me?
I think it was a hundred thousand dollars Canadian.
Damn.
I'm not sure, but I think that's like a hundred billion American. I'm not sure what the,
what the exchange rate is, but listen to this. It popped in my head this morning
and it, it was like I woke up with a start and I thought, why hasn't there been
a Fast and the Furious Transformers crossover movie?
Oh my God, Travis, this is a bad idea.
Travis, you doofus, that's a great idea.
Thank you, Justin. Thank you for getting on board with an amazing movie. How is that a terrible
idea, Griffin? What do people love? They love giant robots that turn into cars. What do they
love? They love the Fast and the Furious family gang that drives cars real fast. What's that you
say? The robots turn into cars and then the Fast and the Furious people can drive those
robots real fast? Fuck yes.
Are you telling me you don't want to see Vin Diesel in a fucking exoskeleton
that transformed out of a Harley into an exoskeleton for him to fight
bad Optimus Prime? Are you kidding me?
First of all, uh, uh, Vin- Toretto, Vinnie Toret- no, what's his fucking name?
Dominic Toretto.
Dominic- Dominic Toretto would never ride a motorcycle. He looks at one of those and he says,
well, that's half a car. And so he doesn't, he doesn't do it. And I think it's because he's
actually afraid of motorcycles, but he's like way too proud about it. But the other thing is if
you're in the cockpit of a car, when it transforms into a transformer, you'll be liquefied. And I
don't want to watch all my fucking good friends get liquefied like Tokyo Drift Boy and Dominic
Toretto.
That is a myth. You actually enter their brain like in Pacific Rim and suddenly you're piloting
that Jaeger, son. You're, you are like synced. It's you and Optimus Prime doing battle against
whoever the bad guy would be. Uh, I don't know. Maybe, uh, who I, who's Clive Owen. Maybe Clive
Owen's the bad guy in this one. You know, and he's, he and Optimus, not Optimus Prime. Who's
the bad one? Who's the bad one?
Uh, bad Optimus-
Megatron.
Yeah.
Megatron.
Megatron.
Megatron.
Megaduck. He's fighting Megaduck and-
Here's the other issue is that Vin Diesel refuses to be in any movie where there is an object
larger than him in it. So like from a sense of scale perspective, it's going to be tough
to get these big robots fighting around while Vin Diesel is also on the screen.
You'll have to make Vin Diesel bigger then.
I guess so, but then that's anticlimactic because then he can just knock the other bad
robots over.
Let me hit you with this. Transformers meets Fast and the Furious meets the Before Sun
Rise franchise.
Now, okay, well hold on.
What I'm seeing here is you would have Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke just sort of having
coffee and intense conversations as like just a cutaway, basically. Just like a cut to a
building's being destroyed, panned down. I can't believe they're still going at it. Yeah,
me neither. Anyway, Sunrise is just a few hours away.
We better hurry.
Okay, wait, Justin.
Also, if the Autobots don't stop the Decepticons before Sunrise, Earth will end. So it's like
very much like that's how you... They're sort of like our time keepers for the film.
Baby, you are going to miss that plane. And then Domic Toretto's like,
not on my watch. And he grabs Ethan Hawke and he gets into the airport and he doesn't
miss the plane. And then the robot punches the airplane out of the sky.
Fuck, this is really good actually now that I think about it.
Justin, you've inspired me. How about this? All right.
Okay.
Fast and the Furious meets Transformers meets Boyhood. You filmed the movie over 20 years.
You get to watch the robots get bigger.
Yes.
I think I like the before Sunrise one better.
Okay. What if we do all of them together?
Okay, so Boyhood is in the before Sunrise movies. And it's like before Sunrise and
then after Sunrise and then like for 12 more years after all of the Sunrises,
many, many Sunrises. And boy, this boy is just getting bigger and he's getting surlier, isn't he?
Yeah, this is actually great. So take that and sell it. Just give us some,
I guess. Give us some of it. That sound about right? I'm not sure the technical...
You'll know in your heart what the right amount is.
Yeah.
But for right now, let's really get into the advice. Let's get deep in and help people.
We just had a huge turnout in the Max Fun Drive and everybody really came out for us.
So now I think it's time for us to come out for them.
I recently found out that my boyfriend who I've been living with for over a year has been hiding
precious metals, silver, gold around the house. He acted very strange when I asked him about it.
His reason being that they are investments and to not go looking for them.
Should I be concerned?
Am I dating a Ron Swanson or a treasure hoarding dragon? That's from fool's gold in Oklahoma City.
So this is a unique...
You found it, eh? I knew this day would come. Well, here's the secret.
If you go hunting for my gold, I come hunting for you.
This is definitely a Desolation of Greg situation.
The only reason you do this is for a doomsday prepper, right?
There is a school of thought that not just doomsday prepper, but if the economy tanks,
gold will still be doing okay. It's a safe investment, some people think.
I don't think they think it's safe to hide it around your house like a wears wall though.
But I don't know exactly.
I will say that as a kid who grew up reading a lot of like magical realism, you know,
Indian in the cupboard, kind of like a bridge should tear biffy, your lions, your witches,
and or wardrobes that like the idea I think about this now is like what if I like hid like,
you know, hid gold coins somewhere like in a banister or something.
And then when BB finds them in 10 years, she's like, what?
And I'm like, huh? How'd that get there?
And now it's like a magical mystery in our house.
Maybe we have leprechauns in the house. I don't know.
It's magical for her.
Yeah, I don't know.
Maybe maybe your boyfriend's doing that for you.
He wants to have a little mystery in your relationship.
You know what I mean?
He's definitely not doing that.
I want to get in front of Travis's bad point and say he's definitely not doing this to add
mystery to your relationship.
It is it is because one Oh, isn't he? Isn't he Griffin? Because it sounds like there's some
mystery. Sounds like this question asker is left with some questions.
Yeah, I mean, no, I think this was not intentional.
I think it's a nice side effect. Don't get me wrong.
I'm curious about this relationship.
And also, in Oklahoma City, like you've just given me a map that I can use to triangulate
and come come calling come fucking come come on a fucking Diablo run of your of your of
your house and get those get all that sweet coins.
Get all those gold bars.
I'm not saying I would.
Yeah, Griffin, you're right.
This is like in Zelda when you walk out and you smash a jar and you're like,
who hides their jewels in just like a jar in their barn?
This person does.
Greg does.
Greg hides them there.
Greg hides them there.
That makes me think everybody in Zelda is just like prepping.
Just like the Hylian economy is going to collapse.
Our fucking king is a boat.
I just like sell your gold to me.
I'm on your radio, your fantasy radio.
Why would what why would you why would you do this?
I guess is the question I keep coming back to is why would you hide all your gold and
silvers?
I feel like just I do.
I think it breaks down a little bit when you're like, I am going to be very safe and buy a
bunch of gold and silver.
I, however, am just going to kind of scatter them about the house like so many lost chapsticks
and just hope that I can remember where all that all of them are if needed.
I guess so.
I think about this like it would be good for me to have like some bottles of water on hand.
That's about as far as like my prep instincts go.
And by which I mean, I still don't have the water.
But I think like that might be nice to have on hand.
You get some water at some point.
Am I so far behind the curve?
Is it good to have a much gold and many silver in your house?
I guess the question and I'm trying to come around to this.
Let me tell you.
Let me tell you as somebody who for a long time hosted a proper podcast.
No.
OK.
Because here's the thing in the immediate in the immediate like right after.
Sure.
But like if we're talking a long term apocalypse, gold and silver are going to devalue very,
very quickly.
Whereas like freeze dried food, yet rice is going to be worth its weight in gold.
Like actually, I went I went around my boyfriend's house and there were many
carrot seeds and potato seeds all over.
I was very curious and excited about this.
I mean, is my boyfriend a very bad farmer who doesn't understand how seeds do?
It's better that than like a katana that he says he's going to get very good at at some point.
Like this is my investment is I'm going to get good at katana.
So people want to have me on their crew, I guess.
I also will say I just had this thought the other day.
I'm 33 and by many definitions an adult.
I don't know how investments work.
For all I know, this might be the safest form of investment.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, it's possible.
It's very possible.
Welcome to bad money.
It's a new talk show that the three of us do and we don't know fucking anything.
So maybe get many gold and lots of silver, but make sure you got a katana because you
don't want one of those without the other because folks will know this house has much
gold in it, but no katanas.
Let's get them.
Right.
How about this yahoo?
Can I give it to you?
Hit me.
Yahoo's got a yahoo's got another a new name again.
You remember our good old taba jokes?
Yeah, oath.
It's called oath now.
So it's a new it's a neat cult they're doing with Verizon.
Yahoo decided let's get hey Verizon you up.
It's me yahoo.
Want to make a call with me?
You can't quit, right?
If you go in and you're like I'd like to resign.
I got a better opportunity and they're like my boy Tim Armstrong's like you're you're
a revoking your oath.
You're you're denying your oath and then he just opens the door.
Oathbreaker!
We have an oathbreaker!
Everybody looks up from their like grindstones.
No!
Oh this is an AOL.
You forged the oath.
AOL's doing this too, huh?
Leave your ID card on the wedding stone.
Just lay down on the onyx table and we'll get your severance package all sorted out.
Leave your scabbard with Valerie.
Um this oath was sent in by Drew Campbell.
Thank you oathbreaker Drew Campbell.
It's yahoo answers user.
It's oath use oath oath taker.
Earl the snort oaths.
Who's on your laser tag team?
Um that's it.
There's no additional details.
Are there any answers from folks?
Uh oh the sickest says with the best answer five stars you.
Which is fucking pretty solid right?
Like if you're getting on oath to ask a oath about like who's on your laser tag team it
makes me assume you are an enthusiast and therefore probably have some fucking skills
out there on the cyber grid.
Hey guys who's on your laser tag team?
I'm tempted to give a lazy answer which is just like folks I'd like to meet.
So like Barack Hussein Obama a lot of people forget that Hussein was important.
Um would be a big one like just because it would be like an honor you know Joe Biden
would be it would be an honor um but would they be the best at laser tag?
Joe Biden would yes absolutely no question Joe Biden yeah he would be like listen I've
always wanted to learn how to back flip and this is the moment I'm gonna do it right now.
And then he does and then he does he just does it over a team.
How many are we talking let's put a limit on this.
I think five I think including you it's five so you'd have four additional members of let's
all work together let's not do individual laser tag teams and we wouldn't we maybe we get five
not including us because I don't I did it once I played laser tag once at a place here in Austin
called Blazertag and um they make you get really really high before no um and they just put you
in a sensible tweed coat and I was like siphon filtering all over the fucking place just like
no scoping kids and then as I left the place I realized that I was in like a mild state of
cardiac arrest because of all the running and diving and shooting I'd been doing and
so I don't think I'm cut out for it. I hate it when kids don't get into it
sometimes you're laser tagging with kids and they're like just run up to you and shoot you
it's like where's the action where's the imagination I think that bothers me a lot.
Uh assuming we're going to be playing against teens I would like to welcome to my team uh
Ariana Grande and whoever's big on YouTube right now I don't actually know whoever's
big on YouTube right now who's not also a secret mega racist yeah yeah whoever's whoever could do
that for us. Ariana Grande is not secretly uber racist right she just licked that donut that one
time I mean I think that's if she was secret we wouldn't know until it's too late until she's like
you're you're playing laser tag and she's like take this is for my superior race
Ariana no no no get it you're off the team you're at a party and you're like bang bang into the
and somebody's like no no no no no no no no no no no we don't we don't do that anymore we don't
bang bang into the room anymore um that would be a sick song to laser tag to though that would be
great let me pitch this name Keanu Reeves yes yes yes yes yes Travis wins the contest that
fucking dude if you've seen like his um like videos of him like training and like running
those gun obstacle courses training for John Wick it's like the dude's got it he's a fucking got it
I absolutely must have him on the team except wait I'm gonna wait hold on I'm going to contradict
myself because now I'm worried he's gonna make everybody else on the team look really bad like
it'll be like wow we had you know 20 confirmed hits yeah 18 of them were John Wick's like between
the other four of us we hit two people because everyone we came across was already zapped out
yeah another problem is that he also um executes a lot of what Solid Snake calls uh CQC and so I
think that if you strike if you strike someone in the laser tag field of battle you are asked to
leave the Billy Bob's Wonderland yeah so that may be an issue but it's too good to back out from
because I know I I saw that video and I thought Keanu Reeves may very well be the coolest living
human right now uh which I I yeah I don't think you can dull those instincts his instinct is to
shoot someone in the head and then spin around and punch someone in the face with the gun and
I think we train that out he'd shoot somebody in the head and he'd turn around he'd be like no not
I can't do this anymore I can't not anymore that's three number four person to do it Sarah
Michelle Geller okay Michelle Geller is a it's an interesting choice that's a very good choice
I'll tell you why because she's got a lot of experience navigating tv that's one thing you
know she's had she's had a great career it's got a lot of different interesting places that's huge
I want to detract yeah intimidation factor I think is also through the roof if I fuck him
is in the laser tag arena and I saw Sarah Michelle Geller coming at me with one of those cool cyber
guns I would say bye and I would leave I would leave I would leave after paying my money for
my ticket into laser tag I would actually leave the place without having finished the match
so scared would I be so scared would I be we've been watching a lot of Buffy
um because we have been watching just a lot of television uh comfort comfort food tv and Buffy
is that for us and did you know this is fun when you are on the 20th episode of the fourth season
of Buffy the Vampire Slayer which is like I think late college like in the badlands of the atom arc
when you're on episode 4.20 of Buffy you have 69 episodes to go before you finish it what's up
that's so good thanks Joss thanks Joss did you also know that that whole atom arc was poo poo poo
from a dog's butt gland that season had hush too that season had hush hush was the the sweet
reward that you had some good stuff Tara came up on that season Riley who was a great transition
from angel well here's the thing he was a good come down from angel like oh here's a super
interesting boyfriend and now Riley okay uh here's here's a pallet cleanser and I'm if you will
between interestingly uh uh love interests we're uh listen if uh if if Mark Lucas wants on the show
if Mark Lucas wants to come on the show please come on I'm sure it was just a writing thing
you always seem very charismatic to me sure um good at fighting for sure cannot you know what
no here's we can't we can't get Lucas I'm gonna put I'm just gonna put Mark Lucas on
the bitch yeah yeah yeah yeah first Lucas um Mark Lucas will be our first holder mainly
because I like saying Mark Lucas very much maybe maybe he's big on YouTube and he can fill that
seat uh we need one more though hey my name is Mark Lucas here's the water bottle I'm gonna
unbox some stuff my name's Mark Lucas I'm gonna unbox a graphics card back at you again with
another makeup tutorial here's how to make those lashes pop I'm Mark hey my name is Mark
Lucas here's my candle hole now time for some crinkle mania time for it I am Mark Lucas I'm
here to deliver those crinkle tingles you crave my new ASMR series Mark Lucas reads the phone book
check it out I'm gonna add Mentos to a bunch of beverages and see what happens lemonade
nothing didn't it didn't do anything I'm Mark Lucas hi everybody my name is Mark Lucas I'm
gonna make a big burrito out of pizzas and cereal stay out here what's wrong with you
Justin what are you watching that hits way too close to home
we need one more and we need a what role we have the intimidator we have the the two we have Ariana
Grande who I think Ariana Grande I think she was in the bad blood video mate was she in the bad
blood video I think she did the bad blood I think she was in the bad blood video to some degree and
so like I think you had to you had to have some sort of martial arts training to be included in
that video hello I just got a call in and it's the best answer and it's Idris Elba is on the team
oh he's currently filming the gunslinger oh so you know those skills are going to be hot he's
gonna wear the outfit from the gunslinger he's maybe gonna tell me some inside dirt about the
gunslinger it's all I want to know can we get some set photos leaked or something please hey
can we just get just one tease out please am I gonna have to wait till SDCC that's our will
but I don't wanna who represents the reluctant warrior the one who's like I can't do this not
again right but then like Michelle Geller okay yeah I think it's Keanu and then we pay a 12
year old to kill his dog in front of him the 12 year old would shoot would buffet his dog with
harmless lasers I would love to watch Keanu react to that no I see he's fine Keanu he's fine this
is the light gun the dog would be wearing a very small laser tag vest and so it would like burst
and he would have to leave the room and go have some pizza Idris Elba Ariana Grande Keanu Reeves
Sarah Michelle Geller and some non-racist youtube superstar and boy that's going to be a tough
needle to thread but fuck that's a good team huh take him to the limpos and they're Hannibal
like they're they're like coach is Joe Biden and Joe Biden is there he drove them all there
in his minivan he had to he needed he needed he had to well you had a bunch of tickets to turn
in and tokens that he couldn't use anywhere else Olympic gold medalist laser tag team
they got those laser guns already right that they do the decathlon they have the little laser rifles
or whatever that they use instead of bullet guns right let's just just turn them on each other
and pew pew pew I'm Idris Elba I got you um uh here's another question I recently ordered a
couple pairs of jeans direct from Levi's and they arrived today that's it that's the entire
question it's I don't know good I'm glad um no there's more I here it is the jeans were exactly
what I ordered that's actually the end uh so just a positive experience this person oh no oh no
that's right this is just a Levi's Yelp review yeah uh but there was also a brand new complete
DVD box set of all six seasons of down navi all right nice um this is not unwelcome because I love
the show but I didn't order it and also you can't order DVDs from levi.com am I good that's from
nonplus in Nevada um a little you actually didn't realize that this is part of a new exciting cross
promotional uh sort of ad uh uh the campaign that's going on right now where they are doing
a seventh season of Downton Abbey and all the characters are wearing just the most well-fitting
just luscious blue jeans you've ever seen on any tv show it's a bit anachronistic and it kind of
goes against the whole like tone of the show but it's like Wellesley help me dress and then an
older man helps a still pretty old man put on some very nice jeans I'll tell you guys exactly
what happened here some bumbling uh you know just uh clumsy Levi's warehouse worker has shown up to
their aunt's birthday party empty-handed they stopped by the sun coast on their way to work
to pick up a birthday present for their aunt and now they're left box set less I see so they were
and they had to make a stop by the the the blue jeans factory still carrying their box set with
them and they were standing over the denim vat and they were oh no and they dropped the box set
into the denim vat which then printed out the blue jeans and the dvds were just made it in the box
exactly I just I mean I'm assuming that this happened in like a fulfillment center right
this has happened in a place that fulfills Levi's orders and Downton Abbey orders but I do have a
problem with like you look in a box there's jeans in the box is this one for the okay yeah just go
ahead and maybe I don't know I'm very busy we have a lot of we've got a lot of jeans to get rid of
today I do also want to point out origin story I know you're wondering yes John Cougar Mellencamp
did fall the Joker style into the denim vat and that is that is his cruel origin if he had fallen
into the box set DVD of Downton Abbey vat right next to it he would have had a completely different
yeah completely different arc a proper bloke I'm it's me John Cougar Mellencamp a proper bloke
like on Downton Abbey does this little ditty about Lord Grantham and Lady Grantham that's him
it rhymes uh did uh does this person owe a call to levies.com yes you stole their dvds definitely
you should call them I mean you should have won this might be the golden ticket like you won
you get to you get to go on a tour of the denim factory with a uh idiosyncratic
leader of the company who's going to well here's the thing gonna kill four kids and that's just
that's non-negotiable Billy Tonka but they're gonna be it's Billy Tonka the leader of Levi's
I know you would think Levi would be in his name somewhere but no no anyway four kids will suffer
a horrible fate but you'll learn a lot about morality or whatever and all the jeans you can eat
I feel like you have to call if only because Levi's owes you an explanation
for how this could happen like you are on the edge of like a a serial style mystery here that
you could unravel and then get back to us and just like call Levi's don't let them off the hook
until you understand how Downton Abbey all six seasons in a complete DVD box set
arrived it with your jeans you deserve an answer that can't be cheap right we're talking at least
a hundred dollar box set on the deals yeah you know that's nobody's buying DVDs anymore
I think those DVDs are subsidized by the by the MacArthur Foundation or something like that so
I think they're not actually that expensive pretty assuming who's been trying to scale back
their material uh possessions and clutter I would actually be pretty bummed about somebody
sending me a huge DVD box set at this point like I really I do not have a shelf space
you know what I mean yeah exactly I'm asking if you get call them back and ask if you can
trade it in for that I got the Downton love it uh don't want to be ungrateful but I would like a
gift card in place of this item I'm now thinking of in the Levi's blue jeans factory what the
equivalent room of the room where Willy Wonka sang pure imagination would be like we're just
everything is made out of blue jeans and denim everything is wearable you can wear any to see
that flower put it on um how about a yahoo yeah sure this one was sent in by brooks oglesby thank
you brooks it's yahoo answers user oath user sorry something's gone wrong uh this would this
is good this would be a good um like parlance we can just say when something has gone wrong
they are an oath breaker who has left the service before their watch has ended um this oath breaker
asks could I play video games for the school talent show I just answered a question on here
that reminded me to ask this I have I have hardly any talents but I'm a video game expert when I
start a game I always begin on expert and usually end it my school has this huge tv thing I think
um could I simply hook up my xbox 360 and play on the big screen thing so everyone sees as my
talent like it's a first-person shooter or something do you think they'll let me it is like
one of my only talents that I can possibly do all right um the the short answer is I would lose my
fucking mind if I was still in high school and somebody was like what's up my name is Derek
here's some monoscopes and then he gets up there and does his thing that would be I would watch
I would watch that and be absolutely thrilled just no pressure or anything but if you tell people
like I this is worth watching you can watch this I feel like it it's a bit you're you cannot fuck
up at all this game's called Call of Duty this game's called Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 I'm
gonna play around search and destroy all right nerd and then like fucking 30 seconds in you're
like oh my god he's doing it it's really doing it here's the thing like I was all prepared to
make jokes about this and then I remember like there are people who are like super famous for
doing this oh yeah sure sure sure but um maybe not among their high school peers I don't know
nowadays what did you guys ever participate in a high school talent show please tell me now if you
did high school no no not that uh elementary school for sure I I just starred in all the
school plays I didn't need to do a town I I co-hosted my high school talent show this is not
a bit um either my junior or senior year with a gentleman named Richard and Richard was the school
magician um but wait hold on he was designated as such he was the kid who like I know my thing
it's gonna be magic and so he would always be doing like little card tricks at the lunch in
the lunch room and so me and Richard hosted the talent show one year and fucking people were
eating out of our hands up on that stage um and I this is horrible a uh a young woman got up there
to play a piano song uh that was really lovely um and I think she ended up coming in like second
place for the competition um and I want to just hit this very hard the people very much enjoyed
her set but as we intro'd her our thing was like wouldn't it be funny if we got up there and did
a magic trick so we went up there and he did this very long-winded magic trick because behind the
curtain they had to set up like her piano and they had to clear off the last the last thing
and the magic trick was very long-winded and had very many steps of me picking a card and then
going out and showing a few people in the audience the card you know really fucking work and I'm
getting a mean at my hand and then we got up there and said all right time for the magic
tree to end and he just threw all the cards up in the air and that was it and we like walked off
the stage it's like a joke like haha fuck you guys very like um you know transgressive comedy
and the audience was booing very loud as the curtain opened oh for this for this young woman
to play her music song and she I'll say this it was a hostile room we created a hostile environment
she won them back and it was a story of redemption but oh my god did I feel absolutely awful because
I like as soon as we did it I walked on the stage like oh that was a bad idea we created a not good
workspace here I think Richard Griffin I actually thought that was going to go a different direction
I thought you were going to say that the magic trick was Richard made her piano disappear leaving
her completely unable to perform her song now you tell me how that trick would have gone down
I probably would have gone down really well if he had been able to pull it off
I guess that's true I would I want to watch this kid play video games now
I do want to see him play video games there is a very there's a very thin like there's a tight
rope that he could pull this off and if he did but isn't this true think about it anybody who gets
up if they're like my talent I'm gonna shred on the electric guitar like you have to be good you
can't just like get up and kind of like pick out some like chords or if you got up and you're like
I I'm gonna play piano and you only know like heart and soul like no you if you get up there
you're inherently saying I am very confident in my ability to do this in an entertaining way
so like I don't know if this kid's confident enough to get up there and play some video games
yeah I'd like to see that and it it also depends on the game because I don't know that I would be
so psyched to just like watch somebody do very well while playing call of duty but if you heard
like all right here comes Jeff and he's gonna play some video games and you're like whatever
and then the curtains parted and there were four DDR machines standing side by side by side and
he was like what's up my name is Jeff I'm gonna do paranoia survivor max on four machines at once
here I go and he like does the damn thing I might lose my fucking mind yeah that will be I think the
musical element is huge I because I worry that the perform like even if it's sick the performance
aspect of it is not going to be great like you're not gonna people aren't going to know what's cool
unless every few minutes you look back at them like right dig it that kind of thing yeah oh
that's what you do you you turn the tv so the audience can't see it and you just look at them
and just occasionally say I'm doing a great job this is just keep giving score updates from time
to time um hey fellas let's take a break real quick uh because we have a little bit of pressing
business to uh to to seek out in the money zone our first sponsor this week is zip recruiter
which sounds like a nerdy guy's name but it is it's a business sorry you think I I thought it
sounded like some kind of cool adventurer hey my name is zip recruiter uh are you hiring do you
know where to post your job and find the best candidates I don't except later on in the copy
I find out hang in there with me join us won't you with uh with zip recruiter.com there it is
you can post your job to 200 plus job sites including social media networks like facebook
twitter all with a single click um it find candidates in any city or industry nationwide
it's such a pain hiring people it's absolute pits um and if you could make it even a little bit
easier you would want to do it but once you can make it a lot a bit easier that and that's not
the tagline of zip recruiter.com no it's not at all assuming soon that that'll be their tagline is
zip it up no it's not bad either I don't think zip these recruits that's not it hire everybody
that's not it either you're taking all comers all everybody gets a job zip recruiter.com
zipper right now no bigots are in our in the pool my listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter for
free by going to zip recruiter.com slash my brother that's zip recruiter.com slash my brother uh you
try for free make hiring easier but what's what's not to like nothing that's what zip recruiter.com
slash my brother zip it up zip that thing zip that nasty thing it's me zip recruiter and this
is my official tagline zip that nasty thing I want to talk about harry's now can I yes it's
the razor company and they they do it a little bit differently than your big big box razor company
they shout the hair off your face they yell at your face so hard the hair just goes screaming
away um no they here's their thing what if razors didn't cost 40 for half of one rusty old razor
um it's about it it's a novel idea um basically these these two guys jeff and andy they didn't
like paying all of that money for bad razors and so they started harry's to fix shaving
um by taking less profit profit and selling directly to you over the internet uh and by
doing that they can offer their blades at half the price just two bucks a blade compared to the four
dollars or more you'll pay at the drugstore and they're so confident you'll love their blades
they're giving you their trial set for free if you just cover three dollars shipping that trial set
includes a weighted ergonomic razor handle five precision engineered blades with a lubricating
strip and trimmer blade uh rich lat lathering shave gel and a travel blade cover that's a
thirteen dollar value for you to just try so don't mess around get started shaving with harry's today
by claiming your free trial offer that's the thirteen dollar value for free if you just cover
shipping to get your free trial set including a razor handle five blade cartridge and shave
gel go to harry's dot com slash my brother right now that's harry's dot com slash my brother i have
a jumbo charm message for patrick from charlotte if the macarons had never broken down the lyrics
to pony we probably wouldn't be together now that's insane thank you for taking me to candle
lights seeing carly rae with me and spending so much zoo time with the red pandas you're my person
my favorite human my best friend and the only one i want to sing disney songs with let's do this
what a lucky couple to have seen carly rae jepsen in concert live sure it is a it is you go to you
go to church like that and you leave different change how metamorphosized how do you fellows
think us breaking down the lyrics of pony got two humans yeah i don't want to i don't want to be
ribald here but i mean they're very erotically charged lyrics and we read them in a way that
was maybe sensual to some folks yeah i'm not gonna yuck any yums but if that if you found that
sensual that's fine do you think it seems like these two did two people listening independently
on different ends of a bar to us discuss very rib both kind of like made eye contact at the same
time and just mouthed pony question mark and they just nodded and from that point forward
they were inseparable i think that's the most likely situation yeah i feel like that this this
if i had to guess and i'm completely completely guessing but i feel like that this probably
started out as a joke and then at some point one of the two parties started saying the lyrics a
lot more sincerely until at one point someone looked directly in the other person's eyes and
said hey no but seriously if you're horny yeah let's do it write it my pony
my saddle's waiting juices flowing down your thigh okay this next message that's a lyric
i'm not it's a lyric of this i know it is griffin it just don't like to hear you say it in a
declarative declarative manner in a defamatory manner juices running down your thigh i'm peeping
your steelo all right what could that mean what could peeping your steel i'm peeping your steelix
looks like you evolved in onyx while i was holding the metal coat interesting okay uh
urban dictionary says it's slang for your style or your aura yeah well i like it i love that i'm
p and by the way i'm sorry i my all apologies to genuine for skipping the best line in the song
that came before that because as a as a couplet they really work together better sitting here
flossing peeping your steelo i mean it's like yeah and it's intimate it's fun it's flirty it's
like i'm in the bathroom just flossing and i look in the mirror and i'm like look at it look
look you're just flossing you lean back look through the doorway and just check your steelo
and you're like nice there she is hello uh i got a message for zoe kensky that's right the one the
only zoe kensky from jake scott aldo steve and naldi it says happy birthday zoe from all of us
in the bubblegum tigers you're a big jerk but you're our big jerk thanks for the years of
friendship you've given us and here's to many more good luck reaching the top of that ladder
but for today keep riding high that's free zoe kensky from jake scott aldo steve and naldi
i think you're at the i mean you're at the top of the ladder right you're at the top that's why
zoe is riding high now and maybe that's a disappointment right like when you've
reached when there are no more rungs to conquer zoe zoe wept maybe there's another maybe there's
like a hang glider situation she can like hop on to or whatever that could be fun i'll think about
it we'll take it to that we'll take it to the writer's room this is a new segment on my brother
my brother me that i'm uh working on um and right now in this moment that's nice let people see
behind the curtain to the unfinished business we have i want to workshop it a little pardon our
mess it sorry so sloppy um uh and this this one is this segment's called tabbing out okay and here's
and here's how it works i justin mcelroy tell you the listener and you my brothers uh exactly what
tabs i have open currently jesus uh while we're recording so i have three tabs open currently
that are not the show notes one is uh a google search for the lyrics to pony excellent two
is the wikipedia page about before sunset uh because i couldn't remember julie delpy's name
and the third one is a uh search on levies.com for the term dvd that did that did return four
pairs of non-dvd related jeans oh wow explicably these jeans are big enough to hold the entire box
set of doughton abbey you're gonna love the blu-ray format they don't actually count yeah
for sure y'all y'all got any tabs um just mostly pictures of mark blucus really if i'm being honest
just i just have my email and a bunch of asmr videos i'm gonna watch after this so i have
i have quote coming down quote mark blucus end quote minus quote shirt end quote
griffin mcelroy does not understand bullying but he understands sweet abs mark blucus set shirt to
no to off mark blucus plus horse minus mark blucus mark blucus shirt equals false
mark blucus minus shirt plus smile equals yes you know getting a lot of getting a lot of
blucus but he's shirted in all of them so damn it try a different bullying my name is patrick
my name is barker max funcon has been a huge inspiration in my life now i have this network
of friends that i've made that span literally across the entire globe and they're some of
my favorite people in the world i truly cannot believe the amount of wonderful and lasting
friendships that have come out of this if you feel like you might not fit in as long as you're
a good person you'll fit in because everyone there is good and amazing and kind and wonderful
and you should absolutely go it will be the best decision of your life make a ton of new friends
like parker and patrick at max funcon tickets for max funcon and max funcon east are on sale
now at max funcon.com the weather's starting to be nice around here which means doing stuff outdoors
there's one part of my outdoor repertoire that's sadly missing i never learned how to ride a bike
okay i'm 30 uh uh as a 33 year old how do i do that i mean the obvious answer is just to hop
up and do it but it's not like they sell adult bikes with trading wheels and that's from pining
to pedal in pittsburgh oh my this is a really it's a really good question it's a good question um
i bought a bike last year um because i live in austin like everybody bikes and so i was like i
could hey i can do this i need to close mark lucas's official website by the way he's got a
store never mind does he have any music auto playing he does he's got a music section anyway
um and so i went i like bought a bike and i went to the bike shop and found a bike i really like
i was like hell yeah he's like do you want to try it out i was like yeah sure and i went in
the parking lot and got on and i was like hey wait a minute it's been like fucking 15 years
since i've done this i'm gonna fall over and a bus is gonna hit me and it's gonna be really
embarrassing and deadly um and so like i'm i'm right there with you because i don't know there's
a way to get out of this with hold on griffin i do want to know the rest of that um when you
tried it out in the parking lot and realized you were going to die did you then turn to the sales
person and say oh one second thought no i was like i'll take it i'll ride it around in small
concentric circles in my empty garage um no i uh i i just did it and it was very fucking wobbly
and i looked like i looked like i mean i looked like a fucking toddler learning to ride a bike
again because it literally had been half my life since i'd been on a bike bike cycle um there are
a couple of big problems with this the first off is a big part of learning to ride a bike is falling
and when you're young you can just fall like you just fall and it's fine and when you're 33 years
old and fall it's not fine it's i mean well it's hysterical for starters but it's also very dangerous
because you're gonna be there you have a lot longer to go and your bones are older so it's not
a good idea to just fall repeatedly the other problem is if a kid is riding their bike on the
sidewalk that's adorable if an adult is riding their bike on the sidewalk is it it's a crime
yeah especially riding poorly yeah yeah that's where i bailed actually on bike riding is i got
to an age where people were like go ride in the street and that i had a look at like where the
cars are do you know how fast they go do you want me to go as fast as a car you gave him that you
gave him that dominic toretto but it's only two wheels it's only two wheels doesn't make sense
can't do it here's the thing here's the thing question asker and maybe this will be a little
controversial but i think that the reason kids learn to ride bikes is because at the time it is
the only vehicle it is the best vehicle option open to them as an adult you can drive a car with
the windows down no bikes are great bikes are good and they're good for the environment they're good
for you and they're fun to ride around on yes but my point being if you haven't learned how to ride
one up to this point like it's not too late no you can go your whole life you can go i'm not saying
it's too late i'm saying you could go your whole life saint peter is not going to meet you at the
pearly gates like so never learned how to ride a bike come go to hell like it just isn't going to
happen that's defeatist i'm just saying it's going to be harder than if you had learned as a child
that's all i'm saying so how would you how here's how you learn here's how you learn to ride a bike
when you're a little kid and there's this moment you have riding a bike is so weird because it's
one of the very few things in life we're just like once you do it right the first time you do it right
every time after that it's like once you realize like oh if i just go is fine um if i just like
keep pedaling and moving forward like it'll it'll hold me up and it'll be good um and so this is me
griffin mcelroy giving you a 100 guarantee if you get on that bike and you just start pedaling
really fast you'll be you'll be okay you're not the top of a high hill commit yourself to it no
don't don't peanuts this person no um you're 33 years old you've got a lot more control over your
body at this point that's the one thing is your limbs and stuff you are super good you know how
to work those things don't be afraid to do it i'm gonna go back to what i decided to stay and buy it
with the car thing because when you're a little kid and you fall over on your bike it's frustrating
but you have no other option left available to you i'm saying i am 33 if i had never learned how to
ride a bike the first time i fell over like well fuck this i'm gonna get in the thing with four
wheels now and doors um can you take an act i stand by my point your bad point i stand by it
it out a classified ad for a dad a class oh my god just hear me out a dad of any age or a mom
our our dad handled the teaching in our family but take an ad out for a dad and say hey i need
a dad to just hold it until i'm ready and then wait before i'm ready phrasing phrasing okay we'll
put the word bike in there thank you to keep the to keep the mystery i need a dad to hold it till
i'm ready um i'll do this fuck it this is my new project i'm gonna do it no i'll teach folks how
to ride a bike it's not a big deal let me grab the back of that seat and go you did it yeah don't
just keep doing it yeah you did it put this in your earbuds and go get on your bike but don't be in
the street because you need to be able to hear the sounds that cars make when you're biking in front
of them and just like listen to this right now all right pedal yeah yeah keep going keep going
keep don't stop you're not gonna fall over you're fine you're fine you're fine you're fine all right
you did it you're biking that's it just like that griffin's one half disc seminar on biking okay okay
okay okay let's put the money where the mouth is it's i'm see i'm sensing a conflict between griffin
uh my brother and travis my brother here is here is what i'm suggesting griffin
facetime this person when they're about ready to start learning how to ride a bike
you give them 30 minutes with you as i don't have 30 minutes i can do maybe two
15 minutes you only need two with me because it's just like get on the bike and pedal don't stop
go all right you did it i'm i've been griffin bye will you do that will you give this person five
minutes of your time skyping video griffin in your pocket just to encouraging them how to ride a bike
yes absolutely okay get it griffin hit me up and then and then when you fall over and you're ready
to quit let me know yeah i'll skype with you and be like it's totally cool go get a car
and then and uh i i've got a toddler so i've really got to manage my own time i'm sorry i
wish you the very best but this is about all i can spare you uh you have to you have to get
into a bike race with justin's toddler and um whoever wins gets to run the old summer camp
down whoever wins gets justin yeah um how about yahoo real quick yeah i think we can work one
one in i've got one about listen i'll be honest i'll tell you i got two i got one wait
wait just very quick i just have to say blue ksmr out loud because i should have said it earlier
oh like blue ksmr blue ksmr channel blue k blue ksmr hit us on blue ksmr can't do it can't blue ksmr
can't tm is blue ksmr can't do it okay fine but i tm my blue ksmr
i have one ksmr okay i got two questions here one of them is about it does reference jimmy
buffett and the other one references austin powers like which one are you which well do
you guys alternate word for word no i'll read them both one's sending one is from oathbreaker
kyle fleming thank you kyle it's from oathbreaker sloughlin0931 who asks is jack sparrow a better
island icon than jimmy buffett the other one was sent by level 9000 oathbreaker drew davenport by
oathbreaker fur k who says where can i find austin powers type decorating ideas for a yacht
tie it all together i vote the first one i think that's just because you want to talk a lot about
jimmy buffett as always i'll work austin powers in there all right yeah we'll come around to
austin powers we'll answer both of one thing so let me say this first off because it's not been
made abundantly clear my wife is the one who turned me on to jimmy but don't this don't now listen
tweet at my wife and tell her you know that everyone everyone tweeted sydney and tell her
that she liked jimmy buffett first so she will get off my back about it okay that's the first
thing wait wait wait tweet it tweet at my wife so there's austin there's the austin powers joke
well that's borat uh moving on the best island icon is james buffett and you asked me why well
i have a good answer for you jb when he's on an island he's not trying to get back off that island
as soon as humanly possible and that does seem to be the mo of mr jack sparrow jb learned how to
fly a plane so if he wasn't at an island he would he had one within reach theoretically speaking at
all times able to get back to an island when necessary let me ask you a question justin two
questions question one what are mr buffett's feelings on rum and it being gone uh okay what's
your second question the second question is is he at all related to sailors has he ever done it
all related to sailors has he ever done any sailing well uh okay here's the answer to your
first question is there is a margaritaville rum so i bet he feels sad about it yeah he would not
he would not feel good about that because he made rum himself margaritaville rum.com just go catch
the spirit by which i mean rum uh so jb made a dark rum and what was your second question uh is
he related to sailors in any way does he know how to sail does jimmy buffett what are you what are
you talking about because here's the thing jack sparrow listen he's kind of bumbly but he always
seems to know what he's doing but when it comes to boatsmanship oh my god jack sparrow he is he's a
deft hand at the wheel would you say he's the son of a son of a sailor he probably is travis patrick
mackleroy i know he's at least the son of one sailor one one generation i have to start reading
these answers because there's a hundred of them and each one is a beautiful diamond that god made
in heaven uh i'm just gonna read them without reading the names because again there are so many
that i need to get through duh captain jack sparrow he is way finer jack sparrow more people
know him uh yep jack sparrow is hot i love jack sparrow who's the other dude uh it's a near tie
but i would say that jack sparrow nearly beats out jimmy buffett if only jack would sing about rum
then he'd be a winner for sure he definitely did in most of the movies although i love jack sparrow
jimmy buffett is the original margaritaville king all right one one notch there for jimmy buffett and
then the best answer maybe of all time and if they shut oath down tomorrow please let this be
it's swan song david e one decade ago says it doesn't take 10 years ago it says one decade ago
says the seaplane ship sailing margarita and rum pot smoking book writing musician party animal and
leader of the parrot heads of course jack sparrow is a poser hell jack can't even get any p word
that refers to a vagina let alone he doesn't use dope which we seen in deadwood of the wild west
why wouldn't pirates use it oh it's a disney film jimmy is the party while jack is just for himself
who's the better icon okay i want to say that my favorite part about this is had this not been a
disney movie there would have been so many scenes of jack sparrow just getting fucking lit it is
already implied that basically anytime jack sparrow hoes out of frame he is smoking marijuana
if you do not see him at that moment in that scene in full frame he is smoking marijuana that
is even if you can see him but his back is to you he is holding a tasty rip oh man
jack sparrow is just for himself jimmy is jimmy is the party the only people make a lot of fan art
related to our family of products the only one i'm interested in anymore is pictures
just pictures of jimmy buffett and jack sparrow hanging out just shaking hands coming together
just living that island lifestyle i mean let's let's put it this way guys if you're going to
hang out on an island for an afternoon with one of these characters and i do say that i'm sure
james buffett in his private life isn't quite as island obsessed as jimmy buffett the performer
and songwriter and restaurateur which one would you rather hang out with because i think this
person's right that jimmy buffett would want to like you would roll up and jimmy would be like
hey good news the shrimp are about ready to come off the grill sit down let me get you a corona or
maybe a tequila from the margaritaville line um that would be more up your alley jack sparrow
would just be trying to steal your identity the entire time that's a good point that is fair you
never know where you stand with jack sparrow i guarantee like you trust jimmy buffett right away
because i doubt he has the energy to lie to you it's just like yep i yep i'm here for myself like
cool jimmy buffett thank you for being very upfront with me jimmy jimmy buffett is probably thrown
to 20 000 boat-based parties in his awesome amazing life and in none of them has anybody
ever been marooned and that's all i'm gonna say there is who would you want to stand side by side
with in a battle against like evil skeletal pirates uh jimmy jimmy buffett okay all right
buffett do you know why you got any others jimmy buffett has a lot of money and he lives nowadays
so he could probably buy like a big machine gun and just rip him the fuck up in a cloud of bullets
here's what i want here's what i want here's what i want i want fan art of james buffett and jack
sparrow standing together both in skeletal form they've taken some doubloons out of the the chest
and they're both holding the balloons they're both skeletons and they you can see the giant
clouds of weed in their chest cavities fuck yeah dude and maybe it's kind of seeping through their
ribs and they're both just like high-fiving and holding up coins some some mall kiosk t-shirt
spray painter just had a chill go up their spine uh folks that's gonna do it for us thank you so
much for listening we hope you've had a good time um thank you thank you a million times thank you
for your support during the maximum fun drive uh it was amazing and it was record-breaking and we
owe it all to you our beloved listeners so thank you for that for for supporting us and all the
max fun shows so heartily we really we can't thank you enough and um it really means the world to us
so so thank you thank you thank you um i as long as we're thanking people can i thank john roderick
and the long winters for the use of our theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to
bed you can dang dude thanks a bunch i saw somebody on the facebook group post that they thought this
whole time in the 300 oh my god this episode 350 y'all damn it we did it i want to finish the
thought but they thought that this whole time i'd been saying that the song was a departure
off the album putting the days to bed and that the term departure was like some hip lingo for like
a track off a off a lp but that's beside the point 350 we called the shot i think in like
the first 10 episodes of this podcast that episode 350 we would have kenan and kal on gentlemen
andy welcome to the shenanigans cow uh didn't get it together but maybe in 700 um i quick thank
yous for people sending stuff to the p.o box uh andrea sent a beautiful christmas garol thank you
rick and katie sent guy fury chip clips that i use actively every day shelby sent a lovely note
and picture kaylen for dnd stickers teresa sent some coffee diana sent me some preparation h thank
you very much and matt sent a charcuterie board that he uh that says uh 20 riveting on it oh i
got one of those display on my home yeah well i thanked him so you can all right piss off uh i
also want to say go check out all the other amazing shows on maximum fun.org there's a ton
on there that uh we're big fans of them all um and if you're interested in checking out the other
mcelroy based shows and youtube channels and twitters and p.o boxes and all that stuff
mcelroy shows dot com is your one-stop shop uh you all want that final yahoo yes heck yeah
this was sent in by kate davis thank you kate davis it's yahoo answers user they're anonymous
but they said i had a dream that mike pence kissed my forehead is that bad
my name is justin mcelroy i'm travis mcelroy i'm griffin mcelroy
it's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
do maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
