The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother and my brother me an advice show from the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
And I'm your baby brother Griffin McElroy.
Hi Griffin, you sound great.
Thanks!
You sound like you're in Japan.
I'm a muppet.
Well, Griffin, uh, uh, why don't you keep it down? Let your brother and I, uh, talk.
Just pipe down there, buddy.
Okay!
Griffin's in Japan, so he's not here, but we do have a fresh-
we didn't want to leave you hanging, so we got a fresh episode of Old Things for you.
It's fresh in sequence, I guess, so it's got that going for it.
This is our spooktacular best of Halloween episode.
It's terrifying how little effort they put into it.
No, it's actually terrifying the old bits we used to do.
It's the- it is actually horrifying how much work-
how much more work it takes to put together, uh, one of these episodes
versus just blathering on for an hour.
And I had to listen to all the old monthly observances.
Real quick before we get into it, though, we got some fun news for you.
We're going to be doing a- we've got six live shows booked before April-
or the end of April 2015.
There's a lot coming.
We got our first one, though, to announce to you, our beloved listeners,
is My Brother, My Brother, Me, Home for the Candle Nights, a holiday spectacular,
live from Huntington, West Virginia, our hometown.
Travis.
West Virginia, here's the thing.
West Virginia, it's closer than you think.
That's actually the state motto.
Closer than you think.
West Virginia.
We have been talking about doing a show like this for a long time.
We have no idea if anyone from Huntington will come.
We think they will.
Well, some of them, but we're counting on you folks to come in and hang out with us.
We're doing the show on December 21st at 7 p.m. at City Hall.
Tickets will go on sale Monday.
That's today at noon at MBMBAMCandleNights.BrownPaperTickets.com.
So if you want to get tickets for that-
They're only $15.
Yeah, they're 15 bucks.
It's going to be, we're going to avoid cursing, because it's a Candle Nights episode,
shooting for like PG-13.
You know, like we're going to try to avoid like the super bad words.
But hopefully it's something that the whole family can enjoy.
We have actually talked about-
Actually, I came up with this idea last night and I haven't asked you, Travis,
but I think we should have, my brother and me, family breakfast the day after
at Flapjack's to Napa, Huntington's finest combination breakfast and Mexican restaurant.
Well, how does one say no to that?
Yeah, you can't.
You can't say no to it.
It'll be fun.
Sawbones, the medical history podcast I do with my wife, Sydney,
will be opening for my brother and me.
So you're going to get a Sawbone show.
Our dad will be there.
I really think this is going to be like a one of a kind Huntington experience.
If you've ever been to Huntington, this is going to be your best.
This is going to be your best.
And it is not a rural town.
It is a suburban area.
There are many hotels for you to choose from.
There are many fine restaurants, which we will be happy to make recommendations for.
You should visit Pullman Square.
Pullman Square.
You can do some shopping.
There's lots to do in Huntington, but the main thing you're going to want to do
is you're going to want to visit us for our holiday.
Spectacular.
Family friendly.
But not like little kids.
They won't like it probably, but it's family friendly, I guess.
Let's hear like PG, PG-13.
PG-13.
But NBNBAMCandleLights.BrownPaperTickets.com is going to be the show at Huntington City Hall.
7 p.m. Tickets are 15 bucks.
It's going to be a hoot.
A hoot nanny.
I think it'll be a hoot.
So make the trip.
Come on down.
Visit us.
Hang out.
It's going to be, you know, it's going to be nice because we're going to be on our home turf
and you'll get to meet a lot of people that we know and hang out.
It'll be fun.
Okay, so with that being said, hit.
Welcome, my brother, my brother and me, where Travis has suggested we lead off the show
by mentioning the release of Thor.
That's his high energy opening.
Did you guys see Thor?
Hey, did you guys hear about Thor?
He's got this hammer thing.
A hammer?
Did you guys see Thor?
Yeah, he's like the Prince of Asgard or something.
Thor watch.
What's your cinch?
Thor watch 2011, Griffin.
How many...
The countdown is over.
The countdown is over.
I saw Thor.
There's a Thor signing up my Trader Joe's.
He's picking up some soft pretzel bread for Loki.
Thor watch 2011 is an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is not a gag.
I said, what should we lead the show off with?
And Travis says, Thor came out.
All right.
What else happened this week that's worth noting?
Thor.
Yep.
So as I mentioned, this is an advice show for the modern era and a Thor watch.
It's not a play a thing.
It's nautically themed.
Justin, can I tell you as somebody who on a weekly basis scours Yahoo!
Answers for things that are funny, there is every kind of play that you can imagine.
There's just no kind of play that is out of that.
I've been trying to find a way to talk about it on the show.
You guys know about age play?
Excuse me?
It's called age play.
I couldn't find a funny Yahoo!
Answer about it because they're all just so crushing.
But it's where one person pretends to be a baby.
Oh, look at him.
Okay, but now they pretend to be like a senior citizen at a nursing home.
You can.
You can do that.
The world is your oyster in the world of age play.
Fuck, you just got into the movies for $5.50.
That's so hot.
Tell me about that early bird special.
We're eating dinner at 4 p.m.
God, I'm a wreck.
Do you think that there are people that are like hardcore like goth enthusiasts or steam
punks or something and their idea of this kind of sex play is like you put on a suit
and you carry a briefcase and like you talk about spreadsheets?
They call it they call it norming it up.
It's norm.
Norm play.
I'm going to norm you tonight.
Tonight, let's just listen.
We're having casserole.
I want to plan the perfect evening.
Ah, we're gonna drink bed wine.
First, I want to light some candles.
We bought it back from Body Works.
And then I want to put on-
What's that on the TV?
Oh my God, it's a Becker marathon.
I want to put on that Mad Men soundtrack we bought at Target.
Just go crazy.
Well, go restrained on you.
And when that's done, I got Colby Callie lined up.
It's next on iTunes.
I'll open your delicate mouth and feed you some Oreos.
Can you imagine?
Goth people can't eat Oreos?
Goth people can't eat Oreos.
Why not?
They only like blood cookies.
That's true.
From Toll House.
Those are delicious though.
Mm-hmm, those Keebler elf commercials are fucked up though.
Keebler elf, come into the tree.
And I'll survive it.
Put a baby in.
Elk and blood cookies.
Introduce fat blood cookies.
Don't ask.
Hey, let's get into the questions.
My girlfriend and I have been dating for seven months now.
And we enjoy going out to eat every once in a while.
The thing is, when we order the food,
she takes it upon herself to order both her food and my food.
At first it was kind of cute, but now it's really starting to bother me.
Should I say something to her about it?
Or is this one of those things I need to let go?
Flustered in Florida.
Wow, that's so weird.
Yeah.
I've never heard of that.
That's not a thing that people actually do, unless they're in like a movie.
Well, what if when she ordered your food, you just screamed, wrong, close, but not right.
Let's go with a steak.
We were looking for steak.
Maybe she really knows him really well.
I would actually be a big fan of this.
I hate deciding what to eat at a restaurant because I don't understand the big words.
Like, what's a gru year?
What's a gru year?
I think he probably like picks the food.
I just think that like when the lady comes around, that she says like, he told me earlier
that he wanted to have the steak and gru year, so I'm going to order that for him.
Maybe or maybe like really mean and she thinks like he's overweight and doesn't want to say
anything about it.
So she's like really passive aggressive, like he'll have a salad.
Yeah, I'll have the chicken corn on blue and Tubby Tubbs over there is going to have a
shot of wheat grass and some disapproving looks.
Somebody skipped his morning jog so he gets a mixed green.
I think that you should probably ask out of curiosity, like very non-aggressive.
Hey, why do you do that?
Why does that happen every time?
Maybe there's a good loving reason for it.
What could the loving reason be?
Maybe you're really bad at like human interaction and she's saving you from having to make a
fool of yourself in front of the waiter.
Like she knows you're going to make terrible jokes about how you want your steak done or
whatever.
Like how do you want your steak cooked?
On the grill.
Yeah, she's trying to prevent that from happening.
My name is Fred and I'll be your customer this evening.
Could you steak me?
The first time you guys went out, did you embarrassingly order things like, I'll have
the hamburger because you hold the mustard and put the mayonnaise in a cup next to it
and stuff like that?
Maybe she just doesn't want to deal with your whininess.
Bring me the mayonnaise in a stein if you could, please.
I need a thimble full of vinaigrette.
If I see a pickle, I'm going to burn this restaurant down.
Sorry, Darlene.
I think you should ask to find out what the reason is.
If it's a good reason, it's not worth it.
Does it really bother you?
What you should do is just completely embrace this.
And when your lady orders for you, make eye contact with the waiter and just give a real
slow nod.
Yeah, like you're inviting him into your-
It feels like you're inviting him into your relationship.
That's another story I'll have.
She was correct.
Why don't you turn it into a contest where you tell her, listen, baby, I don't mind if
you keep ordering for me, but I'm going to order for you.
If I get to the waiter first, I'm ordering for you.
Yeah, well, it doesn't even have to be like that.
You can be like, who knows the other person better?
So like, she'll order something for you and she'll be like, I think he would like the
barbecue bacon onion burger from TGI Fridays.
And then you'll be like, she'll have cookies.
Sir, it's seven o'clock.
I know for a fact she hasn't eaten dinner yet because she's at a TGI Fridays.
I know what I said.
She'll have the cookies, please.
She'll have the cookies, please.
And a bowl of croutons.
I get a bowl of croutons, some of those cocktail swords.
There's one thing about my- I know about my girl and that she's got a big race coming
up and she's gotta carb.
Gotta carb up.
Croutons, please.
Just carb her.
Do you guys know what day it is?
Ah, God damn it.
Yep.
Oh, fuck.
It is May now.
I gotta go down the list though because I didn't pick it.
Oh, good, good.
Teen CEO month.
Oh, God.
Like Bieber, right?
Huh?
Like Bieber?
Like Bieber's the CEO of Bieber Industries?
Yeah.
Where did this company go wrong?
Maybe it was the milkshake machine.
This is mysterious.
React month.
Bang.
What was that?
I don't know.
I'll tell you in May.
National hamburger month, national barbecue month, a lot of food.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I need a whole month for hamburgers.
Like I'm pretty much up on those on the reg.
I made a hamburger last week on a grill.
I'm celebrating national hamburger year.
I'm celebrating national hamburger life.
What about eco driving month?
There's gotta be some tips, gotta be some tips and tricks.
Guys, you might have to dip into the weekly observances.
Please don't, Christ.
Teen CEO month.
Let's do it.
Let's help spread awareness.
Did you know that May 8th through 14th is national-
uh, salute to moms 35 plus week?
What?
Did you know that May 9th through the 13th is national etiquette week?
I don't-
I can't do these weeks with you.
I'm going to be straight with you guys.
This entire time as you've been talking about the weeks and everything,
I have in fact been picturing teen CEOs
and like Mr. Brad rolling in to the boardroom on a skateboard and saying like,
now there's a skateboard room.
Let's do teen-
Teen CEO month.
Mr. Brad?
Mr. Brad? Yeah, because that's what he has everyone call him.
He's like, Mr. Johnson's my father.
Call me Mr. Brad.
Let's start.
Let's start.
Okay.
I already started.
Okay, but in the form of a PSA, please.
Okay.
Hey, hey, teen CEOs.
They're just like regular CEOs, only shorter.
My brother, my brother.
Teen CEOs.
Teen CEOs.
They'll get dumped and lay off the whole mailroom.
Teen CEOs.
As long as your CFOs are grown up, this should be okay.
Teen CEOs.
Because an adult would want to run everything his way.
My brother, my brother.
That one is specific to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, by the way.
Teen CEOs.
Good luck sleeping your way to the top, felon.
Can I just talk more about Mr. Brad?
Tired of Shaggy songs not being pumped into your office 24 hours a day?
Try a teen CEO.
He loves that shorty one.
I wish I had more modern references to dip into.
Shaggy is the most modern you can go?
Shaggy is about as modern as I could go in terms of music.
If you want to hear more Limp Bizkit, try a teen CEO.
Is there one called Disco Panic?
Is that an outfit that the kids are listening to?
Yeah, that is a pop punk outfit.
All right, so you want to hear more Disco Panic pumped into your office 24 hours a day?
If you want to hear more brown-eyed peas, try a teen CEO.
Maybe they'll get Fergie to come do some motivational work.
That would be inspiring, I think.
How about Will.i.am come and help everybody get their group back?
How about this?
Teen CEO, profits are down 15%, but angst is up by 20.
I cut expenses just to feel.
Oh, shit.
Try again.
Try to save the last minute.
Make this bit worth it.
We're not too not familiar.
I have a jingle that goes just like this.
Gotta mash them up.
This is a mashup.
I'm trying to lead you in here.
I want to give you one more time.
Here's a mashup.
Girl talk.
Shit.
The lion in Tweed is a friend indeed, and he's also a podcast too.
Shit, no, fuck.
Lost it.
All right, that's a good start.
Here we go.
The lion in Tweed is a friend indeed, and he's also a podcast too.
And a lion in time is a fine feline, but don't let him devour you.
I gotta do something on Media Lab.
I made a Photoshop with me and my best friend Michael Jordan.
Actually, it was me and Michael Jordan and the cast of Space Jam.
It was called Me and Space Jam.
I gotta do another verse.
Second verse, we actually talked about the shit.
Didn't even mention a thing.
All right, here we go.
I took me and Space Jam and I turned it into a website using Media Lab's site grinder technology.
You can visit it, visit it, visit it, at griffinspacejam.com.
That was the worst.
For fear of dwelling too long in the buddy zone.
I have done so many-
Griffin, what exactly is the website for?
What are you doing there at Space Jam website?
Oh, is it just for your Space Jam fan fiction?
There's a story about me and Michael Jordan.
Listen, I got on a hot streak.
I was trying to find the exit off of that musical highway and I missed it.
And then I just had to keep going on the Michael Jordan Express.
You had no other choice.
What could you do?
Jesus, oh man, I'm going there right now, griffinspacejam.com.
Where can I hire an elf impersonator for my b-day party?
I am going all out this year and throwing myself a b-day party.
I'm an elf fanatic.
I think we could have assumed.
Yeah, I'm cool on elf.
I'm a minor elf enthusiast.
I bought my three friends three gifts to give me.
An elf lunchbox, an elf alarm clock, and an elf rock star action figure with guitar
and posable arms.
Let it sink in, okay?
Let it sink in.
All I need is an elf impersonator.
Where can I find this?
I would say, first and foremost, you need a few more things than just an elf impersonator.
I can think of 25 things off the top of my head that you need before you need an elf
impersonator.
I'm going to throw out this person has three friends.
Who apparently does not understand her penchant for elf.
They couldn't think, what's Carly all about?
Alf, I think.
That's maybe what you should do.
I'm going to throw out this person who has three friends.
Alf, I think, that's maybe what you should base your gifts on.
So tell me about this birthday party you're taking me to, Danny.
Yeah, it's going to be cool.
The guy's really nice.
There's this one thing.
Just a heads up.
Just a heads up.
If someone brings up Gordon Shumway, just roll with it.
He's a fan.
Welcome to Melmac.
We are not being particularly helpful.
You're right.
Where can they find an elf impersonator?
What's the number one?
Is there an accepted answer from the answer service?
Well, I'm reading up.
I don't know if you can see this.
I'm reading off a piece of paper.
Yeah, I don't have that.
I remember it because I looked it up.
Number one answer.
The midget store.
No, that's it.
No, you guys laugh.
But that's an excellent point because if you get an elf that
is like you get eye to eye with an elf, like he's the height of
a full grown man, like you will.
That's a I can't imagine anything scarier than that in my
mind than a six foot tall out.
You don't think like the whole situation is just terrifying.
I think the whole situation is terrifying in general.
But now you see, I thought this too.
Alf expanded to six feet tall horrifying, but not as horrifying
as that moment when you reach for the punch and you're like,
oh, oh, right there.
There's a whole emporium of oddly sized like 80s sitcom star
impersonators.
Could we make this like a giant Webster, like horrifyingly
gigantic wonders with killing power.
She's a robot, but with killing power.
Yeah, she's basically still cute as a button, but she's nine
feet tall.
She's sweet as pie.
Her arm does spin around to become a machine gun.
She's a darling that she's hooked up to Skynet, but
otherwise a real sweetheart.
I think that like if you are if you are a midget who a little
person who will go to who does birthday parties, if you are
an alpha impersonator, you don't care.
You've got the suit, right?
Like you've got the suit in your house.
There can't be enough of those just rolling around that call
me what you will.
I need the money real bad.
Is this guy going to be able to handle meeting alpha in person?
Is this guy going to be able to handle the pressure like I
could I could I am starstruck.
Let me pause it.
Another question.
Can we just get the real out?
What's he up to?
What is out been in since out?
Oh, fucking stupid off.
He's got to be doing something right somewhere.
There's a clock.
There's a room you could walk into and there would be elves
hanging from the ceiling.
Do you with that reality?
Let's just like dead eyed looking right at you.
We were talking about this.
We were talking about this backstage actually just rapping
about off.
How fucked up is it that Al's real name is Gordon Shumway, but
people still call him out like he told them his real his real
ass name, right?
Like, hi, I'm Gordon Shumway.
That's just that's shorthand bigotry is what that yeah.
Alphys is slave name.
That's what you're saying to me.
I'll edit that out later.
Fuck.
You know, a lot of people don't know this.
LeVar Burton played elf.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
You laugh.
It's true.
He's multifaceted.
Not just a blind man, also an extraterrestrial with a real
taste in the world.
Extraterrestrial with a real taste for kitties.
Ladies are like, like mad sexy.
They're like super sexy.
All of them.
A hundred percent guys.
We don't have like, unless I blast my core, like Bradley
Cooper style, unless me and Coop hit up the gym and do some
yoga lattes and blast our pecs and cores, just whale on them.
Or even Bradley Whitford style.
See, that's my jam.
I would take a Bradley Whitford core at this point.
Forever a Whitford.
Maria Cooper.
This one was sent in by Cameron Daigle.
I'm sorry I said his name like that.
Thank you, Cameron Daigle.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Monkey Pot Tree Nut who asks
Pregnant with twins.
Are these good names?
I was thinking of cute.
Wait, can I, can I, can I prognosticate an answer?
Sure.
They are not.
I was thinking, I was thinking of fun and cute names for my
twins, boy and girl.
Heart.
I'm also inspired by a lot of celebrities.
Their children have such unique names.
Anyway, here it goes.
Starting with a girl's name and then a boy's name.
Jam and Ham Smith.
Nice.
Lola and Boba Smith.
Boba?
Sammy and Sammy Smith.
Now hold up.
Sammy S-A-M-I and Sammy S-A-M-M-Y.
Oh, Jesus.
Law and Lee Smith.
That would make, that would make Sophie's Choice really tough,
wouldn't it?
Take Sammy.
You guys work it out.
Can you say Law and Lee?
Law and Lee Smith.
Sugar and Spice Smith.
Oh, God.
That's got my-
Wait, is the boy Sugar and the girl Spice and the boy Spice?
Nope.
You had it right.
Oh, God.
Sylvia-
You know what that boy is?
A teen runaway.
Sylvia and Silvio Smith.
Because they're living in a Shakespeare comedy.
Apple and Pear Smith.
Oh, God.
Which pear is your favorite?
Thanks.
I like apple and pear.
Just like fucking turn your whole family into some big, awful fruit salad.
Big stupid-
Just a big dumb compote.
Did my boys in the Yahoo Answers crew, did they have any votes?
Yahoo Answers user, you know you love me, said,
great for dogs.
How's your burn?
Hey, check your face.
It's on the ground.
I just rammed your face to the deep fat fryer because it burned so bad.
I burned you so hard.
Pretty good one.
Pretty good zinger.
Okay, someone said jam is an adorable name for a little girl.
No, it's not.
Nope.
Hey, I take you as my bride, jam.
Excuse me?
Hi, I'm jam.
Hi.
That is a fucking power play.
Oh, jam.
What does that mean?
It means that before I was even born, my parents decided they hate me.
They hated me already.
You got legitimate grounds, like mom, dad, you hate me.
Like they, yeah, it seems like it.
Can we come up with some other rhyming couplets for this later?
Sure, sure.
Food based, maybe, since most of these are.
So like, these are my kids, hot and pocket.
What rhymes with would be better off adopted?
Mark.
Mark, that's not quite it.
But what about Julie and Julia?
These are my kids, Susan and Schmoozin.
This is my son, Schmoozin.
I'm very proud of him.
I love him dearly.
What about, can we call him Pepsi and Coke?
Pepsi and Coke.
Pepsi.
Can you choose between my kids in a blind taste test?
What is that, uncle Kevin?
No, thank you.
Can you call one Mountain Dew and one Dr. Pepper?
I'm Dr.
This is their younger sister, Mr. Pim.
I am Dr. Dr. Pepper Smith.
This is my brother, Jam.
This is our poor, this is our poor cousin, Dr.
Thunder.
Just keep having twins until you can fucking
stock a refrigerator with your children.
But don't do that.
I can't, I can't state this strongly enough.
Sweetheart, we ran out of Miracle Whip.
We gotta have a, we gotta have a kid, I guess.
And name him that.
How does this work again?
I don't, I don't understand.
Let's go, let's go, I'm confused.
You name the kid the food, but it's, I'm still hungry after it.
Oh, these, the poor hell, the poor hell that these kids are being born into.
Okay, here's what you need to do.
Whenever you think about what you're going to name your kids,
just set up some practice sentences in your head.
Like, yeah, like, hello, my name is Jam.
Like that, oops.
I would love to work here.
I want to be a doctor.
I'm your Dr. Jam Smith.
I'm Dr. Jam.
This is my partner.
No, I take it back.
Dr. Jam is perfect because you're setting him up to be a professional sports person.
Dr. Jam.
And this, this is my boombox.
He's my resident.
I'm going to cut into you and fix you.
Yeah.
Now, this is my resident boombox and I'm Dr. Jam.
What's wrong?
What, how can I help you today?
I'm in a private practice with Dr. Kreigenstein.
Take it back.
These are awesome names.
Who is that in the corner?
It's Ham.
It's my brother Ham.
He's on the ones and twos.
He's going to mix while I cut in.
Yeah, so I think they're all pretty good.
Griffin, let's do this thing.
What are they short for?
Hamilton and Jamilton.
And our country's 53rd president was, of course, Jamilton P. Smith.
How about a Yahoo?
Because I've got a lot of them.
Gimme, gimme, gimme.
Oh, this will be good.
This one was sent in by Jacob Blocker, who's just the best guy.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Ice Cream Eater, who asks,
should I build a disco playhouse for kids in my backyard?
Yes.
Let me explain.
I had this idea in the back of my head for a while, and I liked a little advice.
And that's what we do here.
I myself was a 70s kid and disco fever never died in my heart.
What if I built a mini studio 54 in my backyard?
What?
I could get a disco ball, a stereo for my old record player,
and a Pixy Stix vending machine.
I'd love to dress my kids up like 70s celebrities like John Travolta,
Barbra Streisand, Mick Jagger, and such, and make them dance and have fun.
Should I go through with the idea?
Hey, you fucking kids.
Hey, you fucking kids.
You don't look like you're having fun.
We're gonna make you have fun, Babs.
I'm gonna make you have fun.
Little Babs, dance with little John.
Have fun.
Do your best, Jagger, because you're Mick Jagger.
Do it.
Snort this Pixy Stix.
Snort it.
That's what he means, right?
My Pixy Stix?
Oh, Christ, yes.
What colors should the inside of the disco playhouse be painted?
Should the disco playhouse have windows or no windows so it's dark inside?
Yeah, I think the color of massive amounts of psychological suffering.
That's really gonna-
Puse?
What color would you paint the inside of the disco playhouse door?
If the disco lights, disco ball is turned on, and me and the kids are dancing,
would it be better to have curtains at the entrance of the disco playhouse
to block out any outside light or no curtains and close the door?
I think-
Holy fucking shit!
Jesus Christ!
Which is the one that keeps Jesus out?
Is that curtains or is that a door?
Cause if he could see, he's gonna kill you instantly and take you to hell.
Himself.
And he doesn't like to go down there.
Wow!
So-
Dog.
You-
Dog!
No, no windows.
No, you owe it to your brood.
Your ruined brood to make sure that their fucking friends, their cohorts,
in elementary school aren't gonna see them dressed up in polyester jumpsuits
and snorting pixie sticks with their dad!
It's too late!
Their dad-
Their dad inside!
You killed him already!
They're dead inside and outside if you let them snort pixie sticks
in a tiny studio 54 you built in your backyard!
Hey, I know I only get you kids on the weekends, but listen.
Listen, look what I've been working on all week.
I've been working on a discotheque for you and your little-
Do your friends want to come?
You want to have your little friends come?
Dad, we're 26.
We're 26 years old, dad.
You know, you know, I heard your friends talking about how much you love the Gap Band
and I was just, oh, that's a conversation that never happened, nor will it ever?
God, I miss the 70s.
Yeah, I miss the 70s too.
Hey, do you guys want to make a wild cherry reunion group?
Like we'll get a little wild cherries is what we'll call it.
Motherfucker.
How?
Okay, no windows, no doors, no walls.
Don't do it.
No problem.
No problem.
You never had-
Listen, I've had some fucking stupid ideas too, okay?
I'm there with you.
Like I've had some ill-advised notions that my wife has had to dispel me of.
I tried to order my own dinner once.
That did not go well, for example.
This, or is it great?
Like I want it to be going on in the world that I live in.
I just don't like the idea of it happening to real people.
Yeah, I don't like the idea of a dad like consulting with his children.
Like, should there be a fuck room?
Like dad, daddy.
Should we just have like a champagne, like a champagne tent maybe?
This is the, this is the stupid slide.
It's cutted in vodka.
Crazy.
Tonight.
I think that you're never too young to indulge in all of your mind and heart's bacchanalian desires.
Unless the only party guests have the same last name as you.
In which case, you're always too young.
It's just gonna be me and the kids partying like it's 1973.
The kids.
No.
The kids punked out at like 10 30.
They went inside and watched Babar.
But I stayed there just twirling.
Just wildly twirling to the sound of Donna Summer.
Hoping that if I spin fast enough, I'll reverse the rotation of the earth
and travel back in time to grown-up Studio 54.
To adult Studio 54.
The one good thing about this is you're really gonna prepare your kids
because for the rest of their life, they can always say,
no matter how sad or weird things get for them,
they can always say it's neither the saddest nor weirdest thing they've ever been a party to.
And when your kid becomes the Bay Harbor Butcher
and they're constantly trying to peel people's faces off,
they have a pretty justifiable reason for why they are that way.
Hey, I just want to say, I don't want to creep you out, but I think you're beautiful.
Can I teach you how to roller skate?
Will you come to Lil 54 with me and let me teach you?
We're going to Lil 54.
I hear Lil Elton John is there playing Lil Crocodile Rock.
The kids love it.
What if it turns out to be really fucking fresh, though?
What if it's dope and every kid wants to get in?
What if it's dope and everyone wants to be your kid's friends because of it?
They have to stand behind a tiny velvet rope
and have sex with the tiny doorman to get in.
Stop it.
That's not good.
You're weirding me out.
That is what will happen.
I haven't seen the movie in there, a movie called Just 54, and it's just like-
Just Mike Myers and Ryan Phillippe.
And they're just fucking in big pits of bubbles all the time,
when the bubbles are made of LSD.
And then three flamingos are there.
What if the dad is the only one that gets coked out
and he just rolls around the dance floor welcoming kids to his party?
Welcome to my party.
Welcome.
Welcome to Little 54.
Michael's over there in the corner if you want to go play with him.
What do you mean I can't get in, Little Bouncer?
I made this place.
I built this out of my own two hands.
I am Little Studio 54.
You can't cut me out, David.
We built this together one weekend, if you remember.
Hey, if this happens, can everybody-
Can we crowdsource this and just say, everybody, go outside,
look in your backyard, look in your neighbor's backyards,
and if you see this, if you see this, can you just call me?
I'll give you my number.
I need to know.
It's been a really rough month, and I could really use this in my life right now.
Can you believe us?
So far, so good.
So far, so great.
Were we ever so young?
A lot of classic bits there for your enjoyment.
We want to take just a second to visit the Money Zone with you
and tell you about Prosper.
Actually, Travis, you tell me about Prosper.
Well, Justin, have you ever tried walking to a bank
and asking for a personal loan to pay off something like credit cards
or home improvement or maybe just start a home business?
I tried to take out a loan for a funny business, I told them.
I got some- And what did they say?
Believe it or not, no.
They said no, those assholes.
Well, there's a better way to borrow money, and it's called Prosper.com.
Basically, think about it like this.
If you have something that maybe is in a regular loan
or even something you would get from a bank, a car loan
or something along those lines, Prosper.com makes it simpler.
You don't have to go to a bank.
They can take care of it for you.
They can also do things like if you have expensive dental work
or a move across the country.
Teresa and I just did that, and Prosper would have helped out a lot
if I had thought about it, but I didn't because I'm a stupid head.
And they can help because basically what it is is a peer-to-peer lending site.
So there are people out there with money to invest,
and there are people out there that need that money.
So this works for both parties.
You can borrow up to $35,000 at a low fixed rate
without ever setting foot in a bank.
And the thing is, you can also borrow smaller amounts anywhere.
I want to say it's from $2,500 to $35,000 depending on your needs.
So if you're sitting out there and you're thinking,
oh, I've got all these student loans and I want to consolidate them.
Okay, great.
Get a loan for that, and then you got one loan payment to make.
If you're sitting there saying, oh, I have to replace the furnace in my house
and it's going to cost $3,000 I don't have.
Maybe you have a medical bill that you can't pay off
and they're not giving you any kind of payment plan.
Go check out prosper.com and I think that they might be able to help you.
You can check your rate instantly without affecting your good credit
by going to prosper.com slash my brother.
Maybe you don't know your credit score.
Maybe you've been afraid to go into a bank
because you think that your credit score is too bad.
Go find out.
And for a limited time, listeners to the show will get a $50 visa gift card
when you get a loan.
So on top of the money you're getting from prosper,
you get another $50 to do with whatever you want.
So that's just free money.
You got to go to prosper.com slash my brother
and you get up to $35,000 in your account in three days
and a $50 visa gift card.
That's prosper.com slash my brother.
Check it out.
Other restrictions apply.
See site for programming visa prepaid card details.
This card is issued by center state bank of Florida
in a pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. All personal loans are made by West
Web Bank, a Utah Chartered Industrial Bank member FDIC equal opportunity lender.
Now, Justin, what voice would you say that that was?
That was just like business guy voice.
Now here's my-
I thought it was lazy Patrick Warburton.
Now here's my web guy voice.
My brother, my brother, me is supported by Squarespace
and all on one platform that makes it fast and easy
to create your own professional website or online portfolio.
You don't have to sound like me to create websites.
I understand why you would assume that, but it's not just limited to folks like myself.
Even-
There don't have to be bodybuilders out there that sound like that too, right?
Even you plebeians out there can create a website with Squarespace.
There's support team available 24 seven if you get lost.
It's got responsive design.
So whatever website you make, it's going to look great on your computer,
but also on your phone or on your tablet or whatever on your Google Glass.
Maybe not Google Glass.
I don't actually know about Google Glass, but for just eight bucks a month.
If you've been your second net, if you've been looking for the time to get into web design,
there's never been a better time than this because Squarespace is going to make it easy on you.
So here's what you're going to do.
You need no credit card.
You're just going to start a trial and start building the website
because you're going to go to squarespace.com and you're going to use the offer code,
my brother.
That's all one word, my brother and get this.
You're going to get 10% off your first purchase.
Squarespace.
A better web starts with your website.
Go check it out you dummy.
Trav, I got a message for you.
For me?
Yeah.
It's well, no, it's from, it's for Adam Calfee and it's from Guy and Gordon.
Okay.
Okay.
And it says to read in a spooky voice.
So I'm going to give it my best shot.
Adam Calfree.
Wait, no, I'm going to stop you right there.
Would you do it in the pallbearer voice?
Okay.
Adam Calfree.
That's right.
We said Adam Calfree.
I actually have to, you can't see this.
I'm actually stroking an invisible urn.
I can't do this.
Does the pallbearer voice, is there some kind of weird stutter that makes you put an R in his name?
No, Calfee.
Okay.
Let me try again.
Adam Calfee.
That's right.
We said Adam Calfee.
This is a birthday wish from Gus and Jordan.
We hope all the spooks, ghouls, and ghosts come out for your big spooky 30th birthday.
It's pretty fucking spooky.
I also like that the message is from Guy and Gordon, but it's also from Gus and Jordan, apparently.
Do you have any other messages?
Yes, we do.
We have a message for Alicia.
This message is from Dan, and Dan says, Hey, Alicia, hope you're having a great day.
See you later.
Love, Dan.
Very cool, Dan.
Very good use of your money, Dan.
Nailed it.
Nailed it, Dan.
Alicia is very, very impressed that you have such disposable income.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know if Alicia is your sister, your wife, your imaginary friend, your business
partner, whatever.
Your second life wife.
I think she is going to be won over by that hit message.
So anyway, with that housekeeping business being done, let's get back to the show.
And don't forget, if you want a message on the Jumbotron, just go to MaximumFun.org
forward slash Jumbotron and you too could hear your weird, simple message on our Money Zone.
I said back to the show.
Hey, I like this girl, but I'm afraid to ask her out because we haven't spent a lot of
time together.
However, I'm sure if I wait too long, the whole thing might peter out.
What should I do?
Form spring.
Does he know a guy named Peter that's going to soup his lady?
I don't know.
So 58 episodes in and that's the final answer.
This is where I finally admit that like, I don't get these people that like, sometimes
we get these questions and the answer is so obvious that I think they're fucking with
me.
Like, hey, hey, just ask her, dummy.
Like, just, just, you can't.
If you don't ask her to spend time with you, you can't spend time.
How do you think that happens?
Like, you're not filling up like a giant novelty like thermometer on a donation board.
You don't have to spend X amount of time before you ask her out.
You just like hoping you get stuck in an elevator.
Just ask her to go fucking.
You want to go ice fishing with me?
Hey, I hear there's going to be a tornado warning on Thursday.
Do you want to come to my basement and like, it'll be hilarious.
Do you want to get accidentally stuck in a freezer with me?
So we can recap all the great times we've had together.
Like in that one episode of Perfect Strangers, because then I can ask you out.
Cute meets.
They don't happen in real life.
No, they don't.
They do not happen like that.
Do you know how you spend more time with someone?
You ask them out.
Yeah, just ask them out.
You're ready.
Peter, which I'm assuming is your name.
Oh God, I hope so.
And he uses the phrase Peter out to mean something awesome.
Yeah, he says whenever he leaves the room.
Peter out?
Check this out.
Check this out, Peter.
You wait too long and you die.
Oops.
I could have loved her forever.
Now I can't.
You got any big plans this weekend?
Yeah, man.
I'm going to go to Zaxby's and totally Peter out.
Those people aren't going to know what they saw.
It's going to be heinous in there.
I'm just going to let loose and Peter out.
I'm just going to Peter out.
I've earned it.
I've earned one fucking weekend of petering out.
I think I've sold.
I sold all the shoes at Foot Locker.
I think I can have one weekend of petering out.
I think I think I've earned that.
They can't take that from me.
Hey, hey, hey, you can take as much alimony from me as you want.
You'll never like my my ability to Peter out was not part of the settlement.
Depra.
Can I say something about Tim Allen?
I don't care for the man's comedy.
All right, let's just hold on.
Let's stop.
Let's just do home improvement time.
OK, OK, I want to say something about Tim Allen.
This is a public service message from your friends and my brother and brother me.
OK.
I don't enjoy the man's comedy myself.
But do you realize what kind of a salesman you have to be
to walk in his studio exec's office and say, I'm going to make a show about.
I would make a show about a guy who hosts a home improvement show
and he has a fat bearded friend and a man that lives in a fence.
Could I have a million dollars?
Let's run this for 12 seasons.
I want to run this for it's going to run for 12 years.
It's about a man in a fence and a dwarf.
When you say a dwarf, when you say man in a fence,
he sounds like some sort of fable.
Hi, my name is Wilson.
I'm a fable.
I'm your neighbor.
Here's some wisdom.
He did grant wishes.
Do you guys?
Everybody on that show, they I think they all like sort of simultaneously realized
they weren't going to do any better work and then just kind of just kind of fell off.
Right.
Do you know how many executive producers that show had?
I bet you're going to tell me.
I bet you're going to tell me nine.
That just seems to here's the public service message.
OK, OK, I feel like your life is directionless.
They probably need someone to executive produce some improvement.
When I go over there, put in an app.
There's my brother, right?
That shows been off the air like 13 whole years, but they're still making.
What do these guys do?
I mean, they're still making it.
It's just not being.
We still make home improvement.
You might not see it.
Yeah, it was part of that.
You know how we have a strategic oil reserve?
We have strategic reserve home improvement episodes.
The price of home improvement is so high.
We have got to bring it down.
Somebody send out some VHS is.
Well, ever since the war in Libya started and Muammar Gaddafi started like hoarding
his home improvement, like we've had to start slowly releasing our home improvement
to keep the costs down.
Hey, we don't guess what, Mr.
President, we don't approve of trading young soldiers blood for episodes of home improvement.
Yeah, that is not acceptable.
Do you know how we're going to fix that situation in Libya, though, for real?
Do you know how we're going to how we're going to fix it?
How we're going to air it out?
How Griffin?
Wait, I have a guess.
How?
More power.
Yes.
Here's here.
Let's do some actual PSA.
Yes.
Hey, hey, well, that's not PSA.
Don't start with a third of really that conversation.
We'll do it anyway.
Hey, if you see Zachary Ty Bryan on the street, why don't you give him a buck or two?
He could really use the help.
My brother, my brother.
I know it seems like a good idea at the time, but don't put a V8 engine in a dishwasher.
It only leads to pain.
My brother, my brother and me.
Oh, my brother, my brother.
Richard Karn is swag as fuck.
My brother, my brother and me.
Dude, don't let Richard Karn turn into the next Ray Combs.
Tell him how much you appreciate him today.
My brother, my brother.
Have you hugged a Richard Karn today?
We can't find your keys.
Check Richard Karn's beard.
My brother, my brother.
Did you put my keys up there again?
Dick Karn.
I put my keys in Dick Karn's beard in 1994 and they were never seen again.
That's where we keep the reserves.
Hey, do you want a Yahoo?
Yeah, redeem yourself.
This one was sent in by Andrew Binder.
Thank you, Andrew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user LOL, who asks,
is it normal to be sexually attracted to...
Anybody want to guess?
Yes, I want to guess my answer, no.
Numbers.
Numbers.
Is it okay to be sexually attracted to numbers?
He adds, I admit I am gay.
Well, okay.
But there are some nights where I take the algebra book back into my room
and jack off to the numbers.
Number three is my favorite because it's so sexy.
Well, yeah.
It looks like a sideways butt.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
It adds up or maybe ups like sideways balls.
There's a lot of things that that three could be.
And sideways boobs.
It's not okay.
Three is pretty hot.
Let's break this question down.
The first, my biggest problem with it is that he says,
I admit that I am gay as if that has any bearing on the situation whatsoever.
If you're straight in the numbers, then that's cool.
Yeah.
Or like, is he saying that that's like a side effect?
It's like one out of every 100 people who like people of their same gender
also would like to fuck a number.
What's the sexiest number, everybody?
See this, listen, we're not ready to have that conversation yet.
We'll get to that.
But I think we need to come up with some rules first.
Okay.
Are we talking about fucking the idea of a number?
Are we talking about, I have the important thing is not to fuck anything under 16.
Well, we're not going to think of anything funnier than that.
God damn it.
Are we, but I mean, are we talking about like fucking an actual,
like if we could manifest this number into an actual shape,
which shape would be like the most pleasurable to like rub up against?
Do you have to pick a numeral?
A numeral or cause like there's so many combinations beyond that.
I'm saying what is the hottest numeral.
We have to set a limit.
Cause I could just say like 16,783,492.
And then that's a fucking orgy.
Once you get that number,
let's say between zero and a hundred.
No numeral, a numeral between one zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, nine.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yes.
It's zero.
Nope.
Nope.
You're off.
Zero is mysterious.
Travis, you're a fool.
Justin, do you want to guess?
Well, zero is not bad.
I think seven is the sexiest number.
Travis second guess eight.
Yup.
What's up two holes.
How did you get there?
Two holes.
Which one is down?
Do you want the top?
Do you want that solid, that solid hefty bottom?
Or do you want the narrow, the slightly narrower top?
And also it recalls, it recalls snowmen, which everybody would all agree.
Always hot.
I shouldn't impress my, my feelings on people.
Here's if I were to defend eight, I were to say it's obviously not three.
Right.
Because the three is just half an eight.
You cut it sideways right down the front already.
Sure.
Why have a, why have, you could have two threes already.
It's called an eight.
A number one.
How are you supposed to fuck that?
Really?
Yeah.
Zero.
That cavity is gigantic.
No.
Yeah.
That's just a, you're just begging to feel inadequate.
Two.
I think you could make a case for it's, it's got a nice curvature, which you guys know.
I'm a fan of.
Yeah.
You do like curvatures.
The problem with two and five and seven.
Yeah.
And that's it.
Where, where do you put it?
Yeah.
I see what you're saying.
Where do you have to have intercourse with the numeral?
And that is what we're saying.
Right.
Then a three would be tricky, but I think you could, you could do it.
Yeah.
I think so too.
I would like to know when this person discovered this problem because it,
it could have made for like the most awkward math class ever when he's sitting there and
the teacher's like, say I have 12 apples and I take five away.
What do you have?
And the answer is boner.
Hey, Hey Griff, are there any answers?
Do you want to help him out at all?
Uh, Diana Quimby says, I like 69.
Oh, that's cool.
Nice try, Diana.
Um, so many, so many.
Um, okay.
Says yes.
Completely normal.
Have fun.
You're not hurting anyone.
I disagree.
Now I agree with the second half of that sentence, but let's not throw around
terms like completely completely normal.
Um, you robbed the words of their power.
Yeah, I'm a Gleek says everyone has their quirks, I guess.
So neon Nathan, guess what number Nathan, a number Nathan.
What's up with number Nathan?
He's over there.
He's playing math blaster and he's fucking jerking it.
So right to math blaster number, nookie, Nathan, number, nookie.
Nathan jerks it to math blaster.
I heard on the end, I heard he is the math blaster.
Math blaster is what he announces.
He announces it loudly.
This one was sent in by Metal Gear Jim, which wasn't his Twitter name.
That was his actual name on like on the email.
So maybe it's about Yahoo Answers user, John, who asks, could I take Tyra Banks?
John is five foot five, 130 pounds.
And I don't work out.
My GF just said that I wouldn't have a chance against Tyra.
What's the scrappiness?
Like is his scrappiness?
It doesn't include his power rating or anything like his special abilities or anything like
that.
But I got to say, even if you were about six inches taller and like 20 pounds beefier
and you did work out, have you seen how fierce Tyra Banks is?
And look in her eyes.
Plus, there's just her large like collection of knives that she carries on her person at
all times.
Well, yeah, but we're talking about model.
You're just like hand to hand like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're talking about a backstreet brawl.
No chains, no pipes.
Just the fists of a man named John and the fists of a supermodel, Tyra Banks.
Are there any holds barred?
Uh, let me check.
There is one hold barred.
Okay.
You can't say anything mean about her eyelashes because she's actually that's her weak point.
She's really sensitive.
You also can't bring up the time she spent in Paris modeling with her mama going from
agency to agency trying to find someone who will take her under her wing because she gets
very emotional.
She she went through some shit in gay Paris and I think that that hardened her to like
people tell her people tell her she will never Mattel.
I've heard her say that just like that.
Can you translate?
Can you just click Google translation?
I use Google translation said you can't do this.
We don't believe in you.
You have bad eyebrows.
Was that the word?
That's how they say it in Paris.
The eyebrows is about your ease.
Um, listen, John banks will come at you like a fucking Wolverine, not like Wolverine from
X-Men, like a rabid Wolverine and also kind of like Wolverine from X-Men, like both Wolverine
from X-Men and like a rabid fan of Michigan.
But on the bright side, like the next day when you see your friends and they're like,
Oh my God, what happened to you?
You be like, Oh dude, Tyra Banks fucked me up.
She's got reach.
First of all, she's got reach on you because she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a
reach on you because she's a she's a tall, beautiful lady.
Her being beautiful has nothing to do with her reach.
I just wanted to go ahead and put out the opinion that she is, in fact, an attractive
woman.
She's got nails, probably, right?
That's safe to assume they're probably sharp and just fierceness.
We can't stress the fierceness enough.
Yeah, once you're down, once you're down on the ground, bleeding like a bloody heap, she's
not going to stop.
She will literally kill you.
Do you think that he could take Tyra Banks if she were in her fat suit?
Oh, no way.
Are you kidding me?
You could kick her down a flight of stairs.
She wouldn't even notice.
Could you take her in her hobo suit?
Yeah, her hobo suit.
Yes.
Tyra also should be noted has a weave, which is basically bionics, right?
Unfair made integration.
Good news, John.
You won.
She got disqualified.
She got disqualified for the use of bionics.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yeah, how about this?
This one was sent in by Gali Ayali.
Thank you, Gali Ayali.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Yeti Education Committee.
Do you want to go ahead and imagine what the tone of this question is going to be?
Somebody finally stepped up and started educating these Yetis.
You dumb fucks.
Yahoo Answers user Yeti Education Committee asks, do you think it is possible for Yeti
to accept Jesus Christ as their savior, or does God not want Yeti in heaven?
Assume the Yeti speaks English, the language of Jesus.
Fuck me.
Fuck.
Okay, fuck, fuck, fuck.
This question supposes so many things.
First of all, do people who not speak English, are they just automatically,
they just don't get to go to heaven?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
That shouldn't be my main problem with this question, but nope.
It's the first thing that gets sprung to mind.
Yetis have souls, I think, but they're like pet souls.
Every rock and tree and creature has a soul.
Rocks I'm going to quibble with you on, and probably trees.
All right, well, trees grow.
What kind of trees?
Not fir trees.
No, fuck fir trees.
Deciduous trees.
Deciduous trees have souls.
Coniferous?
No.
Are you saying you don't want trees in heaven?
That's what this has to boil down to.
I don't want deciduous trees in heaven.
God may or may not want Yeti in heaven.
I certainly don't.
What if, like, maybe he lets him into heaven, maybe he doesn't,
but he starts spreading a rumor that there's some Yetis up there?
Wouldn't that be a bummer if you got to heaven,
and again, the existence of the Yeti was not confirmed?
It was rumored, like, can you leave giant paw prints in clouds?
All right, if my choices are to be ever tortured by the possibility of Sasquatches,
or to be literally tortured by having my arms torn off by Sasquatches,
which is their favorite activity,
I would go with the former every time, because I love my arms.
I hug with them.
If you're Kevin's friend, of course, that wouldn't matter so much.
It wouldn't be quite so big of a deal, but I'm not acquainted with Kevin.
I like my hugs.
The Sasquatch is a mythical creature,
which means that he comes down from heaven whenever he's on earth.
Like, if you see him on earth, that means he's vacationing, basically.
The Yeti is an angel?
Yeah, he's down there spreading the word of God in English,
Jesus' language, to the penguins.
Do you guys know my favorite episode of Touched by an Angel?
It's the one where the Yeti came down
and fucking hung out with that Scottish chick.
Touched by a Yeti.
I like the one where Roba Downey-
Crushed by a Yeti.
I like the one where Roba Downey ripped that dude's arms off.
I'm a Yeti sent by-
Grrrr!
Ramp.
Give me that arm.
Arms ripped off by an angel.
I think the big surprise for this guy is gonna be when he gets to heaven
and Jesus is a Yeti.
This whole time.
I know you guys were like arguing-
He speaks Arabic.
You guys were arguing like, is he white?
Is he Arabic?
What's this?
Nope, you missed it.
Not even human.
I'm a Yeti.
Yeti.
Guess what?
The big man, big God, he's a Yeti too.
I'm cutting his image.
Pretty much everybody.
Loki, he was a Yeti.
He's a Yeti.
He's up here making tricks and jokes.
Thor is half Yeti.
Thor is half Yeti.
Jim Morrison was a Yeti.
This whole time he's a Yeti.
Jim Morrison won't be in heaven.
Don't be ridiculous.
Jim Belushi, complete Yeti.
Shaved Yeti.
Getty Lee, his actual name is Yeti Lee.
He's not dead yet, but he is a Yeti.
Yeah, that's where he gets all his bass groups from, from his Yeti powers.
Bootsy Collins, most basses and bands are Yetis.
Most people you see on the streets are Yetis, I would say.
Guys, I have something to tell you.
Yeah, tell me.
I'm a Yeti.
That's why I didn't get into heaven, because I'm already like a resident.
We've been saving it for the season finale, and this is the twist.
Shocking reveal of my true nature.
I've got Yeti DNA and skin and like Yeti skin and fur and teeth and stuff.
That person you had at the live show didn't look like a Yeti.
It's because it wasn't me.
What?
It was an actor?
It was my familiar.
Every Yeti gets a familiar.
One human familiar.
So that was mine.
His name is Mike.
He's pretty cool, I guess.
Yeah, that's just something I hope that you will still let me do the show.
Honestly, Griffin, I don't know that I'm comfortable.
I think after the summer, we'll leave this as like a cliffhanger.
To recap, Griffin told us a Yeti, and we may not let him stay on the show,
and Bernard, our lovable lab tech, was shot in a hold up, and he's in the alley.
We don't know if he's going to live or die.
He has no arms, but I had nothing to do with that.
Stop trying to pin this on me.
Especially you without arms.
That's impossible.
Could be in so Yetiest, Yeti-phobe.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Sarah, only it's spelled with like weird characters.
I'm not going to get into it.
Sarah asks, is my we didn't start the fire continuation decent?
What?
Okay, like it says, decent.
I know it's not good, and some parts don't flow well, but that's okay.
It's supposed to be 1990 through 2009.
I don't know a lot about the 1990s, so there's a little lack of that.
Hold on, what universe is this?
Are you ready?
Wait, Griffin, you've got to do it to music.
You can't not do this to music.
I can do it acapella.
Okay, okay.
Then I want you to go back and find the music and play it underneath it for me.
Okay.
I don't know.
Okay, I'll try.
Okay.
Middle East, CSI, Twin Towers, Wi-Fi, eBay, Dan Brown, Sarah Palin,
global warming, Madonna, internet, marijuana, Obama, Titanic, Harry Potter, organic steroids,
animation, cell phones, immigration, Facebook, Walmart, Google, modern art,
E. coli, bird flu, Michael Jackson, Peter New, Hans Zimmer, Green Day, Guantanamo Bay.
Oh, God.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Hold on.
Did you say Louis Gossett?
I don't think I said that.
Did I hear E. coli bird poop in there?
E. coli bird flu.
Bird flu.
Bird flu, okay.
What was, no, did they say Louis Gossett?
I don't think they said Louis Gossett.
Can you, can you elucidate the last stanza for me?
Again?
E. coli bird flu, Michael Jackson, who knew, Hans Zimmer, Green Day, Guantanamo Bay.
What?
Okay, all right, hold on, hold on.
Wait, who knew what?
Who knew what?
I, I guess that Michael Jackson was gonna die.
And if that is the case, then everybody.
Okay, I wouldn't, my bigger problem with this is not about the flow of her lyrics,
but more, do we live in a world where this gets updated like the encyclopedia?
Like at the end of a decade, it's like, well, we need to go back and add a couple of stanzas.
By the end of time, we didn't start the fire.
It's gonna be eight hours long.
Yeah, it's gonna be an epic poem written by poet laureate, Billy Joel.
I'm glad, I'm glad somebody's stepping up here because like, I don't want our school
kids to be like, and then in the year was 1990 and after that there is no more history.
I mean, Sarah touches on some good points here.
I mean, definitely, definitely CSI and Twin Towers and Wi-Fi should all be
sandwiched together like that.
Pretty much, they're pretty much like the same level of stuff, right?
Right, Dan Brown definitely deserves to be remembered forever for his work.
And Hans Zimmer, who knew?
Wait, Hans Zimmer?
Yeah, you know.
And Harry Potter's in there?
Harry Potter's in there.
He's up in the mix?
I'm down with that, that's a revolution.
That's great, Hans Zimmer?
Like, what contribution of Hans Zimmer's are you honoring here?
Like, did you feel, is it, oh, excuse me.
He did the motion picture soundtrack for Pirates of the Caribbean on Stranger Tides.
So that makes perfect sense.
He did that OST, so of course you're gonna, yeah.
I mean, what are we forgetting here?
There's gotta be some other important events.
Like, Iraq, Afghanistan, something like that.
Or you said Middle East.
Pirates of the Caribbean on Stranger's Tides.
Iraq, Afghanistan, Pirates of the Caribbean.
How about Robert Downey Jr.'s return to the screen?
That's a pretty big deal.
Robert Downey Jr.'s return to the screen.
Like, I don't think so.
Now, what about Grey's Anatomy and then the spin-off Private Practice?
Here's what's, I'm looking through this, and I think my problem isn't,
my problem is what didn't make the cut.
Yeah, so like, oh, Dan Brown made it, but not Hurricane Katrina.
Like, so Sarah Palin is up in the mix.
Not 9-11, though, so.
No, well, she said Twin Towers in that sort of shorthand for 9-11.
Never forget Twin Towers.
It could be, see, it could be referring to the second Lord of the Rings movie.
It could not.
No, it could not.
Grey's Anatomy is made for you, Kung Fu Panda 1 and 2.
There, I think that's better because it gets some like super important cultural stuff.
I think that it would be better if it was all just not like what happened in the world,
but like a personal recount of your 1990 to 2009.
So it's like, met a guy, we broke up, went to dinner, met some people,
then I went to college, and it was pretty cool.
And it was just like a personal telling of stuff that happened in your life.
Can you explain to me the sort of sliding scale that puts going to dinner with some people
and graduating college on the same import?
Like, it was a good dinner.
It wasn't, it wasn't a very good college.
It wasn't a very good verse.
It was mostly a party school.
I graduate and still a fool, and I went and got on Yahoo Answers with this song.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Rebecca Rose, who asks,
what would you consider to be personality traits of an ideal stallion?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh, go on.
No, I won't go on because that's all that this question is.
Like, literal stallion.
Yeah, like a, like a, like a horse, like a proud.
Well, I think we can all agree, unbroken spirit.
Unbroken spirit.
Unbroken legs also is important.
Less of a personality.
I think discreet.
Able to keep a secret.
What is the application of that?
Why do we need a discreet?
Well, Griffin, if I knew the application, I wouldn't, I wouldn't tell you.
I mean, I'm trying to be like a stallion here.
It defeats the point of discretion if you just go and your wiener pics everywhere.
Hey, hey horse, why did you tweet this picture of my wiener?
Hey horse, I didn't give you my phone.
That was between us.
That was between us, horse.
What if I came to you in confidence?
What kind of smartphone could a horse possibly operate?
This question is ridiculous.
So there's another good personality trait.
Dexterity.
Dexterity, like, yeah, manual dexterity.
Um, tail, a smooth tail, a proud tail.
That's important in races.
And also not a racist.
I don't like a horse.
I want them to love all horses and humans equally.
Open-minded.
Yeah.
It's okay if they're biasing against fat people because that's like a health issue.
Yeah, they'll snap right in half.
Um, I think, I think you gotta, it's gotta have some wisdom in its eyes.
Mmm, that's good.
I think when you look deep in that horse's eyes, you've gotta know that there's, there's,
there's feelings stirring around in there, you know?
And no bugs.
No bugs.
I hate it when a horse has bugs in there and it won't even use its comically long tongue
to lick them off.
Or sweep the way with its mane with a flourish of its proud long head.
Um, have you mentioned-
I just love horses so much.
I love horses too.
I love their thick trunks and I think that I need a proud horse.
I think I need a proud, um, gelding.
I want a, I want a horse that's gonna be more like a best friend.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right, right.
And maybe we go on adventures together and like, my cowboy hat falls off and he picks
it up for me and nudges me forward and drives me on.
That's so great.
I just, I want a horse I can hang out with in every possible definition of the term.
Yeah, just a horse who's fucking cool.
You know, not uppity like some of those other horses.
I just want to hang out.
I want a horse that if I joke like, maybe today you can ride me, he'll laugh, but he
won't take the joke too far.
Yeah, very painful.
They're very heavy.
I've, I've ridden a lot of pintos that will just like take the goof and run with it.
And it's like, now it's weird pinto and I have to put you down.
Now I have to destroy you.
Because I know you're not discreet.
I was trying to forgive that.
But now I want a horse that knows that when I have to destroy him, I have to do it.
Sure.
Like he's, he's, he feels bad for you because of the position that he is putting you in
with his broke ass legs.
He knows it's going to hurt me more than it's going to hurt him.
Yeah.
I want, yeah.
And I want him to make it easier on me by hurling some really hateful shit.
Like hateful shit about my parents and loved ones.
Oh, like I bet you won't do it.
You coward.
You coward.
Well, that's it, we are, we're putting the horse before the cart.
You've got to, you've got to, you're supposed to put the horse before the cart.
Shut your fucking mouth.
You've got to have, see that's the kind of talk that'll get a horse shot.
He has got to be able to talk.
He has to possess.
Yeah.
Which is, what's the point?
Which is rare.
I think.
Mare.
But worth, worth a couple extra bucks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll drop an extra.
Oh, that's a big, he has to be cheap.
He has to not cost a lot of money.
So we need a cheap talking horse that's able to use a smartphone and will pick up my cowboy
hat with tenderness.
Just discretion for miles.
That should be his name.
Discretion for miles.
Discretion for miles.
I want one that doesn't make you kill it to get the glue out of him.
Yeah.
Just show me where your glue is.
Give him your glue, you stingy bastard.
He's got some glue.
You want to be able to lactate his glue gland.
Mm hmm.
Exactly.
For a quick patch job.
I think that.
Your horse feet.
Is it too much to ask for a winning smile?
No.
A winning smile?
I couldn't, I couldn't understand you.
I would like my horse to enjoy eating apples.
Can we make that happen?
And oats.
Yes.
Don't mistake my fingers for carrots.
I'm just giving you this carrot.
Silly doof.
Can we give an apologetic horse for when he does nibble your fingers?
Rainbows behind him leaves rainbows.
Can we get a rainbow horse?
I want a horse with a horn.
Okay.
Okay.
That is a unicorn, but.
No, because it doesn't have to be on his head.
It could also be a deer.
Like a buck.
A buck is basically a horse with a horn.
What about a horse with like mini horns that makes it like a spiny exoskeleton?
Ah, and maybe fire shoots out of his nose.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Can I, and he can fly.
Yeah.
And also he's got a big saddle on it and you can ride on him.
And he's got like a tank gun.
Yeah, he's got a tank gun for a mouth.
He's got like howitzer treads on his legs.
Fuck yeah.
And he can fucking like fly through space and shit.
Yeah.
And he's, he can shoot, he can shoot blood out of him.
So fucking discreet.
Just discreet as shit.
He will never tell anyone about any of this.
I want to ride.
Oh, maybe he looks like a regular horse by day and then an awesome space tank spiny horse.
Holy fuck.
Like a he-man.
Transformer horse.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm a tank.
I'm a horse.
Come here Shia.
Shia, come here.
Grab my mane.
Feed me oats.
I'm gonna shoot blood out of my face.
I'm eight feet tall.
I'm a big robot horse.
Does it look like a robot horse?
Or does it look like a regular horse that transforms flawlessly into sort of a fleshy,
mane-y.
And sprays blood everywhere in the process.
And it's killed.
That's so important.
Shia, you're probably gonna want to step back a little bit further.
Here's your Gallagher, your Gallagher poncho.
Just tuck into that real quick.
Transform from a horse into a horse tank.
You may get soaked, you will get wet.
With horse blood.
With horse blood.
That horse is not going to survive the transformation process.
I'm sorry.
I'll never tell anyone.
You are rending parts of that horse that you will not be able to reattach.
No, no.
How come every time we talk about fucking horses on this show, we always talk about just mutilating?
How does that keep happening?
Because there's something about destroying one of God's most beautiful creatures.
We basically-
So powerful and majestic.
I just want to kill it.
We've been going on this show for about 15 minutes now, designing the perfect horse,
and we reached a point where we reached perfect horse that like nobody's ever been able to
conceive of before, and then we ruined it.
Well, yes.
We as human beings often are jealous of the power and majesty of a horse,
and then it's time to destroy it.
We reached the index of horse possibilities.
I think that the most important thing about a horse,
the most important personality-
Let's get back to personality for a second.
Okay.
I think the most important personality of a horse is that it not be too beautiful,
because then you want to destroy it.
Like if you got like some Jared Leto looking motherfucking horse,
you're going to want to take a ball-peen hammer to its temple instantly.
It's too beautiful.
It's just like Fight Club.
You just want to destroy something beautiful, you know?
Yeah.
Just smash its face in with another horse.
Slash, glass menagerie, glass horse with a horn on it somewhere,
and you just want to destroy it.
I just want to slam two horses together.
Find the god particle.
Oh, shit.
Live from the spot, rough and raw, at our daddy's house.
We're at our daddy's house.
Let me check the date.
I just opened up the calendar.
It's pasta party 2011.
Good.
Welcome to our daddy's house.
We're live from our daddy's couch.
Let me check this.
Let me check the spaghettometer, because it looks like we're going full-blown pasta.
Spaghett-it on.
Let's spaghett-a-ghett-in 2011.
As you well know, as you've probably guessed, we had a-
We carbo-loaded pre-show here in Ironton.
Our stepmom Carol fed us a bunch of spaghetti.
We're fucking primed for carbo-
Who fed us spaghetti?
Who fed us spaghetti?
Yes, I will.
She's looked down at us and said,
you're not fucking funny enough.
Eat some more spaghetti.
She shoved spaghett-fistful after fistful of sweet spaghett into my mouth.
I am ready to blow.
Noodle up, you unfunny fucks.
It's time to get spaghett.
You got spaghett.
Okay.
I'm a lesbian, and I, uh, okay.
That was British, okay.
I'm a lesbian, and I recently cut my hair, but now I'm having second thoughts.
Before, it was all the way down to my waist, and now it's more a men's style cut,
although still long enough to show my loverly curls.
I think it looks cute.
It's very low maintenance, and it seems to be net positive with the ladies.
But I've noticed that strangers are ruder to me.
Should I stick it out and get used to being perceived differently by people,
or grow my hair long and lovely?
Or grow my hair long and lovely again, so as to fly to the gay-dar,
and avoid the occasional embarrassing mistake about my gender?
Fan from the post-lesbian apocalypse.
Is she asking us if she should be proud of her lesbianity?
Her lesbianics?
She wants to be a lesbian.
She doesn't want to be mistaken for a dude.
But I do have to tell you though,
this decision is largely out of your hands for the next month or so.
So here's my advice, try it for a month and see what you think.
If you still don't like it, grow it long then.
There are worse things that you could be mistaken for than a dude.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Liam Gallagher.
Liam Gallagher.
No, fucking Bieber.
Bieber.
You can look, you can get a Bieber, a sweet Bieber bowl,
and then you are in a lot of trouble.
Unless your name is Justin, and your last name is Bieber.
And your middle name is whatever Justin Bieber's name is.
Saul.
Saul.
Justin.
Justin Saul Bieber.
Justin Shmuel Bieber.
No, here's all that coming.
You know what, it actually is Justin Osama Bieber.
A lot of people don't know that.
Usain Bieber.
Justin Hannah Montana Bieber.
You know what, if you like it, if you like your haircut, it's yours.
It's your haircut, own it.
Yeah, fuck people.
Listen, if they're gonna think you're a dude,
they're obviously somebody you don't know very well.
That's a pretty good litmus test as to whether or not they're useless.
Hey, are you a dude?
No, like fuck you.
Get out of here.
I don't, like I obviously don't want to chill with you.
Look at my shapeliness.
Look at my shapely curvaceousness.
Look at this womb-basting body.
Excuse me?
Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot and slightly androgynous like me?
Is my favorite pussycat doll song.
There are so many though, it's hard to choose.
Yeah, there are so many.
Buttons is good too.
Buttons is good.
Pushing up my buttons, I like that.
Mr. Boombastic.
Mr. Boombastic.
Mr. Boombastic.
Oh holy night.
Don't make me sweat.
That's another one.
Duel of the fates.
Pussycat dolls are the most flexible artists of our times.
Femme from my closet.
They are unstoppable.
The Declaration of Independence.
Yeah, that hit song.
Declaration of Independence.
What?
Now you're just giving me documents.
The Rosetta Stone.
The Sphinx.
The Empire State Building.
What are we doing?
We are fucked up our pasta.
Oh shit.
Oh my god.
Holy shit.
Jesus.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
You can just call me a self spaghetti.
I'm feeling this pasta vibe.
How about one final Yali?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This one was sent in by Galiayali.
Thank you, Galiayali.
It's by Yali Lancer's user.
Oh no.
The picture itself is pretty wonderful.
The real Marty Janetti.
Except no substitutes.
Are you guys soaking in that image?
That tiny thumbnail?
Yeah, it's a wrestler and he's holding a belt.
Usually if I don't know a celebrity, they're a wrestler.
TheRealSomethingSomething asks,
how can I convince my girlfriend to dress up like Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka?
I am in love with two ladies.
Okay.
My sweet little blueberry, aka my G friend, and Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka.
I think it's so sexy the when Violet inflates into a sphere
and would love to see my lady do the same.
How can I convince her that this would be both fun and sexy?
She doesn't realize it yet,
but her nickname comes from my number one screen crush.
I bought the costume last week and I'm fighting up the courage to ask her.
Please, any suggestions?
P.S. Not like in the new crappy Johnny Depp Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
That CGI looked horrible.
Only Mel Stuart's version.
I can't, I can't finish unless it's the Mel Stuart's version.
You look, right now, Rashonda, you look beautiful,
but you look like that shitty Johnny Depp version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Honey, I got you this outfit and this bicycle pump.
Let's go to town.
Yeah, we are going to give you some artificial juice filled dumps.
You ever hear that thing where it's like,
if you press this button, you'll get a million dollars,
but someone in the world will die.
Yeah.
Do you press the button?
If I can guarantee it's this guy,
I'm just going to start hammering on it.
Oh man, how stealth do you have to be about your number one screen crush
that you have given this girl a nickname,
which is my little blueberry and she doesn't know what it's referring to.
You have to watch this movie like on the reg, right?
Like, and you could tell he's got like a half motor,
like when she walks in the room.
She swells, he swells, baby.
That's how I do.
That's gross.
That is so unpleasant that you would like that so much.
If you're going to get, if you're going to jerk it to anything in that movie,
why not a Goose's Gloop getting sucked up in that chocolate pond,
that chocolate tube?
I feel like, I feel like we've just found a really great psychological test.
There's like, if you had to jerk it to one scene in Willy Wonka
and your answer means something.
How about if you jerk to any second about that movie,
which is primarily about, primarily about murdering kids.
Boy, there is, you know what?
As angry as I was about this guy,
there is a much more unpleasant gentleman
whose fetish is a little boy stuck in a chocolate tube.
Yeah, there's that.
You don't have to lay it.
The parts of your brain of fear and arousal are right next to each other
is anything scarier than that,
the look on that fucking kid's face when he's surrounded
by plastic and tiny orange men and sweet chocolate.
It's like, it's heaven and hell, baby.
He knows death is around the corner.
What about the girl that gets thrown in the incinerator?
Yeah.
That movie is terrifying.
Why, why am I so erect then?
Oh, that was a bad-
There is no earthly way of knowing why I have this huge boner.
That was a bad anarchy.
Well, no, no, no.
There is no earthly way of knowing why my boner is still growing.
But the bulge is surely showing.
Is it shrinking?
Is it blowing?
And the semen now is flowing.
I had a lot of fun here today, Trev.
Goose and goose and goose.
Goose and goose.
But I think we also learned something.
I know I did.
I did, I learned that I miss Griffin and I hope he's back from Japan soon.
I miss Griffin too.
Got some reminder here for you.
MBMBAMCandleNights.BrownPaperTickets.com is where you can go to go buy your tickets for
My Brother, My Brother, Me, Home for the Candle Nights, Holiday Spectacular,
featuring Sawbones, 7 PM, December 21st at Huntington City Hall.
Huntington City Hall has a beautiful theater in it.
It's replete with history.
We are going to be able to hang out all weekend and chill with you and have fun.
And it's going to be great.
It also is really going to be like a homecoming for us because we all three grew up doing
theater in that auditorium in that theater.
So it's going to be literally like our home turf.
We have the most experience being on that stage.
It's going to be a really great show and you will not want to miss it.
I think it's going to be a lot of fun.
So make sure you get tickets.
They're 15 bucks.
You know, buy them for an early Christmas gift.
What a surprise.
Thank you so much for this.
Speaking of Christmas gifts.
Yep.
We also launched all that new merch we've been talking about.
Finally.
It's up on MaxFunStore.com and we have so we've had a poster that's only been available
at live shows.
That poster is still only available at live shows, but you can get the red version on
the store.
We have our sticker packages, our button packets, the coolest patch you'll ever see in your
entire life.
Guaranteed.
Our pack your bags and move away tote bag.
We've got two prints up that are the NBNBAM 2013 and the NBNBAM 2012 year in review.
And of course, our T-shirts are up there.
The P1's nasty gum and our question mark T-shirt.
And the quicker this stuff sells out, the faster it moves, the more likely it is that
we'll keep putting more and more new stuff up there.
So get it for yourself.
Get it for a loved one.
Buy it now before it sells out because it's been going fast.
Everyone's been talking about it on Twitter and I guarantee we're going to sell out of
this stuff.
It's all at MaxFunStore.com.
Go get it.
While you're on the internet, go to YouTube.
Go to YouTube.com slash NBNBAM and you are going to find a bevy of hit clips to enjoy.
We broke 4,000 subscribers, which is great and we really appreciate it.
And the more subscribers we get, the more stuff we'll do.
If we hit 10,000 subscribers, I get to use the YouTube studios to do whatever I want
and probably just film myself eating sandwiches.
And who doesn't want to see that?
It's a sight to see.
It's like a freak show.
And I'm going to-
You won't believe how many toppings the geek puts on his sandwich.
He eats it all in one bite.
And I'm going to keep putting up new videos.
I'm going to try to do like two or three a week.
If you haven't gone, go check out the amazing animated videos that Tyler Crowley did for us.
There's a new one of Pizza Clone that is just incredible.
It's like NBNBAM 2.0.
You're going to absolutely dig it.
So go check those out.
Tell your friends.
Share those videos all over the place.
It's why we're making them so people will listen to them who don't normally listen to
the show.
So make sure you share that.
And while you're at it, just share the show.
Tell a friend.
We haven't brought that up in a while, but the best advertisement we have is you.
So if you're in a car with someone who's never listened to the show before, maybe pop it
on.
Maybe send someone a link.
Maybe make them watch a clip of the show.
Something.
And let's get the word out there.
We're on Twitter at NBNBAM.
We're on the Maximum Fund Network.
There are a ton of other shows there.
Throwing Shade, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Judge John Hodgman, Jordan Jessico, Bullseye,
The Goose Down, Lady the Lady, One Bad Mother, Destination DIY, Baby Geniuses, The Fop House.
I could go on forever.
I would like to spotlight Baby Geniuses because I am now their producer and I am working on
putting up their episode, which should be up a couple hours after this one.
And you should go check it out.
It is a really good episode, you guys.
And then go listen back to all their other episodes if you haven't already.
Who's the guest?
Who's the guest?
Let's see.
Emily Gordon is one of them from the Inside Kids.
Is that right?
Indoor Kids.
From the Indoor Kids.
From the Inside Kids.
No, that's a joke from Kurt Braunholt.
What is this globe in the sky?
Kurt Braunholt called them the Inside Children and now I can't get that out of my head.
But go check out the show.
You're going to love it.
Just go ahead and subscribe and download all the episodes when they come out.
They're one of the new shows we added to our lineup for Max Fun Week along with
Fop House and Destination DIY.
And trust me, all three are incredible.
Do not miss out.
So that's going to do it for-
Oh, we also want to say thanks to John Roderick of The Long Winters for allowing us to use
the theme song It's a Departure off of the album Putting the Days to Bed.
Go buy it if you haven't already.
I assume everyone's listened to it and everyone's bought it eight times already.
But if you haven't, go buy it.
Maybe buy it on vinyl if it's available and give it to someone for Christmas, for Candle
Night.
It makes a beautiful, beautiful-
What's the other one?
What's the one that he and Jonathan Colton did for Christmas?
Oh, crap.
The title escapes me.
Okay.
Well, go check out-
One Christmas at a time?
Yes.
I think.
Yes.
Go check out John Roderick and Jonathan Colton's Christmas album.
It's going to make your Candle Nights.
Maybe you haven't had any friends or family ever, or maybe your friends and family don't
love each other.
Well, here's the thing.
You put on this Candle Nights album, it's going to fix all that.
Okay.
Now, that is actually going to do it for us.
Remember to go get your tickets.
We have sold out every show we've ever done, usually in less than an hour.
We have a lot more tickets than that for this show, and it is not in a large city, so we
think that you will have a better shot, but-
But don't wait.
Don't wait.
Don't sleep on it.
15 bucks gets you in, and the web address, again, is nbnbamcandlenights at brownpapertickets.com.
If you got questions, just ask us.
And that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We don't have a last Yahoo this week.
So, Travis, what should, like, how do we end?
I'll make a big fart sound.
Okay, cool.
You got to say, oh, yeah, I go and do that now.
Pretty funny.
That's solid.
Huh?
You're not going to get goofed like that on any other network.
You're still talking.
That was supposed to be the end.
I'm sorry.
Try to go.
You got to say your name.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
