The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle brother, Travis Mario McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Crash Griffin McElroy Bandicoot.
It's time to power up!
That's the stinger that I produced.
Yeah, do you want to hear it again?
Yeah, click play on it because I know you pre-recorded it and play it again.
It's time to power up!
That was really good, Justin.
Yeah, we're getting pumped for the triple, Electronic 3. We are psyched out of our minds,
not going. So stoked for it this time.
Well, you can take the boy out of the games industry,
but you can't take the games out of the boy because I swallowed like
14 Nintendo DS cartridges back in 2009 and hadn't seen them yet.
I swallowed a lot of those Switch cartridges. They tasted bad, but I couldn't help it.
Yeah, you get them down fast enough you don't get the taste in your mouth. Nice try though, Reggie.
Can I tell you guys what I'm really excited about at E3?
Yeah, I know what it is.
Justin has reminded me of it, or I saw it was Griffin.
I can't wait for that new Crash Bandicoot game starring Randy Bandicoot.
Yeah, we all love Randy Bandicoot. He's the nasty Crash Bandicoot who cusses and-
Finally an NC-17 Crash Bandicoot game.
And with Randy, you get all the jeans. He doesn't cut them off at the calf.
He goes full ankle jeans and he cusses and has a gun. So we're all-
I'm looking forward to that.
We all love Randy Coot.
I'm going to say this, but I'm not sure that I'm correct.
I believe Randy Bandicoot is owned by Nintendo,
so that's probably going to be the big Nintendo installation this year.
I think 2016, it was Zelda.
2017, it was Mario. 2018, Randy Bandicoot.
Randy Bandicoot, love it.
There's a new Mario everybody's looking forward to.
This time it's sort of more serious.
And he's older in this one. He's like 70.
So old Mario's coming out.
And then this one, I think he's got a grandson.
And he's teaching his grandson about how toxic masculinity is bad.
And he's like, you use your rage to fight, but you use your heart to temper it.
What are you looking forward to, Justin?
The Master Chef, that's right, Gordon Ramsay, is back in Halo.
And it's just called that.
Yeah, sure.
And that's all we know so far.
But we can speculate about what's going to happen in the game.
Yeah, it's almost like the developers of Halo panicked
because they couldn't think of a funny joke fast enough.
And so they just sort of said the first thing that came to their mind.
Now, why would they be trying to come up with a joke, Griffin?
That doesn't make sense.
PlayStation 5.
Oh, okay.
I've been out of the loop a little bit.
Is PlayStation 5 going to be a sort of going concern at the big day?
I'm looking forward to Xbox XXD.
I'm looking forward to Ubisoft press conference.
Tony Hawk is supposed to come out and just apologize to everyone.
And that's something I've been looking for.
I mean, I need that to move on.
Now, Griffin, you said you were worried about excluding people.
So if you don't follow video games very closely, you may not have gotten that.
So I was hoping you could take a few minutes
to just explain why that last joke was funny.
Sure.
So here's what happened.
Nintendo press conference 2013.
Nintendo came out and they're like, here's our new system.
Everybody's going to love it.
It's got it all.
Mario, Zelda, the Eternal Darkness 2,
all the games you've been looking forward to.
And this is just the prototype is the only one that we've got,
but it does a billion pixel graphics and is free.
And everybody's, and Tony Hawk doing his dumb shit,
kickflips up onto the stage, knocks it over and breaks it.
So none of us got it.
And instead we got the Wii U, a real bastard of a video game product.
And so he's felt really bad about that for a long time.
I will also say, so as not to exclude people,
if you are going to E3 and you don't care about video games,
um, please, please, please, please get some chicken tenders.
Got you.
Let me know how they are.
Because I'm not going to be able to make it this year.
And chicken tenders are my favorite part of E3.
So if anybody's going to be there,
feel free to tweet pictures to me of your chicken tenders.
Get them.
Let me know how they are.
If you see Big the cat,
please ask him to be a guest on my brother, my brother and me.
Got you.
We would love to have him.
Never had a cat.
I'm excited for, uh, I think I heard some scuttlebutt this year.
Nintendo's got a big announcement.
They're finally ready to release the Game Man.
Yes.
He's all grown up and he's ready to fuck.
Tetris, I mean.
That's right.
Fuck Tetris is the first game announced for the Game Man.
It takes eight very horny AAA batteries.
Very sexual flesh colored AAA batteries.
It takes 16 of them.
Every time you clear a line and you slot that last little, uh,
tetromino into the hole in such a pleasing way,
there's just a dude and he comes in through the bad Game Man speakers
and it's just like,
Oh, yeah.
So don't play this one at church, kids.
Wait, Scott, you like-
Did you like when the Game Boy was black and white?
Well, this-
The Game Man's got a new color and it's jizz.
Oh, no.
Oh, now that word's just there, Justin.
Oh, no.
I didn't say it.
Shigeru Miyamoto said it in his original design document for the Game Man,
recently unearthed by the Library of Congress
and some rogue game developers just made the Game Man
without Nintendo's express written permission.
It's a hub-licensed sequel.
This is the problem I have with the Game Man,
is that I don't mind all the updates they've made to the graphics cards
and the sound cards and all the new game.
That's all great.
Why did they have to give the Game Man realistic muscly arms?
I find it off-putting and they're fully artic-
Like they move on their own.
I do not care for it.
I got knuckle tattoos that say ready to jerk it
and they gave it extra fingers
so it would have room for all those letters.
I got home from work the other day
and my Game Man that Nintendo sent me early, I came home.
He was just grilling up some steaks out on the back porch
and I was like, that's not safe.
And he said, he said, cram it.
Oh, no.
And he kicked my ass.
Yeah.
Oh, no Griffin.
I said, I said, Game Man, what kind of beer do you want?
And he said, bad.
And I said, can you be more specific?
He wants a bad beer?
He said, here.
So that's all he cared about.
He doesn't have a palette for a great beer.
He just wants to guzzle down whatever's around.
He made me do 60 pushups in front of my wife, the Game Man.
I don't care for it.
You know, I'm willing to review it now.
I'll say, listen, maybe they'll do some updates
that will make him not so angry
and I do look forward to that.
But like, come on Nintendo.
He pushed me into an umbrella stand
and said he fixed my car.
But here's the thing, guys.
It wasn't broken.
And I would say on a stack of Bibles, it wasn't broken.
So I don't know what exactly he did.
Now I will say this about the Game Man,
is that I will love this 40 pound mobile game console
that kicks my ass and makes me do pushups
in front of my wife if they just put Animal Crossing on it.
I'll do that for you.
It's the thing about the Game Man
is he doesn't have a screen.
So he's just telling you what your character is doing
in Animal Crossing.
And you can make requests.
You know, it almost seems like Nintendo
has just hired a fleet of men
to come to my house and yell at me.
And they don't come with games
and they seem to just be human men
who Nintendo has sent to bully me.
I don't understand this.
What is this business plan, Nintendo?
Oh, I wish I could tell you, Chad, but I was left in disgrace
from the games industry, so.
You know what's so powerful about my brother,
my brother and me?
We can all agree that the Game Man segment
was excellent and good.
And in a traditional writer's room,
what they would probably do is say,
what's funny about E3, keep throwing things out,
and then eventually hit upon the Game Man
and then put that into the show that they're doing.
But what's so powerful about my brother,
my brother and me is we're gonna use all of it.
We're gonna harness all the things we said before
when we were trying to find something funny
and that will still be there for you.
You could see the roadmap, you know,
because you see some of this stuff on TV
and you think, how are they coming up with it?
And on my brother, my brother and me,
we have the courage to say, here's how.
Guessing until we get lucky.
Just kind of closing our eyes and spinning around a lot
and pointing at something.
Yeah.
Knocking down all the vases in the room
until we find one that's full of rubber chickens.
Yeah.
How about a regular question, though?
How do I convince my boyfriend to wear shorts more often?
He's got the legs and ass of a Greek god
and the world needs to know.
He's not self-conscious about his body.
He just likes blue jeans.
And that's from Gam Loving Girlfriend.
What a frustration to keep those beautiful pipes
under denim wrap.
Yeah, if only there was some way
that you could wear jeans and shorts at the same time.
No, it's not that, Trav.
You don't understand.
Sometimes, I'm at home right now.
I've been working from home all day.
I could have changed into shorts at any point,
but I'm wearing these denim boots because it's for me.
Now, there is another compromise here
and that's that you gotta get those,
that George Michael jeans
where it's just you can see it,
all the definition of each nut.
It's just right there for you.
The world is yours.
Do you mean, Girlfriend,
because the jeans be so tight
or because they be so ripped up?
I think both is good.
I think if you can get the rips mostly in the calf zone
so that people can see a neat striation effect
as if to show how old your jeans are,
that can be really good.
But otherwise, you just want these puppies
as tight as possible.
Gripping, gripping, always gripping.
Well, you can also get some sliced up jeans
in the butt region.
So it's like, oh, is there a butt in there?
Yes, there is.
There is.
That's confirmed.
You know, maybe he's just trying to break in
a new pair of shrink-to-fits
and you gotta wear those.
Jesse Thorn says you have to wear them for 17 years.
You put your baby in a pair of tiny shrink-to-fit jeans
and then you don't let them escape
until they graduate high school and that's true
because they grow with you.
They form to your body.
Jesse Thorn says that?
That's what Jesse Thorn says.
Jesse Thorn says that on the graduation day
that they can emerge from their old dirty jeans
like a chrysalis, but until then,
they must grow in the same pair of jeans,
same pair of shrink-to-fits.
So if your boyfriend is breaking in
a pair of shrink-to-fits,
that is an investment that you may not appreciate now,
but much like the hen saving corn
as the grasshopper played in the field,
once the fall comes around,
you'll be so excited about these great jeans
and the investment that he put into them.
So at the end of that parable, Justin,
is the grasshopper come around like,
hey, I wanna eat some corn?
I'm a grasshopper?
Hey, I know I'm the world's first corn-eating grasshopper,
so really the world shouldn't be surprised
that I didn't save any corn because who knew?
But I saw your corn and I was like,
fuck, that looks good.
I know it's about a hen.
There's a hen in there somewhere.
There's a hen in there somewhere.
She asks a bunch of things to help her plant the corn
and they say, maybe it's just a bunch of different animals,
none of which are grasshoppers.
That's possible.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking of.
And all of them are wearing some really tight, sexy-ass jeans.
Yeah, for sure.
How about a yahoo?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Fizz.
Thanks, Fizz.
It's anonymous yahoo answers user, so I'ma calm.
I think this is the Papa John guy
and this advertisement says,
no, it's the coach of some sort of sports team,
but he sure as hell looks like the Papa John's man anyway.
Papa John asks,
can the Cavs theoretically sign me to a 15-day contract
if I could win them the championship against Golden State?
How much maximum would I be able to earn in 15 days
if I can win the title for the Cavs with my sidekick, LeBron?
This is an interesting question.
I don't know anything about basketball contracts
or the sport at large,
but would it be possible if I put up my highlight reel
of dunking in six threes
and then somebody at the Cleveland Cavaliers sees it
and says, these are two factors,
these are two things that we are deficient in
is dunks and threes
and then sign me for two weeks and change
to get in there just as long as they're playing
the Golden State Warriors and I can get in there and win
and then the contract's over and I'm free.
Well, Griffin, I think so because I remember not too long ago,
I think it was about two months ago,
when you injured your knees in that freak accident
and then they healed in such a way
that you could dunk like a dunking machine.
Yeah.
And so I could see that happening as like,
maybe just one day you're at a Cavs game
and somebody drops their popcorn,
but whoa, you jump and you grab it
and they're like, who was that?
Yeah, because my flubber knees,
and thank you for bringing that up, Trav,
but definitely haven't brought that up before
because I wasn't trying to keep it private or anything,
but yeah, I guess let's talk about it.
Yeah, I got hit by two different cars at the same time.
You had one for each knee.
So thanks, Trav.
Well, edit it back so it sounds like
I'm talking about someone else.
Probably wondering how that happened.
It was during a drag race, of course.
Thank you, Travis.
I'm sorry, Griffin.
Travis was alluding to the hit teen comedy
Rookie of the Year.
Oh, was I?
Funky but loving.
When he injured, the kid injures his arm in such a way
that makes him great at pitching.
That's, of course, possible and ludicrous at the same time,
but they never explore the extension of that reality
in that fiction that I want to see the pro baseball players
lining up to attempt to give themselves the same injury
that this child withstood.
Yeah.
Like purposely going into the doctor
and having them jam various shivs and what have you
into their musculature to try to reenact
this terrible accident.
That would be ghoulish, but I think
it'd be worth it for the Blu-ray.
Also, could we just for a little bit,
I would like one scene edited in for the 25th anniversary
Blu-ray edition of Rookie of the Year
that's just Major League Baseball's lawyers being like,
well, this child is 15, so we probably can't let him
legally work for us, right?
There's laws against this, is there not?
I want the scene where the kid's arm heals
and he's like, oh, man, I really liked
having that cool pitching arm.
I wonder what other parts of my body
I can sort of modify like that.
And he just whams himself right in the goners
with a big meat tenderizer, just thinking like,
maybe more powerful balls, I guess.
No, that one didn't work.
Hey, mom, hospital again.
Hospital, call an Uber.
What do you think Rowan Gardner goes on?
Yeah, what's up?
That was a deep pull.
Goes on to like, what's he do?
After he lands again, he does an underhanded pitch
in the MLB and he wins the big game.
Spoiler alert for Rookie of the Year.
What does he do with the rest of his life?
Let's write some fan fiction.
Probably tours around malls, right?
He signs things in malls.
Noah goes from school to school showing kids
that drugs are bad by throwing a baseball weird and fast.
Yeah, drugs are bad, but it's okay to like,
injure yourself to be better at sports.
Oh, I have breaking news.
The film of Rookie of the Year is based on
a 1954 American comedy, the name of which is Ruggies Bump.
What?
Sorry, Justin, neither of the words you just said were words.
Can you take another swing at it?
Ruggies Bump.
It still sounds like you're saying Rookie.
Like noogie, but with an R?
My friends, the film is called Ruggies Bump.
Ruggies Bump.
According to the poster, Rookie is the miracle kid
with the super zoom ball.
And the name of the film is Ruggies Bump.
It is Rookie.
It's Rookie.
Rookie, not rookie.
Rookie.
And I don't know why.
And this is the kid with the super zoom ball, right?
This is the one with the super zoom ball.
They call him Rookie.
On the poster, does it say written by cocaine?
Plot is a young boy who loves baseball develops a strange bump on his arm.
Wait.
Rookie.
Rookie's got a strange bump on his arm and it gives him the super zoom ball.
The bump has such an effect on his pitching arm
that he soon finds himself playing for a major league baseball team.
As stupid as the he fell and broke his arm
and the tendons rehealed too tight is,
it's got to be better than my tumor that makes me good at pitching.
A strange bump.
My strange bump.
One question.
Rookie's bump, I call it.
That's right, Rookie.
Oh my God, it's talking.
That was my question.
It definitely talks, right?
And was voiced by like Jimmy Stewart or something.
Had to talk.
I'm looking at one of the variations of the poster for it
and it's Rookie's bump featuring the Brooklyn Dodgers.
So that's a pretty cool year for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
And a good year for the movie
when you have to advertise the fact that you tricked a baseball team to being in it.
That was the least we've ever answered a question.
Let's move on.
I can't stop thinking about the phrase Rookie's bump.
Rookie's bump is my movie.
I'm sorry, sir, but the outlet doesn't look good.
It seems that you have Rookie's bump.
Not Rugal's bump.
How long do I have?
Like three weeks, but they're going to be three really fun major league weeks.
I want to do a sequel to Rookie's bump
and it's the same thing, but the kid hates baseball
and he doesn't want to.
I don't want to do that, doctor.
Well, could you just cure my strange bump?
Could you just cure my strange bump?
I could destroy a beautiful bump like that.
Put my t-shirts fit.
I'm a junior in college living in a student apartment complex.
One of my roommates asked me to watch his plants farm
while he's in Europe for the summer.
And I said yes.
So now I'm alone in my apartment
babysitting an ironing board covered in plants.
My question is this.
My plant owning roommate left a gallon jug of artisanal water
from some fancy well next to the plants.
It looks expensive and it's almost empty.
Do I have to buy more expensive artisanal water?
Can I just water them with tap water?
Will the plants tell on me?
And that's from Confused Plant Sitter in Colorado.
I mean, they'll tell on you by dying
because they're not getting their special water.
Their special water.
Their secret stuff.
Their secret plant stuff.
It is Michael Jordan's sweat, definitely.
That's what they drank in Space Jam, right?
I haven't seen it in a long time.
When they say Michael's secret stuff,
they're talking about his-
Michael's piss.
His fluids.
Thank you, Travis.
Thank you.
Yeah, no, Daffy Duck's spraying happily Michael MJ's piss.
Thank you, Travis, for thinking of Porky Pig
and all of his friends just spraying MJ's piss
right into the gob to be good at basketball.
Thank you, Travis.
What's up with that Space Jam 2?
Yeah, come on.
Where's that?
Water has the following in it.
A little bit of hydrogen, twice as much oxygen,
or perhaps flip that.
I don't think there's anything else in this stuff, right?
Like the water, it comes off the most beautiful glacier
and the stuff that comes out of my street tap
is just water, right?
It's the same chemicals.
So who cares, man?
Well, the plants care because they need their special-
Yeah.
Minerals.
Their special minerals.
Special minerals.
They need their minerals.
What kinds of things do plants need?
Let's just go back and forth listing some of the most
important things that plants need in their water.
Trav?
Have compassion.
Kisses.
Okay.
Plants need kisses, he says.
Yeah.
And they need money.
Plants need your money.
I mean, for me, it's always been water, sunshine,
and for bees to have sex on them.
Is that what that's about?
Is that why we're so concerned about the bees?
Yeah, we need them to get nasty in all our beautiful plants
or else all the corn and blueberries are denzo.
I don't understand giving plants more than they need to live.
I don't believe that there are certain waters that's better for plants
because they're getting the dirty water from the sky, right?
Like, many plants are doing just fine with our shitty, dirty water.
Yeah.
So why do they need special-
I don't believe that these plants need special water.
How do you even know how much?
I bought my wife a plant from Mother's Day and then I hung it outside
and then I gave it various amounts of water,
just hoping that I would stumble on the right combination
that would keep it alive.
I was not successful.
But how do you even know how much water to give the things?
I do also- I love J-Man because I feel the same way
that if I have a plant in my house, it is not about
I hope I can help this plant flourish,
but rather I just hope I can beat the clock on plant death.
Like, I'm not trying to have the world's best fern.
I merely want it to last longer than six months
and that's a big old W for me.
That's why I like pro-flowers.
That ship has sailed.
It's not about keep this alive, it's like preserve this corpse.
And be, you know what I mean?
There's no pressure there.
I'm a mortuary, not a hospital.
And also, what do you do if you have to iron clothes?
Oh my shit, Justin, you're right.
Yeah, I just didn't even think about that.
Yeah.
Can't possibly move these precious spoiled plants.
These pampered plants.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe you need to toughen these plants up
and take it on like a survival weekend.
Take the plants on a road trip.
You and your friend, Jack Black,
in the front seat, these plants in the back seat.
A wild sort of road trip.
Yeah, you're trying to keep these plants alive,
but have they ever really lived?
Yeah, they're gonna be uncomfortable about it at first.
They're gonna be like, ugh, are you sure about this?
And then some bees are gonna start having sex on them
and they're like, well, this is how it's supposed to be.
And then it turns out, oh no, it's weed
and you've been pulled over.
Oh shit.
Oh, has it been weed the whole time?
I think it's been, oh no, it's been weed the whole time.
Have the plants been weed the whole time?
Because your friend is no friend of yours.
It's a friend of Cheech Marin.
That's what I talk about with stoners.
I was playing some Destiny earlier today
and I was playing with some randos online.
Gang, I heard somebody take the longest bong rip I ever heard.
I thought they were pulling a prank on me.
It was literally a good, probably 45 seconds.
Not a joke, not an exaggeration.
A good like, hey, hold on everybody.
Don't start it up yet.
Go ahead and kill all the stuff in the room
and I'll be ready for the boss.
Here we go, like 45 seconds.
I felt like I was like going up a hill on a roller coaster
made of a bong.
That was nothing.
I was sitting here trying to formulate
a rookie of the year version joke of like,
maybe this person had asthma, damaged their lungs
and now they're able to take these ridiculous rips.
I couldn't get there.
The doctor said the only treatment
for my rookie's bump is giant bong rips.
It's just juicy rips.
Hey, I got a quick Yahoo here.
This one was sent in by Erica Batty.
Thank you, Erica.
It's Yahoo Answers user question mark who asks,
if you die hungry, is your ghost hungry forever?
Please don't answer this with ghosts aren't real.
I know there's no physical proof,
but I'm erring on the side of caution.
Always so smart when you're talking about the supernatural.
You're driving down the road heading to Hardee's
and you've got a hearty hunger and you're growing in your belly
and you got to get there soon because you're not you
and you're hungry and you do a quick like cool hairpin turn
into the Hardee's drive through and you flip the car, explode.
Yeah, and you've died hungry and there's your ghost.
It can never enter the Hardee's and even if it could
and couldn't eat the tangible burgers,
is your ghost hungry forever?
Hungry forever.
I'm just going to go ahead and mention
that in Hello from the Magic Tavern,
they do discuss the hunger ghost, so it's okay.
You don't need to tweet at us about that.
You have a ghost.
It's never sated, right?
We have a finite number of resources on this planet,
a finite amount of resources on this planet.
This ghost could eat their way through our food supply
and really put our whole ecosystem in something of a bind
because the ghost could just single-handedly eat up
all our dang hot dogs and all of our good stuff.
The ghost could just chomp it all down.
Now here's my question, J-Man.
When I eat a sandwich, does that create a ghost sandwich?
We've definitely talked about this before.
What does that say about us?
I know, it's a bummer.
What does that say about us?
No, it's rough, but listen,
does this carry over to all known desires?
If I really want to listen to Dave Matthews' band,
but first I'm going to use the toilet
and I definitely die on it,
then am I always going to be floating around Spectral World
just like, damn, I'd love to hear Ian's marching right now,
but my wife is too sad to turn on his feel-good tunes.
I think that the worst sensation to die with
and have forever is being afraid.
Like if you die of fright
and then you're just a scared ghost forever
because what are you going to do as a ghost to not be scared?
Maybe sleepy.
Sleepy's also bad.
Sleepy ghost would be all right
because what else are you going to do?
That's fair.
What if I have to go to the bathroom ghost?
That's no good because then you can never...
See, yours is so bad.
Mine was pretty good.
If you're a sleepy ghost, then it's like,
well, I'm in this big spooky mansion.
I've read all the books by floating through them as I do
and I don't have anything to do,
but I'm always really sleepy,
so I'm just going to sack out for a few hundred years.
Maybe some neighborhood kids will wander in here.
I'll give them a little spookeroonie.
Get out and turn the light off on your way.
Please.
Maybe crank down that AC a couple degrees
and turn on the fan in the bedroom.
Give me some white noise.
The horny.
I feel like horny ghost is a phrase my mouth has said before
and I can't think of a reason it would happen other than this show.
Should we put an embargo on ghost jokes then?
Well, you might need a moratorium if you will.
So now that we know that this is the last ghost bit,
let's talk about some of our favorite ghostly memories
here on My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Some of our favorite ghost humor we've ever done.
Wow, I can't think of one good one.
So maybe let's go to the money zone.
Folks, our first sponsor this week is Bowl and Branch.
Don't you get excited when you know you get to slip in
to your spectral sheets and give yourself a nice ghostly nap.
If you're a ghost that's going to sleep for 100 years,
you should do it on the best sheets available from Bowl and Branch.
And they're made from pure 100% organic cotton.
They start out super soft and you know where they go from there?
Did you guess less soft?
You're incorrect because they get softer over time.
Lots of great reviews.
Shipping is free.
You could try them for 30 nights and if you don't love them,
send them back for a refund.
I also want to say, not just sheets,
I've got a set of towels from Bowl and Branch.
Oh yeah.
And I've had them now for like, you know, almost a year,
maybe over a year and unlike some towels I've had,
the more I wash them, like they stay consistently
that like soft fluffy new towel kind of feeling.
Love that, need that.
Love these towels.
You're going to get $50 off your first set of sheets
at bowlingbranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
So go to bowlingbranch.com today for $50 off your first set of sheets.
That's B-O-L-L-andbranch.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Hey, Stitch Fix.
Yeah?
How's it going, pal?
I'm going to talk about you for a minute.
Hey, Stitch Fix though, just thanks.
Kind of don't love you being here in the room while I do it.
I kind of need my space.
No, go ahead.
I like to watch.
Oh no.
Here's your $200.
Go ahead.
Talk about the service.
All right.
They send you a-
Just let me know if I can-
Slower.
All right.
So just because a sense of style can be elusive for some
doesn't mean it's impossible to attain.
Discover the style you never knew you had with a little help from Stitch.
Sorry, can you put your shirt back on?
Just, yeah, but I just got five new ones in a box from myself.
So I'm going to change into one of these new looks,
and I'd like you to give me your feedback.
All right, go ahead.
Yeah, they're all really good.
I mean, you bought them for yourself, so it's not like-
Well, I didn't actually.
I had one of the people that work inside of me choose them.
They got my favorite, I told them my favorite styles and my budget,
and they selected five brand new clothing, I guess, just for me.
No, I can see them rattling around inside of you when I'm not here.
Whenever you move.
You're huge, by the way.
So anyway, what you do is you answer some questions about your sizes,
favorite styles and budget,
and your personal stylist will hand-select five brand new clothing items just for you.
You send back anything you don't want, and shipping's free both ways,
so you only pay for what you keep.
My size is extra.
What's that?
Extra.
You just are extra?
Yes, extra me.
So you can get your fix whenever you want, regardless of which size you wear,
even if that size is company.
Or you can sign up to receive scheduled shipments.
Hurry to stitchfix.com slash my brother to get started now.
Keep all five items you receive, and you'll get 25% off your entire purchase.
Go to stitchfix.com.
What?
I didn't approve that.
That's just too great of a deal.
I'm gonna go broke with that kind of a deal.
Well, you want me to holler around inside of you and see if I can find the culprit?
Yes, look, check my armpit for Jerry.
He's a new guy, and I think he's the kind of nincompoop that would have a dumb idea
like going to stitchfix.com slash my brother and keep 25% off when you keep all five items.
That sounds like a Jerry original.
Okay.
Trav, you want to read this next message?
I sure do, Griffin.
Thank you for asking.
Are you getting married and you want a beautiful memory to last a lifetime?
Find a woman that could satisfy me.
Stitch Fix.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, I thought he'd be gone.
Hey, Stitch Fix, listen.
I swear, I've seen Blue Apron eyeing you from the other side of the room.
Yes, this will do.
Okay, now that we've-
I need someone with access to plentiful scallions.
Yes, so now that we've got two companies get married, Travis, maybe start this message
from a different sort of corporate sponsor going.
Are you getting married and want a beautiful memory to last a lifetime?
Are you also huge geeks and don't want to be judged for cutting your cake with a replica
of Sting?
Then have-
Wait, the artist?
Don't cut your cake with me.
That was stupid.
Then we got the videographer for you.
David Trothright will film your wedding and make it look as epic as you always knew it
could be.
For more info, check out yourwedding.film or contact David at D Trothright, W-R-I-G-H-T
at yahoo.com.
That's Y-O-U-R-W-E-D-D-I-N-G dot film or contact D-T-R-O-T-H-W-R-I-G-H-T at yahoo
dot com.
Spell yahoo.
What?
Spell yahoo, Travis.
You can't stop.
Spell yahoo also.
Y-A-H-O-O dot C-O-M.
Thank you.
For all your geek wedding videography needs.
I have a message for Eli, and it's from Reina, and it goes a little something like this.
To my very good big brother Eli, surprise.
I honestly don't even have anything important to say here.
I had an extra hundo lying around and just thought it'd be cool to sneak this up on you.
Now, listen to one of the Mackle boys say these funny words.
Bumfuzzle.
Oh, Justin, I'm so sorry, dude.
Caddywampus.
I'm so sorry you lost the luck of the draw here, pal.
Boopers, I deserved it for the Stitch Fix thing.
I mean, I lost us a sponsor.
The least I can do is earn us a hundred bucks.
That's all, I guess.
Thanks, boys.
Love you lots.
And that's from Eli, from Reina.
You kind of messed up this attribution there.
That one is from Reina to Eli.
Good job.
Here's a message for Angela, and it's from Scott, who says, dearest Angela, you are the
most important person of all time, and you are taking the world by storm.
Chumbo and Numbo, my favorite Pawn Stars characters, now bow before your glowing righteousness.
You are vibing and keeping it tight in ways that other humans cannot begin to fathom.
Your power is endless.
You are a new god.
The earth trembles before you today, the day of your birth.
Sweet Jesus.
Are we supposed to be as scared of Angela as I am in this moment?
I think Angela is powerful and radical.
I am trembling.
Yeah, I'm really glad we got to share.
Oh, no, she just stepped on my house with her huge foot.
Yeah, she's big, powerful.
Too bad.
Hey, this is John Roderick of America.
I know that guy.
He also made the theme song for my brother, My Brother and Me.
And you've teamed up with your friend, Adam, and a guy you also know, Ben Harrison.
Hey, you're my friend.
And we make a war movie podcast called Friendly Fire.
Now, you may be turned off by the premise right then and there, but you would be wrong.
Well, it's because it's about so much more than war or war films.
War movies are also a great window into filmmaking and the way our culture thinks of itself and
other cultures think of themselves.
So listen to Friendly Fire on MaximumFun.org every Friday, or get it wherever you get podcasts.
Oh, thank god.
What?
We got a new fuzz box.
Is this Diamond Dave?
What's going on?
Oh, Jesus.
His guitar got very sick.
Okay, so-
I want a Munch Squad.
I want too much squad.
Juicy, you need to get down to Guitar Center, bud, and get that shit looked at.
I gotta get this thing in the shop.
I've been having to do a lot of Munch Squads lately where the copy is the star of the show
because the products haven't been as really buck wild as we need to get on a Munch Squad,
a podcast within a podcast, profiling the latest and greatest in the quick service restaurant
industry.
But I want to say thank you, fuzzolies.
As I've said no times on the toilet, thank you, fuzzolies, for bringing the heat with
the new breadstick sliders.
Now, if you're in the Indianapolis area, you may have seen these spring up here at the
test market for these bad boys, and they're just as terrifying as they sound.
You know the fuzzolies breadsticks that they used to bring you infinite of if you were
seated at the table, but now don't do that anymore, I don't think.
The breadsticks, the very-
You know the super sloppy ones that seem like eating even one is a dare kind of scenario?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, these little salty little missiles.
Yeah, so what they've done is they've cut one of those motherfuckers in half and stuffed
a bunch of pepperoni in there.
They're perfect as a, it says here, shareable snack.
Now let's not think about, let's think about that for a second.
A shareable snack doesn't seem like one thing should be a shareable snack.
Like if you come to me and you say, I've been snacking on this breadstick full of pepperoni,
would you like to share it with me?
I think the answer would almost always be no, thank you very much.
Perfect as a shareable snack throughout the day.
What?
I know they don't mean that like it sounds.
I know they don't mean like, oh, I'm gonna put the rest of you in the Ziploc baggy.
See you at 3 p.m.
It sounds almost like-
One third of a breadstick slider.
Because you talk to your friend and you say you got anything going on from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Because we're gonna eat these all day as science.
These are an all days thing.
The revolutionary new ways to indulge in these famous breadsticks include,
the revolutionary, words mean things, you know?
Pepperoni pizza breadsticks.
Each order includes six of Fizzoli's signature garlic breadstick halves,
and then they top them with mozzarella and pepperoni,
and then they bake them to a golden perfection.
So what they've done, if you can visualize this, oh, they're served with marinara for dipping.
These savory cheesy pull apart breadsticks are perfect to share,
or keep all to yourself, or share.
Wait, please share.
If you can visualize that, they've cut the breadsticks in half and then dump pizza on them.
These are breadstick size, right?
Like these are very thin, very thin, non sandwich size.
Yeah, so you can get, it's like one pepperoni width max, maybe.
Maybe.
The Italian breadstick sliders are Fizzoli's signature garlic breadstick halves
made into slider buns and filled with fresh premium ingredients
to create three new Italian breadstick sliders.
You can't just keep saying that.
A smashed meatball breadstick slider.
That's two meatballs topped with Fizzoli's signature marinara sliced mozzarella
baked and finished with a garlic, sorry, a basil pesto drizzle,
and they don't detail why it's a smashed meatball breadstick slider,
but I think we can all guess.
Yeah, they just can't stop fucking it up.
There's a spicy Italian breadstick slider that's sliced genoa salami and capicola
and a meatball topped with sliced mozzarella and baked and topped with a pepperoncini.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm trying not to laugh,
but I was just thinking that probably the most fucked up thing you could do as a farmer
is to look at a pig right before you butcher it and tell it that it's going to be-
The components are going to be used in a spicy Italian breadstick slider.
It's just the meanest, it's like, I can't imagine a war of dignity.
The pig's like, I'm at least going to Olive Garden, right?
And the farmer's like, oh no, friend, you're not an Olive Garden pig.
Oh no, you're not an Olive Garden pig.
Culinary manager Rick Petralia has one of the more sinister
sounding Munch Squad quotes I've encountered.
We listen and pay attention to our guests' tastes and preferences
in order to craft menu items that we know they'll enjoy.
So that's like, Rick's like, yeah, we've been watching you dirty sons of bitches.
We got close, we smelled the stinkier trash hole of a mouth.
We know what you put in there.
Our guests love our signature unlimited breadsticks.
So we set out, so I guess they are still unlimited,
so we set out to create more ways for them to be enjoyed.
You asked for this and now you've got it.
You've got it, you dirty pigs.
We're excited to give our loyal fans in Indianapolis
the first chance to try these delicious new menu items.
They are the perfect snack for any occasion.
After all, life is always better with breadsticks.
What the fuck are you talking about, Rick?
What are you saying?
I also think using this word snack is this like-
Snack on it.
Take it with you and then, you know, when the moment comes
and you'll know when it is, snack on it.
If I saw someone pull one of these out on the subway,
I would jump right out of the door onto the tracks to my death.
No way, because I don't know what that person's capable.
Actually, I do know what that person's capable of.
I just finished up lunch at Fazoli's a couple hours ago
and I got a couple more hours until I can go back to Fazoli's for dinner.
I wish there was something in between that I could do to kind of tide me over.
A cheesy boat across the river sticks.
That is the-
Quick.
Can I say something though, right at this moment?
Yeah, fuck these up.
Yeah, I would annihilate.
God, I would annihilate them.
I'm coming to Indianapolis to eat these dirty, dirty treats.
I'm coming and hey, I'm announcing on my brother,
my brother and me show in Indianapolis just to eat these nasty boats.
Hey, how about a yahoo?
Yeah, give it to me.
Here's one that was sent in by Graham Roebuck. Thanks, Graham.
It's anonymous yahoo answers user, so I'm gonna call him...
Ruggie.
Ruggie asks, how does one become a ship captain?
I don't mean a captain of a cruise ship or being a captain as a career.
I just mean in general.
For instance, let's just say I bought a boat for myself and my family.
How do you determine who is the captain?
Or another example, how would Jack Sparrow have become a captain?
I don't mean all the technical stuff about Davy Jones and all that,
because I know that part of it.
I just mean that obviously he didn't go to university or college
and professionally obtain a license to be captain,
so how does that all work these days?
Okay, first of all yahoo answers question asker Ruggie,
how dare you undercut the Pirates of the Caribbean point
I was going to make about how Jack Sparrow became a captain?
How dare you take Travis's joke away from him?
How dare you?
I was going to talk about how he made a deal with Davy Jones
to raise the Black Pearl from the bottom of the ocean
and then by granting him a ship that allowed him to become a captain,
and you took that from me.
You know, Travis, though, I think you found a way somehow.
What? Oh.
I'm so glad we got those little peaks and valleys into the waveform.
You can imagine my relief at that.
You know, I've never seen a yahoo answers person that is so belligerent,
so on guard about learning information that they are not actively seeking out.
Yeah, sure.
They have built an impenetrable logical fortress around themselves
to keep themselves from any general tidbit that they're not actively seeking out.
So the scenario presented here that I was attracted to
is I buy a boat for myself and my family.
How do you determine who's the captain?
Is it the one?
Let's say the three of us get together and we're out on the big lake
and I say, I got a surprise for everybody.
I bought a big boat.
Am I the captain just because I'm the one that dished out the cash for it?
Because I'm not convinced that I would be the best captain.
No, Griffin.
Captain is something that like everyone knows about somebody.
And it's just like, you have to say everybody on three point to the person who is the captain.
And I guarantee you nine times out of ten, everyone's going to point at the same person.
Everyone will just inherently be like, that is the captain.
Because it's not a position that's earned or granted or anything.
One is just born a captain or else why would you be allowed to like perform weddings and stuff
and throw people in the brig if it just meant nothing?
You know what I mean?
Like you are preordained to be a captain at birth.
It's like when Martin Short inherited a boat and he went down to go look at it
and he had no idea what to do.
He wandered the street.
There's that 15 minute scene in Captain Ron of him wandering the streets of the place in Florida,
I guess.
And until he found a captain and he couldn't do it himself,
even though he had written and read several books about nautical matters.
Yeah, he knew.
He was a boat scholar.
He knew the information, but he hadn't absorbed it.
It wasn't in his marrow.
Of the waves.
Yes.
I have a theory, by the way, listener, that I'd like to put in your brain
because I think about it all the time.
I developed a theory upon one of my many viewings of Captain Ron.
You know how that one diehard movie, Die Hard with a Vengeance,
was originally written as a lethal weapon film?
You guys know this bit of trivia and then they repurposed it as a diehard film?
Absolutely not.
I didn't know that.
I have this theory that Captain Ron was originally written as a national lampoon film,
which I assume would have been titled National Lampoon's Caribbean Vacation.
Because if you think about, if you replace Chevy Chase in the Martin Short role
and then you replace Captain Ron with Cousin Eddie,
who for some reason has some sort of nautical knowledge,
we can get that in post and figure that in the scripting process.
Well, that's why they switched it over.
They couldn't crack that nut.
If you replace all that stuff, it is beat for beat what that film would have been.
That imaginary film that I came up with would have been Captain Ron.
I would swear on a sack of Bibles it was written as a national lampoon movie
and no one will ever, one of the vacation films specifically.
And I've never found any validation of this online,
but if you're the screenwriter of that film, please get in touch.
I would like to return to a thought exercise that Travis presented just a few minutes ago
before we talked about Captain Ron for a long, long time,
the longest time that's ever been.
I would like each of us, I'll count to three,
and then each of us say the name of which of the three of us would be the captain.
You are allowed to say yourself.
Okay, okay.
And I want no hurt feelings.
I don't want us to get our ego in this.
This doesn't mean anything.
It's a joke for a podcast, but when we do buy a boat,
it is going to be legally binding.
Okay.
One, two, three, Travis.
Travis.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, cool.
I thought that might be the case.
Now let me say this.
Let's count to three and everybody say the reason why.
So one, two, three, because you've seen Pirates of the Caribbean.
Okay, so then we're all on the same-
Beard, I said beard.
Oh, you said beard.
Mine was beard.
Dang.
Mine was beard.
That's a sea beard to catch the salt air.
That is fair.
Yeah, that's great.
We can sort of stand behind Travis and draft on him.
He's going to get all that nasty salt.
He's sort of like God's air purifier with that beard.
Thank you.
I do like that Griffin and I, our heads were in the same place.
I was like, Travis has probably the most nautical knowledge
just through osmosis of seeing Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
I have a new game.
It's called Who's the Captain?
And I'm going to name some casts of some films
and you tell me some ensemble casts
and you're going to tell me who's the captain.
Okay, now let me ask just to clarify.
Are we talking about the actors or the characters?
Oh man, that's tough.
I think the actors, right?
Which actor is the most captain-like?
Okay, this first one starts out hard and it only gets harder.
The, oh fuck, just give me a fucking ad blocker.
Fuck, fuck you.
Damn, it'd be such a shame if we weren't able to do this bit.
You think?
Fuck me, I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, thank Christ.
The Breakfast Club.
The Breakfast Club.
We're talking Emilio, talking Molly Sheedy, Anthony Michael Hall,
Judd Nelson, Maya Ringwald.
Hold on, hold on.
Ally Sheedy.
Ally Sheedy.
Stop the game.
Okay.
There wasn't a boat in Breakfast Club.
There doesn't have to be a boat.
There doesn't have to be a boat in it.
Oh, who is the captain?
Okay.
If they all bought a boat, as soon as the movie ended, who's the captain?
Yeah, okay.
Well, this is a trick.
It's a trick question, Justin.
Why is that?
Because I think that Emilio Estevez will be appointed captain,
but by the end of the film, we find out that like Judd Nelson is the captain.
See, I was going to say Molly Ringwald.
This is not the best game, though.
It's the only problem.
Okay.
Let's try it again.
Maybe the first round was just a little off.
Steven Baldwin, Gabriel Byrne, Benicio del Toro, Kevin Pollack, Chas Balmentieri,
and Kevin Spacey.
Okay, I know who's not the captain.
Yeah, I know who's going to get kill hauled.
The usual suspects.
So we're going to say, who of those people is the captain?
Are you ready?
Kevin Pollack.
Yeah, that's who I was leaning to.
See, I was thinking Benicio.
I was going to give him the captainship.
Okay, let me give you-
Look around your friends, your friend group, and see if you can figure out who the-
Which one of them is the captain?
Okay, I have one to pitch for you.
Okay.
Star Trek First Contact.
Who's the captain?
Who's the captain of that one?
On Star Trek First Cap-
Worf!
That one's Worf.
That one is Worf.
On that one, it's Worf.
His name is already a boat thing.
Related.
Folks, thank you so much for listening to our dumb, dumb podcast.
My brother, my brother, me, we hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We know we've enjoyed having you.
One to mention, as always, at the beginning of a month, I guess it's sort of,
we're getting closer to mid-month now, as unfathomable as that may be,
we've got a new pin in the McElroy Merch Squad, which you can find at McElroyMerch.com.
This month's new pin is a beautiful shrimp with Angelic Halo on it, designed by Elena Hoyt.
You can find that pin, along with a lot of other great merchandise.
That one's only available through June, though, so make sure you get that if you want it.
I also want to say we have the San Francisco and Phoenix shows coming up.
Thanks, San Francisco.
Yeah, well, in fact, I know San Francisco's called out.
I think there are still some tickets to that Phoenix show.
So if you want to join us, you can go to McElroyShows.com
tours and get your tickets there.
And you can also get tickets to our other upcoming shows in Orlando and Atlanta,
as well as our Adventure Zone graphic novel book tour, which is coming up in mid-July.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's got all the songs on it ever recorded.
So Saturday Night Fever, all of the other songs.
And that's all on Putting the Days to Bed by the Long Winters.
And thanks to MaxFun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org.
Check out all the great shows there.
Shows like the Beef and Dairy Network and International Waters and Bullseye
and all the great shows at MaximumFun.org.
If you want to hear other stuff we do, it's all at McElroyShows.com.
You all want that final?
Yeah.
You know it.
It was sent in by Andy Schiff.
Thanks, Andy.
It's Yahoo Answers user?
Question mark, so I'll call him.
Bernardf asks,
is the ASS all that matters these days?
Mine is just McElroy and I vote yes.
I'm Travis McElroy and the research just isn't in yet.
My name is Griffin McElroy and I'm not-
This is gross.
I'm not going to joke about that.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
We've all made mistakes in book club, right?
You drink a little too much.
You don't actually read the book.
And if you're under the bubble in Fairhaven,
your individual will get subsumed by the collective.
Hey, maybe I just let him go and whip us up some guac.
We do not require guac.
We require only nutrients and expansion.
You will become book club.
You will eat, pray and love with us.
Join book club.
Bubble.
The sci-fi comedy from MaximumFun.org.
Just open your podcast app and search for Bubble.
