The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello and welcome, my brother, my brother, and me in the advice show for the modern era.
I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet, innocent, virginal baby, Griffin McElroy.
Griffin, it sounds like you've been having kind of a rough morning in our pre-show.
I don't really want to talk about it.
No, no, say it. What's wrong? What's wrong?
I just want to see what's wrong. I just want to check on you.
It's concern. This is the sound of concern. This isn't for the show.
We'll cut this out. We'll definitely cut this out.
As long as you're speaking in confidence, I mean, I do edit the show, so I do have final
agency, I guess, over the content of the show. But if you boys must know, I'm feeling a little bit of
the old nip of the gypsy hooch. Your substance abuse is tearing our show apart.
It's not substance. It's not substance. Here's my problem. Here's my problem.
You're seeing a pattern develop, really. It's just two Saturday recordings in a row.
It is Sunday. It's Sunday. Not like super good, Griffin.
Two Sunday recordings in a row, where it was two birthday parties,
day after birthday parties. My problem is when I get in a birthday party atmosphere.
You eat all the cake.
That's it. You're kidding. But once I have three or four Bud Light Limes in me,
it's like cake patrol.
I have a quote for you, Griffin. It seems like there's a birthday party every weekend.
Jimi Hendrix. Okay? That's all. Motherfucker love cake. Think about it.
That's my problem. I eat, and I eat, and I eat, because I don't have that part of my brain that's
like, you already had a dinner. You don't need to have a second dinner, I don't think. Anyway,
I'm glad this isn't going in the show, because I don't want that to be my character hook.
The guy who wakes up hungover with terrible diarrhea.
It's not terrible. It's not terrible. It's not great.
Quantify your diarrhea. It's not ideal.
Welcome to our new podcast, Quantify Your Diarrhea.
Not ideal. Not the ideal diarrhea.
Not the utopian ideal of diarrhea. Not the tasteful amount of diarrhea.
Conceptually, I don't want to get blue right at the top, but conceptually,
I don't have anything wrong with the idea of diarrhea. In fact, when painted in the right
light, I think it could be seen as a very efficient way to void your bowels.
All right, we're done here. I am a short lady.
I'm just saying I'm a busy, busy man, and so-
It'd be nice to just be able to hit the power button.
Spend time, more time with the kids. Less time in the facilities.
I'm a short lady, about five feet tall. I photograph a lot of conventions.
I'm about to start working at a comic slash gaming convention.
My nose is at armpit level, always. What is your advice for dealing with the gross,
gross assault on my senses that result of very poor hygiene on behalf of thousands of
wonderful, smelly nerds? That's from Gmail.
This is a thing. If you don't-
If you've never been a part of this atmosphere, it is-
It is a thing. Oh, man.
There, but for the grace of like 10 inches, go I.
Because if I had to be down in that particular zone, that particular strato layer,
God damn, though.
I have found, interestingly enough, that individual people at these things don't smell bad.
I think there's some sort of-
It's a miasma.
Pharma. It's a miasma. That's exactly right, Trav.
There are certain notes from everyone's palate that are-
And as the orchestra of stink comes together, it forms Peter and the Wolf.
There's an-
You just hear the piccolo. This person over here has a timpani.
This person over here hasn't ever worn deodorant in their whole life.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
Wash your fucking armpits.
They smell bad. So, so bad. So very bad.
I didn't know there were lyrics.
I guess I learned something on today's podcast.
I feel like it's not everybody at these conventions.
I don't want to paint with a broad brush.
Just say everybody who goes to shows stinks, because I go to these shows.
Let me say this, though.
It's not everybody, but it's also not always somebody else.
It might be you.
Interesting.
Not you, Griffin. I mean, like the you.
If you smell around the poker table and you don't smell the bad smell, you are the bad smell.
You are this bad smell.
You run into bad smells all day, you are the bad smell.
If you keep find yourself wondering what is that and you're alone, it's you.
It's always been you.
Here's the thing. I don't think anybody should be personally offended by this question.
I can understand all these guys. These guys are just being so mean about it.
Listen, if you don't smell bad, we got no beef.
You're great.
If you do smell bad, get your stink right.
Get your stink right.
I mean, I get it.
Like at a convention, you're on your feet all day running around.
It's close quarters.
Sometimes it gets hot up in that piece, depending on what piece you're in.
Oh, God.
On the show floor, those things.
The worst, that would be my first, like, we're offering practical advice.
I know, like, for example, if you're doing PAX East, there's a sky bridge where-
You gotta avoid those bottlenecks at all costs.
Oh, yeah. Avoid the bottlenecks.
Get on the sky bridge and take shots of the show floor from there.
They're gonna look very dramatic.
And if you get a zoom lens, you'll never have to go down there.
It is not an atmosphere that is conducive to good smelling.
Like, I think fucking Herbal Essences could have a convention at the LA Convention Center,
and you would still get down there and be like,
what fucking stinks so much?
Who is doing that with their body?
Herbal Essences is still a company that's around, right?
As far as I know, yes.
Yeah.
I don't know that-
I guess you could wear one of those SARS masks.
Could you wear an oversized, like, novelty clothes pin on your nose?
And carry around a printed out, like, speech bubble on a stick that just says PU.
Yeah, and maybe, like, some stink line stickers
that you could stick on people who are smelly.
And maybe you carry around a big jar of flies and you throw that on a person.
Don't stick-
Those really stink, Shamel.
They probably don't have any control over it.
Yeah, maybe you could walk around with, like, one of those giant, like,
remember how Rick the Model Martel had a big-
had his own cologne called Arrogance that he would spray on people?
Maybe you could do that.
Don't do that.
That sucks.
That's a bad-
That's a bad look.
I don't think it's a bad look as much as it is a look you could try and see if it fits you.
The Rick the Model Martel classic.
Just spray people down.
Yeah.
Get a six pack of BOD.
So wear them across your chest like a bandolier.
Yeah, like a bandolier.
There we go.
And then just, like, fast draw a BOD.
Because what's great about BOD is it came in repurposed Windex bottles.
And that nozzle, you can twist it and get a really long spray going on that.
You can go with a cone of spray or you can go with a straight shot like a-
Distinct.
No scope.
No scope. Distinct. BOD shot.
Hold on.
I just had a great idea.
You want to do some BOD shots?
Yes.
What?
Convention organizers have a complimentary Febreeze booth.
How about a mandatory Febreeze booth?
You have to perform-
As they're walking in, you do, like, a security check and then a Febreeze check
and then they get to enter the convention.
You can only enter the convention center through the Febreeze way.
It's like you have those misters at, like, amusement parks where it gets real hot
and the kids play in it.
You just have that, but it's Febreeze and BOD.
On the twist, put this on the twist and decide that you enjoy or can find pleasurable
the smell of body odor.
Like a connoisseur?
Maybe you remind yourself, like, this is human. This is distinctly human.
This is it. This is the real shit.
This is what humanity is supposed to smell like.
This is what we smell like for ages.
Get out of your ivory tower and come smell these bits.
This is what we smelled like when we built the ivory tower initially
and the Tower of Babel and shit.
This is what Jesus smelled like.
Probably.
Basically.
Homeboy didn't have BOD.
No, though I would watch that commercial.
He's probably like, hey, dad, like, can you invent BOD super early
just so I can just sort of purge the scents a little bit?
Have you smelled these 12 dudes?
It's just me and 12 dudes rolling around the desert.
We smell like dookie.
We smell like total dookie, dad.
How about some BOD?
How about some BOD, God?
God, invent BOD.
God, BOD me.
BOD me, God.
I'm Boston Jesus.
Boston J.
Yo, it's your boy, Boston J.
How about some BOD, God?
Dad, damn.
Scholars can't prove that Jesus was not from Boston.
In fact, I believe the Dead Sea Scrolls,
which had been ruled apocryphal and non-canonical,
there's some pretty damning evidence in there.
It says here Jesus spake,
yo, Judas, I'm wicked disappointed in you.
I'm wicked disappointed, brah.
I'm gonna turn this water into chowder.
Nomah.
Y'all want a yahoo?
Yeah, please.
How about a yahoo?
Sorry, Jesus.
Sorry, Jesus.
This yahoo was sent in by our close friend, Evan Minsker.
Thanks, Evan.
Getting married real soon.
Very exciting time of his life.
Everything's coming up, Evan.
Evan wrote a great piece on Pitchfork,
if you haven't read it recently,
that is great about Mac DeMarco.
Is that that cat's name?
I'm old, so I don't really know what anybody's called,
but I like the story.
He's a great dude.
Thank you, Evan.
It's by yahooanswersuserjackf who asks,
how do you get rid of an Arby's manager?
Recently they moved around some of the managers
and the one we got is mean and sloppy.
She blames employees for things she did
and treats us extremely memely bad.
I saw-
I was gonna say that word one more time.
Extremely memely bad.
I saw two of them about to cry today
and she cuts ours.
I hate to see my coworker upset
and I would do anything to get her gone
within the law preferably.
Oh, and she cusses on the job,
which is never allowed, especially by management.
I'm glad that this person felt the need
to specify within the law preferably.
Yeah, preferably.
I would prefer not to murder this lady.
But I understand that that's my only recourse.
Listen, if I had my druthers,
I would not murder this woman.
I think you are perfectly positioned right now
for a broad conspiracy that will position
not only the downfall of this manager,
but you to rise up and take their place.
You're jilted.
That job should have been yours.
So you need to start machinations,
moving pieces around the board,
lining up opponents, preparing them
for a catastrophe to befall them,
a political catastrophe, if you will,
in the Arby's politics
and preparing yourself to be the new district manager.
That's right, gentlemen.
I am suggesting the House of Carby's.
It is very hard to make a house
out of thinly sliced beefs.
Let me throw this out.
Let me throw this out as like a move,
as one of your moves.
You have the district management come down
because you suspect something shady.
You pop open her trunk and what's that?
You've planted a bunch of raw beef in her trunk
that she's been stealing.
Beef thief, the classic beef thief.
The classic beef thief gambit.
And then maybe you have a sexy affair
with an attractive aspiring journalist.
Maybe.
How does that help?
How does it hurt?
How does it hurt?
Fair enough.
She's gonna-
And then you blow the lid off
the curly fry conspiracy.
She's gonna think she's using you
to get Arby's connections,
but really you're using her for Arby's leverage.
And when you are,
listen, in the game of Arby's,
you win or you die.
Or you eat curly fries.
Or you eat curly fries.
Well, you're gonna do that either way.
Okay, so you either win and eat curly fries
or eat curly fries and then die.
Right.
Well, you couldn't die and then eat curly fries, Griffin.
That's fucking ridiculous.
That's a good point.
How would you chew your dad
unless we're looking at a weekend
at Bernie's two situation?
I'm saying that curly fries
possess an ambrosial quantity
that can restore life to the dead.
Well, that's just science.
They're that fucking good.
I'm mixing my Game of Thrones
and my House of Cards metaphors.
They're basically the same show.
Give Kevin Spacey a sword and a beard
and it's basically Game of Thrones.
It's gonna be a tough-
Could you trick her into saying she quits?
Because once she says it,
that's like she's locked into it.
So you just need to get her to be like,
what would you say instead of like,
I hire her to be like, I quit?
Bam!
Bam, got it.
The golden contract appears from there.
A levitating ink-dipped quill signs.
Maybe you could get her to admit
that she doesn't really like Arby's food.
Oh my God.
Like you go to her and you're like,
this is good,
but wouldn't you rather be like
eating a porterhouse steak or like corn chowder?
Do you think this is better?
She's not gonna fall for that.
She's gonna be like, take that filet mignon
and then slice it really thin
and put it on some shitty bread
and maybe we'll talk.
Like, God damn it.
If you can though,
what if RJ Arby's is like hiding around the corner
and he comes out and he's like,
I knew it, Susan.
I never trusted you.
You betrayed me, Susan.
And you broke my heart.
You broke my heart, Susan.
You're the one, Susan.
I was gonna call it Susan's.
I swear to God.
The next burger was gonna be called the Big Susan.
We've never had burgers.
I was gonna start making burgers apparently.
For you, for you, Susan.
Because I knew you loved them, Susan.
I was gonna make-
I can see it in your employee review
that you thought we could start making burgers
and I said for you or anything.
I was gonna make you the forbidden sandwich.
I was gonna-
Roast beef on top,
roast beef on bottom,
and bread in the middle.
I was gonna do that for you, Susan.
You broke my heart, Susan.
And you're the whole reason I made the potato wedges
in the first place.
And that was the day RJ Arby's shut down all the Arby's.
No one goes in, no one goes out.
But somehow you can still buy the sandwiches.
Someone's still making the sandwiches.
The smell is impossible.
Do you think RJ Arby's lives in fear of the moment
that Subway figures out like,
what if we just made our roast beef?
Oh, thin beef, okay.
Yeah, we did that.
Oops, Arby's is gone.
That easy.
Arby's used to have a sandwich
that was a croissant sandwich with roast beef on it.
Oh boy.
And they haven't had it for probably 25 years
and I think about it three times a day.
If you're looking for some insight
into like Justin McElroy, the man,
that's why I'm at where I'm at.
That's what I'm usually thinking about.
Justin either thinks about the forbidden Arby's sandwich
or how good Tastations were.
That's basically-
Tastations were good, Griffin.
It's funny you say that because they were delicious.
Also, my favorite cereal ever was Crunch Berries.
Those Papa Smurf Berries.
Oops, all berries?
No, Papa Smurf Berries, it tastes completely different.
They're the best cereal ever
and they were only around for like a day and I-
Much like Brigadoon.
I have spent the 25 years since their release
and discontinuation searching for a cereal
that has the same flavor as that,
hoping with every bowl will be the bowl back to-
Be the bowl home.
Will be the bowl back to-
Man, Rachel and I finished that.
We watched the series finale.
That is a rough ending on that.
That is a tough-
No spoilers.
Tough cookie.
It resolves his entire shit
with like a single line of text at the end.
Like, oh, and this is how he turned out.
Thanks, Quantum Leap.
Could have used maybe a bit more expo.
A little more expo on that.
If they thought they were gonna get another season.
If they thought that they had another season in them
because it's weird.
Doesn't it end with like a sabbatical basically?
Like he's just gonna chill on the leaping?
I mean, it hints at that.
You know what it needs?
And we're talking on the wrong podcast about this.
How fucking good would a Telltale adventure game
of Quantum Leap be?
I'm serious.
Walking dead.
It'd be amazing.
It'd be absolutely phenomenal.
I would buy a game system just to play that.
Right.
I don't know if those dudes are listening,
but call me.
I will write the entire thing.
I have fan fiction.
That is not a joke.
Ready to go.
Anyway, I got another question for you guys.
What's the appropriate time or distance
one should hold the door open for the next person behind them?
I don't want to slam the door in the person behind me,
but I also don't want to stand there staring at them
for a full minute.
Is it different for men and women?
That's from Desmond.
I tend to hold it.
See, I don't really subscribe to the gender side of this.
I tend to hold the door open for everybody
as do like everybody in Huntington.
Or at least in the area that I live.
There are probably many areas where that is the case,
especially in the South.
My delineation on distance is age-based, not gender-based.
I agree.
If it's an old person, I will hold it open so much longer.
Keep it open for like a full country mile.
Yeah, absolutely.
I think a big part of this too is,
and this is something that I've kind of learned the hard way,
is if you're going to push on through,
if you're going to go through and not hold the door,
it's essential that you not have made eye contact.
But you have to have plausible deniability.
The person behind you, if you look at them and they see you
and you see them, then you know they're coming.
And at that point, if you don't hold the door open for them,
then it's on you.
Also, if it is a double action door that swings both in and out
and you let go of it, it's like 50% chance
it's going to swing back and smack that person in the face.
And if it does, there's a 10% chance they'll die.
Yeah.
So just think about that hot shot.
Think about that murderer.
It's hard when there's a huge group of people.
I think that you don't want to fall into that trap.
You got to be careful about that.
Because if there's like 50 people exiting a place,
that could be your whole day.
I remember getting pinned down when church let out
when we were little and I pulled the door open
and it was just like, suddenly just a line of people.
And it's like, I just want to, can I, I need to go.
Guess what?
They're all 99 years old too.
You can't like, get it yourself.
Can't.
You know, my favorite door holding experience
is when, you know, those airlock kind of doors
where there's like two sets of doors.
And so one person holds the door open for you
and then you hold the door open for them.
It always makes you feel like we're about to start
like a Fred Astaire-esque kind of dance routine.
Like door holding.
Or if there's like 199 year olds
and they're all coming towards the doors
and then you're the only person with door holding capacity.
And so you have to like,
cliffhanger sandwich yourself between these two doors
in a way that you can keep them both open at the same time.
Like you take your fucking shoes off
and like tuck them under the doors.
Like, no, it's cool.
I didn't need those anyway.
You guys are going to take like five years
to get through both of these doors.
So I'm just going to leave those shoes there.
They're the church's shoes now.
You know, one thing I've, is interesting.
I've discovered with, that my wife Sydney does not,
and it took me a long time to get this.
She does not like me to hold the door open for her.
She wants me to, I don't know
what biological impulse is driving this,
but she wants me to go in first.
I don't know if she's expecting an assailant.
And I scout around and you come back and tell her it's safe.
She wants me to go in first.
For what reason?
Like, I don't know.
Hello, I'm the envoy to the Grand Sydney Empire.
Presenting the lady ship, Sydney of McElroy.
Does she make you carry around a little tin horn?
I'm not saying, I'm not saying shit.
You guys are paying for this next Christmas
and I'm not fucking, I'm not going to withstand that.
Listen, I'm not knocking it.
She can get you to do that.
I think that's the dopest shit.
We used to actually, we were in college
and we would go through a double door.
We would also, we would, there were at least three of us there.
We would say, okay, who's the man?
And we would pick who would get to be the man.
And then the other two would open the door for that guy.
And that guy would walk in really cool.
Because everybody would be like, who is that guy?
Can you tell me what your really cool walk involved, Justin?
Yeah, a little green bag in your head.
That's essential.
And kind of like a strut shake shimmy.
Can you even strut while you're wearing cargo shorts?
Or is that?
It's more of a switch, to be honest.
Who is that guy?
Oh, he's the heir to the cargo short fortune, clearly.
He's the son of the man who invented cargo shorts.
He's Jimmy Buffet's son.
Did Jimmy Buffet?
Did James Buffet involve cargo shorts?
I'm pretty sure that would be his defacto wardrobe, right?
I listened to Jimmy Buffet.
Don't.
By myself.
Didn't.
And wept.
Sometimes you need a little bit of that beachy vibe.
So there's Radio Margaritaville on the Sirius XM.
Now, normally when I need an emotional lift, I'll turn to 40s on 4.
But 40s on 4 has been replaced by an all fucking Billy Joel station.
That's like not getting it for me.
Is it still called 40s on 4?
Is it called Piano Mandate?
No, now it's called Billy on-
Joel Jams.
Joel Jams.
A Billy Joel joint.
And so I'm listening to Margaritaville.
I listened to the entirety of the song Off to See the Lizard
while driving by myself at 8 30 at night to pick up a pizza bread from Geno's.
Oh my God.
And I needed that beachy vibe right then.
James is there for you with that.
Jimmy's got your back on that front.
If you need to like just escape the incredible sadness of the act you are participating in.
Does the Billy Joel radio station come with an in-car breathalyzer
that you have to blow into?
But it'll only play if you are drunk driving.
You have to blow-
Come on, my man.
Let Billy Joel handle this for you.
Billy Joel has become kind of an expert of what you're doing.
Come on, Billy's got-
I can talk you down.
I can talk you down.
This place sings from Italian restaurant.
Can you get one turn left up here?
I am the father of five girls, the oldest, which is 13, and begun to take an interest in boys.
As such, I'm left in the position that fathers have been left in for the last 23.6 years.
How does one balance the instinctual desire to crush these little hormone filled
balls of lust and desire to be a cool dad?
GoldenEye tournaments?
Playing a game, a little catcheroo?
Working on a car together?
Or should I just accept the natural order of things and hunt this little bugger down
Terminator style?
That's from hormonally hijacked California.
Man, I do not envy your position, my dude.
I have got what-
I mean, I've got a daughter on the way.
And the best plan I've been able to cook up is to raise her to be sort of like just a sexless
locust of emotion that loves science and loves research and loves supporting her parents with
money and just cannot in any way, shape, or form have romantic love.
Would that be a failure as a parent?
I assume so.
So like she doesn't understand romantic love or she simply does not desire it.
In a way that colorblind person cannot tell the difference between red and green, she
cannot distinguish love from other emotions.
Just does not have the receptors for-
Are you angry at me?
Why are you moving your face towards my face?
Is this-
I don't understand this.
I feel like I lean towards the natural order of things argument here because I feel like-
I don't know, I feel like it's a position that, like natural selection, it must be that
we behave that way for it is the way to continue the spe-
Right?
Like you have to be the dad who's like, now you be respectful of my daughter, honey.
I don't want you dating until you're out of the house, blah, blah, blah.
Because otherwise you're like, I don't fucking care, whatever.
I don't understand, like dudes are the worst.
And little dudes don't even have that, like, they don't even realize they're the worst yet.
And so they will just like wedge their dick between a mattress and box spring and like
not understand why they're doing that.
And that-
I don't understand why they're doing that.
That's what, cause it's just any crevice with surrounding pressure.
They're like, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna just put my dick right in there.
Let me throw this out.
That's what he's up against though, he's up against like basically feral little jizz slugs.
Like I've called them that before and that's what they are.
So here's my advice, rather than trying to combat these awful, awful human beings that
are 13 year old boys, you need to like train and raise your daughter to be so incredibly
self-sufficient and wise and smart that she sees their bullshit coming a mile away.
Raise a powerful woman who's respectful of herself and who-
But then they invent new bullshit, they're the fucking, I'm telling you-
Well that's the arms race that is hormonal 13 year olds.
But I'm saying right now we need to create like a stronger bulletproof vest, if you will.
So then they'll come up with, you know, their armor piercing rounds or whatever.
Travis, future dad Justin is on board with you.
13 year old Justin would like to just heartily thank you for making girls more complicated.
Because like I was nailing it constantly, so I'm really glad.
What I really need was an increase in the difficulty curve there, Travis.
So I thank you for that.
But I don't think, I don't like, I don't think either party in this arrangement knows what
the fuck they're doing.
No, absolutely not, right?
Do you mean the dad and the 13 year old boy or the girl?
I'm talking about 13 year old boys and girls.
Like I just don't think there's any, I don't, man, I don't know.
I didn't like, I didn't like date or whatever until I was like a freshman in high school.
I didn't like speak to other human beings.
I don't understand.
Like there's a pretty rough patch there between I would say 11 and 14 where you are just fucking
just going with it.
Just going with the flow.
And then like at 15 it's still a little foggy, but you at least understand that it's foggy.
I don't, I just, I don't think like dating at 13 is like, that's crazy town to me.
I mean, it's like, I'm not here to-
That's like snowboarding at 110.
It's like, that's not an appropriate age to do that.
I don't know, man.
I can't imagine any, like any judgment I'm going to pass here that's not going to come
back to bite me on the ass.
Like all I can say is, and this is a guess, a hypothesis, is that the reason this is stressful
for you is that it is sort of the beginning of the end of your like training period for
this human you've created and the beginning of the process of them, you know, leaving
that training period to become their own person.
And I think it's scary right now because you've been in sort of a dry tech period for them
as a human where they don't have as many things that they really have to deal with that you
can't help them with.
And this is the start where they're going to be tested on the training that you've provided
them up until this point.
And I think you just, the fact that you're like super concerned and on point, you're
already ahead of the game, like in the, in the grand scheme of things.
I think you need to have faith that you have raised a quality human who's going to be able
to deal with this stuff.
But like this first test that they do out the gate is the fucking gom jabbar of humanity.
Like this is the fucking worst.
But let me throw this out.
Here's, here's, here's the real issue here, if I may.
It's not the question you asked, but it's what I'm going to answer.
About being like that dad, arms crossed.
I don't want you to do that.
My only fear with that would be that you're creating an environment in which your daughter
would be afraid to come to you and ask for advice and ask questions and speak to you
in an honest, open way, because you're this grumbly, angry about the fact that she likes
boys kind of thing.
That's not a bad point, Travis.
Yeah.
Whereas what you really need to be is the guy who's open and is willing to talk to her
about things and not just shut down like, well, you shouldn't even be dating.
You should create an environment in which she is feel safe and comfortable talking to
you because you are still the best source of advice and information she's got.
If someone knows that they have your love and your trust, that's always going to be
more powerful than knowing that they're risking your judgment, because otherwise they're
just going to see how much they can get away with.
The other one, it's like it's the next best thing to be in there.
Yeah.
Or you could do like we did and take them to church camp, because that worked pretty
good for me.
For a good long walk.
I mean, there was a lot of, obviously we weren't a party to this, but there was a lot of fingering
going on at church camp.
There was like a lot of fingering going on.
To hear the rumors, there weren't a dry shorts in the house.
Let's put it that way.
There was a lot of it going on.
I didn't see it.
Listen, I didn't see it.
I didn't see shit.
I obviously didn't take part in it.
Put my finger where?
Excuse me.
But you know that shit was going on.
Pools closed.
What are you doing?
Fingering.
What are you doing here at the pool?
It's closed.
Oh, fingering.
Okay, cool.
Bye.
Kill an Arby's manager.
Kill an Arby's manager just to watch him.
What?
No.
This podcast will self-destruct because we don't want to be implicated.
Here's your mission.
Get fit by summer.
What's the problem?
That vending machine at work.
I know you love it.
What's your guys like vending machine thing?
Because I have sometimes I'll just get dirty with like a honey bun.
Something like that.
Honey don't have us a vending machine.
But God fucking when they had those like the Nutty Buddies, like the wafer, chocolate,
peanut butter deals.
Oh, man.
I used to cream a honey button.
Honey button and then I'd be like, it's a breakfast.
It's not a lot of breakfast.
It is a little Debbie, my man.
Here's what I'm saying to you.
You can get those cravings satisfied, but not feel like garbage afterwards with Nature
Box.
They got great tasting snacks and they come right to your door, right?
So you could get some get yourself some barbecue kettle kernels.
Everything bagel sticks.
South Pacific plantain chip.
I love plantain chips.
Oh, it's good.
And there's 100 more snacks.
It's crazy.
And they're all have zero trans fat, no high fructose corn syrup, nothing artificial, non
GMO, like all all healthy and great for you.
And they come right to your door and you can choose exactly what you want and get like
a subscription to snacks, a subscription, a snack subscription.
And there's different sizes depending on what you're in the mood.
Like if it's just like you and somebody else or just you.
Or if you have a family of like six that you want to get snacks for.
There's different options, different prices, different sizes.
That's cool.
That's a cool dad look.
Hey, what's up?
You dating my teenage daughter.
Cool, cool, cool.
Have some plantain chips.
Here's the best part.
We're going to be able to get you 50% off your first box.
Not even a problem.
Not even a thing.
You go to naturebox.com forward slash my brother.
Naturebox.com slash my brother.
And you could start, you know, snacking smarter and get fit.
Stay full, stay strong.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother.
You guys, I saw you the other day through your windows in the two different states you live
and watching Hulu on your computer.
Sounds right.
Saw you do some other shit on the computer too.
I'm very disappointed in.
That was research.
Yeah, it was research, sure.
For a book I'm writing.
About butts.
About butts.
Butts through the ages.
If you like that Hulu, let me tell you about Hulu Plus.
Because it's better than regular Hulu.
With Hulu Plus you can watch current season episodes of your favorite shows
like Family Guy, Parks and Recreation.
Both in one.
Both in one.
It's two shows in one.
And The Tonight Show with new host Jimmy Fallon.
Jimmy Fallon.
James Fallon.
James Fallon.
And you can watch every-
James Fallon.
James Fallon.
You can also watch every episode of like archived episodes of shows like Community and South Park.
Community and South Park.
And you can watch that on all kinds of different devices.
Tablets.
Computer.
Smart TV.
Your Roku.
I mean Six in Japanese.
I bet you guys didn't know that.
I've been trying to get people onto Hannibal.
And you can watch this whole season.
It's a great show.
I was telling Travis about it before.
You can go to HuluPlus.com.
You can get Hulu Plus.
Watch the whole season.
This has been going on catch all the way up.
You also get originals that you can't get access to anywhere else.
There's a new show, Deadbeat.
It's a comedy about a pot-spoking guy who talks to ghosts.
So there might be some legal ramifications there.
That'll be there.
We'll have to talk to them about that.
How can I get this?
I want it for free, Griffin.
I want it for free.
Well, bad news.
You can't.
Just kidding.
You totally can.
Did you like my joke?
Because for the first two-
We can get you two weeks free here at my Bim Bam Co.
All you got to do is go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
All one word.
And we'll get you two weeks full access of all that programming.
And after that, it's only $7.99 a month.
Theresa and I got rid of cable and now we just watch stuff on Hulu.
We wait a day for $7.99.
It's such a good deal.
I have not had cable since Jesus.
God, I honestly can't remember since Jesus.
Yep.
Since Boston Jesus walked the face of the earth.
What are you watching?
Project Runway, huh?
You could be out extolling my name or whatever.
That's fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
It's a good show.
Love that Tim Gunn.
HuluPlus.com slash my brother is where you can go to do that.
And watch it and get it.
Because, yeah.
This next message is for-
You know what's funny about Hulu Plus?
They have been advertising with us for months.
So, I know that they're continuing to see a return on that directly because we have a special URL.
It's hot catchphrases like, so yeah.
So, but here's the thing.
There are people the 12th time we tell them to get Hulu Plus, they're like, fine.
You warm me down.
Fine, fine, fine.
Maybe this is your time to finally commit your life to Hulu Plus.
Anyway, we got some personal messages too.
This message is for Adam Ford and it's from Chelsea Kerr.
Hey girl, happy birthday.
It's your 27th rotation around the sun and providing I sent this in on time for your special day-
Probably not.
I'll say- Yep.
I'll say belated happy birthday as well.
I love you as much as you should love a horse.
Love, Chelsea.
P.S. You are a butt.
Now that last part isn't from Chelsea.
That's just Travis putting you on blast.
Hey Adam, you're a fucking butt.
You're a butt, sir.
You're a butt, sir.
Look at yourself.
Look at yourself in the mirror.
You're a butt in clothes.
This level of love that you described does not exist.
This inter-human love that you described.
I mean, it's admirable and I'm sure that you do love this guy a lot, but-
As much as you love a horse.
It's a great thing to aspire to.
Yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure.
I hung out with a horse yesterday.
Name was Pop Tart.
Oh wow.
Hanging out with a horse and went out to a ranch.
There was a horse and two donks.
Pretty much the best Saturday anyone's ever had.
That's so weird, because horse and two donks is what I call my bits.
Oh, Travis got driven.
Sorry to get blue, everybody.
I'm sorry.
Theresa asked me the other day.
She said, you guys talk about horses a lot on your podcast.
Has any of you ever actually wanted to own a horse?
I would own Pop Tart.
Pop Tart is like real chill.
Kind of an older horse, which is not ideal for prancing.
But it just hung its head over the fence and just let me pet on it.
And it was so soft.
I almost went in and gave him a little kiss.
And I was like, I'm at a party.
I'm at a party.
You're feeble about it.
I said, my horse, I shouldn't give Pop Tart a sweet kiss on the nose.
But I almost did.
I started to lean in like, oh, here he comes.
But then I was like, the owner might be watching, and that's not a good look.
I almost gave this horse a sweet kiss at a party.
Oh, Victoria, the one with the glasses out there.
Did you invite the horse kisser?
Did he just kiss Pop Tart on the mouth?
It was one of Rachel's co-workers too.
So the ramifications for her in the workplace environment would be everlasting.
Yeah, your husband was really great.
He did kiss Pop Tart.
Pop Tart's still talking about him though.
Pop Tart's a hit with Pop Tart.
You married him, huh?
You married that guy, huh?
Horse smoocher, huh?
David Early got a message for you from Gabe and Josh, and this is how they started.
David Early, you thought this would be from your friends, Josh and Gabe, but it's me, Dio.
I'll do my Dio voice.
Happy birthday.
You're a gentleman, a scholar, and a worthy opponent.
But your attempts to hide your warrior cat, NBNBA, and fanfics were useless.
You've been defeated.
But remember this as your best birthday ever, for it was given by me, Dio.
And I said birthday wish ever, but I do think that Dio does grant people birthdays.
I don't think it's your birthday unless Dio clears it.
Unless Dio stops by.
He's very, very busy.
Just kidding.
He's super not, probably.
Isn't he dead?
He's fundamentally dead.
It's not funny that he died, but it's funny I didn't know.
I guess, I guess, kind of, yes, basically.
So, uh, happy birthday, David Early, from me, Dio.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
Bullseye is all about discovering the good stuff in culture that will do nothing less
than change your life.
You know, I've never heard anything like it before.
It'd be like seeing a new color, which I guess is music's like biggest asset is that you
can hear new sounds.
I'll probably never see a new color.
I'll probably never experience like a new crazy taste, but I'll hear new sounds constantly.
Culture picks, comedy, and in-depth interviews.
It's the good stuff and just the good stuff in popular culture, every week on Bullseye.
Subscribe to iTunes or find it online at MaximumFun.org.
Do y'all want a yahoo?
Please.
Yes.
Um, we did Arby's manager as a club banger.
There's a club banger.
I just want to send him by-
That's an instant classic.
I just want to send him by Amelie Belcher.
Thank you, Amelie.
Justin, please don't.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Taylor, who asks, Amelie?
No.
Who asks, sneaking bong into music fest?
I'm going to a music festival called Waka-Rusa.
I would like to bring my bong, but I hear they check you.
Like, search your bag if you have one.
Can anyone tell me how to get by with a glass bong or give any tips?
Thanks, everybody.
And that's signed from everyone going to that concert.
Yeah.
Don't waste my time or yours telling me just don't bring it.
Not even an option, my man.
Not even an option.
Can you throw the bong over the checkpoint, make it through, and then catch the bong?
Frankly, you're embarrassing yourself by even suggesting that I don't bring it.
That I don't bring it.
This bong goes where I go, my friend.
It is my Winnie the Pooh of bongs.
I will say, if you go to the right, if you go to the correct music festival,
the people at the checkpoint, I saw this at Bonnaroo all three years that I went,
they will just pull the bong out of your backpack and then put it right back.
Like, they will pull the bong out to make way for the rest of their search,
and they will say, okay, now here's your bong back.
Enjoy your day.
Aren't they checking-
Sorry, I had to move your bong to check out your granola and shit.
Aren't they checking bags to ensure that you have a bong?
Because they booked shitty bands.
Listen, these bands aren't-
Are you really sure about doing this sober?
I'm not sure you're going to really get the full effect.
Do you know who's one of the three headliners at Bonnaroo this year?
It's like the first year since Goblin was last time I went in 2009
that I actually thought about picking up some ticks.
Lionel Richie's in the mix.
Whoa!
Yeah.
How do they pick these things?
How do they-
A fucking the smartest wizard ever picks them and says,
what would Griffin be into?
I do love the mix at Bonnaroo because it's always like,
we've got the Flaming Lips, the Black Keys, and James Taylor.
Guys, if Lionel Richie and the Flaming Lips did a dual performance together,
that would probably be like a really good band.
Don't you think?
Yes.
I mean, that sounds like something they do.
Like I saw the Flaming Lips do all White Stripes shit
when Jack White like broke his hand or whatever.
Man, that was tight.
Anyway, I think I'm probably the only person who's been through
a music festival drug checkpoint.
Unless Justin and Travis, you guys.
I went to Sharon, Lois, and Bram and they were pretty strict about that shit.
You got chewable Tylenol?
What is this shit?
Are you going to eat all these Flintstone vitamins?
You sick fuck.
This is all Dino.
What the fuck?
I have never, Dino is what you, yeah.
Dino is what gets you fucked up.
Announcement, everybody, please do not eat the Purple Barney.
There's some bad Dino going on.
Some bad Dino.
Just stick to the Betty.
Actually, there's not a Betty.
Did you guys know that?
That's bullshit.
Well, largely because the character models for Betty and Wilma
were indistinguishable.
Oh, interesting.
They didn't initially have Betty vitamins.
Also like, I'm going to eat a woman.
Okay, I mean, they had Wilma, so that's not weird.
Betty's in the mix now, but like she wasn't for two decades.
A lot of Vore fetishists were born out of those Vites.
You guys know about Vore?
I learned about Vore while I was looking up Yahoo answers.
Man, it bummed me out.
What?
I don't know.
It is a sexual fetish about swallowing people.
Okay.
There's videos that are like CGI videos.
Like hole?
Yeah, like maybe a giant snake swallows a man
and someone is jerking off to that, yes.
Oh no, I'm aroused.
Oh, damn it.
A gelatinous cube falls on top of a woman and absorbs her.
And there's a dude like, yep, that will be my thing.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Do you guys, you guys think it's weird?
Like I'm gonna have a baby soon.
You think that's weird that that baby will only think of,
like when she hears of Flintstones,
like the only context in which she will understand Flintstones
is the people that make both vitamins and pebbles cereal.
Yeah, it's really a cultural touchstone.
Yeah, what an odd corporation that's gonna seem like to her.
What an odd diversification.
Well, and also John Goodman's finest acting role basically ever.
Yeah, she will not be watching the Flintstones.
A lot of adult ideas in the Flintstones.
The second one, it's all about that,
there's like a lady who's trying to seduce him.
That's a married man.
My dream is that I'm in one of the scenes
where Kyle McLaughlin also is
and I like smash through the window, SWAT style.
It's like, we're getting out of here.
Come on, Kyle.
And in the rest of the movie,
there's just like shots of empty rooms.
We took Kyle away.
I got everybody, I got them all out.
It'll be like, but there was like, I couldn't save-
Tom Arnold is still there.
I couldn't save Tom Arnold, he's still in there.
It's like the end of Schindler's List.
If I had one more helicopter, I could have rescued him.
Specifically Tom Arnold, I could have got him out of there.
No, he's doing okay.
I've never under, was that, wasn't that Moranis?
It was, it was Rick Moranis.
I get that, they're interchangeable.
And then after that, he retired from acting.
Yeah, I have never understood bringing a bong anywhere
because it's not like,
it is certainly not the most convenient means
to imbibe that stuff.
I just, am I missing something?
Is there something about the allure of a bong
that like I just-
You are certainly asking the right two people.
All right.
Did you ever know somebody with a bong that had a name?
Yeah, I actually knew someone with a famous bong
that it was featured on the cover of High Times.
What was so famous about it?
A picture of Jesus grew from the resin.
No, that particular bong, that very one
was featured on the cover of High Times
and that's why it was famous.
Oh, so the bong itself,
it was a bong model that was very famous.
No, the bong, the one that he held in his hand
was the one from the-
Did he blow it?
Did he like create it himself?
I mean, there's no such thing as a bong
that everyone has created from like glass.
Why are you getting hung up on the worst details
of the story when we still don't know the name
or distinguishing characteristics of this bong?
The distinguishing characteristic is the bong
where it was about three feet long
and it had these two tree frogs on it
that were like climbing up the sides of the bong.
Sure.
It was mostly primarily blue and clear glass
and it was named Tocan Choke.
Tocan Choke.
Why are there frogs?
I don't know, but the frogs were named Toc and Choke.
They were the two frogs.
How often did you have to feed them?
Feed the frogs?
Um, they ate the resin.
What was the heaviest-
Frogs are fucked up.
What was the heaviest rip you ever got on it?
We've discussed drugs before, so this is a new territory.
One time I took a hit off Tocan Choke
and then felt as though all my organs
were shifting around my body.
I had to go into the other room
and lay down on my friend's weight bench
and just take a quiet minute to let all my organs settle.
Yeah, that'll happen, man.
Get the old-
That was pretty cool.
Get the old meat tornado in there.
I'm a college student living in an apartment
and my neighbor's noisiness keeps me up at night.
Almost every night around 1130,
I'll hear a satisfied, uh, or mmm sound
through our shared wall.
Now you're gonna be up every night.
This goes on for 15 to 30 minutes or so
and then stops.
I've never heard anything else
besides my neighbor's deep groans of satisfaction.
I can only assume that he's jerking it.
It's not exactly loud,
but knowing that a dude is going to town on his hog
mere feet from me makes falling asleep difficult.
Other than these pleasure moans,
I never hear from the guy.
He doesn't call, he doesn't write.
I have only seen him once or twice in the last few months.
How do I deal with these loud jerk-off noises?
That's from extremely restrained in Raleigh.
Raleigh?
Raleigh, North Carolina?
Raleigh.
From Raleigh's, North Carolina.
From inside of Raleigh's.
Oh, Jesus.
How do you-
Okay, a lot.
When you hear it, you just have to loudly say,
nice, dude.
Nice jerk sesh, dude.
You are getting it, son.
You crushed it.
Did it again.
Too fruition, bro.
Dude, too fast.
You gotta peek and back off.
I have been at Home Depot a lot lately
because I own a house and have no fucking idea what I'm doing.
And I was in the drywall section
and it struck me how thin them shits is
and that I have been in so many situations
where I've had roommates who were probably doing this activity
and now I know the, like, the slightness of the barrier
that was in between us.
We were just basically jerking off right next to me.
So what you're gonna need to do
is you're gonna need to get yourself some bricks
and some mortar.
And you're gonna need to put a new wall into your room
that's six feet away from the wall that already exists.
Gotta build a new house inside your house.
Basically.
It's like the little tent that sweet Haley Cho Lawson made
and the six cents to keep the ghosts out
and it'll be like that, but the ghost jerking off.
What you basically need is your own personal sweat lodge
inside your basement that you go to to ignore the sound.
Like a panic room.
Instead of a spectral Misha Barton,
we're talking about a dude that's probably just jerking off
over there.
At least he keeps a regular schedule.
You can be out of the room at 1130.
Is that, okay.
Okay, if you hit the ceiling with a broom handle,
like the moment that this happens,
is that worth?
Okay, so like that might solve your problem,
but is it going to be worth the sort of like
eternal heart wrenching salting of this guy's personal game?
Like forever.
Because the moment he hears,
like the moment you have that exchange,
not only will he never masturbate again,
but he will have to wonder like how many times.
He might have to come kill you.
He may have to legitimately come kill you.
Is that worth the risk?
He knew too much.
I don't want to dive too deep into this person's psychoses,
but why is he making sounds jerking off?
Like why is he like, oh yeah, myself.
I am doing awesome.
Oh yeah, Steve, who is me.
You know how I like it.
Oh, Steve, keep it up.
Yes, me.
Oh, I, yes, good job.
Oh, our God.
Oh, us, good, good, good.
Me, yay.
I did it.
I'm doing it.
Me, yay.
This one's on us.
Usually when you do that stuff,
it's to like let the other person know,
like keep it up.
You don't have to get worried until you hear him shouting
something that's obviously a safe word.
That's the point at which.
Banana, banana.
I said banana.
You have to move.
You have to move away.
You can't, you can't alert him to the problem
without giving him motive to kill you.
Do you have a roommate that you could convince
to switch rooms with you?
Oh, that's not bad.
That's not bad.
Hey, the function of my room's off
because the light's coming from the east or whatever
and I can hear this guy.
Nope, you don't know.
I'm just saying like, I think I feel like
you are more of a south yellow wall.
Why don't you go ahead and just give my room a shot.
Okay, bye.
When you love to be there the first night
where he comes knocking.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Kevin.
Kevin, remember we switched?
I would like to switch back.
Oh, sorry, no takesies backsies.
He's doing what?
I don't know.
I've never done that before.
I've never heard that sound.
Must have the ears of a bat.
What is jerking off?
Jerking off.
Yeah, that makes a lot more sense.
Thank you so much.
Jerking out?
He's jerking out.
Thank you so much for listening to our comedy podcast,
my brother, my brother and me.
Uh, real quick.
I have been neglecting to do this forever.
So I wanted to say thank you to all the people
who sent us Candle Nights gifts, uh, PO Box 54,
Huntington, West Virginia, 25706.
Wow, a little belated.
A little belated, sorry.
I've had this sheet of paper here.
Thank you to Veronica for the horse ties.
She made us horse ties.
What?
Cody Garrett sent us some fruity yummy mummy.
When were you thinking about fucking like forwarding this
to my PO box?
Ryan sent us three scratch off Illinois lottery tickets.
No winners in that.
I'm sorry to report.
God damn it, Justin.
One's for you, one's for me, one's for Griffin.
You understand that there's like a Trinity thing happening.
How can I figure out how to distribute them
until I saw which one's the winner?
If only there was another mail system.
Yeah, it's weird.
It's like, uh, yeah, mine was the only winner.
I know.
I mean, our PO Box is in Huntington,
so maybe we should move.
Patrick and Christina sent us a book called
Why Does My Horse?
Uh, Roger sent us a book of country proverbs.
You're gonna finish?
You're gonna finish the name of the book?
That's it.
That's the name of it.
Why Does My Horse?
Why Does My Horse?
Question mark.
Uh, Josh sent us Horseopoly.
Oh my God, I've played, I haven't played Horseopoly,
but it's at the lake house we go to every year.
It looks like a blast.
Got a mammoth book of ghost romance,
but I lost the label, so I'm sorry about that.
People sent us some shit.
That's crazy.
Jesus.
Yeah, Alex sent us his game Nom de Nom that he made,
and Ian and Julie made us some pretzels,
some power break pretzels that we could-
Are they still good?
They were gone.
They were good.
I can't fucking believe you've been hoarding presents.
I've been hoarding them until you guys come visit,
which is-
FedEx, I'll pay for the FedEx.
I'll pay for you to forward that shit for pretzels.
You know.
Listen, thank you.
Thank you.
Also, thanks for the wedding invite to Stephanie and Philip,
who are getting married in Singapore in like two weeks.
So thank you.
I'll be there.
Can't make it, but we sure appreciate you sending that out.
I can't make it, because here's the problem.
I've only had like three minutes to prepare,
and not the four months that you fucking intended.
Should we talk about the live show?
Because we're doing a fucking lot of them now.
Yeah, okay.
So here's the deal.
We sort of, we decided to do shows in New York,
and when we decided to do them,
we didn't know how many people were going to come out,
so we didn't want to get like a massive-
We thought 12 at most.
Tops.
So what happened was,
we basically sold out two of our shows
at the People's Improv Theater pretty much almost instantly.
They were up for like the night.
We published them in the afternoon,
it was up and it was sold out in the morning.
Then we released more tickets.
They went up a little bit earlier than we intended.
We didn't have any control over that,
but the trigger got pulled a little bit early,
and so there were people who set calendar alerts and shit
for the time that they were supposed to go on sale,
and they were sold out long before it got there,
which we are very sorry for.
So here's the insanity.
At 1.30 on Saturday, May 24th,
we were doing yet another show
at the People's Improv Theater.
You can get tickets this Wednesday at exactly,
we have been assured, exactly noon EST.
That'll be the 9th, April 9th.
April 9th, Wednesday, noon EST.
If you don't listen to the show early, we're sorry.
We also put it on like our social media and stuff,
but that's the deal, okay?
Noon EST this Wednesday.
If you already have tickets to one of the two other shows,
please like-
That's the other thing, please.
We saw a lot of people like do that
to come to both shows, and it's great
that you guys want to spend that much time with us,
and you're very sweet, but please,
don't get tickets to this other one,
because there are a lot more people who want to come.
If there end up day of being tickets left or whatever,
then by all means, please come to all three.
That probably will not happen, we hope.
No.
We wouldn't think so, but please don't buy tickets
if you already have them.
And that sounds like the most egotistical thing in the world,
but that's the deal.
So please don't do that.
Anyway, you can get- We literally can't add any more shows.
No, Justin's doing, so it's Sawbones,
and my brother, my brother and me.
Justin's doing six podcasts in one day.
It's fucking insane.
I don't know how it's gonna work yet.
But we're doing it for you because we love you.
Yeah, it's not, there's no other reason
other than there are a lot of sad people
and we didn't want that, so that's what we're doing.
And as far as like hanging out afterwards,
I don't know, because we were doing six shows.
I don't know when we're gonna be-
But maybe in between.
You can give us like a power bar and like a Gatorade.
Yeah, really, no kidding.
Yeah, if people want to bring me some like Pepsi Max,
that would be like greatly appreciated.
If you can find Josta, then we would really appreciate some Josta.
Maybe just some fries or something would be great.
See, I say that as a joke now,
knowing that people will actually deliver,
which would be amazing.
The pit-nyc.com is the address,
the web address where you can find those.
If you look at their calendar section,
you'll see where those tickets are gonna pop up.
You can also follow them on Twitter.
I'm sure they'll tweet right as those go available.
But anyway, that's what you need to do.
Please come and see us.
You are great.
I also want to thank Nature Box for supporting the show.
They've been like really dedicated supporters of ours.
So go check it out.
Get in shape for the summer with really healthy
and also really delicious snacks
and you can get 50% off your first order
if you go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
I also want to say thank you to Hulu Plus,
who once again, this is I think the 27th time
we've told you to go check it out.
So if you haven't done it yet, you're a dummy.
So go check it out now
and you can binge on thousands of hit shows
anytime, anywhere and you get that two week free trial
when you go to huluplus.com slash my brother.
I want to thank John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a really great album.
We got an email from somebody actually,
I think had a question on this show
who said they were hanging out with John Roderick
talking about how they got into The Long Winters
because of us and that's so crazy to me
because before we did the show,
I recommended that band to so many people.
So I don't know.
It's cool that we have a weird vehicle to do that more
because they're really, really, really good.
That's it.
I want to hear one more question.
Oh, go to maximumfun.org.
You can listen to all the other great shows there.
There's Jordan Just To Go, Judge John Hodgman,
Stop Podcasting Yourself, The Goose Down, Lady to Lady,
Oh No, Ross and Carrie.
Song Exploder.
Song Exploder.
Bam Bam Pow.
Yeah.
Sawbones.
I make a medical history podcast with my wife called Sawbones.
She's a doctor.
I'm an idiot and it's fun.
It's good to listen.
It's my wife's favorite podcast on the network.
Take that.
So there's that.
So there's that to deal with.
Anyway, go listen to all those shows.
We need one more question from Griffin.
Sure, this one was sent in by Emerald member Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo answer suzer Philip who asks,
what kind of car does Judge Judy own?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Score on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Carrie Poppy.
I'm Ross Botcher.
And we make a show.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie.
Oh no.
We investigate fringe science.
Spirituality.
Religious groups.
Alternative therapies.
We put ourselves through a lot of uncomfortable situations.
So that you don't have to.
Because really, why would you?
For example, I watched a tube be inserted into Ross's anus.
That's true, but it sounds terrible out of context.
We've tried penis and breast enlargement pills.
We spent six months undercover becoming Mormons.
We hung out with the 9-11 truthers.
The UFO cult, the Raelians.
And we're going to do more.
It's one of the newest shows on Maximumfun.org.
