The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, welcome to my brother and my brother and me special Valentine's Day edition for Lovers.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy, Lovers. I'm your... I can't go on this journey with you.
I'm your middle-aged brother, Travis McElroy. Kiss my mouth, it's covered in oil.
I respect you as friends. My mouth is covered in kissing
oil. Oh God, what is that?
Kissing oil. Kissing oil, I bought it at...
From whom? I bought it from a man at Hardee's.
Oh God. I was at Hardee's,
and I bought kissing oil from a man. Was he an employee of Hardee's,
or was he just there? He was a man in a bathroom,
and he had a guy, Fox Mask, and he told me he would help me kiss better.
I'm Griffin and the baby. Oh no.
Guys, let's compare and contrast our Valentine's Day experiences,
because I am willing to bet that I had not only the worst of the three people on this podcast,
but of the three billion people on earth. This V-Day, my wife and I celebrated our last
Valentine's Day without a child. You're just going to casually drop
that bomb on the show, by the way. Yeah, well, we already dropped it on
Sawbones. That's where you need to go for your world exclusive baby news.
So we celebrated it by going to the Greenbrier, which is a resort at the eastern edge of West
Virginia. It's 236 years old. Like 30, maybe 50 presidents have stayed there,
and it's got a Cold War bunker in the bottom. Pretty tight.
And a casino. Very romantic. What about you, Trev?
Theresa and I, we spent a day at a Louisville bed and breakfast,
and spent a day exploring Louisville, eating at fancy restaurants, and going to museums.
Oh, Rachel and I spent our Valentine's Day with her, just sort of watching me
writhe on the couch. Sounds sexy so far.
I wasn't writhing with sexual avarice. I wasn't writhing because I was burning with an
invisible sexual flame. An invisible flame. It's because I had, and get out your abacus,
get out your admin machines, I had a sinus infection, and then also some diarrhea,
and then I also had athlete's foot. I had a sinus infection, and I had diarrhea,
and I had athlete's foot. So that was a pretty stellar Valentine's.
Is it possible that they were all side effects of being addicted to love?
I think that may have had something. Maybe it was the kissing oil,
like a side effect of the kissing oil. It was not FDA approved.
Griffin could have gotten ovarian migraines, and the doctor would have found it less surprising.
I did go to the doctor.
More surprising than getting athlete's foot.
I went to the doctor, and she was like, you obviously have a sinus infection.
I was like, yeah, but check this out. Also, dye dye, and plus, check out my toes.
I was like, is there a weird connection? She was like, no, you eat like a dumb shit,
and don't clean your feet in the shower.
You should contact Dr. House, because I'm betting they're connected.
There's got to be a connection.
Let me take a look in his house. Oh, he's just a dirty boy, and he eats stupid food.
I had a thing happen to me the day after Valentine's Day that I wanted to bounce off
of you guys, because this is an advice show. It's an advice podcast from Modern Era.
I'm still not sure if I did the right thing in this situation,
but it was when I was colon rolling on some Sudafed.
I went outside late at night. I was watching Curling.
It was like 1 a.m., and my cat, who was outside, was perched underneath the tree,
and he was looking up in the tree, and there were two giant possums
in the branches of the tree in my neighbor's yard.
I didn't want my cat to get in a fight with these possums and get rabies and die.
My inclination, and keep in mind, I was really, really very high.
I went and I got some rocks from my driveway,
and I started throwing them in the direction of the possums in the tree in my neighbor's yard.
Did you make contact?
I was throwing rocks. I would rather not say. I would rather,
if there are people who are super hardcore PETA folks,
I would rather not divulge whether or not I hit on target,
because you know what? It was dark. I may have or may not have.
Griffin has decided that since his body is slowly decomposing,
he might as well go full old man. Just full, weird, cantankerous old man,
throwing rocks at mammals.
In my neighbor's yard. Yeah. They may have been pet possums.
I don't know. This is fucking Austin.
Griffin, you've got to complete this picture by going over to the neighbor's house
and complaining to them about their possums.
Yeah.
630. Listen, just wanted to let you know I took care of the possums for you.
Hold on. And then I diarrhea on my bare, grody feet.
Also, I made you some raspberry preserves.
Is this the right thing to do though? Because what am I going to do?
Go get my cat? Nope. Because look up.
Did you try using your words?
I did. You know what the words I said were? This was great.
I walked out and I saw the possum in the tree and I said,
oh no, out loud to myself.
And then I didn't see the second possum until a couple minutes later,
because I saw the other possum hissing upwards.
I was like, what's he hissing? Oh, the second possum.
And I actually said, oh my God. And I turned around and went back in the house.
It snowed real bad here on Valentine's Day proper.
And like, I got into a minor car accident when my car slid into a curb,
but I slid for like 20, 30 feet.
So it was like a really long 20 mile an hour slide.
And the whole time I was sitting there going, oh my, oh my goodness.
Oh, oh gosh. Oh, oh gosh. Oh my gosh.
When you're in the zone, anything can happen, man.
So isn't it weird how when you,
and maybe this isn't the same thing in every part of the country.
In fact, I'm most certain it's not, but like growing up in West Virginia,
we have squirrels, a lot of squirrels everywhere.
Don't see as many of them as you used to. Thanks Al Gore.
Al Gore ground down squirrels to turn them into internet.
He killed them with global warming.
Anyway, it's weird how if I see a squirrel, it's basically like, well, there's a squirrel.
If an animal is 20% bigger, suddenly I'm in fucking wild kingdom.
Like I feel like I'm having a grizzly man style encounter with a wild animal.
And I get terrified.
They're just ferrets with weirder tails.
But like, I don't, I just don't want to look at them.
I just always assume that the possum is looking at me going,
which one of us isn't supposed to be here?
Not infringing on my land.
Yeah. If it's in my house, it knows that it's in the wrong.
But when we're outside, it's a toss up.
Yeah, it's nocturnal.
Let's, let's start.
I feel selfish.
Like I've just been like, I just needed to vent.
Cause like I had a pretty bad two days there.
Two of my three ailments have cleared up by the way.
Sounds like your butt's been doing plenty of venting.
And my face and my fucking.
Every hole.
At just every hole, including the new ones on my feet.
How do you like podcasts?
This is what podcasts are.
How do you feel right now?
This is a journey you've taken yourself on.
Let's answer some questions.
I'm a guy in my mid twenties and I got a haircut the other day.
The barber had me turn sort of, it's an evening recording folks.
We're not used to this.
So things may get a little rippled.
I apologize in advance.
The barber had me turn sort of sideways first, the haircut.
And I didn't want to turn my head while he was working.
That's how you lose an ear.
And lose my attention.
Ironically, when he was done, he turned me back to the mirror and asked what I thought.
Turns out he had cut it way shorter than I wanted.
Obviously I was polite and thanked him and tipped him.
But is there really anything you could do in this situation?
Yeah, like wait 30 days.
Next question.
Like, I guess get a weave?
What do you want us to tell you?
This is fucking physics.
I don't think, okay wait.
I don't think he's asking was there anything I could have done to replace the hair.
I think they're asking is there anything I could have done to tell the dude he did a shit job.
I mean, your problem was going more than 15 seconds where you didn't look, didn't like
fucking fact check the spin job that somebody was doing to your dome while you're getting
a haircut.
You have to keep a constant eye on it.
That's why it's rough as a bespectacled man, though.
Because when they make me take off my glasses to get my hair cut, it's like I'm squitting
so hard.
Hey Travis, 1-800-CONTACTS.
I found my hairdressers hate me because when I say hairdressers, I go to Mastercuts.
The people that work at Mastercuts hate me.
Are you still going to Mastercuts?
My team was stylists.
My team was stylists.
When I go to see a stylist at Mastercuts, what I tell them is that, and that's not to
disparage people who work at Mastercuts.
I thought Sunny was at Fantastic Sam's.
No, Sunny's not at Fantastic Sam's.
And I don't go there because Fantastic Sam's has a hole that kids can put their hair in
and it turns into a toy.
That kind of alchemy is devil worship.
At the risk of running into a trademark violation, home, you don't play that.
So anyway.
You could take that toy home and like cherish it, but you know it's hair.
You know it's a hair toy.
This is a real, that's going to sound really bizarre.
I'm serious.
That's the way this thing works.
You put in some of your hair.
And then a fucking adult like replaces it, like knocks a toy down from the top of it
and you don't, sorry Travis, I don't want to go behind the candelabra here, but you know
it's not like an actual magic thing.
An adult switches the hair for a toy.
Griffin.
I don't, Justin, I don't want to shatter the illusion, but you're a fucking 38 year
old man.
How old do you think our brother is?
This makes a lot of sense in retrospect.
What I do is I tell the hairstylist that they ask what you want, which I used to say like
what do you think I should do?
Because I was just so lost.
But now I tell them just to clean up.
You know, just clean it up so it looks intentional.
And then once they do that, then I say clean it up a bit more and you just stair step them
back from that.
I bet they love you.
Your haircuts take four and a half hours.
I know I said-
Here's some legit advice.
Okay.
Your clippers, right, they have guards on them.
The different guards have different numbers that dictate the length that it will cut your
hair.
Memorize the length you want.
When you go for a haircut and they say, what do you want?
Say, I'd like the sides at a number three and the top at a number five.
A number three?
What's the fucking point if you do a number three?
Well, number three, it trims it up so you don't get, well, I get a little bit curl
past three on the sides.
Okay.
But that just cleans it up and then the five leaves enough to style it.
I see.
I go six all over.
You do six all over?
After they have already messed up your hair though, I think you did the exact right thing
because you've got to instantly make the mental leap that you like it because you have nothing
else.
There's no other options for you.
So telling the person that you did a good job and tipping them is an essential part
of make it because why would you ever be doing that if I didn't like it?
You have to like it.
You have to own it.
I think it's time for us to start bringing the male weave back into fashion.
I love a male weave.
I would love a male weave.
Not all the time because like I live in Texas, so like all of my haircuts are by necessity
just like extremely short for survival sake.
But back in the day, I would get some pretty bad.
When I kicked it at the Happy Hair Boutique, when my non-regular stylist was working,
she would do some pretty whack birds nest shit up there.
And man, I would have appreciated some extensions back then when I was coming up.
So we hope that helps.
You're stuck with it.
See you in 30 days.
You're stuck with it.
Learn to like it.
Next time, you're just looking for a cleanup.
You just want to clean it up and then clean it up more.
Keep your third eye fucking open and watch what they're doing because they'll fuck you.
They'll fuck you and then like you might say like you did a bad job.
But as soon as you walk out the door, they're going to forget all about the bad job they did
and they'll continue terrorizing people.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yahoo is sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thanks, Drew Davenport.
I'm about ready to upgrade Drew Davenport to like platinum status.
He's about to become a triple emerald member.
He's got his 10th stamp.
So his 11th one is free.
His 11th stamp.
The stamps don't mean anything, but here's a free one.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Walt who asks,
what do you think of country singer Toby Keith's new restaurant not allowing guns?
From news article, country star actor and restaurateur Toby Keith,
I'll give you one of those,
has sparked a controversy after banning guns from his newly opened eatery in Virginia.
The 52 year old Oklahoma native had a grand opening last week for his newest venture,
Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill in the DC suburb of Woodbridge.
But many of the singer's fans who turned up for the event
were shocked to discover a sign in the window that announced no guns permitted.
Maybe Toby Keith, this is that was from the article.
This is Yahoo Fresh.
Maybe Toby Keith supports guns, but not in his restaurants,
or maybe he doesn't have control over it.
Yes.
Toby Keith done lost control of his fucking restaurant.
But listen, we can all agree that like it's a sovereign earth kind of thing.
When you start into a Toby Keith I love this bar and grill,
you've left American soil and you're in the land of Toby Keith America.
Okay.
And if you're saying if they didn't prohibit guns explicitly on the front door,
it would be like a fucking unreal tournament in there.
People just like as soon as they cross the threshold, just like,
give me a steak.
Give me a steak and some peanuts.
Real talk.
Have either of you ever been in a Toby Keith I love this bar and grill?
I remember when Travis went in one, we were in a Cincinnati Reds game.
Is this real?
This is real.
We were in a Cincinnati Reds game, Travis disappeared.
And when we relocated him,
he informed us that he had just ventured into Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill.
It was part of my like year of new things.
And one day my new thing was I was going to go into a Toby Keith I love this bar and grill.
And it was horrifying.
And so many-
Little did he know it would end in tragedy as gunplay broke out for the 38th consecutive day.
There's no law like that at Cincinnati Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill.
That's just the law West.
I was wondering why you guys didn't react strongly to the name.
And I guess you were fucking-
Yeah, we're pretty, we're pretty, Travis is pretty well inundated.
Do you think Toby Keith strode in there just all angry?
I specifically said guns-
Required.
Guns demanded.
Guns mandatory.
You have to have a gun.
I think he's making a pretty big statement here.
And I've been, I've been wavering on like Toby Keith's constitutional stick-to-it-iveness
for lack of a better term for a while now.
I think, here's what I think.
I'm just going to go down the list of just the things I think, okay?
Uh, the whole Dixie Chicks flare up was a false flag.
Just from, just from the start.
That's just how I feel.
That's just what I believe.
Beer for my horses was also a false flag.
Whiskey for my men, beer for my horses.
That's a good tune.
Yeah, that's a movie.
Hold on, but wait, sing, sing the lyrics of that song.
Sing the lyrics of that song backwards though.
Start playing, uh, Wizard of Oz.
Uh, maybe Toby Keith just wants, doesn't want to be challenged if he decides to go in with a gun.
Because you know how it is when you go to a place with a gun and you see somebody else has a gun
and then it's like, well, I guess we have to shoot contest.
And now we have to fight and shoot each other and he just, and maybe times might get tough
and he needs to know there's at least one place he can safely hold up a gun point and rob blind.
I would like to know, like, I just think it would be great
if the other half of that was like guns prohibited, rapiers encouraged.
Yeah.
I'm sorry miss, I'm sorry.
I specifically asked for no chives on my Tato skins.
Um, I demand satisfaction.
Shing!
Um, I guess my-
I meant to sweet up that man.
Hell yeah.
My question is if you, without a gun, how are you supposed to eat pork chops?
And really enjoy them.
You may eat pork chops, but you don't taste pork chops unless you're packing meat.
This is you, knife, fork, cut, cut, cut, cut, dip, maybe you dip in an A1.
Good.
Um, the best way to do it is gun, bullet, bullet, bullet, you load them in a gun
and then you shoot the bot, you shoot, if you can shoot the lip of the plate,
the pork chops on and fling it in the air, it's going to save you a few bullets.
And then you just sort of juggle it up there and then it lands in your mouth.
Ultimately, another good thing to do is to jam as much of the pork chop into
the barrel of the gun as you can and then just take this express train-
Let me tell you, you are going to need a long barreled, maybe a revolver.
Here's the thing.
You want just enough stopping power, but not too much stopping power.
I recently dropped a small fortune on a beautiful designer purse.
The problem is I frequently get asked the question, how much did you pay for it?
Did you guys have any subtle ways of sidestepping this question?
That's from, I'd rather not say in New Brunswick, Canada.
Well, you've come to the right place.
I have-
When I get asked how much I paid for it, I always say more than it was worth.
When I get asked how much I paid for anything, the answer is almost always $9.
$9.
I try really hard not to own anything that costs much money.
What if I fall in-
See, I don't try, but I do.
I don't try very hard to not own things that cost a lot of money.
I just do.
I just, that's just what I-
I try really hard to have things.
It's like that joke, I don't know.
Maybe it's just from our background and sort of how we grew up,
but I almost don't know where people buy expensive things.
I always think that when someone buys an expensive thing,
it's because they didn't have a friend with them going, really?
Oh no, don't do that.
Really?
How much?
I'm sorry, what?
It's weird because as you get older and you're allowed to go whenever stores you want,
you walk into a store and you look at a price tag and it's almost like,
wait a minute, this is the wrong store.
I'm not supposed to be here.
There's five numbers on this shirt.
I'm not supposed to be here.
One of my favorite things to do is to go into fancy boutique clothing emporiums
and challenge myself to look at price tags and keep a stone face.
Just keep like, I'm still considering this face.
Like, how much is this jacket?
I still might buy it.
I don't know.
Wait, I think I already own this jacket in blue.
I'm gonna leave.
But at the same time, I like to have nice stuff.
And I don't like being talked down to by snooty store employees.
Do you remember that one time?
I think it was me and you just went to Brothers of the Year,
went to that fucking protein powder store at the mall
and we're like, we're gonna get our brother Travis some protein powder.
And they're like, this store isn't for you.
The things in this store cost a considerable amount of money.
It's for all of Huntington, West Virginia's extremely wealthy health conscious person.
It's for Steven.
It's for Doug.
Welcome to come on in, Doug.
We just called it that.
Welcome to Doug's.
I love this protein powder.
Because you were like, I guess you wanted to get beefy, I guess.
Maybe this was that summer we had their weight fence
that we found outside of a dollar tree in a dumpster.
I just wish I could be there on the day that you,
young Griffin and young Justin went.
I know what Travis wants.
I remember we walked out of that store so incensed
because and then we had all these conversations in our brain
that we should have had with the come on in, Doug manager.
Like, oh, yeah?
Well, how about this money that I raised working at Blockbuster?
$62.
And the guy's like, yeah, like, yeah.
Like, yeah, that's exactly what I'm talking about, little kid.
Do you have a baggie?
I can put off scoop in.
I just don't buy nice things, I guess, is what we're saying.
I know that's a bad answer.
But for the money you spend on that one nice thing,
you could buy 10 OK things.
I guess it's just weird to me that someone would see
something you're clearly proud of that you bought for yourself
and would ask you how much money you pay.
It seems so like unclassy.
The nice thing about owning a lot of things
that don't cost very much money is you can spend a lot of money
is you can always feel free to throw those things at people
to make a point.
If you have expensive things, you can't do that,
unless you're trying to make a point that like,
unless the point is about affluence.
I love the moment.
One of my favorite moments is when I have a sweet jacket,
like I bought it at thrift store.
So I'm like, oh, my God, I love your jacket.
Where'd you get it?
And you get to say something like, you know what?
Paid three bucks for it.
And they're like, what?
That seems to me like the other way seems like
it's lose, lose.
Like somebody asked how much you pay for that purse
and you say like $1,200.
They're either gonna think, wow, that's way too much money
to pay for a purse or you got ripped off.
I find myself incapable of admitting
how much I spend on anything.
Like I will almost, and I don't know why I do this.
And maybe it's like, I learned it from not wanting
to admit to our parents how much I paid for stuff.
But like, and this was with my money.
So I don't really know why I was hiding.
But whatever I tell people how much something costs,
I tend to always put like a 20 to 30% discount on it.
And there's no reason.
What the fuck are we talking?
Yeah, the answer, obviously lie.
Obviously, oh, yeah.
It was 88% off on Amazon lightning deals.
And then you throw up the shocker
and you make a fucking five minute long uninterrupted
fart noise with your mouth until they walk away.
When I buy stupid shit, I always get to have a fun game
of how much am I gonna tell Teresa this cost?
And it's usually like, honey, it was super clearance.
Yeah, Cindy and I took a tour of the Cold War bunker
at the Greenbrier, right?
And I got the reservations and they told me
how much it was gonna be.
It was $30 per person.
It's a resort.
So everything costs like this dumb amount of money.
And when she said, when I was telling her this,
she said, wait, you have to pay for it?
And I said, yes.
And she said, how much was it?
And I said, it was like $10 per person.
That was it.
And later she saw how much it was.
I don't know why I felt like I had to lie about it.
There was no reason we both wanted to do it.
I just, maybe I want to be seen as thrifty, maybe.
That's an image I'm trying to cultivate.
It's a cool image.
Anytime anybody asks anybody else about the price
that they pay for their clothes,
is it too much to ask them to grab the other person
by the shoulders and hold them completely still
while they sing every word of Macklemore's Thrift Shop
in their face?
Smell like R. Kelly Sheets.
Piss.
Like please, please, please, please, please let me go.
Please let me go.
I'm popping and locking to get the Reebok snapping.
Please.
I'm so sad.
Please.
Piss.
You just sang that one part over and over again.
I think it's the only part you know.
Maybe.
Smell like R. Kelly Sheets.
Piss.
I'm five years old.
Someone can see me piss 50 times.
I laugh every time.
Especially when you say it like a threatening reptile.
Smell like R. Kelly Sheets.
Piss.
Humans.
Look if it sounds like a reptile that should be behind
the Cheshire Cat.
Like the Cheshire Cat's height, man.
Just every few sentences he punctuates it with.
Yeah, and also piss.
That's Ryan Lewis.
Ryan Lewis is a reptile.
Mystery revealed.
He is a-
Fuck stink.
He's a cerulean.
He has been a cerulean.
There's a stink bug on my fucking computer.
What is with your house?
It's this warm weather we're having.
They're getting brave because they're making a run for the outside.
The way stink bugs work is they come to your house when they're cold and they just chill.
They don't do anything.
Oh, that's horrifying.
How can you even-
All they do is chill because they want to stay warm through the winter.
And then when it starts warming up they're like,
well, dip.
Thanks for letting us stay at your pad.
They put on a tiny top hat and they're clean and they get schooled out.
Travis, you're thinking of Joe's apartment again.
That wasn't a documentary.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry, you guys.
Hey, listen.
All this talk about expensive things has got me hungry for a smackeral of money.
So let's go to the money zone.
Why'd you get weird?
I'm rubbing my chest because it is-
He just rubbed kissing oil on his mouth and now everything he says is weird.
I'm not capable of sounding normal while I'm rubbing my chest.
Let's go to the money zone.
I don't like this.
You've probably tried Hulu.com, but Hulu Plus is better than that.
With Hulu Plus you can watch your favorite shows whenever the hell you want.
Because you're a grownup.
Do you want to tell us the shows you watch?
Do you like Jiminy Click?
Probably not on there.
Do you like Jiminy Kimmel?
Jiminy Kimmel's weird brother?
Jiminy Kimmel?
Do you like snow?
You like sharks?
Do you like smoking Percocets?
Because Justin does.
And also Scandal.
That's actually-
Okay, they got those.
They have archived shows.
R. Kelly Sheets.
Oh my god.
Hey, Hulu Plus.
You're welcome.
I just want to see if they're listening.
You can also check out exclusive content.
Can I talk about Lost and Law and Order SVU and Dr. Who and Community?
They're great shows that they have on there.
Archived.
Check them.
Watch them.
And also watch The Wrong Man to Behind the Mask.
They're original programs that you can watch right on there.
It's like not even a problem.
They have ad-free movies.
They got kids content.
And it is $7.99 a month.
Sorry, not $799.
$7.99 a month to-
That's too much.
I'm not going to pay that for at least two weeks.
I don't get paid for two weeks, Griffin.
I can't pay that right now.
Well, I guess the bad news is that you are kind of poor.
I guess the bad news is that you don't have a lot of money.
And that makes me sad for you because you're my brother.
But the good news is that we can give you two weeks free
if you go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
All one word.
And you'll get an extended two-week frial.
Frial?
Yeah, that's right.
That's what they call free trials.
Frials.
Go catch your frial on Hulu.com.
Go watch some TV and enjoy it.
Get that frial.
Try for two weeks free and then decide if you want to keep it.
That's such a good deal.
It's a great deal.
Thank you, Hulu, for giving us money to just be-
HuluPlus.com slash my brother.
Thank you.
Here's another great product that we're perfect to advertise.
We may be after Hulu sues us out of house and home
for stealing their fucking money for bullshit.
Listen, we've all had legal troubles.
All of us.
Sometimes David Comey's busy.
Sometimes David Comey, the lawyer who rocks, is busy.
Because we fucking give him a lot of free airtime here.
I'm a bim-bam.
So don't even worry about that quack.
Because we got legal zoom.
It turns you into-
That was liable.
So now we're definitely going to need legal zoom.
Legal zoom is, it makes you a lawyer, basically.
You can incorporate or form an LLC with a simple questionnaire.
And it's just $99, which seems like to create a business
for yourself that like something you pass on to your children.
For $99, you don't want to make a business for your children to have?
Real talk, should we fucking do this?
Should we have a business?
I think we probably should.
I think we probably should have incorporated years ago.
We could become my brother, my brother, and me incorporated.
Yeah.
Or we could just like protect our shit.
So people can't like fucking steal it all the time.
These kids incorporated taken.
You can also create a will starting at just $69 or a living trust.
That's like a will for people who refuse to die quickly and easily
and get peace of mind and also protection.
Now listen, legal zoom is not a law firm,
but they can connect you with a third party attorney
and they can provide you with self-help services.
Which is something I would be interested in because lawyers weird me out.
And I don't like people.
And having just like a person there in between me and a lawyer would be great.
I'm supposed to be closing on a house here in a few weeks
and like there will be two to three lawyers in the room
and I'm fucking terrified.
I might request that one of them be David Comey.
I think he's like an accidents guy, but I don't know.
Maybe he diversified.
You can get more savings.
You just type my brother into the referral box at the checkout.
I know this stuff isn't necessarily fun to think about.
What, living wills?
Are you sure?
What?
Justin.
You're trying to get your laugh on.
I get it.
But right now is the time to make a business or a will.
Make a business and then put in the will that the business goes to your kids
and then figure out what you're going to do in your business
because you don't have any special skills or anything.
But you do have some help on your legal documents from LegalZoom.com.
Remember to use the discount code MYBROTHER at referral.
This might be fun too.
This might be like a fun, I'm doing like a little arm dance
because I'm so excited about this idea.
Like a fun like podcast contest.
You know how people do that sometimes?
Uh-huh.
How crazy can your will be?
Name us and your will.
Oh, okay.
You don't have to leave us like-
Like living will.
Think of all the demands you could make.
Don't leave us like a bunch of stuff.
Maybe just like your pogs collection or something like that.
But like it's like-
I want to get a call from a lawyer in like 2080
because none of you are going to die anytime soon.
It's like a podcast, like a postcard.
Like you guys send us postcards and that's great.
But when you send us like tell my bim bam sup and that's in your will,
that's like a postcard that you can only send once.
It would be terrific if you could leave in your will like a haunted house
but we have to spend the night there.
I love it.
Yes, please.
I just assume that's a real thing and I want that.
So I got a message for Tom from Pete and Joe and John.
Big things on the Tom front, guys.
Here's your Tom update.
Do do do do do do do do do.
Tom update.
Tom, this is a commercial for you.
You got a new job, a new beard, and you're running.
Fortunately, you're so focused on moving 20 forward
that you forgot to look 20 left and you were hit by IKEA.
It's not funny.
It's not funny.
Hey, it's not funny.
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing, Tom.
So as your leg heals, just know that we love you
and maybe someday we'll get to use the Jumbotron
for something other than broken legs and cancer condolences.
Oh boy, oh boy.
Tom, how's your week?
Oh man.
Tom, I hope you feel better, buddy.
Tom, feel better.
At least it was a Kia.
It's like the wimpiest car in the whole world.
I drive a Kia.
Got a message for Chris Cook from Devin Cook.
And Devin says, thank you for being an amazing partner.
I love you more every day.
My question for you, will you be my Valentine?
P.S. Happy Valentine's brothers.
Also to Chris, totes sorry about the timing.
Well, no, we can't apologize for this shit anymore.
What did we tell you?
What did we say?
I don't want to get like all hyphy in your face,
but we mean what we say when we say that we're fuck ups.
I'm gonna turn a little more positive and say, I like this.
I hope it becomes a trend of people buying money zones
and then sneaking in secret messages to us
in messages to their loved ones.
Happy birthday, dad.
Also, Travis, I dig the mustache you're rocking right now.
You're doing it great.
It is working for you.
Also, you're in my will.
I'll leave you my mustache if you leave me your mustache.
We're mustache Will brothers.
Uh, so, uh, that's very sweet, Devin and Chris.
And I hope you all have a wonderful Valentine's Day together.
It's sort of in love.
What is it?
A happy, I hope you had a great.
Next year, um, have a happy flag day.
You too.
I'm Carrie Poppy.
I'm Ross Botcher and we make a show.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie.
No, we investigate fringe science, spirituality, religious groups, alternative therapies.
We put ourselves through a lot of uncomfortable situations.
So that you don't have to.
Because really, why would you?
For example, I watched a tube be inserted into Ross's anus.
That's true, but it sounds terrible out of context.
We've tried penis and breast enlargement pills.
We spent six months undercover becoming Mormons.
We hung out with the 9-11 truthers.
The UFO cult, the Raelians.
And we're going to do more.
It's one of the newest shows on Maximumfun.org.
Here's a yahoo.
Uh, hit me.
I'm ready.
This yahoo was sent in by Elliot Nevels.
Thanks, Elliot.
It's by yahoo answers user saving hope who asks, can I adopt an 18-year-old if I'm 18 years old?
Wait.
Can I adopt an 18-year-old if I'm 18-year-old?
I'm rich and want a best friend who's in my care.
I have, I have a fiancee?
It's in question.
It's in question, so I think they do have a fiancee and they're just-
Still waiting on an answer.
No, I think they're just wondering if that sweetens the pot.
It's hard out there for a single parent of a teenager and also the single parent is a teenager.
If they have a fiancee that might, you know, fucking grease the wheels.
It's a fucking shame how this system works.
It's so corrupt.
You got to grease the wheel somewhere.
It's a very greasy system, but I think having a fiancee might help this along.
I hope they, I hope they trademark this Yahoo answer before Seth Rogen and James Franco listen
to our podcast because if not, this is their next film.
I don't think-
You said you wanted to adopt a kid.
It turned out all we had was this 40-year-old man.
Also, you're 18.
It's the new hit comedy.
Who's the dad?
Can an 18-year-old adopt an 18-year-old?
I don't think so.
Is that 18-year-old rich or poor?
Can you adopt an 18-year-old at all?
I mean, this is basically the plot of the OC, right?
Peter Gallagher is much, much, Peter Gallagher is fucking Nosferatu.
I thought, I thought Seth adopted Ryan.
No, no, no.
He didn't.
Stop trying to spread these falsehoods.
I'm almost positive Seth did.
Please do not besmirch the amazing act of love and faith that Sandy and Kirsten Cohen
made in adopting Ryan Atwood.
I won't have it on this podcast.
There's, well, we could joke about a lot of things here.
I'm sorry, I crossed the line.
I can't, can we reframe this to make it an actual thinker?
Can we do what?
Can we reframe this?
Okay.
Can an 18-year-old adopt a 17-year-old?
Because I don't think an 18-year-old, I'm almost certain an 18-year-old can't adopt
an 18-year-old.
I think a 17-year-old, I think you might have a case there.
How hard is it to adopt somebody?
Pretty fucking easy.
Yeah.
It's just, you just ask them.
If they say yes, you can catch them under the maypole with a sugar lasso.
That's the way it works.
And then on Sadie Hawkins Day, all the 17-year-olds chase the 18-year-olds,
whichever ones they touch, adopt them.
Yeah.
I gigged this frog and spun around three times and now you're my kid.
And also this frog's my kid.
I sure do have a lot to learn about this crazy country of ours.
That's how it works in Meepos, you see.
So Valky was confused.
I don't think the adoption authorities would give the stamp on this particular plan.
Have you thought about legal Zoom?
18-year-old looking to adopt a 17-year-old?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Yeah, I will do that.
Don't forget my brother, coupon code.
I'm Brad.
This is my boy, Chad.
Hey, what's up?
His dad's kind of a dick.
You want him to go to the Stone Temple Pilots concert?
And I couldn't think of a better-
Wowsers, Bowser's, Stone Temple Pilots.
Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Yeah, his dad's kind of a dick.
Listen, I reached one pocket and I came out with Stone Temple Pilots.
I just got a place.
It's a one bed behind the Citgo, but I don't know.
I think I'd be a pretty cool dad.
I know I'm just a lunch lady.
But we really want to go to warp tour.
I got another question for you.
Love this idea, though.
Please do this thing and then call me and let me know how it worked.
That's how it goes.
Don't forget to use legal Zoom.
I'm turning 30 soon and I'm having a party.
It was going to be a joint party.
Mmm, weed smoking.
With my roommate since he turns 30 four days later.
At 430.
What's up?
That's nothing.
It's that one of my friends is my roommate's ex.
They can't be in the same room as each other without a scene.
It'll be especially bad if my roommate brings his newly pregnant fiancee.
I'm getting confused, guys.
Help me.
Okay, you ready?
If I ask my friend not to come, she'll be devastated.
What do I do?
Should I have the party for myself and keep my roommate away?
Or tell my friend not to come?
Please help.
That's from It Still Feels Like High School at 30.
I don't know if it's that we're getting better at this or the questions are getting easier.
This is so easy.
Quick, draw it.
Tell your friend not to come because you live with your fucking roommate and it's his house.
And his birthday.
And his birthday.
Your friend will be devastated.
That's the thing that's the craziest in this quest.
I get there being some drama, I mean.
I fucking get it.
Like, it exists in every friend group that's big enough that's been around long enough.
I fucking get it.
But, like, I can't come to this one party.
Can't you just say to your friend, like, hey, listen, it's his birthday and it'll make things
awkward.
We can, like, have lunch sometime, but I just don't think it's a good idea for you to come.
Or let me hit you with this.
Two parties.
Costume party.
Everybody wears masks.
That's so much better than two parties.
Everybody wears a mask.
Nobody's allowed to talk.
Sit in silence and stare at each other and smoke that herb.
Smoke that sweet herb.
Don't give it to the pregnant lady.
What are you doing?
I don't...
There's nothing you can do.
Like, once you have this shit in your group, the only thing you can do is fucking select
who gets to go to what, right?
Or just tell both of them and then they can decide for themselves.
The fact of the matter is, is, like, the next day...
Okay, one, are you really gonna tell your roommate who it was going to be a joint birthday
celebration with, like, hey, you can't come?
That's crazy.
So, instead, I've invited your ex-girlfriend.
That's completely out of your hands.
This is the thing, though.
Like, I think when people decide to leave a relationship in a point that it's this sort
of strained and cantankerous, like, they have to accept that they're gonna miss out on some
stuff.
I mean, this is why you decide to squash-
And you have to side with the person you live with.
Yeah, this is why you decide to squash beeps.
Like, your friend has to understand that, like, I mean, it's part of the risk of getting
together and breaking up everything.
Like, it's just collateral damage.
But in this case, and they are forcing you to choose by not being cool with each other.
They're forcing you to choose.
And since it's your roommate's house and your roommate's birthday, this is not a tough one.
It's unfortunate, but, like, if your friend cares that much, tell her to squash the beef
with your roommate.
You have to, seriously, let this be a blanket statement for questions like these.
Because it really is the best solution.
Because we've all, like, had to deal with this shit before.
It's not fair for you to spend, like, any time, like, worrying about this and deliberating
who gets to do what.
Like, you're in some sort of fucked up custody battle with, like, people you didn't marry
and aren't related to.
Have you thought about legal zoom?
Have you thought about legal zoom?
A.
B.
If legal zoom doesn't fall through for you, which, like, why do we even have an option?
B.
You need to put the ball in their court, because they're fucking 30 years old, and, like, they
should be adult enough to figure this out on their own.
So you say, like, you can either come and be cool, or you cannot come.
Like, it just makes me tired to, like, have to figure out who gets to come to which thing.
Like, let me get out my Garfield calendar.
Oh, nope, it's a Greg day.
A.
We'll make the decision for you, if that's what you want.
You can put them on the line.
We'll break it to them.
Gentle, but this is the right thing.
Hold on, if I may real quick butt into your life a little bit, your roommate has been
broken up with this person long enough to, like, have a fiance.
They need to fucking squash this beef already.
This beef is soiled.
Maybe.
I meant to say spoiled.
Maybe it's a fly-by-night, super fast developing baby embryo.
Oh, one of those super babies.
No, there's nothing that's tied to-
It's an inside, it's an inside, Jack.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Nothing starts a fight between exes like Jack.
Did you cheat on me?
She's eight months pregnant.
We've only been broken up for one month.
Nah, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, baby.
Former baby.
Check it.
Inside Jack.
Check it.
She's got a little Jack in there, trust me.
It's been a Jack attack.
It's a Jack attack.
Did you ever see that-
Jack in the Mood.
You ever see that, you ever see that movie, Jack?
Yeah?
You ever see that movie, Dead Poets Society?
It's a pretty good movie, don't you think?
I'm glad we could talk like this again.
I miss these talks.
I'm glad you could come to this party.
At least you're not being a shithead.
For once.
What that's supposed to mean.
Oh, great.
And then you get-
Hey, speaking of adult parties, this Yahoo was sent in by Evan Quell.
Thanks, Evan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Trixie Bell, who asks,
would grownups, late 20s and early 30s, enjoy a sleepover pajama party?
Yes.
I'm thinking about hosting one.
That's it.
Yes.
Okay.
Like, this isn't even a funny, I had this thought the other day of like,
why don't we do, like, I have, like, why don't we do this?
I mean, we do, but like, it's not like an on-purpose sleepover most of the time.
Right.
True.
But I've got friends that I enjoy hanging out with and that I would like to have waffles with.
Yeah.
Why can't, like, we have a sleepover and everybody, we, you know, we just hang out?
Can I tell you the problem with this?
And I, this has been my problem with every party I've been to since I was 18,
is that no one will just go to sleep at a decent hour.
It is impossible to get 20-somethings to just turn off the lights at midnight and get some rest
so we can all have a great, well-rested day.
But no one wants to think that far ahead, it's infuriating.
Let me jump, let me jump back and say, caveat to this, it would have to happen at my house
and everybody would have to be in a separate room from my bedroom
so that when it was time for me to go to bed, I could just leave.
Okay, but you're talking about a hotel at the, that's not a party, Travis, here.
No, like, they could sleep in my living room when they were ready,
but they gotta keep it the fuck down so they can go to bed at midnight.
You're talking about an amateur bed and breakfast, not a party at that point.
That's true.
I want to open a bed and breakfast.
Okay, so let's talk about that, then, and not, let's just, like,
totally jump ship on this question and talk about your new amateur bed and breakfast.
Is there any way that in the morning the guests could make breakfast for me?
Okay.
Should head over to legalsoon.com, get those documents going.
I'm telling you, this is the best new partnership.
And I mean, you also have to think about all the fucking.
I'm sorry, what?
Sorry, what?
Gotta think about the fucking.
Guys, this party, let's talk about Travis's amateur bed and breakfast party.
Okay, midnight, lights out, everybody.
Try to sleep.
Try to sleep over the sounds of chopping and screwing in the other room.
Like in a big, writhing pile?
I'm talking about fucking 20 foot Marshall stacks worth of DBs of gooshin.
I don't like this bed and breakfast anymore.
I'm going to file a very negative review on TripAdvisor.
Unless that's your thing.
The waffles were great.
The waffles, excellent.
The gooshin, not so much.
Not so terrific.
Unless we're talking about the gooshin of the syrup.
That was pretty good.
But wait, we are not talking about that specific gooshin.
My girlfriend and I are planning to move from Kentucky to Portland, Oregon.
However, her grandmother has frequently told us she would like us to stay in Kentucky.
We are afraid that telling her grandmother will result in some tension and arguments.
The move is still a few months away.
Should we tell her now and get it over with or wait till the moving truck is packed and
yell peace out the window?
That's from feeling sucky in Kentucky.
How often do you see this grandmother?
How much longer?
No, stop it, stop it, stop it.
No, have you thought about legal zoom?
Okay.
I'm just saying, like, if you only see her three times a year, you might be able to fly
under the radar with this one.
Are you saying you can just dip and she won't notice?
I'm saying that, like, if you only see her, like, Memorial Day, Thanksgiving and, like,
Christmas, you just continue doing that.
Well, then, the next time you see him, you will have that Portland smell on you.
That's true.
And you won't-
Are you wearing him?
I've never been to Portland.
That was a gross stereotype.
I apologize.
You guys love coffee and it rains all the time.
I'm so sorry.
I can't stop.
I got Seattle, right?
What?
No, no, no.
The place with all the coffee and it's really grungy.
And Frasier.
And Space Needle.
And Bumbershoot.
Yeah, yeah, you know.
Twilight, where Twilight was filmed.
Seahawks.
Are they not the same place?
They're an annex.
They're recently incorporated.
You gotta-
Why does your grandmother give a fuck where you live?
No, no, no, no, no.
I can assume your grandmother, because I'm assuming you're an adult,
that your grandmother's older than 12.
Why doesn't she fucking understand that you're an adult?
You get to make your life decisions.
And you can do what you will.
If she's not happy for you, she's not really your grandmother.
You thought about that?
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up.
The question asker only says that grandmama said she would like them to stay.
Yeah, because she's being a selfish bitch.
I'm saying grandma's not saying, like, if you move out, you're dead to me.
She's saying, like, it would be great if I could continue to see you,
but I understand that you have to live your own life.
Yeah, that is, thanks for the guilt trip, James.
Like, fucking let me fly my own freak flag in Portland.
I completely understand.
I'm just saying I would like it if you stayed in Kentucky,
because I like seeing you.
Yeah, you know what I would appreciate?
Oh, grandma.
Oh, thanks for the pie.
Why don't you get off my jock for like a second?
Here's something you could try.
Take her with you.
Now hear me out.
Against her will, Justin?
That seems harsh.
Put her in the back seat, put a blindfold on her,
give her some Dramamine until she's out, drive to Seattle,
buy her a house near your house, but not too close.
Find her a job, because you just bought two houses.
You're gonna need some income.
Oh, buy her a house that looks exactly like her house in Kentucky,
decorated exactly the same way.
Move all of her friends there, buy them houses too.
Import some black bears.
Note that this plan is only viable for Jaden Smith,
but Jaden, if you're listening.
Oh, Truman, show it.
So you're gonna build a tiny-
Okay, wait, hold on.
Let me think through the logistics.
You're gonna have to build a dome, I think around-
With this fucking woman's Appalachian wisdom and holler smarts,
you're telling me she wouldn't see through that ruse in a minute?
Oh yeah, I see.
You think I just fell off the fucking turnip truck?
That's a camera, that's a camera, that's a camera.
The first time that she starts going out to the forage for Crick Muffins,
and she can't find any, she's gonna know something's going on.
You're gonna have to make her afraid of water, if I remember correctly.
Let me just look at any grass.
That's not blue.
Bye, fuckers.
Not again, you fucks.
I gotta go to legal zoom and update my documents.
I'm gonna Milo and Otis this thing all the way home.
I want an incredible journey my way back to Kentucky.
I've got spry Appalachian bones.
Two dogs, a cat, and a grandma make their way majestically across this land.
You'll never guess which one dies.
What happens next will shock you.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
It's an advice show for you.
These 12 photos will convince you never to move your grandmother.
Never to kidnap your grandmother and then build a secret television
installation base around her and make her think she's still in Kentucky,
but she won't because she's got rural smarts.
A lot of SEO optimization in that headline.
Thank you to people tweeting about the show.
Like Matt, that's a bunch of you, I bet.
Just pretend it's you.
Blair, Candace, Mod Deg, Team Noob, Birdie, Jason Paladino, Aaron Wilson, Tiffany N,
James Galbraith, Stolen Meatball, Joel Sharpton, Marissa J, Abby T, Mario Halker,
Marley Saluna, John Rom, Greg Solano.
Thank you to those tweeting about the show.
Thank you for being patient and waiting for it.
Hope that it was worth it.
Worth the wait, as they say.
If it's ever, I don't know.
And thanks again to LegalZoom.
LegalZoom is not a law firm, but provides self-help services at your specific direction.
You can use the coupon code MYBROTHER for extra savings at LegalZoom.com.
It's already great deals.
Check it out.
And we're sorry that we made so many jokes about killing people and stuff in reference
to you, LegalZoom.
That is not something they do.
Please don't sue us.
I also want to thank Hulu Plus, where you can binge on thousands of hit shows anytime,
anywhere.
You can get an extended free trial of Hulu Plus when you go to HuluPlus.com slash MYBROTHER.
That's Hulu Plus.
HuluPlus.com slash MYBROTHER.
You can get two weeks free.
Go check it out.
If LegalZoom were to sue us, where the fuck do we turn?
I don't know.
BeagleZoom.
Yeah, you're going to get fucking taken for everything.
But here's some pictures of beagles.
They're God's floppiest mistake.
I also want to thank John Roderick and the Longwinters for the use of our theme song
It's a Departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
John Roderick's going to be a speaker, presenter at BoatParty.biz this year.
He's also the closest they have to an onboard physician.
So travel at your own risk.
Man, I really, really, really, really want to go to that this year.
Anyway, thanks John and the Longwinters.
Go check out all the other hit podcasts on MaximumFun.org.
There's a whole slew of new ones like Lady to Lady, The Goose Down, Oh No Ross and Carrie.
There's old hit favorites like Jordan Jesse Goh, Judge John Hodgman, Sawbones.
Fascinating.
Uh, so, so go check all those out and support the fam.
We're going to start, um, Max Fun Drive pretty soon, which is very exciting.
If you, if it's your first time, you can, we'll have some extra link shows and extra
episode for donors and all kinds of good shit.
So we'll tell you all about that soon.
Maybe we get our dad to do another one with us.
That was fun last time.
That was fun.
Yeah.
That's the thing.
If you don't have an, if you haven't listened to the past ones yet, you can donate this year
and hear all of those old specials plus the new ones.
We also did some like videos, like rift videos of like old health and safety films that you
can get.
You just got to donate.
And then you get like an insane amount of things.
It's crazy.
You want to take it to the bridge?
Hell yes.
Take it to the bridge.
Griffin hit us with that last question.
This one was sent in by Drew Davenport, Emerald member.
Thanks, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Manny, who asks, Christians, what's your opinion on the movie
Ghost Rider?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Hello, my name is Graham Clark.
My name is Dave Shumka.
Together, we host a show called Stop Podcasting Yourself.
We're from Canada.
Don't hang out.
Don't hang out.
And every week, we're lucky enough to be joined by a guest, sometimes a comedian,
or sometimes just somebody that we like and somebody probably you've never heard of.
But trust us.
If you followed us this far into the promo, just try it out, please.
Do we sound too desperate?
Stop podcasting yourself on MaximumFun.org.
