The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. Uh, let me check my documents here. I'm your
middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. Sup, it's Griffin. What's up, Griffin? We've got another
film watch, uh, one of our great series where we pick a popcorn flick coming out that week and
pretend as though we're very excited for it and that we've seen it or will see it, and this week
our, uh, the funny one we got is They Shall Not Grow Old. You guys ready for some fucking gags?
They Shall Not Grow Old watch. Peter Jackson has taken a bunch of dope ass footage from World War
One and given it that, put Jar Jar in it, cleaned it up, put Jar Jar in it, colorized it, smoothed
it out, sexied it up, crunchitized it. Now Justin photoshopped away all the old man wrinkles,
put a bunch of Instagram filters on it. It's just a bunch of sexy ass Chris Helmsworths walking
around. Now Justin, I of course know everything about this film. I studied it up before I watched
it, but for those at home that may be wondering, is this like, is there like a storyline?
It's like, it's a, it's an homage to British troops in the First World War with a bunch of
footage that he has like remastered, uh, with, uh, overlaid with a narrative of those who partook
in the war from interviews made in the 60s and 70s. What is, what's uncomfortable is they can't,
it's like Super Bowl, they can't actually say World War One, so they call it the Big Fight
throughout the whole movie. The first big fight! Yeah, the huge skirmish. I think that this,
if you have, okay, if you've seen this footage, it is amazing what, uh, Pete has done. He's taken
this like really old grainy footage and made it feel so real, uh, which, uh, is, is extremely
impressive. The reviews are in on this one, and it is, I just, it's an amazing achievement that
Peter Jackson has done, and the critics are all uniformly lining up to hail this outstanding,
amazing achievement, but you know there's still one who's like, I don't know, I don't know.
Where's the superheroes? I've seen some other movies and I've
never before seen World War One footage digitally remastered for modern audiences.
This one left me feeling a little cold. So I guess the thing that's on everybody's tongues is
what's, what else can Peter put his magic touch on and remaster? What, uh, maybe just wars or
maybe there's other stuff? It seems like war he's got pretty much figured out at this point,
so maybe it's cheaper for him to do wars. I, I have some footage of me making a sandwich a
couple years ago, but I, I didn't make it interesting. I forgot to make it interesting,
if I'm being honest. The sandwich or the footage?
I mean both, honestly. I would like Peter Jackson to remaster my sandwich.
I'd like to see him take a pass at the War of the Roses, but not the actual one,
the Kathleen Turner film. Oh, yeah. Punch it up. Punch up that Kathleen Turner Michael Douglas
classic. Punch it. This guy could do anything, right? Pete can take a whole war and make it
feel like one movie. He could take 50,000 orcs and make them feel like one army. What I would
like him to do is dip into the series Supernatural, which has just crested 300 episodes, and I would
love him to just bring it on in. What I want Pete to do, now that he's finished his World War I
film documentary, I want him to just take all 300 episodes of the Supernatural and just fucking
bring it in so I can get caught up on this series, see what all the fuss is about.
Every other issue of Entertainment Weekly has it on the cover. I just want to get in on the hubbub,
the fandom, the tumbling of this show, and I can't because there's 300 episodes and I will be dead
by the time that I watch all those back-to-backs. I just need Pete to bring it in. To bring it on.
J-Man, I'm going to do some quick math here, and let's assume that with commercial breaks,
there's 45 minutes of actual Supernatural in each episode, and you're saying 300,
so that's 13,500 minutes. Wouldn't it be amazing if Michael, if, if, if, who's Michael? If Peter
Jackson could- Who's Michael, though?
I don't know. Where did Michael come from?
I was thinking of Michael Jackson. If Peter Jackson-
That's 225 hours of Supernatural. Right.
So much. So much show.
Or- In one hour.
Nine and a third days of Supernatural. In one hour, he would have to squeeze
225 minutes into each minute of an hour long episode to get you caught up.
Math is fun. I think that- Thank you, Griffin. I agree.
I think that, can you even imagine, he did the whole war, I guess, in one flick,
but The Hobbit, a 300 page long book, did take three flicks. That's kind of a fart in the face
to people who did World War I, huh? I think so.
Well, or something.
If they could come back and watch one of the three Hobbit movies where it's like,
here's a 30 minute section on the kind of grass that hobbits eat or whatever,
and they're like, wow, that's cool. My whole thing got blown up, but I guess that one got-
Cut for time, Pete. I cut my whole place getting blown up for time, I guess.
I think that there is- And I think this one is just coming out for one day at a limited
release situation. An event release, if you will.
What a hot watch we're doing.
Yeah, this is a hot watch. February 1, I think, is the time that you can see this one out.
Cool, man.
Yeah, man, cool. Go see this flick. Let us know. Well, I mean,
let Rotten Tomatoes know what you think, and we'll definitely see it that way.
We are an advice program, right? So we take questions from you, our beloved audience.
You can send those to mbambam at maximumfun.org, and send us your questions. Let us know how we
can help. If you need real, actual advice, not pretend advice, or you just want to tell us a
story or anything like that. If you need actual advice, let us help you. That's our core competency,
really, when all is said and done.
And that's going to do it for us this week.
That's it for our episode. A lot of just sort of talking in this one.
Yeah, but we want to say thank you to-
Hey, wait, let me get a hand on the talking ball.
We never say thank you to the address.
No, listen, I want to talk. I want to talk. I just got a Google calendar notification pop
up that Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out tomorrow. I can't believe it's actually here, folks,
and I heard in this one, Mickey Mouse actually kills Sephiroth.
Why didn't we do a watch on that? Why did we pick the hard one about the war that we
don't know much about and have to really kind of watch what we say?
We could have talked about, it's because you're so very excited for it, huh?
I just can't wait to watch Mickey Mouse fight.
Do you think when they're getting ready to make a new Kingdom Hearts game,
they just do a deep dive on Disney fan fiction and steal a bunch of ideas?
They've stolen a lot of my Wreck-It Ralph fan fiction.
I have one where his fists go to the sides of buildings, and they're so big and sweaty,
he can't do anything with them, and they drag him around, and Elsa and Moana and
Flint Ryder from Tangled have to come help him carry his fists, and his pants get caught.
His super overalls get caught on a rock, and they tear off.
And so they're dragging him by his huge fists, and that is in Kingdom Hearts 3.
I saw it on a trailer, so I'm not going to say it on that.
Yeah, Kingdom Hearts 3 does have Wreck-It Ralph with his huge fists,
and he teams up with Master Chief for an Ultima summon.
And his pants rip off, I guess?
His pants rip off, and his-
But it's not a dress. Listen, it's not a sexual thing.
It's just a funny thing that happens.
And his Jim Jams all pixelated, and Master Chief's like,
what's, oh, I guess they're censoring your Jim Jam.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
And Wreck-It Ralph's just like, no, that's what it looks like on a video game.
And Master Chief then just says a quiet prayer.
He's very religious in this one.
There's a lot of praying to Christ.
Yeah, there's a whole Christ narrative in this one.
Yeah, one of the movies that they make a world out of is The Bible.
It's great.
Yeah, the Disney movie The Bible.
And sort of fully gets saved. Let's do some questions.
Finally, Mickey converts.
Master Chief takes off his helmet.
He says, finally, I can reveal my identity as Jack Sparrow.
The whole time it's been Jack Sparrow underneath the helmet.
And then he becomes a Christian, too.
This would have been a way better intro.
It's a shame we didn't do this one.
Jesus Christ.
Then Tron comes out.
He's doing all these crazy stunts.
And when the camera pulls back, he's spelled out with his light cycle.
John 3.16.
Yeah.
Tron loves Jesus, too.
Cyber Jesus, of course.
But all right, all right.
Here comes the question.
At the end of Kingdom Hearts, they all get saved.
Okay, okay.
No, pull it back in.
Pull it back in.
Oh, we were almost there.
We were so close to doing our podcast that we do it every week.
Here comes the podcast you've been waiting for.
Then I pictured Lightning McQueen getting baptized.
We can't, we can't.
It's just a car, but it's a car wash.
We can't, we can't, we can't.
Go, read the first question.
Go, come on.
No, we can't do this.
I can't do it.
No.
We can't do this.
The chicken from Moana says Jesus.
All right, so we're done.
We're done, that's it.
That's it.
He swallows a Bible whole and he gets choked on it.
All right, here comes the first question.
He does go to heaven.
Hey, hey.
Voiced by Alan Tudyk.
For the last year or so, I've been working in the mall as a retail assistant.
Throughout, I don't like the feeling of doing one of these questions.
I don't like reading questions written by-
Come on, nephew, you feel froggy?
Do it, baby.
You started.
It's just reading a question written by a sensible human being is weird to me.
For the last year or so, I've been working in a mall as a retail assistant.
Throughout my time working there, I have gotten to know quite a few of the people who also work
in the mall.
A few weeks ago, a girl who works at the Mexican restaurant-
Justin, come on.
You're sitting down here.
I'm fine.
And the mall came to introduce herself.
She told me her name, and then I should, quote, drop by sometime.
And she will give me some- give me half-priced burritos.
I have now happily done so on several occasions.
I just thought that this is a friendly thing to do, but my co-workers met her before,
and they have never been offered any discount.
Some of my co-workers now think she's into me.
This wouldn't be a problem, except for the fact that I have been happily part of her
relationship for the past four years, and we've recently gotten engaged.
So my question is, is it okay for me to keep this burrito agreement and not tell this girl
I'm engaged as long as she doesn't ask?
That's from Question Quesadilla.
This is a heavy one to start out with.
What a tonal shift from Sora getting saved by Jesus Christ to this tempted by the burrito
of another sort of situation.
I feel like swing on by for half-priced burritos is a weird game.
Is some weird game, maybe?
And I don't know.
I think if you have something as powerful as half-priced burritos to offer, I feel like
that's a big ol' power move, because it almost ensures, like, I'm gonna see this person again.
Well, it also shows I can provide for you.
Yes, burritos.
Which is important.
My love language is half of the money that I would have to spend on burritos just being
saved in my back pocket.
This is a tricky one, because there's so many ways it can play out.
Number one, they're not actually into you, they're just being friendly.
And also, what store do you work at?
That's it.
Maybe they're trying to get half-price iPhone.
Ooh, they're trying to get a reciprocal deal.
That's entirely possible.
See, but the element of this question that is kind of a, like, breaks the whole thing
wide open is that none of the question askers' co-workers have been offered the same deal.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean? So, like, this is unique to them.
But maybe it's just all your other co-workers are drips, and you're awesome, and the person's
like, I want to hang out with this person more and become friends, and it's, here's
what you need to do.
Okay.
Bring your fiancé with you.
This is not good.
That's not good.
What?
I think-
The only other option, like, if you feel bad, is to say, like, hey, I appreciate the half-price
burritos, but you should know I'm in a relationship.
No.
And that's, like, the worst thing I can do.
No, but here's the problem.
There's a very different version of this question that we could get that's like, hey, I've been
trying to hit on this guy with some low-price Mexican cuisine, and he just brought in his
fiancé.
Do I have to keep giving him these great burritos?
Damn, you're right.
I'm also assuming the gender of the question asker, which I shouldn't do because we have
no idea, but whoever it is, I feel like that's not-
Here's the thing.
If you're getting half-price burritos, folks, the half of the price has to come from somewhere,
and maybe it's coming from this employee.
Maybe it's coming from Mr. Bell.
I don't know, but it's coming from somewhere.
Mr. Kedoba.
Somewhere along the chain, a piper is not getting paid, and I think that you could do
that a couple times and feel okay about it.
It's not a permanent solution, though.
I don't think you could do that permanently.
I don't feel great about that.
I feel like somebody, eventually the game's going to get got, and if you're just in it
for the free burritos and not the camaraderie or the companionship, I feel like maybe it's
time to let this particular hookup slide on by, unless you can reciprocate with a hookup.
You start bringing them burritos.
You start bringing them a half of a burrito, Travis, from a different, better place.
And then you glue it to the burrito they gave you, and you hand it back and say,
good as new. I got this out of Kedoba, and I know you're probably not legally allowed
to go into Kedoba, so here's a Kedoba burrito.
I like how you say that.
What, Kedoba?
How would you say it?
I don't know.
I've just never said it out loud because I've been afraid of doing it wrong.
Well, I live with no fear.
I do not have any limits.
It's 2019.
I'm becoming the monster.
Let the big dog eat.
If Travis actually says Kedoba out loud, he loses his powers.
I can't.
I can't say Kedoba out.
Oh, no!
My tricks have finally paid off.
How about a Yahoo?
I want to pivot.
Okay.
Yeah.
The power is in your hands.
Here's a Yahoo.
This one was sent in by Emily Shock.
Thanks, Emily.
It's a Yahoo Answers user.
FN2187, which I believe is the Star Wars guy.
Wait, when did the first Star Wars movie come out?
I mean, the, I guess, seventh one come out.
That was when?
That was fairly recent.
That was while I was living in Austin.
I think it was like 2014, 2015, something like that.
FN2187, which is the name of the Star Wars guy,
has been a member since May 7th, 2007.
So they just happened to, I'm guessing the Star Wars
stole their shit from this Yahoo Answers user?
Or they changed their username.
No.
So they ask, my dreams be having 10 to 30 second commercials.
Is this normal?
Yes.
No lie.
I can't make things like this up.
You could.
I normally don't remember my dreams,
but when this happens, it helps me remember them.
Y'all ever have sort of like, you're enjoying a dream.
You're, you know, flying a jumbo jet with Richard Dreyfuss
and suddenly he turns into a piranha plant from Mario
and then all of a sudden you're fully erect
and you're like, what is this gonna?
And then it's just like, you know, you get to,
you watch the Gillette commercial,
the one everybody's talking about.
All the advertising my dreams is native advertising.
Like it happens in the, like I would be flying
with Richard Dreyfuss so that Mario would show up
and then he would pull out a Gillette razor
and start shaving his mustache
and talking about how smooth the shave it is
and how it's making him a better person
and not a jerk all the time.
Yeah, sure.
Sure, we do co-branded campaigns.
So it is original content and then at the end,
it just is like sponsored by Chevrolet.
Oh, that's nice.
And it's not about the product, right?
Like the car might be in it for like a second,
but really it's more about like I'm driving like a car
and I'm naked and my teeth fall out
and then the car explodes and then I'm a lizard
and then I can fly and then at the end,
it's like sponsored by Chevrolet.
Yeah.
Don't you guys think, isn't the weirdest part of a dream
always where like you get to the end of the story
in the dream, but you're not awake yet.
So then everybody in the dream just kind of stands around
kind of like hands in pockets.
And it goes on for like a long time
until they look at you and say, wake up,
please, we're really bored.
And then you wake up, but you're still in the dream
brought to you by Chevrolet.
Yeah, the problem is when you take one of the commercial pills
that implants it in your mind
so that you can see it when you dream.
That Morpheus gives you.
Morpheus gives you.
It's hard to flush those out sometimes.
So you get them, I'm still getting commercials
for the Fire Fest.
I'm still getting those in there.
So I'll be having a dream where me and Robert Lozier
are having a huge fist fight on the moon
and then all of a sudden Ja Rule pops up
and I'm like awake enough to say like,
Ja, you got to get out of there, bud.
You got to get out of there, bud.
Bud, it's not going to happen for you this time.
You need to go.
But every time it still goes and he still does it.
Ah, shoot.
You know, here's the thing that's really fucking me up
is I bought ads in my own dream.
And this is early days.
Early days of my brother, my brother and me
just to try to get some buzz going.
And so now I'm right now having a hard time
telling if this is a dream that I'm dreaming
with an ad for my own podcast in it
or if I'm actually sitting here recording.
Don't try to fucking freak my bean, dude,
because it's early and it'll work.
And I can't have that kind of schism.
I'm not trying to freak your bean.
I'm living in my own bean freak
and you're just here for the ride.
You know what I mean?
Wow, I have this occasional part time job
as kind of a secret shopper
where I go to restaurants, gas stations and the like,
OK, I'm going to stop real quick.
If you say my job is, quote, kind of a secret shopper,
I assume you are a thief or a murderer.
The most suspicious, suspicious intro possible.
OK, I have the occasional part time job
as kind of a secret shopper
where I go to restaurants, gas stations and the like
and attempt to buy alcohol or cigarettes
and test the cashier server checks for ID.
I cannot get over Justin.
You have made me realize how much secret shopper
sounds like a euphemism for a shoplifter.
Yes, like I shop in secret.
Occasional part time secret shopper
sounds like you're a shoplifter 100%.
I'm 23 but I look 17.
So most of the time the employee passes this weird test.
I'm not given a script or anything,
but the goal is to appear to be
somewhat normal shopper slash diner.
Recently, I've been tasked with attempting to buy vapes.
I don't vape or have friends who vape,
so I don't really have to ask a cashier for a vape
without sounding completely unbelievable.
Brothers, how does one try to buy a vape
without sounding like a cop?
That's from vexed about vapes in Chicago.
One vape, please.
Yeah, vape me.
Vape me up.
I'm just now remembering,
I just had a very vivid memory of being in high school
and another friend trying to recruit me
into one of these programs.
Like to be an undercover narc, right?
Where they send teenagers in to buy cigarettes
and if they let them, then the place gets in trouble.
It's only now occurring to me that this thing
where it's a real adult pretending to be underage
makes a lot more sense from sort of a legal perspective
than sending 16-year-old narcs in to buy smokes.
But also, to that point, J-Man,
selling cigarettes or vapes to a 23-year-old
is in no way illegal.
Now, I get that you're supposed to check IDs
if they look under 35, which is bonkers,
but that idea of like, whoa, you're in trouble
because that could have been a teen.
It's like, yeah, but it wasn't.
Yeah, but like, my thing was entrapment.
So I could see where that would be a problem.
And you did slink around in those leather pants
to buy those cigarettes.
I had a stippled-on beard that I thought was convincing.
But I had to deal with this while working at GameStop
because pretty close to the end of my tenure
with that great company, they instituted policy
where you did have to like ID people
if they were trying to buy a mature-rated game
because, you know, an 18-year-old
who comes in to buy Call of Duty 9
for sure is gonna have their ID on them.
They are for sure, they do know how to drive a car
and they're very good at it.
And every time that someone would come up
and buy a mature-rated game,
I would assume they were a secret shopper,
which never worked because I never actually got one.
But if I had, boy, would they have been flummoxed.
I would be like, oh, wanna buy this mature blood game, huh?
Gotcha.
Okay, so it depends.
Part of this is like if you're going into a vape shop proper
or you're going into Speedway to just buy a vape
because those, they don't give a shit.
You could wander in there and say like,
I need, I don't know, a vape.
And they're not gonna have the sort of expertise
to guide you to the proper vaping experience.
If you're at a vape shop proper,
I think that that becomes a lot harder.
I think that because you're not gonna know,
you know, the terms and all the slang.
So as I understand it from my years in the game,
you go in, you say, I need to, okay, here's the thing.
I got it, I got you, I got a solution.
Okay, here's the solution.
You don't go in equipment focus or slang focus
or juice focus, you go in outcome focus.
You go in and say, I wanna crank so much cotton
that my mom has to leave the room.
Yeah, and then reverse engineer.
Yes, exactly.
Here's my end goal is I wanna crank
some serious fucking dragon's breath, my man.
And I don't know how to achieve that.
And I want it to also have nicotine for sure,
you know, the illegal stuff.
So that's my outcome, that's my solution.
I need you to get focused on the steps we take
to get there vis-a-vis equipment and technology
and implants, whatever it takes.
Yeah, cause it's like building a lightsaber, right?
You're gonna go through every step with them
and that's how you're gonna master it, right?
And I guarantee someone working at a vape shop
and that's like their job is gonna be super excited
to have some kind of like goal that they're chasing
and not just like give me some great vape.
I imagine there's gonna be a lot of like
steepling of the fingers and let me just,
do you like cinnamon?
We've gotten some new carbides from Vienna, right?
And then they like roll out like kind of a jeweler's mat.
You know?
I'm sorry, I'm just so obsessed with this idea
of your vape rig having to be like your lightsaber
that you put together and choosing the Kyber crystal
that goes inside of it.
And you have to make, I feel like everybody
should have to make their own vape rig.
I don't think you should be able to buy them.
I think it should, this is my vape rig.
There are many like them, but this one is mine.
It's how you learn the responsibility.
You know what I mean?
Like yes, I shape this with my will.
I was thinking about vapes that look like other things
because I'm sure someone has made
like a huge lightsaber vape.
The ones I've seen on the street
all look like lightsabers anyway.
So I typed in sonic screwdriver
and I'm very upset with Google
and what Google thinks of me
because the auto complete from sonic screwdriver
is sonic screwdriver vape.
And so like Google has my fucking number
in a major way.
Oh no.
You could have poking out of your shirt pocket
a ticket for an R-rated movie.
And so you can walk in and be like,
I would like to buy a vape.
And they're like, wait a minute, how?
And then they'll look in your pocket
and what's that say?
Fatal attraction.
Well.
Well you must be 40 years old.
If you have a fatal attraction ticket,
you're good to go.
Or maybe just walk in with like holding a baby.
And then you're like, I would like to buy a vape.
And they're like, well,
they have a baby with them.
Hurry it up.
Me and this baby have to go see fatal attraction.
And then I've got to pay my taxes.
My taxes I have as an adult.
Car insurance.
Am I right?
I think you can't bring a baby into a vape shop.
I'm not.
I'm going to revoke that advice.
I don't think you can.
No, no, no.
The baby's 26.
Can you guys not vape just for like a little bit?
Just like clear it out in here.
Can everyone stop?
The baby's a cop too.
Yeah.
And it is a baby,
but it's trained for this shit.
It only exhales.
This baby's getting too old for this shit.
Because he's four and he's pretending to be a vape baby.
A vape bait baby.
I'd bring him to vape shops to see if they let me have a baby in here.
You've been busted.
This is my vape baby vape-ster.
I'd bring vape-ster into vape shops
and see if they make me take the vape, my vape, vape baby out.
My vape, vape, vape, vape, vape baby.
And it's legal to have a baby in a vape shop.
So the vape shop doesn't throw you out with the baby.
Then they're busted.
That's a double illegal crime.
Well, let's not throw the vape fog out with the baby water.
Should we go to the money zone?
We're already there.
Look around you.
I built it when you weren't looking.
Now I'm breaking over the entrance.
So you're trapped here forever.
Oh no, I've been, I've been cask of a mamba, a monologue.
No, you got it right, Ferris.
It's cask of a mamba number five a lotto.
Correct.
Hey, I want to tell you all about me undies because Valentine's Day.
Hard pass.
What?
Hard pass.
Why?
I don't want to know about your undies.
Oh, I see.
Oh, this is a silly episode.
Yeah, we're having fun not getting the things done that we got to get done in this one contractually.
But me undies is great for Valentine's Day because they're, first of all, quality underwear.
They're made out of micromodal fabric, which is three times softer than cotton.
And you can choose from four different cuts of underwear.
There's the prime cut.
There's the flank.
You can get a porterhouse underwear, all of which are available from-
Mine's a T-bone.
Yeah, from Classic Colors.
Ew, Travis!
Travis!
That was a finger.
It was a stinker.
Yikes.
And it's got adventurous prints.
I recently Marie Kondo'd my whole wardrobe.
And so now I am happy to say that pretty much all the underwear I own is me undies, and that's great.
And for Christmas, Rachel got me a me undies onesie that when I was in town in Huntington
for the holidays, you could not get me out of.
It's true.
Yeah, so Valentine's Day, it's a great gift.
And they have lounge pants as well.
So me undies has a great offer for our listeners.
If you want to get 15% off your first pair, free shipping, and a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
go to meundies.com slash my brother.
That's meundies.com slash my brother.
All one word.
I would like to tell you about Stitch Fix.
Do it, Howard.
I don't know who was at-
I don't know who was at PodCon.
And I don't know who's seen pictures of PodCon.
Oh, shit.
But I got this sweater.
Well, one, okay, everything in the getting ready room for all the podcasters.
Everybody.
Everybody.
I think Hank and I were wearing the same pants at one point.
I fucking ran into Hank at the airport wearing the sweater that I saw him wear.
I packed the sweater that I saw him wearing during the opening ceremony.
And I had it.
It was my only clean shirt left on the day I was traveling home.
And it's like, oh, it's fine.
I won't see Hank.
Saw him in the fucking airport line.
But basically, anyone who has tried Stitch Fix is like into it.
Yes.
I got this sweater that I wore at PodCon that had like a blue bow on it.
And like nonstop-
That was a Stitch Fix?
Yeah.
Damn, that's a good sweater.
I know, nonstop.
People are like, great sweater, great sweater, great sweater.
And that's the thing is if you're looking to up your game, Stitch Fix is the way to do it
because they don't just send you stuff.
Like they talk to you.
They ask you questions.
They say, what do you like?
Do you like this?
And they also ask you, and this is my favorite thing, price ranges that you're comfortable
spending on clothes.
Because I know like I don't want a $200 t-shirt.
Like me and Macklemore both agree that's ridiculous.
And so you would say like, I don't want to pay more than blank for a t-shirt.
So they tailor not only the style, but the prices to you as well.
And you work with a personal stylist who will handpick those items for you.
And then if you don't like something, you send it back and you don't have to pay for it.
And that also helps them shape your profile so that the next time it's even more accurate.
How do I get this box?
How do I get this wonderful box?
Thank you so much for asking, Griffin.
You go to stitchfix.com slash my brother and you can get started now
and you'll get an extra 25% off when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother to get started today.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Hello, this is Amy Mann.
And I'm Ted Leo.
And we have a podcast called The Art of Process.
We're talking about how the creative process is in itself an art form in our opinion.
There are underlying forms and structures that serve as a scaffolding for any creative endeavor.
We've been lucky enough over the past year to talk to some of our friends and acquaintances
from across the creative spectrum to find out how they actually work.
We weirdly don't know as many musicians as you would expect.
New episodes will be coming every other Monday.
Starting January 28th.
So please listen and subscribe at maximumfun.org or wherever you get your podcast.
Do y'all want a Yahoo?
I would love that, Griffin.
It's sent in by Sid Ross, this Yahoo Answers user.
Shh.
Who asks, can a locksmith break into every door?
This one I wanted to talk about because-
Okay.
I would hope.
A locksmith can just kind of get in there.
A locksmith motto could be we just get in there.
When you can't get in there and you need to and it's yours,
the locksmith will be there for you.
That seems wild to me that there's a career, a profession in there.
There's probably a career out there called lock maker.
And then there's an evil sort of in-
I'm not saying all locksmiths are evil,
but I'm saying if they could be,
you know how they don't trust the X-Men because of their mutant powers
and they could do infinite evil with it?
I'm just saying I don't know why we're sort of allowing locksmiths
to be so footloose and fancy free with their stuff.
I don't know.
I'm sitting here trying to think of another profession
that is so closely related to like burglaring.
You know, like there is not another-
It's not like, oh yeah, I'm a wall scaler.
If you need me to scale,
I'm a professional guy who cuts holes in skylights.
If you've ever locked your keys in your home
and then had to call a locksmith to come help you out,
I think that it is a universal human experience
to watch someone break into your door in 20 seconds and go, huh.
Yeah, okay, huh.
Locksmiths, if you can at least pretend like it's a challenge
and sit there and be like,
well, this is the toughest lock I've ever seen.
Something like that just to make me feel like,
oh, this is going to take me at least an hour and a half
giving you plenty of time to call the police if you needed to,
but you don't.
Pulling this lock requires an extremely loud drill.
A rare tool that only I own and will melt down after I'm done over.
Here, I'm going to leave this with you.
Only I know how to unlock this door.
Now kill me.
That'll be $150.
Good, now kill me.
Kill me, that's the only way you're safe.
That'll be $150 for another 50.
You can clip out my tongue with these hedge trimmers.
Now drive this ice pick up my nose.
Nope, a little to the left.
Got it, there he goes.
Now that you think about it,
it's like paying somebody to point a knife at you.
I'm not saying that there shouldn't be locksmiths.
I'm not saying that all locksmiths are using their powers.
Probably most aren't.
That's probably a pretty good way to lose.
Most locksmiths are not.
Yes, but I mean,
I mean, there needs to be a checks and balances system.
Do you think they show up for monthly meetings of a locksmith union or something and they're like,
what, where's Debbie?
It was like, oh, she went rogue.
Yeah.
Oh no, yeah, she went to the dark side.
Debbie's a rogue nation now.
Yeah, well, we're going to have to hunt her and bring her in
so that she doesn't give other locksmiths a bad name.
But she's in a house behind 11 locked doors.
Oh no.
Are you guys tough enough for this challenge?
Yeah, just saying.
So anyway, let's keep an eye out.
Become the monster, but still be, you know, just keep an eye on locksmiths.
Do you think that every locksmith owns in their possession
a small locked box that they cannot open?
And if they do, they die?
The paradox lock.
Because they want to open it because it's a challenge, right?
Like they love doing, they love picking locks.
And it's like, hey, here's a lock that's unique to you.
No one else has ever picked this lock before.
Yeah.
But if you open it, you die.
Well, there's a pandemonium cube and locksmiths read it
as always blowing up about the pandemonium cube
because somebody's like, Debbie shows up and Debbie's like,
I think I got it, I think I got it.
And then she tries to pick it.
And then she, of course, gets turned into a skeleton
because she didn't, she forgot to turn that one sort of bust of the devil.
There's also the million fasted crystal of Akumara that a lot of people,
of course, you need a lot of souls to unlock that.
And that one's tricky.
Some people will tell you they're connected
and you need one to unlock the other.
I don't know.
I mean, we can talk about it in the forums all day.
You know what I mean?
But when it comes down to it,
I guess I'm just afraid of the power of the locksmith that opens it.
Yes, yes.
And what they might become.
Especially because they will definitely need to be in possession
of Igalatia's screaming blade.
And I feel like that is what really trips me out.
And the 100 wishes you get from the pandemonium cube
just seems excessive because you're going to change everything.
It seems like that amount of wishes is designed
to make you lose track of how many you have left.
Because it's not as though there's a counter on there.
Well, there might be.
Nobody's been inside the pandemonium.
There might be a little like LL.
Well, that's not necessarily true, Griffin,
because I have heard voices from inside the pandemonium cube
whispering to me the lock combination.
And I don't know if I trust it.
That's a trick.
They want to turn you into bones, Trav.
That's a trick.
That's an old trick.
You know fucking better than that.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
What?
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
This is what the voice sounds like.
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want too much.
Squad?
D, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d.
It's a little sad this year for Valentine's Day
that because of the Necco company going out of business,
we're not going to have the conversation hearts just like-
What?
Right?
Yeah.
I didn't know that happened.
Yeah, bud.
Necco's out of business and there's no candy hearts.
It seems wild that someone hasn't like swooped in and just like-
Oh, swooped in and inherited that incredibly successful
business plan of making yucky chalk candy
that got them closed down?
They have been bought.
The Necco company has been bought by the people who make-
Chalk.
No, the dumb, dumb people.
But they didn't have time to make the new ones this year.
So there is a gap, right?
Anywhere there's a gap in culture,
you can count on one company that's always 1k away from disaster.
It's Krispy Kreme and they're introducing a line
of Valentine's conversation heart donuts.
Ooh.
And they are basically just doing the thing
that they're not sure if anyone could sue them,
is what I would guess.
Currently, they're not sure who would sue them.
So they're just going to go ahead and do it.
And it's just donuts that look like those,
except they're very big and they have phrases like,
I heart you or pick me or all the feels.
Oh, yowza!
Hachi-machi, folks. Hey, folks, this is for maybe you.
Real quick sidebar.
Emotions are the thing that make life worth living
and separate us from sort of the animals and refrigerators
and all the other things that aren't people.
Can we not reduce the entire human experience
to the word feels?
Can we just be sad or happy or horny for donuts
or whatever it may be?
Anyway, so these are giant conversational hearts
that say things and they also say DM me on them.
So fuck it, I guess.
Fuck it, anything goes.
Why do they want you to play Dungeons and Dragons with them?
They got Hachi-machi.
They got four classic Krispy Kreme fillings.
That classic is spelled with the C.
Do not fret.
Cake batter, strawberries and cream,
raspberry filled and chocolate cream.
Mystery.
Mystery.
Cream. Power.
Loose flour.
Spare change.
Finding the right word can be like, I don't know, hard.
And there's a four dot ellipses here.
So I'm trying to punch my monitor and I'm just hurting my hand.
I can't shatter the screen.
But eating a donut is easy.
Well, so we printed the right words on the donuts
for you so you can't mess this up.
Save, again, Dave Skinna, chief marketing officer
for Krispy Kreme Donuts in, I would say,
a rare display of how these companies do, in fact,
feel about their core customer base.
Hey, dumb, dumb.
You know how you can't express how you feel good?
We wrote DM me on a fucking donut
so you can shove it your gob and cry.
Anyway, eat these.
No one's going to sue us.
We're invincible this year.
You can get one of these for free
if you're a Krispy Kreme rewards member.
You can get a free conversation heart donut of choice
with any purchase on Wednesday, February 6th.
If you're not already a rewards member, don't miss out.
Sign up at H-T-T-P-S colon slash slash W-W-W dot K-R-I-S-P-Y-K-R-E-M-E dot C-O-M slash A-C-C-O-U-N-T slash C-R-E-A-T-E dash A-C-C-O-U-N-T.
I look forward to someone remixing that.
That is the address to sign up for it.
Yeah, yeah, they couldn't get a bit.ly link going.
Couldn't get a bit.ly going.
And don't forget to show how you hashtag say it with donuts this Valentine's season
by tagging Krispy Kreme with a photo of your favorite Valentine's Day donut phrase.
And then it doesn't say this,
but I would say you wanna definitely append the hashtag.
Hashtag say it with donuts.
You know what I like to say with donuts?
What?
Woman you DUMP piece of s**t
I can't believe we shared that video, you made me so angry.
I hate your guts.
The only thing I say with donuts is,
it's Saturday morning and I've given up.
Those are the two things that I've.
This is my day.
This is my day, I guess.
I guess I'm putting me on this trajectory of the day.
Another question?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Thank you, Griffin.
Thanks for reminding me of what we're here for.
I hate getting haircuts for a lot of reasons,
but the main one is, I have no idea
what level of enthusiasm I have for them.
I have no idea what level of enthusiasm
I should be displaying while I get my haircut.
I'm pretty awkward, so usually I don't talk
with the hairdresser, meaning that I sit there in silence
looking at my reflection and it seems to me
to have my resting, non-smiling expression.
It seems mean.
It seems mean, thank you,
to have my resting, non-smiling expression.
I always feel like the hairdresser thinks I'm judging them,
but then it feels even weirder
to be smiling the whole time.
Am I supposed to smirk?
Should I close my eyes and pretend to be asleep?
Please help.
That's from anxious in the hair seat.
You're deep in your own feels.
Deep in there, huh?
You're deep in the pocket.
You need to pull up, my friend, pull up.
We're all just in this thing together.
You know, we're all just here together
trying to work it out.
I'm willing to bet money that the hairdresser
is not looking in your face.
They are autopiloting, haircutting,
a thing that they've done 20 times a day
for the last X number of years,
and they're like singing a song in their head
or they're thinking about their grocery list or whatever.
I think you're probably okay
to make whatever face you're making,
but let me offer this.
Come in with just a powerful scowl and stay scowling,
but close your eyes while they're cutting your hair
and then open your eyes
and let your face break into a smile
and then reach up and touch your own face.
You can't imagine the feeling.
What is this?
And then hug them and begin to weep
and then tip them 25%.
Yeah.
That's all, I mean, that's all excellent.
Thank you, Travis.
I wanna dwell on the I'm awkward so I don't talk.
I think that part of that is just practice, my friends.
It's, you know, awkward just means I don't know what to say,
so maybe start thinking of some things
that might be good to say to somebody
while they're cutting their hair.
You know what I like to do?
I like, I have different people
cut my hair every single time.
I used to go to my guy Sunny up at Master Cuts.
Can't always get Sunny reliably,
so now I'm a vagabond.
I go where the wind takes me.
Last time I had my hair cut,
it was in the basement of this hotel in Cincinnati
when I was gonna go to BB's birthday party.
I got my hair cut at eight in the morning
down in some basement of a hotel.
I'm, it's random for me,
but you know what I like to ask somebody?
How did you get started cutting hair?
I'm curious.
How long you been doing it?
How long you been doing it?
Do you like doing it?
And you know what?
That's just letting somebody tell you their life story.
You're gonna learn a lot about the industry, the business.
You're gonna learn about them.
I think asking, asking questions, folks,
it is very rare that you're gonna go wrong.
Everybody, read your, you know, your Dale Carnegie.
People wanna talk about themselves.
And if you are uncomfortable talking,
then you're never gonna go wrong
just asking the person about their life.
You're gonna learn something.
You're gonna connect a little bit.
It goes down smooth every time.
Let the fear make you the monster.
The last time I had my hair cut
was by a guy on Route 60 who had a little stand
with a sign outside that said, cash only, $12.
Justin, what are you, what's your game?
Are you okay?
I went and sat down and he spent,
I asked a couple of questions about this person.
And then he spent 30 minutes telling me the story,
the grand tale of how his wife always wants to buy things
that are too large for rooms and then pick paint
that's too dark for the rooms
to make them seem even smaller.
And he is so tripped out about this
that he spent half an hour walking me on a journey
through his home, which I can now picture in perfect clarity.
And all the things in each room that are too large
for the individual rooms.
And he actually told me that when he,
he hated the last color of paint so much
that he asked the person that painted it
to leave him his number
because if his wife broke up with him,
he was going to call them to have them come back
and paint it a different color because he hated it so much.
It was a fucking great 30 minutes
and I got a great haircut out of it.
Okay, but please walk me through.
You were driving past and you saw a sign
that said cash only $12.
And you were like, screech and pulled in.
Yeah, I mean, pretty much.
I was at Google maps.
I stopped at the stop sign and I typed barber into it.
And I went to the closest place that was around,
that was there.
Your game is so wild.
Does that make you feel alive?
Is that the point?
I have two hairstyles, cut and not.
So it is a binary thing that is taking me
from longer to shorter.
That is it.
That is my style.
My go-to barber here in Austin made the mistake
of one of our first sort of sessions together.
Mentioning Pokemon.
She talked about wrestling.
Yeah, she mentioned a wrestling thing
she'd gone to around town.
It was one of two things, Justin.
I thought that was the third.
Well, Pokemon is basically animal wrestling.
So I'm not gonna say.
Yeah, I mean, especially with like a May Champ
who's got that style or an Incineroar,
like that one's full.
And that's 15 seconds.
Sorry, Griff.
There it goes.
Save it for next week.
One last Yahoo to close out?
Wait, no, no, no.
Do tell me about the wrestling.
It's just, you're only allowed to talk about.
She talked about wrestling.
Now every time I go see her, I'm like,
see any good wrestling lately?
But it was really just the one time.
It's like how like when you're young
and you mention in front of your grandparents
that you are into dinosaurs
because Jurassic Park just came out.
And then for the next 25 years,
you're getting dinosaur books, dinosaur bones,
actual ones they stole from a museum.
I hate, Griffin, I feel really bad
because that was the way that my brain
completed that anecdote.
And you told it with perfect efficiency.
You only told the first 10 seconds
because that's all you needed.
The rest of it shook out exactly the way.
I'm so sorry.
I wanna thank everybody for.
You're welcome.
Oh, come on now, Trav.
Come on, bud.
Razzed ya!
Another famous Travis Razz.
I wanna thank everybody for listening to our show.
If you want more stuff that we make,
go to McElroy, M-C-E-L-R-O-Y dot family,
and you can find all the shows we make,
all the zany videos, books,
and most importantly for this particular vignette
is tours.
You can go on there and buy tickets
to our next round of shows
that are gonna be Thursday, February 7th,
Birmingham, Alabama,
and Sunday, February 10th,
in New Orleans at the Orpheum.
We're gonna be doing my bim bam at both of those.
And both of those shows,
the websites don't even say this yet,
both of the shows are going to feature
both Sawbones and Schmaners.
Yeah, it's a whole lot of shows.
It's a lot of show,
and if you go to McElroy dot family
and click on tours,
then you can get tickets to those.
Also, I believe there's a new Monster Factory
out this week, and y'all.
It's a good one.
Oh no, then we gotta do the other part of that
that I have not done yet, but I will.
Also, on February 9th in New Orleans,
we're doing the Adventure Zone,
so you can get tickets for that as well.
We haven't sold a lot of tickets for those,
and we're probably gonna take a fucking bath on this one.
Folks, come on out.
We're just so excited to come visit.
We're just super excited to come,
but we also don't want this to be the only time we ever do
because we're bankrupt,
because nobody came to our show.
So please come to this show.
We knew that we didn't have a ton of listeners down there,
but we wanted them.
Why are we nagging ourselves?
This show's gonna kick ass.
We're gonna sell all this shit until the last day.
If you fucking miss it,
you're gonna be kicking your own butt.
When you put us in a corner,
when we don't fill a room,
and we're desperate and hungry,
that's when we put on the fucking best shows.
Ask anybody.
Ask Detroit.
Ask any city in this great country.
Don't ask Detroit.
Don't ask Detroit.
Specific, ask anywhere else.
McElroy.Family, just get the fucking tickets, please.
Please, I have children.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Fantastic, fantastic album.
Thank you to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to Maximum Fun,
check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Switchblade Sisters
and the Beef and Dairy Network.
And there's a bunch of new shows.
The JV Club with Janet Varney.
There's a ton of shows there,
all at MaximumFun.org that you should definitely go check out.
Also, real quick,
because we haven't mentioned it in a while,
the Adventure Zone graphic novel book two
is coming out this summer,
and you can pre-order that at TheAdventureZoneComic.com.
Yeah, should I tie it all up with a nice little ribbon?
Yes.
This final Yahoo that was sent in by Seth Carlson,
the delivery man, thank you.
It's Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
I'm gonna call them Joe.
Asks,
The sun?
Is that sucker big or what?
Ha ha ha ha.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
My brother, my brother, and me,
kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Is there a dog in a car at a bar on the street?
Yay!
I'm Alay Grigoryngo, a small dog owner.
My dog, Pistachio, howls when she's excited.
And I'm Ridday Culvert, a big dog owner.
My dog, Tugboat, tips over when he's sleepy.
And we co-host a podcast called Can I Pet Your Dog
that airs every Tuesday.
We bring you all things dog.
Yes, dog news, dog tech, dogs we met this week.
We also have pretty famous guests on Butt Legs.
We're not gonna let them talk about their projects.
No.
Just wanna hear about those dogs.
We don't wanna hear about your stuff, only your dogs.
So join us every Tuesday on MaxFun.
