The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother me and advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your miller's brother big dog woof woof Travis woof woof McElroy woof woof, and I'm sweet baby brother
Griffin McElroy
And thank you everybody for coming to our press conference. It's been a while since we please sit down sit down sit down, please
Yeah, you sit down. Hey, why are you clapping? Why are you clapping?
Stop it. We have a limited time frame. Yes, please listen
I'm so excited to announce
I
It's been so much work getting to this this point
I am so excited to announce that my brother my brother and me series of
non-fungible tokens or in the parlance of the people
Nifty's thank you
We call them we have a series these exclusive
J pegs. Yep are I mean glossy glossy and beautiful easily downloadable but ownable by only by you
My favorite is we've got a torsie the torso horse. Oh great. Yeah, and it's an NFT the
Bidding on that will start at ten
$1000 yeah, it's gonna be
There's there's shirtless there's shirtless jeans Griffin J dot J peg
Which I didn't actually demanded there needed to be stats on it
like
String a baseball card like strength style more Pokemon like strength stat how much energy it costs for me to do my like flexing powers
That makes all right like fall down
Now I've done one here and that one that one's that one's like nine books
I've done one here where what I've done it so you guys know the Mona Lisa, right? Yes
So yes, I took a picture of that when I was at the Louvre. Yeah, and then I
photoshopped in
An engorged penis instead of the face. Oh
Call it boner Lisa and before you ask for hey, we're not in work of art
We're not I understand I understand into it, but it is kind of a tribute to yeah
Thank you. Yes a little bit still kept the enigmatic smile. This is a boner with a secret and
That one the bidding actually started at $50,000, but it's already been more or less purchased. We're in final talks
Tom Hanks wants to buy it and option it and write a script about it
Yeah, kind of I think it's like a da Vinci code spin-off or something. Yeah, so that's more or less spoken for at this point
So these are really exciting and we're using
some
of the usual channels to
Sell these NFTs
Books a million one of them might be
crypto
Site uh-huh open place open to site openplace.gov
We're so these and
We're just excited and I yes
Uh-huh to answer your question three percent of all profits will be
Given to charity. So I mean I might that's well
like 1.5
To well three point it's there's a percentage deal. Okay, so thank you
We're also doing mp3s, which is what a lot of people are calling mp3s these days. Yeah
This episode every word I'm saying right now. It's just like money money when I'm saying the words money money money money money
It's actually increasing the value of them of the money
Yeah, and I'm releasing my own
My own fallout boy cover album. That's just fall in boy
And there's like a comma and exclamation point there and that will be available
directly
through
Check this out
Bazinga
So I'm gonna NFT that that just that one sort of one and a half second sound bite. Sorry. Wait. Oh
Oh
They got another press conference starting here. Oh, so we got a ring. Thank you. Yeah
Thank you so much for coming and we'll turn everything right now
Hello everybody, thank you for thank you for coming today
Gosh where to begin? Yeah
Mistakes were made we are but first let me begin with an apology. Yeah, we did not consider
our
NFT program
Before we announced it. Yeah to you the the listening public and for that we are I mean so sorry
Really really so and I know what you're thinking. But then how did you schedule this press conference?
This was going to be a bit of a victory lap press conference because we thought we had done
We thought we've figured out you know, he's and we're gonna brag about how good we did
um, but you know, uh, you know, yeah, you make a plan and God laughs
Some of the things we've heard one if I could just run down
One
Stupid yeah, like that's
That was a big one
Number two killing the planet. Yeah, there are apparently these things they're not so nifty for old Mother Earth
Yeah, which is weird. It's just me saying Bazinga and then a thousand trees die
Now to be fair
Boner Lisa is a lot of giggle bites. It's
It's it's about a hundred GBS. It's uncompressed all the way
Yeah, if you tweeted when you were listening to the first part of this
About how mad you were. Yeah, we hope you will now
We did see that we heard you and if you could issue a retraction like thank goodness
They're doing the right thing. Yeah, boy. These guys always they say the McElroy's they usually get it right in the end
Right. This is probably our quickest turnaround
Yeah, I think from three guys that announced the slay the live shows and cancel them the next day
So like this is actually a new land speed a new land shame record for us, which is here
And I do want to Tom Hanks if you're listening, I will not be returning the down payment on Boner Lisa. That is already spent
You know what? It's a real fucking crypto geek. Yeah, well, he loves it cuz he first got into it cuz he was like Crips
I love exploring those things and then I explained to him but he's had already invested millions of dollars, right?
And I did want to say to Elon Musk. I think you stink, but thank you
Thank you for the seven and a half million dollars for Bazinga
I notice you've been putting it in all your tweets
You've been embedding the Bazinga soundbite in all your tweets, which I did not know was possible
and it's it is fit is funny and
I
Guess I guess that's all I did again personally on like a personal moral level. I I do think that you are
Shit head belongs in the garbage, but I do I I'm gonna do so much good with that eight and a half million
I forget what I said is a lot of money though
So thank you, and we're sorry
Well, not that Tom Hanks
I'm sorry to Tom Hanks about what that's just cuz I haven't watched it yet
Yeah, oh yeah, I got I keep getting those texts like what do you think and I'm like, it's next
Next on this buddy promise. I've been saying that for a while and then Witcher came out and I was like, oh man
I gotta watch Witcher first and he's like I get it. I get it
I love Geralt and all of his wacky shenanigans, but then you'll watch fence, right?
And I was like, well, it's not really I don't know if it's a holiday appropriate and he was like, oh, yeah
I get that but like January 2nd, and I was like you got it buddy, and I know I'm not going to
Like a cowboy bebop rewatch. Well, it's more like a rework. They should have a name for a rewatch that you do the first time
Yeah
But it's it's like that from my desk at work a note from Justin McElroy
Re the NFT
From the desk of Justin, well
Team McElroy, we let you down again and gosh gosh. It's a tough one
I have a door that opens into a common hallway
Door
Everyone who goes past can see me and I can overhear any conversations in the hall. I can show it all
I'm just watching the game controlling. I
I just heard another co-worker telling someone that there was birthday cake downstairs and that they should go as a group to get some
However, I don't know whose birthday it is and that co-worker didn't explicitly invite me even though she could see me at my desk
I really want free cake
But I'm afraid it's gonna be awkward if I go down to this party alone and I'm invited brothers
How can I invite myself down for some cake? That's from cake conundrum in California
I
Listen, it's go please. Yeah, I feel like this is a non-problem, right if there's they're all non-problems
Travis we got a podcast. Yeah, we don't put we don't include actual problems
If the statement is made there is birthday cake downstairs now what I am assuming here
Because there's no other details given that even though it is a separate floor
It is the same business that this is not like a different business that you would be
Oh interesting. That's a different thing. But as long as this is like the same business and just a different floor of the office
The cakes there for everybody whether you know who that person is or not, right? Like yeah
There has never been an office birthday cake in which you had to pass a test of like answering
Personal questions about the person and chances are there are names on the ding-dang thing
It's but no
I don't think I don't think this is as risk-free as you're making it out to be because there's gonna be a lot of people
down there and if you're not the type of person that usually
Socializes and you grab yourself a big honking piece of cake that had the one that actually has
Deremey's face on it
Then they're not gonna they're not gonna just let that slide
Can can I I don't want to be a real fud fuddy-duddy and I know that's a real fud rucker
I occupy the fud rucker sector on this show more times than I prefer but
most
birthday cake specifically store-bought birthday cake is not like
very good
or at least not as not so good that it merits this kind of like
What I would call bold sort of social interaction. Oh
No, no, it's like somebody has been living away from Kroger for too long
It has you've forgotten the face of your whippy because Kroger Kroger whippy is worth it
Sure, Kroger with hey folks. Have you never had a cake Kroger whip?
It's a bad get yourself and do a Kroger right away and get you some whipping
Not only that Griffin, but I know you I've known you for a long time
You've never had a traditional office job. So you do not know the joy to try data
I guess that's true for one. I don't know you at all. You're a complete stranger to me
but maybe you've just forgotten in the intervening years the joy of
Having any kind of blip of difference in the day
We're like you go into work and you're like, this is a normal day, right?
Yeah, and then all it takes is like you could have a surprise piece of cake no matter what the quality
Well, that's different right that feeling of it's not about if the cake is good or not. It's that it's
Different than not cake. That's fair, but I
It's I've had so many crumbly ass birthday cakes. Hey, can I just a quick aside? I did tell Henry
Like early this year about how Tommy Smurl fired me
a very good job during my summer working at tri-data and
to this day he still
leverages that in any sort of example where he needs to
Take me down a peg or two
Wow, just a lot of like you better come to the blue room and play with me or else
I'm gonna call Tommy to have him fire you again. Oh, yeah
Or is this true? It is a hundred percent true
The first time he did it was kind of sweet because he was like when we go to when we go home for Christmas
I'm not I'm gonna yell at Tommy because he fired you and I was like damn that would be one fucking hysterical
Yeah, it's too really sweet. But now he's decided like it's good that Tommy fired me
You know, I've been I've been reviewing the logs you were behind on your quotas. Yeah, fucking of course
I was dog. You went to Bonnaroo. I know
No, I mean even when I was at that job, I was still I was buddy the elf making etch-a-sketches. I was a fucking idiot
anyway
Can we talk to the wizard for a sec?
Yeah, let's approach him
The Wizards got a really wild one for us a real wild ride for us and I would say thank you to the wizard and also
Thank you to drew for sending this in
How to stop a wedding? Oh
We've all seen the movies where a person halts a wedding and progress in order to get the one they truly love in reality
Stopping a wedding is a much more serious undertaking. It involves
It involves a lot of thought and planning and taking an honest look at your motives and intentions if you truly believe the couple
Shouldn't be together and if you believe you're justified in doing so
We have some suggestions for going about stopping a wedding with logic and legal action
Now just real quick check in between me and my brothers here
when you got how old were you guys before you had the realization that the
If anybody doesn't want them to get married speak now wasn't actually like a normal part of a wedding
Like I that's it doesn't pop up as much when I was a kid
I thought that there was a tense moment and every wedding was just like a quick audience poll anybody and if you like well
Only two people raised their hands. So we're gonna keep going with it. I think everybody cool
I mean I get though if I ever heard anybody do it. It's been in like everybody's
There's there's a human in there
Let's be honest. It's usually like a friend of the groom who set has a big problem like with silences
You know what? I mean? Just like it starts to like get too real and he's like, yeah, Rick sucks
Okay
I know Rick's my best friend, but I just really shit
We didn't do this at mine and Rachel's wedding
But I kind of wish we did because there's something about like
Putting your love through that crucible like making it vulnerable for a second because you do you expose you lift up the armor
To show your soft underbelly because you're like if you really do
Want to step to this and tear apart this infinite love this here's your chance. Oh, see I I wish I'd done it
Just for entrapment just like somebody's like, yeah, you know what and I'm like hot trick question
We're not gonna not get married. But now you get the fuck out of here
You don't get any cake later or they speak their mind and then the efficient is like, okay noted
No one gives a shit
That was rude sit down
I don't make this about you Derek. Let's get into it man. Part one approaching the couple consider your motivations
Why do you want to stop the wedding?
It doesn't say because you're in love with the other person, but maybe we'll get to that point
Don't bait don't base halting a wedding purely on emotions like jealousy or hatred those can be worked through with communication and therapy
Okay, but it's not a bad place to start. Yeah
Talk to the family members or other people involved in the wedding to find out if someone else feels similarly
Psst, hey grandma. Hey butch's grandma. Hey
This feels off, right?
Where you at? Just hot or cold? Yeah
Hey, hey Stacy's dad
Sucks, right my writer. All right. Also, uh, when are you gonna divorce your wife so I can date her? Yeah
Cuz it's Stacy's mom
Let's meet with the bride and groom privately to talk
It's a fun conversation. That's gonna go great. Hey guys, what's up?
We got beer in the fridge and I don't think you should be in I don't think you should be in love forever
And then here's a PowerPoint presentation. I and I really want you to pay attention
I worked really hard on this PowerPoint of why can you not actually embrace right now?
I need you guys to sit sort of farther apart from one another
In fact, I have two separate presentations. Yours is going to be over there in
My kid's room. I've set it up and yours is gonna be in here
So if you guys could take breaks about 45 minutes, so like go to the bathroom first, right?
Cuz I don't want to I don't want to pause them. They're kind of synchronized. And so I don't want it to get off
This is a long article address your concerns one-on-one
This may be a good time to ask questions about how they're feeling about the wedding and what their future looks like in their eyes
Why they believe their significant other is the one for them, etc
That kind of discussion could bring up on certainly uncertainty that they may have about getting married and you can use it to enable
Them to think a little more and possibly call off the wedding
wowsers Bowser's that is
That's pretty I would say toxic behavior from you the friend who was concerned about both of them
Oh, what's that they snore, huh?
Something to think about
You know, they're gonna store all the all the time forever
Mmm, have you smelled this guy's football farts?
I thought it was like after they played football or anything play football
They come back to the locker room and really stink up the joint
Convinced the couple to wait a year. Come on guys
Come on guys. Listen to my points. It just take a year like it's irresponsible to rush into this that you've been dating for 12 years
Oh
You've waited this long to have sex just one more year a little bit more
Another she used to hold off until another year would be family events coming up such as grandpa's 80th or the birth of a new baby
You could see if you could maybe double up grandpa's 80th with the wedding. So that way people don't have to travel as much
Yeah, let's gather everyone around grandpa
Right now presently everyone surround and press your bodies against let's lay hands on grandpa. Let's lay breath on grandpa
Everybody just give the breath of life to grandpa
Touch this man's touch this old man's face
We're gonna hold his eye open so you can just touch his eyeball
How could you even think about getting married in the same year as grandpa's final birthday?
Hold on why are we calling it that?
This let me just say that the wikiHow art it's always good so far
it's just been a couple listening to their friend who looks more and more frantic and
The couple's faces look more and more like what the fuck are you talking about?
and this in this one the the woman in this couple is just piercing daggers right at the man as he
Step five suggest a fake wedding
Discuss holding a wedding celebration, but without the minister and paperwork
No one else has to know it's not legally binding and everyone can still enjoy themselves
What would be the context for that? How is how would that sales pitch?
Hey guys guys guys guys have I got an idea for you?
Yes, imagine if you will the cost and inconvenience of a wedding, but without any of the permanent effects
And that way you guys can just bail whenever you want
Right, isn't that no that's the opposite wait. Oh, you're telling me. Okay. That's the opposite
Okay, it gets wilder part two taking other action one call out the lies if you know the way if you know
The wedding is a fraud
What if you succeeded in the in the prior step and convincing them to have a proof that this is a
Phony baloney tech rehearsal wedding or if there are legal reasons the wedding should not go through as planned
You have at least 28 days to take legal action
Hey, what's up? I'm here to legally stop a wedding. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that sir. Well, what when was it scheduled for?
Oh, I don't know. Let me call an S
I was actually uninvited. Let me call and double-check. I love hey wiki how just throwing out that there's a
Legal reason that the wedding should not happen and throwing that in there with I don't know if you two are gonna get along forever
That feels like that should be a separate article, right? Like it's all right. I have
I'm thinking about something as we talk about this, you know a wedding
Obviously weddings are kind of out of vogue with a lot of people in which I completely get everybody should do their own thing
But we did the wedding thing all three of us here not together. No, no, no, that would have been that would have been weird
We did the wedding separately thing and um, the you know
The stress of a wedding is like it feels like, you know, this is your you know, this is your shot to get it
right, you're just gonna get married one time and
It's a lot of expense and like you have to come up with opinions about stuff
Yeah, you may not necessarily care about and if it doesn't go well, then it's like
Devastating right, but what if
Every wedding had like a villain, right?
I feel like maybe if you have the Phantom of the Wedding. Yeah, where it's like
your choices then don't just become a reflection of
your
Personalities and your love. Yeah, but more like a defensive sort of like
Preparing for in defiance. Yeah, the different ways that the Phantom of the Wedding will like try to thwart you
That's good and your actions
So like it gives it a slightly more competitive element where it's like if it goes 80% good
Yeah, that's awesome, right?
Because you've like thwarted
The Phantom at a lot of different turns with a lot of their different machinations
Yeah, you try to keep your your marriage from culminating
Well, cuz that's the thing to keep in mind is you and your your partner, right?
You've got a lot on your mind that has to go, right all the Phantom has to do is make things go wrong
And that's a lot easier. So if you get 80% it's a huge victory now
I will also add to this plane just and another reason I like the introduction of the Phantom
Is you can then also create whatever the opposite of a safe word is with the Phantom
Well, if too much is going badly you say that word and the Phantom ends the wedding. Yeah, you're fault
It's a fantasy. He won the Phantom one and you get a redo you get to do the wedding again
You should be able to pick your villain too. Like oh
Yeah, like I'm dead by dawn or dead by daylight. Here comes. Dr. Bones the skeleton that always comes to try and stop our wedding
Here's the problem. Yes. Yes. Is that you there's no problem. Dr. Bones. Oh, no
It's the praying mantis that's been hunting me ever since I was a child
Dr. Bones is a
Contractor who you are going to have to seek out and hire so it's like I in in hiring. Dr. Bones. You are
Participating in the process that dr. Bones is sworn to disrupt. This is the best
Man thing you the best man hires. Yes, you actually don't know who it is. Can you imagine how much we're thrilling?
It would be to plan a wedding if when you're talking to DJ you're like and you promise you're not gonna play our Kelly songs
Like oh, yeah. Yeah, and you're not
Really really really you understand. It's like oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I'm a friendly skeleton. My name is dr. Toons
I play the tunes you see I'm dr. Craigslist. Mm-hmm. No, I'm Frankenstein sponsor, but I'm not here for that
I'm in my off time. I'm a DJ. I promise you I know why you would assume that I'm working for the phantoms
And that's like completely fair. No, no, I'm the DJing mantis. I promise you I'm going to bite the head off of boredom
That's drama. I mean that's drama. That's what you want from from the show. That's what you want from the show
That's drama. I mean that's drama. That's what you want from from any event
I mean, I'm maybe this is good for birthday parties do yeah, it's like you have someone working against you. Yeah when you're planning a party
How was the bridal shower? Oh, I was great. It was a really good crudite and we defeated that evil Sasquatch
Not the stinky Sasquatch, yeah, he showed up
He tried to take the cake literally would be so fucking rad
If you're like trying to do a wedding and you think that you've gotten away with it, and you've defeated the phantom and then a werewolf
Like oh fuck now we got to deal with this
What's that all the phantom arrived? He's gonna help you fight the werewolf. Oh
Enemies to friends everybody loves that. Let's keep rockin step to involve others. That's great
Like get their best friends all in a big group
to really really
Forever scar these people sort of emotionally
It does say use this as a last resort because it could be pretty traumatic
So at least they are sort of looking out and then step three is totally normal. Follow the money
Whoa, if the couple are relying on one or both of their parents to support the wedding
You may want to try and stop the money source. So the wedding will be called off to kill their parents
I don't think that's what it's such. Oh, yeah, you're right Griffin because then they would still inherit it
They would inherit. Yeah, so seduce the parents and yeah, you're going to marry them and then kill them
All right, you inherit the money. You didn't have dr. Bones identity steal
There's the same time
I feel like getting to jump back a second group of friends to convince them out of it bad
Group of enemies to just go on and on about what a good idea they think it is
That's the way to go right now
We're cooking with gas because a group of friends could go badly right because then it's like well
We're still getting married and now we also hate all of you, right?
But if they're like, oh, I hate Debbie from work and Debbie's like, I love that you guys are getting married
That's so great. Like now it's like well fuck if Debbie thinks is a good idea
The last section real quick waiting it out step one void the marriage after the wedding
You can use an annulment to legally cancel out the marriages if it never happened
Not second hand though as a third party
Hey Pope, it's me Bob and now it they didn't fuck
Let me see your rings
You're not married no more
You just got annulled if you press the annulment button and eat the rings
It's done
Step to wait for the marriage to fail down the road
If the couple are fairly young and it's their first marriage, there's a 40% chance the marriage will end up for in divorce
I'll those like wait for what to what end to wait for them to split up naturally
Yeah, but then so but the reason to stop the marriage would be to stop something bad from happening and then you're like hey
Well, that's right. Just wait for something wait for something bad to happen. There's no step here
That's like rob it in their fucking faces do it
But as they walk out of the the town hall where they and not sign the annulment papers
You be there outside doing a quarterback dance just sort of yelling about how how you called it
Step three and now you're mad cuz you ain't a couple but we're just here to do the Super Bowl shovel
Perfect last step is move on but if you can't you won't
That should honestly be number one in every wiki house should be just don't
I said I think in the light during the live show
Yes
Keep your grades up and move on should be that should be step one move on step to keep your grades up step three
All right, fine. Here you go more more. I tell you I've read like a lot of
You know different how to's in my life for different hobbies or whatever
So few of them in with like no window packing. Yeah, like, you know when you're like, maybe it's not for you
I don't know. Hey look over look over his job. How's he doing on his? Oh, it's way better than yours
Oh, you guys been doing it for the same amount of time, huh? Maybe you just don't have for you
There's no one to quit on org. Uh, is it anything else Griffin? I mean, there's some questions from some people
And a lot of people asking very inappropriate questions
I would say someone asked is there a good way to stop my own wedding without making this things awkward and I would say
It would be it would be a lot easier. Yeah, I think hiring a doctor bones or just asking one of your friends to start this
This mission this quest to tear the two of you apart can't be one of your friends just side note
You're going to have to plan ahead six months before the wedding hire like find
Somebody right is a plant friend and you're going to do a lot to talk about how close you've grown together and how important they
Are and then they're going to ruin it and then if that doesn't work you have to be ready to jettison that person
Right. So I think you can't just pick your best friend to do it
Especially if your parents are they're gonna be like hey your best friend kind of fucked this all up for you
You got to be like, yeah, I don't talk to him anymore. Yeah, and it's because you like paid him
That's full proof on him out
Plus they are jobs creator
Absolutely, that's the best part in this economy in this economy to keep this going
No labor shortage. So when I don't need more jobs, we need better jobs better pay better fans. I'm great
What's up guys I know we fucked up but
Check our jobs out. What's that? They're pretty bad
fuck
$14 is a lot of money. What the fuck's wrong with you $14 is good
We need to figure out a way to pronounce Papa John's with an audibly remove the apostrophe by the way
How do you pronounce it different out loud? So if you're only hearing it audibly, you know, which one we're talking about
Well, I mean you turn to John John's the Martian Manhunter right Papa John's there you go
One option or maybe just Papa Shax I Papa Shax is much better Shack is much closer to the brand now I think it should
Actually, just mean pizza shack, by the way
Pizza shack is really good. I know. Thank you very much
Well, it'll be pizza shacks
Where do you want to order from pizza shacks? Well, which one you gonna then it maybe it could be pizzas shacks
No, it wouldn't be pizza shacks. That's it. That is a wild Yoda esque way. Oh
The pizza of shack
Like Shaq is Shaq is like huh? Yeah, you understand
Griffin do you not get it? Like Shaq's like huh? Just call it the pizza of Shaq. I don't understand
I'm saying pizzas a possessive Shaq. This is the Shaq that pizza owns right at this point
It is not Shaq's pizza, right?
That means that he has control of this at this point. The pizza has such control over Shaq that this is pizza Shaq
How about we do you get a questions work
Pizza
So I thought it was asking Shaq if he wanted pizza pizza
And then it was Shaq's catchphrase runs back. Yeah, sure
Sounds great
Sure, I'll have some peace. I'd love to I'm
We're gonna take a quick break from some corporate sponsors and then we're gonna go with you to the rest of the show
So come on come with us to the money's up
Justin yeah, how have stamps changed your life?
I love
All the different small pictures on them. Yeah, I don't know how they get the picture so small
Yep, and I love that they can help me send packages all over the world. I don't love having to go
To the post office to get the stamps and to send the things, you know, my god, this is what a coincidence Justin
Because now I get to tell you about stamps calm where you still get the little pictures and you can still send them
But you don't have to go to the post office and you can avoid all the hectic holiday shopping traffic
You can save time and money
stamps calm
Stamps calm lets you compare rates print labels and access exclusive discounts on UPS and USPS services all year long
And with stamps calm you can get discounts. You can't find anywhere else like got to get this number
It's very big 40% off of USPS rates, but this number is even bigger Justin
76% off UPS. That's a lot of her sense
I know a lot of percent so much percent and you know, it's wild they could have just made it 75
But no, they had to push far
They had to take it 1% more if you spend more than a few minutes a week dealing with mail and shipping stamps calm
It's a lifesaver. So check it out
save time and money this holiday season with stamps calm sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a
Four-week trial free postage and a digital scale no long-term commitments or contracts just go to stamps calm
Click the microphone at the top of the page and enter code my brother all one word. Oh
Oh my style it came out of oh my style
Were you at you? I was gone there for a bit. I assumed you guys were talking about my new style and
How awesome it makes me look and young
Yeah, in a way
You could phrase it that way well, it's because the shirt I asked for it to like
Like I'll come up just above my belly button
a
Giant shorts. Yeah, and I what I asked for the most diaper like
Shorts and then on my and then on the shorts, it says Biscetti on it. Yeah, I didn't notice that
Yeah, it's fucking cool. And it came from stitch tiny shoes
Listen style isn't one-size-fits-all
Sometimes the shirts too small and the diapers too big and the shoes are too small
But it's about what suits your body and right now this is what I need and I want you guys to fucking respect it
Okay, I do griff. I do. I'm really sorry. It's okay. I'm with I'm I'm a widdle, baby
And why not shop at a store that's personalized your size and style?
Why how much they try to talk you out of it?
I'm talking about stitch fix freestyle. It's just shop built just for you from the ground up
It's a trusted style destination where you can discover and instantly buy curated items based on your style likes and lifestyle
Whether you're looking for a brand you love or you want to try a new one at stitch fix freestyle
You can shop a range of over
1,000 brands. I don't even know there are that many brands. It's a lot of brands, you know, I buy
big tucking shirts and
I love big tucking stuff by the way. I buy stinco jeans
That's about is those and I and I get Puma socks from Costco
Um, anyway, yeah, one of those things is true. Listen, you can chop the range of over a thousand brands
And those brands are gonna be personalized to your style and fit. There's no subscription
They offer free shipping returns and exchanges just do it get started today by filling out your style quiz at stitch fix comm slash
My brother at stitch fix comm slash my brother to try stitch fix freestyle stitch fix comm slash my brother
This week on tights and fights Austin Creed better known as WWE Superstar
Xavier Woods on balancing his many passions. This dude actually wants these ridiculous things
He wants to wear a crown. He wants to be at g4
He wants to have a yacht rock band like he wants to DJ at a festival one day
WWE and g4's Austin Creed and tights and fights find it on maximum fun
I'm tights and fights find it on maximum fun or wherever you get your podcasts
I feel like we did a really good job with that guys. Yeah, no
No
We're definitely not gonna hear anything about how we made it sound like stitch fix dressed our little brother in a big diaper and tiny
Shirt and tiny. That was a joke
fix golly
Oh, we need a way. We should just say up front. This is what my daughter does
BB will say like I'm gonna tell you something funny and then she'll tell a joke
As a way to like prep me to make sure I know that I'm supposed to laugh when she's done talking
We should do that more on the show be like, hey this thing I'm about to say it's not real
This is a joke and then tell it because it can get confusing to me or set up
I don't even know
This is not a joke. Okay. Thank you. Dun, da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
I want a much
I want to munch on it feels like you don't need us for this. If you know, yeah
I kind of replace you guys with bells and I'm really sorry. That's okay. I get it
Yes, let's talk about Mariah Carey. Yeah
Uh, well good news guys
is because Mariah is taking the holidays up an octave
with the 12 days of McDonald's deals.
Huh, cool.
Each day from December 13th to December 24th.
So we got, you know, got a little bit left.
All this McDonald's wants this holiday season is for you
to join Mariah Carey for 12 days of deals.
Wow, that's a sweaty one, isn't it?
Because when, yeah, it's super sweaty.
All I want for Christmas is you.
Oh yeah, I get it.
We'll change half those words.
And then insert a preposition
because we don't have the guts to just abandon it.
Because when an iconic holiday superstar
is a fan of the golden arches,
it's only right to begin the season by gifting customers
an entire menu full of free, asterisk, goodies
from Mariah's own favorite.
Anyone?
Like her favorite thing.
I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say a McFlurry.
Okay, Griffin?
Just the hash browns.
Classic cheeseburger.
Oh no, there's no fucking way.
I'm sorry Travis, that's what she told McDonald's
to soft bake chocolate.
Don't call Mariah a liar.
I'm actually, you know what?
She's not Malia Carey.
She's Mariah Carey.
I'm calling McDonald's a liar.
I don't think they spoke to Mariah Carey
before they started this whole thing.
The Mariah menu will make its debut in the U.S.
on December 13th, featuring a different free item,
double asterisk.
With a $1 minimum purchase on the McDonald's app.
Some of my favorite memories with my kids
are our family trips to McDonald's.
Sure.
So I'm Mariah Carey and I take my kids
to McDonald's all the time and bada bada bada.
Just me and my kids to McDonald's.
We go to McDonald's and I always get a classic cheeseburger.
This is definitely me, Mariah Carey.
This is Marie Mariah Carey.
Carey, I can only use the bathroom at McDonald's.
The only face I've ever felt truly like a success,
slash alive is McDonald's
when I'm eating a classic cheeseburger.
Each of us has our go-to order.
Mine is the cheeseburger.
And I get it with extra pickles.
I'm Mariah Carey, I love extra pickles
because damn it, I'm worth it.
I know it costs a little bit extra,
but fuck it, I'm Mariah Carey and I love pickles.
Imagine a fucking reality in which
someone's in the register at McDonald's
and the person in front of me is like,
hello, I'm Mariah Carey.
I would like one cheeseburger.
No drink for me today, thanks.
I'd like a single cheeseburger with extra pickles.
I'll wait, just put it in my hands.
I don't need a wrapper.
Would you like a combo meal with fries in it?
No, what a fucking idiot question.
No.
Mariah goes with the holidays like ketchup and fries.
So we couldn't think of a better partner
to help us celebrate the upcoming season,
said someone at McDonald's.
Just like McDonald's brings people around the table
with their favorite orders,
Mariah's music connects us all during this time of year.
So we're excited to team up
to bring even more holiday cheer to our fans.
And hey, I'm gonna float something to you guys
because this just occurred to me.
Listen, we have lots of wonderful fans and they're great,
but I don't think we're big enough.
I think that we could say we've partnered with Mariah Carey
and like in each episode,
she's gonna bring you one segment
that Mariah Carey picked.
And I don't think we're big enough
that it would ever actually get back to Mariah Carey.
I think we could totally do it and just get away with it.
Can I make this sort of like vision board announcement?
If you are a restaurant, a real restaurant, right?
And you wanna get at us with multiple locations.
It has to be more than one location.
It can be a two restaurant chain
and you wanna do a McElroy family meal, please get at us.
It's gonna be buck wild.
It'll be weird.
Because I tell you this, if I get my chance,
it ain't gonna be a classic cheeseburger.
It's gonna be like a McFlurry dumped over fries
with chopped up pickles on it.
It's gonna be like you really eat it
and I'm gonna be like, yeah, dance, eat it, eat it now.
High school lunchroom dare bullshit.
It's gonna get weird.
It's gonna be all school pizza.
The Mariah menu items
will be served in fun festive packaging.
If McDonald's wants to reach out,
we're bringing back the McPizza and you can't stop us.
Yeah, we worked with Mariah to create a design.
We know the Lamborghini and McDonald's fans will love.
You'll know the bags when you see them.
Just like, you know, her famed holiday jingle
from the song's first notes.
Hey, I want you guys to just picture it for a second.
Mariah Carey, like sitting over like an artist easel
and like just trying to design this bag
and she just can't get it right.
Cause that's definitely what it might've also been
like a big fancy iPad with like a thing,
but definitely this is something Mariah Carey
definitely directly worked on.
But using the wifi at McDonald's.
Using the wifi at McDonald's.
Hey, good news guys.
I wanna talk about Mariah Carey.
Mariah Carey has released the holiday hits cookie trio.
Wait.
Just in time for the holidays, Mariah's cookies,
a virtual bakery by iconic superstar, Mariah Carey.
They're virtual cookies?
No, they're real.
Yes, they're virtual cookies.
You get them from any website installed on your computer.
Mariah's got these cookies?
That sounds delicious.
Holiday hits cookies?
Holiday hits cookie trio available
for the most wonderful time of the year.
Because she wrote holiday hits?
Yeah, so she's got a,
from her virtual bakery at Mariah's Cookies,
you could get this virtual.
Now they say that this deal is for the holidays.
I have to imagine Mariah's Cookies is for the holidays,
right?
You're not in July like,
God damn, I should go for some of Mariah's Cookies right now.
If they're that good, this is what's called a soft roll.
I can't get over that they're just called holiday hits.
It would be like-
They're the holiday hits cookie trio.
It would be like if,
these are Pete Townshend's sick riffs, McFlurries.
This is-
I don't think this is still a McDonald's, right?
This is not a McDonald's anymore.
No, this is a different, no, this is at Mariah's Cookies,
a real restaurant that is not real.
Okay.
We-
Something that exists only in Tron.
Yeah, this year's release of holiday flavors
are the ideal treat to share and enjoy
while snuggled up with your loved ones.
Watch your favorite holiday specials and movies.
Enjoy this classic cheeseburger flavored cookie.
We forgot to leave, this is a quote,
we forgot to leave cookies out for Santa last year.
Fuck!
And we're terrified we'd wind up on the naughty list,
says Mariah Carey.
Wow.
To no one in particular.
Mariah, you just lived with this shame and guilt for a year?
So, this is where it really goes.
So we FaceTimed him over the summer
to ensure we got his top three flavors.
Santa, please, please, you gotta forgive us.
In case you were wondering, here they are.
The Holiday Hits Cookie Trio, 2021,
available for a limited time only.
No shit.
Cause it is called the Holiday Hits Trio.
Well, that could be anything, Justin.
It includes three special edition flavors,
gingerbread, cinnamon sugar,
and chocolate raspberry-
Special edition.
You'll never find gingerbread anywhere else.
It's got a festive box, too.
So, I'm sorry.
It was gingerbread, cinnamon sugar,
and what was the third one?
Yeah, chocolate raspberry truffle.
That's actually pretty wild.
I like that one.
Hey, it's just Santa's favorite.
There's no way that you asked Santa his favorite cookie
and he's like, fucking gingerbread, my dude.
I love it.
I can't get enough of that wonderful stuff.
So yeah, these are Mariah's cookies and-
Do you think she makes each one?
I don't know if you can get Mariah's cookies.
Okay, I can't get them.
Can I?
Yeah, looks like you could.
If you got on a delivery app,
you could probably get some of Mariah's cookies.
I live in the big city.
Yeah, if you wouldn't mind ordering those, Trav,
and just let me know how it goes.
They taste exactly like gingerbread cookies, Justin.
And I want you to really order them, Trav,
for me for the holidays.
Thank you.
Through any delivery service, you say?
Grubhub, DoorDash, Postmates, Ubreats, and Seamless.
Okay, I'll order one from each of those.
So I don't shut down-
Okay.
Do you guys mind, real quick,
if I mention a quick Mariah Carey story?
Yeah.
She just launched her first holiday collection today,
announcing the news with a commercial share
across all Carey's social accounts.
It's available at Target and Walmart,
and it's inspired by, you'll never guess this,
her record-breaking classic, All I Want for Christmas Is You.
It's got animated versions of Mariah
and her beloved dog, Cha Cha, incorporated throughout.
The collection is personal to Carey, you see.
She has designed products that she and her family
love to use and enjoy during the holidays.
This is a special jewel-encrusted purse
I use to carry my cheeseburger with me.
I love it.
It's my favorite.
This is a cheeseburger sleeve,
so I don't have to touch it with my hands.
I'm not sure if you're aware, but this is a quote.
I'm not sure if you're aware,
but Christmas is kind of my thing.
What?
Ha ha!
Putting together this line was so much fun,
because I added my own festive spin
to traditional holiday merchandise.
I worked on it all year long.
Now it's finally time to share my holiday collection
with you, all Merry Christmas.
Now, hey, listen, Mariah,
I know you didn't work on it all year long,
or else you didn't work very hard
on your cookies and hamburgers.
Well, she don't have to work on the hamburger, Justin.
That's her reward.
That's her treat herself for a great day
of making goods at Walmart.
That's her thing just for her.
She needs that cheeseburger energy to make cool bags.
The holiday collection of Christmas collectibles ranges,
that's the sentence they went with.
The holiday collection of Christmas collectibles
ranges from cozy, including blankets, throw pillows,
socks, and slippers, to festive,
with adorable pet outfits, stockings.
Oh, this?
It's by Mariah.
This Chihuahua outfit?
Oh, this Chihuahua outfit?
They got a plush Mariah and Cha-Cha.
Sure to delight any child on your Christmas list.
It's all available for you at Target or Walmart.
You can pre-order now.
Justin, I ordered the cookies.
And I look forward to having them
as a special treat just for me.
And I bought the dog shirt.
I bought her dog.
Real quick, okay, before we wrap up,
can I do one more quick story?
Is it about Mariah Carey?
It is.
Mariah Carey has launched her own Irish cream brand,
Black Iris.
What, yes?
And just so you know I'm not cherry picking, guys,
this is all, I mean, these are this year.
This all happened this year.
Yeah, she's hustling.
She is not fucking around.
She has to earn money to buy more classic cheeseburgers.
She can't sit back and let those cheeseburgers
just sit there lonely at the McDonald's.
She has to eat them.
Celebrity owned, this is not a press release.
This is a story from Food and Wine,
but celebrity owned spirit brands.
This is not a press release.
This was a direct email Justin received from Mariah Carey.
In 2018, George Clooney was named
Forbes highest paid actor, not due to any onscreen roles,
but instead, thanks to the near billion dollar sale
of his tequila brand, Casamigos.
That shouldn't count.
Just in case anyone's wondering,
that shouldn't count towards that total.
That doesn't seem fair.
Ryan Reynolds Aviation, it sold for about 610 million.
And now Mariah Carey is there.
Yesterday, she turned to Twitter to make a big announcement
with limited details, introducing Black Irish.
She tweeted, two years in the making
truly calls for celebration.
The picture is just Mariah on a beach
with a bottle of her Black Irish.
Because where else, where do you want
a cream liqueur more than the beach beach liqueur?
A nice cool glass of Irish cream liqueur.
It comes in original white chocolate and salted caramel,
all of which are 17% ABV.
The brand states that these Irish creams
are crafted and produced in Ireland
in a certified sustainable facility
with 50% renewable energy.
Now y'all, the other 50% though,
is the dirtiest energy.
They are rolling coal with this Irish cream.
It's still whole dinosaur bones
just going right in and burning.
It celebrates exceptional quality
with a blend of aged Irish whiskey
and superior deli, dairy, deli.
Why does deli need some fucking corned beef in there?
No, the superior dairy sourced from Irish farms.
Black Irish white chocolate
uses the finest Belgian chocolate
for a rich and smooth taste.
The name Carrie chose Black Irish
as a playful nod to her Black and Irish heritage.
Her father was of Black and Venezuelan descent
and her mother has an Irish background.
The fact that the liqueur itself, an Irish cream,
feels a bit like a chicken or the egg situation
as far as which came first, the name or the product.
But the brand states that Carrie is quote,
is quote, a fan of Irish creams.
Love that stuff.
And points to how well Irish cream
pairs with her huge holiday hit,
All I Want For Christmas Is You.
Yes, yes, yes.
I just wanna say, by the way,
a story that the phrase has an Irish background
sounds like something you would put on a resume
about like, oh, actually,
I know you're looking for someone Irish.
I have an Irish background.
I've worked in Irish before.
Thank you for asking.
I have quote, here's a quote,
because you knew it was coming.
I have been putting my heart into this project
for almost two years.
Hey, can I just say,
that's the first one of those of these four that I believe.
Now, but yeah, but we also,
I mean, Mariah, which is it, bud?
Because either you've been really focused on your creams
or really focused on your dog shirts, ladies.
It can't be both.
Anyway, I've been putting my heart into this project
for almost two years.
And I am so excited to finally share this news with you all.
I wanted to create something that embodies the holidays
and gives everyone a reason to celebrate year round.
And I really think that we have done that with Black Irish.
Why are you celebrating today, Justin?
Well, I'm celebrating because Mariah Carey
has her own Irish cream bread.
And she deserves it.
That's my reason to celebrate.
Hey, Mariah, do these pair well with your cookies?
With my what?
Wait, what's that?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, cookies.
The cookies that they pay me in cheeseburgers for.
Yes.
My favorite meal to sit down to
is a big glass of Irish cream.
Served out of a purse.
With a cheeseburger with extra pickles
and a big stack of cookies.
And I, in all Santa's favorite flavors.
I slosh it around in my big purse.
I bet it's good.
And then I eat it all.
I bet all of this is very good.
Mariah Carey is like, you gotta respect her so much.
I do.
If we had one song that was one 10th,
you would never hear the end.
No.
We would do this with everybody.
If we had a novelty hit, like the fucking Chipmunks,
you wouldn't be able to talk to me in public.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
What do we have time for?
We gonna time to have another question?
I think we have time to read a hit holiday song, Justin.
Okay.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
All I want.
Nope.
Wait.
They already did that one.
Is.
Cheese.
Cheese.
Cheese.
Take me up to Santa's house.
Here we go.
I think it should be like an old-timey.
Let's do it.
We gonna bring out a quick.
Let's go back to like old-timey ones
where it's like, hey, it's snowing outside.
Here's a whole fucking song about it.
We'll start.
Just start that.
I won't interrupt, but like start it there.
We'll just get a little riff.
Yeah.
I'm putting on my Christmas boots to step.
No, that's not how you started just now.
It's like.
Let's go on up to Santa's house.
It's snowing in the neighborhood.
You've jumped to the chorus.
Yeah, you gotta start with it.
I like the spoken part.
You gotta start with.
Let me start.
God damn it.
A little boozy.
A little boozy.
The kids are asleep.
You know what I mean?
Oh, it's snowing outside and.
No, it's talking.
It's spoken word.
Just say, well, it's snowing outside.
Well, it looks like.
Yeah, just like you did it the first time.
Well, it looks like a snowy day outside.
Sloshy, sloppy, and wet.
And today, it's Christmas Eve.
And it's special.
Isn't that right, Jacob?
Yeah.
That's my friend, Jacob.
Going up to Santa's house.
Santa's house.
Driving up in my Chevrolet.
I got snow chains on my tires.
And I think that that's okay.
I found the perfect gift for Saint Nick.
It's a real nice fitting pair of slacks
and a briefcase so he can go to a job
that's a different job from the one he has.
And I'm Jacob.
And now the wrap.
I love Christmas and I'm here to say
I love giving presents in a major way.
I unwrap them, I open them, and I eat some food.
And everything here is really good.
Fresh stuff, Jacob.
Thanks, I've been trading for months.
Oh no, here come the turbo bots.
They hate Santa Claus and hate us too.
They hate our freedom.
Jacob, take this gun.
There's bullets in the red, in the box.
And I think Jacob knows what to do.
Hey everybody, it's me, Mariah Carey.
These are the bots that I created.
I'm so proud of my killer robots.
They're gonna destroy every living thing.
So if I go down, I want you to find my wife
and tell her where the money's buried.
You promise me, Jacob, you promise me.
Okay, let's get out there.
Damn, this snow is really fucking slushy.
Driving all around and whipping all around.
We are the turbo bots.
We hate Santa Claus.
That's all I got.
The turbo bots have got some slushy snow
trapped inside their gears.
Looks like we are safe at home.
Cozy for another year.
But stay wary, cause the bots will return, everybody.
They will come back.
They'll come back worse than ever.
And that's good.
It's good.
Hey, thanks for listening to our podcast,
my brother, my brother, and me.
And happy holidays, candle lights, to you and yours.
We hope you're having a pleasant holiday season.
Hey, speaking of which,
the video on demand is still up of our candle lights.
Show.
Yes, please.
If you didn't get it, it's so fun.
It's over two hours of great festive holiday entertainment.
It will be live for another,
it's hard for me to do the math.
It's like a week and a half or so
as you're listening to this, I think.
So please just go pony up some money for it and help.
It's a great cause, Harmony House.
They do so much for people
who are currently unsheltered in our community
and it's a wonderful cause.
And if you would just go to bit.ly forward slash
candle lights 2021, everybody who watched it,
I can say to a person had a wonderful time
and now you could count yourself amongst their number
if you will go and get that and watch it.
We really appreciate you.
Speaking of shows,
we're doing a virtual live stream for Wonderful,
the show me and Rachel do on January 7th
at 9.30 PM Eastern time.
Same thing as candle lights,
tickets are five bucks with an option to give more.
It's bit.ly slash wonderful ABC 2021.
And ticket sales for that go to benefit Austin Batcave,
which is a nonprofit here in town
that offers writing programs for young authors,
aged six to 18.
It's a really, really cool program
and we're happy to be supporting them with a show.
So buy tickets so the money can go to them.
Thanks.
Also just a heads up to let everybody know,
we will be taking next week off for the holidays.
So we will be back in the new year with new episodes.
So we got a name 2022, don't we?
Yeah, we'll figure that out,
but there will be no new episodes next week.
But before the month runs out,
make sure you go over to mackerelmunch.com,
get that pin of the month,
which is Steely Van from the Adventure Zone,
benefits the Asian Pacific Environmental Network.
We have the my brother, my brother
and the man who ruined my for you page sticker.
And we've got the Zona Adventure enamel pin.
So go check those out.
We got a bunch of other stuff over there too.
Mackerelmunch.com.
Oh, and thank you.
And just an enormous thank you to Montaigne.
I don't know what just happened to me just there.
That was kind of strange.
You were awash with emotion.
I guess so.
It's an amazing song.
We appreciate it so much.
And this final Yahoo was sent in by Terrence Howard.
Whoa.
Wow.
Huge gift.
Yeah, we're getting the same, the one from movies.
Like the original War Machine.
Yeah, Terrence Howard sent this one.
And thank you, Terrence.
It's asked by Yahoo Answers user, Frederick Circus.
Frederick Circus asks, will you marry me, Sheila?
That's it?
That's all it says, yeah.
No details given?
It's a Yahoo Answers proposal.
I guess it's not that funny.
Are there any answers?
Sheila did respond.
She said, not yet.
Oh.
Oh, it's spicy.
I can't wait to see it.
Oh, I like that.
We'll circle back next week to figure out
how this all plays out.
Yeah.
I can't believe, can I just say real quick
before we say our names,
I can't believe there's a Matrix movie coming out.
I'm so fucking stoked.
Get out of here.
Are we gonna, we're not doing an episode that week.
I'm so mad.
Anyway.
I mean, we could still talk about it,
just the three of us.
Yeah, gross.
My name's Justin McElroy.
I'm your realest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me, Kiss Your Dad,
Square on the Lips.
It's better with you.
It's better with you.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
Hey there, I'm Ellen Weatherford.
And I'm Christian Weatherford.
And we've got big feelings about animals
that we just gotta share.
On Just the Zoo of Us,
your new favorite animal review podcast.
We're here to critically evaluate
how each animal excels and how it doesn't.
Rating them out of 10 on their effectiveness,
ingenuity, and aesthetics.
Guest experts give you their takes
informed by actual real life experiences
studying and working with very cool animals
like sharks, cheetahs, and sea turtles.
It's a field trip to the zoo for your ears.
So if you or your kids have ever wondered
if a pigeon can count,
why sloths move so slow,
or how a spider sees the world,
find out with us every Wednesday on Just the Zoo of Us,
which can now be found in its natural habitat
on Maximumfun.org.
Listen and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts.
