The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother made advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Layla
No, it's me Justin. It's Justin. Okay. I'm your middle his brother Travis big dog woof woof Layla. Oh my god
This is Griffin to go behind the bit somebody was like
Hey, let's do an intro about Eric Clapton and I without knowing like like, okay
I guess the man's written quite a few songs
I was like, yeah, sure. Let's Clapton it up, baby
And then I it while my brothers were introducing themselves. I did Google the gentleman's name
I did find out that he has released I would say
Uh, let's see the independent calls it a controversial new anti-lockdown anthem. This has got to stop. That sounds fucking good
Huh?
Enough is enough. I can't take this be yes any longer. It's gone
Don't wanna claim my soul you'll have to come and break down this door. I
Knew that something was going on wrong
when you started
I can't move my hands. I break out in sweat. I'm gonna cry
Okay, it's the most sort of like listen here's the thing we don't know exactly what we're upset about but we know we're upset about
Yeah, I'm gonna break down in tears cuz I can't take off my mask
Well the whole time I'm at the California pizza kitchen. This song sucks shit
You're protesting that someone asked you to just like chill at home
Like I'm mad that cuz they won't come to all my great Eric
This is like if during like the blitzkrieg
Someone in in London have been like it's bullshit that they're making a stay inside and like hey, that's not the problem
You know that that that is a solution to a bigger problem, right? You know that right? Oh
My god, he just he's so wild. He sucked for a long time
This is not new by the way, Eric Clapton has suffered quite quite some time
Yeah, he had a
He's got a new song out cuz enough's enough with this covered stuff and I you know what I'm that front
Yeah, I'm with I think we can all get behind
Him on that thing because if it had been like can we just yeah, can we just move?
Can we just get it?
Hey COVID sucks and we need to do whatever we need to do to stop it
But instead it's like COVID sucks, but also I miss breathing on people
I love that special Eric Clapton way I breathe. If I don't breathe on people I can't feel alive. This is BS you guys
I love to breathe on people and if I can't if I can't huff other people's breath. Am I even Eric Clapton anymore?
Oh my god, Eric Clapton, what a weird like and one last thing. Man I love all, I love 100% of Eric Clapton's shit without fail. Thanks to everybody who's enjoyed my whole thing over the many many years. Now just if I can just say one quick thing.
I know, I know what you're thinking. Is this gonna be a song about how I look like the guy who vented Atari and everybody in my band looks like that guy too and the answer is no. It's gonna be a whole, it's gonna be a whole fucking anti-COVID like protection thing.
We're all anti-COVID, we're all anti-COVID, Eric.
I just hope that this leads to a bunch of like controversial but very like maybe Billy Joel will release a song called Remember When We Used to Smoke on Planes
and it'll just be about like how much Billy Joel hates and he doesn't even smoke but he thinks it's bullshit that other people can't, you know?
This fucking dude last year, by which I mean Eric Clapton, did a track with Van Morrison that was called Stand and Deliver that was also about lockdown woes and part of me wonders if they actually got together to collab on that track
or if these two fucking dinguses wrote two separate anti-COVID lockdown songs that they just realized, hey, if you play these at the same time, they fucking harmonize because we're both fucking smooth brain Jasmine idiots.
Eric Clapton's song should have been released and the whole thing was just about like, I wish I had some hobbies besides huffing other people's breath and standing on a stage. Does anyone know how to knit? Could you teach me about sourdough? Cause I'm bored as shit.
You guys wanna hear some of the comments?
Yeah.
Yeah, I would love to.
They say to always do the comments.
Wait, on what platform are you reading these comments?
YouTube.
Okay.
On his official video. These are people that have wandered into the fucking, like, you don't think they sought it out, Justin? You think they just stumbled into Eric Clapton's anti-lockdown song?
I mean, I found it somehow. This is not important. Here's the important thing.
Thanks, Eric. Great job.
Awesome.
Excellent song and brave message. Nice energy and bounce to it.
This one's good. This one's your fucking, this one bounces.
This one's kind of bounce.
Oh, I could grind on the dance floor to this song Enough's Enough about this COVID stuff. Also, bold message, is it?
It's just a bold message. Congratulations on your attitude.
That sounds sarcastic.
Congratulations on your attitude?
Congratulations on your good attitude.
That sounds like something a 12-year-old says in the heat of the moment when they can't think of, like, a good retort. And then it's just like, oh yeah, well, congratulations on your attitude.
Here's one. It says, yes, new Clapton.
Wow, this song was absolutely horrible in propaganda.
I don't know if they were typing that, like, as they were listening to it, like, yes, yes, a new joint, a new joint from Eric Clapton.
Okay, these comments are so, hey, Pfizer, do you listen?
What?
Hey, Pfizer, do you listen, I guess, to this song, to Eric Clapton?
Hi, my name's Jeremy Pfizer, and oh shit, yeah, the Jazz Man's got a new track out.
Let me just pipe right in.
Oh, shit.
Hey, guys, you gotta come listen to this.
Have we fucked up pretty bad?
Now, here's the interesting, apparently, I've not watched the full video for the song.
The video also includes, like, imagery of a world on fire.
And so it's, like, anti-lockdown, but also pro, like, environmental reforms mixed messages.
Fuck yeah, let's get into this now.
Fuck yeah, this is a gift that keeps on giving.
New Yorker did do a send up, a little political cartoon by Barry Blitt called Eric Clapton, enough is enough.
And the subtitle says, the listening party for Eric Clapton's new protest song.
And it's an unflattering image of Mr. Clapton.
And then you got, let's see, Jim Jordan and Louie Gomer in kiss makeup.
You got Daffy Duck, a Brachiosaurus, Van Morrison, Goofy, Bozo, and several Iguanodons.
Oh, got him again.
End of joke.
What's that?
Okay, Goofy is a fucking emblem of an idiot.
Bozo, a clown, right?
Van Morrison, we have covered my feelings about this gentleman.
What the fuck did Daffy Duck?
What the fuck is Daffy?
Is Daffy Duck notably anti-vax?
No, if anything, Daffy Duck is the one I appreciate the most in the Mickey Mouse universe.
Because he's the one to say like, this is dumb.
Like Goofy will throw up some dumb bullshit.
And Donald's like, no.
And I have sympathy for Goofy because Goofy doesn't know.
And Goofy gets on the internet and he sees somebody saying like, Bill Gates wants a microchip.
And then you're like, okay, I've got an idea to read it.
Let's hear about this.
But Daffy Duck is fucking, Daffy's doesn't need to subscribe to that.
No.
And also, why bring the fucking Brachiosauruses into this?
What did they do?
For real.
They had a rough go of it.
Let's let them.
Several Iguanodons.
I get that.
Those fuckers.
Yeah, that tracks.
Ugh, Iguanodons.
I feel like I should, this has felt venty.
No, it's fine.
This feels venty.
I feel like we're-
You feel like we're punching down at Eric Clapton?
Well, no, I mean, no.
I mean, no, it's like kind of sideways.
I bet we're about-
Finish it.
I'm the guy that uploaded Barry's Included TikTok.
I feel like I'm about equal to Eric Clapton at this point.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
27,000 times that has been used.
We're sitting next to them on the airplane and violently fighting over the armrest.
Just very passive aggressive.
That's us and Eric Clapton, for sure.
For sure, for sure.
And we're masked and he's not.
It's important to note.
The fucking gutless headlines of the people,
except for the fucking New Yorker who came in and was like,
look at this fucking doofus.
He loves Daffy Duck.
All the other ones are like,
let's see, almost a guitar website,
which is called guitar.com, I guess.
Eric Clapton's new single, This Has Gotta Stop,
seemingly voices his anti-vax sentiment.
No fucking way.
Does it?
Daily news, Eric Clapton appears to criticize COVID restrictions in song.
I don't want to put words in his mouth,
but at the part where he's like,
AstraZeneca, I don't trust you.
It's like, I think-
Like, let's talk about this for a second, Eric.
Let's talk about your bad boy anthem here.
Uh-huh.
How this bad boy anthem where the third line is,
I can't take this BS any longer.
Yep.
Aw, damn, dude, fucking zinged him.
Did you say BS?
Got him.
I remember fucking when Dylan was like lighting shit up in the 60s,
like, this BS from the government.
These jerkoos have done enough with my privacy.
I'm sick of all of this crap.
And I'm like, not cool.
Hey, everybody in the audience, if you're sick of this crap doo-doo,
let me hear you.
Put one hand in the air.
It's like when Rage Against the Machine was like,
hey, F you, I won't do what you tell me.
You know what I mean?
It's like, whoa, strong language there.
Some of those that work forces are real stinkers.
Are real pills.
Like, Eric, what is happening to you?
Like, because if, just like, I live in West Virginia
and everything just seems to be progressing as normal here.
I see no souls being claimed.
Everybody's just kind of going rump-a-room on it over here in West Virginia.
I don't know, man.
I don't know what it's like over there.
I don't know who's trying to steal your freedom.
Because if you're talking about the freedom to, like, do concerts,
well, on this one, Eric, I think that, you know,
bud, it sucks.
It sucks, don't it?
It's pretty bad to keep wanting to do a show
and it's not safe to do this show.
I wish Eric had just called me to complain about it
rather than having to do a song about it.
Because nobody's taking your freedom, Eric.
Do you think that the first draft of this song was like,
it sucks that I don't get to do concerts,
but I do understand.
And then someone's like, I don't think that's bold enough, Eric.
And he's like, oh, got it, got it, got it.
Let me take another pass at it.
This is BS.
He doesn't even have the guts to, like, say what the song is about.
Like, it's like, yeah.
And it's the most limp, like, I just wish it...
It's like, it's the passive voice protest song.
It's like, be nice with stuff.
Yeah, I'm sick of it or whatever.
I'm not going to agree with what you're saying.
It feels like something like that uncle would post on Facebook,
but then not respond to any of the comments from people like,
what do you, hey, what do you mean?
Yeah, it would be like if instead of this song
was titled Cocaine, if he had called it, like, silly stuff.
It's all right, it's all right, it's all right.
Fun dust.
Mr. Clapton, did you write a song about cocaine?
What?
No, it's called Fun Dust.
It's different.
Anything.
Could be anything.
Unspun cotton candy powder.
It sounds like a cover of the song Cocaine that you did not write.
Yeah, no, I know, but I switched it with Fun Dust so it could mean anything.
Oh, it's getting a little war with grandpa you though,
because we're at 16 minutes.
Yeah, we got to wrap it up.
Although ironically, we are currently at war with grandpa.
To be fair, is there a way that this song, okay,
is there a way that we can reclaim the song,
this has got to stop, to make it about something else?
Because it's so sort of empty and hollow.
What is something that we can rage against with these?
Let me look at the lyrics here.
Yeah, just imagine the most boring, pointless set of it you can.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, yeah.
This has got to stop, enough is enough.
How about I just bought a top,
I just bought a top and it fits really great.
And it's just about a good shopping trip that he had.
That would be a bolder stance, I think,
than the one he's taking here.
I don't think it's salvageable.
Oh, I can't take this IBS anymore.
And it's about finding, we have to find a cure for IBS.
What do you do without changing the lyrics?
We just decided it's about something else.
Okay, wait.
I can't take this video, it's gone far enough.
You want to claim my soul, come break down the story.
Yeah, okay.
So this is about your friends are like,
hey, you're watching too much NCIS.
And you're like, I'll never watch enough NCIS.
You'll have to come and break down this door
if you want to take away NCIS from me.
And that would be a bolder statement
than what he's saying here.
This is an advice show where we help people.
And I fear that he may be beyond that point,
beyond our powers, our considerable advice giving powers.
Hello, brothers.
Jacket hanging up at my work.
I feel like you guys didn't respond to that.
Yeah, it's an email.
Okay.
Hello, brothers.
Hello.
There's a jacket hanging up at my work
that as far as anyone knows is ownerless.
But is it ownerless?
Someone must have left it there when they quit.
It's been like eight months at this point.
Thing is, it's a pretty cool jacket.
It won't fit me, but it would fit my friend
and they would definitely like the style.
I've asked my coworkers and no one has claimed it's theirs.
So it's just sort of in limbo, hanging on a shelf untouched.
Can I take this jacket and how do I do it without being weird?
That's from the Sierra Nevada jacket snatcher.
Now this is the kind of thing where, is there a picture?
No.
Do they include a picture?
Probably not.
No, no picture included.
The only reason that a picture would sort of
put any English on this ball is if the jacket
was like the fucking Scorpion bomber jacket from Drive.
Like some real Ed Hardy trash
that somebody would see you wearing it and be like,
is that the forgotten jacket?
Is that the abandoned jacket?
But they're not wearing it.
They're taking it to give to a friend.
It will be gone.
They'll never see it again.
Off the premises.
To the point where I would say, Griffin,
even if that were the case,
people would be very excited once that jacket was gone.
And there would be an imperceivable freedom
granted upon the office as everyone breathed a little easier
now that the jacket was gone.
I mean, shit, yeah.
I mean, you can't tell your friend where you got it
if you do this.
Unless it was the right kind of friend.
Yeah, the right kind of friend who knows how to party
who's looking for a come up.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, sure.
I think that's what you're describing here
is you're gonna pop some tags.
You see this and you just take it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Now here would be-
You just say you want it.
Here's one method you might try.
I call it transient motive.
What this means is with someone's around
when you pick up the jacket,
you create a motive for that moment.
Do you understand?
So you're like, wait, is this dry clean only?
And you start talking like that
as you're taking it and walking away.
And in that person's head,
they're like, why were they so interested?
If, oh, well, I'm moving on with my life.
And then at that point you're clear, right?
And then it's not like, why are they holding the jacket?
It's just sort of accepted at this point.
You are holding the jacket.
You could also style yourself as like a hero in this moment
and loudly as you pick it up and announce like,
fine, I'll take care of it.
Yeah, that's good.
Or like, if no one else will do it,
I'm taking it to lost and found.
Right.
And then you start walking away
and people are like, where is lost and found?
But that's the name of your friend
who's legally changed it to lost and found.
So then you're not lying.
I'm taking this to the jacket kitchen
where you can donate your used jackets to be eaten.
Fair.
Now I will say that the only hiccup here
is if this is a very seasonal jacket,
perhaps a Green Bay starter jacket from 1998.
Or like Mary Arbor Day.
Sure.
And it has been there for the eight months
since the end of that season, right?
And we're just about to come back to the season
at which it will be appropriate.
Because then the previous owner may for the first time
realize they were without it.
However, at that point,
I would say if nine months or so passes,
the reasonable statement of no one knows
where your jacket is at this point makes complete sense.
No, I don't think that the person who owns the jacket
is coming back for it.
It is this thing of like,
nobody wants to take the initiative.
And I think that's where you could kind of
have a little wiggle room here.
Like you're just making some space.
You're just making a little space.
It's one less thing for people to have to work,
for people to have to look at.
Absolutely.
It's like if there was a car parked on your street
for like eight months and no one moved it.
So you just stole it, right?
Because that's a parking space
that someone else could have, right?
Absolutely.
Oh shit, I got it.
Okay.
I got it.
Go.
Every day you come into work.
You take a little bit of the jacket.
Every day you come to work, you take your jacket off,
put it on a hanger, leave the jacket there.
Eventually you will arrive to work
and there will be no available hangers.
And you will say, hey, is this anybody's?
Is it okay if I move this so I can hang up my jacket?
One of my other jackets.
Then everyone will be like, yeah, go for it.
And then you take it down off the hanger.
You can take it away.
No one will question it.
Now, listen.
And then you hang your jacket up.
Now you have a problem.
This is a brilliant idea, Jocelyn.
It's a little bit of fry and pan fry situation.
There's two issues here.
Now there's 20 jackets.
Well, but the problem is that they work at the Coat Hook Emporium.
So they're always worst ones.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The number of jackets you're gonna have to invest in here.
It's gonna make for a heavy lift, but at the end of the day.
I gotta throw a wrinkle in this question.
You know me, Mr. Wrinkle Tosser.
I love to get into these questions and add a wrinkle.
That's why they call you that.
Yeah.
Hello, brothers.
There's a jacket hanging up at my work
that as far as anyone knows is ownerless.
The phrase in there, as far as anyone knows,
suggests that you have gone cubicle to cubicle
and said, do you know who owns this?
And every single person without fail has said, no, I do not.
There is no way that you have conducted such a canvassing.
You are, there has to be a layer of assumption here of,
well, I don't know who this belongs to.
And a couple of people I've talked to
doesn't know who this belongs to.
So nobody here knows who this belongs to.
It got there somehow.
Someone must have left it here when they quit,
but you don't know wicked for sure though.
Because what if there's a chance that that was somebody's
and then they died in like a horrible accident
and now the jacket is left there as a memorial
and it's been there for years and years and years.
So only like the oldest employees remember,
but God damn it, they remember.
And you haven't asked them
because they're in upper management now
because they put the fucking time in,
which you wouldn't understand kids these days.
But if you take that, they're gonna be like,
who took old Bill's jacket?
No, that was old Bill's old Ed Hardy jacket.
He loved Ed Hardy as much as he loves saving kids from car wrecks.
You could come in dressed up in a costume,
big leather vest, big bushy beard,
a clown cap on, fucking wellies on your feet.
And fucking cool disco pants and two different gloves.
And you walk in and you pick up the jacket and you said,
there it is.
And then everybody else who's there would be like,
oh, I guess that like really weird guy
is who that jacket belonged to.
Well, mystery solved.
Can't wait for fucking Tyler to get back so he can tell.
Wait a minute.
Was that person roughly Tyler's size
but dressed up in a bunch of wild garments
that they've been stealing from all the other jobs
they've ever worked?
Damn, almost got away with it too.
I don't know that we're gonna be able to help with this one,
but I think I do have-
I feel like we tried though.
We tried really hard.
I do have one that we might be able to help with
and it's if we do approach the wizard,
Taylor sent this in, thank you.
And it's a WikiHow called how to choose a nickname for your car.
Oh, thank fuck.
Yeah, I've had so many fucking cars now, like-
Braggart.
Three, and I have not gotten nicknames for any of them.
Ooh.
At least none that I would put out into the world,
maybe in my heart of hearts.
The problem for me has always been
that I didn't know their given name, right?
So like if I wanted to call him Johnny, right?
But what if their real name isn't Jonathan, right?
And now it's just fucking weird.
Right, and it's like also that I don't drive that much,
like I use my computer a lot more
and I didn't nickname my computer.
Oh, you didn't?
No, it's just a computer.
Mine's Jeremy Bits.
Jeremy Bits, okay.
Yep.
That was also my stage name during my ill-fated stand-up comedy career.
Yeah, Jeremy Bits.
I wouldn't call it ill-fated, Juice.
I'm ahead of myself.
You're a runner-up season three of Last Comic Standing.
You got a Comedy Central 30-Minute Stand-Up Special.
I did Leno, but it's when he was at 10 p.m.
Yeah, I thought it was fucked up though
how Leno really made you censor a lot of your darker stuff.
Yeah, there was a lot.
And it wasn't even like that the words you were saying
were like banned by, you know, anybody.
It was just the concept.
He didn't like the idea.
He said it was so challenging.
I don't like the ideas.
You really make people think about their deaths.
Yeah, I don't like those ideas.
Do different ideas.
And it's like, J, that's not really how-
Do some Cars ones.
So here's how to brainstorm.
Speaking of Cars ones,
here's some good ways to come up with car names.
Think of the name of a beautiful person.
One of the most common ways to name your car
is to think of a celebrity or model you like
and give it the same name.
Awesome.
Oh, Oscar Isaacs.
It's perfect.
I'm worried, Juice,
that Travis is going to be freaky good at this.
Yeah, I don't like it already, the way it's going.
Some good names include Claire, Stella, Brock, and Venus.
Bright.
I don't know that you can just be like,
this is my car, Claire.
Yeah, well, then you,
Trav, you may want to just chill for like five minutes
because you cannot scrutinize this wiki Howl in that way.
I'm just saying that that's not a nickname though.
That's a name.
Yeah.
Name the car after your favorite musician
or cartoon character.
If you're looking around for names
that aren't commonly used for people-
Carlos Santana.
Yeah, fucking hell, Travis.
Turn yourself off.
And here's the thing,
it doesn't matter what make or model it is.
It could be literally anything.
Car names that are based on musicians or artists
include Sid, Beyonce, and Bono.
Now, but they, Bono?
But here's the thing, in the picture,
the horrible pictures that wikiHowl has,
they got like a blue Corvette
and then there's a picture of Donald Duck
just like hovering over it.
This is my Corvette.
This is my Corvette.
Donald Duck.
The duck from Mickey.
Add a prefix or adjective to the name.
Adding a prefix like Ms or Mr
will add some character to the car name that you choose.
And there's a picture of a man
and he does have a goatee
and he's yelling, Mr. Donald.
What?
This is my Corvette, Mr. Donald.
This is my Corvette, Mr. Donald.
Hey, excuse me, Valet,
could you go pick up Mr. Donald, please?
Good adjectives for your name include colors
like white, black, or silver.
Mr. Blue Donald, Mr. Blue Donald.
Is there a Mr. Blue Donald here?
Whose car is this?
There's a bumper sticker on the back
that says white Mr. Donald.
Good starting adjectives for your car
include things like super, baby, or old.
Hey, whose car is this that says
super baby white Mr. Donald on it?
Hi, I'm looking for my car.
It's named super white, Mr. Donald.
Wait, is there a comma in there?
Somewhere.
Nope.
This next one's awesome
because it's coming in at the very middle
of this WikiHow article.
Search online for other popular car names.
I don't fucking know, man.
I got a Kia Sorrento.
I tried calling it white Mr. Donald Duck,
but people hated that name.
So just-
Mia Sorvino.
Fuck!
Did you mean Kia Sorvino?
That works too, yeah.
Okay.
Trav, just take it clean.
Take it clean.
Take it- Kia Sorrento.
So use an online name generator
to the next one and that's the same thing.
Matching the name with the style of the car.
Base the name on the shape and size of the car.
Look at the body of the car.
If it's blocky, bulky, or powerful,
a more masculine name may-
If it's sleek, sexy, mysterious,
a feminine name may suit it better.
God, I mean WikiHow.
And so there's a picture of a big-
What's that car's ass do?
And here's a big like scary SUV
and it says Wolverine
and then there's a check mark
and then it says Christine
and then there's an X.
Even though there's the most famous scary car ever
is named Christine from the John Carpenter film.
Those two also are not comparable.
Like no one has ever said,
uh yeah, I'm having a baby.
If it's a girl, Christine
and if it's a boy, Wolverine.
Yeah, include the maker model in the name.
You can make it like a Camry.
So I have a Subaru that I call Ruby Sue.
Yeah, that's good.
I mean, that's a good one.
Choose the name based on the type of car that you drive.
That's, you already fucking said that.
Yeah, the Slamberghini, by the way,
I don't know if anyone who listens to this show
has a Lamborghini,
but Slamberghini is just a great thing to call your car.
It's a pretty good one.
For instance, you wouldn't want to name a slow truck
with the name supercharged or red hot
because it doesn't represent the aesthetic of the car.
Bullshit.
They have a picture of a truck here
and the word that they have emblazoned over it is big rhino.
That's pretty good.
But I'm just saying that this person
who's written this WikiHow article
has very little concept of ironic nicknames
where you call like a big guy tiny
because calling like a very slow truck,
like calling it like hot pepper or something
is fucking baller.
I love that.
And then name it based on color.
Names include Nightcrawler, Cherry Bomb,
Mr. Freeze, Cookie Monster, Frogger,
Mean Green, and Creamsicle.
Hop in the Creamsicle.
Oh, wow.
Have you guys ever tried to actually get like,
it's pretty hard to get a nickname going for your car.
I've done it for myself a lot.
Yeah, I know.
To get out of pity.
Hoops, The Kid, Mr. J.
Yeah, that one we need to talk about, by the way.
That one hasn't caught on as much.
It's hard for your car
because like the only way to get it going
is to like sheepishly admit it to your wife
that there's a nickname for it.
And if she's going to mention it,
it'd be nice if she, okay, nevermind.
Honey, I don't know why.
I'm sorry.
I don't know why I brought it up.
Ignore me, stupid.
There's only one.
I don't know why I called my Honda a Pilot Sully.
I thought it was funny because the Pilot Sully.
Yeah, no, you didn't think it was funny, funny.
I just thought it was like, not funny,
but kind of like nodding acknowledgement kind of deal.
You know what I mean?
There's a mystery amongst some of my friends
where our mutual friend Bobby had this white car
and he went back home for a weekend.
And when he came back,
that white car had across the windshield, the Gambler.
And now Bobby claims that the white car died
and he bought a different white car that weekend.
And that one happened to be the same make and model.
It just said the Gambler across.
That was the only difference.
And I have no idea to this day if that's true or not,
but that's a good way to get a nickname going for your car
to just add it to the windshield.
Yeah.
Can I call my car the Michael Dukakis
1988 presidential election campaign bus?
I mean, yes.
Is that?
Oh, shit.
I shouldn't.
People might like find me at live shows now.
Damn it, Travis.
Fuck.
The only other shit on here is like,
really think about it.
And really think about it.
And then there's a picture.
There's a very Ferris Bueller looking cartoon man
laying on a pillow and there's a thought balloon.
And inside the thought balloon, it says Silver Surfer,
Bio Silver, Chroma.
That's a cool fucking thing.
I wish I could shut out the fucking demons.
Bio Silver?
Bio Silver.
I wish I could shut out the demons in my head for a minute
and think about shit like bad car names.
Sometimes they just come to you unbidden.
You don't have to think about them.
It's just how your brain works.
Yeah.
You definitely have like a disease.
Yeah.
It's called ADD.
Oh, boy.
Howdy.
Trav.
Car-D-D.
Car-D-D.
What?
Car-D-D.
Juice, you don't have the touch.
You don't have the glow.
ADD.
Car-A-D.
No.
So we're going to go to-
AWDD.
Because it's like all wheel drive.
We're going to get the fuck out of here.
We got to go to the fucking money zone.
Go, go, go, go.
I need to hire some people.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Perfect thing for that.
But here's the thing.
It's hard to pick things.
I have a hard time making a decision as to what shirts to wear in the morning,
a thing that has no impact on barely my life, let alone anyone else's.
So the idea of having to pick a human being to hire for a thing
is one of the most imposing, terrifying decisions.
That's why I'm glad that there are things like Zip Recruiter.
Because Zip Recruiter is the adult who will help you hire somebody.
Right?
Right.
They're the parent or teacher that can come in and make it better.
Yes.
Because they're going to make sure all of the qualified candidates come right to you.
And you can invite your top choices to apply for the job through Zip Recruiter.
Get in here, Mark.
Don't be shy.
I know you're the man.
You're the one.
You're the man, Mark.
Does Zip Recruiter have a feature that shows you the employee that you had dreamed of
was inside you all along?
Is that an option where it's like-
That's a premium service.
Premium service.
They also have one where a group of teenage girls ask you questions about like,
what house do you think you'll have when you get married?
And that helps you choose the right employee for you.
But that's an up charge.
It's like a billion dollars.
That's like a billion dollars for that.
But you can sign up.
Do they have a thing where they'll take an employee that already works there
and they'll take off their glasses and they're like, maybe this is them?
You know what I mean?
But extra for ponytail removal.
Yeah, right.
They have a feature on Zip Recruiter where you can pick an employee
from a different company that you'd never hire
and then they take that employee away and make them really cool and beautiful
and make them prom queen.
And you're like, oh man, now I love them.
And you hire them.
And then they also have a service where if you can't find the perfect candidate
that has all the skills you need,
they will find like three or four different candidates
that have some of the skills you need.
And then they put them in a big tub full of proprietary fluid
and they don't tell you what the fluid is.
That's probably for the best.
And then nine months later out pops a single amalgamated business entity.
The shape of it is not recognizably human,
but it does do like 130 words per minute.
So that's pretty good.
So you can't beat that.
And you can sign up for not that service,
but the other ones that we talked about early on in the ad
before we went some places.
If you go to ziprecruiter.com slash my brother,
you can try Zip Recruiter for free.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash my brother.
Please don't tell them about a lot of the stuff we said.
Please don't tell any of our-
Oh my God.
Blankest statement.
Don't tattle on us to any of our advertisers
because then the shit's going to get boring.
They're going to have to be like,
Zip Recruiter does a business one.
If you get that, you get 10 buck dollars.
Snooze effect, right?
Hey, do you know what's exciting for me though?
My dreams.
Is it my dreams?
Do you have a good one?
Oh, I have great dreams every night.
Playing laser tag with Michael Dukakis.
I had a dream recently.
There was a crossover between Full House and Buffy the Vampire Slayer
and I saved Uncle Jesse from a vampire trap.
And that was pretty good.
Yeah, that's definitely who would save who
if you two were in a vampire trap together.
Squarespace though helps make your dreams a reality,
except for the dream that Travis had,
which I think we can all agree is total bullshit.
They will help you build a website
that can showcase your work,
sell products and services of all kinds
to promote your physical or online business.
And more.
And they do that with these beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box.
So don't freak out about it.
Yeah, sure.
And if you want to know if your website's sick,
they got analytics for it.
And they do free and secure hosting.
So there's just nothing to really worry about,
except like how you're going to spend all of your website money
that you're going to get when the big bucks are rolling in.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code my brother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
This week on Bullseye,
David Byrne on the talking heads,
easing back into live performance,
and the magic of Doo-Wop.
You don't get it very much.
People doing dibbidi-dip-dip,
whoa, whoa, nama-nama-nama-nama.
You don't get a lot of that.
Listen to Bullseye from Maximumfun.org and NPR.
Griffin, you got another Yahoo! for us?
Not for a while now, Justin.
Let me reach into the fucking time well.
Hold on.
Oh no, I've fallen down into the time well.
Oh no, he's an old man now, Justin.
Oh no, he went too far the other way and he's a baby.
He's a baby?
Yeah, let's see if we can catch him right in the middle.
I'll grab him by the back of his collar and pull him out.
Whatever, dad, fuck you.
Nah, damn it.
I got him when he was 45.
Man, that's some-
Do you not have a Munch Squad, my friend?
I have like too many and it's starting to feel like this predictable thing.
It felt too predictable.
It used to be a fun energy, you know what I mean?
And now I'm having to beg for it.
I love it.
I love the energy.
First of all, do the fucking song.
Play the song, Eric Clapton.
Okay, Munch Squad, this is a new theme song.
It's pretty good.
Why don't you just give us some log lines and then let me and Travis be your navigators
through this wire if there's something that-
I don't fucking trust you guys to do that.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Honey Baked Ham has a new-
Okay, first off, I have just sort of an addendum.
A correction.
Okay.
What'd you do?
A quick addendum.
Not a correction.
What'd you do?
No, nothing.
What'd you fuck up?
I did ask John Hodgman if the Taco Bell Crispy Chicken Sandwich taco where they're trying
to get beef going.
Hodgman has made basically his entire career is based around deciding whether or not a
hot dog is a sandwich.
I noticed that.
So I asked him to like weigh in on this and he said, and this is sort of like official,
as you can hear on his podcast, Judging on Hodgman, he makes these sorts of rulings all
the time and they are binding.
It's a taco inspired by a sandwich.
That's what Hodgman told me.
All right.
So that's official.
I like that.
He said, it's like, you know, like the famous Reuben taco.
And then like an hour later, he texted me, or a tuna melt taco.
Well, we get the concept, I think.
We got you, Hodgman.
Do you know what happened with that last one is Hodgman thought about a tuna melt taco
and he's like, fuck, that'd be delicious.
That's what he actually said.
Like, now I'm thinking about it.
I think he made himself hungry.
I think so too.
I think he practiced the secret.
I think he was visualizing.
Honey baked ham is doing pumpkin spice glazed turkey breast.
That sucks.
Yeah, it sucks, right?
Yeah, that's great.
What's wild is like in preparation for this limited time offering, Honey Baked did a survey
and they're like, the results reinforce the demand for fall flavor starts now.
Now, 69% agree fall has the best seasonal flavors.
In fact, 70% of people agree pumpkin spice is an essential part of the fall season.
Okay, but those are two different things.
Those are two different things because you're saying that a lot of people love fall flavors
and they acknowledge that pumpkin spice is essential to fall.
Not that they love pumpkin spice.
65% of people said pumpkin spice flavors should be available August through October.
That's true.
And 15% want the flavor to be available all year.
So 65%, 59% said spending time with family and friends for gatherings is a favorite fall
activity.
Okay.
And 71% of respondents said they feel disappointed when they miss out on an experience.
What?
There had to be a bit where you're like, what did you ask?
I'm sorry, one more time.
Sorry, I said that.
I just asked if you feel disappointed when you miss out on an experience.
Do you mean a honey baked ham sandwich experience or just any experience?
Just any experience.
It's like, well, fuck, was this for ham?
Can you say 75%, Justin?
71% of respondents said they feel disappointed when they quote, I'm just reading,
miss out on an experience.
I want to meet that other 29% who are so comfortable with themselves.
They're like, if I miss it, I didn't need to be there, I guess.
You're just like, I would have just fucked it up.
You know what I mean?
It probably wouldn't even been nearly as good.
An experience.
An experience.
An experience.
An experience, not good or bad, just 30% people are like, oh.
Yeah, man, I swear, God, the aliens landed.
I was not present at the Point Pleasant Silver Bridge collapse.
Damn it.
Fuck.
Damn.
Shit.
And I heard there was some really good ham there afterwards.
But Pumpkin Spice, they're doing Pumpkin Spice ham.
Yeah, okay, sure.
Why the fuck not?
Yeah, why not?
But that's not really what I'm kind of, the thing I actually want to talk about.
I just think that's funny.
They did, there's like, guys, there's like a whole thing about what would you do?
Here's what Pumpkin Spice lovers are willing to do to make it a year long, year round thing, right?
I'd murder.
28% of people would shave their head bald.
Okay.
27% of people would go a month without internet access.
No, you would not.
27% of people would give up their smartphone for a year.
Bullshit.
Just learn where to buy Pumpkin Spice.
It's a combination of flavor, you could do it yourself.
It's like just nutmeg and cinnamon.
They sell it, you can get bottles of it in the spice aisle with everything else.
Anyway, Wendy's unveils hot and crispy French fry innovation.
This is what I'm talking about.
I'm going to stand up.
Yeah.
This is what I do Munch Squad for, because this is actual news, okay?
It's been fucking 11 years, okay?
For the first time, the chain is updating its number one selling product, which is, of course,
the French fry.
The French fry.
The Wendy's French fry.
Now, it's been 11 years since we've touched this recipe, and now we're going back to the drive.
We're going to change it.
The tag that they're using, they're sort of like in the drive-by, you see a lot of drive-by
fast food coverage, and it's just like, we just need a quote, so what do you think?
And they're like, yeah, it's like a lot of places do it bad, and we're going to do it good.
They say the fast food chain developed this new fry offering to put an quote
in to the disappointing, inconsistent fry experiences that other places still serve.
You see what they're doing here?
They're putting their fuck up on everyone else's food.
They're not changing it, you're right.
Not because we fuck it up, but other places do.
Yeah, we're going to carry even more of the weight than we have already.
The ball's in their court.
QSR Magazine, which is sort of my sort of like secret source, my number one source for like,
when I want to go behind the headlines.
It's your secret sauce source.
Yeah, so this has an interview with John Lee, Wendy's vice president of culinary innovation,
who is probably a genius at his job, but probably is one of the wilder interview
subjects.
I've seen a lot of John Lee's work, and it gets pretty wild every single time.
Um, here's the example.
It's basically one of those things where they're good.
That's already a great start.
It's basically one of those things where there were good fries out there, but there
are not great fries out there.
And we collectively got together and we told ourselves two and a half years ago that good
is definitely not good enough.
Now, earlier in this interview, he says that they've been working on this recipe for months.
So I guess it was like two years where they were like, we gotta do something about the
fries, cause like, yeah, yeah, we don't even start.
We're going to go full court press and figure out what's the best way to have our customers
backs.
If fries are the most ordered menu item, we're going to create the best possible fry.
So they, they asked John Lee, um, how, uh, tell me how your team has been approaching
reinventing the fry and to land this new hot and crispy game changer.
So hi, my name is Justin McElroy.
Uh, I'm going to do my, my, uh, dramatic monologue is John Lee's answer to this question.
Uh, and I'd like to read it for you now.
And do you, I'm sorry.
Do you have a headshot that we could, uh, peruse?
Yeah, thank you.
Uh, here.
Okay.
And do you, I'm so sorry to, I don't want to break your flow.
Do you have a butt shot?
No, uh, it's on my Instagram.
It's just all butt shots.
Can you show me your butt?
This is what you want.
You gotta get the, make it clap.
Hey, make it clap.
Uh, you gotta get the right potato.
Once you get the right potato, you gotta make sure you're applying the right process.
And we have a signature proprietary process that allows us to get the fry.
Oh yeah.
That's the way he puts it.
You gotta do it in a way that our customers want it.
So there's, so there's a whole bunch of forms.
What?
We've done a lot of research.
There's a whole bunch of shapes.
What?
And there's a lot of different routes we could have taken to create new news.
Oh man, sliding doors.
The problem is to say true to our heritage and the roots and what Dave Thomas expected
in terms of the perfect French fry.
And then based on the research of what consumers really want, which is a fry that is hot and
crispy, we actually landed on what we have today.
So it looks like your standard French fry.
It is not your standard French fry.
The reality is sometimes they got it right the first time out in regards to shape.
There's specifics around how we cut our fry.
It was done right the first time around.
So we didn't have to do much to fix that.
But applying a proprietary process and being really careful about the partners we choose.
What?
And having the right raw materials coming in from a potato perspective.
Oh my God.
Gets us out where we're at today.
Okay.
Now, and then obviously we have our ops partnerships too.
They do a fantastic job.
We are trained properly.
We've got that.
We got certified people working those fryers and they care and are as passionate as we
are about making sure that the guest experience is awesome every time they bite into it.
Why am I standing up and salute?
Like I'm saluting with my hand over my heart and I don't know like how I got to this position.
I, listeners, I want you to rewind back to the beginning of Justin doing it and then
listen again.
And this time I want you to picture Justin standing in front of several like corkboards
with like string wrapped around like thumbtacks going from thing to thing as he points out.
And just imagine that John Lee has been awake for four weeks prior to this interview.
I'm a ketchup eater.
I'm not afraid to admit it.
I'm a ketchup eater.
I'd like to take our pouch and I like to squeeze on a little squiggly drizzle on each fry.
And soggy fries don't make for a very good eating experience when you try to do that.
Using fries that they created are perfect for this.
So if you include the delivery expectation of 20 minutes, typically 20 to 30 minutes,
they're still crispy, which is mind boggling.
It's the mind.
The mind cannot conceive of the crispy.
The mind cannot conceive of the crispy.
Hey, can I say something?
It is a razor thin margin between pleasantly floppy and way too crunchy for fast food french fries.
The way this man is speaking makes me think that these are going to shatter my jaw bones.
Oh yeah, baby.
So fucking crispy.
And they're heated internally, I guess.
Like those like hand warmers that you crunch up and then put in your gloves.
There's some kind of chemical activation from inside of them that 25 minutes later,
they're still warm.
I don't want you to go back.
Hey guys, no, guys, you have to keep pressing forward.
This is a question you had a freight.
I really, guys, I really don't know.
Please don't ask me for context.
I don't know what is what is happening in this specific part.
OK, you had a phrase around the coding that was great that included the word whisper
and that you didn't want it to have a barrier to the potato.
Can you share just a little bit about that philosophy?
The reason why the whisper came out.
Yes, thank you so much for asking.
I was hoping you would bring up the whisper.
Thank you.
Actually, that's so stupid of you.
Yeah.
The reason why the whisper came out was because there are a lot of our competitors
and options that we could have looked at that had heavier battering.
But the beauty of our research was that it told us something very clearly
that consumers really know their French fries.
I love the French fry.
For the fact that it's natural sort of potato texture.
They want with the very light contrast and texture crisp on the outside.
Fluffy baked potato in the middle is how we always talk about it in our kitchens.
You cannot do that if you start applying a whole bunch of batter,
which may make it more crispy.
Yeah, but you end up changing the actual overall eating experience of the French fry.
I know this gets deep into French fry.
Does it, John?
I know, but this is what we do.
We talk about French fries like this.
If you bite into a heavily battered product, I guarantee, I guarantee fucking tea.
It says, I guarantee fucking tea.
They start to get gummy and they lose that baked potato fluffy texture in the center.
Our research tells us most consumers that is not good.
John, honey, please come to bed.
You've been up for days.
John, please, the children miss you.
Come home.
But Mr. Lee, why should they not be married?
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, no, no, no.
I love her.
I love her or something.
Anyways, potatoes to all.
I've got to be off.
The change is in regards to the actual battering process that we use.
And finding the right level batter, which sounds like it's easy.
No.
Try doing millions and millions of pounds of French fries.
There's a lot of science involved.
Please, Mr. Lee, calm down.
Please put the knife away.
There's a lot of engineering.
So we had to get it just right.
You think you could do it?
Oh, John.
This is truly the combination of our own science on a product that seems so simple when you
compare it to something that looks more complex.
It's actually probably the most complex project that I've worked on in my entire career.
It fucking sounds like it.
It sounds like it, John.
And I love, John, can I say we've been having a lot of fun here on our comedy podcast,
but I love the passion.
I love it.
I love the passion, you ketchup, you fucking ketchup eater.
The only thing that makes me sad about this now that I think about it is how much passion
and love John Lee has put into these French fries and how most fucking plebs are going
to take a bite of it and go, that's pretty good.
And they're not going to appreciate-
They're not going to appreciate about it.
You know what else tickles me is that this recipe is being rolled out and should be in
all Wendy's by mid-October.
I think that you should, in the future, not denigrate your current product while you still
have apparently so much of it.
I feel like people should just show up because now if you think I'm going to go to a Wendy's
place before this new incredible fry is available, you see people go for it two to one at McDonald's.
I'm not going to waste a trip to Wendy's right now when you're still serving that garbage
fry.
This is your last chance to stock up.
Let me get a Baconator combo meal, but just keep the French fries because I wouldn't eat
that fucking shit with my worst enemy's mouth.
Could I get an IOU for the French fries that I can turn in in mid-October?
Actually, just take the French fries and pull out your waistband like a silly clown and
put them down your pants because you're a clown.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And dance and say I'm a bad fry clown boy.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Perfect.
Oh, is it too late to order a small Frosty?
I bet they are going to be pretty good though.
Oh, yeah, sounds great.
No, they're going to be great.
They know what they're professionals.
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself.
We hope you're going to rush out and get some of those Wendy's fries.
They did not pay us to say that.
Start waiting now.
You got about-
Start waiting now.
45 days.
Don't get any fries.
Don't.
Yeah, you know, fall's just around the corner.
So, you know, do you got any questions for Richard Stank?
He's going to be-
Fuck.
You know, the new season means a new visit from Richard Stank.
So if you got questions about fragrance, you know, please be sure to pass those along.
Hey, we have some really exciting news.
We're doing a My Brother, My Brother and Me Live and Virtual September 24th.
Take that, Eric Clapton.
Yeah.
It's going to start at 9pm Eastern time with Sawbones opening, which is very exciting.
Tickets are on sale now for $10 at bit.ly slash mbmbamvirtual.
And there will be video on demand available for that for two weeks after the show.
So even if you can't make that time, go check it out.
Bit.ly slash mbmbamvirtual.
Also, we got new merch over at mcrorymerch.com.
Our pin of the month is Dr. Shaq from Adventure Zone 813,
which benefits the World Central Kitchen, which uses the power of food to nourish communities
and strengthen economies through times of crisis and beyond.
We've got a Phantom Seek Coast Co. pin, excuse me,
and some Adventure Zone temporary tattoo flash sheets designed by Lynn Doyle
and benefits the Asian Prisoner Support Committee,
which provides direct support to Asian and Pacific Islander prisoners
and to raise awareness about the growing number of APIs being imprisoned, detained and deported.
Hey, thank you to Montaigne for the use of our theme song, My Life is Better with You.
It's a jam, a bop, a slap, it rips completely and fully.
It's a wiggler.
Listen to the whole version of it now.
Watch the music video that we participated in on the McElroy Family YouTube channel.
And thank you, Montaigne.
It's just, it brings me such joy.
Is that it, though?
Is that it for the show?
I mean, you need to do your final yahoo.
Yeah, no, I mean, other than that.
You do a final yahoo.
Yeah, sure.
This one was sent in by Paul McCartney.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Yeah, he listens.
And he is really plugged into it.
He's a very active yahoo user.
He has 100,000 yahoo points.
Thank you, Paul.
Sir Paul.
It's asked by yahoo answers user Tram-ter-kins, Tram-ter-kins.
Tram-ter-kins, okay.
And Tram-ter-kins asks, I'm thinking about
starting a new.
I'm thinking about starting a new.
Hello.
I'm thinking about starting a new.
Just do it.
Just read it.
Off your screen.
Sorry, guys.
It's gotta, I gotta.
You gotta scroll down.
The fucking wire came loose.
Hold on.
Okay, here, it's loading now.
Okay, good.
Hello.
Where do I start a new?
Oh, never mind.
I have a different question.
Where can I download the all nude episode of According to Jim?
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother.
May I kiss your dad's square on the lips?
It's better with you.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
Hey, podcast fan.
We'd like to get a better idea of who you are and what you care about.
So we have a quick favor to ask.
If you have a few minutes to spare, please go to Maximumfun.org slash ad survey.
There, we've got a short anonymous survey that will take about five minutes to fill out.
Plus, if you finish it, you'll get a 10% discount on merch at the MaxFun store.
MaxFun shows have always relied on support from our members and always will.
This survey will help keep the few ads we do run interesting and relevant to you.
That's Maximumfun.org slash ad survey.
A-D-S-U-R-V-E-Y.
All one word.
And thanks for your help.
