Good evening, side audience. Hello, other people. My name is Clint McElroy.
Anybody named McElroy is going to get a big round of applause.
We're going to be starting the show in just a second.
I wanted to kind of prime the crowd a little with some very important Mabim Bam trivia.
Just to kind of see who's been paying attention.
First of all, anybody listen, has listened to all 201 episodes?
The rest of you get the hell out.
So you'll know these answers.
First of all, which McElroy brother is deathly afraid of spiders?
Travis.
Give yourself ten points.
Number two, what is early onset jack disease?
Early onset jack disease.
175 pounds in the womb.
That's right, when you have a 175 pound child in the womb.
Security, row one, scene two.
Question number three, and this, now we'll resort to animal.
Which business, which animal was the subject of the business name suggestions?
Speed rats, shitty cats, your mother gets on it.
Exactly.
Number four, which animal has received the most Mabim Bam references?
And finally, who is Goofy Hart McKinley?
Oh, sorry.
She was the warrior cat question answer.
So maybe she gave birth to Brangle Cat.
But these are the midwives.
Ladies and gentlemen, his brother, his brother in him, Justin Travis and Griffin Acklemore.
Oh wait, there's more.
The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but there's a nerd degree on his palm.
I haven't seen anything.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I only mentioned so the babies out there know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool babies?
Get up, get up, get up.
Y'all get it twisted.
Distraction is mine, motherfuckers.
I'll fucking get it.
Fuck what you heard.
It's what you hear it.
It's what you hear it.
Listen.
It's what you hear it.
Listen.
It's what you hear it.
Listen.
The McElroy brothers.
Yo, give it to your motherfuckers.
Now open up, close the door.
Stop the crime.
Go fuck this baby, baby.
The McElroy brothers.
Got such a good heart.
The McElroy brothers.
Beat the motherfucker one day if you can.
Damn right.
The McElroy brothers.
Go in and dance.
The McElroy brothers.
Hell yeah, son.
The McElroy brothers.
Got something to break, man, with the enemy.
We've used that before, and it's just so great, man.
I worked so hard on it that I didn't want it to just be a one.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me,
the advice show for the modern era.
I am your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby's brother, Griffin McElroy.
I just took a bite out of a cupcake from this,
and it expressly says, for Sydney.
Who got us these?
Thank you for the cupcakes, whoever.
No one's going to mess up, all right?
Secret cupcakes.
Secret cupcakes.
Copier and non-poison?
What the fuck are we doing?
This is so many podcast shows.
I really, I don't remember if anything that I've said
has ever not been recorded.
Speaking of which, let me start recording.
Oh, no.
No, we got it on the six other recording devices.
I'll just say everything again.
Thank you for the cupcakes, our dad.
Thank you, cupcakes.
You know the shit about the question asker,
because that's, god damn.
I think my favorite thing is when he asked about
who was deathly afraid of spiders,
that like three people that said Justin
got so harshly shouted, it's Travis.
Fucking fuck.
Fuck this guy.
Well, thank you, everybody, for coming tonight
to this late, late shift.
This was the original.
It used to not be the late show.
It used to just be the show that we were doing.
You guys weren't worth it from the beginning,
and I appreciate that.
That's what you got.
So what you're going to have now is like
live, unfiltered, unadulterated Nagler brothers.
There's nothing.
No kidding.
I mean, we've done half the work that Justin
has done tonight, and I already feel like
just keeling over dead.
So this is probably going to be the worst
or best show that we've ever done.
You know what's kept me going the entire time?
My second audience to my right hand side,
my dog, Perry.
Dog time opens up.
We will not look or talk to the dog time.
Sir, we asked everybody to arrive on time, sir.
It's extremely rude of you.
So what do we do in this podcast?
Yeah, yeah.
Is this the medical history one?
Travis, how about, okay,
you've never listened to our show before.
What are you doing here?
It's possible they came here for saw bones, ass.
It's an advice show.
We try to help people who ask us questions
and questions we find in the Yahoo Answers service,
and we turn them an alchemy like into wisdom.
So let's do that right now.
I believe we have some questions for people
who are actually visiting here in the meeting space.
We should also mention, oh, do we not have
another microphone that we can...
Yeah, we do right here.
Okay, we'll get comfy.
Yeah, we may give people on stage to ask questions.
So think about what you might want to chat about.
Listen, let me be extremely fucking clear about this.
You are playing a dangerous game.
Because, first off, I'm drunk.
And...
The only thing I'm bummed about is that I don't have any...
I had like a Jameson ginger ale for the first show.
Now I don't have any more.
But I believe in a higher power that...
Dear Jesus.
Dear Jesus, Jameson.
I haven't talked in a while.
No, but that's the one thing.
But don't make it a bummer.
Don't make it about poopy.
If you're going to ask us a question over here,
just don't ruin the entire show with your question,
or we will save the show,
and you will not like the sacrifice we have in it
in order to get it back on the rails.
Believe me.
Travis, questions.
This question comes from Jeremy Franklin.
Are you here?
Is your girlfriend here with you?
Yep.
Great. Terrific.
So here's the question.
Is she about to get real?
My girlfriend stinks like butts.
Whoa!
No.
Jeremy?
How dare you, sir?
So Jeremy actually says,
My girlfriend has just moved in with me,
and it's going great.
Except...
She has no sense of bed geography.
She's constantly rolling over on top of me,
sleeping diagonally so there's no room for me,
or kneeing me in her sleep.
How can I train her to sleep like a normal person
so I can get good bed sleep?
I don't think the two of you sleeping in the same bed
is going to be a problem.
I understand this question because I have these instincts.
When my wife gets out of bed earlier
than I'm going to get good bed,
I will instantly reorganize in a diagonal position.
I do not know why.
There's something about the luxury.
My body's covered by bed space.
No matter...
Whoa.
Whoa.
My body's covered with bed space,
but there's something about the fact
that I'm absorbing an entire bed.
Yeah, no.
It's about the denial of comfort
to your pregnant wife
that is so close to you.
She's already up.
She's got to get up early to make my room.
Do you want to...
This is my reason I just sleep in separate beds.
In separate rooms.
Separate houses.
I haven't seen my wife in two years.
I have a theory that if you don't have this problem
with your significant other,
you're the problem.
Because I think in every relationship...
That's like living around a bed
where you don't see the sucker in your head.
Right.
I am a straight-up princess and a pea sleeper.
I am a delicate flower.
Justin and Sydney are coming to learn this
because we're showing a hotel room here.
I build a fucking exoskeleton of pillows around myself.
I need two under the head,
one between the elbows,
and one between the knees.
I need four pillows.
We had six in the room as soon as you got in.
Oh, man.
It's going to suck for two of you guys.
I think I'm the troublemaker.
That was actually a really hard call
we had to make last night
because we are staying at the garden.
Oh, the garden, you know.
It's still about 28 between 6 and 7.
We're staying there.
We realized that we had four people in the room.
We had six pillows.
That's not going to fly.
Especially since my wife doesn't have
her special S-shaped pillow snookle
that she needs for breakfast.
So I said,
we're going to need some more pillows over here.
So I called a friend to ask, and they said,
how many pillows do you need?
Did you call them?
I called because you can't talk to people like anybody.
Like a girl.
Yeah.
Girl didn't call.
Also called to cancel dinner reservations tonight.
And then Justin asked,
were they mad?
In his defense, they were pretty mad.
They were not psyched about it.
Everyone calls in front of us and says,
we need more pillows.
You know, this is ridiculous.
And they say, how many?
And I think we had this moment at the beginning
because it's like...
Ideally, like 10.
How many can you get?
How many you got?
How many do you have?
How about you start the negotiation?
We'll work it out.
Exactly.
I don't want to make the first offer.
You make the first offer.
I wrote a number down on this piece of paper.
Send your man out to collect the paper.
What were we talking about?
Bad sleepers.
People are bad at sleeping.
See, I'm bad at sleeping.
I tend to be the one who flares around.
And then I also wake up from flailing around.
So the number of times I've hit my wife in my sleep.
In my sleep.
In my sleep.
And then I've woken up immediately going,
Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Is that real?
Did I dream that?
I'm a horrible person.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, Yahoo.
This Yahoo...
No, that helped.
See, I think it was sent in by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers.
Hold up.
Meowchel.
Who asks,
Would you consider the Tim Allen grunt art?
I can assume you're familiar.
Like an actor, which is considered an artist.
Wait, I just want to make sure we're on the same page.
So on the count of three,
if everybody can give me a Tim Allen grunt.
This is going to be fucking awesome.
Okay, one, two, three.
I just want to say,
a lot of the people that only get one,
I've never heard Tim Allen go grunt.
Explain that.
And raise your hand if I'm right.
I think some people were doing...
It's multiple.
Yeah, yeah.
And then the other people were doing
the questioning grunt.
Really?
That's so bad.
Who does that?
Yes, the breathy.
The breathy, excitable grunt.
Then you also have that kind of like
you just found out disappointed.
Being derogative.
I don't think he ever had a...
I think he did.
Where like, Wilson would say something very...
Wilson?
That was when Fyre was brought up.
No, he would say...
When Wilson would say something really deep,
he would go...
Like, reflected fucking grunt.
You're right.
No, he has to have a nasal grunt.
He said,
Artful.
Agree or disagree?
It's more artisanal.
I feel like it's a...
I feel like Tim Allen's a comedic artisan.
But I don't know if I would say it's an art.
It's a work of art.
I mean...
It's a piece.
It's a piece.
It's a creation.
It's an effort.
Do you think he crafted it?
Like, he stood in front of the mirror and went,
Oh.
No.
Wait.
I'm on to something.
Hey, sweetie.
Is this funny?
When I do that, do you laugh?
Do you have nerve problems?
Just imagine...
I want you to imagine
that a T.J. just broke a window with his slingshot
and I walk into the house and I see the window and I'm like,
I'm very disappointed in T.J.
And when I see the window, I make this noise.
It's sort of like a zombie having a stroke.
The ring for me started $10.
I'll tell you what was fucking hard on that show
were all the wipes.
All the transitional wipes.
That's what it seems.
God damn.
I don't know.
Can we all tell about how that was the only show
literally in existence to ever do...
I guess Boy Meets World actually did get a little bit creative
with its shit.
Early, like, season one through three.
And then they fell off.
And they went straight to Cross Dissolves.
I miss, like, a lawnmower eats up the scene.
It's so fun.
I think we have a greatest hits reel
that was cute.
Let's watch that.
They fell together.
No, we don't.
Did we do it?
It's on the USB drive.
Labeled the best bit ever.
It's labeled a very good bit,
but the Macro is playing the head.
Is it art?
Absolutely, yeah.
Yeah.
Next question.
Hey, brothers.
Hey, Travis.
No, that's the...
Okay.
I recently decided that I want to move out of my mom's house.
The problem is that it is expensive
to live anywhere around where I live,
and I am currently paying for schooling,
so there's not a whole lot for me to offer.
My brother has offered for me to live with him,
and he said we can discuss the details later.
But I was wondering what I could do to
pay rent without paying cash.
If you put...
If you put quotation marks around the word pay,
then it gets gross.
Buying groceries and driving him around
since he can't drive himself
are the only things I've thought of.
If you could offer some suggestions,
that would be great.
And that's where we're moving on up to the cheap side.
Yeah, right there.
All right, right on.
Cool.
Backrubs on demand.
Backrubs on demand.
Yeah, I have a backrubist who lives with me.
We're also brothers,
but mainly he rubs my back.
And that's how he pays.
He pays me with backrubs.
Whoop!
That's the reason Wilson never came up
from behind a switch
is because he had a brother backrubist.
He was constantly getting a backrub
whenever he saw him.
Because if you had somebody that you had hired
with rent professionally to rub your back,
I think you would have somebody do it
in full time, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eventually the meat would...
And by full time you mean
every waking torture hour of his life.
Can I get a drink real quick?
No, absolutely not.
These attendants aren't going to release themselves.
Uh, Jesus.
I don't like anything as much as I like having money,
so it's really tough.
I mean, you could make him a picture,
but money would probably be...
Could you make me a vision board,
like inspirational mindset
you guys are going to have together?
You're going to make him a new one every day?
It would have to be...
Figure out the length of time
you could get away with not paying rent
and his frustration peak,
and then be like, oh, vision board,
got you a new one.
God damn, that is pretty inspirational.
You're right.
You can hang out for four more days.
It's like Dread Pirate Rawlings in the sky.
Good luck.
I will have that picture in the morning.
How about any other answer?
Yep.
This one was sent in by Jeff Danielson.
Thank you, Jeff.
And thank you to everybody who sent in Yahoo's.
There were trillions, which was exhausting.
They weren't all drew down report,
but they were mainly.
They were mostly drew down report.
He's gained two levels in Yahoo shaman-dom
since we started this morning.
Isn't he here?
No, he doesn't know.
Thank you, Jeff.
It's by Yahoo answers user Fabricio.
It's just a name guy.
By laughing at it, that's racist.
Fabricio has a 4% on Yahoo answers.
We've only recently become aware of the fact
that Yahoo answers has like a rating system for users.
We had somebody who had a 1% in the last episode,
and god damn, they didn't earn it.
I don't think that there's like a rating system
you can have for like,
you're a more worthwhile user of Yahoo answers.
You're the smallest piece of shit on this website.
Fabricio asks,
does emotion count as an ingredient when cooking?
That's it.
Yeah, no details.
No further questions.
I mean, they say like,
put a little bit of some special love in it.
Does that go the other way though?
Like, I put a little border in it.
Someone was really fucking angry
when they made this chili.
You taste it.
I don't like when I read a recipe on like,
the internet or a book,
where they have in the list of ingredients,
like a little extra love.
And that's a legal document.
Hold on, you read a recipe on the internet,
like that's legal.
Some of us build a shopping list,
and some of us maybe are confused
when we see love?
What?
I don't know.
What am love?
What am love?
I was trying to bake some cupcakes.
So you're suggesting that if you had a recipe
for turkey chili,
and you went to the store and bought it,
and then followed the instructions,
put a lot of love in there,
and then you cooked it,
and it came out,
and the whole time it was strawberry pie,
you would be like,
I'm pressing charges.
This is false advertising.
It clearly said chili at the top.
I was curious when it put strawberries in it,
but okay.
I'm saying the ingredients list
is a legally binding document,
and they should have just put like great...
I see a little extra love in there.
You know what I think?
Grow love.
You really showed them.
I know, right?
If I want to put some extra love in there,
you know how I show my love?
I made you this.
But if...
What do you care if I had emotion or not?
You're still full.
If you blow a kiss in your turkey chili,
don't I get to taste it?
Can you taste a kiss in a turkey chili?
I love having built-in punchlines.
I think that's like the crux of home and Peru,
but I think that's...
You can actually build like three fours
that are showed by hilarious wives.
You get that fence sound of a bitch in there.
You have Tim,
you go vroom, vroom,
and you get three fours going to an episode.
Get some discouraged looks from Patricia Heaton.
You cast Richard Korn as the most...
Oh, yikes.
Thank you.
I thought so.
Well, I didn't think so, obviously.
Thanks, Dog Pound!
Thanks, Dog Pound!
Okay, stop.
Okay?
Just stop the Dog Pound.
This is the only thing they have.
They know the difference between the moms
and everybody loves Raymond and...
Oh, this is weird, but...
Go to Dog Pound.
Travis, read a question, please.
Great.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be honest.
Great.
You're killing me.
Go faster.
Go faster.
How could you not...
I've been working as a waitress at a 24-hour
cafe for almost two years now.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I've never heard of it.
I've learned ways to handle potentially awkward....
That's what I do works every time.
I've learned ways to handle potentially awkward
situations like tables that are drunk
or openly fighting,
but I still haven't found a way to manage
declined credit cards
that isn't totally uncomfortable
for everyone involved.
I'd say the tactful way to say that a card
down especially for people who are obviously on dates and that's from cough
it up in Austin Texas yikes I think you know you broke no I think you just have
to make the noise that the audience collectively made and just hear me you
want to fucking explain no they don't have they know they just gave you a
piece of plastic that represents dollars like here's my card you put the card on
the table you lean in gingerly to the earth
God can you print out can you have pre-printed out like letters from the
governor like you know how to take credit cards from his bank and then he
bring it back to them with the letter like check the letter man sorry I can't
no can do all you got to do is say I think something's wrong with our
machine the cards not work it works for everyone else but you
fucking machine yeah every person on a date it worked when I spent $500 early
on candy I'm just trying to envision a circumstance of what you're out of money
but also pretty happy on your day you got candy waiting to know
no matter how else the game goes a roomful of candy you know how the data has to be
going for you to be sitting there thinking oh yeah absolutely I think so
you have picked the
I mean we've gotten shit every show which is bananas like this has been the
most exhausting day I think of all ours but also like one of the best as we keep
getting nice shit from everybody and every show we like receiving I'm
exhausted for past me audio quality is not it's not super great and apologies
this is the last one though is the last New York live show that we did at the
pit thank you the pit I wish we had done better recording the audio there's a new
live show coming up the LA live show that we recorded Jesus a month ago Jesus
yeah well like three weeks ago the end it ended the second week we'll probably
throw that up later after Justin has a child and probably won't be super funny
for a while when the child of destiny is born yes all these jokes though talking
about all these jokes has gotten me pretty hungry I would say okay so you're
not really reinventing the wheel with this live show money zone interruption
all right you go ahead tough guy guys it's time we think outside the box or
inside the box time to think outside the bun yeah and inside the box okay just
like that you're both sued those are both copyright infringements nature box
live moss nature box bought up is nature box nature box does not have fast food
inside a nature box nobody does it like Sara Lee well well that that's a little
that's a little on the nose listen you know you're looking at your diet and
you're looking at your tummy and you're saying I need to not snack as much the
snacking is killing me Roger it's like me and you say listen let's be honest
you're never gonna stop stacking some never gonna stop so maybe you swap out
the Oreos have you ever thought that maybe you need to snack more but with
good shit instead of the bad shit that you're currently eating if so you can go
to nature box they're gonna send you a box of snacks that they make healthy for
you they're they're low on sugar you know some don't have gluten in them
there's no trans fats or high fructose corn syrup it's like good stuff for your
body they're high in flavor low in guilt low in guilt high in high in flavor low
in guilt that's you are welcome take that to the bank dark cocoa almonds baked
sweet potato fries delicious peanut butter nom-noms I am I got some
chocolate quinoa granola well that sounds crazy good it's very good and
this is a weird thing but you know what I love most of why one of the things I
love a lot about an extra box they come in like individual you know resealable
packets yeah so it's really easy to just like oh I've got to run out the door I'm
gonna grab these you know barbecue sunflower kernels and take them with me
to the beach it'll last you it'll last you you get one you get a box a month
and then like that's that those snacks elast you all month live with that so
right now if you go to nature box comm you can get 50% off your first box it's
nature box comm slash my brother all one word and you can get 50% off which is a
really really good deal yeah yeah you have a snack subscription service that
you've been dying to try this is the moment tons of people have tried it from
our listener base and a lot of them have liked it all right listen I gotta be
sure you guys I don't understand this new advertiser we have I'm hoping Griffin
can explain it to me well that's because your your simple Promethean brain can't
understand the logic of computers I've been learning Prometheus the one who
brought computers to human to the people that's right now that was data that was
data from Star Trek when you travel I remember that episode time here's a fact
for you chuckle fucks coding has become the most desired job skill of 2014
whether it's HTML whether it's CSS that stands for cascading style sheets
chuckle fucks yeah I maybe know a thing or two about these subjects I've been
trying to learn it in my brain it's very difficult because I don't understand
like maths or sciences but one month is a website that will help you learn these
very very complex methods maths and sciences in a very straightforward way
for instance one month HTML is the easiest way to learn how to code to
build websites here's how it works you have 30 days roughly about a month it's
debatable but roughly the length of one month and you do 30 minutes a day and
then starting from scratch knowing nothing like you idiots do know nothing
that is you got me you got me now reel me in you will build idiot an actual
website from scratch starting from day one and you'll be welcomed into a
community of 12,000 more than 12,000 other students learning each other
helping each other touching each other it'll teach you the stuff that you need
if you're wanting to apply for a web focused job like HTML and CSS you get
video tutorials you get hands-on exercises and training and by the end of
the class you will have three projects including an online portfolio a blog
template and a landing page which is like basically everything you need in
this digital era that's amazing and if you if you already know HTML they have
other classes too for other for other stuff other coding things maybe jQuery
maybe Ruby maybe Python I have no idea I have one to teach you how to use
Facebook yeah they do rails is good they have one called Facebook for me ma's and
it teaches you the difference between a wall post and a comment and a private
message join right now at one month comm slash my brother you get 25% off Wow do
something good for yourself and for your life get it together get your shit
together and do it for 25% less than it would normally cost you by going to one
month comm slash my brother that's amazing this is not a joke I will
actually probably do this there are there's some good resources to learn how
to do this online but a lot of them aren't like super comprehensive like
they'll give you the groundwork and then sort of back off from there this one
sounds pretty thorough so I'm gonna give a give it a checkout so this next
message is for for professor will it's from Wendy's and Snickers no it's not
from Wendy's it's not from the restaurant Wendy's it's from Wendy it's
from all Wendy's no Wendy's plural not Wendy's possessive okay it's from the
Wendy's they say congratulations on completing your PhD we can now
officially call you professor meet vodka you're a wonderful husband rescue dad
and academic we are excited to be there for your next steps and hope this
message from our favorite brothers is the graduation surprise you always
dreamed of love Wendy and Snickers and I think Snickers is a pet she mentions
rescue dad it's their pet bar yeah do you just love candy so much you've
adopted candy I saved you candy unless it is the fast-food chain and the
popular candy bar coming together you've been a customer of ours for a long time
we're really proud of you professor will now enjoy this tiny hamburger rescue dad
was my favorite short-lived Saturday morning cartoon from the early 90s it's
just like a dad with a mustache and like a construction helmet and he would get
himself into thorny situations to extract children from those weird thing
you never saw his own kid he would talk about him a lot he didn't look wistfully
and no I'm a wallet no trust but trust me on this I am a dad that's why it's
not weird that I'm here at the playground or the kindergarten I've got
my own kid so it's totally good and let me let me shoot the Rhino attacking you
thank you rescue dad I got another message this one is for David me give
you a parachute David David look in my eyes we're gonna get through this
together tell me about your dad I'll tell you about my kid all right do you
trust me do you trust me my kids name is Daniel or David or something D
something D I think anyway he's 26 now jump out the window you could do this I
might do my message for David I feel like rescue dad is stepping all it
David this message is from Kristoff who says happy anniversary to my beautiful
husband it's been an amazing four years and I am looking forward to at least
four more so not to put too fine a point on it you are best husband the best
husband okay hold on you are best husband the best husband so best husband
is like a nom de plu thank you for your support and love I'm a very lucky man
to have such a loving and gorgeous husband I don't even care that you are
an adult teen baby I still love you that's no joking man it's a very serious
very serious issue we did miss this this maniversary by a couple weeks their
anniversary was June 17th so apologies but you knew what the fuck you were
getting into her when you we did it in under a month that's our cutoff yeah we
did get it in the 30-day realm so if I cut off we need the after a month you
have to change your anniversary yep leave with us your maniversary listen
I mean I'm kind of in love with that word now yeah I love me a portmanteau I
did too a portmanteau yeah for men only ladies sorry ladies you wouldn't get it
you don't understand two words anyway we got more live show so gobble it up
turkeys turkeys I am so excited for this Yahoo it was sent in by emerald member
level 13 yahoo shaman drew that it is by gap answers user bulls-cubs fan who asks
do you think the clock has sex at noon and midnight
I think I did you think about it here the big hand is on top of the little
hand so do you think at noon and night they have sex also I'm incredibly
stoned yeah I can't even ever become 69
works everybody alive if you don't put this on
you're right you know the worst part of this question is the fucking dumbest and
after we decided to put it in the show I had to sit there and think if there were
times when the hands also touched at the noon and midnight and it was it was a
crazy logic puzzle for a four-year-old
18 people in this audience are thinking about it right now no just me okay
you'll get someone down here yeah yes remember the metrics hey just put the
folks at home that's the sound of his chair scooting back he did my name is
Matt and my question is I started a new job in December and you know trying to
get my foot in the door I wrote up a real interesting cover letter where I
mentioned that I played Dungeons and Dragons and that's what got me the
interview so it's great whenever when my job started if we would somebody who
would come into the office they would be like that's that's Matt he's our
dungeon master and it was funny for a while now there's certain expectations
you know more professional people in and the joke is sort of lost its much to me
yeah my way is how you bring it back do I suck it up and just accept it or what
can I do to get a nickname I fucking need them right now do you play with the
dudes that you work with no but the guy who is looking through resumes said oh I
used to play with my older brother when I was young and that's why your resume
stood out but can I tell you something I'm sure you made the job that's it
dumb yes there are people who would be happy to have a job where everyone
I just keep it at your desk have a bunch of skulls with like candles
on top of them what's melted down over it you can be I found this working in a
lot of jobs you can be such a character at the office that they often will
forget the work part you become so essential as part of their like daily
routine things they see things they interact with you can just not do the
work did you ever dungeon master when you play D&D yeah that's that's why I
got it oh what's great is you want to play your
card so that eventually you get introduced like this so you gotta play
your guys like this you want to get it so that eventually they say this is Matt
in a really like shameful embarrassing like don't talk to me you seem to be
adventure you found me once more this is my rat don't have rats you can have
rats here was sent in by read Carpenter think you read it's by a green 33% not
bad still failing great green asks is it possible to eat a salt shaker is it
physically possibly for any human being to eat a salt shaker without assistance
like breaking it up beforehand as in actually putting a whole salt shaker in
your mouth chewing it up and swallowing do you ever wonder like when we find
these questions like what circumstance made someone go how about the fucking
coolest like business power move
we're gonna acquire your company for half the price if you ask for no you're
not okay yeah I guess you got a good point yeah can we have the I'm having
salt and there is someone in this country who is having a very great stand
off with a salt shaker I mean some guys like that won't do that I just love that
the question is not is it recommended to eat a salt shaker listen I'm not looking
to cheat by breaking it up ahead of time I know I could do that and that would be
cool can I break it with my teeth the party thinks the salt would be the worst
part all that's all wait not the glass shards of the metal top there's a dude
who like ate an airplane there's like that dude that was on Guinness and he
thought or maybe this Ripley's believe it or not and now I'm saying yeah about
two months ago I was promoted to a new position at my job I love my job and the
trust my boss has put in me but the truth is I often feel like I have no
idea what the fuck I'm doing not only do I not have any previous job experience
in this field but it's not even related to what I went to school for I started
almost completely cold I like to think I'm a fast learner and my bosses seem
happy with my work so far but I still get overwhelmed I worry about earning
the respect of my more experienced co-workers how do you deal with
imposter syndrome and that's from sheep in wolf's clothing on the darkness all
right there's only one option you know what it is right oh yeah you got a fake
you gotta pick big you gotta pick big I know I'm gonna fuck up for a while now
for a good line for two months I know everybody in the office suspected I
don't know what I'm doing I'm 12 I know I know what you're saying you look like
an adult here is this fortune-telling machine
I don't know what
good can you ask for a different job can you do that at a job you got anything
easier can I try boss boss would be cool boss is cool let's trade these I'll be
boss you'd be whatever my job is I'm not entirely sure what if the twist is like
the boss when someone asked you to do something just look at him go well how
would you do it and then when they say but I agree I'm gonna do this that's
what I was gonna say pretty much what I've been doing so thank you
can you show me one time
Susan you're a surgeon you should have said something about your beginning a
long time with many many failed surgeries again maybe because she was
robbed of so many years jumping from 12 to whatever she is now she wants to rock
others it's like dark big big big saw started with your art
what should we get a live one yeah yeah we yes
short walk so we don't need to cover anything what's going on so every
morning my breakfast at the same deli that's like right down the street from
my work goes at this sign that's like a smoothie with Red Bull and I can't
decide whether this is a great idea or the absolute worst idea so brothers I'm
really curious is it how early is too early for soda Steve how early is too
early for diarrhea
we're wearing glasses right now it's like we said five hour energy drinks
backstage before Travis literally said okay you to move that down so you know
redirect your comfort is important we were I realized at what time was it it
would have been about eight o'clock we're eating dinner I realized that like
I have been meaning to take a five-hour energy shot all night and I'm not not
not staying awake any longer than I have to today so I can't have I can't have
shows over at 11 or what-have-you and then still be awake for another two
hours because I took my five-hour energy and Travis says to me fine just take
four hours worth okay here's the thing for a long time I've always wondered if
you do half of a five-hour energy drink do you get two and a half hours of a
hundred percent energy or five hours of like 50% energy but I think that is a
really rough way to get your day started not not the not the actual effects of
it it's fucking gross it's gross it's super gross
what if you come to depend on it then it's like oh that's Steve he drinks a
Red Bull smoothie every night oh that's Steve's morning slop he has to slap that
down his his gullet or else he just can't get started
Steve's a little sweaty he didn't have his glock on his mouth. Don't talk to him, tell him about my glock.
What if that deli shuts down? You'll die.
What else is in this smoothie except Red Bull?
I think it's like strawberry, banana, and kiwi.
Why are you saying those ingredients like they're gross?
It's like kiwi, I don't know, there's definitely Red Bull in them.
That's the good part.
Some kind of fruit?
Are you supposed to put carbonated shit in?
Carbonation is by its very definition not especially smooth.
Listen, smoothies are kind of like freestyle like remixes anyway.
I've thrown celery in smoothies. What? You can do anything.
Wow, putting behind bars. A vegetable?
So what do you want me to do?
Don't do it, don't fucking do it.
You should stop other people from doing it.
Everybody scream.
You like this one?
I do like that one.
Travis likes this one so we'll do that.
Sent in by Jennifer Chee.
Thank you Jennifer.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
No.
Perfect.
No, asks.
Okay.
Did Darth Vader...
Did Darth Vader still have a penis after the accident?
Some terminology to clear up.
It wasn't really an accident.
Oh, he had the higher ground and he went for him. He got his legs done. I guess the lava was not intentional for either party.
If you're wondering, that's why he was yelling, no.
I think if they have the cybernetic parts for all of his burned out body, then I saw Bicentennial Man and they fucking perfected that shit.
Okay, wait.
What you're telling me is...
Bicentennial Man and Star Wars exist in the same universe.
Right?
But different canons.
What you're telling me is that if Darth Vader were to in one flourish remove his copies, you would see behind him a separate...
Robin Williams penis from Bicentennial Man.
Perfect one to one.
Because listen, they've perfected that technology, but they don't want to risk chopping and screwing it too much.
So you get the same model across and you can get it in a back alley.
Wait, is it the same mechanical penis?
Are you saying...
The past Apple generation.
Are you saying that in a scene where Bicentennial Man dies and the camera goes to the right, you would see Darth Vader go...
I hope somebody was taking pictures of that out of context.
That's exactly...
For those of you listening at home...
Justin stood up and very ludely pointed to his bathing suit region.
To my Bicentennial Ball.
Bicentennial Man's? Is that what I...
I'm gonna stick with Dom.
Stick with Dom.
What?
Dom Pound?
What?
Sorry.
Does Darth Vader have...
I don't think the Empire would have any use for Darth Vader.
Okay, but here's the thing.
If not, he comes up off the table.
As if he's looking at Palpatine and he's like, okay, good, ankle, knees.
What the fuck?
So I'm just gonna pee inside.
Right in the screen.
The good news is I can't drink.
But I'm just gonna pee in the suit.
All right then.
She's always so angry all the time.
I can't stop thinking about Robin Williams' penis.
Because you think about it, because we're thinking about it.
So by the end of this episode, it's just gonna be a recurring string of
referencing Robin Williams' penis and just going...
This is something I'm actively thinking about, Dom.
Because I bet...
No, hear me out.
No!
I bet it's a lot like his knuckles.
But just one.
But just one.
There wouldn't be four.
Yeah.
I don't even know more.
Is the show done?
Yeah, I think we might be done with the show.
No, never.
I'm gonna keep thinking about Robin Williams' penis all night.
Let's do another...
Do you have any more in your notebook?
What about the...
What is it?
Tuxedo one.
Oh yeah, that's a good one.
Guys, just wait.
You're gonna love this question.
Guaranteed.
It's very good.
Two years ago, I bought a tuxedo for my wedding through an online vendor.
It didn't fit right and wasn't made to be tailored.
So in desperation, I just bought a second one from the department store.
Now I own two tuxedos like I'm some kind of big shot.
I haven't had much luck selling it online.
So what can I do with a second slightly ill-fitting tuxedo?
And that's from Sartorial in San Fran.
Does anybody...
Quick poll.
Does anybody in here own a tuxedo?
There's like five.
That's not a lot of tuxedos.
Owned, though.
This is what I want to understand.
Did they not have renting tuxedos where this guy lives?
What kind of life are you living that you're like,
I'm gonna use this often enough that I need it?
I better get married in a while.
That sounds awesome.
I wish I was living here.
Not really, because I don't really like anything that I've ever been to
where I had to wear a tuxedo.
But I'm sure that you enjoy the satisfaction of design.
No judgment for me.
I think you're gonna need to wear the smaller one and hulk out.
What if he wore the smaller one underneath the bigger one?
Can you imagine the psych addict?
He has warm in here.
He's hot.
Sweat tux.
My restrictive tux.
Could you build robotics into it and make it like the...
Hey, you are backing into Robin Williams Phoenix.
No one should ever back into Robin Williams Phoenix.
This guy's really taking a beating this episode.
No, I was making...
Anything else?
I was making a super great...
Jackie Chan's the tuxedo.
Jackie Chan.
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
He has a magic tuxedo.
It's been a really long time since I've clutched it.
Can you tear one up and use it to fake disasters?
Like you walk into a room in a regular one.
You switch, come out in the destroyed one.
Like, wow, do not go in there.
Woo!
Ate Ventura.
Ate Ventura was like, tuxedo.
He goes...
It's been a weird day, you guys.
Yeah, it's been a long day.
What other movies have tuxedos?
Is there a name?
I think we should be done.
Have we given...
You're on my blood!
Take my blood, negotiator.
No tuxedos in that.
Have you ever noticed how many movies there are without tuxedos in them?
Let's name a few.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, Me.
We hope you've had a lot of fun.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you to Michael and Kevin and Ronnie, everybody from the People's Improv Theater.
They have done everything.
We are like babies that they have nurtured all day.
We have no idea what we're doing, and they kept us alive.
They are wonderful.
They have been our heroes.
Thank you so much to you fine people.
The dog pound.
Thank you so much.
And also, I enjoy your friendship.
And thank you to our wives and our dads for being supportive, being in the show.
Our sisters.
Our sisters are wonderful people.
Big thanks to SawBelt for just like, their first day of life.
On your way out the door, make sure to stop by the merch table.
We have a bunch of new merch.
Do this quick because it makes me uncomfortable.
I know.
It was made just for this show.
Eventually, it will be online for sale, but you got the first crack at it.
We got awesome patches, button packs that you guys are going to dig.
Awesome new tote bags.
Pack your bags and move away bag.
On your way out, if nothing else, grab one of these postcards.
It will give you a coupon code for 20% off if you order stuff online.
So it's really great.
Make sure you grab it.
And we'll be out there doing a real quick short meet and greet before we call it a day.
So come see us after the show.
Thanks to, I guess, DMX and Sean for all joking along with their smart theme song.
X, go and give it to you.
Chopped and screwed by a group from McElroy.
And also, it's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Thank you.
Thank you to McElroy for having us.
Thank you to New York City.
Ah, boy.
Good jokes, guys.
Just to jump in real quick, just want to remind everybody, go to Nature Box.
You can get great tasting, healthy snacks.
Get in shape for summer with healthy treats like BBQ kettle kernels.
50% off your first order.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
It's naturebox.com slash my brother.
Y'all are really going to love this closing group.
We really take it to the bridge here.
Get ready.
And that's going to do it for us.
We're going to have a final one.
Final one was sent in by Thomas Anderson.
Thank you, Thomas.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Victor who asks,
Does the hologram of Michael Jackson performing last night have a soul?
Thank you, Michael.
