The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother,
main advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm a sweet baby Griffin.
Been an exciting week here at the McElroy Ranch. I'm down fourteeth, got my wisdoms yanked,
so that's been amazing. Do you not understand that that's like
this podcast moneymaker? Like Travis and I don't know shit about fuck,
and you had all the wisdom in the world, and you gave it away just because it was for aesthetics,
because your mouth was too wide. One of them was too beautiful.
It was distracting in conversation. People couldn't focus on my ideas.
My big ideas, my big world-changing ideas. Because of your giant back teeth.
Because of your beautiful, shining, perfect back teeth, and one broken half,
so it seemed like the time. Yeah, that's a good time to do it.
Like you were just burning through your wisdom so quickly doing this show that
that was part of your wisdom tooth had to like rot and fall off because you used it up.
Mindfulness teaches us the importance of knowing when to let go of things, and for me,
that knowing when to let go of my wisdom teeth was predicated on one of them breaking in half.
Shattering. Did you go to your local Zen Center to have it removed?
Jagged stalactite of chewing. Sorry, Travis.
Did you go to your local Zen Center to have them removed?
No, I went ahead and went allopathic on this one.
What possible manner could a Zinster rip them bad boys out?
Listen, anybody can remove teeth from anybody. I'm not recommending it, I'm just saying that like
you get really centered, you focus, you focus on your breathing, pop, pop, pop, pop, teeth out.
Travis, you had a momentous week too, right?
I did. So my friends in LA are Lyft drivers, and I'm a big fan of the idea of Lyft and Uber.
So like weed delivery?
No, that would be awesome, but it is a service in which it's kind of like a crowdsourced taxi.
So you sign up to be a driver and then they kind of, it's like Uber, Lyft and Uber, big fans.
Okay, crowdsourced taxi, so it is in effect definitely usually weed delivery.
Yes. And so I said, oh, I want to try that out mostly because I was just curious about
what it was like to be a driver for them. So when I got back to Cincinnati,
I signed up for it thinking that if I like it, when I moved to Los Angeles,
I'll start doing it there.
They'll already know you.
Yes. I'll be an experience.
Lyft and Louie, the world's greatest Lyft driver.
Yes. And they'll be super impressed because my car will be so clean and I'll have the best hard
candy in my-
Traveling Trav's Gypsy Taxi.
Which is what I spray painted on the car in anticipation for this.
Yeah, you did jump the gun it seems.
Well, so what happened is, what's supposed to happen is you fill out your application and then
you click a button that says like start mentor Lyft now or something like that.
And then it contacts your mentor and then your mentor drives to you and then you drive around
and that's kind of your training session. Well, so I filled out the application.
I hadn't cleaned my car yet and I wasn't ready to go.
So I kind of stopped.
I stopped at that point.
And then my mentor called me and was like, hey, let's just set up a time.
So that way I can make sure that I'm free and available and in the area.
And I said, okay, great.
So we set up the time.
So then we met on Wednesday.
I'd scrubbed out my car.
I'd like detailed it.
I'd gone to town cleaning it.
And we met, he gets in my car and he's like, okay, great.
Now just hit the start mentor Lyft now.
And I press it and a screen pops up letting me know that I,
my application has been denied due to my driving record
while Duder is sitting in my car.
And his response was, ah, man, that sucks.
Well, your car smells like farts anyway.
So you wouldn't have passed so bye.
It was just so awkward because he started looking on his phone to find out like the FAQs
of why someone's driving record to be turned down.
And it's like, it's cool, man.
It's fine.
Please get out of my car.
It's all right.
You don't realize this, but we've reached the end of the anecdote.
So you need to move on with your life.
I would offer to drive you somewhere, but clearly that is not prudent.
I'm amazed that he stayed in the car any longer.
Once he found out about you, I know the car is sitting still,
but you are capable of some pretty wack shit behind the wheel of one of these bad boys.
Well, so then it really, my favorite part was when he said,
do you know why it would say that?
I was like, bro, I'm not just going to run through all my vehicular rampages with you.
That's very charitable.
It's like when you're at the store and your credit card gets declined,
you think it's their computers?
No, I don't think it's their computers.
You know, this card reader's really been acting up.
I'm sure it's not you.
Did you remember to activate it before?
No, now that you mentioned it.
And I cannot stress enough, I still really like the idea of Lyft and Uber.
So I'm not at all knocking them.
Because it was like, as I was sitting there going,
are you still trying to get in their good?
Do you think they did send them an email that was like,
hey, so Travis here, why was that?
I've learned a lot about myself and my body
and like how that pertains to operating a motor vehicle over the past few years.
So if you can look past all the, ah, shit, I wrecked.
Because I was emailing you while I was driving.
I wish it could be like my credit score,
where if I could say like my wife is a way better driver
and she'll be in the car with me the whole time.
Listen, Curbed and Ubo and Lyfting,
if you are listening, please, I love my brother.
If there's a criteria that is more important to you
than has good driving record, I can't imagine what it could be.
Please don't let him smooth talk you into this.
I'm just saying that, you know what I provide?
You know what I provide as a Lyft driver, Justin?
An experience.
Oh God, that's not what anybody wants.
That's what people play.
Crazy taxi all the time.
Yeah.
They fucking played that level in Die Hard 3
where you drove around the taxi,
which I think was the whole game actually.
Jesus Christ.
No, it's one third of the game.
Cause there was also, nevermind.
No, that was a Die Hard trilogy game.
But listen, but listen, nobody wants an experience in an Uber.
They want absolute silence until they arrive at their destination.
They don't want to get creeped on.
Give them a hard candy.
Don't fist them at all.
I always get the feeling in Uber
because often they pull up in such nice cars.
I always get the feeling in Uber that the guy is like mid party.
Like he just took someone cool to a party place
and he has to do that again later,
but he has time to work me in to take me to Shake Shack.
Does it smell like Brad Pitt back there?
It should.
And there's a reason.
A good reason.
Maybe I like to, I prefer to think that he was mid drive with Brad Pitt
and said, oh shit, I got an Uber request.
Hop out.
You gotta get out, Pitt.
I'll swing back around.
I don't know.
Pop out, Bradley.
I'll circle back around in BD.
Let's help people.
Recently, I didn't do anything this week.
Recently, servers at a fast food chain I eat at regularly
are starting to recognize me and know what I will order.
Oh, boys.
Is this a hint that I should back out?
Should I start going to another restaurant?
It's not that I don't enjoy being noticed,
but eating at a single establishment
so much that various workers who work different shifts
know you and your food preferences,
yet not even your own name seems like an easy way
to a dangerous place.
Should I take my lunches elsewhere?
That's from Nervous in Newport.
I don't ever remember on the show Cheers
when Norm would walk in and everyone would yell Norm
and he would go, maybe I should start going somewhere else.
This is not a norm.
What they're yelling is Filet-O-Fish meal.
That's a stigma that I think is really unfair
because how is that different from going to a local diner
and they know you're going to get the BLT?
Just because it's McDonald's, like, okay, great.
You like McDonald's.
Don't change your preference
just because you're afraid people will judge you.
That's not a good way to live your life.
That's not a healthy-
Travis, you sound like the-
If you like the fucking Filet-O-Fish,
then get the fucking Filet-O-Fish.
You sound like the fat head guy right now.
You sound like the guy from the hit documentary Fathead
that sought to discredit,
supersize me in everything that I did.
Where you're just like, eat what you want.
It is America and it's freedom.
And I guess it's true.
I guess it is America and I guess it is freedom.
But if you only eat Filet-O-Fish, you're going to die.
You don't say he only eats Filet-O-Fish.
That's what he has for lunch.
Travis, Travis, Travis, you're going to die.
You're gonna die.
Welcome to McDonald's.
We got frozen meat.
Apple pies.
Yeah, I guess McRib is back,
but you're not gonna be.
You're gonna die.
Don't do this.
I will say, okay, let me addendum.
Maybe vary it up.
Doesn't mean you have to stop going there,
but maybe only go there like once a week
or try something different or go there once,
you know, twice every two weeks, something like that.
But maybe it just means that it's time
for a little bit more variety in your life.
I don't think that means you got to feel bad
about wanting to eat there and wanting to have that food.
I wouldn't.
But like maybe change it up.
Okay, I don't under, two points.
One, I've always wanted to have that at,
like in my hometown, I live in a small town.
You would think there'd be places that I could go
where people would say like, hey, it's the J-Man.
How are you?
Do you want the usual?
Hey Hoopster.
Hey Hoops.
That happens at my local pita pit, I guess.
There's probably other places now that I think of it,
but not every place.
I want it universal.
Secondly, why are you going inside a fast food restaurant?
I know we've talked about this before.
It's an old chestnut.
I don't understand why you're not just going
through the drive-through.
Maybe you could do that if you want to keep
your filet-o-fish schedule because you have
obsessive compulsive disorder.
If you need 131, oh Jesus, 131, I need my crunch.
Maybe you could just go through the drive-through
like an adult.
You know what sucks though?
You know what really puts me off?
It's not just the food that you're eating
that's killing you from the inside out,
like a parasite.
It's that they don't know your name.
You're in a relationship with this McDonald's
or this, can we say Arby's?
It's just a funnier name.
You're in a relationship with this Arby's.
We have the weirdest sponsorship deal with them.
And like you, they don't give a shit about you.
They just want to force feed their floppy,
sloppy meats down your throat and then get
your money in return for it.
And the fact that they know what kind of meat
you like but not your name, man, they just,
they're not going to put in the effort.
They don't love you like you know.
They're just streamlining the process and saying
like, okay, great, go ahead and start an Arby's McRib
tickler, whatever.
And that way you can just go ahead and like
get your meal faster and be done with the exchange.
Now the Arby's McRib tickler, that's the Arby's sandwich.
With peanut butter on it.
But it has like a stick in it,
like one of those joke popsicle sticks.
Uh-huh, correct.
Because it just, it makes you like wait one more
second for the sandwich.
And that hesitation is what makes it so delicious.
That sweet orgasmic moment.
It's so right.
You're in a bad relationship.
You need to get out of this relationship.
You need to get out.
You need to get yourself a new man.
Strong, strong, proud black man who's going to treat
you like the queen you are.
And that is not this Arby's.
That's clearly, yeah.
Is there a new fast food restaurant?
Can you guys think of like,
have you guys heard of that new hot fast food restaurant
that just hit the scene?
And it's really taken charge.
That new fast food enterprise business that is really
just like hit the scene in 2000, late 2012.
And it's just like fucking growing rapidly.
Nope.
It's just pretty much, pretty much just Subway and BK,
Taco Bell, Donald's Jack in the Box.
No, here's what you gotta get.
This is one of the great things about fast food
is where you gotta catch them is that every once in a while
a restaurant will get into their marketing groove of
we're not bullshit anymore.
Like, remember how Domino's, Domino's is like,
hey, listen, we've been bullshit for a long time
and our new thing is we're going to try.
We're actually gonna like make a product.
Carl's Jr. is like, we're doing Angus now.
Get on board.
Well, the Angus revolution hit a lot of different places.
And I feel like the growth wasn't that hard.
I feel like McDonald's even like put their foot down.
Like, no, no Angus.
The line must be drawn here.
We're gonna use the same like earthworm shit
that you idiots have been guzzling down.
All right.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah.
We need to pick up the pace on these shows.
I feel like we spend too long on questions.
That was a deep well.
There was a lot of comedy in there.
We hit the advice nug and then we like sit on that nug
for a long time.
Yeah.
This Yahoo was-
They fixed that in editing.
Our producer fixed that in editing.
Yeah.
Thanks, Jerry.
Thanks, Scott.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, shit.
Is this thanks, Jerry or Scott?
We should have fucking put in the effort.
This one was sent in by-
I'm Scott and Jerry.
I'm Scott and Jerry Paulson.
Are you eating right now?
Or is that just the sound your gums make now?
Your bloated ruined gums.
It's just flappy slappy holes in there.
No, I made some-
I got a-
For Father's Day, I got a donut maker from my mother-in-law
who apparently wants me to celebrate Father's Day
by not being around so long.
Yeah.
And so you decided the perfect time to consume said donuts
was when you were six inches away from a microphone.
Well, listen, I didn't know you guys were going to say
all that funny stuff about Scott and Jerry.
Justin, are you waiting?
Are you listening to this podcast while performing it?
Listening for pregnant pauses in which to sneak tiny hidden
kisses into your donut?
Here's the other thing that is occurring to me
is that I did take that opioid about 20 minutes ago.
Oh no.
So I think the show is starting to turn on that axis.
You riding the lightning right now.
You're riding the dragon.
The dragon made of lightning.
Remember when I compared fast food chains
to strong proud black men?
That may be, I think at that point, the worm I have turned.
Yeah.
Let us continue.
Sorry, Scott and Jerry.
That's kind of making a lot of work for me.
Yeah.
He's really earning his paycheck this week.
Is Yahoo sent by a diamond member level 150 shaman
of Yahoo's Drew Davenport?
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Michael, who asks,
is there anything I should know about before going
to a nudist resort with family and friends?
I'm 13 and my friend and his family are nudists.
When I'm at his house, I strip down.
So I'm perfectly comfortable with being
around other people in the buff.
My family aren't nudists, but they invited us to go
to a resort with them and we all agreed.
It will be me, my dad, my mom and my younger brother.
He's nine if that provides help.
I've read the official rules online,
but I want to know about the social etiquette there.
Now I thought a nudist resort or a nudist colony
would go like outback steakhouse style of no rules just right.
But apparently there are boundaries that exist.
Okay, and I want to be really careful here.
Like, hey, if you're a nudist, that's totally cool.
Like that's your deal and I'm not going to judge you for that.
It is weird to me.
Do you think there are nudists that listen to our podcast?
Yeah, all they've got is a smile and a pair of headphones
and I respect them.
They don't even have the headphones.
It's just like everything.
There's a rich subculture with rules that we'll never
be able to understand or be respectful towards
in the context of our show.
We can respect them.
I don't think anything's wrong with this.
I'm just, and maybe this is like anathema to those people,
but I feel like the idea of the nudist camp I'm into.
Oh yeah, I'm way into that.
Yeah, and I'm sure it's just hard bodies.
Just sexiest hard bodies as far as the eye can see.
Here's the thing.
You kind of lose me with the kid angle.
Yeah, I feel like a nine year old.
What's that thing that the Amish do where like you hit
a certain age and you go off into the world
for like a couple of months.
Rummikub, bagging, something like that.
I feel like that should happen once you pass age 10
to like age 18.
Those eight years, you're not allowed to be there.
Yeah, oh no, because you're going to be leaking fluids
that you or I don't understand.
Yeah, it should be like once you get old enough to realize
that this is like a strange thing,
you're not allowed there anymore.
Until you get to a point where like,
I've seen this in other contexts.
If you are old enough to where you don't drop your pants
around your ankles at the urinal,
if you're older than that, I feel like you can't be there.
It's a certain level of awareness, right?
Like, oh, now I'm suddenly aware,
but not comfortable enough.
You know what, that's exactly it, Travis.
But sometimes when a kid does that at the urinal,
I feel like it's a power play.
Oh, it's the biggest power play.
That's where we lost it.
Like the moment I stopped doing that is the moment
I let go of something primal and savage in myself
that connected me to Gaia.
I feel like the moment I stopped dropping trowel completely.
And like, just to pee at the urinal.
Your primal scream to the sky as you pee in the urinal.
And you know what the problem is?
For me, I would do it.
You know me, I don't have anything to hide down there.
Right, and you don't have anything.
I don't have anything in my zone.
It's not even smooth like a Kindle.
It's just negative space.
You look and it's like your eyes drift to the right.
You can't look directly at it.
Chest, belly, you get a little bit of hip bones poking out
and then there's nothing.
Like, I'm like Rayman down there.
Just like my legs connect through some mysterious magic.
Anyway, I would do it, but bathroom floors are so dirty
and I don't want my pants butt to touch that.
True.
If your pants butt gets wet from the floor,
the wetness on the floor, you're done.
You gotta stay in that bathroom forever.
You have to leave those pants there.
The image that I can't get out of my head
because it's incredibly funny to me
is this 13 year old dude rolling up to his friend's house
walking in the door and just like,
finally I'm free.
Been a hard day at the old salt mines.
Doris, you got any cupcakes?
Naked Doris, my friend's naked mom.
Did you make cupcakes for us?
For the last time, Steven, we're not nudists.
You walked in on us having sex once.
One time.
That's cool.
That's cool.
These ants on a log sort of a public thing
or you save these for a private snack?
Get out of our house.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
That's how Matthew McConaughey met me.
This is the best how I spent my summer vacation report
I've ever read, Mr. Macaron.
And in closing, I'm Mark Twain
and that's the last thing I ever wrote.
And now I die.
So please sign up for my Patreon.
This may be a contentious statement,
but I think if your family agrees to go on a journey
with this other family that will involve your whole family,
getting their dicks and their vaginas out,
then they are in fact nudists.
They have crossed the Rubicon, the nudicon.
Yeah, I don't think there is a partial nudist.
I'm gonna dip into it publicly for a weekend at this resort
and just see how I feel.
And I know we're talking, I know it's a complex subject
and I'm sure that we are frustrating a lot of people right now
because you can like be into it for like a week
and then hop out and say like, well, it's just not for us.
There's probably a lot more to that lifestyle
than just like, oh, these people are naked.
Cool, cool, cool.
There's a lot more to it than that, I'm sure.
But like, I don't know, man.
I think about like, that is not something
that I think I would ever do
unless I was like fully into the lifestyle.
I don't know, maybe I should go full 30 days.
Maybe you should be nude at home first
and then invite like one friend over.
I don't even do that.
I can't be nude by myself because the cat's here.
And he'll judge you.
Sometimes when my dog watches me poop,
I know she's judging me.
There is a moment that I wish I could be there
for at nudist camp and that is you drive there
with clothes on and then you park
and you get your key to your room.
When does everyone sort of look at each other
and say like, well, I guess now we should take our clothes off.
Especially if it's your first time and you don't know
and it's like general knowledge
that like you get undressed in your room and come out
and like the front desk isn't cool
with just naked people walking in,
but you don't know that because it's your first time.
So you're sitting in the car doing that awkward,
like we're not gonna get out of the car,
get naked, we're gonna do it here in the seat.
I'm sure there's like a prison processing room
where they take all their clothes.
All their clothes with the lousing powder and everything.
Sydney and I went to a murder mystery weekend last year.
I'm worried about this story.
No, no, no, hanging with me.
We went to a murder mystery weekend last year.
We've been a few times since then.
Scraps went with us one last year.
It was a lot of fun.
But our first time, you go in character,
you have your costume, you have your old backstory.
So we did the first two nights
and then the last day you show up to find out who killed who.
We always solve it.
So there's Rob some of the drama,
but we showed up in costume, in character
and found out once we arrived there
that on Sunday morning, nobody's in costume
or character anymore.
So like all bets are off.
I tell this story as a way of illustrating
that something like that would almost certainly happen
in a nudist camp.
And that's what genuinely terrifies me about it.
There would be some thing where no,
we're never naked for this.
We're not naked for the church service.
This is church.
This is church.
You can't take communion.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, you perverts.
You, are you genuinely right now naked
on cinnamon roll Saturday?
You know that's the one time none of us get naked
because it's so sticky.
Did you not read the welcome pamphlet?
It's the one day.
That's the one stickiest day.
One sticky day that we don't get naked
and it's counterintuitive
because otherwise we could just go down to the sex host
and blast off after we get sticky.
Do you think there's a possibility
that this 13 year old boy's family does not know
that they are going to prison camp?
No.
That it's like, hey, mom and dad,
the Stevens invited us to a weekend vacation with them.
Oh, and you're thinking they discover when they get
that you're making kind of a Jim Belushi movie now.
Yeah, it's like, hey, hey son,
why are there so many dicks and balls everywhere?
Where's the balls come from?
Why am balls?
This summer, Brian Cranston falls from grace
in his new movie, OOPS! Red and Nudist Camp.
And I took my whole family-
OOPS! Balls!
Wayne Zelinsky is back in Honey, No One's Wearing Clothes.
Honey, I blew up my-
I blew up my spot.
How about another question?
What if Brian Cranston took over for Rick Moranis
in the role of Wayne Zelinsky in a-
I would watch that so fucking hard.
Of Honey, I Shove the Kids.
The third actor after Peter Scoleri to play the role.
Who did an excellent job.
Doesn't get enough attention for that role.
You know what?
He really captured the Wayne Zelinsky spirit.
Really did great.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, read a question.
You're going ahead.
Oh, I do this.
Okay.
What if this episode becomes everybody's favorite
and I have to keep-
Doing Kyra Kojo?
I have to keep taking opiates.
I don't know if I can get behind that.
Do you want me to read the question, Bubby?
This is our behind the music, isn't it?
So a while ago, I got a large TV to put
in the living room in my apartment
so my roommates and I could enjoy hosting people
for movie nights and such.
One of my roommates is a mechanic
and while fixing an engine,
the living room started to fill up with engine parts.
So because I did not expect to do much hosting
while the living room was a mess,
I moved the TV up to my room.
Now the engine is fixed, the living room is clear,
but I've gotten used to having a big TV in my room.
Yeah, it's nice.
Yeah, it's right.
Should I give up having such a nice luxury item
in my bedroom and return the TV
to the public area or should I revel in my greed
and hoard it up for myself?
And that's from TV hoarder on the Illinois border
who judging from his name has already made his choice.
What are the other people in the house even do now?
Do they just like draw a picture of a TV on the wall
and they just like stare at it and sigh?
They paint.
They have conversations with each other
and read fine novels.
No.
No, they really embrace life to its fullest
and they don't engage in distraction behavior
or they sit quietly and hate you
for taking away the TV box every time they look at you.
He's the one with the glowy screen.
I mean, I would do it just because like,
I mean, I get in pretty unhealthy patterns
of watching TV for a day, like all of it,
like from the moment I wake until the moment I reach
my sweet slumbers.
Oh my God.
We discovered that there's a surprise,
you know, I did not know this,
but there's a surprising amount of TV on YouTube.
Oh yeah.
And you can look up like, especially international stuff.
Sydney and I accidentally discovered
that all of the Canadian version of Shark Tank,
which is called Dragon's Den,
as it is most of the world is on YouTube.
Except for America where we do not fear dragons.
We don't fear dragons.
We conquer them.
We conquer the dragons.
So now we have shocks.
But yeah, there's like eight seasons
of Dragon's Den on YouTube.
And apparently there's a lot more where that came from.
So that has been a problematic situation for us
knowing that there's fresh, fresh Dragon's Den.
Right.
I wanna address a bigger problem here,
which is why the fuck did your roommate bring engine parts
in your goddamn living room?
Yeah, it's where you live.
It's not where you engine.
You wouldn't say like my roommate is a veterinarian,
so he's neutering cats here.
No, he's expressing anal glands in the kitchen.
Tell him to keep that shit outside where engines blow.
Where they go.
It's outside exclusively.
And then you would never take the TV box away.
What I was saying before is like,
I'll watch TV in an unhealthy way,
but as long as I'm doing it with my wife,
then it's an activity and not a vice.
Well, there's also something like,
until I moved in with Teresa,
I always had a TV in my bedroom,
and she is not a fan of that.
At first, that was really off-putting to me,
but now it's kind of nice because for the times,
like when we get sick or one of us is ill
and we move the TV into the bedroom,
it really does become an anchor.
Oh, yeah.
Keeps you in bed or brings you to bed early
and you don't really do a lot of shit.
At least in the living room, you do more stuff.
Like I can work on the computer while the TV's on,
or I feel like at least I'm sitting up or walking around.
What about the terrifying-
What if the darkness creeps up on you
while you're in your bedroom
and you're trying to get dressed?
What do you do then?
I sing a little song to myself
about how lucky I am to be alive.
How's that go?
How's that song go?
Thank God I'm not dead
because the world would be empty without me.
Okay.
It usually kind of then devolves from there
into how awesome I am.
About how great you are, yeah, sure.
Boy, I think we're all pretty lucky.
Trios is still kicking.
I just assume everyone sings a song like that.
Thank you, God, for Travis.
Where would I be without-
He's the sun in the sky and the stars at night
who guides me home on the choppy seas.
Thank Jesus for Travis.
Travis is Jesus.
And then it just kind of keeps going.
Thank Travis for Travis, his all-seeing power.
Thank Travis for Travis.
People don't write enough hymns about themselves, you know?
Oh, but up to the first stanza of hymn 341.
Thank Travis for Travis and Travis is Travis.
Our hearts are all Travis and brains are Travis too.
Third stanza.
Oh, man.
I need some thank Travis for Travis propaganda posters.
You know, Travis, I feel like there's been this narrative
among some of our listenership that you don't get the respect
that you deserve on this show.
So I'm all about, I don't know, canonizing you.
I also want to point out one of the reasons that happens is
I don't really need it.
I take care of that on my own.
The other thing is that a little bit of that on Travis
goes quite a long way.
So visit travismacaroy.com for all your Travis Macaroy needs.
Let's go to the Money Zone.
Yeah, yeah.
Is it Money Zone time already?
You've had so much fun.
Boys, I want to tell you about your face.
Please do.
You're not boys anymore.
You're not old children.
You're men.
And as men, you need to start taking care of the gift
that God gave you, your visage and your your shavables.
We're going to help you out with that by telling you
about harrys.com.
Now, I also want to make I want to make one more thing clear
before we move on, Justin.
Men are not the only human beings that shave.
Yeah, women also have shavables.
I know they shave their shavables.
You didn't even let me finish.
I was talking to you first and then I was going to branch out
from there.
How come the men got to go first?
How come the men got to go first?
Because I was talking to you.
Just talk about us as mammals with hair on our bodies.
I have two brothers.
I don't have any sisters.
You have two humans.
To my siblings who can shave whatever the hell they want to,
I want to tell you about harrys.com.
I've been waiting for permission from you for so long
to get my toes did.
Buying razors sucks.
Razors are really expensive.
They keep them behind glass.
They treat you like a criminal.
If you buy them, you have to come over and they'll unlock them
for you.
They're in a clamshell and they cost $100,000 and they're the
worst.
Why do they protect?
Like that's yeah, there are other things in this Walgreens
that could kill people with way, way, way easier.
Is that it?
But you know why?
Because they're so expensive.
Like $45.
But Harry's is going to give you a better shape of experience
for a fraction of the price.
They got these great German engineered blades.
They sent us some and they were great.
I had a great shave with them.
It actually, no kidding, got me off of I had been using safety
razors.
I've been doing wet shaving.
It actually got me off of that because I was enjoying the
Harry's experience so much.
And not only did they give you a great shape, they look really
classy.
Yeah, they do.
They have some really good looking blades.
And it's the kind of thing where anybody like who's in your
bathroom, snooping through your stuff and finds out it's going
to be like, oh, I bet this is a really expensive razor.
Then they'll probably steal it because you have shitty friends.
But it looks really nice.
And doesn't it all look like the cheap razors you buy at the
store that cost you $45 for a package?
Nicely weighted.
For $15, you're going to get a box that includes a handle,
three blades, and shave cream shipped to your door.
That is less than like a refill of just safety blades.
And one of the co-founders is the guy that started Warby
Parker.
Oh, shit.
That dude's taking over.
Yeah.
So he's blowing up.
He's a rich guy.
Go give him more of your money by ordering online.
It's super easy.
Just go to harrys.com and you're going to use the promo
code, my brother, all one word.
And they're going to give you $5 off your first purchase.
So that's a crazy deal.
That's $10.
So for that basic kit.
So I'm still using the shaving cream, by the way.
It's great.
Very luxurious.
I mean, I'm using the other stuff too, but I'm still on
that initial tube of shaving cream.
It lasts quite a while.
Does it have a scent?
Not overpowering.
It's just sort of a general.
Just clean.
I would say unisex.
I would say a man or woman could use it.
Fresh.
Freshness.
And I'm a bearded gentleman, but I still use it on my neck
and the back of my neck.
And my wife used the razor as well, and she's a big fan.
So go check it out.
If you're looking for a new, affordable, classy shaving
experience, go to harrys.com.
And use the coupon code, my brother.
As long as you're upgrading your life, why not upgrade your
finances too?
Go to simple.com.
It's the way banking should be.
They're rebuilding banking from the ground up.
There's no minimum balance.
There's no monthly fee.
There's no overdraft charge.
And there are 55,000 fee-free ATMs.
And they have photo check deposit.
I'm a simple customer.
I signed up.
It is really, really an easy way to manage.
Like, just this week, I didn't have to go to the bank because
I took pictures of my checks.
And then once the checks were, like, deposited, I actually got
a push notification telling me that they were in there.
Can I ask you a question real quick?
Without the minimum balance and the monthly fees and the
overdraft charges and the ATM charges, how do they fuck me?
Hey, here's the crazy thing about it.
They don't fuck you.
How about that?
Huh?
That's yeah, but like, how do they operate?
Cause it's like, if you give me an option on like, on the app
that you can select, fuck me.
Yeah.
Cause like, if you give me $5, right.
And then you say, yo G man, need that $5 back.
And I just give you $5 back.
I didn't get anything.
Right.
So they, it's complicated, but interest is involved.
I bet.
I don't know.
It's a real bank though.
They're FDIC insured and they don't sell your data and stuff.
I would almost trust.
It's weird that I am having a hard time trusting it because
they don't want to fuck me every day, every moment of my life
for like half the shit that I have.
The, uh, the other cool thing about it is if you have
spending goals, Sydney and I are saving up for a down payment
on a house and we tell simple how much we want to save and
where we want to get to.
And it'll actually automatically save that much and tell us how
much we can spend to stay on track.
So it's a bank that's like not actively trying to fuck you,
which is heartbreakingly revolutionary.
And that was the original tagline, but they couldn't get
past the sensors and also Obama.
So simple.com slash my brother.
You can, uh, uh, fix your shit.
I got a message.
Uh, I don't make me say it for big daddy Hoffman.
What was that accent?
For big daddy.
Okay.
Big daddy's got to get his piece of the pie.
Okay.
Elizabeth Taylor and kind of hot.
Yeah.
Kind of, uh, we got to celebrate big daddy.
Hoffman is from Eric.
Can you do anything?
Eric.
Okay.
Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric says he needs to get his piece of the
pie to smaller piece for a smaller name.
Um, Eric says to big daddy Hoffman.
Happy birthday, big guy.
Although you're just one malpractice suit away from
losing your license and you probably should have become a
cobbler or a dog cobbler.
Instead, people and dogs love shoes.
It says in this message, it feels like this guy is trying
to push his like his agenda on his cobbling agenda.
Yeah.
For dogs, dog cobbler.
Um, it's been great having a doctor friend to buy drugs from
is dog cobbling a viable career choice.
What I really mean to say is I miss my dad and then it gets
cut off here.
What it says.
100 years.
You ran out of characters.
100 years choices.
Happy birthday, big daddy Hoffman.
Um, listen, big daddy Hoffman.
We're very proud of you.
Uh, please don't sell drugs to your friends who will then brag
about it on, uh, on this radio.
Something big daddy would do now to get a little bit of
something on the side joke that Eric is making.
Yeah, you're gonna have a you're gonna have a sore throat.
Travy, if you keep that up, no, it actually is loosening up a
lot of the flim in there.
Gross.
I have another message.
Oh, happy birthday, big daddy Hoffman.
Um, your friend, Eric, sounds like he might not be the best
influence on you.
Real choice friend there.
Got another message for Ruth from Brent.
You want to do anything fun with that traveling like a
different Ruth friend.
Okay.
I said it with a smile.
Can you hear the difference here?
Okay.
Ruth.
That's a frown.
This is with a smile.
Ruth.
Yeah.
It can start the intonation changes.
Can you do it with like a like a really sad frown?
Ruth.
Yeah.
I'm Ruth.
That's how you sound, Ruth.
Happy birthday, Ruth.
Why do you sound so sad all the time?
Hope you have an excellent year in which you discover how Babby
is formed.
Maybe you'll also have adventures in which you learn
exciting things like the fact that dolphins are not mammals
and the dark truth about Canada.
I better stop before the brothers segue to horses, ghosts
or ghost horses.
Much love, Brent.
You know, we haven't talked about in a while.
Dolphin.
Dolphins.
Dolphins.
What's up with those things?
It's pronounced do fan.
Are they do fan?
Are they fish?
The horse.
There is a fish called the dolphin and is delicious.
That's confusing, right?
I remember being a little kid and they had dolphin and I was
eating it.
I had this really like smug, shitty eating grin on my face.
Like, take this, you adorable bitches.
And then someone told me it was a fish and not the mammal.
Why would they name two things dolphin?
Ruth, we're very happy for you.
Sounds like you got a big ear out of you.
Yeah, it also kind of sounds like you're 12.
Why?
Well, cause she's going to learn how, how Babies are made
and she's probably about dolphins.
She's pregnant.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Oh, she's fucking dullard.
I don't think she's about to go into sixth grade where they
have like sex ed and also dolphins.
And Canada class.
You learn your times tables.
You go to Canada class and then you learn how sex works.
I don't think that's true, Travis.
I think when you've been to that new club sex works, hi,
my name is Ruchika Sherway.
And I have a podcast called song explorer.
In each episode, a musician takes apart one of their songs
and piece by piece tells you the story of how it was made.
You get an inside look into the creative and technical process
and a unique view of a song by hearing just the drums
or just the guitars or say just a world.
It's a piano.
If you're a fan of music, if you make music, or if you just like to learn how things are made,
come check it out on maximum fun.org.
Thanks.
Y'all want to Yahoo?
Yeah, I guess I do.
I guess I always did.
This Yahoo was sent in by John.
Then I had a lot of growing up to do.
Yeah.
But the magic was in you all along.
It wasn't in the question.
That's been the Wonder Years series finale.
Thank you.
Good night.
Sent in by John Severs or Severs.
What if at the end of the Wonder Years, the camera panned back
and it revealed that it was not an older version of Kevin,
but rather an older man that had been following him around for six years.
The camera just pulled back one like just six inches
to show Daniel Stern there looming by the entire time.
And then the last shot is just him stabbing him.
The end, the end of the show.
And you've been talking behind this kid's back for six years.
Good show.
Those, yeah, wonderful, wonderful years.
Did you guys watch Wonderful Years?
John Severs or Severs sent this in.
Thank you, John.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Todd Blown, who asks,
why does Domino's need to do a quality check on their pizza?
I ordered a pizza from Domino's online and they gave me an up to the minute report
of what they were doing.
Order placed, prep, bake, quality check, and delivery.
Well, it's kind of nice to get immediate feedback of just where my order is in the process,
but I wonder, what is the quality check stage?
After they bake it and before they deliver,
do they really do a quality check on the pizza?
This is actually a really good question.
It's an amazing question.
It's a really fantastic question.
What I love about this is that Tony's saying like,
let's be honest, guys, I'm just going to shove it in my face.
Well, no, it's not just that.
It's like, I've never worked in a pizza place.
It might only like, I guess I worked concessions at a theater.
It doesn't really count.
I did work at a yogurt place.
I mean, frozen yogurt.
And it was, I became like a fucking cog in the machine.
If somebody would be like, I want vanilla with the sprinkle, dinkle, tink, tink.
And then I would like put all that shit on it without thinking.
And then it would be the same every fucking time.
How much variation is there on these Domino pizzas,
which I imagine is an even like more mindless process.
Like it is just a assembly line that like,
you need somebody to like scope out each pizza and be like,
oh, you forgot to put sauce on this one.
How the fuck did you forget to do that?
Quality check.
This pizza is upside down.
That's not going to fly.
Much more likely is they have to have something on the pizza tracker
and they don't want to have like arguing over who's going to drive it to you.
Jim takes a smoke break.
Yeah, we put the thing on the little conveyor belt
and we go smoke of the fattest blunt.
And we are going to drive to your house.
There was-
Jim scratches himself and then debates whether to wash hands.
Jim sneaks off to the break room to study for his GED
because he's finally busting out of this joint
and he's going to make something of himself and start a new life.
There's no room for that.
I'm just hungry.
I, on the pizza track, speaking of, speaking of which,
on the pizza tracker at Domino's,
it not only says what activity is being performed on your za-
It says who does it.
It says who does it.
And we got into, when we were, when that first started,
we noticed when like we would have friends over
and we'd order some Domino's,
that it was always a guy named Daniel that made the pizzas.
Oh, pizza Daniel.
Pizza Daniel, as we referred to him.
Yeah, so pizza Daniel, I had some friends.
This was like literally mid-
Whenever Domino's decided to stop sucking.
So like four or five years ago,
we ordered Domino's last weekend
and who should be preparing the pie?
But pizza Daniel.
Daniel, if you're listening, you're doing a great job.
I just need you to like advance in the org.
I feel like-
No, hold on, what if this is like an undercover boss thing
where Daniel now owns, his last name is Domino,
like Daniel Domino, but he still comes back
because he cares about you
because you gave him his start in the pizza industry
and he's like, did Justin order a pizza?
I got this.
I got this one.
Listen, I'm gonna see, I make bank,
but if my boy J-Man needs him a slice, I will do-
I know how he like it.
That's probably not how it actually happened.
He do know how I like it, to be fair.
Daniel do know how he like it.
I think he's stuck underneath that crust ceiling
and I think he needs to bust through it.
I think you're being an enabler, Justin.
Although I do love like,
I remember every time I would come over
and we would order Domino's at your place
and we were usually doing something else
like playing board games or something like that.
You would load up that pizza tracker screen
and you would turn it towards to face all of us
like it was the fucking scoreboard
at a fucking football game.
Or like a countdown for a nuclear launch.
Yeah, and we would get like really nervous.
Like it's been in quality check for like five minutes.
What could the fucking possible issue be?
You know, it's funny, it's funny.
You always see them in quality check.
You never see one get bumped back though.
They don't update, start it over.
Start it over, it was not good.
Had odd number of pepperonis, would not pass.
Was bad pizza.
Trying new.
There's a secret spot on the tracker line
right behind quality check
that just says trying harder.
Look deep within ourself and realize wasn't our best.
Sometimes they'll go back to quality check
and then get bumped back again.
And it's like, we are just not on our game today.
Please forgive.
Somebody grilled it.
Where the fuck did they even find a grill?
Forgot to bake it.
Forgot to bake.
Forgot to bake.
Made pizza soup.
Mildly poisoned.
I'm 25 and I have a small tight group of friends.
You're the worst, you're the worst man.
And my sister.
I used to say when I get married,
my best friend from high school would be my maid of honor,
but lately we haven't been best friends.
She now only calls my sister to hang out
and I only see her if we're all together.
I also am becoming closer with other friends.
I'm getting married and I don't know
if she still expects to be my maid of honor,
but I no longer want her to be.
Should I talk to her about this
or just make the decision?
Thanks so much.
I'm a new listener and I've got a lot of episodes
to catch up on, but I love the show.
That's from Fighting Friends in Philly.
There is easy, easy answer for this.
Okay, I'll see if we agree
because you've been through this more recently.
What do you think?
Okay, Justin, write your answer down on a piece of paper.
Well, no, it's not something I personally went through
because I don't think there was any question
for who it would be.
We had that triangle solution figured out
pretty far in advance.
And it took a lot of the legwork out of it.
But there is some similar level to this
in terms of who you invite,
who you include in your bridal party.
And I will say this, if you have a friend
who you are no longer super, super close with,
that friend is probably also cognizant of that distance.
And if you ask them to be your maid of honor,
it is going to put them in a genuinely
super, super weird position.
You know what I mean?
Where you say, we don't talk anymore,
but I want you to be my maid of honor
because of some arbitrary pact we made when we were 15.
That's going to make them feel very uncomfortable.
That's the thing.
Sometimes you're kind of putting the cart before the horse
because this should be one of those moments
where it's not an opportunity for you
to rekindle a friendship.
It should reflect where you're at in your life
and who you would want in that position.
So it should be exactly who you want.
The fact that you are not choosing her
is a statement on where your relationship is at,
but now is not the time to try to repair it.
You should put who you'd feel most comfortable with there.
I mean, that's the honest reflection of your relationship.
I really feel like there's a statute of limitations
on that kind of discussion and promise.
Kids who pretended marriages when they were eight
and had their best friends be their maid of honor,
I don't think that best friend is rolling up at 28
going, you picked your sister?
But we had a deal.
I feel like if you haven't talked about it in the last year,
she probably isn't thinking about it either.
Or if she is, it's like,
oh, I remember when we talked about that once.
Man, I haven't seen her in forever.
But if you're getting married at 27
and you made somebody a promise at 21,
Jacob Dunkel, that maybe they would be included
in a special way on your special day, Jacob Dunkel,
promises were made on the river that night
that apparently I'm the only one that remembers.
Um, does she actually say that her sister
would be the maid of honor
should she not choose the best friend?
Is that-
No, she does say she's becoming closer with other friends.
Yeah, you know what, honestly,
and this is kind of pragmatic of me,
but like, I say have your sister do it
just because you're gonna keep knowing your sister
and you're never gonna regret that.
And it sounds like you're not like,
like, great with friendships right now
at this point in your life.
And maybe you just-
It's kind of a rebuilding year for friendships.
Yeah, it sounds like you're kind of a rebuilding year.
Maybe just stick with the one relationship
that you are gonna continue to have.
Because the other side of that is
if you don't have a clear front runner
for your maid of honor or matron of honor,
best man or whatever-
Then have a reality show about it.
Yeah, going with the relative,
especially a sibling,
is usually like no one in your friend group
is going to be upset that they weren't picked.
Sure.
I feel like everyone kind of goes,
well, yeah, it's a sibling.
Well, yeah.
I just think, I think there's like,
the thing everyone thinks about
when they're having a wedding is,
will this person be offended
if I don't include them in some way?
What you don't think about,
and what you absolutely should,
because it's the thing that,
it's the only thing you think about the day of,
is this like giving this person too much authority
or credit or involvement in this wedding
that does not reflect
where our relationship actually is.
Like if you invite somebody
that you've hung out with twice,
they're going to feel kind of weird,
and you might feel kind of weird having them there.
That's not to say that any of us
necessarily did that for our weddings,
but it was like we realized
while we were inviting people,
oh man, it's going to be weird
if that person's there.
That will be weird for us.
Yeah, I'm usually mister keep everybody happy,
but weddings specifically
seem to me an opportunity to really be honest,
and not punitively honest.
It's just not an opportunity to play politics.
It is a perfect, honest statement
of where your relationship is at,
and if they want to fix that later or whatever,
that's fine,
but no one has a right to get hurt by that.
It is literally the most honest thing you can say.
There are other people in my life
that I want with me,
and it is perfectly reasonable
for you to be as selfish as you want
and not consider other people's feelings
because it is your wedding.
It is your day to do it.
One of the criteria Teresa and I used
was 20 years from now,
30 years from now,
when we look at our wedding pictures,
who will be the people
that we would regret not seeing in them,
and who would be the people
that we would still be hanging out with
and reminiscing about the day with,
and not like,
hey, who in this moment
have we had a really good time with?
Who sells us weed right now?
When you're 70 and you're thinking
about your memories
before both of you are shuffled off
this mortal coil,
you don't want the last thing you see
is you don't want that to be weed, Brian.
You don't want it to be karaoke Kim
or whatever.
Who is the person that if you went
through some shit,
that's not your weed deal,
unless it is.
What if you have a really solid connection
with your weed deal
and you're like,
we want weed Brian up there.
Or what if you have a very tenuous,
you have a tenuous connection
with weed Brian,
but then he turns out,
hey, you know who we should
hang out with more?
Weed Brian.
Yeah, I like him a lot.
And then you're 70,
who's sitting next to you
as you're flipping through
your photo album?
It is weed Brian and he's 70
and he's still fucking parties
harder than any of you motherfuckers.
But in a really like conscientious,
like I always feel closer
when I'm partying with weed Brian.
I feel closer to my chosen deity.
Safe way.
He plays shuffleboard with me
on Thursdays
and he sells me the dankest kush.
It's tight, tight bud.
I love Brian.
I love Brian and I love his product.
Here's a Yahoo.
It was sent in by Drew Davenport.
Thank you Drew.
It's by Yahoo answers user bunny
who asks,
have you ever felt someone's body heat
when they were near you
but weren't touching you?
It's so cool.
Sorry, sorry.
What were you saying?
I was too busy throwing up.
Dear listeners,
if you are ever aware
that you were having
this experience with me,
please do not make me aware of it.
But that's not their fault
because you run hot
and you it's true Justin.
You're a fucking hot chassis,
especially post show
when I'm in my kimono.
Oh my God.
The makeup's coming off.
That's pure sexuality there.
It's not about sexuality.
We're talking about
literal physical heat Celsius Kelvin.
I'm nothing.
I'm nothing.
But I run cool.
I get like a lizard up on that stage.
I gotta, I gotta think fast.
I have quick.
That's true.
Griffin doesn't show up
on the thermo scan.
No, I don't.
I'm invisible.
Can't be targeted by drones.
Nice try Obama.
Never tell you at the time
Griffin killed predator.
I killed predator
with my cold, cold body.
I did a show.
What did you do?
He says, he said,
I hear jokes and I love these jokes.
I did.
Got behind you.
And what's funny,
Justin runs hot.
Griffin runs cool.
I run just right.
You run just right.
I feel it.
Is this, but is this like kind of,
I think this is one of the many,
many things on this earth
that science just can't explain.
Body heat.
Well, I think they got it.
I think they've probably
figured that out.
This is just one of those.
It's just one of those things
like chakras.
It's like Kim trails.
It's like ESP.
It's like.
It's like why someone's hair
smells good.
EDM.
Why does hair smell good?
It's just, it's,
you know what it is?
It's my, it's my aura
and it has a color
and you can look at that color
and you can tell what my
astrological sign is.
And that color is warm.
Well, no.
Well, yes.
The color is warm,
but it has nothing to do with the,
has nothing to do with feeling it
and picking it up
with your thermoreceptors.
You can, there's an extra receptor.
You're saying that
we interpret it as body heat,
but that's just because
we're reacting to the aura
that this person has.
Yeah.
You're feeling my color.
Uh-huh.
It's an ochre.
You just don't understand.
I feel like these concepts
that I'm giving you.
I mean, body heat is a concrete thing.
You have a temperature
and if someone's close.
What causes that temperature?
What?
Right now I'm sweating.
Blood burning of calories.
Okay.
But what are those?
Come on.
Let's do this too.
Let's, you started this.
Let's finish this together.
I will take you down this road.
All right.
What's, what even is a calorie?
A calorie is a unit of energy.
Okay.
What's, where does that energy
come from though?
From the food.
Right.
Okay.
I made a loaf of beautiful
sunflower oil bread yesterday
and I don't remember.
Let me think.
I put sunflower in it
and I had ancient,
I had reclaimed grains
that I put in there.
A vegan egg that I put in there.
I don't remember the part
of the recipe
where I sprinkled on some energy in it.
So just food for thought
and food for food.
Well, Gervin, I feel like
you've won this one.
Really put Justin in this place.
I don't remember putting energy
in my bread.
No, I mean, it's Justin.
You look like a dumbo.
You look like a dumb piece of shit
right now because you tried
to step to me.
I'm just saying there are things
out there science can't explain.
And I'm saying heat.
And when they try to,
they look like stupid assholes.
They look like dumb assholes.
I'm saying heat, energy,
hair smells.
Yeah.
That good feeling you get
when you dance with a loved one.
Can you explain that feeling
to me, Justin?
Dr. Science?
Hey, Dr. Oz,
because that's what you sound
like right now, a fraud.
Got them.
I guess I just,
maybe Justin's just buying
into some of those,
quote, text books,
end quote, I've heard about.
It's just like a,
it's like a unit of energy.
Oh my God.
Yeah, according to what,
what studies have you done,
Justin, that have proved that?
What have you seen with
your own goddamn eyeballs?
I've burnt food.
You burnt food.
Well, that seems wasteful.
Take that Africa.
Yeah.
Hope you guys,
I hope you guys didn't need that.
Oh, what's that?
You super needed it.
You super needed that
cereal that I burnt.
Interesting.
Well, at least Justin
learned something.
Oh, people are dying in the streets.
Well, Justin learned one thing
that it doesn't,
doesn't even actually exist.
Cause how did the energy get
in the cereal in the first place?
You figure that out
and then you can come talk to me
and tell them,
why don't you think
about making some donations?
They fortify it.
Oh my God.
Fortify it.
It's calories.
I would, I'm going to,
I'm going to just dissolve you
with all your logic's
gonna come crumbling around you.
You're going to dissolve
at the molecular level,
which is something I'd say
if I believed in molecules.
So this has been my brother,
my brother and me.
It's been our last episode.
It's been our final episode.
I hope everybody,
reject science.
I hope everybody learned something
and I hope that you heard me
do the quotation marks
when I said that just then.
I think those are scare quotes.
Is that what those are?
Um, thank you for
listening to our program.
Uh, we hope you had
some fun listening to it.
Uh, it is optimal
for you to listen to it
while you're on Norco.
So I would highly suggest
taking some of that
to really get it.
This is our most 4D episode.
Yeah, uh, yeah,
it's got sense around
and D box and everything.
Um, so we've got like,
uh, Travis,
you've got new merch written here.
I don't see any new merch
up on the store.
So the new merch should be up this week.
Um, keep an eye out at it.
We're not exactly sure what date,
but hopefully soon.
And that merch is, uh,
new tote bags,
buttons, uh, stickers,
bumper stickers.
Uh, it's really, really
put up the patch.
I love that patch.
Yeah, the patch,
the fraternal order of brothers patch.
It's so, so, so done by Justin Russo,
who, who had,
we haven't thanked him in a long time,
but he did so much of our artwork
and he's, he's so goddamn talented.
Um, that's our visual,
our visual identity
is Justin Russo.
Thank you very much, Justin.
And thanks, thanks to Bob Ball
for the intro.
We haven't thanked him in a long time either.
Yeah, thank you, Bob Ball.
Um, and Bob Ball VO is his website.
If you, uh, want to get,
uh, some, some VO work done,
uh, you can head on over to,
uh, bobballvo.com
and ask Bob to, uh,
record something for you.
Uh, he's got great pipes.
Um, and if, you know,
if you want to check it out,
uh, the new merch will be on,
uh, I always pronounce it
incorrectly, topatico.com.
Yeah, sure.
Topagigio.
Topagigio.com.
Yeah, so just go to maxfunstore.com,
um, and that will be up there.
And if it's not up there,
you can still check out our t-shirts
and all the other wonderful
Max Fun merch options,
which there's some really awesome shit on there.
So go check it out.
Sawbone stuff too, if you want that.
Yeah, there's Sawbone stuff on there.
Um, we will have a new website up soon.
I think you guys are really going to dig it.
If you like websites.
mbnbn.com
And fartpatrol.com
And fartpatrol.com
And my smooth face.
.com
I want to thank John Roderick
and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song.
John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song
into Departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a great album.
Great people.
We got a lot of positive response
from, from when we had John on the show.
It was really great for us.
A lot of people said that he was much funnier.
One guy said he was much funnier than us,
that we kind of didn't do a good job.
Interesting.
Kind of showed us up a little bit.
Interesting.
He's one of the best humans.
He's a good human.
He's a good human.
You know where he was last night?
He was seeing
Fucking stalking him now?
Fucking Presidents of the United States of America.
Playing out.
Aw.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
That's pretty incredible.
You can follow us on Facebook.
It's, you know, my brother, my brother and me,
M-B-A-M on Facebook and like us there.
And you can also like me on Facebook.
Travis Stocker.
Travis McElroy.
Like my fan page.
I'll try to post funny stuff.
We have a fan group on Facebook
that's actually kind of been popping off lately.
I've been trying to be a little bit more involved in it.
But, and what's great about it is
you have to request permission to be in it.
So it's not just like spambots and dickheads.
Cause if you see a spambot or a dickhead,
we can just like boot them.
And then-
They won't let me in.
I've been requesting.
Yeah.
You know why?
I joined it for like three years.
You're always trying to fucking sell us shoes.
That is true.
Yeah.
That's my brother, my brother and me appreciation group.
So go check that out.
I'm appreciating this.
You can follow us on Twitter,
MBMBAM and Justin McElroy, Travis McElroy,
and Griffin McElroy.
And check out all the other awesome max fun podcasts.
I've been like obsessively listening
to Oh No, Ross and Kerry.
So if you want to like learn actual things about science,
listen to Oh No, Ross and Kerry.
I don't understand what you mean.
Okay.
Oh No, Ross and Kerry and Sawbones.
And then there's tons of Wham Bam Pow,
Jordan Jesse Goh, Bullseye,
Judge John Hodgman, stop.
I'm going to miss a bunch,
but go check them out.
You'll love all of the other max fun shows.
I'm sorry.
I'm oil pulling.
Do you guys want that final Yahoo?
Yeah.
This final Yahoo was sent in by our best friend,
Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, period.
It's just a period.
Who asks?
Wait, just like, wait, punctuation mark or the name period?
Nope, just punctuation.
Period asks, only answer if you play Yu-Gi-Oh
and weird things happen to you often.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
It's your dad.
There are the lips.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Cameron Esposito.
I'm Rhea Butcher.
I am Ricky Carmona.
And we are the cast members, what?
I don't know.
Podcastiness of Wham Bam Pow.
That's an action sci-fi movie podcast
you can find on Maximumfun.org or on iTunes.
And what do we do?
News reviews and things you can use.
Tons of things you can use.
We break it down so it can forever be broken.
Hilarious jokes.
Plus, sometimes there's a dog in the studio.
Sometimes there's a dog here.
We'll see you in your earbuds.
