The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm live from the floor of the Republican National Convention,
and Griffin, I understand that you just got back from Mexico. I couldn't decide which one to do.
I did both. We gotta use a fisherman's knot to weave these two things together.
I just, I couldn't pick one to do, so I did them both that we said.
Okay, here it is. I've got it. Okay. Ready? I just saw a headline that says the GOP is now
going after women and Latinos. Okay. Griffin. Yeah, there was a-
Mexico. Let me tell you.
So now my brother, my brother and me is going after Latinos.
Now, Griffin, I understand that you actually had a stipulation that you would only be exposed to
other Caucasians. That was the one rule in your travel. You were actually traveling from one
Caucasian bubble to another. That is true.
And being blindfolded in between. Is that accurate?
It's not blindfolding. It's a blinders system. It's a pair of goggles. They call it white vision.
It's complicated because they put these blinders on you, and then each hallway that you walk down
in the resort has special lanes. Okay.
That you walk down. So the blinders shut out the far left and right lanes,
which really saves you from a lot of hassle vis-a-vis non-whites.
Which is very much how the Republicans may view the world.
Okay. This is good.
This is good. This is political and international. It's just-
I'll be the footnotes at the bottom of the queue to pull it back to a Republican National
Convention.
I'll tell you this much. When I was sitting on those silky alabaster beaches,
contemplating the ocean, as I do, I can't tell you how many Romney coladas I had down there.
If you like Romney coladas-
You know what?
Do you know what goes into a Romney colada?
They're very refreshing, but they're each $12,000.
Each?
To me seems overzealous.
Instead of making you drunk, it makes you just kind of boring.
Just a little sleepy.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby brother, Griffin McElroy. I don't feel good about how we did that.
Did we get good jobs?
I don't think we did good jobs, no.
Griffin, the one thing that you should have learned from Mexico is no regrets, you know?
Which is also the Romney campaign slogan.
No regrets.
Full speed ahead.
Never look back. Romney, 2012.
Fuck it. Fuck it. It's like my 12th time trying this. I have nothing left to lose.
You want to see my taxes? I want to see the future.
Why is everybody- Why are you in the past?
I want to talk about how much money I'm going to make next year.
I'm going forward, which is why I've hired a baby to be my vice president.
Come on, baby. We're going to the future. Come on, baby VP.
Baby VP. Okay, how would you not vote?
I think I would- I don't agree with Mr. Romney's politics.
If he did put a baby on the ticket, I would be-
What if he actually showed the baby, like, sitting on the ticket, sitting on a ticket?
And you did, like, Romney was at his podium,
and then you had, like, a small baby podium next to it,
then you put a baby dressed like Mitt Romney with a Mitt Romney wig on.
And he's wearing a toupee.
I would vote for that. Hey, Romney, if you're listening, you're welcome.
Just imagine that VP debate, too, right?
Because you would have our VP whose name escapes me.
His what? Sorry?
His name escapes me at the moment.
Oh, man. You know.
Joey B.
You know the guy?
Joey B.
Joey- Joey Bag of Donuts is up there.
Oh, Joey Bag of Donuts, eh?
He's doing his thing up there.
I can't remember the goddamn vice president's name.
I've been out of the country more days than I've been in the country this-
Don't you have to take a test to get back into the country?
This is hugely embarrassing.
I'm pretty sure it's Joey Flip.
Is it not Joey Flip?
Flip Wilson?
Flip Wilson?
Vice president and known cross-dresser, Flip Wilson.
Okay, I want to see a VP debate with Joe- Joseph Gordon-Biden.
Yo, he was so good on Third Rock from the Sun.
I love his work in Brick.
I want him up there. I want a baby up there.
And one of them is going to poop his pants, but the other one is going to say
something offensive accidentally about the gay community.
And it's going to be great.
Which one was which? I don't know.
It could really go either way.
He pays your money, he takes your chances.
Let's get into the advice.
I just forgot the vice president's fucking name for two and a half minutes.
You're not even like an American anymore, really.
I peeled.
I peeled a layer of skin from my elbow to my fingers like a lady's delicate glove.
Why are you taking me on this journey right now?
And that skin contain your memories of Joe Biden?
Possibly.
This is the part of me that remembers Joe Biden.
This is my Derma Biden Titus.
And this is the part of the Derma layer in which Biden.
I tell you guys what, one time I had Biden Titus.
I had to have my Biden removed.
But you know what?
Travis is still living the life he wants.
He doesn't need no Biden.
That's right.
Nor no man, because he is strong and proud.
A few months ago, I broke up with my boyfriend of 1.5 years and friend of 10 years
because I had a strong feeling that I am gay instead of just bisexual.
However, a couple of months past the breakup,
I realized that instead of not being attracted to all men ever,
I was just not a drink, not just not attracted to his lazy ass anymore.
Okay.
My question is, if I start to date a new guy,
my ex slash friend is definitely going to bring up the whole being gay thing.
Got it.
How should I tell him the truth without completely crushing his soul?
Why are you laughing at this?
A confused lady in need, because here's the only thing about it,
is that you can never talk to him again.
Yeah.
He can't ever, ever, ever know.
Right.
You can't ever talk to him again.
He has to go to his grave thinking that it was a misunderstanding.
Now, this is also a rare week in which Justin has put together the question list.
And I did not know until the end of the question that it was a lady.
And I thought that this was a dude who broke up with his dude boyfriend
because he thought he was bisexual instead of like full gay.
And I was really confused by the premise.
Are you dyslexic?
Yes.
I hadn't read the question list until this.
Travis is actually dyssexic, which is where he confuses genders and sexualities.
No sex per here.
I think that it is, I think you are doing your ex a disservice
if when he's like, what the fuck?
If you're not like, oh, no, no, you're really unattractive right now.
You are living an unattractive lifestyle.
As it turns out, you are the bits.
You are the bits.
You are a stinker.
And I don't want to be with you no more.
Listen, it turns out I am not I am not full blown gay.
And for that, that mistruth, I apologize.
I was confused at the time.
I wasn't quite possibly sure.
Now I would define my sexuality as everything but Mike.
You know when you order an antipasta and you expect it to be a plate full of everything
ever cooked except for pasta.
You want some Skittles in there.
You want a hamburger.
You want a hamburger.
Some fondue.
Right.
It's like when you order a hamburger, sometimes it's just easier.
It's like I want it with everything except Mike.
Can you imagine?
But that would that would that would be predicated upon there being a sexuality out there.
That's just like Mike sexual.
I want Mike.
And that's all I can think about.
But this is this is the world we live in, right?
There's there is a there is a polar opposite for every person.
So the good news is that although me myself am an anti Mike aficionado, I like everything
but you somewhere out there is a micro sexual that just wants to get it done, you know,
with Mike, with you specifically, Mike.
If you could back away from the door, I am feeling a little uncomfortable by how close
you've gotten.
Oh, man.
Oh, boy.
I would also like to be in Mike's shoes in that moment when you walk in with your new
boyfriend and he just double takes like what what what?
Oh, no.
You could you could go.
You know what?
Gender roles are very loose right now.
You could insist that to your ex that the man you're dating is a woman.
I don't think he's going to get in there for a look.
That dog.
That dog won't hunt.
That dog will not hunt.
That dog has no legs.
That dog does not.
That dog can roll around.
He can bark.
I guess I guess I guess the reason you asked me why I was laughing earlier and I I don't
mean to mock the pain of of others.
I I just can't imagine what it must feel like to date someone and they they say not I dislike
being in this so much.
I think that I don't want to be with an entire one half of the world.
I am writing off half of the world's population because of the extent to which you have repulsed
me and like that's never the case in these situations because typically I would imagine
if someone realizes that they're they are gay and they have to leave a heterosexual
relationship that's that's almost always the case.
And I would imagine it's very difficult for both parties.
This is that rare instance where the parents are getting divorced and it is in fact because
of something the child did.
No, it's that rare anomaly.
I can't.
OK, I can't pretend to understand what it's like to be in this situation on either side
of it because I've never been on either side of it.
But I can't believe that you come to that realization because of one because of of one
person because of one relationship.
No, no, I get what Justin's saying.
What I think what Justin's saying is that you don't say, oh, I'm gay because of this
one person.
But to say, am I gay because I'm not attracted to this person anymore?
And then realize, oh, no, no, no, it's totally cool.
It's not everyone else.
It's them.
Right.
Right.
I'm saying I don't know.
It seems like that's again, I can't pretend to understand, but it seems unlikely to think
like, well, I've had Mike.
So like, that's all the guys.
I don't think that's I think that it's probably indicative of a lot of things.
It does explain his T-shirt.
Once you go, Mike, there's no more like I understand that now.
Travis, you didn't quite nail the dismount.
The Russian judge has generously given you an 8.5, so you are going to go home with a
bronze.
Thank you.
Olympics.
It's a theme show.
You know, I OK, so as far as how how to.
Oh, man, you don't know.
No, listen, no, listen, because this is this is serious because this is a person you've
known for 10 years and is obviously right.
I'm trying to shepherd a good bud, but not like a Dayton bud.
And here's the thing.
You don't know this person fucking check shit because you're finding yourself finding your
sexuality and your needs and your desires and what gets what gets off your rocks.
And if explain it to him exactly like that, just say you're not what does it for me anymore?
You don't get my motor rep.
And I thought that was indicative of all the guys.
But now I've just realized that it's not because of all the guys is Mike.
And I would actually take a moment to think about whether or not it was completely just
your repulsion with Mike that put you off of men forever or if maybe if you're being
100 percent honest with yourself, if there wasn't some part of you that thought, gosh,
if I was, it would be such a make this a lot.
It would make this so much easier because a lot of times your brain is going to hear
you thinking that and it's going to bridge that gap for you because your brain wants
to avoid bad situations.
And you know what?
Even if that's not the case, even if I'm full of shit, that's a pretty good thing to tell
Mike.
That's a good out.
That's a good out.
Like, I know you're into excuses.
Get out of it.
You know, I have to look at this as there's also a little bit of you hear it all the time
where people say, like, you know, once they break up with someone, they say, I just don't
want to be with anyone right now.
I just want to be by myself right now.
So I think that this is a pretty common feeling that maybe is just.
Oh, that's all that is all horseshit, though, right?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
That's what I think until the moment when they realize that that's not true, they just
don't want to be with that person.
Right.
That's what I'm saying.
So I think that this is just set in a different frame, but a pretty common feeling, you know,
I just want to be single right now.
But you don't really just don't want to be with that person.
I don't know.
We're out of our depth.
Just just be honest.
You don't know this person or a lot or use that lie.
I told you about the lie is also good.
How about a Yahoo?
Please do it.
This one was sent by Steven Ketchum.
Thank you, Steven.
Ketchum, Ash Ketchum's brother.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Milan, who asks.
How are some people able to get a lot of likes on Facebook?
10 points for the best answer.
There is this guy who I know on Facebook.
We're in college who can post something and often gets 20 plus likes on most of his posts.
I know people say it depends on how many friends you have, but that's not always true because
we both have the same number of Facebook friends.
900.
But I barely get 10 likes on my status where he can easily pull off 40 likes on a really
good status of his.
He's not one of those attention seekers.
He doesn't get post every 10 minutes.
It seems to be only two to three times a week.
But when he posts, it's like people stop to read what he writes.
This guy's like Facebook Martin Luther King Jr.
I know it's just listening to his shit.
I know it's just Facebook, but it baffles me.
How do some people just natural?
I guess you would call it Internet popularity more than some others do.
Can you imagine if you had a baby and like it just turned out he was a prodigy at posting
on Facebook?
He's the he has one talent and that is he's the one he puts those posts up.
What if you fucking planned your whole life around one status update?
You would do your entire life, just the one, and you would you could even like drop the
date for it.
It could be in sync with the Mayan apocalypse.
And you could make that one Facebook blast that everybody on earth would read and like
form a religion around.
I love it.
You see where Dave said he made a sandwich today?
It's the only thing he ever said, but he means a lot.
It touched me.
That's OK.
So I follow people of disparate backgrounds on Facebook, and these are the three things
that you can put in your status.
One, you can put in complaining about bosses.
People love that.
Two, you can put in pictures of your kids, then something something about being lucky.
The third one is complaining about Facebook.
Those are the only three things that are on Facebook.
Now, are you saying that the OK, so you're not saying these are the three things you
should post?
No, I'm saying these are the only three things you can post because they're the only things
on the service.
Now, but wait, what about like a crude drawing of Obama taking away America's guns and stepping
on the Constitution while Jesus cries and you post in it, you say, my daughter draw
this this morning.
Please pass it along if you like it.
And then if you don't like it, if you don't repost, you're a communist.
Yeah.
And then thirty five million trillion people all post like it and thumb it something or
the other way around.
I mean, the other side has got them, too.
Yeah.
I just can't think of any right now.
Yeah.
None as I would say stirring.
Why is he stepping on the Constitution?
How did he even get out on the street?
There's one where like Mitt Romney is like making a farty face and there's some comment
about like women on there or something.
Yeah, sure.
I saw something on my Facebook who's a family friend and they posted a quote from John Adams
about how the America would have no religion but God and they didn't pass my smell test.
So I went I went to Google and I went to Google and I Googled John Adams quotes and I Googled
quotes by this specific quote.
And then I found out the truth of the matter is it is a combination of several quotes,
none of which were made by John Adams.
And I typed all of this into the response box of this person's Facebook before I stopped
and said, fuck, what have I done?
Yeah, because your whole afternoon was gone by that.
That's the whole fucking day was rebutting.
It was a fucking book report on this guy's Facebook tweet.
Yeah, the whole day was spent on rebuttals that I couldn't do anything with that time.
I'm not getting it back.
Maybe that's how he taught you.
And if that was his trick all along.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
And then the same guy later was talking about how he put the IRS asked him how many dependents
he had and he put on 11 million welfare moms, two million crackheads.
And I thought and I thought, man, but this guy's a Christian, too.
I thought, man, I bet I'm going to this is a fucking this is true.
I thought, man, I want to Jesus love take care of poor people.
I want to find a Bible verse where Jesus said that.
No, Justin, you're just a cog in the machine.
So I literally got to this exact same place again where I'd selected some choice Bible
verses that was really going to put it in his pursuit.
And then I stopped myself and I did it again.
This is why Facebook is amazing, because it's the only propaganda that allows you to propaganda
back and then have propaganda back at your propaganda.
Yeah, this is this is great.
Justin is like a lot of people are never going to see this side of Justin, except for me,
the side of Justin that I have to talk down when somebody says something mean to him on
the Twitter or Facebook because he's about to go off.
Justin is basically like Internet Batman, only instead of like instead of like getting
super strong.
It's also about somebody I care about.
That's also something I'll get mad at.
But you're like Internet Batman.
If like Batman, like if the Joker was doing something bad and so the Batman started training
his body and then would like get a bunch of tools together and then would like go and
like step outside the Batcave and then think about how awkward the confrontation is going
to be and then just like goes back inside and plays Bioshock or something.
Yeah, I also can I jump back to the Yahoo question real quick?
Yes, yes.
Yes, I also like this idea of having a Facebook rival that they have no idea that you are
their Facebook rival.
Sure.
So every time when it's like their birthday, you like change your information.
So it looks like it's your birthday.
And then you see who gets more posts on the wall or when like they put a picture of a
baby, you find a picture of a baby.
You put it like now this is my baby.
You see who gets the most likes.
Or you kidnap them and then you take control of their Facebook and then their likes are
your likes.
Give me your passwords.
Yeah, it'll be like,
Swear to me.
God damn it.
That woman who posted that picture of Obama feeding the Constitution to a baby playing
with a kitten is my Salieri.
She's got 250 likes on that bitch.
That's such a good picture.
God damn it.
I can't believe she beat me to that.
I'm going back to Reddit.
We'll find something really good to get her back.
I got this great velociraptor thing.
Oh, it's going to make her look so stupid.
And I wrote like fucking 800 words about why the chronology of this does not work out.
Who is the baby?
What does he represent?
Facebook.
Here's the truth about the Facebook.
And it's sort of my whole...
It's not just for me.
It's not just Facebook.
It's life.
You know?
Uh oh.
You got to write Matthew McConaughey in Mexico.
No, listen, listen, let's get these stinky, sticky bongos out.
Let's just let's rap about this.
Fucking how is anyone ever supposed to miss you if you're always there?
Are you saying to disappear for a while?
Was that on the, uh, was that on the note?
The tweet stream of quotes from the notebook?
Because I do follow that.
Hey, listen, for real.
Listen, if you're a bird, I'm a bird.
I mean, fuck.
I'm going to puke.
Fuck.
Listen, seriously, for real.
Seriously.
Listen, for real.
This is F-R-E-A-L life lesson.
How, like, if you're always tweeting and booking and LinkedIn and then about everything you do,
no one's going to give a shit.
You got to compress.
And even then, nobody gives a shit about anything you do.
The reason that your friend gets all these likes is because he says something broad.
He says something that means something to everybody, not just him.
Went to five guys today.
Too many fries.
Zero likes.
No, everybody likes fries.
No likes, no shares.
You know why?
Because everybody went to fucking five guys today.
Yeah.
You know what?
I'm going to drop some Carnegie on you.
Here we go.
Because you can win more friends in two weeks of getting interested in other people
than you can in two years of trying to get other people interested in you.
You put up a Facebook status that is about your life and how much it blows slash rules.
I don't like either one of those.
If it rules, I feel jealous.
If it blows, I feel empathy.
I don't like either of those emotions.
If you put on your status like five o'clock somewhere, you know I like that.
Because I'm into that.
I feel that.
I'm with you on that.
Or get engaged.
Because that's what I did, and I got fucking like 350 likes in two hours.
I love this, Travis.
You have just given birth to the king of ideas.
Cracked it.
Get engaged.
Or just every-
And then end it and then get engaged again on cycle.
That's a little extreme, but there are a ton-
Opened up my new business today.
Three days later, business went under.
Should have had a better plan.
Anyone know a good music to listen to?
And then say like, pray for me.
Pray for me.
I've got to go pray on it.
Like, oh my god.
Anybody got any choice quotes about prayer and its meaning and value?
Anyone got some sweet Bible verses for me?
Need them.
Last weekend was my birthday.
Happy birthday.
No, no.
Happy birthday, Justin.
Not me.
Like, like, like.
Like, like, like, like, like.
I'm going to share that with all my business friends.
Oh, one other idea.
Find a picture of an old guy in a military outfit and then say,
this was my pop pop.
He passed away this week.
Or something like that.
Oh, like, like, like, like, like, like.
People will put him in my Gmour high school sweethearts.
People are going to like that.
This is my G-Paw.
Red blood Americans.
This is my G-Paw in the war.
I like how your G-Paw looks.
I want to be his LinkedIn professional buddy.
I want to buddy link with him.
Like, like, like.
I named my farm bill after my G-Paw.
I re-tweeted your grandpa's pussy farm.
Last weekend was my birthday.
I got a little swerve on some devil's juice.
You've mixed your idioms there.
That's not an idiom.
We're going to move on.
I woke up the next morning with a busted up face.
Broken nose and multiple scrapes.
I work at a corporate job where things like this will not look good.
Can't pass it off as a Fight Club incident.
I need to come up with a good explanation for this.
That isn't, I got drunk and don't remember.
Any help here in B&B AM?
Bill.
Bill.
Couple things I need to know here.
Yeah.
One, most importantly, why can't you pass it off as a Fight Club incident?
Why do such squares work at your workplace?
Two, do we need to CSI this shit and figure out what happened?
Yeah.
Like, what kind of scrapes are we talking about, Bill?
Do you have any scrapes on your palms?
If not, you did not try to catch yourself or you got into an altercation with someone
and it was not falling, so it punched you in the face.
That's good.
Check the blood splatter, too.
Bill, I do want to say, we'll get back to the problem with your corporate job.
You know what?
Let me just wrap that up.
Tell them you fell off your bike.
Move on.
Yeah.
All right, tell them you got the shit beaten out of you.
It doesn't matter.
Let's talk about the first half of your question.
See if you can see where the gap is.
Last weekend was my birthday.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
That's good.
Yeah.
Click, click, click, click.
I got a little swerve on some stuff.
Little swerve on some devil's juice.
Oh, Bill got drunk.
I woke up the next morning with a busted up face.
Okay, hold on.
Now, wait a minute, Bill.
There's a gap there.
That's a pretty big gap.
I can say in all of my years of enjoying alcohol, I have never gotten so drunk that I've woken
up the next day, busted up, broken nose and multiple scrapes and gone,
well, something happened.
Yeah, sure.
No, I've woken up with two jellyfish on my chest like a bra.
Sure, who hasn't?
We've all been there.
I've woken up surrounded by busted up faces.
I just screamed like, oh, no, not again.
Yeah, sure, sure.
One time I woke up and I'd eaten the majority of the contents of a sandbox.
That was a bad one.
It wasn't even your sandbox.
It wasn't my sandbox.
One time I went to sleep and I dreamed I was eating a giant marshmallow and then when I
woke up, my pillow was gone, but it turned out I had pica and I was deficient in many
pillow-based minerals.
You just told a joke that everybody ever has heard at summer camp, but you took it and
you made it smart for the 21st Century podcast.
And slightly depressing because you couldn't help it.
It was a compulsion.
Yeah, apparently the paint they used in my low-income housing project was lead-based
and gave me pica, so I ate my pillow.
Did you not have anyone with you, Bill?
What kind of fucking friends let you fall on your face?
Bad ones.
Bill fell.
If you ever see people carrying people out of a bar drunk, this doesn't happen, Bill.
Yeah.
Bill, your resolution for this year of your life, be get better friends.
Get sturdier, more like of a bracing kind of friend.
Right.
How do you win them, you ask?
Well, you can win more friends in two weeks of being interested in other people than you
can-
So you get interested in how you're going to hold them up.
And also, you can make more friends by not drinking so much that you stop being alive.
Okay, I want to bust this myth, Mythbusters style.
Okay.
It is not more fun to get so drunk that you can't fucking remember the fun you were having.
Yeah.
Right.
Like, that doesn't, like-
You can only hope-
I remember being that old.
I remember being 22 and in college and thinking that the only way I was really
celebrating my birthday is if I got so drunk that I couldn't remember.
That's stupid.
That's like saying I want to spend a bunch of money to go see a movie and fall asleep during it.
Unless you hire an archivist or some manner of scribe to follow-
A bard, perhaps, to follow you around.
A bard.
Okay, if someone's writing an epic poem about it, then yes.
Travis, what's that one bard from Hercules named who writes songs on Hercules?
Ioli?
Iolus.
Travis, you know this.
I think it's Iolus.
Yaris.
It was played by Ted Bundy.
No?
No, it wasn't.
Ted-
Ted Raimi.
Ted Raimi.
And he was Andy Iolus.
What is it?
Iolus.
Aw, geek check.
Really?
Because you asked, like, eight times.
I got you.
I got you.
Griffin's gonna edit it so it's like-
He was actually on Xena and not Hercules.
Oh, man.
Travis, Griffin's gonna edit that in a way that's, like, makes it sound like a sick geek check.
I'm gonna pour a cup of water into another cup and make it sound like pee
and, like, the pee's going into your diaper.
Now I'm even more worried about the fact that maybe that's not the right name.
And I would look like a stupid geek.
I thought it was Jafar.
I'm pretty sure that's off base.
Joxer.
Joxer?
Then who is Iolus?
Oh, was that Bruce Campbell's character?
I think it was.
Good news, Travis, you have thoroughly dismissed my geek check.
You have passed the test or failed it.
I've lost track.
But was that Bruce Campbell's character?
I need you to check that now.
I'm not doing that.
Justin.
Moving on.
But Justin.
Let's go to the money zone.
Justin!
Do you like to fuck?
Fuck.
But you're bored with it.
Do you like to fuck on the cheap?
Do you like to fuck?
Not cheap, Travis, because these aren't cheap toys
we're talking about at ExtremeRestraints.com.
We're talking about value.
They're cost effective.
More inches per dollar.
You trying to fuck?
Sorry, I hadn't said it.
I wanted to say it because it sounded fun.
ExtremeRestraints.com is, and I don't think I'm out of line here,
it's an adult super store.
They've got everything.
It sure as fuck not a kid's super store.
It is an adult play land.
And I also want to stress, before we give the wrong idea,
they're super nice and it's a super great place.
They're the best.
Seriously, if you are going to buy sexual pleasure,
if you're going to buy marital aids, and you should,
this is the place to go.
Or premarital aids.
Okay, well, okay.
Okay, well, no, that's okay.
But it is a place to go.
They're really nice and it's super classy and great shit.
So much good feedback from the community.
So many purchases, so many happy customers,
and by happy, I mean they've cum buckets.
And if you want to buy a cum bucket,
that's on the third page, I think.
It is actually an augmented version of the game Mr. Bucket.
You put the balls in your mouth.
And you do indeed put the balls in your mouth.
Yeah, in fact, it is not actually that augmented at all.
It is basically just they sell Mr. Bucket.
And I know what you're asking, you're saying,
but Travis, I've priced cum buckets before,
and they were always 20% too expensive.
That's what's held me back.
Well, I've got good news.
That's right.
With the coupon code MIDDLEST, M-I-D-D-L-E-S-T,
you can save 20% at ExtremeRestraints.com.
And this is some great stuff,
and they're really super cool people that totally get it.
Very discreet, very discreet.
Very discreet.
And they make this fun, which it should be.
And their workers legit listen to My Brother, My Brother,
and Me while they're packaging your stuff.
Yeah, so imagine that a urethral sound probe
that you put in your urethra has been bombarded
by M-B-M-B-A-M at some point in the process.
Oh, that's great.
It's like we're singing a lullaby as the Master Blaster dildo.
No, there's gotta be a funnier thing.
Dildmatron.
It'll come to you.
So even if you're unsure, just go check it out
because you might surprise yourself
and find something on there that's interesting.
We've done 20 of these spots,
and we're sure you've enjoyed every single one,
but you've never thought, ah, that's just not for me.
Maybe it is for you.
Go Google it.
Go buy 20 cock rings, put them together,
make it look like an extra long lifesavers package.
And I want to say, I want to put in a brief note also
that as long as you're on the internet,
check out Squarespace 6.
You want to build a website,
you see all these other people get into websites,
maybe you want to build a website,
not a competitor at extremetrapace.com.
Well, you could build a website where you talk about
how awesome extremetrapace.com is.
Yeah, you can build the first extremetrapace.com fan site
with Squarespace 6.
Let me give you the big points you're going to notice
when you boot this up for the first time,
especially if you're a Squarespace 5 user,
you're ready for the next level.
Can I make a-
Beautiful new templates.
It's got a drag and drop interface,
got responsive design, and social media connectivity.
Like, like, like, like, like, like.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like.
Get all the likes on Squarespace.
That's it.
If you want to get likes on the book,
you have got to get some cross post functionality in there.
That's the big thing about it right now,
is cross post functionality.
So listen, you're going to go to squarespace.com
and we're saving you money this week.
That's our, that's our theme.
Saving you values by using the code MYBROTHER8.
That's M-Y-B-R-O-T-H-E-R, the number eight.
No spaces.
No spaces.
You can save 10% at Squarespace.
So like, the internet's out there and there's plenty of space.
I know it seems like it's full,
but there's, there's a space for your idea.
My sister's going to appear in a local independent film.
She's super excited as this is her first acting experience.
And I'm proud of her for pursuing her dreams.
I'm looking forward to going to the premiere and supporting her,
but here's the problem.
There is evidently a risque love scene
and I feel weird about seeing my little sis in flagrante,
even if it's simulated.
How should I handle this?
Pretend I have to pee whenever things look like
they're heading to the bedroom.
Develop a sudden intense interest
in the bottle, bottom of my popcorn bag.
Prudish in Pennsylvania.
Well, don't do that because your dick's down there.
Yeah, that's your, and speaking of which,
it will probably not look great
is as soon as your sister gets naked,
you have to excuse yourself to the bathroom.
Yeah, gotta go to my bunk.
Bye.
I'll be in my bunk.
Here's the thing.
Suckers.
You just watch the movie like an adult.
Yeah.
Listen, your sister's got a fine ass set of boobies.
No, I'm saying that she's pretending.
You sit there and enjoy.
Hey, hey, don't make me turn this car around.
Enjoy your sister's bosoms.
Don't pretend like you're not curious.
That's my thing.
And this is the best way to check them out.
No, we can't go down this road with you guys.
No, listen, for real,
this is the best way to check them and peep them because it's gonna be artsy and shit.
Check them and peep them.
They're artsy.
Never gonna get bad luck from Jesus or otherwise.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like.
Like, like, like, like, love.
Sis, you look fantastic.
Psalm tonight.
Long story short.
Good work.
Like, like, like, like, like, like.
Game of Thrones.
I finally get it.
Like, like, like, like, like, like.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, shit.
I'm sorry, Prudish.
Um, there is so many.
There are so many.
We're joking because there's so many unknown fucking gradients.
Yeah.
How bad is the movie?
That also, what is the love scene?
What if it's really tasteless?
And if it's really tasteful and awesome and well shot and you never have to see it.
But if it's the fucking sex scene from the room,
get the fuck out of there along with everyone else.
Travis, that is comparatively mild.
Are you fucking kidding?
It goes from the sex scene in Forrest Gump
to the fucking ass to ass scene in Requiem for a Dream.
Like, things can get so bad in there.
Yeah, it can get really bad.
Things can get real thorny.
It's going to be tense.
You got to cut the tension.
Just wait.
But you can help your sister and this film company by saving 20% at ExtremeRestraints.com.
Wait for an opportune moment and then just shout.
Do a sit up.
Because I think that, first off, that's some great sister griefing right there.
I mean, you need to use this as a great opportunity to attack as your sibling.
Are you saying he should shame his sister's naked body in front of everyone?
Wait till in her first film appearance?
Wait till it's projected two stories high and then point out that maybe,
maybe cutting back on the snack or something.
It's like mom's pizza rolls have had quite an effect on your midriff.
Gross.
It won't be that weird.
It's only going to be weird if you make it weird.
And just pretend you're French.
Okay, real quick.
Just real quick.
If the podcast start for the next episode is my dick.
I'm quitting the podcast.
Okay.
So let's not, but like an artsy dick.
Maybe someone did a cast up.
Oh God, you can't go.
You can't go to the movie.
You want to go to be supportive.
You can't go.
I just decided you can't go.
Sorry.
If you, the thing is if, okay, if it's a premiere and they know the actress is there
and then there's a nude scene, they know her family's with her.
They are going, you have to be there.
They are going to look.
Everyone is going to look.
Especially if it's, it's a fucking local film.
Like everyone knows it.
You've got to invest yourself in the emotion of the scene.
That's the only way you're going to get through it.
Like if you weird yourself out about it, it's going to get weird.
If you just really think about how touching it is and God, I hope it's touching.
Cause if it's like some brown bunny stuff, I don't know what to tell you.
You are just in a bad way.
This, this represents a time in which getting so drunk that you cannot remember what happened
may not be a better.
Yeah.
Maybe just hoist a few or eight before.
Can I inject what may be an unpopular opinion though?
Do you know what would be really more uncomfortable than going to the movie and watching your
sister bone down or up is if you went and everything about the movie was really terrible
and then you had to pretend that you loved it for me.
That would be more uncomfortable than watching, than watching like Justin and Travis in a
Caligulon orgy scene if they were in the movie, listen to me, listen to me, yes, maybe let's
yes, yes, yes.
You have a horrible imagination and you're a terrible person.
It can get weird.
It can get weird up in there, but let me finish my point.
Okay.
Go on, please continue.
I would rather watch that in a good movie where you both did good acty jobs than a movie
than a movie where you both tastefully, tastefully made love.
No skin at all.
You could be wearing wet suits and dry humping, but you act really bad and then for the rest
of my life, I have to carry that weight.
I feel like some shit just came out, but listen.
You're saying the after effect of having to say I loved it because you watched them have
sex is weird or because it was terrible and you had to lie.
It's going to be better.
You can joke about, oh, man, you really took that hog, you took that hog so good.
I was really proud of the way you took that hog.
You really, it was like wild hogs in there.
You did not hold back and I was deeply impressed.
I haven't seen a hog embrace that openly since at the end of Wild Hogs when Tim Gunn hugged
Tim Allen and then David Alan Grier watched.
I haven't seen the movie.
You can goof that, but you know what you can't goof?
Man, you are just not going to make it here.
This is not going to work.
This is not going to be your jam.
Look on the bright side, it's going to be uncomfortable for you and it's going to be
better than the utter shame your parents will feel.
They're just going to be really embarrassed and wonder where they went wrong.
Look, Darlene, we made that and now it's having sex in front of us 80 feet tall.
In front of, oh, all of our friends and oh, there's some neighbors.
Look at that bosom, man.
She is really getting slam jammed up there.
Glad we made that.
How could they afford Mickey Rourke for this movie?
This is great.
That's our DNA up there getting slam-o jam-o'd by Mickey Rourke.
Hey, please pass me the knives.
I'd like to die a bit more if that's okay with everyone here.
I'd like to be less alive than I am currently, which is to say all the way dead and not like
Bill and Ted dead where I come back later as soon as your hijinks.
I mean, dead as fuck.
Like Oblivion embracing the sweet Oblivion.
This sprite is delicious.
What a good acting you did.
I'm so proud of you.
I hope we all go to Applebee's afterwards and talk about it.
I hope you do.
I'll be dead.
By the way, I just want to say that accounting degree I paid for is really paying off.
Let's just finish the show.
We're only at like 45 minutes.
It was great.
We've helped literally no one.
We laughed at the first person.
We gave no helpful advice to the second person.
Made fun of them for being an alcoholic.
And the last person, we told them to enjoy a sister boner.
We're great.
Let's keep going forward.
The way I imagine it is people listen to this show one chapter at a time spread out over
the week.
So since they did not have Monday and Tuesday to go through with us, that means that they
only need five sevenths of the show they normally get because it doesn't have to last them as
long.
Does that make sense?
None of it did.
In fact, it stopped making sense so soon that I didn't listen to most of it.
Good.
You guys want to hear a great joke?
It's on Yahoo.
Okay.
Justin Cain sent it in.
I've never read a Yahoo joke before.
We'll see how it works.
Ronnie says, how do you make a horse laugh then cry?
To make a horse laugh, you go up to the horse and whisper in their ear, my dick is bigger
than yours.
To make a horse cry, the guy shows him his penis and it was bigger.
That is a pretty that almost beats my Pika joke.
Almost comes close.
Yeah.
The top answer on that says horses don't care about penis size.
Bullshit, they don't.
They don't even speak English, you guys.
You don't evolve penises that big without some sort of underlying biological imperative.
And a man with a penis larger than a horse's is to be pity.
He will never have a full erection and could not lay with a woman even if he could.
Weird.
Yes.
Do you guys want another Yahoo?
I guess.
It was sent in by Krista Whalen.
Thanks, Krista.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Gaara who asks, can a spirit get you pregnant?
My friend's boyfriend just died 10 days ago and she thinks his spirit had sex with her
while she was sleeping.
And when she woke up, she had blank in her Virginia.
Is it possible to get pregnant from a spirit?
Do you know what a sad commentary it is that I had to wait to the end of that question
before I could remember whether or not we have answered this question?
It was literally to the point where you had a blank in her Virginia before I realized,
no, I guess we haven't specifically talked about this.
Four of our variations and also it's a Tuesday.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
Variations on a ghost come theme, I think, is what we've had.
Right.
That is also my favorite Miles Davis record.
Sure.
If you've never enjoyed variations.
I go to the alternate.
The alternate title was kind of boo.
Kind of goo.
Yeah.
Kind of boo goo.
I guess.
I mean, once you read a question like that, is it possible?
No, don't even answer that question.
Isn't it possible?
I mean, isn't it possible?
Listen, guys.
OK.
Medical science is still finding new things out every day.
OK.
So yes, the answer is yes.
OK, so you're saying there's infinite life in the universe and it's always expanding.
So why can't your friend find a little bit of ghost come around her vagina?
Yes.
For what?
That sentence was the grossest.
Yeah, nothing.
I like I like that this question is not my friend has gotten pregnant and claims that
it's from a spirit, but the fear.
Yeah, yeah.
That, oh, God, I hope she doesn't get pregnant from a spirit.
Sure.
Let's let's let's read something else.
This is this is off.
Let's say anything else.
OK, guys, I want you to know.
You know, the oldest was the friend on Hercules.
Our holocaust was the name of Bruce Campbell's thief character, which appeared on both shows.
OK, OK.
I just wanted to clear that up.
I didn't want all the emails.
How is there any debate about that?
We didn't clear that up in the question.
I apologize for whoever is building a thing outside of my house.
I don't want to I don't want to talk too loud because they might hear me.
But it's it's six, 16 p.m.
Who the fuck is building something now of all the building?
I'm too afraid to look out because he's like literally he's looking at the window.
Guys, I'm on the first floor.
He'll literally see me.
Look out the window.
You're a coward.
It's completely, completely irrational.
But if you're building something, people are going to look.
He probably wants people to look.
I'm going to see.
But what if he's building like what he's making a murder room?
What if he's making a murder room?
What if you look out the window and he's building a coffin?
It just points at you.
Maybe.
But you know what would be more awkward?
If he was making art and he was bad at it and made eye contact with me.
And also he was naked.
In Griffin's spectrum of social anxiety,
literally the worst thing that can ever happen to anybody is someone making bad art.
You think I'm joking.
You probably actually know that I'm not joking,
but the people who are listening probably think I am joking.
I don't want to comment on that.
Let me see what this let me see what he's making the Hindenburg.
It was terrible, but at least there was a drawing on the side.
Yeah.
Maybe there was someone on there doing a bad monologue,
which are playing piano badly,
in which case that would have all made it a literal birdhouse.
A literal birdhouse.
He's building a birdhouse.
A literal birdhouse.
It's 617.
No kids in sight.
He's on speed.
This birdhouse.
He had to build that right now and it could not wait.
He has to work through his meth energy.
This birdhouse is for Ronnie.
Ronnie's had a hard week, even though it's only Tuesday.
Ran out of meth on a Sunday.
Gotta build a birdhouse.
I can't listen.
We've built this.
We have done built this birdhouse and I'm not going to talk anymore about people.
So thanks for listening to our podcast that we share together.
You've gotten through it again.
I know you said you wouldn't be back.
And yet here you are.
So now who's the weak one?
Sorry it was so late.
And also it's so short.
But it's not short.
It's going to be a great length.
Perfect length.
Pretty short.
But it's been a fucking insane month, you guys.
I don't need your sympathy.
I want it.
But yeah.
You want sympathy because you got a free trip to Germany
and then you got to spend a week in Mexico?
I pity you.
Listen.
So sad.
Listen to me.
Unlike, unlike, unlike, unlike.
Okay.
Okay, but listen.
I forgot what I was going to say because Travis got real mean there for a second.
I'm sorry, Griffin, but I want to go to Mexico.
I know.
But I want to go to Harmony.
It's all over now is what I mean to say.
I want to thank.
We've got an NBNBAM Wisdom Twitter follow.
We didn't create it.
A friend of ours did.
Not a friend.
I mean, it is a friend of ours.
But we don't know who the fuck it is.
We don't know who it is.
We just know it's a friend.
Can we keep it that way?
Can we keep it like Zoro?
Yeah, they need their.
I actually know who it is and they need their anonymity code.
Tell me who it is right now.
I can't tell you.
At NBNBAM Wisdom.
And there's also a similar wonderful Tumblr that is actually NBNBAM-Wisdom.tumblr.com.
The two were created independently of each other.
So you figure that one out.
So thanks to both of them.
Just a quick question.
Sorry, I hate to keep interrupting, but just Travis, just real quick.
Is it Gary Oldman?
I can't say.
Fuck!
Is it Paul Ryan?
I can't say.
Okay.
Is it Arianna Huffington?
Yeah.
No!
God damn, I can't say!
Is it a he or a she?
Does he wear glasses?
Is it Troy Aikman?
Does he have a beard?
Does he have red hair?
Those are all the people that I know.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Thanks to Jacob Dixon, another Huntington, West Virginia native.
Uh, Landon Bell, Steph Kingston, Perch Snickers, Shredspread, Joey Blanton, uh, Aaron Kreitz,
BigBadGunner, Latu-tst-tst-tst-er, uh, FollowHereThere, Scoot, Zernick, everybody tweeting about the
show.
If you want to share it, NBNBAM is the hashtag.
Bit.ly forward slash it's my bim bam is the, uh, is our, our, uh, sampler.
If you want to share that with someone.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
Thanks for letting us use that tune, guys.
Thanks guys.
It's a good, it's a good jam.
But I want to thank Ted Ramey for allowing, uh, his personality to be used on the show.
Thank you for your likeness, Ted.
Is it Ted, is Ted Ramey him?
Is it, it's not, it's not Ted Ramey.
I would, believe me, guys, I would tell you if it was Ted Ramey.
I bet it's not somebody famous at all.
No, it's gotta be somebody famous.
Why would you say that?
I'm just.
It obviously, it doesn't count otherwise.
I mean, they're not famous yet.
They are one day going to be famous because of this Twitter account when they fucking
just take our goofs.
Fucking not persona non grata.
Just take them from, just take them from us and repurpose them.
Griffin, give me the last question.
How are you guys cool with this?
This guy is like a perfect, it's like Carlos.
It's like the Carlos Garcia of Twitters.
I would.
It's like, it's like Carlos Garcia if he named his, his something like Joe Rogan jokes.
Yeah, I do want to say that I wish he would.
I don't trust anybody that has an egg on Twitter.
I need you to change your egg to something us theme.
Yeah.
Okay, Griffin hit me.
Can you get us hatching from the egg?
I'm ready.
We're hatching from your egg.
I will Photoshop that for you if you want or somebody will.
Here we go.
Krista Whelan sent this one in, thank you, Krista.
Return to form.
Really, I appreciate it.
So many good, so many good Yahoo's this week.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
And thank you, Krista Whelan.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, oh man.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Dog Chode 69.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Dog Chode 69.
Who asks, what is the boiling point of semen?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin.
I'm Griffin.
God damn it.
This is my brother and me.
Kids are dead scared.
Square of the lips.
Keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart.
Three stacks, these girls are smart.
Play your part.
