The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome to this very special episode of My Brother, My Brother, and Me. It's our Grammy
Awards 2014 special, My Name is Justin McElroy. My name is Travis McElroy. My name is Griffin
McElroy, and I know that sounded weird, but I'm just so excited. I know, I've got Grammy fever.
Tonight we are going to be honoring some amazing achievement in the arts of butterscotch cookie
making, of ribbon candy placement, cheek kisses, cheek kisses, hair tousles, biggest purses,
oversized sweaters bought, most uncomfortable fabrics, weirdest smelling quilts, weirdest
smelling hair. Weirdest smelling house. Yeah, just a lot of weird, there's seven subcategories.
A lot of weird smells, stainless bread. Okay, well that seems a little hateful.
Most, you know, the problem with the weird smell categories is most of them are handled off camera.
We don't even get to see those. They have like a special subceremony that like-
These awards are presented by Tom Wopat at a separate event.
It's always Tom Wopat, too. That's his hell. That's his, he did something,
and that's his punishment. He did something really bad. Guys, what
Grammys are you most excited about tonight? Where do you think the hot contingent's gonna be?
I think it's gonna be most spangly dressed. Spanglishly dressed? Is that-
Well, who's dressing with the most spangles? Who's got the most, you know, what am I looking
for here? Sequins. Travis is making a play for the most confused category. Sorry, Travis,
but that award has actually already been handed out by Mr. Wopat. Congratulations to Darlene Mecklen,
age 73. You really went for it this year. You have no idea why you get to hang out with Tom
Wopat every year. I think my favorite thing about the Grammys is, unlike other award shows,
it airs at like 3.30 in the afternoon. Yeah, that's really nice because you can
finish the whole award show and still have an early dinner. And boy, you thought Jacqueline
Bessette took a long time to get to the stage during the Golden Globes. You haven't- You ain't
seen nothing yet. Every procession to the stage lasts at least 20 to 25 minutes.
And it's like a race to who can get up there before they start playing the
get off the fucking stage meemaw music. It's never happened, but I hope to someday
hear a meemaw deliver a speech. Someone's going to get up, someone's going to train for that,
and she's going to get up there like right as the music starts and be like, nope, nope, booyah,
and then walk away. I'm really looking forward to the performance. I heard that this year
there's going to be a meemaw reading some Dr. Seuss. I'm really excited about it.
That's going to be really nice. Why is she doing that?
She's doing the first half of the places you'll go to her six-year-old grandson.
I like that. That's not funny. It's just nice.
Yeah. The weird thing is it won't be mic'd, so you won't be able to hear it.
Okay. Let's shoot for just nice this episode. Okay.
You know what the bummer about the Grammys is actually, though?
Still, Meryl Streep always wins. She doesn't even have grandkids.
Also, the In Memoriam reel lasts three hours. Yeah, it's three hours long.
Okay, this is a comedy advice show.
And they have to add some people in from the beginning of the awards show,
people that were on the red carpet and are now in the video.
That year that H1N1 was really bad, it actually wouldn't stop. They had to just cancel the show.
They just kind of leave it on in the background as they present all the awards.
Man, H1N1 took a lot of grandmas from it. So anyway, let's start with the show.
Let's get on with the comedy jokes. Man, that flu just fucking devastated our old people.
Speaking of Grammy fever.
Man, they all drowned to death on their own mucus. Anyway, let's go ahead and get it rolling.
Big wheel, keep on turning.
Jokes and jokes and jokes.
That swine flu canceled a lot of Disneyland trips. Let's get this ball rolling.
Pack up the car, kids. We're going to Comedy Town.
Grandma's not coming because she did a swine flu. Fuck, man. Wow.
Yeah, a lot of them.
We could have talked about Bieber.
I tried to tell you we should have talked about Bieber.
No, no, no. Let's talk about this devastating flu.
Raise your hand if your grandma died in 2009. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Everyone, I guess.
Oh, I'm sorry grandmothers.
I've got a coworker who's a complete idiot.
Nice guy, but total moron who's completely unable to perform even the smallest task on her own.
I'm sorry.
What's wrong?
You still laughing about that swine flu?
I'm still thinking about dead grannies.
There's nothing funny about it.
He says laughing.
So the coworker's an asshole and once in a while he'll do something stupid.
Everybody will fix it for him and say something like, I hope I didn't just look too stupid.
And our question asker tries to make him feel better about himself, but he's getting tired of it.
And he's trying to find a balance between supportive and making him feel dumb.
Doesn't want to be a jerk, but it's something even his 11-year-old could figure out.
That's from overly supportive in Ohio.
I paraphrase there because it's a long question, but you get the gist.
Well, he's playing you.
Oh, this is one of those you mow the lawn shitty one time your dad won't ask you to do it anymore type situations.
And even better because then he finishes it by going, I hope I didn't look stupid.
No!
No, you did great.
You're my big office worker boy.
You mowed your basketball number into our front yard.
So in terms of completion, not great, but you expressed yourself and that really matters.
So you think he's on the grift?
I think everyone's on the grift, but I think this person is on the grift spectrum, like leaning super hard into it.
So is the response not to try to correct this person, but somehow make yourself appear less capable than this person is?
So could you go stride into the boss's office, deliver the big report and then once you set it on his desk, you just dump a bucket of soapy water on it and go like, did I do that?
I wanted to clean it.
I cleaned up your hard drive, boss.
And then you pour soapy water on his hard drive.
Is it possible that your coworker is an 11 year old who has been big into an adult body?
Oh, that is always, always your first inclination.
And you know what?
It's a good one because you're right most of the time.
You're right most of the time.
So here's what you need to do.
You just quarter him and you say like, Joshua, I know what's happened and we can fix this together.
I know where there's this ultamachine.
We'll get to it and we'll do this and let's do a secret handshake to prove that I know you're a kid.
Yeah.
Here, take this adult go-gurt and then you hand him an adult go-gurt.
I think it's just Activia.
I think it's just Activia, Griffin.
I wish they would make like, I love food in tubes, but I don't want all that colorful packaging.
I wish they had something a little more upscale, a little classier, maybe leather.
You know, I drink those yogurt smoothies because they have all the probiotics that my gurgle guts need,
but I don't get to squeeze it.
I don't get to like force it into my...
I don't get to like recreate the peristalsis of an intestine as I just like sploosh the food glop into my mouth hole.
What if this guy has JAK disease?
Oh, what if he has combination JAK disease and bigitis?
No, no, it's fine.
It's fine.
I'm going to look like this in a couple years anyway.
No, it's okay.
So every one year I do eight, but then I also had to skip like nine through 36.
So like kind of a raw deal I'm getting here.
I'm basically two.
I'm basically two years old is what I'm...
I was born...
I wasn't born yesterday.
I was born last Thursday.
I do have JAK and big.
Yeah, I still have like a little bit of umbilical stumble down there.
But it's okay because I also have Benny Button.
So hold on, let me figure this out.
I was born at two, skip to 10, skip to 36.
I will be 45 next week and then 28 the week after that.
Yeah, I think I figured that out.
Basically the Highlander is so...
Look for that question on the SATs someday soon.
I mean, if someone is going to be a screw up and you're not their superior,
I think you just kind of have to lump it.
I mean...
No, Justin, you are wrong.
And I'll tell you why.
Everybody's covering.
Well, at least I got to state my whole point.
I can tell you really weighing all the pluses and minuses.
Justin, you sounded like you were about to be wrong.
The problem is everybody's covering for the guy.
I didn't have a point either.
Yeah, I mean, yes, but...
I understand that it's like you want to do it because you're not a terrible human being.
You don't want to see this person fail.
But at the same time, every time that you fix it for him without attention being brought to it,
you're not helping the dude because it sounds like he's not capable of doing this job.
Yeah, but you are helping the dude.
By definition of helping the dude, you're covering his tracks constantly.
That's what help is.
Making it so he never gets busted.
But what if he progresses rapidly and people are like, you know,
his boss who doesn't know any of this just sees the work he does.
And he's like, oh, okay, everything's turning out well.
Promotion.
And then he runs that business into the ground and 100,000 people are laid off.
I think the best solution...
This is a big business.
What kind of overhead does this 100,000 employee business have?
They make adult go-gurt.
They're an Illuminati.
Everybody has to help him run all of the conspiracies.
Maybe the solution is somewhere in the middle of telling him what's wrong about it,
but making him make the corrections because that's probably the best way of helping him to learn.
And also, you're not going to have to do the work for him because I feel like after you explain to him
what the mistake is and have him corrected himself, then he has to sort of be responsible for his own product.
But I also would say, do you really want to be the George to this dude's Lenny for the rest of the time that he works there?
If it does culminate in an assassination, then...
This is probably not something you want to be a part of.
Yeah, definitely not.
You guys want a Yahoo?
Please.
This Yahoo was sent in by Alan Black.
Thanks, Alan.
It's by Yahoo!
And it's just user Taylor B. who asks,
has anybody been to the Guy Fieri show?
If you have, is it appropriate for younger children?
No.
My daughter is a huge fan of him, and we got some free tickets,
but I'm not sure if it's appropriate for her or not.
Help, please.
You know, when you hear stuff like that, it always makes me remember that there are parents and authority figures in the world
that their kid said once when Guy Fieri was on TV and their mother was like,
don't you like this guy?
And he's like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, he's great, whatever.
And then went back to like reading their book,
and their mother just clicks in their head, huge Guy Fieri fan.
This lady loves Guy Fieri.
Got it.
I'll remember that for next Christmas.
Is the show...
Get some of those Guy Fieri tickets.
Is the Guy Fieri Road show appropriate for younger audiences?
Is it TV PG?
If you leave at intermission, you're fine.
Because after intermission...
At two is where it starts to get a little not safe for work.
Before it starts, he's like, all right, is all the kids gone?
All right, fuck nuts.
Let's cook some food that's going to make you cry.
Before I make these spare ribs, let me get my balls out.
And yes, they are bleached blonde and spiky.
This is a great time to remind parents that you have got to be cautious about exposing your children to Guy Fieri.
As they're too young, they can't process it, they think they're having fun, and they could get addicted.
You think this is a good thing for your kid to be into when he or she is a little kid,
but then when he's 14, his first day of high school, and he's wearing a visor, that one's on you.
That visor's on you.
I mean, it's on your kid, but morally it's on you.
I went looking for some more information about Guy Fieri's roadshow, trying to get a concrete answer to the question,
and I stumbled on Guy Fieri's Twitter account.
Would anyone be interested in what he's been cooking up there on his Twitter feed?
Is it covered in cracklins and bacon butter?
Cooking it up big time for new season of Guy's Big Bite.
You're going to dig it.
Okay, that's pretty benign.
I feel like I ate that sentence.
Wait, Justin, could you say that again, but like he's sad about it?
Cooking it up big time for a new season of Guy's Big Bite.
You're going to dig it.
Just hit Bentonville, Arkansas for a big Walmart meeting about Guy Fieri's sausages.
God, I swear to-
Say it at a killer hotel.
I swear to God, when you're doing it, maybe it's the impression or maybe it's the words that you're saying,
he has said big several times in both these treats.
Just like all I'm hearing is just consonants, is all I'm hearing from you.
Pick a pickle, pick a pickle, pick a pickle, pick a pickle.
Don't get a pickle, pick a pickle, pick a pickle, pick a pickle, pick a pickle.
Yeah, it's funny.
There's a thing that happens in the human brain where you can leave out every fourth letter,
and people will still read it the same way.
I think maybe that's just how Guy Fieri communicates with the world as a whole,
and we just as a people have been filling in the blanks, and it's a cry for help.
Some friends of mine found my salsas in Roatan, Honduras.
Dig it.
Is that a tweet?
Does he have a secret stash of salsas in Roatan?
I think they're salsas that belong to him, I think they're salsas that he made.
They found my salsas and I had to kill them.
My secret salsa stockpile.
Apparently, so Yahoo Answers user Alana answers,
it's supposed to be family friendly, but there are reports of body jokes in innuendos.
More from the flair bartender than from Guy Fieri.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, this just in.
Reports of body jokes in innuendos coming from the Guy Fieri Roadshow.
Strike team, assemble.
It's supposed to be family friendly, but there's a little bit of body.
Film at 11.
Freedom ain't free.
To all veterans, past, present, and future, thanks for your service.
What?
It wasn't really about food as much.
I thought he said something about Fritos in the beginning.
Fritos ain't free.
Come buy me some.
I'm so sad.
Stoked to see my new line of sausages at Walmart.
Check out the four killer flavors.
And then there's a picture of him with ZZ Top and the guys from Duck Dynasty.
Perfect.
Perfection.
I'm noticing lately I'm incredibly sensitive and insulted slash hurt easily.
For one instance, I have a friend who greets me by saying, fuck you.
And while I know he's joking, it still makes me feel better.
Pretty good joke.
Hey, great joke.
Pretty good joke.
Solid goof.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
It worked on us, but we thought that Grammy thing was funny.
Also, if I go to Jack in the Box and the girls at the window don't greet me with a smile,
I feel personally responsible.
How do I grow thicker skin?
And that's from Gabriel.
The first one is like, okay.
Gabriel, you're here just in time.
Nobody owes you a smile.
You need to get over the idea that people owe you smiles.
Awesome.
No one at Jack in the Box is ever happy to see someone roll.
If anything, they're disappointed in you.
They have to paint that smile on the Jack in the Box mascot every day because just the
fumes from the fryer just like peel it off.
That is how sad that restaurant wants you to be.
Oh, Gabriel, you have got to start loving yourself a little more.
You have got to start having a little more time, a little more consideration, a little
more energy put into Project Gabriel, which sounds sweet now that I say it.
I mean, it sounds like you're saying you need to have more frequent jerk sessions.
I don't mean, I don't mean frequent jerks.
Find the time for Gabriel time.
Make the time every day at noon 15.
I don't see how the first time your friend says fuck you, if it bothers you, you tell
him.
If it doesn't bother you so much and you want to say friends with him, you tell him fuck
you back.
Or just sort of hurt him.
Just let that one ride.
And that seems like a situation that will sort of sort itself out because you do you
get pulled over by a cop like, oh, fuck you, officer.
What do you need?
License and registration?
All right.
Let me get that for you.
Fuck you real quick.
All right.
Here you go.
I really you can't.
Gabriel, right now you have what was called an external locus of control.
You're handing over everything about your demeanor and your mindset.
You're putting it in the hands of other people.
And I guarantee you when you do that, it is always it is never going to pan out because
the world's never going to care as much about your own feelings as you do.
You have got to first off, take time and build your self-confidence a little bit.
Think about all the things that are great about you, because I know there are many places
you excel.
And then once you once you've done that, start focusing on how you can make other people's
days brighter rather than how those people are making you feel.
Because I guarantee you once you start putting energy into that, it is going to come back
on you several fold.
That's it.
That's the only way to go through it.
Because you're just you're like a beautiful plastic bag floating through the air whimsically
just hoping no one, you know, films you, films you, sells it, sells it to Sam Mendes to use
it as movie.
You don't want that.
No.
Let me throw this out.
Maybe you snap.
Okay.
And your friends like, fuck you.
Like, no, fuck you.
Smack him in the face.
And when the girls the dragon box don't smile at you, you walk inside and go, why didn't
you smile at me?
Why didn't you smile at me?
Are you not happy to give me burgers and tacos?
Listen, you work at a restaurant where I could get burgers and tacos in the same box.
Like how does the farce of that should make you so happy?
I'm just saying, turn it into like a Nicholas Cage movie.
Have you not seen your own commercials?
They're hilarious.
I don't get, I don't get to see those cause we don't have any Jack in the Boxes here.
If you want, I can like DVR them.
Can you DVR them?
I can just describe them to you on the show.
Can you just tape them, Trav, and then like get a whole tape together of them and then
just mail them the tape?
Yeah.
Jack in the Box sells a dinner box cause everything does come in boxes there, true to name.
That is like, I think it's even called like the 4am box and it is for mega chiefers.
It is for people that have been sucking down the saltiest spliffs and they do not hide
it.
It is for, it's basically like two dudes sitting on a couch just like taking a bong hit and
then like blowing the smoke into their 4am box and then just like drinking down a taco.
No, I have not seen these ads.
I'm assuming you're exaggerating a little bit, but.
They definitely do the bong rips.
And at one point the dude takes off the giant white ball Jack in the Box helmet thing and
just smoke pours out of the bottom and just pours out of it.
It's been Snoop the whole time.
Yeah.
He is not as into marijuana as he once was.
It's part of his reform, part of his reformation.
I didn't know this.
Thank you for the update.
Yeah.
Gabriel, you're great.
You have great taste in podcasts.
I know that.
You have a cool name.
There's that.
There's lots of other good stuff about you.
Focus on that stuff and don't worry so much about how other people are making you feel
and stop with the Jack in the Box thing.
That's just nutty.
Yeah.
Those people have to work at Jack in the Box and every time you see them they know they're
about to hurt you with food.
Like that's a double thing that they have to overcome.
You have to be a little more generous.
You have to be a little more generous.
They should be awash with their regret.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry about this.
I'm sorry about this.
If it were up to me, I wouldn't hand this to you.
I care about you.
Hey, how about a Yahoo?
This Yahoo was sent in by Amanda Thatcher.
Thanks, Amanda.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Jessie, who asks.
How to make your own hot dog.
How do I make my own hot dog?
I would like to make a beef hot dog that is nine feet long and try to eat it in one sitting.
Also I need instructions on how to make a nine foot long bun also.
Any suggestion, fellow hot dog lovers?
All right.
You can like human centipede it.
You're going to have to take a mulligan on the bun.
You are not going to be able to make a nine feet bun.
You're going to have to make a long, long, long hot dog and then put several buns on
it.
There's no way around.
Or get a bun.
Bun step one, go to Subway and buy nine foot long, just the bread.
That would be so fucking gross, Travis.
Think about what you're saying.
Think about how big and robust those delicious Subway rolls are and then imagine like a tiny
little wiener.
Well, I really just want to see the look on the people at Subway's face and you go, I
would like nine of the Italian herb, please.
Okay.
What kind of sandwich?
No.
No.
You don't understand me.
I just, and I do need them cut down the middle, please.
That's a pretty good idea, Travis.
I wish you could buy hot dog buns at the store.
Well, no.
No.
Guys, I wish there was a place where you could get bread except for Subway.
Why did we ever give them the monopoly on bread sales?
Rachel made some banana bread yesterday and a lawyer came to our house, issued a cease
and desist right there on the spot.
Took the bread away.
Travis, Travis, you do some gross cooking.
Have you ever tried to make your own hot dog?
Would you ever consider making your own hot dog?
I know that there are people in this world that like make their own sausage.
Yeah, but I know you don't want to see that.
Sausage comes from somewhere.
There is a reason we use the phrase, this is how the sausage gets made.
There's a reason why, because it's gross as balls.
You don't want to make your own hot dog because you have to see it.
The only way to make it, and listen, if you think it doesn't bother you, okay, so eating
hot dogs, what it really is is a test of your own mental acuity and your ability to distract
yourself from facts.
As you snap into a hot dog and you taste that juicy, beefy flavor, you are swept away by
the taste, and then you think, okay, I have five inches or so left of this hot dog, and
I'm in a race to keep from remembering how hot dogs are made and the things that are
in them and the things I would never know are in them.
It's like 75% toenails, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, at least when you're doing like a bratwurst, like Italian sausage, it's like, okay, I know
that that's me.
I know what that is.
I guess, Travis, you're not a part of this conversation.
This is a conversation for fellow hot dog lovers only, so if you're going to want to
try and like go outside the box, then maybe you should excuse yourself.
It's weird that I have to realize that a hot dog is the kind of food that the bigger it
is, the more, like it's exponentially more disgusting.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm saying nine feet in by like by three feet, the reality of hot dogs is going to be soaking
into you from every angle.
Like your stomach will be so full of hot dog and all you'll be able to think about is like
that giant crazy grinder that they just throw whatever meat related products they can find
into it.
Meat adjacent.
Just meat adjacent.
Hey, uh, dog, do rocks have protein?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Just throw it in.
We made it to eight and a half feet and we're out.
What do we got?
Hey, a pig.
Hey, a pig looked at this chair.
Yeah, throw that chair right in the grinder.
Hand me that stack of invoices.
I did not know you guys were so cavalier about hating hot dogs.
I don't.
What I'm saying, Griffin, is that some things you have to just eat them and not think about
it too much.
It's about distraction.
And I'm saying you're going to lose the distraction game if you are eating nine feet of hot dogs.
Unless, unless you're fucking Kobayashi.
Okay.
I bet that dude could drain a niner in, I would say, probably 80 seconds.
It's like you walk by in your kitchen and you're like, where's that nine foot hot dog
I made for myself?
I literally just made it.
It took me a week.
And you look over and Kobayashi's just like burping.
He's like, I didn't even know what I was doing.
Do you think because it's so long, there's no table that can fit it and here I have to
put it on the ground and then he'd also have to lay on the ground and it would look kind
of like Pac-Man?
Yeah.
Just like walk, walk, walk, walk.
It would look like he's doing the worm.
Don't you think it would be cool if there's a nine foot hot dog and one end was Scooby
Doo and the other end was Shaggy and they like ate it.
Oh, and you put like a dab of ketchup right in the center and it's you race to the ketchup.
Then they kind of kissed and they're like, whoa, that was an accident, but then they
kind of liked it.
Do you want to do it again?
Yeah.
And then they just kind of keep kissing and then Fred's there and he's like, you guys
keep going and I'll just snap some pictures.
I got a Scooby snack for you and then he does touch himself.
There is no way you're going to be able to transport a nine foot long hot dog and have
it maintain structural integrity without several people having their hands on it.
Like no question, right?
You can buy 10 foot PVC pipe at Home Depot so you just need to construct some kind of
tubular carrying device.
You know what you need?
It's a coffin, it's just a big coffin and you lay the big hot dog down in it and then
you can dress it.
It'll be like one of those little paper trays that they give you at the ballpark with the
hot dog, but it's giant and then you can go ahead and eat it and then you just lie right
down in it because then you're done.
Because then you're done.
That's your last accomplishment.
You're inducing the end of your life, but hey, what a way to go, you know what I mean?
How come Kevorkian never thought of jamming a nine foot hot dog?
I watched it drift off.
The head says, I can't believe I ate the whole thing and then died.
It is your right.
I believe to end your life however you see fit and in your case, I believe the best approach
would be to slam one of these juicy ballpark frags.
Just slam, not just one, a niner.
A niner.
Listen.
I know a guy.
I know a guy.
He can make you a niner.
All you do is drain it, do it fast enough, and the pain is over.
The pain is just beginning, but your death will soon follow, so it wasn't a huge deal.
You're at foot six like, Doc, I don't know if I can do it.
You got to push through, baby.
Sweet release on the other end.
And he's saying, do it, Adam, for Man vs. Food.
Do it.
This week on the series finale of Man vs. Food and also Adam.
Adam's finale of the series of his life.
And today, food won.
Let's go to the money zone.
At everybody's part of Hulu.com, Hulu.com is a staple.
It's probably everybody's homepage at this point, but Hulu Plus is beyond that.
It's beyond Hulu.com.
If there was something better, if it was Hulu 2, the sequel to Hulu.com, it would be Hulu
Plus.
You can watch thousands of shows all from your living room or on your smartphone or
your tablet.
They've got movies, too.
And there's tons of shows, like SNL, Jimmy Kimmel Live, Shark Tank, man, I love Shark
Tank.
Do you guys love Shark Tank?
I know we talk about it sometimes, but I love Shark Tank.
I like watching snake oil salesmen just get fucking screwed.
Mark Cuban really took down that guy that was selling a diet pill.
They've also got Lost, Law & Order, SVU, Doctor Who, Community.
There's so many things, and there's new shows that they just made up.
There's original shows that you can't watch anywhere else, like The Wrong Man's and Behind
the Mask, which is a documentary series about mascots, super fascinating.
It's $8 a month, but you know you're not gonna pay that here.
This is my brother, my brother, and me.
For those first two weeks, you're not gonna pay eight bucks, you're not gonna pay seven,
and you're not even gonna pay six, like you may all be thinking.
But they're also not gonna pay you money.
It just balances out in the middle.
Okay, listen.
We're gonna be straight up with you.
There's a lot of numbers you're not gonna pay.
There's so many numbers, and you're not gonna pay any of them.
750?
No.
Stop wasting our time?
No.
Stop wasting our time.
Guys, what I'm prepared to offer you, I'm a representative of Hulu.com, I'm prepared
to offer you, if it's acceptable for those first two weeks, the price of $2 for the first
two weeks.
What do you think?
Huh, audience?
How's that sound?
$2 a week?
No!
Lower!
Not good enough.
Okay.
Gosh, I don't know.
I'm gonna get in trouble with this guy back at the home office.
Can you just say the price of a thing?
We've just been doing this for so, it's free, it's free, it's free.
Can we also get some, like, rope, and maybe some kind of, like, knife and sharpening device?
Uh, yes.
I'll give you a knife sharpener and the car wax and HuluPlus.com for the first two weeks
for free.
Just go to HuluPlus.com slash my brother and get that free trial.
I guess a little editor's note, they won't give you rope and car wax.
Probably not.
Well, I mean, ask.
Travis, were you trying to think of, like, one of the add-on gadgets that they'd give
away on Amazing Discoveries and you came up with rope?
There was always rope.
It was always, like, I'm gonna throw in this, like, clothesline.
I shit you not, I'm not, it was, like, everywhere.
And we'll throw in this rope.
More!
Well, obviously more.
Going on way too long and that HuluPlus ad sure made me hungry.
Mm-hmm.
Does anybody have any solutions for that?
You gonna eat something?
Can I recommend a nine-foot hot dog?
Okay, I don't, I don't need all those, all that stuff in there.
All the, like, CBC and DMT and PVP, DMX, JTT.
I don't need to eat a hot dog made of Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
Thank you for offering, Jonathan, a hot dog made from your body.
You are the giving tree of humans, but I am not interested.
What I am interested in is that nature box.
Listen, Jesse, you said you're gonna lose weight this new year.
Let me tell you straight up, you've been doing a pretty shitty job of it so far.
Okay.
I don't care if you have actually lost weight, you can do it better by eating healthier food.
So instead of going to that vending machine, pressing that J5 to get, like, a pack of Starbursts
and that's lunch, no, you can snack smarter with a nature box.
It's a box that gets delivered to you, filled with great tasting and healthy snacks sent
right to your door.
So when you say healthy snacks, you mean like that, like a celery wrapped in carrots?
No, yes, that's exactly what, it's a celery wearing a carrot bow tie.
No, how about French toast granola?
Yum.
How about a salted caramel pretzel pop?
Every word that I just said in that, in those four words, salted, yes.
Salted caramel, pretzel, sure, pops, my favorite food delivery form.
Dark cocoa almonds, whatever.
They have them and they will fill you up in your guts and they will leave you satisfied
and healthy.
They probably really screw you on the shipping though, right?
Oh, God, Travis.
Did you read the fucking talking points?
I can't read.
It's free shipping.
Because you know why?
Nature's free shipping.
If an acorn falls out of a tree, the tree's not like, that'll be $1.99 for Express Post.
It's 50% off right now.
That's the best part.
You can use the coupon code MYBROTHER.
That's naturebox.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Go snack smarter and 20 forward.
Get a handle on your hunger and your health.
One more time, naturebox.com, promo code MYBROTHER.
Real quick, I want you guys to visit, this is a website, so get your typing fingers ready.
Notarealjob.com or notarealjob.com slash iTunes if you want to subscribe via iTunes.
It's a marketing podcast.
It's better than all the other shitty marketing podcasts that's out there because it's actually
fun and funny and useful.
The hosts who they have noted are huge Bim Bam fans are Chris Van Patten and Joel Kelly
and they answer questions and just add advice.
Watch it guys.
About digital marketing and small businesses and writing and productivity and all kinds
of good stuff about running a biz.
It's funny.
It's insightful.
Notarealjob is your new favorite marketing podcast of yours.
How do I sell myself?
How do I get out there?
How do I turn my body into hot dogs?
How do I improve my brand?
You can go to notarealjob.com slash iTunes and subscribe.
I'm Barbara Gray and I'm weird for beards.
I'm Tess Barker and I have good tastes and bad ideas.
I'm Brandi Posey and I've been dead the whole time.
We're Lady2Lady, a new podcast on maximum fun.
It's the three of us girls, a fourth girl that we invite to come hang out with us and
sometimes characters that drop in.
We're weird.
We're fun.
We're here.
We're queer.
We're here.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're queer.
We're weird.
We're enjoy.
We're queer.
We're here.
We're queer.
You're confused.
We're weird.
We're fun.
We're here.
We're queer.
We're here.
We like beer.
You can find us on iTunes or Maximumfun.org.
See you soon.
And this next message is for Brent.
I'm gonna go with Tigalore.
Tigalore.
And it's from Alison and Alison says, Happy 30th birthday sweet cans.
Love you more than pickles.
I don't...
It's pretty huge.
I mean, if Alison likes pickles.
If Allison does not like pickles,
this is in no way flattering.
I'm not, I'm just not okay with her
sort of objectifying his body.
Wait, what are?
No, he's into canning.
Oh, maybe that's it.
He cans a lot of his own like fruits.
He makes sweet cans.
Cans are like breasts, right?
No, it's buttocks.
It's buttocks.
Oh, is it?
I thought so.
See, that's the thing.
I think it's like a blanket term
that can be anything that you find good.
Sweet can.
Sweet cans is like your individual butt cheeks.
The only way Griffin would be comfortable
with objectifying Brent is if the object
she's turning him into is a hot dog.
Right.
He seems very big on that.
And if the person is specifically Jonathan Taylor Thomas,
whose waxy skin is really capable of casing in those meats
and like really keeping them there.
Nine feet long, you gotta worry about like structural issues.
JTT's tallowy, tallowy stretchy skin
will just wrap right around there.
And that is a crispy bite.
So happy birthday, Brent.
It's all downhill.
I mean, it's not bad skin.
It's just like-
I recently got married.
It's some solid skin.
You know what I mean?
He's a very shiny individual.
I recently got married.
And I hope that the two newlywed McElroys
and one veteran can help me out.
I am having trouble getting used to my wedding ring.
It starts off fine, but after 15 minutes,
it drives me crazy.
I've never worn rings or watches before.
This is a new thing for me.
Please, how do I get used to this permanent addition
to my hand?
That's from David.
David, here's a story.
I used to be just like you.
I would take off my ring to sleep because it drove me crazy.
I would take off the ring to shower because,
I don't know, it seemed like the thing to do.
And when I was on my-
I would take off my ring to cruise chicks.
I would definitely take off my ring to cruise babes.
I left my ring on the toilet.
And this was when I was on my honeymoon.
I left my ring on the toilet.
And then my wife and I were walking around London.
She said, do you feel like you forgot anything?
And I said, no.
And then she had my wedding ring.
And I thought, well, I cannot be trusted
to take this thing off.
So I'm just gonna have to lump it.
And I don't know how long it took, just a few weeks,
but it feels pretty natural now.
I'm pretty much used to it.
Did you take your ring off to sleep
in case you had a dream fantasy
where you had sex with the cartoon MC Scat Cat
and it'd be adultery otherwise?
So you sort of take the ring off for protection?
I'm just a tremendous honey
that needs specific sleep conditions
that even the slightest temperature variation-
Oh my, it was the proverbial pee under your mattress.
Yeah, it's not.
Yeah, you're not that far off.
But anyway, now I never take it off
and I'm completely used to it.
I have to take off my wedding ring when I work
for the horrifying phenomenon known as gloving
that can happen when working with machinery
and construction where something catches your ring
and then tears the skin off of your finger
in one whole piece like a glove.
Danny Glover comes in and bites your finger off
if you're working around large pieces of machinery
because he is very scared of those.
For me, it gets in the way of my gaming time
because I need to be pretty dexterous with these digits
if I'm playing in the competitive StarCraft circuit.
My APM, that's actions per minute,
really do diminish if I have this big clunky,
it's basically a handcuff for your finger.
And I just find it really hard to stay
at the top of the ladder.
Are you guys used to wearing rings by now?
Travis, you've worn rings I think from time to time before
but Griffin, are you pretty comfortable with it?
One time I bought a ring that was just like
a little tribal fire thing.
I did buy that at Hot Topic and I wore that,
I think actually on my wedding ring finger
so that actually sort of eased me into this process.
I don't think I ever bought anything
at Hot Topic I'm proud of now.
You seem pretty proud of it in that story.
Like you didn't shy away from it at all.
I bought a sweet tribal fire ring that I wore with,
I know you're wondering, Griffin, did you wear this
at the same time as the goggles that you also bought
from Hot Topic and the answer to this is yes.
Yes, because there's no such thing as too much look.
Don't let the fashion police convince you
that there's such a thing as too much look.
That's a lie.
I probably would be more used to wearing my wedding ring
if I would remember to put it back on.
Because I have to take it off when I go on stage
for Hamlet because my character is not married.
And at this point I have three wedding rings
because I am prone to losing things
so I have three separate ones
and I have left all of them at the theater.
Perfect.
Yeah, so I'm really nailing it on this whole ring game.
You know what I mean?
So far to sum up our advice from Justin,
from Justin, like it or lump it.
From Griffin, go back in time, buy a ring at Hot Topic
and wear it.
From Travis, eh, screw it.
Just as long as no one notices.
Yeah.
Can you wear all three rings, Trav?
What?
Just turn your finger in like a big roll of Lifesavers?
You could, oh, what if you just tattooed a ring
on your finger?
I love that.
No, I'm sure there are people that do that.
Isn't it weird how if you wear one ring
it salts your game, but if you wear many rings,
you're Mystery and the Pickup Artist and you're great,
your game is great again.
Are you suggesting that Mystery has great game?
What I'm saying to you is that.
What game is he good at?
I'll tell you what game he's bad at, StarCraft,
because you really need to have light hands.
I just moved out two months ago with a new roommate,
a friend of mine, not a stranger,
and things are going great.
He's a tidy dude who spends a lot of nights
out of the apartment, sorry,
but when we do cross paths,
our interactions are totally pleasant.
A few months before we moved in together,
I started dating someone
and things have rapidly gotten serious between us.
Although I think it's a big step to take after four months,
we would like to be living together.
The question is would I be a jerk if I moved out right now
after a roommate and I basically finished unpacking,
or is there a certain amount of time
I should wait before I bail?
We have a one-year lease,
but I don't think it'll be hard to find someone
to take it over.
What is the best way to bring up
that I suddenly wanna move out
so he doesn't think I'm a flake forever?
That's from a mover, not a shaker.
You've already answered your question
and the appropriate amount of time to wait is one year,
so the lease is over.
I feel like it's fine if you,
I feel like you have to tell your friend that like,
hey, I'm about to do something rash,
but it's not gonna be so rash
that I'm not gonna give you time to handle it.
Can you try to find another roommate?
Like, I don't,
listen, I'ma fuck you.
That's just how it is.
Like, that's just how it is,
matters of the heart. I'ma fuck you right now.
But I can fuck you less.
It's gonna suck for you. You can lighten the load.
You can lessen the burden.
You tell me if I'm being a butthole.
Okay.
I think.
Probably.
Yes, you are.
Okay, great.
Listen, Teresa and I moved in together after four months
because both of our leases were ending
and it was either that or like get two separate apartments
and spend the whole time in each other's houses.
So I don't know that it's necessarily about the time
so much as it is the inconvenience to me
of like, I completely get wanting to,
but there's no impetus to do it that quickly.
So why not plan on doing that
and then do it when your lease is up?
That's like, to me, that makes perfect sense.
How is that even butthole-y at all?
Yeah, that's the thing is like, you wanna do it, great.
So plan on doing it
and then do it when your lease is up.
Like if you feel that you have to rush it so fast,
that's, you know, there's no need to rush it.
If it's true love and you mean something, then wait.
You're also rushing a great part of the dating process.
I mean.
The terrifying indecision
where you think you wanna move in with a person,
but you think about like the first time
you walk in on them pooping
and what that is going to do to your whole dynamic.
Teresa and I have lived together for four and a half years.
Now I am more married and that still has not happened
because we are very careful.
Yeah.
There's a whole airlock system if you move through the rooms
and you call out from room to room,
I'm 10 feet away, I'm five feet away.
We have a system of bells.
It's basically a hand bell
like you would use in a hand bell choir
and while you're pooping,
you have to constantly be ringing it.
My wife has never done that.
So I don't know, it's not a problem for us.
That is true.
That is a weird medical condition that Sydney has,
which she does not number two.
She doesn't. She doesn't.
She doesn't remind me of frequent.
But you really, if you look at all the facts,
this isn't like you can't be with this person.
Like if this was a grand act of romance
where you had to break your lease
to follow a person across the country,
I think it would be rash but necessary.
Right now what you're doing is just it's rash
and it could be hurtful
and it would be really hard to walk back
if it doesn't pan out.
After like another eight months,
assuming you started dated when your lease began,
it's kind of hard to figure that out.
I mean, I think you're in a good situation.
Like run with it.
You need to appreciate this unicorn that you've ensnared
in the form of a roommate
that is not just an absolute shithead.
Also scientifically speaking,
or rather statistically speaking,
by month six of living with this roommate,
it is undeniable that you would do anything to fuck them.
Like you, things are going good now.
I'm really happy to hear it.
You will hate this person.
Okay, so when you said fuck then.
No, I mean you will hate this person in two months,
guaranteed, no question about it.
No one has ever lived with someone
that they weren't like dating or married to
that has not wanted the other person
to in some small way die.
So if you just wait,
then you're gonna be able to move out
and feel great about it.
But right now you're gonna carry a lot of guilt.
You have to let this thing run its terrible, terrible course.
And let me throw this out.
Your boyfriend's probably gonna be over at your place
most nights anyways.
It's not like you're not gonna see each other.
So I would say just after a while,
maybe after like six or eight months,
you're not gonna notice the difference anyways
and then your lease ends
and you guys are gonna move in together.
Eight months is gonna pass really quickly.
Yeah, and then eight years and then 80 years
and then that was your life.
There is no reason to rush this relationship.
No, there is a reason to rush into this next Yahoo.
This Yahoo was sent in by gotta catch em all.
Okay, mom.
Thank you, it's by Yahoo answer user Janine who asks,
will I get arrested for an internet fight here?
Moments ago I got into an internet fight
with someone, I'm seriously trying to apologize
to this person because I seriously don't know
what came over me.
Will I get arrested for the fight?
Because to be honest with you, I'm afraid.
Like really, I'm seriously crying my eyes out.
That's how afraid and sorry I am.
What did you do?
What did you do on the internet?
What could you possibly have done?
They were like, oh no, I took this too far.
Not again.
This is a bridge too far,
I'm gonna have to change my internet name.
I don't even think, you know like physically harm somebody
but sometimes emotional harm.
This is what's so fucked up about our legal system, right?
If Travis and I are at Cheddar's
and I punch Travis in the jaw,
then that's assault, right?
Or battery, or both.
And he can file charges and I can go to prison for that.
Correct, and I would.
And he would do that.
And he has.
And he has done that.
And that's why I'm. That's in the past.
I'm not allowed in.
Why are you dreshing this up?
I'm not allowed in any Cheddar's anymore
for this exact reason.
I'm actually legally only allowed to be in Cheddar's.
I'm recording from a Cheddar's right now.
It's the only place I'm safe from.
Travis is in Cheddar's house arrest.
It's the only place he's safe from my wrath.
If Travis leaves the Cheddar's, I have an alert.
He's wearing a reverse ankle bracelet
that will tell me when he's left the Cheddar's.
I will come down on him like a fucking albatross.
Luckily, there's a set of tubes, underground tubes
that connect all the Cheddar's in America
so that I'm able to travel from place to place.
It's the underground Cheddar's railroad.
Is the oven keeping me safe?
Travis is still working out a plan
to get Griffin to punch him at a cinema arc
so he can see 12 Years of the Slay.
Right.
Okay, so back to the story.
I punch Travis in the jaw at a Cheddar's
and I went to prison for that.
If I say, but if I tell Travis like,
hey, you're looking a little doughy,
then I have done an emotional harm to Travis
that I think rivals the jaw punch that I did to him.
Although I did punch him.
Well, what are your jaw punches, certainly?
Yeah.
I can't go to jail for that, can I?
It's assault of a different kind.
I hurt him, not in his jaw, but in his heart.
Like, I think that that's probably a prisonable offense.
So your argument is that we should begin
arresting people for saying hurtful things.
Right, and because you can't punch someone
through the internet, but you can tell someone
they're looking a little Marlon Brando later years,
doughy, then you should go to jail for that.
Does that make sense?
Am I making any sense right now?
No, I completely understand what you're saying.
But it would have to be like a separate prison
because you don't want to be the guy
who rolls up to prison on the first day
and somebody's like, yeah, I stabbed three dudes
when I was robbing a store.
What did you do?
I was like, I told somebody that they were looking
really tired and had crows feet.
Yeah, you know, stabbing three dudes
while robbing a store really is the perfect crime.
You really got like, in the crimes per minute ratio,
like you did actually pretty great there.
Yeah, I stabbed three dudes while I was robbing
a liquor store, and then I turned to the proprietor
of the liquor store and I said, hey fat ass, bye.
So yeah, I'm here.
And because you called him fat, you got arrested.
I got 15 years for the stabbings,
another eight for the robbery,
and then I got 35 years for saying he was fat.
We really need to take a look at this system.
What really, the bad thing about this system
is that, you know, it's gonna be a light sentence.
It's gonna be a slap on the wrist, right?
So the person goes in, they serve their time,
but then they're allowed to call you fat
whenever they want to, the double jeopardy.
You didn't even consider that.
I would like to see those scared straight meanings though.
You think it's fun to tell your friend
that his hair looks bad today?
I told my friend that once, now I don't have hair.
Because the barbers are really bad in prison.
You guys think you're tough, you're just a bunch of pussies.
Oh, wait, shit!
Ah, damn it, god damn it.
That's another six months.
Well, son of a bitch.
I'm so stupid.
No, wait, fuck!
Ah, shit, god damn it.
Listen, this has been a lot of fun,
but I have talked all I'm willing to.
I have helped all the people that I physically can today.
I've grown weary.
I've entered, by the way, as I age,
I've entered now my like, my James Brown phase
where after all the advice, I'm physically
and spiritually exhausted.
I needed someone to come put a cape on me
so I could make my way off stage.
Thank you to everybody tweeting about the show.
Like Tiffany N, Mike Ditchburn, Lee, Captain Spiffy,
Sam Houston, AKA Shmeards, Recovery Ninja Cat,
Eli Wagner, Jared Zweiger, Tyler Matheson, Matt Milko,
Fred Trunks, Justin Schmorman, Scuttlebutt, so many others.
Big, big thank you to Tyler Crowley,
who, excitingly, while we were recording this episode,
just released a new episode of his Mabim-baminations.
Oh, man, sweet.
I know, animated bits from My Brother, My Brother and Me,
and you can find his Twitter at Agent O'Hara.
Oh, and thanks to Megan Knott.
She made the My Brother, My Brother and Me cat,
us as cats, GIF.
We tweeted it a day or two ago.
It's both mesmerizing and adorable,
and my favorite thing about it is that my cat
has little cat genitals.
You can also find, by the way, that cartoon is on YouTube.
Just search for Crotoons, C-R-O-W-toons.
There are lots of other programs you can listen to
on the Maximum Fun Network, which we are a proud member of,
like Jordan Jesse Goes, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Judge John Hodgman, many, many others.
Oh, no, Ross and Carrie.
Again, just wanna thank Nature Box.
Go to Nature Box.
You can order some great-tasting, super-healthy snacks.
You can smack smarter, smack people smarter
and harder in the new year.
Get 50% off your first order.
Just use the promo code My Brother.
Thanks to John Roderick in the long winter
for the use of the theme song It's a Departure
off the album Puttin' the Days to Bed.
That's the music we use.
You can find it on iTunes.
You can find it on other services like iTunes, probably.
And that's gonna do it for us?
Oh, and we're gonna have a special guest
in the next week or two on the show.
We're gonna have a, I'm calling it a guest-bert,
but I think that-
I like that.
I mean, it's not- You like that?
It's not like phonetically perfect.
No, it's not pleasing in any way phonetically,
but I like it.
And this guest-bert is coming on to talk,
if you have any advice on-
Or need advice.
Gays or lesbians in the media.
That is what they are guest-bert on.
So if you have any advice-related questions
or just, you know, any kind of questions really,
I don't wanna fence you in.
Try to include guest-bert in your subject line
just so we can see how you thought to spell it
because I'm kind of curious.
I am also curious about that.
All right.
Final Yahoo, you ready?
Yeah.
Final Yahoo.
I'm ready.
Was sent in by Zach Saldivar.
Thanks, Zach.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Abby, who asks,
is it weird I'm really attracted
to Don Henley from the Eagles?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother and my brother and me.
Kiss your dads.
Oh, air on the lips.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hey, guys.
This is Kimberly Clark,
and you need to just calm your little self down
and get under the goose down with me and Jasper Redd.
You can catch us on Maximumfun.org,
or you can hear us on iTunes.
And no fartin' under the covers either.
