The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me and I'm in the rice show for the modular
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis macabre
O'Roy, no
Macabre sounds like it
Yeah, and I'm I'm the I'm Griffin McElroy's bones
It's the time where everybody starts changing their names on social media and stuff to be like their spooky like Halloween version their name
And I've never come up with a good one
Our name is is is difficult to terrorize
Yeah, I've really thought about this in a long time and it gets it's it's like trying to pick it in August because it's instantly
Sweaty, it's just as soon as you come up with something. It's
one time at church camp
Someone called me Gryffindor macaroni, and then I realized I would never scare anyone
Yeah, I would never impose. I would never be scary or imposing or
Impressive here. The mirror wasn't what tips you off to that. It was the Gryffindor McElroy moment. No Justin Gryffindor macaroni
That would just want to make you say it again. Yeah, it's Travis McElroy anything. Is that scary?
I don't wanna get some afraid of I'm afraid of being smacked. I don't
I got smacked one time by a friend in middle school because I kept slapping the bottom of his
Disposable camera to make the flash go off and he was worried
I was gonna overexpose the film and he slapped my face and I pointed at him and I said don't ever touch me again
walked out of the locker room where this
Conflict happened and I just want to say Mike if you're listening name the time and place
motherfucker
Yeah, it's I've been sitting on this one I've been sitting on this one for 23 years
What else you remember about Mike
Well, he he did show me a pornographic magazine that belonged to his father
We were in middle school and I don't I'm not going to give the brand of the magazine free publicity
Safe to say that it was not
the smoothest transition into my sexual awakening that
There was possibly there there was other reading material that skipped a common advanced level of pornography there was
there was an anatomical
realization that came before the
Erotic one and it made and the two got real confuddled
My 13 year old brain anyway
Like psyche and then it just sort of took wrong turns in the different roads that they weren't supposed to head down
Mike also gave me a heads up that I was being cheated on in college one time
So I think we're square Mike keep keep on keep on going strong. We don't have to fight
What are we doing? What do we do? What Mike? What are we talking about scary stuff Travis?
Did you have a comment about scary things like the the beginning of the Halloween season or do you want to officially?
Commence it because if you commit this is a problem with commencing Halloween season is that you have commit like that's the Christmas Creek
I think I think and I have a strong stance on this if I
That is shocking to me that I have a strong feeling about this the year part a holiday
Benefits from the addition of decorations on your house, which I believe Halloween does it should start
Earlier than a normal holiday season because the effort it would take to put up decorations
Right should be rewarded with the time of them being viewed and appreciated
So like I don't think you'd say like you can't put up Halloween decorations until like two weeks before that's too short
I think a window of time of two months prior
Oh
As soon as we hit
Listen, you can point at a calendar. Are you jabronis?
Sorry for calling you jabronis and say the actual first day of fall is in like September
21st or whatever and it's like yeah, man, but we all know September
Timber first is false September is not a summer month if anybody out of context said, you know
The summer months like June July August September. They'd be like, what are you talking about?
And you're like, well the majority of September is summer get the fuck out
Think about this way. Does anybody ever said oh my favorite winter holiday st. Patrick's Day. No
No, it's not that's in the spring
Guys, I love millennial Seinfeld as much as the next guy. But hey Griffin, are you just realizing that that's what this show is? I
I hate Trav. I fucking refuse to accept that. There's no there's no way
Okay, Griffin's in a mood. Let's talk about it Griffin's in a mood where Travis and I find Griffin in this
sometimes where it's like I
Don't like that joke
I
Prefer another joke. I don't have I don't I don't have an alternative joke
Say I have this to say about Halloween the best Halloween innovation in the last decade has been the big skeleton that people I guess
Have been buying at I don't know where you get big skeleton. It's kind of Halloween
I don't think they have them at your local Costco the sign I at Lowe's yesterday
There was a sign that was like one giant skeleton per customer. It's a real issue. So I do think that
Mr. Biden if we could get one of those sent to every American household and
Then there would be a date prescribed by the government that you do put your big skeleton out
and then as you walk around the neighborhood, it reminds you that
Trick-or-treat is coming. Costume kids are coming
The grave just to keep that. Yeah, as a scary grave, then
That's a holiday. I can get into I would also say I think Biden should pass an amendment
That says like when you get your big skeleton up. No adorning it with any political statements
No, we don't want him holding a sign or wearing a hat if you know what I mean
Like this is a purely apolitical stance on skeleton awareness
Maybe in Christmas. There's a sort of skin wrap
You can put on it to make it look like a Jack Skellington put the beard on it. You put the hat on no
I'm talking about a full
epi
Like epidermis
Sort of like a real skin when I say skin wrap. I don't mean a costume you put on the skeleton
I mean you make it a real a real boy, but a Santa Claus
Do you think that there was an original draft of Nightmare Before Christmas?
While where they were like, well, I think I think Jack Skellington knows that Santa should be like rotund
So what he's going to do is he's going to pop
He's going to pop Santa's skeleton out of his butt and he's going to climb in there and wear a Santa suit
And they said well save this for Tim Allen vehicle that's coming up and instead. Oh Justin's challenged by this idea
Justin and I had to stand up to think about Santa Claus's skeleton. Here's what I'm thinking guys. Okay. I'm going to think about this
No, no, no, no, this is like this is we're it's about we're about to get rich. Okay. Whoa. Whoa. Yeah, I know
Big Santa
Yeah, it's something I do sometimes
Sure. Big
Uh, Jack Skellington is something I do sometimes right? Yeah, but what about like like just what if the skeleton could just be a different big man?
For every holiday. Yeah, sure, right. So like you have big skeleton
That it's spooky, right?
Christmas
I mean makes it sound great
Right you wrap the Santa suit on him done. Yeah, good huge robe beard scythe
Father time sure. Are you like a diaper on the skeleton? He's like no save the diaper diaper
At midnight you rip the
Toga off the skeleton and it's wearing a diaper now and now it's just like why do we have so many different huge men?
Let's have one huge man that you dress up for any holiday
You want veterans day make him a soldier memorial day now, but is there always a skeleton underneath memorial day back to us?
back what yeah Travis that was going to be my joke before Travis did make sure to jump right in there and
Cut that cut that off. Sorry. I was just I wasn't even making a joke. I'm imagining the transitional period where
between each
Holiday, you do have to strip it back to a skeleton
And then dress it you're legally not allowed to do that while people are awake
You have to go door to door and knock on everyone's door and say are you guys out and they'll say yeah
And then you go and yeah, and you say tonight's my skeleton night
So don't come out and do your skeleton because we can't see each other do it. These are Biden issued
They call them they call them bitey bones because Biden said the pandemic's over. I got all this money
We're gonna do bitey bones
And everyone says all right, I'm ready and then the bitey bones just start showing up by the truckload
Every household gets a bitey pre-asset pre-asset multi-family housing. Every family gets a bitey bone
It's just a yard of skeletons outside. That's fun. Now. I do like it being pre-assembled and maybe like
It's still kind of warm and the bones are moist and hot like real boat and Biden's like don't ask questions
I got resources about the mighty bones
Um, but let's just say I got a lot of these laying around in a certain area in the desert
Hold on. Wait, hold on. Wait
Okay. Yeah, they they say all religions can be on the bitey bones. It's no problem if you want to do
Even if you belong or yeah, if if you belong to a religion that is like strictly anti-skeleton
Yeah, it said then it's okay. It's still okay because you still okay. You got a special permission slip from President Biden
Yeah, Biden says it's fine. These are a religious
apolitical skeletons
That you can dress up like anything you want you are making me so hugely uncomfortable not because you're standing but because you're kind of
Rocking back and forth. This is like me stand
Yeah, no, you look like you're a new judge on shark tank who does who very publicly does cocaine
And maybe it's also made some bad investments and really needs this one to work out
What?
What where is that?
Where is that episode of shark tank where you get the basketball player?
Who's like this wealthy but and he's but he needs he really needs one of these to work and you say it's a sure thing
It's a sure thing. It's a sure thing
All right, I'm willing to invest 20 million dollars in your frog warmers and the other sharks like don't do no
Hey, can't they can't accept that much money. It's like don't do this. It's a sure thing. They said so everyone's gonna want a frog warmer
20 million dollars for 500 percent of frog warmers
Let it ride
Let it ride baby. Let's see where this thing takes us. This is a this is an advice show where we uh,
You ask us a question you send it to
Mbmbam at maximum fun.org and then we answer it. It's like not a big
It doesn't it doesn't have to be a big thing. Don't make like yeah, don't make like an issue out of it. Okay?
um
I'm currently studying elementary education and I have a lot of experience working with kids on reading slash writing
In july my coworker and I began discussing the possibility of me tutoring his son in reading
He kept setting dates for us to meet for a tutoring session and then changed the date at the last minute
Eventually, he ended up sending me a hundred dollars
I guess to hold himself accountable to actually following through with tutoring
It is now september and I still have not tutored his son
The money is still in my venmo account and we haven't discussed the tutoring topic in weeks
I would very much like this money. Is there a point where it's okay for me to take the money?
Should I send it back? That's from broken birmingham. Oh my god. I feel like
I'm hearing the opposite side of most interactions people have had with me
And it's very very stressful to me
I feel like i've been this other person and i've been thinking i'm sure they're not thinking about this anymore
Right because right i'm just i'm just feeling guilty about it all the time
But they've probably forgotten and this question is like I haven't forgotten justin
And not only that
I was confused
By what you thought was a very clear indicator that the transaction was over because that's what I assumed the hundred dollars is
Is like you know what? This isn't gonna happen, but I feel so bad that I jerked this person's chain
So like i'm just gonna like give them the money
We agreed on that does feel like somebody was like I can't be guiltless. I can't feel bad about this anymore
Or maybe if I just do my part, they'll just find a chance and just find dirk somewhere in an alley and tutor him
I don't know. Maybe let's seek him out some tutoring on the fly. Hey, are you really good?
Okay
They never arranged the tutoring but then dirk just started like crushing it with everything
He tried to be like, I guess he's tutoring somewhere. I don't know about it, but i'll send him a hundred bucks just to be safe
This is a breach of etiquette. I feel like there there needs to be a law
about sending people
Funds and maybe i'm just saying this because people have sent me funds and then be like and now what are you gonna do?
About that the money I have sent you
uh
It's a breach
It's so it's not a nice thing to do to just send somebody money and be like you figure out what you need to do
For me now, it's you clearly owe me one
Figure out what that is. No, I guess you have the expectation
It is a weird inverse of capitalism if there's an expectation that you will be repaid in some way for you
Because I was gonna say giving money to people that's fine. Right? We could we're still fine with that. That's okay
Yeah, for sure. Okay, but if you're expecting something in return that's the problem
I think also this money is yours, right?
Because here's the thing you take that money at any point if your co-worker is like, hey, so when are we gonna schedule that thing?
right
You already have the money and if your co-worker never brings it up again, you already have the money
Yeah, you should take does vinmo you have to like take the money. No, you sadly it's in your account
Give it to you. Um, so here's what I need you to do, uh get on
craigslist or if you really want to turn a quick buck on this fiber, um and find a
reading tutor
for this boy
Yeah, but get in there
at the lowest
possible price point
that you can't find somebody who's just like
It's 20 bucks, but I only do consonants
Uh, and then and then you and then you have just made you've turned a quick profit
while also
not
Fully ripping this person off because now you're just like a tutor eight you're a tutoring agent
Well to the stars the answer is simple if dirks in like third grade you hire a fourth grader to tutor dirk
And then it's one reading level above that and like 10 bucks a fourth grader love 10 bucks
Absolutely, they would fourth graders love 10 bucks
Justin what are you looking at?
You look really lost in thought i was thinking about a story that is related to this that I wanted to share with y'all
I don't cut my own grass
Yeah, I do most of the things in my house, but that's one thing that I decided like i'm gonna pay somebody to cut
My grass because I don't I hate I hate cutting grass. I you have definitely told us about your grass boy
That does your your okay. So, um
the my grass gentleman he cut uh, uh
I came home and he cut half the lawn
And he said he texted me and he said hey, i'm sorry that I only cut half the lawn
My partner who usually helps me
Um died
And i've it's been really hard keeping up. I said, oh my god. I'm so sorry. I'll tell you what
let me go and send you the money for the for this cutting and then
You know whenever you can get back over to finish. It's like no big deal. He's like, thank you so much
But that was like a couple weeks ago now, right? So
Well now i'm in this situation where not it's not that my grass is long
Yeah, it's that half of my grass is really long
there's two options for me, right one is
Are you still?
How's it go? How's it going?
With everything with them. Yeah with the with the everything or it's just like
Find someone else to do it and then he shows up. He's like god damn
Can one thing go right? I got scooped god. I cannot catch a break
Like so now i'm kind of in between those two positions and I don't really know
I don't have my brother my brother and me, you know what I mean? You do have two brothers people forget the pagliacci
That we that we are in like what would you guys do in my position I don't it shouldn't this is so key
I don't own a lawn mower
Like I don't I don't have one. I have a weed whacker for when I need to get some intense work done
But I don't have a lawn mower. Do you have a big pair of scissors for me?
Yeah, I had a lot of good some good ripping gloves I do have two kids yeah, there you go
Yeah, have them eat the grass like goats
Get up there eat the grass like goats. You should just text the lawn mower person like hey, let's schedule the next time
You're able to come out. Are you still by yourself? We could schedule it over two days if that helps
Yeah, that's good trap. Yeah, it's not a joke
But I can see that this is really bothering my older brother and I wanted to help
You could say like I know you had trouble with the right side of the yard
But I want you to know that it's basically just like the left side of the yard, but backwards does that help?
Does that help?
Your assumption driven is that the loss of the partner made it impossible to do both halves not because it was a time issue
But because when he reached the middle boy, he's like i've never done over there before
I I had got to a point where I almost asked if I could borrow
his lawn mower
um, so I could do it, but then I worried there was a reality where she's like
That was real good. I have one other yard
Are you looking for a side gig
It's like I do three or four yards because I feel so guilty that it's like wait a minute
I think I work for this guy now and then you find that it's your new passion and it's just like oh
What do I tell my brothers? How about another you guys want another question? Yeah. Yeah, you know what I really do
Or you know how we've been talking about starting our own band. Yeah
Yeah
The wizard had some help
For us eric sent this one in and it's how to find an interesting name for your band
And it can't be the mackerel brothers because that's actually taken I found out recently
There's like three mackerel brothers who do I believe it's called commercial rock or something, which doesn't seem like a thing
Well, we do kind of commercial rock do we like we well we have sponsors on the show and I think that our
comedy style
Really rocks. Well, we've covered we do scatting we do jingles. Yeah, um, we've done some musicals
Yeah, but we really shred these jokes
Are you looking for a catchy name for your band the name your band chooses can make the difference between success and failure
I think anecdotally I can think of a few bands that
Have some of the worst names i've ever heard in my life that managed to really take off. Yeah, um and find a lot of success
like cold play
I that's not that doesn't mean anything. Anyway learning the rules of good band names keep it short
Think about it. How many band names do you know that are more than three words long?
Not many. That's the rule of thumb. No more than three words long
You want people to be able to spell and pronounce your name?
Mostly you just want people to be sure they remember it. Can you abbreviate your band name easily?
That can be helpful for merchandising purposes. That's one reason that nine inch nails chose its name
Can we just all three i'm just gonna a quick test here off the top of your head. What's the most memorable band name?
We're gonna i'm gonna count down from three
Uh and on go say the most memorable band name. Okay, you ready?
Wait, the most memorable band name? Yeah, the band like when you think of a band name, right?
What what the first one the band itself, right? Like
Yeah, the work the just the name of the band
Right. Ready? Three two one go who cherry pop and daddy's is not a band
Is a singer now justin you say hubastank. That's a good hubastank
Hubastanks, i'll know that for the rest of my life. I'll never not know hubasek and i said cherry pop and daddies, which is uh,
Horrible, obviously obviously here also, that's so interesting, uh to hear you say and it's not the first time
God it's memorable really sticks in now griffin. You said a human being's name. Am I correct? Yeah, that felt fucked up
Because this is a real person
Ingleborg happening. Yeah, yeah
Okay, I would say red hot chili peppers because it's i'll tell you why four words four words
This is a part-time job to say the name of this band. Yeah, I have things to I have shit to do today
I have two children
I can't go around saying red hot chili peppers all the time
Just then when I said it I almost fell asleep in the middle of it
I almost needed a glass of water in the middle of saying the name of that band. They should just call it red hot pep
Or just the peppers. Oh, that's good. It'd be a better name for the band about it anthony
What's up anthony? What's up anthony? Hit me up. I got all kinds and friends
Kitas I got all kinds of great ideas for you pals. Yeah, there you go aunt flea and the rest
That's some four words damn it. You're right aunt flea rest
Aunt flea, etc, etc
Make your uh, make your name seo friendly these days you want your name to be easily findable when you search on the internet
Names are too common who bestang?
I'm, pretty sure
Every one of these bits in this question or wiki how article we could just say who bestang. Yeah, who was thanks
Well, it's like a good name for a band. Like I don't know anything about the band, but it's a good name for a band
memorable short
Avoid anything with very negative connotations. You have to know how far you can
The one I sets out
You have to know how far you can push it
Okay, wait, wait, does who was saying qualifier or this is like hooba has no
I don't think it has well. Yeah, I guess stank and no I think that stank is right
Stank's not good. Like hooba like but hooba hooba disarms you. Yeah, hooba as a as a qualifier
Hooba has his arms up. It looks like grimace. It's as arson like come here, buddy
And then it's like stank is in the back
Yeah
Corn's a fun name. I know we talk about we're a bunch of bad ass seo though
Well, except you spell with a k so that's assuming you know that in this day and age gripping
You can't assume people know
Because maybe they just hear it and then they're just talking to alexa and they're like alexa play corn
And then it plays that corn song from tiktok. You're like, no, no, no the one that goes
And alexa's like i've called the doctor for you
Um
I didn't know if there really is a corn song from tiktok, but it sounds
It sounds right. That sounds like something tiktok would have on it. You don't know about the corn boy song
Find a name that's fresh. You want to avoid band names that are cliched now because of because they were trends a long time ago
It's passe to add a number to your name boys two men seems so not now
Acronyms are out think in sync putting an exclamation point at the end of your name will date you too
Adding an extra d or t on the end of a name is kind of cliched avoid it think rat
rat
rats ratatouille, uh
Develop a vision for your band that one we've already done. Uh pop young
spirited, um
Hip now
sexy
And these are words that we can take and fold. Sorry. I was saying that for the band name
Yeah, no, that's what i'm saying. So sexy coldplay would be a good one a better one
Too many words it's it's pop
Well coldplay lets you know that it's going to be pop because this band has coldplay in it. Yeah coldplay with a k
Is that anything?
Hot hot play hot work. We've talked about hot work before we have made that no way
So find a word with meaning to you combine it with something perhaps your favorite candy bar the name of your girlfriend from
High school your hometown all these are words you could add to a band name or just uses one now
I assume when it says name of your girlfriend for high school. It doesn't mean like full name
Samantha davis three musketeers
Cindy score cindy score's not a bad name for a
love a score bar
I don't know that I thought that that was a I thought that that was a dipping tobacco. It's like a thinner heath bar
I thought it was the one what's the one that oh zero?
Oh, that's what I was thinking of with the nougat from the white chocolate use a pop culture or literary reference
Mikey way was working in the barns and noble and saw the book by Irvine Welsh entitled three tales of chemical romance
And then he came up with the name of the band
Coldplay, this is my band the so so gatsby's that's a pretty good name for a band. Thank you. Thank you
They're definitely I can't decide if they're emo or punk, but they're one of those two. Can you do screamo?
I always thought that was fun. Yeah, I can dude. Yeah screamo. That's perfect get inspiration from common products or things flowers food sewing machines
You name it look around the house. You'll find a lot of common things with interesting names
Acdc got their name from a sewing machine
Food names can also make good band names
That's what it's short for now a lot of people know that's what the h that's what the h stands for
Food names can also make good band names think black eyed peas or red hot chili peppers
So which one is it wiki? Which one of those is a good name?
Can we stay take a step back because right now you're telling me that red hot chili peppers is a good band name
But let me red hot chili peppers. That's four. Are you sure red hot's not one word?
Isn't there a candy called red hots and they're just the one word. Oh, that's right. And anthony keyda stated somebody named chili peppers
high school
Um
Pick a random name. Thanks. That's nothing sure use your own name or your initials
This is always a possibility, especially if your band has a front man
For example, the dave matthews band is simply based on one of the band members
What oh my god that makes so much it's never clicked for me before so wait
His name is dave. There's a real dave matthews. I thought it was like hooting the blowfish
Do you think that there was ever a moment when they were coming out and he was like?
what if we just called it the dave matthews band and they're like, uh dave, uh
I'm, not sure we were we were talking about a bunch of cool names
Yeah, but wouldn't it be similar if we just called it dave matthews band and like I don't think it would dave
um
So make up a new word is another one and they give the example
Metallica is the example of a band with a name that is a made-up word drummer lulz ulrich
Made up made it up while thinking about a metal magazine. That's a pretty cool. I wish I could live inside that man's
wonderful
fucking
Imaginarium of fucking dr. Parnassus my palace that he's got going on in there
It also says create a new word by misspelling a common word like corn, but that's taken unless
We wanted to do like k a u r
Okay, what about this this is the name of our band it's not it is what about corn with the c oh
Oh, oh I like that what's up everybody we're a corm did you say corm?
Zing zap a z ziba ziba, this is my band pooba stay
Are you teddy like what what did you say? Oh, man, um, make
Make sure someone else doesn't have your name. It would be a night
Wait, which one did you say I said corm can we be corn? How are you spelling it with a k? Yeah, it's fine
I can't see how that would be confusing at all. That was a competing band. Jonathan Davis started corn and a friend of his started corm
And corm was already on the rise corn had been on the scene for like two years
Corm had a c in the beginning but an m at the end
They were heading up and Jonathan Davis was like, I guess the thing that you need is for your band to be named after corm
Uh juice. I'm sorry for this one determine if the domain name is available
So corm.gov is hoomastank.com taken. It's got to be right
corm.com is available
That's gonna be a big ask though because it does look a lot like corn
I I can't imagine how it could be confusing. It's corn with an m it's different in every way develop more than one band name
No, fuck you. No, we have we struck gold here and then trademark your band name with the united states patent office
I don't is that
It took you a while to find that button because I know you didn't program that last time
Yeah, we talked about it last time but i'd switch the pads over. I know isn't that sad?
I feel like if we're gonna continue to or get now that
That came organically like do we just maybe?
Think about that corn is a lot more than other people do or are we just the only ones willing to talk about it
It's 2022
so
much stuff
Bad stuff. Yeah bad stuff has happened. Yeah since corn came on the scene
That it makes the fact that there was a band called corn that had a song that sounded like goomba
Really
Really funny to me
Yeah, like it's like we look back and it's like there were some bad there were some bad times in there
and then right before
It's like when people had to sit through hippies and stuff and they're like I miss when music was like
No now for us it's I miss when music was like
It's not even the music that I missed travis it was a more whimsical time. Oh, yeah a simpler and better time
Last time I wanted to make an announcement about the band corn. Okay
Last time
Uh, we talked about corn, which it's i'm sure it's been months now. Sorry, which band dressing corn or quorum?
Sorry, this is about corn and it is from last week. Okay, I mentioned, um heady
But the basis of corn is the name fieldy as several listeners kindly corrected me
A lot of real cornos in the audience and I did not know that a lot of cornographers
And I am uh, i'm so sorry to run afoul. Mr. Fieldy if you're listening
um
I'm, so sorry. There's no way anyone in that band listens to podcasts not one of them
There's no way anyone in corn listens to popcorn with a k i'm talking about now. You understand that not quorum
No, there's no way
Those dudes are way too fucking cool
Let's go to the money zone. It's better, it's better with you
Hi everybody, sorry to interrupt a brief program
We know the rapture did happen and only travis was scooped up. I miss him so much
And when we say only travis, we mean
In the in the world. Yeah, he's the only one with a pure soul. It was the travis sure
It was the rapture. I was hanging out with kirk cameron when it happened and he was like, wow, really?
Unbelievable, not me, huh? That stinks. Hey, uh, you you want to save a little cash, you know
It's about to be the holiday season and uh, you know, you gotta be buying gifts for people
Maybe you're trying to get out ahead of it. This would be really really ahead of it and I do doth my cap to you m'lady
But no matter if you're shopping for yourself or for gifts
Uh, why don't you try doing it with honey? It's a free browser plugin that when you're checking out
It's like hey, you want me to look for some coupon codes try to save you a few bucks
You say yeah, absolutely and then it'll it'll look around see what it can find. I have saved literally hundreds of dollars
Uh making online purchases which by me says just about uh as much about me as it does about honey
But it is uh, it's a wonderful thing to have by your side if you want to try to you know
Make your money go as far as it can
Uh, it's wonderful. It's a wonderful thing. You can get it for free. Right? Oh, oh, oh and uh,
It's not just for your desktop. You can get it on your phone too. Just uh,
Activate it on safari on your phone. You can save while you're
Driving around. Yeah, I mean not
Not driving but you know riding or what have you if you don't already have honey
You could be missing out and if you get it, you're not just doing yourself a favor
You're doing us a favor too because you're supporting the show. So get honey for free at joinhoney.com
Joinhoney.com slash brother. That's joinhoney.com slash brother
That's right. Justin the holidays are sneaking up on us and but this time we're gonna have but this time i'm ready. I have
a big knife
And it's like yeah, try and get me the holidays. Not today. You're going on the offensive
I am going on the offensive with stamps.com
A righteous blade that I use to make sure that I can make my life a whole lot easier during the chaos of the holiday
Season stamps.com is the 24 7 post office slash katana that you can access from anywhere. No lines. No traffic
No hassle no katana polish required get access to the the usps
That's the united states postal service and the ups that's oops
Services that you need to run your business right from your computer or your holidays
Also right from your computer rates are always changing no one can keep track of it
But with stamps.com switch and stay switch and save switch and save feature
Switch it and save feature. You can easily compare carriers and rates. So, you know, you're getting the best deal every time because otherwise
They're gonna try they're gonna get one over on you
But not wish not wish thompson your corner get ahead of the holiday chaos this year get started with stamps.com today
Sign up with promo code my brother for a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage and a free digital scale
No long-term commitments or contracts santa claus does need our help this year everyone last year. We all know what happened
We remember we remember so go to stamps.com. Click on the microphone at the top of the page enter code
My brother save christmas save santa claus
You
Hi i'm hal loveland and i'm mark gagliardi and we're the hosts of we got this with mark and hal the weekly show where we settle
The debates that are most important to you. That's right
What arguments are you and your friends having that you just can't settle apples or oranges marble or dc fork versus spoon?
Chocolate or vanilla best bagel? What's the best disney song? We got this with mark and howl every week on maximum fun
We do the arguing so you don't have to oh all answers are final for all people for all time. We got this
Most game shows quiz contestants about topics
They don't even care about but for more than 100 episodes the go fact yourself podcast has asked celebrity guests trivia about topics
They choose for themselves and introduce them to some of their personal heroes along the way. Oh my gosh, shut up
Oh, I feel like i'm gonna cry. Oh my stop
It's so so exciting
Join me jake heath van straten and me helen hong along with guests like dj jazzy jeff
Yardley smith roxanne gay and so many more on the trivia game show podcast
Go fact yourself twice a month every month on maximum fun
You
Uh, here's another question
I'm a high school teacher and I just had a student tell me that I look like a trail mix
I don't really know what he meant by this, but I know he intended it as an insult. What could he have possibly meant?
Why do I feel so deeply offended by this comment? What course of punishment does this deserve? I can't stop thinking about it
That's from muddled in missouri. Now. There's two. I think there's two assets devastating. Yeah, it's devastating
I mean, it's so devastating my guess as to why it cuts too deep is that you are a person who has
Multiple times in your life eaten trail mix, but you do not like make it an everyday habit
So you can't outright deny it
But it does seem like they've peeked deep into your soul to know so that like I know that in your deepest darkest hours
When no one's around you eat trail mix
And it's just like this is I have eaten trail mix before. Yeah, you're right. I do eat trail mix
This is what terrifies me
about
Getting older is I don't know
What the thing is that I do?
that I will be
utterly humiliated for
And it'll be a totally innocuous thing like eating trail mix
um
but then somebody will point it out and that person will be
Half my age and they'll point it out to their friends and they'll all laugh and then they'll get on their hover skates or whatever and
drift off
Um, and i'll be left standing there like wondering
Everything about my life why I live the way I live. Um
This is a terrifying question to me
Yeah
I would also I would find myself immediately as soon as like their back was turned or I could get away from them
Googling like is eating trail mix slang for something. Is this is eating trail mix bad to do now?
Is this like from a meme where there's like a cartoon squirrel that eats trail mix and then like shits themselves like what?
What is this in reference to it can't just be?
Trail mix, right? That's the can't be no
I've always thought of trail mix as a very neutral
food like who wouldn't enjoy trail mix there's something for everyone in there and
And how could it become a bad thing?
Is it about nuts? It's got to be something about nuts, right? Nuts are in there. Are they saying that I
Like to have nuts like a testicle. Is it a testicles thing guys gotta be testicles
You gotta tell me the testicle thing because it can't be the chocolate candy part. Everybody loves that
No, everybody loves that. They love raisins. They're not telling me I
I mean it's the seeds. It's the seeds. It's weird to have seeds in the thing
Because you plant those you're not supposed to eat them
How stupid why don't I have any seeds for so long? Fuck they're right. They're right. They're right. They're right. I should expel them
Before anyone else finds out my secret gets out seed eater
Never come back to this school again. You just you just couldn't wait. Could you seed eater?
Gotta plant this belly like a sloppy little monster
loves his seeds
You look like you eat trail mix
Oh fuck it does hurt because it's so there's no
There's no implication whatsoever. So the mind just reaches for the worst thing
It's an insult that is like it impregnates itself like I don't know. What's the worst thing you think about yourself? Yeah, right
Have you considered that you eat trail mix being the worst thing about yourself you look like you like trail mix
I do have commitment issues. Yeah
Yeah, why how did you get there? Is it are they okay? The best I can figure is that you you have a crunchy aesthetic?
and by which I mean not because of
all of the
Toothsome legumes that you're shoveling into your mouth during your your lunch hour
But i'm more talking about sort of your hiking your you you eat trail mix because you find yourself
on trails a lot
oh, you're just like a kind of a
A trail junkie, but it can't be that you actually have that lifestyle
Like you're not bringing your hiking backpack to class because you're hitting the trails afterwards
It's like you wore a flannel and a knitted beanie once and they're like, oh, okay
Ah, you're like this idea in your head where?
When a teacher comes to school, they leave no hints whatsoever of the type of person that they are
Are you kidding me? That's all I would do the yeah, that's what i'm saying. Travis. Yeah
Because you're saying you would cloak your shit so that your kids would never know anything about you. Yes
How are you supposed to connect? How are you supposed to connect? I don't want griffin
We've already established the idea of connect
Maybe that's it is like you've cloaked your shit so good the best they can infer is like
I don't know trail mix something about trail mix
I think I saw them eating m&ms once and it reminded me of trail mix
I don't know man
Because here's the thing griffin as soon as they know any aspect of your life you've given them so much ammunition
Where they see you and they're like, hey cat mom and you're like god damn it
got me
to me, I feel like
if they said that to me, I would think about the only times I eat trail mix or when i'm like
Traveling and i'm really worn out and it's like you deserve a little treat
It's been hard for you and it's like they see me this is like a little baby that needs his bottom powdered and it's just like
a little
Little wimp who needs oh no energy
actually
Hey
Yeah, the only time I eat trail mix is when I am flying to one of our many
sold out
entertainment
Engagements tickets on sale
Right now for the shows this week if there's any so there's so many left. There's so many left. Please buy tickets
The only time I eat trail mix is when I am
Jet setting that's true from one city to the next
leaving crowds of people stupefied with my great jokes and so
Trail mix is not the food of some crunchy waistoid
Uh, that's someone who has so many other great comedy shows to do. Yeah, they only have time for a handful of food
So it better have a little bit of everything in there if I was a crunchy if I was a crunchy waistoid
I'd call it gourd because I am
a
Businessman. Yeah, essentially, uh who eats trail mix because it has the protein I crave
It has the carbohydrates and sugars that my body needs to like get me to my next sold out business entertainment engagement
Uh, this is a this is a power food for powerful people
The only trails that griven's worried about is kim trails the ones being left behind the plane that he's flying in to get to his
Next thing maybe that's what they're saying is you look like a government chill
Maybe yeah
Now see I think I was going a different way where the only time I eat trail mix is like I rip it open
And I slam it back like it's some kind of power pills
Uh from a video game that's filling up my energy bar
And so maybe what they're saying is you look like you uh move you move too quickly from thing to thing
You're not taking time for you. Maybe this is a they're worried about you. Hey, they're worried about you
You look like you're eating trail mix. You need to settle down make a meal make yourself a
A knife and fork meal you deserve it eat some knife and fork food
You deserve it. Don't just rip open a plastic baggie and slam it like some kind of like on-the-go machine
You're not a machine. You're a person you have needs and you know what worse, you know what?
Just take the time get a plate separate the trail mix bags. Thank you in the different
These are that's a meal. That's a meal because it's separate you just have well
You're going to use a spoon on the peanuts definitely a fork on the raisins. That's where you're going to feel it
What's that? Oh, you've you've melted the chocolate candies into some sort of fondue that you can dip some uh, that's great
You're doing it. This is a sort of deconstruction of trail mix. I call it
trail
It's not mixed at all. It's just it's it's just trail sort of composite. Um, you're gonna love it
Eat one thing and go in a clockwise order around the plate. This is my artist's intent. It's a hundred
It is it took me a lot of time to separate
All the things it's very labor intensive. We just we I have another question
We just moved the country and I pass by a little farm every day
That has a trailer at the edge of their property next to the highway
That trailer is full of beautiful plump pumpkins of all different sizes pumpkins
There's a no sign indicating if the pumpkins are free or not. Can I go take some?
Or are they decoration that's from pumpkin perplexed in minnesota. This will be quick. Hey
Hey, hey peter cottontail calm the fuck down
Chill you need to chill the fuck out, dude
I know you're new you're new to the country
It doesn't work like that. There's no sign saying if they're free or not, you know what that's applicable to
All things pretty much like all things
My car doesn't have a sign that says this beautiful buick is is taken
And do not like whether it would be the alternate sign do not steal. I think if you don't see an is free sign
The assumption is the base case has to be do not steal. Yeah now
but unless unless
We've all had that thought where we've driven past
a cornfield
And seen these beauties
Yeah, uh, these golden beauties just shimmering in the sun and thought like if I just grabbed one of those
one beauty one beauty
Then there's no way that I would get caught. There's no way they would notice. It's one corn. You want to steal from farmers?
I think that the subsidies that my tax dollars provide allow me whoa. No, no listen
You can steal from farmers as much as I fucking want to oh, okay
You didn't let me finish the thought. Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry griffin. That's that's true. Yeah
And it's not stealing because i'm the only one that's doing it
So nobody they're not gonna know it's not like i'm telling everyone to steal from farmers
I'm saying I should be able to steal one thing from every farmer
It it's statistically a victimless crime. Yeah, it's basically around the grand scheme of things in the grand scheme of things
It's basically a rounding error now. I will now I will say aside from the humble water
Aside from the farmers on board aside from the humble watermelon farmer
There is not a worse produce. I could steal than a pumpkin because you talk about economies of scale
You can grow way fewer pumpkins than you can grow beautiful corn beauties
So that the bottom line will be more affected in the pumpkin in the pumpkin industry
Then that's why I feel fine stealing one soybean. That's something I feel comfortable doing right smaller than corn even less noticeable
I'm fine with us as long as we're talking about cornfields
Can I make a call to hollywood stop making it look so fun when cars go like barreling through cornfields?
And I know it's supposed to be like a scary or whatever the funnest thing
But like every time I pass a cornfield, there's this party that's like what if I just hooked left because there's no way
You would get your car would get halfway into the cornfield before it would come to a dead stop
Oh, yeah, just from pure pure corn friction
Which is like it would get wrapped up in your undercarriage all kinds of corns up in the works shouldn't be in there
No, but it looks like fun because it's like
You cannot
You don't need us to hey. Hey friend
You don't need us to tell you that you can't just take some pumpkin off a corn field or a pumpkin field
You know that right? They don't want you if they wanted you to there'd be a sign
This is another example of a sign would help if there was a sign there that said hey free pumpkin
Yeah, you should take it. Otherwise, it's just they're a decoration, right?
I've got some pumpkins in front of my house now that I put out there because it's the fall
And the idea of someone like well if they're just sitting there and I see them every day when I drive by so they want
Me to take one, right? No
There's more pumpkins. I would say it's like the that you are actually stumbling into the base tenant of
Society which is if I set this here. I don't need to put a sign on it. It says don't steal it, right? I'll just
People won't steal it. It's like a base
Ten. Yeah
I have to announce it's free because that is not it's a natural that's not the natural state
default also if you try this to take a pumpkin you then burn it at peter's might come out and make your
Make your balls shrivel up. Yeah with her magic with her magic with her magic
Yeah
I want a munch
I want to munch
Squat
Welcome much squatters podcasts within the podcast profile the latest and greatest in brand eating
And this one makes me so fucking angry because I had I was just gonna do a fun little count donut about some like stupid
Krispy kreme
Whatever, and I was just gonna have some fun
That sounds nice won't allow me to do that schlotz keys
Is still in the fucking mix not in Huntington the Huntington one closed?
But somewhere they're out there doing their sandwich business
Sandwich place can't stay afloat in Huntington like get out of the full game to be fair
We also lost the quiz nose. We lost the credit to highfalutin people couldn't wait for the toast thing
Yeah, that's true. Uh, then there was a new york maple company there and now it's a place where you drink wine and paint
um
You pay to do it not just like oh, never mind. I can I can drink wine and paint at home
Shlotsky's unveils new bare naked pizza. No
Why wait until october 1st to celebrate national pizza month?
These things are already fake. You can't say like don't hold off until the fake that like also no one's doing that
No one's like fuck, you know what? I'd love to eat right now pizza, but of course not until
October when it's legal
Shlotsky's is not until the pizza purge beginning october
Shlotsky's is undressing pizza and giving crust lovers the celebratory moment. They deserve with its new bare naked pizza
imagine a pizza a so bold
and flavorful
It can be enjoyed without toppings cheese or sauce in other words
in other words
No, you travis you fucking idiot
It's not bread. It's
naked pizza no
That is did they forget to order toppings and now they gotta find a way to cover that up
Or is it like oh 20 years ago. Look guys. It's bare naked pizza. No
guys
It's bare naked pizza Justin. I'm irate. I'm mad at you
I'm mad at Shlotsky's and for some reason I'm mad at bare naked ladies
And I know they had nothing to do with this. They were always going to get dragged into this though travis. That's a great point
Um, no, it's the bare naked pizza
You know how sometimes when you pick up a tomato and you say oh naked sauce. It's like it's just like that. It's one step before
The thing so the uh, shlotsky's is undressing its pizza
uh for a limited time customers can enjoy a bared naked pizza at one of schlotsky's 320 locations nationwide for just
499
How much is a regular pizza that's good and has stuff on reminder schlotsky's deals in like personal pan like there this is not a
like full-size party pizza oops all crusts
This experience schlotsky's is undressing its pizza one topping at a time and slow
That's not the way you would make this. There's no way travis. Let schlotsky's give us a boner
Okay, schlotsky's is undressing its pizza one topping at a time
at a slow
salivating seduction
resulting in limited time only bare naked pizza
Uh, the beloved fast casual restaurant that sentence didn't communicate more information
It just wanted to be sexy for a second
Yep
Because it's schlotsky's and it wants to find it sexy and live there
The beyond and I want to empower them. I want to empower them to do like I know that schlott corporations aren't people
But someone at schlotsky's is trying to figure some shit out about themselves and they're using
The work that they do is the vehicle for that discovery. I think that's beautiful and pure
Um, but I don't want to I but I don't want to pay 4.99
for a crust round of
no cheese crust round, uh
That is going to not scratch the pizza itch because it's a p it's actually a pita
Yeah instead is what we're talking about. I would also be willing to bet
that this
Uh naked pizza comes with sauce to dip it in
There's no way that they hand you this without
Something to dip it in the beloved fast casual restaurant famous for its made in house oven baked sourdough bread is giving customers
Another way to indulge by featuring mouth-watering videos celebrating its unique one-of-a-kind sourdough pizza crust on the new
Bare naked pizza only fans page get the fuck out. Yeah, baby
I don't need to get the fuck out travis because i'm not
Lying to you
Hold on
Here it is, oh I hate it the bare naked pizza
Uh only it does have a page on only fans
So you can subscribe to that and see its dick so many people were involved in that being on there
Do you know how many fucking meetings? Yes, travis exactly
How many means are like there's had to be like three or four people who are like we can't
We can't we don't come back from an only fans page. We're schlotzkis. We're not experimenting. We're schlotzkis
We're not trying to make ends meet
Maybe they are schlotzkis
I'm upset at schlotzkis. We're using our expertise in fresh fresh baked sourdough to create
Irresistible pizza dough that we think is the best in the biz and also some
Very specific pornography. That's according to schlotzkis executive chef
Jennifer keel who probably didn't have a hand in the only fans thing
We're so confident in our delicious doughs that we're willing to serve them in their bare naked
So pizza lovers can taste our perfectly crispy yet light and airy crusts in all their glory
So it's just the thing is about this is that they're selling you bread
You know
Yeah, you know, it's bread. They're calling it a different thing, but it's
It's it's definitely bread. It's definitely bread and the reason I know that is that they're not
selling sauce cup
Which is a cup of pizza sauce and they say we're so confident
about our pizza sauces tangy
flavors that we have
Created it's a pornography website
exclusively for the for this
red wet sauce
um
And we don't think we even need the bread anymore. That was stupid. That was a stupid joke
The sauce is what's up now sexy
We're so confident. You'll love you'll love our pepperonis that we open up our only fans page and this one is actually
Really popular actually, it's just this these huge long tubes of pepperoni and we're cutting them in half with knives and people love it
Which people like that? I don't know. I
I'm excited for like two weeks from now when schloss is like releasing a press release list like hey
Uh, we have to stop that only fans page
Because way more people subscribe to it than we are comfortable with it's getting to be a tax issue
normally, we love the money but
What about when you go to schlossies after this promotion and you're like i'll have a regular pizza and they're like, oh fuck
I sold damn. Couldn't you have it on a paper towel? Because we actually did sell on the crust
Can you eat it on a paper towel? That's our thing
This month is we didn't actually figure out the supply chain issues. So, um, that has to be what this is
Yeah, a hundred hundred percent like they got too much
Wait pepperoni costs how much now fuck? Um
Make it pizza. Uh, hey, thanks so much for listening to our podcast. My brother my brother me
We hope you've enjoyed yourself. Um, happy fall, by the way
We're we're hoping you're you know, enjoying the crinkle of the leaves and your psls and all that nonsense
Um, we've got uh some important announcements like we said the at this week
We are doing our live shows in san jose and denver
So if you've been waiting to get tickets wait no longer bitch.ly schloss mcelroy tours, september 29th
We're in san jose doing uh an adventure zone show with special guest abria ingar. We're going to be playing uh lasers and feelings
Uh, I bought my costume for that show last night is the most I have ever spent on a costume. Oh, yeah
I could i'm i've already decided i'm not going to show you guys until
I walk on to the stage in the costume and everyone will get to be there for the for the bold debut of my brave
New vision, uh, the game is going to be a ghostbusters pastiche and boy. I hope i'm using that word correctly
Set in the winchester mystery house. So come check that out. Uh september 30th
We will also be in san jose doing my brother my brother and me october 1st
We're going to be in denver doing my brother my brother me and then in november
we're going to be in detroit and cincinnati and
Washington dc where we will also be doing an adventure zone show with special guest dm
brennan lee molligan doing dadlands 2.0 with some brand new
Uh innovations from the mind of griffin mcroy that you're gonna love
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative covid test within 72 hours of event start is required
Go check out all the merch over at mcroymerch.com including the munch squad hoodie
The bestest tea and 10 of all merch proceeds this month will go to earth justice
Don't forget to pre-order taz 11th hour. Uh, it comes out february 21st
2023 but you can go pre-order it now at theadventurezonecomic.com
Hey
Thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you
I'm sure you've listened to the album making it now at this point, but have you tried listening to it?
backwards because
That is where the all the secrets
lie about the
government
cover-up
of the big expose
That you would not believe
about the army's secret program
That they don't want you to know about but let's just say those uh superhero movies
They're not just
They're not entirely works of fiction and that's all i'll say about it
And the only way for you to know about that. I got two and a half hours of sleep last night
The only way for you to know about that is to listen montaigne's album making it do it forwards first
But then backwards to find out about how the government
You get it you know get it my name is justin mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm griffin mcroy
That's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
It's better with you
