The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me. It's an advice show for the
modern era, and I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis
McElroy. They call me the baby, Griffin McElroy. They don't use my name, they just say, hey look
at that baby. He's a grown baby. I'm a grown-ass dude. They call me tater salad. Oh boy. Ladies
and gentlemen, our special guest Ron White. What a treat to have you on the program. We said we
were gonna have a guest-pert this week, and he is a guest-pert in tater salad? In tater salad. I know
I'm here for all your tater salad needs. Can I hear some more of your great material tato salad?
You might be a redneck if you eat tater salad. Oh shit, they fused together, Akira style.
He's enveloping Neo Tokyo. In Russia, salad taters you. Oh no,
he's in the mix. Get him out of there. Funky boy. Oh god, he's crushing everybody to death
with his body. My wife. Oh no. So this is our all-star comedy special. Our all-star comedy
special where we celebrate the fact that you have donated to the Max Fund Drive going on this week.
This is really sort of a victory lap for us and you at home. It's a courtesy week because we know
you already done, Gabe. We know you already done, Gabe, but if you want to share this episode with
somebody who hasn't because some people may not have, but you guys have just been amazing with the
support. So fantastic. I mean, I feel like we probably should have had, since all of you have
already donated, I feel like we should have already got more by now, but like I said,
more by now, but like I'm sure that's just like kind of a number. Accounting error possibly. Yeah,
so there's some hanging chad on those on those figures. There's a bit of the old hanging chad,
but we're going to talk about the Max Fund Drive a lot more coming up this episode.
Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. Here's our first question. It's my birthday today.
This is that is unlikely. It says it's my birthday today and at some point during the afternoon,
a bar of fancy birthday chocolate appeared on my desk. The problem is I don't know who in the
office it's from. When I asked the primary suspects, they denied it being from them.
The question is this. Do I have to wait until I identify who the gift is from before I begin
enjoying the chocolate? That's from Sweet Tooth in San Francisco. That's a great question.
Yeah, right. It's the it's the what's the order of operations vis-a-vis this birthday chocolate
because you got I think you do have to find the person say this is from you. Oh, thanks.
And that's a yes. Do you have to say thank you before the enjoyment? Or can you thank
him for the enjoyment that you had already? Thank you for the chocolate. It was delicious.
It was delicious. But then anybody can fucking claim that they gave you that chocolate. You
have to ask him to describe it. Describe the chocolate bar that was left on my desk, please.
Nope, wasn't you. Why did you even fucking try to caramel? If you knew it wasn't you,
why did you even try and do that? That's who I do. You've been playing along.
Caramel. What are you getting out of there was a caramel in the pistachio shells.
Like, stop it. No, it clearly would just say you didn't give it to me.
Maybe they're thinking that you found a golden ticket in there and they want to get their cut
of the winnings. They want to be your Grandpa Jerry that comes along with you.
Sorry. Sorry, Grandpa Jerry. Yeah. Pardon? You remember. And his wife, Grandma Geraldine.
I'm pretty sure it's Grandpa Joe, but thank you so much for playing along. Grandpa Joe is a joiner
and he fucking pisses me off every time I watch that movie. Oh, yeah, he is fully like he fully
does sort of just hop on to Charlie's bandwagon, right? There's very little discussion. And he
starts singing a song about how he's got a golden ticket. No, you don't. No, you don't.
You're your illegitimate grandson. A PS, super duper, triple cool that you've been faking being
a paraplegic for like a decade. And then the wafting of chocolate, like the aroma tickles
your nostrils is how we're supposed to see. I thought it was just that their family was so
poor. They couldn't afford to walk that they just there was no reason to. Why the fuck would I
where am I going to go? He was impoverished into immobility. Well, here's the other thing,
too, is like Charlie gets a golden ticket and he's like, Grandpa Joe, go with me.
Hey, dude, you've got three other grandparents just like chilling literally two feet away.
And you're like, fuck you. Fuck you. You're cool. How about your mom's? Like,
it doesn't seem like things are super cool for her. And she's been working really hard to feed
you and your 80 grandparents. And also, she hasn't been faking being paralyzed. So maybe
like she could use a break today. But she'd love to go.
So this is weird. I wouldn't eat this. Was he just lying in his mess? Oh, yeah.
Lying in his man. You don't see that. You can actually know what they don't show. What they
don't show is that it's just like a weird orgy between the four grandparents.
There is going to just wailing on each other. They're so poor. What else are they going to do
for enjoyment? That's the thing, though. At night, it's like old person toy story. The lights go off.
The parents leave the room. Charlie goes to bed. The grownups just wake up and start walking around
like, Oh, I love walking. It's so hard to pretend. Would you eat chocolate that you didn't know?
Fuck that. Would you eat a food that you didn't know the source for?
This is actually happening. Yes, this has happened to me before because I work,
you know, imagine my surprise because I work in a sort of office. And when we open a show,
everybody does like, you know, occasionally thank you things like a note or, you know,
there's something where like the director for like Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead because
it's about flipping coins. Jeremy Dubin, the director, bought everybody like chocolate coins,
right? But occasionally, people do that. Yep. Everybody just assumes that you will know it's
from them. And people will just like leave stuff on the desk. And then it becomes this awful,
like, hunt of like, Did you do this? Did you do this? I mean, I appreciate it. I know my tone
of voice does not convey that. Did you do this? Did you do this? How could you do that? You fucked
my wife. That's not a very good opening night present. I would say I would rather have the
chocolate coins, I think. Yeah, if we're voting, we're voting, which I guess we're not. Um,
y'all want to Yahoo? Please, yes. This Yahoo is sent in by Adam Doyle. Thank you, Adam. It's by
Yahoo Answers user. Man, fucking Yahoo done updated their shit. And now I can't see who
the Yahoo Answers user is. Quit fucking updating your user end user experience, Yahoo. Hey, Yahoo,
while we're on the subject of Yahoo Answers, if everybody could just stop using Yahoo Answers as
a source of comedy, that would be like, super great. The Tonight Show got up on it this time.
They had Audra McDonald sing Yahoo Answers. And, uh, uh, uh, Midnight's been up on it too.
And it's just like, if everybody could just chill on that. Nah, listen, we can't fucking, we can't
rain this night. No, midnight, fair trade. Listen, that first app that we published, and I don't like
tooting our own horn, but here it goes. That was the Gutenberg Bible of comedy. Yeah, that's fair.
That first app, where I was like, hey, you know what might be fun? Let's look at Yahoo Answers
and see if there's anything cool going on in there. Little did I know, I was changing the fucking
course of history. That's why Sid Caesar died, because he didn't think of it. No, that's why
he died, because he was willing to pass the torch. He said, finally, another. There's a new comedy
king. And also, midnight, if you want to keep using Yahoo Answers, if you could just have us
on your show. Yep. There's like a three person thing going on there, like a vibe there, where
three people compete. That would be super great if you could just get us on there. If everybody
could just tell at midnight. People have been doing the Lord's work already. Yeah, you guys
have been really trying to get us on there. We would be so happy to, with just the merest of
travel considerations on their end, just totally get out there. Let's not go crazy. We're going to
need some per diem. Yeah, if I could get some per diem guarantees, I would just love to get out
there. Okay, so I dug through this inscrutable new Yahoo user interface. They got like a new logo.
It looks like a seven. What the fuck are you guys doing? Anyway, it's asked by Yahoo Answers user
Strawberry, who asks, I am too slow at work. How do I move my hands faster? Fast food Wendy's.
What? So this is my first job and it's only my fourth day. Yet I got told I have to be faster,
but sadly that's as fast as I can go since I have never worked. So I was wondering, is there
something I can do to move faster? Hamburger and then parentheses, hamburger, fry and fire,
nugget lines. Sometimes I have to go to the BK to restock. I guess that means back and not that
this person scoots to Burger King to get Wendy's dark secrets to reveal. So please help me, like
advice on how to move faster. Update one, I was told to go faster too. Update two, like I got in
trouble because I was going slow. I think it was Malcolm Gladwell who said that when you work at
the Wendy's, you got to put in 10,000 hours before you're an expert at it. So you're going to have
to work there for like 10 years before you move any faster than you do now. That is what 10,000
hours works out to. Man, I just thought about spending 10,000 hours at a Wendy's and it bummed
me out. I'm kind of impressed by anybody that gets really good at anything. If you work 10,000 hours
at Wendy's and you turn into like the best Wendy's, like if you're the best person to work the fryer,
and you know, I'm always impressed. I don't care what it is you do. I don't think we have enough
value on work in this country. I am impressed by you, guy who fries the fries better than anybody
else because once you get to be an expert, I'm always impressed. But here's my question.
Going along those lines, wouldn't you agree then that there are certain people that have a natural
proclivity towards the fryer and some don't? So maybe this gentleman or a woman asking this question
can only move this fast because they were not one who was born to fry.
I think that with repetition, anybody could get good at it. I'm saying that some people are going
to come out of the some some you're you are going to have that wonder. You're saying that you're
going to have that one who just dips the fries in, takes it out and the other employees like have
gathered into a semicircle just watching with mouths agape. The perfect crisp. They're creating
like a Giro dreams of Frosty's scenario, where somebody spends their whole life mastering their
craft. Is it a particularly fancy craft? Absolutely not. Absolutely it is not.
I don't know if you could make me perfect fries and chicken nugs every time. It's pretty great.
That's pretty fancy. I get what this person's saying too about like, have you guys ever worked
a job where like your your like success at the end of the day is determined by how much product
you manage to process in some way and then that number was like like quantitatively compared
against your your peers because like how many dog buttholes I could squeeze when I worked at the
kennel that's I mean you're goofing but yes that's when I when I worked for Justin's father-in-law
at a file scanning company there was a fucking leaderboard at the end of the day that would
measure how many documents you would scan turning them into digi docs and I thought I was hot shit
just because I would put on my headphones and just like go and then at the end of the day
it was like a quarter of what the people who were who who the the pros the vets the numbers
that they were turning in um did not last super long at that job didn't did not could not could
not did not hold that one down especially long time do you guys think if you need to physically
do something faster does it make more sense to start slow and then like go slow and then
like just get the muscle memory or to just push yourself to be faster and like correct whatever
errors you have on the back end in movies that you always see like when someone gains super speed
or something that they always like do the first thing and then the second thing and then it's a
little bit faster than a little bit and then suddenly they're just flying through it so I
guess that way like in movies yeah like in movies get struck by lightning on arrow when arrow gets
good at arrows the first thing he does is that he has to smack water wait slow down i'm writing
this down okay he has to smack water with the palm of his hand over and over again right
because it's been a bad boy no because it's like the first step in becoming arrow an error man can
you imagine if he just like could not get good at arrows what they would have had to change the
title of the show to water slapper well do you watch water slap yeah i fucking love that show
i understand that might be the first part of his training but i don't understand why i have to
watch it i've been watching this show for a year and a half he's just slapping water just give him
on arrow with a bow see how his progress how can you rate the efficacy of the water slap training
technique if every once in a while you don't toss him a bow and just like even that's not even one
to one in terms of like physical motion there's no there's no fucking drawstring on water it's all
about the control of arrows wait are the arrows made of water i zoned out the watering arrows
oh he's a water bender and that well the worst part of it is then he takes on uh a little trainee
there who's made of water a little no he takes on a trainee and he's like i'm gonna teach you to
control your power and i i heard that i was like oh no i know it's coming i'm gonna have to watch
this full slap water did he please someone talk there's gotta be a beast story in this episode
something the writers of that show are just like fucking coasting it's the fucking sweetest writing
job ever uh let me just uh walk you through our script creation procedure for next week's
type slaps water copy paste done mojitos emmy emmy don't mind if i do an oscar unprecedented
oh arrow you're not a good show i bet no it's a great show ladies and gentlemen it's that time
of year again as we mentioned earlier in the program it's max fun drive uh pretty exciting
time of year for us it's sort of like our our sweeps week if you will um where uh we come to
you if you don't know already maximum fun is a listener supported network they which means that
we rely on you the people who dig our episodes and our our our products if you will to fund uh
our our show which means that we need you to kick in a few bucks to help keep things going
it helps us pay for equipment helps us pay producers it helps us pay for our uh networking
and it helps our networking you know our hosting our elbow rubbing our name dropping and uh we need
you to help us pay for that because we don't have enough money no uh may i interrupt what
uh it's never stopped you before um i actually wrote a little thank you that i would like to
read oh oh wonderful okay i wanted to take a boisterous moment to undulate everyone
no you are all super moist if you are not a max fun donor don't fluff or nutter it's not too late
you just have to go to maximum fun.org forward slash donate and jelly which level of jorts
you want to donate for five lascivious dollars a month you could support the show and you get all
the bonus content bonus content and a recumbent 18 month cat themed max fun calendar for 20
snapdragons a month you get the boners content the calendar which includes unrequited tongs coffee
and the cumberbatch stack soap so go to maximum fun.org forward slash donate and check it out
namaste again all you lovely wittershins listen if you want me to be able to pay to have
someone kill travis i'm gonna need you to go to maximum fun.org forward slash donate right now
and uh i can't believe you i can't fucking believe you i know i can't fucking believe us that you
didn't see that shit coming it was like we walked right into it too we're like all right this way
sir welcome to our podcast we've prepared a table just for you for your shitty shit um we uh we've
grown a lot this past year like i we really need to figure out exactly how many podcasts have been
added but i mean it was it was uh this past january we added four new shows like the goose
down and oh no ross and carrie and lady the lady and song exploder and got got a new host up on
international waters and then in in the months preceding that we had bullseye or not bullseye uh
we had saw bones join it that hit program uh and then cindy got pregnant justin cindy got pregnant
i'm not saying that was exactly because of your donations but it probably was uh an investment
because 20 years from now that kid will have a show and you'll love it yeah wham bam pow was
added this past year i'm getting that kiddish podcast as soon as he can talk as soon as the
vocal cords have formed he's he is here he or she well it's she uh so travis um sort of brutalized
this list but i'll give you like an english version for i thought i really sold it for five
dollars if you can pledge us five dollars a month you're going to get an insane amount of bonus
content that's episodes from every max fun show uh and all the years prior which means that if you
give five dollars a month you're going to get the ticket to 44 hours over 44 hours of bonus i mean
think about this way five dollars a month that's like for those that play video games that's 60
dollars that's like a brand new video game and you could pay to get 44 dollars of content
60 for 44 dollars of content is not very it doesn't seem like a good deal
if you can give us ten dollars a month you're gonna get all the bonus content these these
stacks so you get everything prior right with each level but for ten dollars a month you're
going to get an 18 month mini max fill uh fun calendar we're we're all cats okay yes thank you
i will take it uh at 20 dollars a month you're going to get the cat calendar you're going to
get the bonus content and you're going to be part of the diamond friendship circle and get the max
fun morning essentials kit which includes a a lovely blue max fun rocket mug half a bag of
delicious tonks coffee thank you to tonks for helping us support our shows and a bar of my
brother my brother me favorite stack soap get yourself clean with stack soap it's soap that
where you take the stupid sliver after you've worn it down and you slide it right into the
divot there it's got a divot for your sliver a sliver divot uh and at 35 a month you'll be part
of just john hodgeman's justice squad and you'll get all that stuff plus a pair of rocket engraved
highball glasses with the max fun logo on those and they're they're lovely it's like gonna be a
great match if you already got the the uh rocks glasses like i have i'm gonna need these new ones
um we're shooting for 1500 uh new or upgraded donors if you're currently a donor thank you so
much that's awesome um if you want to kick up your your donation you can get uh the the gifts this
year to whatever level you you jump up to and you also help us count towards our total uh i think
last we heard we just passed a thousand um so it was like on friday yeah and we're making we're
making pretty good time there's also challenge donors for each new donor we get they donate like
a certain amount um so so your donation sort of counts double um so that's great um also let me
throw this out because this is what happened to me if if your credit card information has
changed in the last year and you think that you're a max fund donor um but you haven't updated that
payment information double check and make sure because i've seen a couple people post on twitter
that they hadn't realized that they weren't supporting it anymore and so now they've gone
back and changed their information and fixed it so just double check and make sure and this is a
great time of the year to to fix that problem awesome so again that link is maximum fun org
forward slash donate uh go there right now please help us to keep uh max fun growing if you love the
stuff that we make uh pay for the stuff you love and i guarantee there's no better feeling uh i'm
a donor and i i would recommend everybody do the same because you'll feel really good and you'll
help us make more awesome stuff and make sure to tweet about it so we can thank you
yeah if you haven't already tweet about it and uh when you the the uh your how your donation
is spent depends on what shows you uh listen to and love on the network so pay attention when
you're filling that part out make sure you uh tell them what shows that you like whether that's
saw bones or my brother my brother me or that's it just those two that's it just those two uh one
of those two and no other shows basically just one of those hitting of course one of those two
maybe the one that you are listening to like now just like now you you're already listening to it
so like so no to tell me listen to whatever shows you listen to because we need to know who you know
how you guys are loving us what in what way you're fun fungibly fungibly speaking uh anyway maximum
fun.org first i should donate that is the end here's another question my brother and i whoa
nope no incorrect my husband and i oh yeah hachi my brother and me have a toddler together is that
we just found it should we start a podcast uh and we occasionally like to go out on date nights
while she is asleep we pay a long time friend and neighbor to basically just watch tv on our couch
while the baby sleeps the problem is when we get home we are generally feeling ready to settle in
for the night and the babysitter's ready to chat for you left out the winky emoticon in there which
implies that they come home from this date ready to shag baby yeah uh we are in a bind because we
don't trust any people to stay with the baby and we need to get out occasionally any advice for how
to encourage her speedy departure upon our return and that's from trying to avoid lingering in los
angeles i'm gonna throw something out that both of you are gonna cringe at okay you gotta tell
her that you want a bone yeah when you said you're both going to cringe at you're talking about me
and justin right because i definitely winced yes but i think the idea is like if she's a long time
friend and like you guys have anything more than a passing acquaintance not when you get home but
probably i'm like yeah we're going on the date night and then god it hurts to say but like you
gotta bite the bullet and be like and then we're hoping to come home and and have some alone time
and then like make it don't say have some alone time what don't say have some have some alone
time is a grosser it's like that pat and oswalt bit on clean filth like that's grosser than like
we are going to come home and engage in coitus uh this is all lay with one another in the marital
bed oh god yeah we're gonna make some we're gonna make some uh some sloppy we're going
sloppy joe's we're gonna make some sloppy joe's unless your husband's name is joe that doesn't
work i um i i think that okay so i'm as an introvert i've become common expert at getting
people to leave and one one of the things you can do is pay the lights off turn the lights off no
one of the things you can do is pay attention to your body language okay here's step one do not sit
down no you sit down that says let's chat don't take your coat off okay that says get comfortable
with me three don't close the door when you walk in leave the door open and then hold it open with
your hand and then every few seconds go maybe wave a candy bar in front of the door and throw
it outside and hope they follow i don't have a lot of friends but uh anymore uh but i think that
those are three great steps that you can take how do you get anyone to leave your abode under any
circumstance this is what freaks me out like when i have friends over and it's like i am just like
so ready to to chill um i'm incapable of letting them know that so when i think about if i had
a dangerous intruder in my house my ability to repel somebody who wants who like doesn't owe me
anything is not my bud my ability to repel them from my my domicile um it terrifies me because
what do you do please sir i'm trying to have sex over here can you please excuse yourself from the
premises wait wait wait are you paying this person to do this yes great then that's it you've got to
come in like money in hand ready to go transaction say transaction complete i mean that's what you're
saying with that with that uh with that hint because the thing is if you're waiting for her
to get up and leave and walk to the door and then you're paying her think of it like pavlov's dog
that like you need to condition her that as soon as you get in the transaction's done okay wait i
solved this problem i solved it you guys ready for the solution yeah i solved it okay i went into my
mind palace and then i solved it okay okay here we go your husband and wife this is from the wife
okay so you i'm talking to you now question asker directly um unless okay so unless it's also a guy
i don't know question asker you go to the door okay you open the door your husband runs through
the door and holding his stomach shouting oh diarrhea diarrhea it's so bad ah and then runs
towards the toilet then you come in sheepishly like what can you do and then you say i better
check on him let me get your money real quick throw him the $20 check on the time can i tell
you the issue with with your diarrhea escape it's almost too good no it is oh justin oh it's so good
uh one issue uh you can do this once and then you can maybe do it twice and then the third
time you do it the person is gonna think you have come him checked out say here he's definitely
allergic to shellfish and he can't he can't listen listen it's fucking lobster fest what do you want
him to do it's lobster fest you want him to not celebrate lobster fest heathen why do you guys
keep going to inattentive j's taco stand you know he doesn't pay attention um you guys want yahoo
yes absolutely yahoo was sent in by james walsh it is by yahoo answers user john samuel
s-a-m-e-u-l they have to have spelled that wrong right i'm hoping uh thank you james
is by yahoo i already did that uh john samuel asks can ghosts hurt dogs good question can ghosts
hurt dogs please explain every yahoo answer should end with please explain we can all agree
that dogs can sense ghosts right let's i guess just cover our bases before we get started are
are ghosts real yes yes yes are dogs real in the right light i watch cosmos and as it turns out
dogs are just shitty wolves hey cosmos can we talk about you for like a second just real quick
and then we'll get right back to the advice i watched that episode and it talked about how
animals reproduce and then uh who's that dude neil degrasse tyson neil degrasse tyson hopped
in his fucking magic razor ship and then he flew into a bear's fallopian tubes and ovaries and
shit and just like cruised around in his razor ship grass tyson i'm cruising i'm careful i'm
going on a fucking magic school bus adventure inside it's like an episode that we would like
like make up like and then the neil degrasse tyson just like cruises into a bear pussy
no that happened definitely did happen on cosmos um i'm not gonna lie i did learn a lot while i
was inside that bear pussy thank you neil i'm not sure why like the name of the show is cosmos not
ursine vagina so i guess i'm a little bit confused on why you took this fucking detour
i guess i get oh no i guess you did cover all of space the infinite expanse of the universe
in the first three eps um i it was rough for me because i i uh i got distracted when he was
introducing that segment and all i knew was inside a uterus and then when i found out it was a bear
i felt really sheepish for getting so turned on yeah and that bit opens up with him talking about
how dogs came from wolves and he's talking about that by a campfire and a wolf attacks him and he
has to fight him off with a fiery log cosmos you have lost the plot my friend you have cruised off
the fucking rails course correct look up there's infinity space i can check i can scope a bear pussy
whenever i want on the internet tell me about the fucking the orbs god damn what you're probably
wanting is to take out imaginary journey to the center of venus but instead let's go dig on that
sheep's pussy on the next episode we're gonna go check out a sheep pussy this is cosmos and we just
go to space neil secretly punishing everyone you know sheep pussies in the spiral galaxy have a
lot in common they don't have anything in common take me to space get me out of this pussy neil
you have an infinitely powerful starship called imagination and you're using the power of
imagination to climb inside vaginas can we just go to space once you know there's a lot out there
probably we don't really know we're making all this up you know what i know stone cold goat pussy
is
i don't want to hop in your ship but your ship can travel through the fucking imagisphere and i don't
want to get in it because i know where that road is i promise this time what if he what if he took
you took you in you're looking like i'm not going to tell you where we're going but i promise it's
cool you're looking around like i don't know is it can you look all this plasma we're surrounded
by the plasma inside of a star is this beetle juice this is incredible i've never i never
thought i would go outside it's a wolverine's pussy oh god you got you got you again neil
degrasse why do i keep getting your dumb ship can i've never watched this show but you guys
have sold me yeah it's really good uh can ghosts hurt dogs though no but for real though can go
sir no but really can ghosts hurt dogs i feel like there'd be more beef between ghosts and cats
why do you think and i say that not as a joke i think that's a legitimate belief they seem like
they would be more sensitive to spectral presences it also seems like cats would be less cool with
having them around like cats would be like get the fuck out where dogs would be like okay cool
this is all right all right i'm spooked later got me again i'm gonna go in the next room um i got
some good yahoo responses to this please uh princess says no a ghost cannot hurt you nor
can it speak to you nor does it even know who that you are there a ghost is just a person's energy
that's left behind when they die a spirit princess a dog isn't asking this question a spirit on the
other hand is different uh spirit is a soul that is left behind spirits can do all of those things
if they are strong enough so no ghost cannot but spirit sure can it's been a while since we've
addressed how yahoo answers users sort of classify the undead right it's this is there's there's
spooks there's ghosts specters specters phantasmagorias spirits if ghosts aren't real
why do we have so many words for them hmm haven't thought about that huh makes you wonder doesn't
it illuminati uh ghosts can apparently i'm just gonna fucking summarize some of this crazy
bullshit ghosts can't hurt the dogs but they can scare the dogs into hurting themselves
right that's a common vein they'll scare they can also ruin the dog's credit
it no no like they get it they get a credit card in the dog's name they max it out oh okay um yahoo
answers user europa i'm sorry rex it says here i would love i would love to get it says here you're
like 514 um europa objective says there's no such thing as ghosts all right good answer oh wait oh
hold on i'm sorry there's more they're demons fallen amble angels sent by satan and given
figures of someone who once walked on earth thereby confusing the people into thinking god
does not exist because this person isn't in heaven or hell he is on earth do not be deceived
to answer your question physically no although they can sometimes poses dogs and then hurt
themselves so a different way that ghosts can make a dog hurt himself okay so just to be clear
here ghosts are a shell game invented by satan yeah is that that's the it's a fallen demon
or angel i guess a risen demon hmm hmm um yeah and then they take the form of ghosts and people
see a ghost and goes well like if he's not in heaven or hell i guess god doesn't exist
and then satan's like yes here's the question that i keep coming back to in this whole situation
and i don't think the question is whether or not a ghost can hurt a dog why would they what is the
what's their end game in this maybe the dog's being a dick and like barking while we're trying
to record an episode oh i see he's coming back at my dog yay uh one more yahoo answers user garrett
says they can scare them and make them hurt yourself keep a cat the cat will absorb the ghosties
okay that's true it's like baking soda they have to snort them though i just did a line of ghosts
man i'm tweaking again remember if you hear your cat sniff that's a ghost disappearing
mm-hmm it's true i am still having okay i want to circle back i'm still having trouble with this idea
that satan is is making ghosts to make people think god is this i have a question for you atheists
atheist friends i know there are many of you that enjoy this program if you see a fucking ghost is
that going to reaffirm your book like are you like i knew it i knew it all along tell you didn't i
tell you are there a contingent of people that are like god is not real ghosts are ghosts definitely
are and that i do not believe in the soul unless i mean it's not a soul though is it travis it's a
fallen angel demon since we'll see but yeah but that's what i think what you're supposed to assume
is that you know the atheist sees the the ghost and goes ah a soul not in heaven i knew it i knew
that souls and all that were legit i just knew that there wasn't a god that was like there's not
like a place for those souls to just hang out and do whatever but here's the thing the logic of that
is like saying kids belong in disneyland if i see a kid not in disneyland it means disneyland does
not exist whoa it's exactly like that you're right travis so why couldn't there be a ghost
that's just not in heaven guys we're big do you realize that the three of us are becoming yahoo
answers this conversation that we're having is yahoo answers we have created a a physical form
of yahoo answers the three winter yahoo answers we have become that which we most loathe i do i
fear the day when we cross the line and start like commenting back on these on these questions
and we're like well hold on let me help yeah let me just answer this one wait we don't have any
yahoo answers because we actually answered them all because we're basically experts
we solved them we solved all the problems we fixed yahoo answers i just started a new job
and i love it it's in a small office and i can already tell that i will soon become quite close
with my co-workers here's the problem i'm getting married in september normally we wouldn't consider
inviting people i met only a few weeks ago but by the time the wedding comes around i will have
spent quite a lot of time with my co-workers and i worry they'll be offended if the nuptials come
and go without me asking them to join us should i invite them and add to an already bloated guest
list or guest list or risk becoming the office pariah that's from nervous in nashville
i mean you have a fine excuse yeah you you obviously have to plan these things
quite a while in advance um this is one of those questions where like there's two different it's
like the the real situation and the perceived situation the real situation is you are perfectly
fine to not invite them because you know you say that the guest list is full you did it a long time
in advance whatever right but then the perceived situation is always going to be that you snubbed
them i feel like that site is almost always perceived because like i do not think i have ever
not been invited to a wedding and i was like oh for real oh okay i guess i uh guess i just assumed
well because the benefit here is that what you get is like when you get closer to the date
if you have become super close with like six or seven of your co-workers you've gotten the rsvp
backs and you know there's going to be open spots then you are like hey i'm getting married in a
month i'm getting married in a month do you guys want to come yeah if you think about the solution
that you're you're sort of conceiving for this problem it's to go to people you barely know
and say hey listen i can tell there's something really special i know i we've only just met but
i can just sense can you feel it the person's gonna stare at you dead-eyed and just wait for
you to leave the room so they can call the cops i'm gonna give you what i'm calling a preliminary
and this is going to be a very special kind of wedding invitation that i can either activate or
revoke in four months time i will rsvp to you whether or not you're allowed to come i will hand
you a rose i'm telling you you've made the first wave you've made it through the wedding invitation
primaries with flying colors because you seem super cool you gave me that small bag of fritos
that you got from subway that you did not want to eat and that planted a seed in my mind that i want
you to share the most special day in my life with you maybe let's see where we are four months down
the line i will send the activation code to your rsvp what you want to do is scratch off below the
foil here and you're gonna find a 38 digit confirmation code i'm gonna need you to put that
into the internet every every single day i need you to put that 38 digit code into the internet
uh and if you miss a day unfortunately it the invitation will be canceled immediately
and this will be my test to see if you actually do want to come now the other thing i do have to
make you aware of is that every time you apply this confirmation code you're gonna need 100
pepsi points and you can find those just on the labels of 20 ounce to two liter pepsi products
from 1996 1996 and you can hopefully you save those cubes yeah there are also on this web this
bespoke uh temporary wedding invitation web page that i made for you to input all of this metadata
there are 14 captcha codes that i'm gonna need you to complete every time and it's a very special
kind of captcha that is terrible and nearly unreadable i just need to know that you're
okay so what i need you to do is i need you to find a really old bible all right and then turn
and there's this is something of a codex i need you to solve the davinci code basically um i need
you to steal the declaration of independence on the back is your wedding invitation i need you
to fly to space and blow up the asteroid that's hurtling towards the earth with a band of your
fellow oil drillers i need you to help harry meet sally we're just naming movies i thought listen
we're not gonna make you jump through hoops like that to to donate to uh our program it's easy
you're just gonna go to maximumfund.org forward slash donate and uh you'll just pledge some money
and it would it'll be fantastic um we told you about the lower levels there are two higher
levels you can get to if you really want to buy our love you can pay a pledge a hundred dollars a
month you're gonna be one of jesse's golden eagles you're gonna get membership in the inner circle
which is our monthly culture club that's where a host on our network picks a gift that they love
and they send it to you once a month like that's really neat uh for two hundred dollars a month
whoa hey you're gonna be one of jordan's platinum angels you'll get free registration on the atlantic
ocean and comedy oh sorry the atlantic ocean comedy and music festival at boatparty.biz um
which is amazing it's pretty good there's some really good shit there this year
um i definitely want to go to that but i'm afraid of the atlantic ocean fair uh the the thing about
it is these are just ways that we say thank you what you're really doing is helping to fill the
world with stuff that you enjoy you know you didn't know that you loved our program or at least liked
our program you know four years ago but because of donors to the maximum fun network they were
able to add our program uh because you enjoyed our program and you donate some people donated
because they liked our show then we uh we're able to add other shows like throwing shade and
fans of those shows allowed us to add saw bones what i'm saying is you don't know the next great
show you don't know the next thing you're gonna love because you haven't donated yet you could
be on the ground floor you could be the ones that help us find that show and add it to our network
and help make other great shows uh get made if you also think about like how much time you've
spent listening to to the shows on this network and how much time you spend like on a fucking
weekly basis i've i've run out of time in my week to like fit all of these all these programs in i
listen to no joke like four or five max fun shows every single week um and when you think about like
how much time you spent listening um to to us or or other shows um i don't know i think as a as a
value proposition i know it's kind of a weird way to think about that but um i i you know i think
it's worth i think it's worth a little bit of scratch if you know compared to stuff like you
know netflix or your cable subscription like i don't know i listen to way more podcasts than i
watch episodes of orange is the new black on netflix for instance are there any other shows that you
no just that one just the one i love that laura prepon uh she's yeah she's america's
treasure america's treasure laura prepon uh again sometimes i'd like to drive up beside
people and roll down my window and ask them yeah yeah we got it
no he was making a great poop on chick let me try it one more time yeah one more
time i'd like to roll down the window and ask them if they have any laura prepon
one more time it's out of the mustard one more time it comes in a jar one more time five dollars
a month 44 i thought you were asking travis to make his great great lord sometimes i like
to roll down the window and i don't know they have any laura prepon i can't stop this
five dollars a month you're going to get 44 hours of exclusive bonus content just like this
for ten dollars a month you'll get that beautiful 18 month calendar where we're all kitties for
twenty dollars a month diamond friendship circle you're going to get the morning essentials kit
with that great tongs coffee some stack soap to help get your day going right and a beautiful
cobalt blue coffee mug and at 35 a month that's really not that much if you think about it it's
not a ton but you're going to get all this great stuff and two uh rock and clay graved highball
glass two rocket glaives they're amazing maybe crawl um anyway we have maximumfund.org forward
slash donate if you haven't given yet please go do that uh while you're doing that we have
uh a very special treat for you that's kind of weird that it even exists uh our guest
this week on the program is uh lin-manuel miranda who you might know from his appearances on shows
like uh how i met your mother his uh tony and grammy award-winning musical in the heights
uh his upcoming musical hamilton or many other projects that i mean he's helped write for
everybody in on earth he's written every song that's ever been ever that's ever been or will
be uh and he listens to our show which is crazy that's a crazy thing that is true and almost on
a dare he has uh written a version of uh fugue for ten horns which is a song from guys and dolls
uh uh but he wrote it about our show and then we recorded it so it's a song by a person who's
won a tony and grammy for songs and you're welcome you're welcome uh and he wrote it for us and you're
going to get to enjoy it um right now i got the horse right here the name is paul revere and he's
the ghost of the horse that one last year ghost horse ghost horse there's no way to beat ghost
horse he flies through the air of course ghost horse ghost horse ghost horse
ghost horse there's no way to beat ghost horse
horse by half he's got no arms legs or face and he makes me laugh
the horse beer just might give you a vampire bite
this guy tells the horse that he sees at night
it's like
higher horse likes blood and just a man it's sweet he's got the wraps and beats he likes
billy in the streets life's blood in the sheets i'll tell you
be another soap up steer it's from a yahoo answer that's real sincere
this what an honor uh and a pleasure it is
to welcome our second guestpert to the show uh third if you count our dad i guess what the
fuck is that too good at what is he really raising heroes uh we want to welcome lind manuel randa
lind is a uh i mean where to start a tony award winner uh a composer uh a friend if i may be so
bold you are so bold and so right he was on how i met your mother he wrapped he wrapped in marshall's
face and made me the happiest i've ever been yeah it was like the best it was the best because i had
just seen lynn in new york like a couple weeks before that and it was probably the most famous
i've ever felt uh but anyway welcome to the show lind manuel miranda oh thank you fellas
long time listener first time call that's great you understand that that's crazy right you're like
a real dude you're like in the earth you're like i like i met tom selig once after a performance
of a thousand clowns uh i met him after i met him after the show and uh he told me apropos of
nothing to keep it up and this is still the coolest person i've ever talked to oh my god
you guys uh so lynn you are an expert if i may be so bold a guest spurt in in in musical theater
how did you how did you get your start there how did that come about oh gosh uh i had um
my parents were were cast album collectors that's that's like their whole jam so it was
lots of man of la mancha i think you guys went through the same thing because uh your dad tweeted
me uh pictures of him as nicely nicely man if you want me to drop my uh buddy hack it as sancho
panza on you you just say the words you oh my god you have not heard sancho until you justin basically
is sancho irl in one of the great in what in perhaps the most representative anecdote of my
life i am basically living day-to-day as sancho panza and for years my audition jam was uh i don
quixote man of la mancha it's like the classic sort of self like self-defeatist uh approach to
getting cast in anything ever good enough for number two so who becomes your who's your donkey
hote is that griffin or is that travis well i was auditioning for the role of donkey hote so
presumably i mean a yet fatter that's what the world's been waiting right i basically need the
subject of a tlc reality show my my sancho panza uh but okay lynn we we uh is so i your credentials
sorry i was letting you continue i was letting you justify your guesspertness um yeah i i've been
writing musicals for a long time i i my first musical i wrote in high school it was a 20 minute
musical called nightmare in d major it was very pretentious and it was about a the fetal pig you
dissect an ap bio coming back uh to haunt you it was the worst can you sing us any of it now
i would go see it man i would still watch it i don't know if you heard i don't know if you
heard earlier when i said that i watched tom selleck and a thousand clowns all the way through
like i could definitely my bar is pretty pretty low um and then you wrote a musical called in the
heights indeed man i'm glad i didn't mess it up i had like a moment just like a moment i was like
i'm gonna say it wrong here it comes on the flights damn it blew it men in tights
man and tight have you noticed that men in tights and jews in space from history the world part one
are the exact same melody i have noticed that lynn oh no if we get you guys to start on melbrooks
will never escape from it oh my god uh and you're working on a a new musical or it's it's done now
what's the status on on hamilton it's gonna open uh next year at the public and it's called hamilton
and it's a hip-hop musical about alexander hamilton is that fine okay yes oh my god if so if there was
ever a role is that what justin mcelroy yes is that what you're is that where you're you just
said you're at the public before we started recording are you like are you like on the scene
right now yeah i i i have a a deadline on uh friday for the producers to bring in new songs so i was
just like can i have office space so that i'm not just uh at home and it changes every day so i
literally i walk around the public in like slippers and pajamas like i like a crazy person fuck that's
cool though how long until they realize that you're living there it's good i mean you know i
brush my teeth a lot it's very pursuit of happiness right now you hear that in the rafters you hear
that that's the ghost of joe pop uh all right here we go questions we do have questions for you lynn
and we're going to give them to you now prepare all right i'm ready can i borrow your tony for
a weekend no questions asked no questions absolutely fantastic just go ahead do you you
ps that to me is it kosher to sing musical theater at karaoke i imagine it's more nuanced
than yes no what sorts of musical theater work at karaoke i wonder if it's about some sort of irony
like a step of removal from just belting a ballad sometimes lame is group numbers have worked well
but like oklahoma that seems like bad news what are your desperate thoughts and that's from an
alto who can't belt for shit wow justin that's really fucking harsh i like that's the self
described as his own moniker his or her own moniker it's probably a her yeah well maybe
could be a dude out though i don't know um you know i i think that this is a i i think it's
absolutely acceptable but as in all karaoke you gotta read the room you know there's you know
there's fun meatloaf singing like paradise by the dashboard light where everyone can get involved
because there's lots of parts of everybody and then there's like singing heaven can wait really
slowly to yourself sadly and everyone's just but sometimes a crowd wants it sometimes a crowd just
came there to put some tears in their beers and that's when you do summer loving yeah that's
summer loving's pretty good anything from greece will get everyone involved if you're doing well
involved you gotta do beauty school dropout on repeat i feel when i hear something from greece
i do feel emotionally involved but not necessarily like a heart pounding smile generating sort of
way that's true um you know if you're doing soliloquy from carousel you fucked up you're
doing it wrong i want to find out what karaoke bar this person is going to that has lay miz in the
book oh man there's i feel like since the movie everyone's got hathaway dreams yeah
oh boy i will now be performing poor judd is dead
all right i actually this is like the worst thing is when you get someone you do a thing like it's
like got too many parts like you're doing your fault from into the woods it's like look all
the parts yeah you need nine nine talented singers i went to a karaoke place once and i saw uh sit
down you're rocking the boat in the book and i was like this is a jam this is gonna get the people
going maybe i'll do it so good that people will do like the sit down you're rocking rocking the
boat and just move to it and i got up there and i grabbed the mic and i took a swig of beer for
courage and then i heard ting ting ting ting ting and i was like oh no i just got don henley because
it was definitely the don henley version it was the kids you got henley nightmares and hathaway
dreams exactly the other thing that can happen with musical theaters the the accompaniment
could be real shitty oh yeah so then you get the like ting ting ting now my selection from floyd
collins won't won't feel good at all don henley was was exclusively backed up by midi files during
his solo career not a lot of people know that uh i i think that you're the the thing that i get
stuck on here is the irony because i feel like the important thing about good karaoke is that
at some point if you're going to sing something that some people might consider an ironic choice
it has to be bolstered by sincerity you have to make that's uh what the justin mccoroy story
literally every jam you've got is delivered with a stoicism that that is just like completely
inappropriate i don't keep lori morgan's something in red at arm's length i love you become let it in
you you dress yourself in something in red and then you perform you're the vessel you're the
vessel for that song it is important to know no joke when i was uh leaving huntington and
moving to cincinnati justin saying that to me at karaoke and i believe made his mother-in-law cry
i don't think she quote unquote got it she was touched by my performance
uh of a woman of a woman struggling to regain her body after the birth of her child
just touched her i i was yet i was just a mere conduit for the work of miss lori morgan
that reminds me i was at a wedding once and the mother son dance was helen reddy's you and me
against the world and it and it was like oh she's not she's not ready to let go of it she's holding
them too tight that's the most on the nose song choice that you could pick uh here's another
question uh sir do you have any advice for an actor trying to keep his voice healthy and working
on stage i get so much conflicting information that i'm not sure what is and is not good for
my singing for instance i have a professor that swears by milk and a voice teacher who says not
to touch any dairy near our performance date what rituals have you done to keep in working order
and that's from singing the blues at swine palace oh man okay so there's everyone will tell you
something different the only things that can that just are fail safes are you have to sleep eight
hours a night and you have to drink like so much water but then find the balance that you're not
peeing your pants on stage when i started doing in the heights i i had no idea how like about
nutrition i used to eat just personal pan pizzas for three meals a day in my head this is what i
knew about nutrition i was like oh it's the exact same size as my stomach there's a hole it fills
the hole it's done you turn those little pizzas into tony's that's that's the most incredible
alchemical transformation i've ever heard of but then off broadway i would i just running on fumes
i would think i'll have coffee and a muffin then i'll do a two and a half hour show and then i go
hey why is everything gray and why am i gonna fall down dead in front of all these people
um so nutrition like just like getting your food in like and and having digested like an
hour before showtime is clutch because you know i was i was rapping on stage and i just became like
the burping monster if i ate too close to the thing so that's that's one of those things you
don't think about unless you're doing it um you have to like eat way before and and drink lots
of water so that you're not going through the things humans go through when you're actually
on stage you could do what our dad swears by what's that hot dr pepper hot dr pepper that's
that's hot that's a real thing tea and coffee hot and he's like our dad doesn't drink coffee or tea
or alcohol he drinks hot dr pepper because he's a robot sent from the future to kill all of us
he also used a you know uh maxi pad to i'm so glad i'm so glad that you know that story to tend
to a wound on his butt he's gonna hear that and be honored that you know that i know that you've
got your hands full with a lot of projects right now but would you consider your next project being
the story of our dad's maxi pad makeshift survivor bandage yes i think that's i think that's rife to
not a lot of meat on those bones maybe for like a one-act competition or something here's yeah
absolutely here's the plan you star in the tv series of it and we turn it into a movie
all of a sudden you got the egot for our dad's lacerated butt cheek
although i really feel like that's more of a brandy quade
sorry lynn listen i'm sorry to be the one to break this to you we have to remove you from the
project it's uh listen randy k quay just came out and just like fucking knocked it out of the park
he wrote some songs on spec yeah performed them himself he was so fucking realistic i
asked him to borrow 20 dollars okay well you know what he did another question he cut his
own butt cheek open in front of us it was like the scene in fame he was just cutting us is this
what you want it is what we wanted god i have another question what would be the worst hollywood
hit to adapt into a musical i would have said rocky but it looks like that's mood that's from
thomas yeah it already happened i i think the the the general rule is it's got to be something
that's not dependent on the star like one of the biggest flops of all time was big the musical
uh because hey that whole movie is tom hanks his face being charming um but elf has hung in there
yeah elvis elvis that's true it's a holiday angle maybe yeah yeah it's got like a a season to wrap
around and it comes out every christmas like it kind of wraps around that but i don't know when i
see a movie adaptation even some of the best ones like i'm just kind of waiting for the scene i like
yeah to happen right and that that becomes uh i don't know that becomes kind of a tough thing
that's why producers really worked because that really was like a thing about the theater whereas
young frankenstein's a movie genre parody so you're just waiting for gene hackman to show up
i remember i also think i also think that it's uh it has to do with character thing and that's the
difference between like elf and big is elf is the character buddy the elf that was played very well
it's like shrek the musical you know i mean you're going to see shrek you're going to see tom hanks
in big he's not doing a character he's just being tom hanks i remember when i went to our local
community theater's production of uh titanic the adaptation of the film titanic i was just like
where's the jugs just waiting for i checked the where's that french girl i checked the playbill
just like looking for a clue of where the jugs might be um they weren't there it's mostly just
like singing and some hydraulics in case anyone's wondering what the main difference between like
having a guspert and just like recording with my brothers is earlier when manuel said that gene
hackman was in young frankenstein and i didn't say anything and i've been sitting on it for the last
five minutes i'm sorry is g wilder then is g wilder oh man you just lost a tony you got forwarded
i'll do it gene gene hackman's the blind man in the blind man scene oh damn it oh my
oh give me my
so oh my god i took my headphones off because it got so awkward and then i put them back on just
in oh fellas fucking hey man listen that's literally the first time in history not just
this podcast the history of the world that travis got schooled on some sort of mel brooks movie
minutia well done it was amazing can i counter with a musical question okay so there's a musical
being made of your life who plays you oh fuck between brothers are you actually asking the
three of us or is this i'm actually asking the three of you oh my god i would get griffin to
play me i mean he knows me pretty well i've heard him saying he does well yeah uh i always thought
i was kind of a peter o'toole okay you can't really yeah i'm sorry to tell you you can't
really say that out loud you know i get a lot of um i get a lot of people who uh i guess when they
see me for the first time or something they say i look like elijah wood and i don't fucking get
it like at all i think it's literally just like dudes with brown hair and glasses that aren't
super tall um maybe we have the same frame the same sort of physical we cast the same uh the
same silhouette um i don't know how he is as a singer though i don't know that i've ever heard
him sing for a long time i got krista tan well yeah fucking yeah well yeah dead ringer the
problem is i've always been compared to people that like are older than me no one says you look
like this 16 year old kid i know so can i cast someone who's like 15 years my senior to play me
if the musical is set 15 years from now yeah absolutely to you in the future i just wonder
how these scribes are going to write so many songs for my musical about looking up low calorie recipes
on the internet and trying to make them because that's pretty much what my life is these days
okay here's how i cast you gentlemen okay justin peter gallagher fucking what that's bullshit i
wanted peter gallagher so bad you don't want to be the gallagher he's my favorite living man it's
me justin mcelroy listen you'll get him next time don't salt lind manuel's game let me give you a
smear okay griffin also peter um gallagher too the gallagher it'll be like that frankenstein show
where they switch roles every night justin gets gallagher monday wednesday friday well i would say
in keeping with the with the young brown haired man with glasses i would have daniel radcliffe
play okay i love it can i tell you a problem though yeah basically everyone's seen his dick
haven't they yeah oh my god i've seen it i like reminded me i saw it i like to okay i have a lot
of questions let me just say i a i like to keep my stuff mysterious um so that wouldn't that
casting really wouldn't work for me let's send it back maybe we can get quayne the picture um
b how was that tech though because i haven't actually seen it it was actually it was fine
but here's my counter proposal okay we rewrite equus the musical it stars but the main character's
name is griffin okay and he likes to fucking blind fantastic and that way daniel here's the
other issue though is that equus the musical uh is basically our podcast for the past three and a
half years we have to put some music to the words we've been saying but i think the content's all
there who's travis who's travis um uh yeah either krista tan or michael gambon and we said it way in
the future i love it oh my god if there is ever i don't know why i picked so many british guys
for you but that's just what i love that michael gambon plays older travis he's looking back at
younger travis and then i get cast in it so i can be yeah i also want to tony let me into your club
land if there was ever a movie with peter gallagher daniel racliff and travis mcelroy i would invent
a new format that's better than blu-rays so i and have that be the only film in the format because
that's how i would want to that way you could really clearly see my facial expressions because
i had no idea what to do acting with the two of them hey hey harry potter and the dude from the
oc it's really remember hey remember when you were sandy cohen i love assault my game uh i got
another question for you lynn all right this is a little this is a little more serious this is
the theater is my passion but my passion does not pay the bills i have found some success in stage
managing locally it's not enough to support my lifestyle namely eating and having a roof over
my head i have a full-time career so selfish not not not fulfilling and often prevents me from doing
more theater projects learn to forage uh how do i find balance between needing money to live
and living for the arts and that's from it's a hard knock life in north cornwall township pa
oh that's theater hotspot yes hotbed uh timeout i mean we shouldn't we shouldn't hate because
like we did theater for christ like decades in huntington west virginia the great white way
which i say because it's only white people there dude their production of saigon did not work
travis was that this is no shit travis was i think you're joking travis was in a production
of uh fame where oh christ what was the role now forget oh okay well griffin more strike you're
right in that we did have there's a uh a tyrone show named tyrone who is a young african american
man who sings a song about being black that includes lines like you know i don't want no
black jack ace of spades uh that was played by i don't need no rich bitch yeah hold me down right
yeah it was played by a white gentleman but wait they did dye his hair black oh no now that's ready
cool you want me to top that i played lord high underling in a 98 white version of the wiz
at my high school i also played a siamese person in the king and i so that's that's where did you
you underwent a very uh i would say exhausting bronzing treatment for that didn't you yeah i
was tanning um every day for 25 minutes a day that's what that's the you know i'm getting those
stories now with heights because heights is getting done all over the country and they're
like check out our tans and i'm like no no no i did that for uh south pacific i was the little
boy in south pacific that was me i dyed my hair black can you give me that one more time
oh boy got it oh my god amelie is
uh that's where it came from uh god i wish somebody would write plays for white people
for once lind said should this person move you know well i mean if this person well listen
everyone's trying to find that balance right of of doing what you love and still having a roof over
your head i was a professional substitute teacher for eight years when i was telling everyone i was
a writer um i was in fact telling my kids when i was subbing and they would just yell and throw
things at me i'd be like i've got big dreams let's turn to chapter three i don't know i don't know
maths yes but i'm workshopping this kids tell me what you think um so you know that's that's the
hard thing it's like finding jobs that that give you flexibility that's why a lot of actors or
waiters i was a sub i was like a professional sub uh forever i used to dance at bar mitzvahs
like and not even like that's something they came that's something they hire out
yeah and it's really weirdly pimpish it's like they hire you to be a guy to encourage kids to
dance so you feel you're literally asking 13 year olds like hey rachel you're a woman now why don't
you get your friends to come dance oh my god lynn i did this exact job at gino's pub and family fun
center except i put on a hawaiian shirt and got people to do ymca same thing right oh basically
yeah it's it's tough it's tough that's that's did you do i could have used you at like a couple
homecomings i see i feel like you could like run hey griffin get up and dance with me yeah
yeah and literally be like hey sweet caroline i know this one to you guys oh jesus christ that's
incredible why didn't you go out of dignity obviously i'm out of dignity obviously you've
done very well for yourself in the in the the acting circuit but did you ever consider going
pro at the dance band circuit i'm i'm so scared one day a video is going to emerge and and it'll
all be over just be dancing with like a 13 year old girl doing the macarena everything will end
that'll be the clip for your in memoriam
i saw a great tweet for rob low after the uh during the oscars he said that uh every time uh
they get a shot of him opening a door and smiling he wonders if it'll that's the one they'll use for
it okay i was at a function i didn't really want to be at recently everyone was wearing ties and
fresh haircuts the subject of musicals was brought up whereupon i mentioned that i love them when
asked what i like i said that singing in the rain and phantom of the opera are two of my favorites
these selections were met with a certain amount of eye rolling and dismissal obviously i've seen
other musicals but i feel that these are famous and frequent favorites for a reason still i was
phased out of a conversation where musicals were discussed almost exclusively uh by lyricists
slash composer brothers gespert what is the most obnoxiously obscure broadway musical i could
spring on snooty theater know it at all that's from petty prospective playbill pedant that's
fun oh these friends sound like the worst like the pits right one appreciate the class is there
yeah singing the rain is like the best movie musical ever it's very good and phantom how old
are you griffin phantom's older than griffin it's been running on broadway longer than i am 14 years
old and he owns a house and i own a house and that fucked up yeah no it's literally been running uh
two thirds of my life and you know why this is i always wonder at it i think it's because it gets
at like your most emo teenager thing it's like about like a guy who's like i'm hideously ugly
but secretly i'm a genius christ they are gonna remake this and it's gonna be called friend zone
and instead of a mask and horrible facial disfiguration it'll be a fedora and horrible
facial disfiguration um but you know uh if you want i mean if you want to say if you want to
like be really like highbrow you just say uh floyd collins floyd collins is like this really great
musical by adam gettle about a guy who was stuck in a well and it didn't run that long so no one
actually saw it but everyone pretends to have seen it and they go oh well i saw floyd collins
is there a is there a sort of relationship that sort of exists in uh in in in music where
if your show can make it to broadway it is no longer you know underground is there sort of
that same sort of indie dichotomy of like once a band becomes so popular that like like pitchfork
reviews them or features them as best new music that they're not underground anymore like once
you won your tony did people just write you off they're like oh he's bullshit i know i know him
before he was i saw heights before it was cool i saw dancing on a 13 year old girl i liked this
old stuff when he was dancing with the macarena at bar mitzvahs yeah yeah i liked his early stuff
with rachel um no but uh you know the the thing that happens with musical theater snobs is they
like the thing that ran 10 performances or 11 performances and like flopped because no one went
to see it and they're like oh well i saw because they're the only weird they're the only ones in
the room who saw that that like sort of experience is fossilized in amber that's kind of like a weird
uh i i've never really thought about three repercussions of like the the the potential for
being a snooty fan of theater because people can't seek out like they literally can't seek out this
thing that you saw like you they they can lay no claim to it whatsoever because it's so right
from forever the holy grail like i don't know seeing nirvana when it was in the garage was
seeing carry the musical because it was like the biggest bomb of all time and there was like a
crazy hip-hop gym number and so like if you saw carry when it was running like way more people
claim to have seen it than actually saw it that's great well that's the crazy thing about it right
because almost by definition is if something is really fantastic and like something you have to
see then it will be around for longer right yeah i saw i saw the original actor in the spider-man
musical before he broke every bone below his penis he shattered every bone below his penis
in the greatest fall i've ever seen you know you joke but it's funny there's like a whole like
movement of people who are like i saw the tamer version before they recut it and it was so much
better like there's totally that that's the that's the corollary to the like hipster i saw it before
it was popular thing um i was like i saw it when it was bad it was great um is there are the room
of of of musicals i guess um yes and it's called dance of the vampires and it was um i'm already so
fucking on board of this rock it was a huge hit in germany of course it fucking was ran
14 performances on broadway and it was all jim steinman music and he's the guy who wrote all of
like meatloaf's tunes right okay yes and so it was vampire porn mixed with you know uh i would do
anything for love fucking fan so it was it was like basically every movie johnny depp's ever been
in it was a three hour musical with four songs in it is what you're telling me and and lots of
emoting and feelings yeah terrific i am so do you know how i wake up angry that jim steinman never
got to make his batman musical i wake up angry and go to bed angry about it i love me some jim
steinman my favorite rumor about jim steinman i've never met him i'm sure he's awesome uh but
my favorite rumor about jim steinman is if he goes into restaurants and goes i will take everything
on the menu thank you that's like a thing i've heard people who have eaten with him say he goes
just one of everything thank you he doesn't eat it he just throws it away so other people can't
have it just to have it what's gonna be less food on earth uh thank you so much to our special
guestpert uh lynn manuel miranda whoa i just barely got through it there hold on hold on right
to the end i had a little mini stroke nothing to worry about folks uh what if people want to see
you in person where do you live how can they how can how can they do that oh well you can follow
me on the twitter uh lynn underscore manuel um and you can come see hamilton uh which will open in
january uh at the public oh and i'm doing i'm gonna act in a tick tick boom this oh fuck that's
right yeah uh at city center uh in june so and that's like five shows so you could just say you
saw it even if you didn't get to see it and be like i saw him in tick tick boom post dancing
with rachel i i did more performances of that if it's a bird to play superman lynn what's going on
tell them to step up that's their whole deal though they do it for like five shows i mean
and that's that's the whole thing um but yeah so i'm doing that and uh and i live in washington
heights and you can see me on the train perfect lynn thank you so much for joining us uh we
appreciate you so much and uh thank you for your sharing your wisdom with us it means the world
thank you fellows this dream come true oh i was not kidding about that tony i do need it
uh thank you so much to our friend lynn manuel miranda uh you are uh a hero um and
a max fun donor actually funny enough how much i don't know
but that's how i judge like how good a friend he is if you want to join lynn uh in in our army
of love you can help us change the world you can go to maximum fun dot org forward slash donate uh
and join up at one of those uh donation levels five dollars a month you're gonna get 44 hours
you can't five dollars a month and you get 44 hours of exclusive bonus content that's insane
that's gonna keep you going so long how much you spend on a movie ticket and is that movie 44 hours
oh shit i hope not that's too long that's too long for me to get impacted battles how is that
how is that movie theater even gonna stay open for 44 straight hours what are you gonna stay
open for any extended period of time charging five dollars for 44 hour movie that's stupid
hopefully you can spare five dollars a month that's all we're asking here five bucks a month
go to maximum fun.org if you can kick in more if you can do ten dollars a month
that that would be amazing and you get a beautiful calendar to thank you
and more importantly you get uh all of us uh getting to keep creating stuff that you enjoy
we um we use that that money to to grow the network and add podcasts it's crazy how many
podcasts we've added in the past year uh we use it to buy new stuff buy new equipment we bought
travi a new computer because his died while we were recording an episode juice bought a pretty
sweet sound mixing board um i can we talk about more uh yeah we're gonna do we we have the
preliminary plans in place for a live show a live recording of this podcast um that we're gonna can
we say where it's gonna be in new york city gonna be in new york city big apple sorry everywhere
else we've done we've done basically every like quadrant of this country of this great nation of
ours except for that one so new york city deets deets soon hopefully what i would say can i can
we say a day just so people can keep their calendars open i mean what if it falls through
what if we're getting close to just like the event horizon we might as well just tell them
what it is well yeah i okay so new york keep it locked to our uh uh mbnb am on twitter and our
facebook page and you know we'll we'll let you know as soon as tickets go on sale uh there won't
be like a crazy number of tickets so you'll want to keep an eye out for that uh and of course we'll
let you know you know on the next episode and stuff so uh that's going to be really fun and
really looking forward to it but we're hoping to do more um right over over time so and your
support of the max fun network helps make that possible it helps pay for our travel
um and makes us able to to take some time off work to be able to do that kind of thing we will
we tickets should go on sale soon probably this week so keep keep an eye out uh and i think that's
going to do it for us you know this week we this is can i just say this since it's our last one
like our last our last max fun drive app um thank thank you guys so much it's it's really amazing
that everybody comes out to support us but also that like i don't know we only do this 11 days out
of the year and like we never we never hear shit like we don't get shit for doing this you know
what i mean like i literally have not had one single solitary person complain about the the
drive to us this year good job you guys now we're gonna get all kinds of people that are making
jokes and cracking wise no that you guys are amazing and it really does it the the fact that
the fact that you get it like it means the world to us um so i want to say thank you to all you
guys um make sure uh at the end of i think it's on friday the 28th they're doing a a live stream
jordan jesse go is kind of like a thank you for the max fun drive so make sure to check that out
i'm checking i'm fact checking you right now uh thank you to john roger in the long winter
should use for a theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed um go buy that
yeah everybody tweeting about the show the live sorry the live show is that they're doing for the
the live stream show is the 28th at 19 o'clock i don't know if that's pt et ct mt i don't know
keep it locked griffin last question keep it locked for 19 uh thank you everybody it's finally
yahoo sent in by alan black thank you alan blacks by yahoo answers user corey james who asks
did dinosaurs have scrotums i'm just mcroy i'm travis i need a fucking cosmo sap i need to
fucking soar into a brachiosaurus's nuts it's been a bit of a minute since the last time a final
question really probing uh i'm griffin mcroy it's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square
on the lips maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
