The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey everybody, it's E3 time again. Heading out to sunny LA to see the latest and greatest in
video games. This is my brother, my brother, and me, the Vice Chef of the Modern Era. I'm Justin,
and the middle one's Travis and Griffin, but I want to talk to our leading video game expert to
get his predictions about what we're going to see as a big show. Travis McElroy, video games have
come a long way since Pac-Man, as I remember it. Maybe you could let us in on what we can expect
from interactive entertainment in 2014 at E3. Well, the buzz is that they're going to make
Pac-Man, but for girls. And what will the difference be? Just an ass with some
fair amount of trepidation? The Pac-Man will have female genitalia,
and it will be visible. I always assumed Pac-Man's mouth was a vagina this whole time.
Is that incorrect? No, it is correct. It'll just be more blatant. Our fastest,
most problematic episode to date. So what else can we expect from video games?
Well, do you remember the Sonic game for Dreamcast in which you could collect little animals,
and they were in your memory card? Chows.
They're going to take that, but turn it into a little standalone game.
You can feed the animals and clean up their poop and exercise them.
So like a Tamagotchi is what? Like a what? Except they will die within seconds.
They're telling us we need to wrap up our segment. Any other quick rapid fire predictions
about the big show? I think they're going to make a new Mario game.
That's probably- Now when you say they.
Uh-huh. Video game people. The video game people are-
The video gamesters. Jim Tendo.
Hi, my name is Jim Tendo. I've been making Mario games from my garage for the past 30 years,
and I'm not going to do a goddamn thing different. It's all I know.
His original name wasn't Mario. It was Mark. My brother Mark, who is a plumber, yes.
I have a calendar. Each page is one year. On alternating pages, there are pictures of Mario
and Link. It helps me remember what game I'm making. Guess which year this is?
Santa Star. We don't even do Santa Star, I don't think.
And when I say they, I just mean me, Jim Tendo. Jim Tendo, I make all of the video games you play.
I want to help people. I don't like video games anymore.
Me neither. I just think they peaked.
When? Prince of Persia, the original one? Battle Toads.
Battle Toads. Quest for Glory.
I haven't played a game that has been as good as Quest for Glory since Quest for Glory.
That's goddamn true.
Yeah, that's accurate. Let's not talk about this anymore. I feel like this is excluding,
well, if not a majority of our audience, at least all the cool ones.
Yeah, video games are a huge bummer.
So let's move on to some helping. I work on a history ship. No ghosts, sorry.
Now, to be fair, Jocelyn, it does say historic ship, not a history ship.
Hup along on my history ship. We're going back to 1512.
What's up in 1512? Nothing, it sucks. Hop on the boat.
Here comes the time dock.
Oh shit, we missed the time dock.
Time to pay your fees to disembark.
We missed the time dock.
Now it's 1314. It gets worse as you go back.
Now we're going to charge you all a premium for the smallpox vaccine.
That's how they get you on history time ship.
That's how they extort you on the history ship.
I work on a historic ship. No ghosts, sorry.
Prove that.
And also that you can see and that have made their presence known.
I mean, let's qualify a little bit.
They're all around us.
I also live in one of the staterooms that you see on the ship.
I also live in one of the staterooms that used to be officer's quarters.
The deal is that I live here for free as long as I agree to be the after hours security guard.
The problem is I have a hard time kicking people off who snuck on late at night.
I'm not a naturally intimidating person.
I'm a young early twenties woman, usually very cheerful, sort of plump,
and I like nearly everyone I meet.
What are some things I can do to scare trespassers
so they'll get lost without putting up a fight?
And that's from Scarcely Scary Sailor.
Your last sentence, your last sentence is answered by your first one.
Yes. A thousand times yes.
You have to pretend a ghost.
You gotta ghost them.
You have to ghost them.
All you have to do, walk up in like an old timey dress and say like,
have you seen my child?
And they will fucking run away.
Oh, God, Travis, you just put a chill up my spine.
A ghostly chill.
DMVM chillers.
Have you seen my husband?
Oh, yeah, he'd be in the lifeboats.
Tropic chillers.
I'm cold.
I ate some bad shrimp at the buffet.
Oh no, I've had the norovirus for three days.
I don't have any fluid in my body or my bowels.
Boop.
I booped everywhere.
The border lost my trunk.
That's not ectoplasm.
It's my crushing diarrhea again.
Oh no, I've gotta go bye.
I, what if you, what if you are too good?
Is my worry.
And they stab you because they don't know how ghosts work.
And they bust you.
No, and they, no, they call the ghostbusters.
Here's my question, okay?
You're a very convincing ghost.
Yeah.
All right.
The ghostbusters show up to bust you.
You tell them, oh, sorry, I understand the confusion.
I'm a human pretending to be a ghost.
I'm ghost catfishing.
I'm ghost fishing.
They say, ha ha ghost, oldest trick in the book.
You don't think slime are trying that shit.
We've tried this one.
We've seen this one many, many times before.
You are a ghost.
Busting makes me feel good.
Add it up.
And those proton beams.
Those, those don't just like make you twirl around.
And when, and sparks shoot off of you, those will lathe you in half.
Okay.
So we can all agree that there is a circumstance in which the
ghostbusters have accidentally murdered people.
Almost certainly.
Almost break into the bus, busting HQ late at night.
And, and Winston's jumpy.
He's like, whoa, who's that?
And then he opens his bedroom door blast.
Oops.
Oops.
Sorry.
I know.
Why would you jump on Winston?
Who is my favorite ghost buster.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Justin, you want to explain that?
Why?
I just, I thought he might be near the front door.
Makes sense.
I don't know.
Cause he was the last ghost buster.
So he was the last ghost buster.
Oh, so he got the shittiest bed.
Everybody else wants to be on the second floor above them
so they can use the pole, you know, and they know immediately
when they fucked up too, right?
Cause you kill, you kill the woman.
And then she's just there again, but in a different form.
Now you do need to bust that because she,
she has been murdered in a horrible manner.
And then it just goes down in the books as a preemptive busting.
Yeah.
That's a good point, Travis.
It's a causal busting, not premeditated,
not premeditated accidental causal busting.
So we hope you, you know what?
You don't need to scare people off.
Just be cool.
Listen, honest to God, I've never snuck into anything ever,
but I can imagine that if I snuck onto something
and somebody with a flashlight period were to say,
Hey, get off.
I'd be like, Oh, yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
You got cursing a lot is good too.
That one's on me.
I'm not supposed to be here.
And I recognize that I am a dork.
Yeah.
It seems weird that people wouldn't just like leave.
I don't know.
I would be so frightened.
I hear anyone who tries to argue like, no, I'm,
I'm supposed to be here.
I'm on the list.
I'm on the historic boat list.
If you could take a look.
I just think you throw a good throaty curse at them
and they're gone.
So what's more scary?
If somebody shines a flashlight on you in a place,
you're not supposed to be, he's like, Hey, get out of here.
Or like, Hey, get the fuck out of here.
You're gone.
You've vanished.
You're out.
You're done.
I'll eat your fucking eyeballs.
I assume they hired a Frankenstein.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No noise that scary could come from you.
They captured, they took the history shit back in time
to when Frankenstein was.
And they captured him.
1991.
You all remember that, right?
You guys don't remember that.
You remember when Frankenstein had that hit song,
I'm too sexy for my shirt, right?
That's how you know.
That's how you know you're a child in the nineties.
You remember when Frankenstein was alive.
It's one reason to know if you were a child in the nineties,
Frankenstein killed your sister.
You want to Yahoo?
Sure.
So Yahoo was sent in by fucking who do you think drew Davenport
guys.
I can show you just have a direct pipeline.
I think we need to get drew on the show to explain like how
he finds these goddamn gyms.
Cause they're all gyms.
And like, I'm not saying that everybody else is bad,
but I mean, he's clearly running the game right now.
Spoiler alert.
He has three questions on the show.
I don't even need to say who sent him in anymore.
Anyway.
And remember level now you just have to say when they weren't
sent in by driven level 61.
One Yahoo shaman.
He bought the expansion.
He broke past the level cap.
Thank you.
It's a hundred to get them out.
Thank you, Drew.
It's asked by Yahoo answers user KTI who asks.
Does jail make you a man?
If it does, I'm thinking of stealing something or hurting
someone so that I can go there.
I want to get bulked up and have a strong personality.
So does it?
So does it or not?
I think we should strip that.
I think we should strip the gender from this.
Yeah.
Does it make you tough?
Doesn't make you a grownup, right?
I mean, that's the question.
I guess if we're being very literal about it, does it make
you older than 18?
I think I, of course, these are not the same class of people,
but there is something to me about people who've been in a
prison or served in the military and that they've been in
something that is unknowable to me.
These are not an experience.
You hope.
I hope, right, that I have ever had, will ever have, I hope.
So that does make me see them differently.
I don't know if like grown up is the word.
But here's my thing, because I've been trying to think like
where that perception comes from.
And it's got to be just like movies and TV, because every
time I've watched like an actual documentary or a movie
every time I've watched like an actual documentary or anything
that actually like shows real prisons and real people in the
prisons, it just seems like it makes you sad.
Yeah, you know, but like in movies, it's always like, oh,
it made them toughened them up, made their souls all leathery
and you couldn't mess with them after that because they'd been
in prison.
But really, then you watch things and it's just like, I
miss my family.
I don't know about that.
Like Shawshank had like maybe a few rough members in there.
But most of the dudes in Shawshank, I would say, are
pretty pillowy.
I mean, I guess that's true.
Shawshank's more about like breaking people.
It's more about, you know, like fucking Brooks and shit.
And okay, Brooks didn't come out tough.
No one at the supermarket that Brooks will work that was
like, do not do not.
Damn, don't fuck with Brooks.
He will sharpen a carrot and stab you in the eyeball.
Brooks was here, bitch.
Stab, stab, stab.
Yeah, that would be a way better movie.
Man, that movie sucks.
Shawshank Redemption 2.
Brooks was here.
That movie could have used way more produced violence in it.
I mainly just included this question to ask if you guys
think you would do good in jail.
Because like I sometimes think about it and I think about
putting myself in that situation.
And I think about how I would thrive on like a strategic
level and I would like make the right partnerships and
alliances with the people that I needed to to help really
help myself rain.
But then I think, oh, I'm thinking of Survivor.
Well, we just I think we have the closest thing we have to
this is middle school.
I was just about to say that.
I was just going to say, I know we talked about this last week,
but middle school is prison.
I certainly adapted to that socioeconomic structure by
graduating after three years.
Yeah, that was the way I dealt with that.
You don't upset the guards.
I went to your three years.
You get out.
I went to come back middle clink and it was not.
I look back at my time at come back and think about how much
I spent like, OK, you're like the football team.
Popular cool kids.
I want to make you laugh and make you guys not want to beat
me up.
I don't remember ever getting beat up or it wasn't just that.
It wasn't just that, was it?
It was OK, so it seems like I have to sort of fit into a group
and find a group.
Well, I'm going to take a day and think about it.
Oh, fuck it.
All the groups are closed now.
Well, I guess I'm just.
Oh, you're all calling me Pig Boy.
My new name is Pig Boy.
My new name is Pig Boy.
And this gentleman stole my super donut.
Oh, how fun.
No, that is that is fine.
It's my fault for taking a day to think about what the role
that I'm going to fill for the rest of my come back middle
clink career is going to be.
No, that's fine.
No, that's my fault for taking a day.
Yeah, that is that is really true.
I would constantly see people in groups or teams and think,
how did you get into that?
How did you do this?
Did you sign up for it?
Was it a thing like you pay ten dollars?
Did you all get pants at the same time?
And you all looked at each other's wieners and you were
like, well, this sucks.
Should we hang out?
We're going to do our own thing here, right?
So we can watch each other's backs and not get pants.
Did one football man do like a running tackle and managed to
get all six of you in his wingspan and pinned you to the
ground and peed in your hair at the same time?
And you're just like, well, I guess we're friends now.
The only group I ever heard about and oh, my God, I'm just
remembering this story.
And in the context of the present day, it is very strange
that at one point in middle school, I had one chance to get
into a click or a group of some sort.
There was a young lady who told me about an organization that
she was involved in where they it was sort of like a youth
group, except the main activity was that they would take the
youth around to try to buy cigarettes to see if they could.
And that was going to be your click?
You were going to be part of fucking Narc Club?
No, like Narc Club apparently did like a ton of other cool
shit as I remember, like go to movies and have pizza parties.
They tried to buy cigarettes and also drank a lot of beer.
Now that I'm like thinking about it in like in retrospect,
maybe my like non-involvement with this particular club-
With the fucking honey pot society?
We're bait kids.
Come hang out with us, Justin.
Hi, I'm the leader of this group.
I'm John Quinones and these are my bait kids.
Come on, bait kids.
To be fair, that does seem like the like first you go in and
try to buy cigarettes and then like next step you go to a
restaurant and see if you get carded and then third step
you're catching predators.
We're going to knock up.
Listen, we got a busy day of filming.
We need to get you kids all around town.
By the third show, though, like the criminal element in that
town is calling each other like, hey, watch out.
Bait kids are out.
Don't pick up one of those bait kids.
Bait kids are on the prowl.
I would like a glass of wine, please.
Yeah, right, bait kid.
Let me see your ID.
I already got the call from Hector.
You got it.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
This is convincing makeup.
Quinones will go to any length to fuck you over.
I bet you actually are 16 and you got Jack disease and you're
legally a 16 year old.
That's the only community I still go to.
Get out of here.
Get out of here, bait kid.
You wrinkly ass kid.
Wrinkly ass bait kid with your old liver spots and you're
dying.
You're dying.
And you're dying, miss.
Oh, God, you're dying now.
You're way, way before me.
Like the dude in Holy Grail.
You're really selling this bait kid.
You're turning to dust.
You're turning to dust.
You have chosen poorly.
You never know.
I'm so sorry, bait kid.
I miss you, bait kid.
I wish you were still here, bait kid.
Quinones rolls up like 15 minutes later.
Time to move to the next set.
What did you do to my bait kid?
He's ash.
He was my nephew and he had Jack disease and I loved him.
This is the fourth old ass bait kid this week.
That bait kid nephew is going to make me richer than I am.
I'm already very rich.
John Quinones.
I'm 26 and I've recently started going to college again after a dismal attempt at online
education.
I met this lovely young lady in my public speaking course that I really dug and we have
some great common footing.
We're about the same age with similar interests.
We both work full time and we go to school full time.
We started getting a little flirtatious during class, but then I found out her last name.
It turns out she is the niece of my stepfather's stepfather.
Now, I'm no genealogist, but I think by marriage that makes us double step cousins once removed.
Hachi-machi, now I know it.
She knows it and the American people know it.
Pump them brakes or keep on trucking.
That's for maybe a mishap in Grand Rapids.
I can't, I can't like, is there, there's, is there any blood there?
The point, the point is not whether or not there's blood.
It, I mean, it doesn't matter, right?
Is that-
That sounds so cra-
Like I-
Justin Tyler McElroy, let me pitch this.
Is the point, here's what I'm, here's what I'm trying to get to here, guys.
You are, you are wanting to move on because you don't know if there's blood or not.
I'm saying, is that the issue?
This is the fucking Kobayashi Maru though.
Because what I'm saying is it's not the issue because the issue is you know and your family
knows and that's the thing is like, okay, let's, let's draw a line down two, three years.
You guys really hit it off.
You get engaged, day of the wedding.
Are you on the groom's side or the bride's side?
Both.
But that's so far off.
What if it's love?
I did, this is what I'm saying.
I don't want to fall into this trap, but that's so crazy far apart.
Like, you never would have met her, you know?
Except you did.
You did though.
You did meet her though.
It wasn't even at a, it wasn't at a family gathering.
That's fair.
I guess you got points in that column.
You didn't meet her by just like nature or God or what have you brought you two together,
right?
Probably nature and God.
God wants this to happen.
God wants this to happen if that's true.
Nature wants it to happen.
Mother Gaia.
Are you, do you like each other because you are related?
Do you have a weird uncle that you both shared tender memories of before realizing that it
was the same guy?
Well, it would be your weird uncle, her like step brother, uncle, step, it'd be your step
bruncle at that point.
It would be your funky.
It would be your funky, funky, dunkey, unkey.
My boy just got married last weekend.
Mad props to Jacob Dunkel.
I'm so, so proud of you.
What's up?
Funky uncle.
What up?
Funky uncle.
Thanks for the bachelor party invite.
You piece of trash.
Just kidding.
Human garbage.
I hope you had a good time.
All right.
Here comes another question coming right to your dome.
My girlfriend and I just moved in together.
Neither of us have lived with a significant other for a long-term period and we need advice
about finances.
What's the best way to keep track of how much we're both spending and divide it up evenly?
Some other details.
I work full-time and make a reasonable but not excessive amount of money.
And my girlfriend is preparing to go to med school next year.
So there's an income difference between us and that's from long-term in Louisville.
This is a great question because we have the opportunity to between the three of us
determine, like, this is like we're talking about sitting on the same side of the table,
other side of the table, that kind of thing.
How do you guys do it?
I had to, by the way, do that.
We went to an Italian restaurant yesterday, regional I did, and we sat at like a semicircle
table and they put like all of our plates and shit together at the end of the semicircle.
It was a waking nightmare.
We were both just shuddering the entire time.
We couldn't even-
Don't touch me.
We couldn't eat.
Don't touch me, don't touch me.
What do we do?
Like, I don't-
Doesn't everybody reach a point where they just don't give a fuck about how the money's
distributed anymore?
Is that marriage?
Because I think I-
That's absolutely right.
I think I hit that point like way before marriage where like we-
It was even before we got like a joint checking account or anything like that.
It was just like-
I think early on-
You do it.
Yeah, I think early on you fall into this trap of going like, well, I pay for the cable
and so you pay for the gas and I'll pay for the thing.
And eventually like after you've been together long enough, all of your money is the same
because like you're paying for dinner or she's paying for the movie or you're paying
for, you know, whatever.
And eventually it's like, listen, let's not keep track.
This needs paid, you have money right now and I don't, so you pay it.
When we first got together, Teresa and I, like I wasn't making a lot of money because
I was bouncing between part-time jobs.
And so she like paid rent for like the first three or four months we were together and-
That's a lot.
Yeah, but then eventually it just kind of balanced out because then I started paying
for groceries and started paying for, you know, stuff around the house.
And eventually it all balances out in the wash, especially if you're together for like
a long enough period of time.
Eventually it's all going to just even out to zero anyway.
So, you know, what Teresa and I did is we went through and determined how much like
we spent on bills and rent and everything, and then opened a joint checking account.
And then we deposit enough money in it to cover all those things.
Plus a little bit more auto-debit it out every month.
So we don't have to worry about it.
And we're both just feeding money into that account that that way.
We're just paying for it together because-
It's like rounding like, like, you know how you, if you buy something from a store in,
you know, you're round to the cents, maybe the longer you're together, there's a formula
where, you know, at first you would, you would round to like the buck, right?
This is a $64 dinner.
We each need to pay $37 of it.
And then the longer you're together, you round-
You get such a bad job at that.
No, that was pretty good.
You round to the, oh no, it'd be 27, wasn't it?
Or 30, don't worry about it, it's not a big deal.
32, okay, anyway, and then the longer you're together, you know, you round to the teens.
Like you, you spent $40 on the movie and tomorrow I'll spend $40 on dinner.
And then after you've been together for a couple of years, then you round it like to
the thousands.
You spent a thousand on rent.
I spent nothing.
Rachel and I are up to the bills.
To the billions.
We're up to the billions, yeah.
You spent a billion on that private jet.
I don't know how much that cost.
A billion.
That's a billion round billion.
And I bought three Bugattis for 300.
I'm at a point where it's like, that is expensive.
It's probably a billion dollars.
Yeah, oh, a Bugatti?
It's probably 333 repeating million dollars, I would assume.
You could probably get three of those bad boys for a clean bill.
For a Boog?
Oh, for a Boog?
For a Boogavinsky?
Where are you guys at now as far, like, do you think that once you're married is the
time to transition to like, it doesn't matter whatsoever?
Or do you think that there's still a divide?
Because I think once you're married, especially once you're married, it hits a point.
And listen, if you're the type of couple that decides just to live together forever and
marriage isn't important to you, this also includes you.
Once you've made that commitment, there are people out there who do not believe in the
institution of marriage.
I'm talking to you too.
Once you hit that point, like, your survival and thriving in life becomes so intertwined
that it's like, I will also pay for the gas so that you do not stall out on the highway
later because that would also be bad for me because our lives are intertwined so deeply.
I don't want to pay for this, but I also don't want to be married and or permanently tied
to a bag person, some sort of person out on the streets.
I can't have that.
I have to keep you financially solid to a certain extent.
Because it's not like having a roommate if your if your wife or husband or significant
other can't afford to pay rent, but you can.
I'm very sorry, sweetheart.
Time to start looking for a new roommate.
Rachel, did you eat all those Doritos?
I thought those were my Doritos.
I labeled them.
I paid for those with my money.
We joke.
OK, I just made that goof, but like, well, I don't really give a shit about who spends
what on what.
If Rachel ate my goddamn Doritos, I would probably be pretty upset about that because
it's clearly not for I mean, they're Doritos.
She doesn't typically eat those.
I bought those because I knew she didn't eat them.
And I got excited about Domitos is what they were.
Fomitos.
They were they were Yoritos in the Spanish sense.
I I don't think there's a time when I feel more like a fat person than when I eat food
that I did not realize was not communal marriage food, but rather my wife's food, her food.
And I ate it and I didn't know.
And then I realized, I mean, you did.
You did know.
Hold on.
How often does that happen?
Like if it's like, OK, a good example is leftovers.
We're not super good at like leftover consumption.
So sometimes I'll eat her leftovers and she and I don't realize like I think I'm being
a good boy, right?
Justin's good.
You're cleaning out the fridge.
Clean out the fridge and put it in my belly fridge.
We've talked we talked about this like three episodes ago.
OK, I think we had different positions on it.
So I guess we're still evolving as people.
We grow.
We grow people.
We change.
We're growing.
Let's go to the money zone.
Hey, that's a pretty good intro.
OK, and a fart noise for color.
How about this?
Might I invite you to the money zone?
That's way better.
You sound like a warlock.
And you can't see me, but I did the full arm wave and turn.
I heard it.
OK, I just want to make sure my blocking was clear.
I can't see so good because I'm getting old and I've been hesitant about going to the store,
you know, because I don't I don't want to let that because it's the most humiliating
fucking thing ever trying on glasses.
Yeah, and the paps are outside waiting to snap a few pics of me in my glasses and then
it'll be all over the gossip rags.
Griffin, you wear the glasses.
The last time you were in a glasses store trying them on, do you not feel like just
the the stupid I put them all on looking yourself in the mirror,
as you greening on your face and making like I like the you know how we all do like a smile
in the mirror that you do that you like practice your smile.
So you look less like a creep and more like Sean from Boy Meets World.
Let me just mention real quick.
This is an advertisement for Warby Park.
No, we're going to get to the advertising, but I'm saying I want them to feel like they're
getting their money's worth.
I go to this is part of your ad Warby Park.
I went to the glasses store and I had to like put on each pair of glasses and do that.
Sean from Boy Meets World smile.
It made me look like the biggest fucking creep.
I went the last time I went and bought another vignette.
Fantastic.
My wife was not with me.
And the number of times I put on glasses and looked at the employees of the store and said,
does this look good?
Like I was the most helpless human being.
Like I clearly can't gauge my own appearance.
You don't have to live like Travis Seymour because there's Warby Parker.
Glasses shouldn't cost as much as an iPhone.
They've got fashionable, fashionable frames starting at ninety five dollars.
Not just frames.
I should mention they include the lenses too.
That's an amazing deal for anyone who's ever bought in a store.
Ninety five dollars for frames and lenses.
It's fantastic.
I mean, what they do is they've got a home try on program.
You can get five pairs of glasses and they're going to ship them to you.
You pick the ones you like and you ship the rest back.
There's no obligation.
It's free to ship them.
It's it is not not even a big deal.
The only problem is that all the glasses come to your door and they're covered in caramel.
It's not accurate.
You have to clean all the caramel off.
You can put them on your face.
Well, they got them secondhand from that store that got washed over with that wave of caramel.
That's what they sell them to you at discount prices.
Yeah, Warby Parker dot com slash my brother.
They don't.
The caramel thing wasn't true.
It is basically true.
But here.
Wait, before we move on, here's something that is true.
That's very awesome for every pair of glasses sold.
They distribute a pair of glasses to someone in need.
So you're buying glasses for yourself and helping someone out at the same time.
In need of in need of caramel thing that they don't
check to see if the prescription matches.
No, so they just hand them out and people go, I don't need glasses.
Like, you're welcome.
Shut up.
You look like Rivers Cuomo.
You look awesome.
Shut up.
Except for this caramel.
You look like if Rivers Cuomo is somehow coated in like caramelized.
You're like you're like the sticky face.
Rivers Cuomo, the developing world.
Now wear your sunglasses.
Rivers of caramel Cuomo.
If you go to Warby Parker dot com slash my brother, you're going to get free three day shipping.
So that's really nice.
And you should go, you know, check it totally out.
Warby Parker dot com slash my brother.
Go now.
Go, go, go.
Do it.
Speaking of caramel, let's talk about nature box.
Friend of the show.
I think they're so excited.
We've had a number of people.
Yeah, I'm finally trying it.
And that's exciting.
But at the same time, I want to go.
What do you mean?
Finally, we've been talking about what took you so long.
Six months.
What is it we said we said to you?
I know what I said.
How did we?
How did we?
OK, all right, guys, I'm looking at this month's new snacks.
They are amazing.
Well, what we got you some of these new snacks.
Sea salt pop pops pop pop.
Whole wheat strawberry figgy bars.
OK, how about this dark cocoa num nums?
Excuse me.
Chocolate quinoa granola.
Maple habanero.
The shit out of this just because of your fun, your fun accents that you're
doing.
Maple habanero pretzel pops.
I know.
The praline pumpkin seeds.
Are those good?
God, it's amazing.
People at NatureBox asked me what snacks I wanted.
They're going to send me a box.
Like, I want all of them.
You're getting free bows?
All these look amazing.
I'll share with you guys.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, you sure fucking will.
Can't wait.
Coffee kettle popcorn.
Like, goddamn.
So NatureBox is it's all healthy and stuff.
There's no there's no GMOs, no trans fat, no hard fruit, just no HMOs.
You can choose wherever you want to go to the doctor with NatureBox.com.
It's true, but you will never need to again.
That's our guarantee.
It's so fucking funny.
What's funny is like you won't even need to go to Warby Parker because you'll
eat the fucking snacks and suddenly your eyesight will get better.
Your vision's red.
These are fashion Warby Parkers.
I don't need them anymore.
Check out my fashion Warby's.
They'll send you a whole box of snacks.
You can eat the whole thing in one sitting and call the newspaper and tell them you're
a disaster.
Then take off your Warby so you don't have to look at yourself in the mirror.
Take off your Warby so you don't have to see the pile of self-mess you've created and are
now living in.
Don't eat them all at once.
They're healthy, but nothing's that healthy.
Get one of the boxes to like eight people and just slam jam them.
If you drink water that much, you'll get water poisoning.
Nothing is that healthy that you could eat an entire box of it in one sitting.
Anyway, naturebox.com is healthy.
You're going to go to naturebox.com forward slash my brother and they'll give you 50%
off your first box.
You can spend that on buying another box.
You disaster because you ate the first one.
Under a different name.
My name is Bustin Lackalroyd.
I love your salt caramel pop pops.
Same address.
I am best friends and roommates.
Just make sure you put apartment one and then apartment two and they'll never know.
I'm going to erase apartment one because that won't get there.
It's just a single family residence.
But yeah, 50% off.
You will really like these snacks, so stay full, stay strong.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
That's naturebox.com slash my brother.
I got a message for Brian from Sarah.
Brian, happy 10th anniversary and one year-ish until our wedding.
Thank you for all the random hilarity you add to my life,
not including introducing me to the McElroy family of podcasts.
I fucking love the sound of that, by the way.
Now I finally understand the random laughter coming from the kitchen while you do dishes
wearing headphones.
Also, thanks for always doing the dishes.
Love you.
Ah, that's so nice.
Man, should we expand our empire?
So like the idea of the McElroy family of podcasts.
I've been thinking about getting into like drug running and numbers.
How would that help our podcast empire?
Oh, no, I was just thinking like a family empire.
You were just thinking-
Like Boardwalk Empire?
I haven't watched that show.
Me neither.
Okay, so, okay.
Brian and Sarah, happy 10th anniversary.
Happy, man, that sucks dick, doesn't it?
That you guys like spend all that time.
You racked up 10 years and then after you get married,
you have to start right back at one, right?
Just like the Brian McKnight song.
This next one is, well, let me pronounce this name correctly.
Master Brit Brad Jamison.
And that message is from Justin Steve.
Justin Steve say, happy 25th one up birthday to he who gives good beard,
great beer and mad super boops.
What?
What could you be talking about?
How does one give good beard?
That is very confusing to me, Master Brett.
Brad.
Is it Brett or Brad?
Brad is his nom de plume.
Brad's his stage name.
Jess and Steve, they are-
Please, Brett was my father.
Call me Brad.
Gosh, Brett, 25.
That's a great birthday.
It says 25 plus one up.
So I'm wondering if it's maybe 26.
Oh, he's gonna be 25 for a while.
Is that it?
Is that it, Master Brett?
Is that what's going on?
Happy birthday, Brad.
Brad.
No, Brad is 32.
Brad's my older dad.
He was seven when he had me.
Hey, Ross.
Hey, Carrie.
Hey, it's me, your co-host.
Oh yeah, we have a show, don't we?
We have a show.
Oh No, Ross and Carrie.
It's about undercover investigations of fringe groups.
Yeah, like the Tony Olomo Ministries cult.
Yep, that's led by a pedophile.
He's in jail.
He's in jail.
Also, we became Mormons.
We became Raelians, which is a UFO group.
That's right.
We joined the Ordo Templi Orientis.
Yes, the 9-11 truthers.
We got cupped.
We got acupunctured.
We got rakey.
We've pretty much anything that you've heard of and been like,
that doesn't sound quite right.
We've done that.
So you don't have to do it.
So if you want to hear about this, and you should,
then go to maximumfun.org.
We are taking a moment out from our regularly scheduled program.
Every once in a while on My Brother, My Brother, Me,
we like to welcome someone who actually
knows anything about anything.
None of the three of us fill that criteria.
But our guest today certainly does.
John Roderick is a musician.
He is a podcaster.
He is an author.
He is a raconteur.
A raconteur, a friend, a father figure to some, myself included.
An herbalist.
An herbalist.
John Roderick, welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me.
Thank you, fellows.
Hello.
Are you actually an herbalist or is Travis talking out of his ass?
No, everything that you said about me is 100% true.
That's also the name of John's autobiography.
That's the full title.
Everything you just said about me.
The full title.
Is 100% true.
The John Roderick story.
Herbalist Secrets in the back, in the index.
We asked the audience for questions for you
and we left it very open-ended.
Because you're an open-ended man.
Well.
I think that's fair to say.
And we got a lot of, what would you say, Travis?
Duds?
Well, no, see, this is the thing, guys.
You know, like, what you might think is a dud question
might either be, I mean, first of all,
could be a coded message.
Warning you about your impending death.
Well, or-
Or to activate you like my Manchurian candidate style.
That's right.
Or it might be one of my agents checking in with me.
So what you might interpret as a dud could be something,
you know, just that you don't understand, too sophisticated.
Or it might be a question that you think is a dud
because you haven't heard my answer yet.
That's true.
It is just the spark that will light the fire
of your intellect and wisdom.
Yeah, you didn't have me-
Travis, maybe you should read the worst one.
You didn't have me on the show to try and get interesting
questions from your ding-a-ling readers.
No.
You had me on the show to answer questions
from your ding-a-ling readers.
I guess they're not readers, are they?
Some of them probably do read.
They just read the transcripts.
Yeah, that's the way to really, that's how you get the comedy.
I like to imagine what their voices sound like.
It would just be like, it'd be like a sentence
and then it would be sniffle noise
and then another sentence and then sniffle noise.
Justin opens bag of pretzels.
I try to get them all out, but fuck, guys,
we are very nasally productive people.
Poorly masked flatulence.
Here's our first question for you, Mr. Rodger.
Okay, I'm a musician.
Dear John, I am everyone who's ever asked you anything ever.
This is not me.
This is another person who is.
Justin is something of a musician, I would say.
Let's, listen, I can play you my Long Winter's covers
after we're done recording and you can pick the best one.
Yeah, that'll be a separate episode
where you play me your music and I...
No, I play you my version of your music
and you tell me if you think I got it.
And then you do our bits.
Okay.
And then you do our bits.
Classic.
I'm a musician.
I make this noise music.
It fits well in the cliche of atonal ambient noise,
although it's got a drive to it that's accessible.
And I like to think I transcend the norm,
but I'm just not getting heard.
I know the music is all about the art of persistence.
So do you have any tips on how I can sell myself,
how to solicit venues for gigs, how to get paid?
Should I spam my poor Twitter following more hashtags?
That's from Amy Vibes in Vermont.
What do you think?
It doesn't sound very good, does it?
I mean, just between us.
Well, not really selling it.
You know, yeah, there's a lot of underselling language for sure.
I mean, using the word cliche to describe your own tunes is,
I don't know, I feel like that's maybe a cultural signifier.
They don't want to seem like they're too hungry.
I also, I think the term noise music,
and I understand that it's a genre,
but it's always sounded so pejorative to me.
Yeah.
Because that sounds like noise is what like
your shitty upstairs neighbor calls the music that you produce
if they're shitty enough.
Right.
The neighbor, not the musicians.
But you know,
just downstairs making some noise music.
Yeah, I play racket.
You don't play racket?
I feel like noise music, though, I mean, it's such a broad,
it's like indie music.
It's sort of a meaningless word.
And it could, I mean, half the soundtracks these days
are what you would call noise music, right?
I mean, what is the soundtrack to,
what the hell was that movie with the, about the-
Me, Dave.
Goodfellas?
No.
Gattaca?
Goodfellas, that was good music.
No, the one about the goal or the oil miner.
Extensiz, extin, existence.
No, no, no, there's gonna be blood.
There's gonna be blood.
I swear to you, there will be blood.
That was a lot of noise.
Yeah, it was all punk, tank, tank, tank.
And it sounded like, it sounded a lot of like,
that's what the, that's what an oil,
like an oil well sounds like.
That's what it sounds like inside the head of an oil well.
Let me ask you this question from this question,
because now it's got me thinking.
Is there a certain truth to, if you start making music, right?
Yeah.
If it takes off immediately,
if people seem to like it right away,
you know you've got something.
But if after like a couple years, you're still going,
hmm, I just don't feel like I'm getting heard and it's growing.
Is that like, you know, the world's way of going,
maybe it's not good.
No.
Maybe, maybe you got no future in this.
Not necessarily.
I feel like the, I feel like what happens is that,
I mean, anytime you've heard of a music scene,
that scene is already over.
Or you know what I mean?
Like that scene is not accepting any new members.
Right.
That scene's full up.
Right.
By the time, by the time anyone has heard of a scene,
it's like, sorry, too late to join that scene.
But that's, for most musicians, that's all,
you know, that's your reality.
You look at a scene and you're like,
well, I kind of identify with that scene.
I would like to be a part of that, but it's like, no chance.
That, that, those doors are closed.
Then why do people still make rock music,
which is the oldest music ever.
That's why it's called, it's called rock.
It's as old as rocks.
It's that.
I think what ends up happening is that
the way to get, the way to get into,
the way for people to hear your music is,
it's very rare that somebody just makes genius music.
And I mean, this is the fantasy, right?
I used, my ex-girlfriend used to say to me like,
well, if your music is any good, you'll just make it.
And then people will come running and it's like, wow.
Yeah, because you're going to play it super fucking loud.
You're going to buy the biggest speakers ever.
Right, right.
You're going to, you know, you're going to just,
I mean, her version of reality was that like,
oh, somebody is going to hear you playing.
They're going to be walking by your house
and hear you playing and they're going to happen
to be a record executive.
Sure, kid.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, isn't that true of everybody who like,
wants to be an actor in movies or make paintings?
All I need is for someone to see it.
All I need is for someone to see it.
I'm a video game journalist, which is sort of like
the rock stars of fat people.
Sure.
And even that is, even that is like,
you hope you're going to get discovered
and you hope you, you make it.
But I still tell people that if you work really hard at it
and you're doing something really good,
that the, the cream.
It's not really, not what happened to you though.
Rise.
Is that like naive of me?
Some dude saw you kill a can of Pringles
six chips at a time.
And they're like, oh, buddy, eat no more.
You have made it.
I feel like what happens is anybody that makes it
then, then revises their origin story
and takes out all the parts of their origin story
where they're like, well, you know,
my mom really helped me a lot and my dad gave me eight grand.
And then I, and it turns out that I knew a guy who knew a guy
who knew a guy who got me on an elevator with a guy.
Like none of that is very interesting.
And it, and it, and people mistakenly feel like
they want to erase that part of their story
because it makes them, because it exposes the degree
to which you need a leg up or, you know,
it exposes their advantage, however small.
That's why I like The Voice.
I mean, there's a, there's, don't get me wrong.
There's a lot of reasons why I like The Voice.
I'm sure.
But when I watch The Voice every Tuesday night at 730.
And then again, Wednesday.
And again, Wednesday morning.
You just use this one of the advertisements
that you like subtly put into the show.
Is this how you guys get rich?
We're hoping to get free episodes.
When you watch The Voice.
That's how we get paid.
It's a partner system.
When you watch The Voice on Fox at 730.
They sent us exclusive clips.
Nobody doesn't know where like
that Soul Patrol dude came from.
He came from like season 15 of American Idol.
You know where he came from.
You know his whole backstory.
There's no guesswork.
And well, so then it sounds to me like
what she's asking there at the end
is that she shouldn't be embarrassed to say like,
hey, if you guys like this,
make sure to tell your friends
if you want to come see a show.
I mean, the problem with that is that,
you know, you cannot go out
and personally shake the hand of 30,000 people
and count that every one of those people
is going to hear and love your music.
You know, I feel like music has always
and even in the internet,
future land that we're occupying now.
The shitty wasteland.
The shitty wasteland.
But the reason you hear about bands
is that they are part of a community
of other musicians and you like one
and then you're drawn to see
like who their friends are
and who they associate with.
And most scenes, if you think about it,
most scenes are formed by bands
that are like,
the reason they form a scene
is that they are initially unwelcome
anywhere else, right?
You form a collective of other musicians
who are struggling
because you're living in a world
where it's like, oh, I'm not invited
into these other scenes.
All I have are these other jerks
who are right around me.
You get an Isle of Misfit toys thing going on,
but then eventually it becomes like
a continent of Misfit toys.
That's right.
And every music scene starts out
as an island of Misfit toys.
And most of the time,
those other bands,
maybe they don't sound like you.
Maybe, you know,
maybe you're friends
because you're just proximate
to one another.
But then a scene comes out of it
and other people look at it and go,
actually, there is a connective sound
between these acts
and it ends up being the next,
it ends up being the next sound, you know?
Yeah, maybe we're-
Can you con people into thinking
there is a scene,
sort of like an Emperor's New Clothes type situation?
Oh, the Vermont noise scene?
Oh, it's popping off right now.
If you're not making Vermont noise,
what are you even doing?
It's just leaves rustling.
I feel like every,
I feel like everybody that wants to get
into show business feels like
there's some kind of chemtrails-based conspiracy
that, yeah, it's all a con job.
It's all like, how do I get my, you know,
they're out there buying Facebook likes or whatever.
And I think it's much more likely
that if you go to see bands that interest you
and support your friends,
like, I think you go see music,
first of all, is the number one thing.
You support other musicians
and support music that you like.
Like, all that stuff happens very organically.
And every successful scene I've ever seen,
has come up organically among a group of people
that are going to each other's shows
and share a kind of like-minded desire
to perform a certain kind of music.
And pretty soon, you know,
you're putting on shows where it's like,
I'm playing with my friend's band.
I'm playing with my other friend's band.
You're not worried about penetrating
the big show business capital S
because you're making a little show business.
And then the big show business comes
looking for you.
I've noticed, John, that you have not
to this point mentioned,
put your music into an Apple commercial.
That seems to work.
Yeah, it seems like the easiest thing.
You're right.
It seems like the easier thing.
You're absolutely right.
I should have started off by saying,
first thing you do is get on an Apple commercial.
Just get into one of those.
I got another question for you.
Me and a close-knit group of friends
formed a rock band.
See, see what I'm saying?
Next question.
Travis, Travis, Travis.
That validates my viewpoint.
Travis, go back into the files
and get me something non-music related
as we talk about this next question.
All right.
Okay.
Me and a close-knit group of friends
formed a rock band,
but the problem is our drummer friend
is super flaky and rarely shows up to practice.
I don't want to lose him as a friend,
but we'll never get out of the garage
with him as our drummer.
How do I politely give him the old boot?
And that's from dropping the drummer
in Utah, friend.
You're in Utah.
I feel like this question is based on another
like rock industry myth
and that is that you have to practice.
You just get in a room.
You just, you say like,
this is our sound, our sound.
What's our sound?
Get together.
That's it.
That's our sound.
Let's go smoke some weed.
Let's smoke a bunch of weed and see what happens.
Start designing our logo.
The number one thing-
We start with fog hat covers
and we just cruise into our own sound.
Perfect.
The number one thing any band needs to do
is get out a notebook of lined paper
and start designing your logo
because that's where you're going to get
an Apple commercial, I'll tell you why.
And make sure you have the proper-
And maybe your logo is you
kicking the drummer out the door.
Maybe you have a logo contest in the band
and say whoever draws the worst logo
is out of the band.
Is out.
And even if the drummer is a graphic artist-
I don't get it.
I use my 3D printer.
I created this logo.
It's a building of us playing.
Oh yeah, I like this guy's better.
He drew us as like stick figures all high-fiving.
You're out.
Yeah, you're out.
Sorry, bro.
Sorry.
He drew the Pearl Jam logo.
John, I don't want to unspool this incredible answer
that you just gave,
but does The Long Winters have a logo I don't know about?
I mean, like an Eskimo shrugging?
Like, what gives?
You know, the initial logo was of a guy
in a sort of an Eskimo style coat
pushing a snow blower.
And the snow blower produced a big cloud of snow cloud.
And The Long Winters name was in the snow cloud.
That was our original-
And it dripped blood.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
It's not exactly giant lips, is it?
I mean-
No, no, it's not.
And that was the problem with it.
If you look at the Nirvana logo,
the first thing-
Is that the one with the guns and roses in it?
No, that was the Alice in Chains logo.
The Nirvana logo is just the name Nirvana
in some kind of font.
And your first thought was-
I think it was the Wingdings.
Is it Wingdings font?
It's not Comic Sam.
It's an edgy fucking band, man.
They invented a sound and Wingdings.
You look at it and your first thought is
Nirvana is the stupidest band name
in the history of band names.
It seems reasonable now,
but when those guys from Aberdeen, Washington
were like, we're Nirvana?
Totally ridiculous.
But it looked good.
It was in a font that just looked right
and they put that same exact logo on everything they did.
And that's why they took off.
That's right.
Look at them compared to the Long Winters.
Yeah.
Who had some inscrutable Eskimo on there,
and it's just like,
by the time I got to Snow Cloud,
you guys weren't even listening.
That's true.
I was thinking about the letters dripping blood.
Yeah, yeah.
But in answer to this person's question,
the number of bands I've seen that have believed
that the integrity of the original lineup
or the core group was paramount.
And so they kind of willfully refused
to acknowledge that one of the guys
was not committed to being in the band
and that person was just committed enough
that they would be willing to stick around
and thwart the band's ambitions time and time again
until all was destroyed.
Sure.
That's a very common problem in collaborative work.
Like this person doesn't love the band enough
to recognize that they need to quit
for the band to do well.
I mean, that sounds like the saving grace to me
is he's not saying, hey, our drummer sucks.
Like he's super committed and he's always the first one
at practice and the last one to leave,
but he's just dumb.
Like you've got a great door opening to say like,
hey, Bill, do you remember how you haven't been here
for the last six weeks?
Yeah, out.
No, you shouldn't make him make him play
a show with you do like the actor's worst nightmare shit.
Like get him on a stage on practice.
He doesn't even know the songs.
You're playing like a slow ballad.
He's giving you like a good and you're like,
oh man, he's not going to want to even perform music anymore
after this embarrassing time.
But then to be fair, he's the drummer.
So he's walking out going nail that perfect.
Exactly.
That is the problem.
The drummer is going to be like, whoa, did you see my,
did you see my performance?
That was amazing.
I don't know.
You guys must not have seen that.
You guys must not have seen that thing you do
because the way that it shakes out
is that everybody instinctually starts
playing with the drummer.
Tom Hanks loves it.
You're famous.
You're huge.
I guess it works either way.
I mean, your point about not adhering to the original lineup
genre reminds me of something I was reading about just today.
I was reading up on the band The Suite or Sweet.
You may know from Ballroom Blitz fame.
The Suite had four guys in it.
Two of the guys died.
The other two guys are now performing as individual suites
in the US and the UK.
Uh-huh.
They have franchised.
They have splinter-celled.
They have splinter-celled The Suite.
And half the band is dead.
The other half have basically asexually reproduced.
Right.
And half the members, twice the band.
Sweet UK, Sweet US.
Mm-hmm.
That's not, and that's not just resilience.
That's resilient.
That's creating jobs.
Yeah.
I mean, that's super common in rock and roll, right?
I mean, what the hell is Creedence Clearwater Revisited?
It's the three guys minus the guy that wrote all the songs
and sang them and played all the guitar parts.
It's like if you keep swapping out members of Crosby, Stills,
Nash, and Young, and actually you don't even notice,
you don't know any of these guys.
Yeah.
Or the Commodores.
How many original Commodores are there left?
It's like one guy from the Commodores, his son, his son's
friend, his son's friend's dad.
One master general, one.
I like it.
Yeah, exactly.
Like the postman, like the postman's dog.
It's like it doesn't resemble the original band at all.
Dr. Feelgood.
But listen, you got to fire the guy.
You got to fire the weak link.
I mean, I don't want to introduce any strife into the
my brother and my brother and me podcast.
How do you start that conversation?
If we had, for instance, let's just role play
if we had to have it with Travis, let's just role play.
Sure.
Hold on.
Sure.
Like you got a weak link.
Yeah.
What are you going to say?
Hypothetical, Travis.
Don't worry.
It's a hypothetical, Travis.
We're just picking.
It's any one of us.
Yeah, let me do it here.
I've got three names written on a piece of paper.
I'm going to throw them into the air and catch one.
I caught Travis.
So for instance, in this situation, what I would do is I
would have like a guest expert come on the show.
Interesting.
That you kind of like better.
That's like funnier, quicker than Travis.
We'd have to start doing that, but OK, yeah.
Sounds good so far.
Right.
And then after you establish a rapport,
where Travis just is kind of like trying
to get a word in edgewise and can.
Yeah.
Wait, hold on.
Then it becomes just kind of clear to him
that he's being supplanted.
Maybe it's time to.
How long do you think that would take?
Maybe 21 minutes and 48 seconds-ish.
I think he'd get the point pretty fast,
unless he's a drummer.
John, we wish we could keep talking to you.
Wait, I have one more question.
You guys hear that?
You'll like this.
OK, OK.
Real quick, Travis.
Dear brothers and John Roderick, my girlfriend
refuses to eat chicken unless it's been deboned.
No wings, legs, thighs, nothing unless the bones
are out of sight and out of mind.
She tells me it's because the bones are gross and morbid.
I tell her she is being hypocritical
and should consider vegetarianism
if she can't face facts.
Is my girlfriend being hypocritical
and how do I stop picking these dumbfights?
And that's from Thanks, I Eat the Bones in Texas.
And that is subject line Roderick specifically.
John, have you done anything in your fucking life
that would make people think that you're
some sort of weird chicken expert, man?
As a matter of fact, yes.
I am a chicken fingers eater.
Are you a known?
I have listened to all of your albums back and forth.
I don't think there's a song on one of them
called Yummy Yum Yum.
I'm a chicken eater, man.
No, no, I keep I keep that part of my life separate.
That's sort of that's that's that's
on the private premises for you.
That's right.
But I, too, share your girlfriend's sort of distaste.
Not I don't think it's gross exactly,
but like if I were given a plate of chicken tenders
and next to it was a plate of like whole chicken parts,
and I prefer the processing because, you know,
you take a chicken, you have to kill it.
You have to pull the feathers out of it.
You have to wash it and pull all its guts out.
Then you have to chop it up.
Now, that's a lot of processing.
I don't see what is so I don't see why you stop processing
the fucking thing at that point.
Yeah, you get to like you do feathers
and then you're basically like, I'm done.
Keep processing it until it's just a pile of meat.
But when you've got bones, you know,
they're passing the savings along to you.
Yeah, that's the thing you're paying for that bone weight.
That's true.
That's another thing.
Like, if I'm going to pay the extra,
I want to pay for the processing of somebody taking all that meat,
putting it in a little pile, breading it and deep frying it.
I don't want to have to sit.
I mean, I feel like the I feel like eating chicken off
the bone is the last vestige of like feral.
Like animal instinct that most of us get to experience.
You're sitting you're sitting at your freaking desk all day
in an air on chair.
You go down to an air conditioned garage and get in your Prius.
You drive to your air conditioned garage in your subdivision.
And then you're eating chicken off the bone.
And you think you're a wild man.
And then you bury the bones in the backyard and shit by the tree.
And your girlfriend is some kind of wuss because she wants
she wants it to come to her.
Like as a Totino's pizza roll, like, yeah, fully processed chicken pills.
She wants she wants someone from what's a chicken company?
Who does who's good about Dyson, Tyson, Tyson, Tyson, Dyson, Dyson, Dyson.
Mr. Dyson rolls up, chews up the chicken,
spits it in your girlfriend's mouth.
That's what you want.
That's what you're asking for.
You want chicken paste that is formed into the shape of of little chickens
like they do at McDonald's.
Yeah, we're stars or dinosaurs. Dinosaurs is fine.
John, if you would like to spend more time with John Roger and who wouldn't?
You have that opportunity.
You can go to boatparty.biz and hop on to the Atlantic Ocean
Comedy and Music Festival.
John, what's that?
Well, it is a I was not aware how ad driven this podcast was.
It is all for every time we mentioned boatparty.biz.
We get a free book. If you can talk about how delicious the Tyson
chicken served on this boat is going to be.
So you show up on the process.
Is it you show up on the boat?
The first thing that the first thing that happens is the first thing you see
is some kind of animal.
The original cruise I went on, it was a lion, sometimes it's a dolphin
carved out of butter, sitting in it, sitting in a bowl of ice next to a
swimming pool.
And I mean, that's that's your first impression of a swimming pool.
I mean, that's that's your first impression.
Use your imagination from there.
That is the degree of luxury you are experiencing on even the on even
the smallest cruise.
And boatparty.biz, of course, is a major cruise property.
Is it fun? Can we go back to the butter?
I hate to stall out here, but is it functional butter or is this?
Are you going to be the asshole?
Is it just a time keeping mechanism?
If you're the guy who dips in first, are you the asshole?
I think you just go after that butter.
And, you know, what's what ends up happening, I think, is is that they
use that butter for the rest of the cruise.
Like if you're eating it, if you're eating a scone on the last day of
the cruise, it came from the dolphin tail.
So I go.
OK, so you go nose to tail.
Yeah, I go right.
I go right.
I go.
I go right for the lion, right for the butter lion.
Just dig right in.
That's how you know you're on the boat.
Is there is there any entertainment acts or is it just looking at butter?
Mostly, I will tell you, I've been on a lot of cruises and the boat party
that biz last year was I mean, it was it was absolutely a singular cruise
experience, freaking hilarious.
It's a it's a small it's a small enough boat that there's a lot of
interaction with the with the entertainment.
There's so much entertainment on the bill that you almost can't help but
interact with them, because when you go into your state room, there's a
chance that one of the comedians or musicians is actually going to be
in there fluffing your pillow.
Yeah, that's that's how Chris Fairbanks earned his ticket on board.
We had such a hilarious time last year, the last night of the cruise,
the entire like all the performers all jumped in the swimming pool at
about one o'clock in the morning.
Eugene Mermin was like first in with I think he had a bottle of brandy in
one hand and maybe like a vape cigarette in the other.
Everybody in the pool.
I hope you got home all right.
Oh, yeah, he's fine.
He survived.
Boat party is just added Todd Barry, who is I think going to be performing
the Eugene Mermin role this year of embarrassing himself in a pool.
Yeah, although although he will not have a bottle of brandy or a vape
cigarette or get in the pool, but otherwise he will be he'll be the
spark that ignites it.
Yeah, that's right.
Now, Joe, we're not going to be on the cruise, so can you describe it
again but make it sound worse and shittier so I don't feel so bad?
Let's see.
The city of Nassau, Bahamas feels a little dangerous.
It's a beautiful paradise, John.
It's a beautiful paradise.
But but yeah, it's you know, it's it's a little bit.
It has that shabby chic of a of a of that is so characteristic of the
Mediterranean.
It was a valiant effort, but the whole thing is going to be magical.
Last year on Nassau, I rented a I rented a scooter and drove to the
other side of the island with a beautiful girl on the back.
And we got caught in a brief warm rainstorm.
If that makes it so that we were both just soaked to the bone.
Oh, it was so bad.
That sounds like the day that Bill Murray talks about wishing he had
instead of Groundhog Day and Groundhog Day.
Oh, no, wait, wait, wait.
I got soaked and my my iPhone got wet.
Oh, no.
So that now when I take it in to have it serviced, they give me the
stink eye at the Apple store.
Does that make is the phone still wet, John?
From last year, it still works.
But, you know, they have some litmus paper in there that's like, oh,
this phone is pregnant and you can't it won't get fixed anymore.
If you get it wet after midnight.
Yeah, right.
They're giving you the stink eye because your phone smells like the
funnest thing to ever happen and they didn't get to go.
Well, what happened is it would turn from a Mowgli into a gremlin.
And now I have to deal with this fucking angry gremlin phone all the
time.
John Roderick, thank you so, so much for joining us on our show.
It is it is a a real pleasure.
BoatParty.biz is where people can go if they want to spend some time
with you.
Personal time.
Me and many other great performers.
So many others.
And you're on Twitter, of course.
John Roderick, that's R-O-D-E-R-I-C-K.
Is there anything else you would like to promote?
Do we still announce being on Twitter as though it's something?
That not everybody is already doing.
Let me check my notes here.
You're on something called Twitter?
I just don't want people to have to look for you.
I want them to just have a direct line to your to your feed so they can
follow.
At John Roderick on Twitter, you should listen to my podcast, which is
called Roderick on the Line, which is not part of the Maximum Fun
Network for reasons that are unclear to me.
But I am just a I'm just a lonely soldier in the world.
We can't afford we can't afford Merlin.
His his writer is like, believe me, I know it's it's absinthe all the
way down.
But yeah, that's right.
I do a podcast with Merlin Man.
And yeah, I'm just you know, I'm part of the the general fabric of the
American sub entertainment business.
And you will see me in your town at some point.
You'll see him.
Are you going to are you going to I know you've been I know you've been
playing playing some shows up in the up in the Pacific Northwest.
Are you planning on doing that more countrywide?
Good question.
Well, I'm going on a cruise.
Did I tell you about that?
Right.
Is that cruise coming to Austin, fucking Texas?
Are you going to park the boat in Lady Bird Lake?
You know, why the hell is that called a lake?
It's a fucking river.
It's a I mean, it is a lake.
It's close.
You put it you put a dam on a river.
I guess you can call it a lake.
It still looks like a river.
It's a fucked up river, but it's the slowest moving.
They can't call it Lady Bird fucked up river.
This is the greatest podcast.
All right.
No, we will come to Austin.
We'll come to Austin very soon because, you know, Austin loves the long
loves the long winters and we love Austin.
We love you.
Thank you so much for joining us, Mr.
Roderick, John, if you don't mind.
Thank you, bros.
Sure.
And I think there's more show after this.
So let's go back to the show.
That is also us.
It'll be just like this.
How about a Yahoo?
Quickie.
This who was sent in by Drew.
Thanks, Drew.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
They've been deleted.
They ask, do you ever get scared?
Your parents might find out about Sims 4.
I'm assuming they mean Sims 3 because obviously Sims 4 is not yet.
But I am very much looking forward to the new create a Sim system with dynamic face dragging.
Watch the trailer.
It looks great.
This face dragging.
It looks out of control.
It has woohooing and stuff in the game, but I don't do that stuff except woohooing to make kids.
I get scared my parents might find out and I may not be able to play it anymore.
That's why I limit my woohooing, kissing, hugging, and touching.
I tell my parents my Sim is single and she's not ready to mingle.
When they ask, who's the guy in the house?
I ask them what guy they're talking about until they leave me alone.
Jesus Christ.
I only woohoo to make kids.
I don't throw this out.
When you first asked the question, Griff, I was like, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
When you asked the question, Griffin, I was afraid you meant something like,
I'm afraid my parents will find out about Facebook and start using it and contacting all my friends.
Well, yeah.
But you don't want your parents woohooing on the side.
You want to only know that they woohooed once.
And then you were born.
To make you.
That's the ideal.
They could somehow, like, genetically woohoo
so that none of their Sim bits actually touch, but that would be wonderful.
You, uh, while Griffin was reading this question, my connection broke up so I didn't hear it.
And I was going to stop and say something, assume it, but I decided not to, assuming that I would be able to assemble the question through context clues.
That is becoming increasingly unlikely, it seems.
No, this will be fun. This will be like a board game.
So, I think, I mean, if I was a parent and I saw my kid woohooing and kissing, hugging, and touching virtual boys or girls,
I would say, I don't care if your sim is single and not ready to mingle.
I'm not interested in watching you do this, because I have to watch everything you do on your computer.
Because if I look away for a second, you'll be abducted.
Through the computer, like in Captain Man. You'll be sucked right into the screen.
You'll be sucked in. Mother brain will fucking snatch you up.
Also, like, several issues of Are You Afraid of the Dark, I believe.
Yeah, there's basically the plot of every other Are You Afraid of the Dark.
I would be willing to bet that if this is a big enough of a problem for this question asker,
that their parents keep bringing this up, they're already pretty worried about it.
Yeah.
If it's enough that you have to constantly explain to your parents that while your sim is single, she is not ready to mingle,
the parents are going, what the fuck is wrong with our kid?
Can we all admit how we play The Sims right now for once and all and settle it?
We all start it like, oh, I'm going to start it and I'm going to recreate the house I live in.
Or maybe I'm just going to pick up some architectural studies and test out what kind of crazy MCS or shit I can make.
He was the guy who made all the buildings.
And then, you know, maybe I'll make a boat or something.
Or maybe, you know what, I'm going to have a guy that's really good at guitar and he becomes the most famous guitarist on the earth.
That's what I'm going to do.
And then 15 minutes later, you're trying to get your sim to fuck everybody in town. Everybody.
I feel like it is like a psychological test that if you watch someone play Sims, they're either going to end up,
A, being the most boring, all-knowing, all-powerful being in the world.
They're going to, B, spend all their time trying to make their Sims fuck.
Or, C, they're going to put walls up around a Sim and make them pee themselves and die.
I'm going to download the celebrity skins so they look famous.
And I'll lock, like, Greatest American Hero and MC Hammer in a room.
And MC Usher.
And MC Usher.
MC Usher.
And then you make them all fuck.
And then you put a fireplace in the room.
I'll take care of them.
That's what Kanye West, when he wrote the album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, that's what he was talking about.
About Sims?
It was about that.
Literally that situation we just described.
MC Usher, MC Usher, MC Hammer, and the other one.
Fucking in a fiery inferno.
Can you make your Sim look like a nun?
Is that a possibility?
I mean, you can, and it'll just make it more scintillating when that nun breaks the habit, if you know what I mean.
I mean, she takes all of her clothes off.
When she takes off her clothes, she's not a nun anymore.
Come on, Griffin.
I guess you're right, that's how it works.
That's why all nuns stink like shit.
It's true.
You ever seen a nun just walk through the car wash?
Man, I want to play some Sims now.
Yeah, I know, right?
Do you guys remember Sims Online?
That shit was fucked up.
Yeah, it was real fucked up, because that game was like The Sims.
Everyone's trying to fuck, but guess what?
There's people on the other end, real life people.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
Good to meet you.
Oh, internet?
Sure.
Fuck me.
I fucked you.
We did it for real.
If you fuck in the game, you fuck in real life.
The Sims Online, brought to you by EA.
You're going to love fucking the internet.
It's like EverQuest, but it's going to leave you bone dry.
Folks, that's going to do it for us.
Thank you so much to, well, I mean, John Roderick, but we thank you every week.
Right.
Triple thanks, with sugar, to John Roderick for joining us on this program.
We haven't recorded that interview yet, so I hope he has lived to this point to actually record it.
Well, more likely, I hope we don't fucking pee our pants, and then you can hear the pee in the recording.
So thank you to him.
Thank you to you for listening to the program.
You can follow John Roderick.
We probably did the plugs, didn't we?
Do you think?
In the past?
In the past?
Our future selves?
We should mention again to go to BoatParty.biz.
Think about it.
Think about it real hard, because it's going to be a goddamn slam dunk.
Thanks to people tweeting about the show, like Jesse, Don Chappell, Epinards and Caramel, so many others.
You're all fantastic.
And we haven't, I don't know that we've ever mentioned this, but if you'd like to get some more information
or see pictures from Live Show and everything, check out our Facebook group, My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Go check it out.
Yeah, get there.
Hey, we have one of those.
If you are going to be at our LA Live Show next week, a week from fuck, in like four days, goddamn it.
Please send us a question.
Let us know that you're going to be there so we can call you out.
And then let's get some mad bro grabs going afterwards.
Let's get it going.
Let's get it popping.
And that's going to do it for us here.
My Brother, My Brother, Me, Griffin, you got a last question for us.
Got this final one.
Please let's send the other MaxFun shows too.
MaxFunFun.org.
So many good ones.
All right.
Final question.
Yahoo was sent in by Zach Bomb.
Thank you, Zach.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Erica, who asks, oh, what is a marijuana nugget?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Thanks.
MaxFunFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Have you made vacation plans yet?
The second annual Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival is ready to set sail this summer,
and we want to see you on board.
Imagine amazing comedians, stellar music, and beautiful Caribbean views.
It all takes place July 25th through 28th, en route to Nassau, The Bahamas.
And frankly, we've impressed even ourselves with this lineup of bullseye favorites.
You've got Moshe Kasher.
I was in an airport recently.
You ever see somebody and you're just like, oh, so you're what's wrong with everything
in the world?
Kyle Kinane.
Anybody else in here get so drunk last month you had to call a cab just to take you to
Wendy's?
W. Kamau Bell.
So complicated, my feelings.
Morgan Murphy.
I don't know if you guys know what a facelift is.
When they take your face skin and they peel it away from your face, and in that little
space there, that's where they find your self-esteem.
And besides them, Greg Barrett, Chris Fairbanks, Karen Kulgarov, Natasha Leggero, Guy Branham,
Tony Kameen, and Carol Cole, plus an awesome music lineup hosted by John Roderick of The
Long Winters and featuring our pal Jean Grey.
Come on, what else are you going to be doing?
Don't miss the funniest weekend of your life.
Get your tickets right now.
Go to boatparty.biz.
Yeah, that's right, boatparty.biz.
The Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival.
Comedy.
Music.
The Atlantic Ocean Comedy and Music Festival is brought to you by The Atlantic Ocean Comedy
