The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother,
me and advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
Hey, this is your baby brother, Griffin McElroy, 30 under 30.
Oh man, I hope I make the cut. I'm really worried about downsizing here at My Brother,
My Brother, Me, and I'm really afraid that when it comes down to it, if we don't hit our goals,
if we don't make budget this year, I think the middle-est is the first to go, because
what do I even do?
Well, we're going more peer-to-peer, and the peers are me and Justin,
and so we don't need an intermediary.
I'm literally the middle man.
Yeah, you know how on the show I'll do a joke, and then you'll say it,
and then Justin will laugh at it, and then sometimes it goes the other way?
I know.
I've been thinking maybe instead of the three of us being on
two two-way calls with you, Travis, me and Justin could just fucking call each other.
Whoa, but hey, if you do that, then what would I do?
So anyway, this little skit is something that we came up with at Bible Study,
and we wanted to do it on you so that you would know the real-life stakes of the Max Fun Drive
2019 week two edition.
That's right.
If we don't hit 25,000 new and upgrading donors, I'm out.
I'm out on the street.
I am really excited to welcome a new edition to the soundboard.
Yeah, as you know, the soundboard, as it stands now, here's a quick update.
It's got this music.
Is that a good volume for you?
I mean, no volume's a good volume on the soundboard.
Okay, but here's the new one.
Are you ready?
And this is to remind people, every time you hear this, I want to create a Pavlovian response
that every time you hear this sound, it makes you go to Maximumfun.org forward slash donate
and increase your support of the Maximum Fun Network, specifically the shows that we make.
Here it comes.
Every time?
Every single time.
You ready?
I think, Travis, once you hear this new soundboard edition,
I feel like you are going to retract your incredulity.
Is this the sound?
Was that it?
No, that wasn't it.
Here it comes.
Ready?
Get that money.
One more time?
One more time?
One more time, I guess.
One more, wait, what?
Yeah, give me some volume, give me some gain on that.
Okay, here it comes.
Get that money.
One more time?
Just one more time?
Get that money.
Now, Justin, could you, and I'm horrified to ask this, use it in a sentence?
Sure.
Travis will be forced to leave that show if we don't.
Get that money.
Okay.
So who did you get to do the word money?
I actually got Brad, I got Brad Garrett.
Wow.
Yeah.
Can you make him say something else?
Sure.
Do that now?
Do that right now?
Now?
Now, please.
He can't, he's, no, listen, I can't afford to-
Toronto!
Sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
I can't afford-
Is that Brad Garrett?
What?
Is that Brad Garrett decided to be at Toronto doing an impression of Kiss?
Yes.
Paul Stanley?
Can you, can we do a stretch goal where if we hit 30,000 new and upgrading donors for
the maximum fund drive, I want to get four big men to stand on the sound board with all
of their weight and see what happens after that.
I cannot state my disdain for this new feature loudly or enthusiastically.
It would probably sound, it would probably sound a little something like this.
Oh, God, no, oh, God, no.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
There's something like this.
Well, goodbye, everybody.
Anyway, maximumfund.org forward slash donate is the address.
We are trying to get 25,000 new and upgrading donors.
Your support of the maximum fund network, around 75% of that goes directly to the shows
that you say you listen to when you fill out the brief survey upon donating.
The rest goes to help fund the great work at maximum fund.
That includes doing this drive and the pledge gifts, which include at our $5 donor per month
level, you get over 225 hours of bonus content.
Did you run the math on that?
It's like the best value in entertainment, I think, which includes us doing all manner
of garbage.
I mean, just like videos and weird stuff, other weird recordings.
This year, our wives once again recorded an episode of my Slim Slam, my sister-in-law,
my sister-in-law and me.
There's a new episode commentary featuring us and JD Amato for episode three, I think,
of the Brother, My Brother, Me TV show.
The famous Travis does a hit episode.
Yeah, if you want to hear all the dirty secrets behind that.
Also, I did a toilet crime behind the scenes that episode that JD fully puts me on blast
about.
Oh, yeah.
At the $10 a month level, you're going to get all that content, plus you're going to
get to choose one of several fantastic pins.
$20 a month, you get the pins, you get the bonus content, and you get a beautiful puzzle
featuring the view outside the max fund offices.
It is not about the gifts.
Those are nice.
It's about supporting content that you feel should be in the world.
What do you want to see more of?
Do you want to see more nasty superheroes battling it out?
More of those raunchy, just sweaty.
I see Shazam and his penis everywhere and the lightning bolt obviously pointing right
down to his region.
Oh, my God, Griffin.
You have transitioned directly into, I think, a perfect opening for this week's episode
of Brother, Brother, Brother, Me.
It's a Shazam watch.
Shazam watch.
Shazam the movie is coming in April 5th.
Now, it looks like there might be some sneak preview showings in the Huntington area looking
at some early reconnaissance that I have here.
I've already seen it, and let me tell you my favorite part of the movie is that every
so often someone will be walking around with Shazam and a song will start playing on the
radio overhead, and people will look at him and say, what's that song?
And he has an encyclopedic knowledge of what the song is, and Shazam.
Oh, man, Trav.
You got to know that's a stinker.
And this is the episode where he asks people for cash.
Oh, I get it because it's like the app.
Oh, boysy, Trav.
And you're pot committed to the stinky joke at this point.
No, because it's a real thing that happens in the movie.
I know, but it's Zachary Levi is a boy who gets bigified into a superhero, and there's
a lot to play with there, but you made an app pun like a teen dad.
I sure did.
Can we talk about the muscles?
The muscles on the Zachary Levi costume of Shazam.
Shazam is a story about a beautiful boy who's learning all about being a teen, and he transforms
into Chuck sometimes with the power of lightning that he has harnessed.
Well, when he eats a spicy food.
When he eats a spicy food, he transforms into Chuck from the show Chuck, and he just gets
crazy on it, and he is having so many fun adventures.
And what I could tell from the previews, he also brings, even though he is now a superhero
boy with invincibility and strength or whatever, brings a normal human boy with him into dangerous
situations.
Yes, as near as I can tell, he's bringing another young boy who's just learning about
his teenage body.
What do I have to eat to get a big adult body?
Well, come with me to danger, I guess, where there's guns and stuff.
Whoa, will your superpowers make me also invincible?
I don't know.
Maybe we'll find out.
But whenever a criminal threatens Shazam, he uses his big adult Chuck body to kill them
with his strength, and I love that.
That's probably my favorite thing.
It takes a dark turn.
Never really deal with that, but Iron Man has killed a lot of people with his rockets
and lasers.
Yeah, but he was an adult.
He was a jaded adult.
That's fair, fair, fair.
Can Shazam vote?
Huh.
I hope there's a scene about that in the movie, where he uses his greatest superpower, the
ability to vote.
There is a protracted scene where Shazam dies.
Wait, how long?
It's about 14 minutes long.
He dies of an undiagnosed liver infection, and it is extremely sad.
It's right in the middle of a fight, and he just dies.
My one weakness, my organs.
At the end, his torso explodes open, and the boy climbs out, and it's very much Attack
on Titan, which you didn't expect, except instead of a big scary Titan, it is Zachary
Levi's huge adult body.
Yeah.
I love it.
A big scary Levi.
I love it.
It takes him a long time to get through the suit, because it's made of super stuff.
I have a question.
When's Shazam 2 coming out?
Yeah, sure.
That's what's on my plate right now, is I feel like I've already absorbed every part
of this, and I would love to know, when is Shazam 2 due?
When's it coming?
In two months.
It's out in June.
They're doing another one.
Six a year.
That's what he signed up for.
So, the second one is just called Shazam 2, colon, pubes, and this one's mostly about
the pubic experience.
There is, okay, thank you, Griffin, for reminding me.
There is a 13-minute scene earlier in the film.
Just before the liver cancer, before the undiagnosed liver infection claimed Shazam.
There is an earlier scene where he marvels in his thick forest of pubic hair for roughly
13 minutes, just lifting up his golden- Off camera, off camera.
Don't worry, it's very tasteful.
You just watch his beautiful boyfriend, his friend boy, the young boy who brings into
danger with him, sits in an adjacent room and continues to turn up the television louder
and louder to try to cover the sound of his friend marveling.
Whoa, look at it.
Now I see why people call it a bush.
I bet it's invincible, he yells.
It looks like the prickly mulberry bush outside of my mom's house because mom and dad are
divorced and I can't put them back together with my superpowers.
But whoa, these pubes though.
No, don't turn up, Maury Povich, listen to me.
It's a good flick, got a lot of heart.
April 5th, get there.
It's probably doing good on Rotten Tomatoes, I haven't looked.
Mark Strong's in it, he's a talent.
I do enjoy Mark Strong.
Mark Strong's a huge talent.
Can we do it?
Yeah, first question.
Yeah, when is Shazam 2 coming out?
All right, I already told you.
That was the first one.
My girlfriend and I went out for brunch at a diner near her home to find it was much
busier than usual.
We were able to get a table and enjoy our meal with only slight delays, but it appears
we've been forgotten and our check isn't coming.
We've been served by a rotating cast, so we're not sure who to even ask.
And all the servers are moving at lightning speeds with arms full of plates, so interrupting
them seems like a bad idea.
What is our next move?
Do we dine and dash from a place we really like, would like to return to?
Do we live in this diner now?
That's from Munch Money Misgivings in Minneapolis.
This is, you know that dine and dash is not an option, right?
It's 2019 and it's not 2015.
And so that's not an option anymore.
No, because the government, the GPS will, there's dine and dash and then get followed
by satellites.
That's the actual thing.
In the meatloaf.
Yes, there's nanotech in all foods.
So that's Justin's brand now.
You know not to dine and dash.
I don't know what to tell you on this.
These people are doing their jobs and you got to just assert yourself and squeaky wheel
it and go get your own fucking check.
Just punch it into the machine.
It's easy.
What table are you seated at?
Look, count the number of tables around the room.
Whatever number you land on when you stop is yours.
And you go up and you tap that number.
Now what's the dollar sign say?
15?
That's good.
That's how much you do it for.
And if it's not yours, then you just paid it forward.
And it also kind of sounds like they're super busy.
Maybe once you're done ringing and you're in check, maybe grab a tray and maybe bus
a table or two.
Get your fucking hands dirty.
By which I mean, dunk them in the soup and start just giving it to people.
Yeah.
What's that?
Order up.
Here's a handful of soup.
Oh, thank you.
I've been waiting for 10 minutes for my soup.
It would be, and when the outback steakhouse manager comes out and says, you've got to
stop.
You got to stop.
You got to say, well, if you're not going to fill this charge that you've been given,
then you can't complain when somebody else decides to do your fucking dirty work, Broderick.
And when Broderick tries to fire you, you say, are you ready to pay my unemployment?
Huh?
Because I haven't been given any written warnings yet.
So if you jump right to the termination, I'll see you in court.
There is, we give a lot of guff to cash, dirty, filthy money, but there is something to be
said for the ability of being able to figure out how much your meal is, calculate it in
a tip, and then just leave some money and just walk.
You can bolt whatever you want to.
Yeah, when you look at your money and you think it's disgusting, because statistically
every dollar has been touched by a bug at some point.
Yuck.
But you got to look at it like they're awesome blossom coupons.
Awesome.
They're tickets to an awesome blossom experience.
And you can just leave them on the table and scoot at all and not worry about it.
You know, I've been a waiter slash server slash host several times at different places.
And I think that if I had a table full of people and then I looked over and they were
gone, I would immediately go, oh, and I go look at the table and I'd be like,
oh, there's like three twenties here, huh?
That could be fun.
I guess maybe the money is in like physical form.
That's weird.
I hope they enjoyed their mimosas or whatever.
I wish there had been four twenties.
Oh, Trav, you almost had a good joke, bud.
There's four twenties here.
That's good.
Edit that anger.
I'm blazing.
Well, I'll have to delete yours, Justin.
You okay with that?
Yeah, I don't remember having one, so it won't be missed.
Um, yeah, I think that asked an answer.
How about a Yahoo?
I'd love that, dude.
I love it.
Yeah.
Adrian Cowell sent this one in.
Thanks, Adrian.
Rip it.
Get it out here.
All right.
Asked by Goji Fan, who asks, if you raise a crocodile since its birth, will it ever turn on you?
No.
Next question.
Justin, you have an opinion?
Um, no.
All right.
All right.
As long as it doesn't taste human flesh.
Yeah, it does once, and that's pretty much the ball game, I think.
Yeah, that's true of most animals, though.
Yeah.
Like most pets, at least.
Don't let that turtle get a nip.
Oh, God.
We've all seen the videos of the people who, like, grew up with the lions, or rather,
the lions grew up with them, and then they don't see the lions for a grip,
and then they come back and see the lions, and the lions charge at them,
and you're like, fucking all right, here we go.
But then they just hug them.
I don't know that a crocodile is going to do this.
I don't know that a crocodile is going to be like, is that you, Davis?
And then run up to you and throw their scaly arms around your soft, supple neck.
I don't think you're going to get that exchange.
I've always loved you, Brian.
I don't know how a crocodile shows its affection except for not running fast at you and snapping
its big jaws.
Do you ever think, whenever I see, like, those unlikely animal friends,
and it's like a lion and, like, a Labrador retriever,
all I can think is that the Labrador retriever's like,
ha ha, yeah, we're friends.
Get me out of here.
Get me the fuck.
What are you fucking doing?
Look at this thing.
It's a fucking lion.
Ah, yeah, let's play with the ball.
The fun thing about the unlikely friends, animal friends, is that every time you see
one of those, know that the beginning of that story is some cat who's like, I don't know,
maybe.
Fuck it.
I'm drunk.
Also, for every, like, one of those you see, there's 18 that didn't quite pan out.
Sure.
Oh, that they just didn't click on a friend level.
I'm trying to think of what a crocodile's friend is, and I'm thinking about these birds
that ride on the crocodile's back sometimes, just chilling in the middle of the lake or
the swimming pool.
And then I think that's the only one that they're going to get, because if a bird can
feel the wind changing, can feel a single drop of sweat forming on their crocodile friend,
their crocodile life partner below them, and know that the chomp is coming, and then they
can immediately leave upwards.
They can leave in a direction that the crocodile cannot follow.
I feel like it's a lot more like Dread Pirate Roberts at that point.
Like, I'll most likely kill you in the morning.
Like, cool, cool.
I'm going to sit here so I don't have to keep flying.
I'm very tired.
Extremely tired.
All right.
I used to love playing rock band and guitar here when I was a kid.
I recently dug out my old, I'm sorry, they have a curse word here, but I'll just say
it, shitty, plastic instruments.
Do we have to go blue?
Out of my attic and found I was missing a set of drumsticks.
There are a few music stores within driving distance where I can buy some, but I don't
really play the drums.
I'm afraid someone will ask me something about my drums or what kind of drumsticks I want
or really anything at all.
I'll look so stupid.
What do I do?
I mean, there are electric drums, right?
Like, you could say I'm an electric drummer.
They probably don't say that.
Tell me about what kind of electric drum set you got.
I have a...
Get the fuck out of here, you're a fucking liar.
No, no, no.
I know the brand.
It's a microphone dice.
What?
Monitor.
Microphone dice monitor.
Are you just looking around your own room looking for things you see?
It's Good Beats.
It's a Good Beats.
It is not.
It is not a Good Beats.
Good Beats hasn't put out a drum set in over 20 years.
It's vintage.
It's vintage?
Really?
It's a vintage Good Beats drum set.
Where did you get a vintage Good Beats?
Those are like $50,000.
Get out of here.
That's just a guy in the background playing the guitar really loud
so that you know how good he is.
In every music store ever, could you keep a down guy on guitar?
I'm talking to this dude about his vintage $50,000 Good Beats.
Yeah, I sure will put the headphones in.
Okay.
So tell me more about what kind of drum set you...
You're singing out loud.
Excuse me.
You're saying it out loud while you're playing.
Yeah, I do that.
Helps me visualize the tunes.
What's up?
It's me, Sammy Hagar.
Whoa, in my store?
Sorry, I said it wrong.
It's me, Hammy Sagar.
Hammy, you gotta talk to this dude about his $50,000 vintage Good Beats.
Oh no, he already stole all the drumsticks and ran out the door
while you were talking.
It's the perfect crime.
Yeah, he never saw that.
So get Hammy Sagar.
You're working with a local Sammy Hagar impressionist.
You're working with a Jillbin, a Silbin?
There's one of those letters, man.
Wait, are you really Hammy Sagar?
Maybe, I just burst out of your brother's torso.
Now I'm a podcast man.
Whoa, I don't know where in a bit.
Are there any famous drummers?
Okay, like let's say, how about Keith Moon, Ringo Starr?
Keith Moon's dead, that's not good.
Let's say Ringo Starr.
Can you go in and say you are Ringo Starr's assistant
and he's doing a concert nearby.
You don't know fucking anything about drums
and I need a pair of drums, drumsticks.
And they're like, what kind of drums do you play?
And then you can be like, I think you should know it's Ringo Starr.
You tell me what kind of drums he plays.
And then they feel like the idiot because they don't know
and they're just gonna sheepishly sell you them at a great rate.
Or better yet, when he's like, what kind of drums?
I don't know, it's my first day working for him
and start crying.
You'll probably get a discount at that point.
You could also say, let me get some drumsticks
and they'll say, oh, what kind of set do you play?
No, it's for eating corn cobs off of.
No, I just have big hands
so traditional chopsticks don't work for me.
They don't work for me.
I'm Hammy Sagar, look at my huge palms.
I have to use drumsticks because I want everything I eat
to taste like rock and roll.
No, I'm trying to fight some rock vampires
and this is the only way I'm gonna be able to get close to him.
Itadakimasu, it's me, Hammy Sagar,
ready to enjoy this delicious meal you've prepared for me.
Does Sammy Hagar have a restaurant?
Does Sammy, he should, shouldn't he?
It seems like he does.
I'm gonna follow my spirit on this
and just Google Sammy Hagar restaurant
and see Sammy Hagar's Beach Bar and Grill.
Fuck yes, it just seemed like he would and then he did.
Check and mate.
He's got five.
Holy shit.
If you wanna enjoy Sammy's Beach Bar and Grill,
you can head to Glamorous, Honolulu, Maui, Las Vegas,
Cleveland, Southland Park Gaming and Racing Center.
Now I can justify the first three
and I bet Cleveland it's close to the Hall of,
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Maybe, maybe.
When I'm walking through the hallowed halls of Hall of Fame
learning about all my favorite rock legends,
I see Sammy Hagar not in there, I think.
All I can think is, boy,
I wonder what this man could do to a set of chicken wings.
And that's how he made it into the cooking Hall of Fame.
True, multidisciplinarian.
Can we talk about the Max Fun Drive again?
Cause it's been so long that I'm starting to get the jitters.
I would love to.
Can I tell you, all right, yep.
So fucking funny, dude.
Thanks, dude.
So here's what I wanna say.
Can I be personal for a moment?
Get personal, dude.
Let me open my heart like Shazam
and let my little kid inside out.
All right.
I keep a boy in my chest.
Okay, what do you wanna say here?
No, that's what I wanna say.
I keep a boy in my chest.
Jeez, Trav.
But I wouldn't be able to do that if it weren't for donors.
Well, you're a broad-shouldered gentleman,
so I could see somebody meet Davin in there
with a certain amount of comfort.
You could have also gone with Krangin.
I would have given you that.
I think there's a thing in Men in Black
where there's a person inside a person's chest.
Anyways, we are all at this point
full-time professional podcasters.
And the only reason we are able to do that
is because of donors,
because of MaxFunDrive and the MaxFun donors.
And it's one of those things where,
and I tweeted about this last week,
but I do about every four weeks,
14 episodes of content for MaxFun.
And that's a lot.
But the reason I do that
and the reason I care about it so much
is I know how much it matters to you.
I see people tweet about it all year
and people show it to our shows.
But during MaxFunDrive, I get this big burst of inspiration
because I see all these people saying,
this is why this matters to me.
This is why I love MaxFun.
This is why I love my brother, my brother and me
and the Adventure Zone and Sawbones
and Schmaners and Wonderful
and Trends Like These and Still Buffering.
And that just, it fills me with so much joy and gratitude.
And horny power.
And horny power.
And that horny power is what fuels me for another year.
That horny fire in my soul just keeps me going.
Yeah, I think what Travis is trying to say
is you can support the things that you care about
and that you want to be in the world.
And that support means the world to us,
even no matter what level it is.
We get a lot of tweets from people saying like,
sorry, I can only do $5 a month.
That's huge.
That is you advocating for the stuff that we make.
And that's like the most meaningful thing
that you can do for a creator.
And you've been so kind to us in the past
with your donations and your support.
So if you just started listening
or maybe you're listening to more shows on the network,
consider donating.
You get to pick the shows you want to directly support
and your money will go to them.
And yeah, this is the time of year
where just think about what you have gotten
out of the shows that we make.
And if you have the means and you feel comfortable doing so,
go to maximumfun.org slash donate
and get those great rewards,
like the bonus content at five bucks
or the pins at 10 bucks.
There's a lot of options there.
This is also the best time to upgrade your donation.
Maybe you've been a member for a while
and you've started listening to more shows
or they filled an even more important part of your life,
whatever, maybe you got a big raise at work or whatever.
You know, maybe it's time to bump up from five to 10
or 10 to 20.
And when you do,
you will also get some of those new rewards for this year.
And I also want to say one last thing
before we move on to other questions.
I know that not everybody can donate.
You know, there was a time in my life
where $5 a month was out of the question
for stuff like this,
but you can still help out by going to Twitter
or Instagram or whatever social media you use
and sharing the link maximumfun.org forward slash donate
and use the hashtag maxfundrive and tell people
why they should donate and why the shows matter
and why, you know, like if you have a friend
who, you know, listens to the show
and, you know, maybe say to them like,
hey, did you know the maxfundrive is going on?
And make sure that they know about it.
All those things really help us out.
Can we just talk real quick about the bonus?
Just like, can I just talk about the bonus content real quick?
Go for it.
You can give $5 a month.
Just our shows, right?
There are one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine, 10, 11 bonus episodes of My Brother, My Brother, Me
in there, which includes the Ghost Horse Fugue
for Brother Horns demo by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Him singing that demo is in there.
The one and only episode of Big Gulp Live
is in the archives in there.
There are videos of us goofing on like educational videos.
There is Still Buffering played D&D.
We played Honey Heist.
Oh shit, that was so fun.
For Taz, it was really fun and funny.
We also played, Lin and us played Dungeons & Dragons one time
and he was a bard and it was really fun
and there's just like so much great stuff in there
and you get access to all of it for donating five bucks a month
and I think it would really mean a lot to us.
One last thing, and I'm recording this after the fact
if you can't tell because we forgot to mention it.
We are going to do a few other stretch goals
for numbers we hit as the whole MaxFun community
for this drive.
The first thing may be relevant if you know the history
of My Brother, My Brother, and Me
and our failures.
At 12,500 new and upgrading MaxFun members
which is half of our station-wide goal of 25,000
we're going to put out the May the 4th Star Wars episode
that we did live at Detroit, the Detroit disaster episode.
We're going to put that in the donor bonus feed
which again you get access to at five dollars a month
and at 15,000 new and upgrading MaxFun members
we're going to put out the episode
of the Adventure Zone Elementary that we recorded
on the Joko Cruise in which we had a fifth Sherlock Holmes
who was Pat Rothfuss and that one, wow, the mystery
really got away from us that time.
So yeah, two additional bonus episodes
that we're going to put up as stretch goals
and we may do some more later on this week.
TheMaximumFun.org forward slash donate.
Get that money.
I don't know what's soundboard
and what's not soundboard anymore.
What?
I want a munch.
Squad.
I want to munch.
Squad, oh.
I put a little British ant fuzz on that one
and a little bit of British stank.
I got a little, is it ACDC out of that, was that?
A little bit of ACDC or acted.
Or air conditioned and air conditioned.
Air conditioned Dave Coulier as they sometimes are known.
It's back.
Pizza Hut brings back cult favorite Pazon from March Madness.
Folks, the Pazon is back.
This isn't even that funny of a one.
It's more like Max Fun Drive time
to give back public service announcement.
The Pazon is back.
That means I have to stop referring
to a person's genital triangle as their Pazon
because now it means something else again.
It could get confusing if you're like,
hey, can I have some of your Pazon?
And they're like, oh.
My genital triangle?
No, no, no.
It's a perfect addition to any March Madness watch party.
Customers can choose from pepperoni,
meaty and supremo recipes.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, so you got a lot of options.
Here's a quote from Marianne Radley,
the chief brand officer of Pizza Hut.
The McElroys talk about this all the time.
So we thought we might as well bring it back.
It's not a wiener.
March Madness is not a wiener.
It's one of the most captivating sports moments of the year.
We're excited to bring that back to Pazon
as part of our $5 lineup during a time
when friends and family will be gathering
in anticipation and excitement.
Boy, it sounds like Marianne has maybe
never been to a party before.
You know how when your friends and family gather
in anticipation and excitement,
do you mean a party to watch sports, Marianne?
Hey, do you guys want to come over
and anticipate another basketball game with me?
I guess so.
Listen, Marianne, who is not a robot, continues,
even if your team doesn't advance in the tournament.
Even if the human players don't score enough points.
If ball does not enter ring a satisfactory number of times.
The comeback of the Pazon is something
we know all fans can rally around.
I see here you've written at the end of your bracket,
the Pazon back baby, and you write,
here's $25 million.
You won the universal bracket competition.
You won it.
Hey, Pizza Hut, bring back the Bigfoot,
you fucking cowards.
I want to achieve my life's goal
of being crushed to death by a Bigfoot pizza
falling over on me, and that's not gonna happen
without your help.
God, this fucking press release, it continues.
The ads, there's gonna be ads
during March Madness for the Pazon.
The ads include some of the most famous
March Madness reaction memes from recent years.
That sounds pretty good.
From recent years, like the what just happened whale
featuring John Phillips, a diehard Northwestern fan,
and viral sensation from the 2017 NCAA tournament.
It's just like, are you advertising,
are you advertising the memes that are in your thing?
Is that what's going on?
Yeah, I guess this is a guy who got sad in a way
that everyone really liked, and so because of him,
I will eat your pizza, though.
I get so hungry seeing other people's
disappointment and sadness.
Yeah, well, it was sad in a way that I thought
I found entertaining in a big way,
so it did make me hungry for your pizza zone.
Yes, a lack of empathy really gets me salivating.
I'm just trying to find a clip of this fucking sound,
like this whale that apparently is so funny
they've gotta use it to sell pizza calzones.
What happened whale?
The what happened whale?
I'm not moving on until I can find it,
so just warning you.
Now the first thing that comes up for me
is an article from the Natural History Museum
that says what happens to a whale when it dies?
It's probably not that, right?
I'm reading about a whale prison.
A guy, like the first result is just this kid,
it's just a GIF.
It's just a GIF of a kid, I mean,
it's just a GIF of a kid who's sad about basketball.
Like, it's just a GIF of a kid who's sad about basketball.
I want to watch this guy get sad
and have a fun time with him.
I'm gonna put it in the thing.
It's just, it's nothing.
It's from 2017.
This kid's got a home and three kids right now.
What is marketable about this?
Well, he's really, he's genuinely sad.
He's the son of the athletic director of the losing team.
I imagine he's quite upset about his father's,
you know, his father's shameful sports defeat.
He just loves his boy.
Watching this child, this has no retweets and no likes.
There was somebody at Pizza Hut
who very much enjoyed watching this boy
watch his father get sports defeated
and thought that it's gonna sell mad zones.
It's just, you can't even find,
so the Northwestern kid, I guess, was a thing.
He was just really sad about the sports.
Yeah, he was just a sad boy.
He was just a sad boy who was sad about the game.
Anyway, I got another story.
I remember when my dad got fired from the radio station
and fell down a flight of stairs on his way out
and I cried and then someone took a picture of that
and then they started selling Big Macs with it.
Okay, this goes on to brag about Book It
and it says the literacy project,
you know, Book It?
Yeah, dude.
You read books, you get free pizza.
You get free pizza.
It says here, in partnership with Philips, who is,
oh, Philips, I guess the boy, the crying boy.
After my dad lost the big game, I read a bunch of books.
They're partnering with the boy
to provide equal access to books and educational resources.
Pizza Hut is donating $20,000.
Wow, you shouldn't have.
You made that five minutes ago, you fuckos.
Really?
$20,000 Pizza Hut?
Are you sure?
Unbelievable.
But they're making this sad boy pay for it.
The sad boy has to clear out his college savings.
He's gotta wash ditches at a Pizza Hut
to earn that $20,000.
Griffin, you had a Yahoo all lined up for us
before I so rudely interrupted you.
Yeah, so I have a Yahoo here that was sent in by Kalen.
Thanks, Kalen.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Dan, who asks,
I don't get it.
What's the point of bubble bath?
Ever since I was a kid,
I never understood what the deal is with bubble bath.
Does it get you cleaner than just soap and water?
Or is it just a stupid load of crud?
Or is it meant to make you feel
like you're a millionaire when you ain't?
Or does it have some function I never understood?
Like, is the whole point of it
so as you can have someone else in the room
while you're bathing and they can't see your private parts
because of the bubbles?
Or is bubble bath just totally pointless?
This person just listed three great things about bubble bath
and they're still wondering what the point of it is.
You're getting it.
Yeah, there's not some secret hidden bubble bath agenda
that you're, yeah, that's it.
It makes you feel like a millionaire when you ain't.
That's the first thing, no question.
Two, people can't see your private parts.
Absolutely.
It's great for taking pictures of your kids.
You could not show the act of bathing in most films
without, or else, you know?
Yes.
Or take tasteful pictures of your toddlers
because there's a bubble bath and it's adorable.
Oh, it's so funny.
Oh, it looks like they've got a beard and a hat on
and you can't see their pizones.
And Travis has just touched on the next thing,
which is the Santa beard is very good.
Santa beard is very good.
I bet this guy goes to the park
where kids are playing with bubble wands
and he's like, what's the point?
Does it get you clean?
I mean, it could.
Does this get you high?
Does it get you high?
These bubbles get you kids high?
I don't get it.
What's the point?
I do wanna say this about bubble bath.
I wish there was a off switch.
Once you board the bubble bath train,
you can't go back to water bath.
You simply cannot.
And it is for this reason that my,
I used to draw a bubble bath for my son
and I did it for a while
and then he started just requesting no bubbles.
He's the only two-year-old that I know of who's like,
I'll just do a water one this time and every time.
I hate those bubbles because you can't turn them off.
They're just always there once you do them.
And you can't actually,
it's so hard to rinse bubbles off.
Like, yeah, it is a, yeah.
Bubbles, bubble baths are a lot.
Also, if kids are real young,
you shouldn't do bubble baths.
It's bad for their skin,
especially young people with vaginas.
It's not great for them.
Just a little PSA for me.
I would like to pitch this, a new bubble bath strat.
Okay.
Make a little bucket of bubble bath on the side.
Then you can place the, you can do the bubble hat.
You could do the bubble beard.
You could even tastefully place some bubble coverage,
but you have sequestered the bubbles over in a safe area
where they can be admired.
Oh, those are some great bubbles,
but they're not over here infesting my whole bath zone.
That's fun.
There's also this, a second bathtub
that sits in the ceiling above your current bathtub.
And when you fill up your bathtub,
upstairs bathtub also gets filled up.
And then when you want the bubbles
in your fun bath to go away,
when the person's left the room
and you can lock your genitals to really
just scuba around down there
without being obfuscated by the suds,
then you pull the lever
and the floor of your tub opens up
and it falls out of the house.
And then the floor of the upstairs bath opens
and it instantly refills with clean, beautiful,
easy breezy, beautiful bubble-free water.
And Gromit brings you a sandwich or whatever.
Yeah, and then your breakfast gets made
and your Mr. Bean or whatever.
Mr. T cereal pours out
and you only eat like two pieces of it.
You can laugh at me, but let me ask you this.
Okay.
You ever seen Mr. Bean's dick?
Oh, Griffin, please don't let me talk about this again.
I didn't realize it was Sunday afternoon already.
It's time for a regular weekly conference call with Griffin.
Have you ever seen Mr. Bean's dick?
Listen, they had to put butts in the seats
at Johnny English 3 somehow.
Griffin, by the last time, Johnny English isn't Mr. Bean.
You can fucking pry that out of my cold, dead hands.
You can lean over my casket at my funeral
and be like, it's not true.
That's the only way you're gonna take that from me, bud,
because he is Mr. Bean and he talks normaler.
He gets up in a wacky hijinx and he can't,
he fucking, you know, his pants falls down
and he doesn't do being a spy good.
Hello, does that sound like Mr. Bean
who goes into the museum and makes a big mess?
Hello, Mr. Fly. Thank you.
I can't believe that you're not on my side on this.
I'm actually kind of heartbroken about it.
I feel like you're just being devil's advocate.
No, I'm sorry, Griffin.
All right.
It's a different person.
He's also not the same guy from the remake of Rat Race.
He is similar, though.
Mr. Bean is very similar to the guy from Rat Race.
I think he only says the one thing, it's an ace.
Like, that's the only thing.
But he's also not Blackadder.
Blackadder is a completely different character.
That's different, that one's different.
But the other ones where he's Mr. Bean,
I think he's actually Mr. Bean in those.
So like, wait, so does Johnny English
come before Mr. Bean where maybe he sees too much
and he's like, I'll never speak again.
I'll never, I can't.
Johnny English never comes before anyone.
He's a proper British gentleman
that knows how to make a lover laugh.
He knows to take care, it's like eating Chinese food,
it's not over till everybody gets their cookies.
That's a line from Alec Baldwin's movie.
Boss Baby.
The Shadow in Boss Baby.
Yeah.
I watched Boss Baby fucking twice on the cruise.
How was your guys cruise?
I had fun.
I didn't get diarrhea against the will of God and man.
And I watched Boss Baby twice.
Pretty good time, I think, I had.
Did you know there's a Netflix series?
You can just transition straight into that.
I think it's on its like eighth season.
Six episodes of our show on TV was done,
but we've got, we're up to like six seasons
of Boss Baby bossing around or whatever
the fucking Netflix show is called.
Are you really trying to compare the quality of our show
to the quality of Boss Baby, Griffin, or Justin?
Which one are you?
I mean, the animation is about equal,
but the voices in ours are a lot better.
All right, let's start.
You remember who made it, so be nice.
Oh, you're right, it is a DreamWorks thing.
Get that money.
Okay, you got me on that one.
That one is really good.
I thought that one worked.
Yeah, you should do the next one also.
I did have a lot of fun with Boss Baby.
The National Cornbread Festival is coming up next month
and I was thinking of checking it out.
Fuck yeah, why not?
Fuck yeah, I'd go.
Get there.
Why not?
I noticed the words no drones allowed
were written at the bottom of every single page
in bold orange font.
I reached out to the organizers through email
about a week ago.
Bless you, good for you, excellent.
I reached out to the organizers through email
about a week ago, but have not gotten a response
and it doesn't say why they're banned anywhere on the site.
I hope when you reached out to them,
you emailed to say, hey, I know, I get it,
but can I bring one drone?
I'll be cool.
Just the one drone.
Oh man.
It doesn't say anywhere.
And so why are drones banned?
How can I find this out?
Now we've been making a push recently
for more, just to really, you gotta send advice questions.
I, however, have gone to nationalcornbread.com
and have found that really prominently,
at the bottom of every single page,
it does say no drones allowed in huge orange letters
and I don't understand.
It's like, it's really prominent.
The only reason that happens
is if at a past cornbread festival,
they did not have this rule,
some drone showed up and ruined everything.
Yeah, I mean, man, it's really just on the masthead there.
It's above their address.
Yeah, it's above their address.
If you can imagine this, friend,
if you're not at a computer,
at the bottom of the page, there's like the links
for Facebook and Twitter and Instagram.
Boy, I bet the Instagram of National Cornbread Festival
just kind of bookmarked that.
Click away.
Oh shit.
It's a bunch of cornbread up on here.
It looks real good.
Yeah, it looks actually really delicious.
Now that I'm looking.
And then at the bottom of the page,
there's like their address in white
and then above that, in three times as big font,
in huge orange letters, it says no drones allowed, so.
Did the website maybe used to be something else
and then they updated every part of it
but couldn't figure out how to remove no drones allowed
from the masthead?
No drones allowed.
Do you think, do drones eat?
Oh, okay, I got Brad Garrett to do that too.
I got Brad Garrett to say no drones allowed.
Do drones eat cornbread?
They do like it, but like,
do they like it more than the rest of us?
I don't know.
I'm just saying, listen, if I worked hard to make some,
and I'm hoping to like win the blue ribbon,
make some like award-winning cornbread, right?
And then a drone swoops in and eats it all up
before judgment again, what am I supposed to,
how am I supposed to stop a drone, Griffin?
Now I will say there's, let's Occam's Razor this
because what's more likely?
Drones love to eat and enjoy and digest
and then I guess shit cornbread?
Or at the National Cornbread Festival
in South Pittsburgh, Tennessee, there was executed
the fucking heist of the century,
an aerial cornbread escape and nary a flake
of this sweet yellow bread crossed the gums
of the attendees and participants of the festival
as they lifted off into the skies.
And they even did the thing that they do
at the Super Bowl sometimes where it'll form words
like Maroon 5 or Pepsi Good.
And it said like, fuck yous, this, you know,
biscuits are where it's at
from the National Biscuit Council, eat our ass.
Whoa, it was a spite thing?
It's possible. I love that.
I thought it was good, I thought you were headed
towards like, you know, a super villain
who has like a crazy craving for some cornbread
and they've stolen like 5,000 pounds of cornbread
right under the nose of that cornbread festival
who's always thwarting them.
Yeah.
And another possibility is that if you see the way
that the tents are lined up and the parking lots
are lined up and the corn maze is lined up,
the whole thing when seen from way above Bird's Eye View,
and this is just an accident,
it's just kind of how it came together,
it does look like a dog sitting on its butt
with a huge boner and they don't want anyone to know
and it's too late to change it.
Do you think maybe the organizers
of the cornbread festival are worried
that people would show up just like super excited
for cornbread and then they'd look up and be like,
oh shit, are those robots flying in the sky?
Yeah, fuck cornbread.
I wanna find out about this.
Yeah, that's way more interesting.
I'm going to Skybot Festival.
So it should list some other things
that are more interesting than cornbread,
like yo-yos or bread.
Pencils, paper.
There's so many pictures on the cornbread festival website
of people pretending to be super jazzed
about the idea of cornbread.
Tell me you're wrong, I love cornbread,
but these people, it is as if they have never
eaten food before.
I kind of really want to go now.
I tweeted at them.
I see that Justin has now tweeted,
hey, our drone's allowed at the cornbread festival
to the cornbread festival.
And that's always.
And then I just follow up with that afterwards with just one
because I want to make it clear, I don't want to bring
a lot of drones, just the one drone.
Sure, and this is a fun thing that Justin likes to do
to Twitter accounts with 600 followers
is sort of just sort of bring the hammer down on them.
A joke hammer.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that, thank you.
So here's one that was sent in by Jessica Williams.
Thank you, Jessica.
It is from Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, they are anonymous.
So I'm gonna call them Sally.
Sally asks, was I right to leave the party
because there was nowhere for me to sit?
Yesterday, my grandma had a party at her house.
My whole family went and extended family too.
It started at like 10 a.m. and I got there at 12 p.m.
I drove there to find there were no seats.
I walked in the backyard and everyone was sitting down
and I got offended because no one offered me a seat.
I would have had to stand up the whole time
so I got in my car and left.
Was I right to do that?
Now the whole family is talking about me
and thinks I'm weird.
Here's the thing that Sally wasn't,
isn't telling us, it's not her family.
Oh, I see.
She showed up and everyone's like, oh, she's back.
And she's like, no one's giving me a seat
and she left and everyone was super relieved.
Yeah, also Sally is a baby black bear
who just keeps coming onto my lot
and keeps falling in my swimming pool
and scaring my child a lot.
That's possible.
It could also be that you showed up two hours late
to your grandma's radical party
and so maybe you just don't get a seat.
How long was grandma's party going
that two hours was an acceptable window to you?
Did grandma put 10 a.m. to question mark?
You're at it all day.
Now if it's a Memorial Day thing in Ironton,
that's kind of a come and go situation.
Because you're gonna be going to all the neighbor's houses.
Yes, especially if it's on the parade route.
Oh, forget about it.
Especially if you've got an easily accessible bathroom,
people are gonna be hitting you up all day long.
Hey Bill, it's Steve.
Yeah, whatever, where's the crap?
Of course.
Love it, so good catching up.
I gotta shoot the dick real quick.
Thank you for your service.
I never actually, can I shit in here?
That's a closet, okay.
This would be, generally speaking,
is it okay to leave a party
because there's nowhere for you to sit?
I certainly, in my collegiate days,
before I learned how to speak to other human beings,
I left parties for far less reasonable reasons
than this reason.
Like too drunk reason.
Too drunk or someone showed up who looked like someone
that I have beef with, but it didn't end up to be them.
There were drones there,
or you thought you heard an ice cream truck.
You thought you heard an ice cream truck,
you gotta chase that shit down.
Gotta see what's happening out there.
I think that rather than tell someone,
like if someone's like, hey Sally,
why'd you leave the party?
Don't say there weren't enough seats there.
Say, I knew there were more seats somewhere else.
That's what put a positive spin on it.
I'm still at the party.
I'm just sitting down at my house.
Now I have annexed my house as part of your party
because that's where I knew the seat was.
What if you told him you went to buy more chairs,
but the chair store had burned down so you went home
because it was very far away from the original party.
You can do what I do whenever I show up
to any social function, which is walk into the room
and introduce my presence,
and then just very, very slowly start sitting down
wherever I am and hope that somebody puts a chair under me.
And I make a big deal out of it like, oh.
How often does that work?
Oh no, here I go, gonna,
I hope I don't smash my tuchus on the ground.
Someone please give me a thing to land.
Oh no, I'm almost losing my balance thinking my tuchus.
Now Griffin, you have broken your coccyx like 80 times,
right?
I don't, it's really just kind of a metal,
it's kind of mostly just a truck hitch
back there at this point.
Which is cool because I can.
Yeah, you can pull a trailer.
Yeah, I can get a boat down to the river just on myself.
Which is exciting.
I would leave the party because I don't wanna stand up
while a bunch of sitters in the same way
that I do not wanna be the only person sitting at the party
talking to a bunch of pizones.
I would find some place lower to sit down.
Oh.
Like if everybody's sitting on a chair,
you could sit on like a footstool.
You know what I mean?
So now it's like, I'm even more comfortable than you are.
Damn Trav, that's funky and relatable.
Thank you.
Twisted too, I'd say.
Thank you, well that's just what I bring to the party.
Get a shovel and start digging a hole you can sit in.
Yeah, do that.
The lowest one is the-
Or just lay down and look up at your grandma.
The lowest, the lower you are, the cooler you are.
Yes.
Because you're closer to the center of the earth
where it's hot, baby.
And maybe just grab the whole bowl of potato salad
and pop a fork in there.
No need for a plate.
Yeah, don't leave.
That's not gonna get even with them.
These motherfuckers wanna be chair hogs.
I think you gotta just upend the hot dog tray.
I think a good way to get a bunch of people standing up
who are sitting is just walk in and say,
oh, sitting, huh?
And then just don't say anything else
as you look around the room slowly.
That would work on me.
I'd be like, wait, what is it?
What's wrong with, oh.
That's wrong with sitting?
Yeah, that's really bad for you.
I heard that sitting for five minutes
is like having 30 heart attacks.
Whoa.
Is what I saw on the news.
Yeah.
I'm a stander.
The problem is is then once people start standing up
with you, you can't then sit down like,
oh, you know what, I'm gonna risk it.
I read another story.
They've updated, the science has changed.
You know science.
The science on sitting is different now.
Oh, you know what I love when confronted
with my grandma in her rude chair stealing ways
is you get a whoopee cushion under there.
Oh my god, this sounds so funny.
Nobody talk.
Well, you gotta blow it up first
and you don't wanna see them to see you do that.
So go in the bathroom and say, I've got a shit,
and then you go in the bathroom
and you blow up a whoopee cushion.
But do make it seem like you're actually doing the deed
because they're gonna be like,
what are you doing in there blowing up a whoopee cushion?
And so roll the toilet paper roll a few times
and tear a piece off so that they think.
Spend some time praying loudly.
Well, no, I'm talking about usual bathroom stuff.
And so you flush it down and wash your hands good,
but you don't have to, you can just turn the water on.
And really you can do that anywhere,
but that's a whole different pro tip.
And then you're gonna go outside
and everybody's sitting in the chairs.
At this point, the whoopee cushion's in your belly
up in your shirt, and you're gonna walk out.
And you better do it to grandma
because it's gonna be the funniest,
like it's funnier when an older person passes gas.
Yes, yes, yes.
You are gonna go stand behind them
or maybe crawl behind them so everybody else doesn't see you.
And once you get there,
you're gonna have to get that whoopee cushion
under granny's behind.
Yes, this is the part of your plan
I'm most interested in, if I'm being honest.
Sure, sure, sure.
So we're talking about what is a whoopee cushion?
Well, I'm glad you asked me that very question.
It's just a bag full of air, and what is air known for?
It can fill any space that it occupies.
And so if you just put it sort of against your granny's thigh
and the chair, the surface,
and you just kind of start pushing
that big balloon against her hiney,
it's gonna get under there eventually.
The question is what is there distracting her
against this very obvious sensation?
That's the obvious question.
I know you think I'm a real goofball by suggesting this.
Another thing you need in this situation
is a pill caddy full of bees.
Okay, yes, a pill caddy full of bees.
Yeah, and you're just gonna start
opening those up one by one.
And once they start getting bored with one bee,
you open up Tuesday bee, Wednesday bee, Thursday bee.
Wait a minute, why not just have, sorry, I'm sorry.
Why not then just have a box of bees?
Because it's harder to catch a box full of bees.
If you open up a box, Travis.
Thank you, yes.
Even a small box, like a box for shoes,
and then fucking seven bees fly out,
people will be like, that was not.
Not impressive.
But if you throw a pill caddy for one week down,
and you then walk over to what you've just thrown down,
and one by one open all the doors.
It does heighten the scare factor
because people will look at it and think,
oh my God, that's a week's worth of bees.
That's so many.
So you would open one bee, right, at least one bee,
then you would go and scoot some more of the cushion
underneath Grandma.
Oh no, people are getting bored.
You go back out to the center room, open Monday bee,
and then you go back more cushion.
Exactly, the problem is that you've chosen a target
who is maybe the least mobile person at the event,
and so you need to confront yourself with the reality
that this thing, this dog just is not going to hunt,
even, no matter if you have something ridiculous,
like two full pill caddies full of bees.
And so at that point, your granny's gonna catch you,
and it'll do the funny exclamation point thing
like in Metal Gear Solid, and she'll be like,
what do you do?
She'll be like, what do you do?
And then that's when you just take the whoopee cushion back
and you just squeeze it so that the little rubber lips
of it is blowing the fart like at her derriere.
And that's gonna be not ideal, obviously,
but you get something out of it, so.
My only sadness is that you've edited all this out
and no one will ever get to hear any of this madness.
That's the only thing that makes me sad.
No, I think that one made the cut.
It did.
Oh, that one's in there.
Wow, I'm actually surprised.
Can we talk about the max phone drive?
Sure, I guess so.
Is that okay?
Yeah, maximumfund.org forward slash donate is the address.
If you could donate five, 10, $20 a month,
at $20 a month, you get a puzzle and a pin of your choice
and all the bonus content.
$35 a month, you get an engraved mug
and the puzzle and the pin and the bonus content.
That engraving, by the way, as I should have mentioned,
you don't get to pick the engraving.
It's the max funnel logo.
But it's cool.
Like, that's a cool thing to have on your mug.
The Arby's, the Arby's logo.
I love that.
There are more gifts at higher donation levels,
which you can go see at the website if you want to.
But the main thing is just subscribing.
Even if it's just five bucks a month,
it really does add up and help to keep this network going.
It is the reason that we have all been able
to make this our jobs, spend a lot more time on the shows,
improve our equipment, and-
And start new shows.
Start new shows, yeah.
We started with Just My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
And look how many we're doing now
because being a part of this network is so great.
Yeah, it is a great place to do our thing.
And we are very fortunate
that you all have been so supportive in the past.
So think about, it's really quick too.
Go to maximumfund.org slash donate.
It takes like just like a minute to pick your show
you want to support and get all your stuff in there.
I want to say my, let me also encourage you.
If you're thinking about doing it and you want to do it,
do it now.
Like as long as you're not driving or something,
if you can safely like get on your phone
or computer or whatever, because, you know,
it's so easy to say like, oh yeah, I'll do that later.
And then like you completely forget about it.
And then you're going to miss your window
to get all of these awesome rewards
and to be part of the drive and all that stuff.
I would say also for whatever it's worth,
and I don't want to like get into gilding anybody,
but for the first couple of days,
we had some problems with the Max Fund website.
And speaking frankly, we're a little bit behind
of where we would like to be.
Considering the network-wide goal is 25,000
and we're sitting at about eight here
as we're recording on Friday afternoon.
Hopefully it's slightly higher than 8,000,
which is what it's at currently on Friday,
because you're listening to this on Monday.
But we would really appreciate it.
We need your help basically is what I'm saying.
So if you would come to leap to our aid,
like a brave, cool night, we would really appreciate it.
And please don't hesitate.
Maximumfund.org forward slash donate.
If you like the stuff we do
and you want more stuff like that in the world,
this is how you vote for that stuff.
That's how you fill the world with things you like.
So please.
And thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for these for our theme song.
And to Departure, ask the album putting the days to bed.
How about a yahoo?
Oh, one more thing before I forget.
We have a YouTube channel, McElroy Family on YouTube.
And we've been doing a bunch of like live streams
and extra stuff on there.
Maybe by the time this comes out,
I'll have posted, Teresa did like a retro hair tutorial
on there.
Go check it out.
And we will probably do some more live streams on there.
So McElroy Family on YouTube.
This final yahoo was sent in by Teresa.
Thanks Teresa.
My wife?
Please Travis.
My wife.
This yahoo answers user Kate, who asks,
how do you describe an elephant taking a dump
in a funny yet serious way?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Get that.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
