The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Welcome, my brother, my brother and me. An advice show for the modern era,
and it's the most magical day of the year for us horse aficionados. It's Kentucky Derby Day.
What they call a acid magnet.
The way the mint leaves, you got to filter them out with your teeth.
Actually hate that. That's why I can't drink juleps. You want to work while you drink?
I'm hoping I can get through the entire race without my action winding down because I'm TikTok.
That's good. A good joke tip for everybody is if you name what you're referencing when you
reference it. Yeah, it's comedy 101. That's what they taught us at comedy school before we could
do this podcast. I wanted to tell you guys that I was looking at the horses, and there's one that
I wanted to point out to you specifically, and it is my favorite name of a horse that is running in
the Kentucky Derby, and here it is. Are you ready for it? Yeah. Orb. You know orb one. I am orb.
Orb one the Kentucky Derby. Well of course because he has the maximum amount of space,
the maximum efficiency of space used in a geometric object. Well he also has the most
streamlined name. Right. You know everybody else has like those longs like you know like a Stephen's
left shoe or something you know and it's just orb. Yeah. What if orb was a sentient globe that
insisted he was a horse? I am orb. I am a horse like your earth horses. You must admit me to the
race. I am horse. You are not horse. I am horse. Do not pay attention to how my horse legs don't
touch the ground. I am a hover horse. I am horse. Please inter oats into my oat deposit slot.
I am horse. I am not an orb. I am named orb. Provide me one metric cube of sweet glycerin,
and I shall tell your fortune. And also win your primitive horse race. Also I need a jockey.
If you know of any jockeys, I do need one please. One with preferably a long, a really good wingspan
I'm going to need because I'm spherical and 20 feet in diameter. You might need to paint him with
some kind of glue. I must. Ironic I know. I must win your horse, your earth horse race so I may
make love to your earth horse women. Did you guys say your names? Because mine's just. Orb is a very
sexual being. I come from the advanced future of 5024. Everyone is a geometric shape and everyone
loves to party. Please find me a horse that I will not crush to death. And make sure she's down.
Make sure she's down to clown with a sex ball. Because orb is also only about consensual sex.
Orb knows that real men take no for an answer. Travis. Uh huh. You want to say your name?
I'm Travis. I'm Griffin. Were there any other hit? It's because I watched part of the derby
yesterday and I don't remember seeing anything that really. Usually you'll get a.
Well my favorite part was when cube just sat there. Fucking cube. That's a terrible horse.
Cube bad. Yes cube you are bad. Cube not go good. Cube need a push. Horse other horse pull cube?
No. No. Let's help people. What do you think? Okay. I guess we can do that. I'm ready to help.
Uh last week I asked a close friend girlfriend of a friend. Oh Jesus. You can do this. Cube bad at reading.
Cube bad. Yes cube is bad. Last week I asked a close girlfriend of a year and a half out on a date.
I'm a dude bt dubs. She said no. Meanwhile in the week since my rejection I have developed feelings
for her best friend. Oops. My question is this. Is it too soon to pursue a relationship with her
bestie? And that's betwixt in Bristol. I love starting off the episode with with these easy lobs.
This easy lob uh no. Definitely. Whoa hold on Justin. Of course it's too soon. Too soon for what?
Here's here's why. She turned him down. Let me convince you. Who's feelings is he worried about? Let me convince you.
It's not about feelings. It's about. Nothing's about feelings. No it's not about feelings. Cube doesn't have feelings.
It's about like if okay so you ask out her friend. She says no and then you ask her out. It doesn't
look good. It makes you look insincere is my worry. It makes you look like you're going well
I'm just gonna keep asking everyone out till they say yes. I was gonna I was gonna ask if you think
her friend knows that she asked her out but like of course she does. Yeah that's that's I think that's
the problem. I think you come across as just like oh okay not you. Well what about you? And that that's
not a good way to start a relationship. Gosh you know that's a weird uh I'm not I'm not familiar
with that sort of like shift happening. Nobody's ever turned Justin down for a day. It's never
happened. God no. I've never been to well a dozen times but like not like it hasn't like seriously
that hasn't happened once. It's happened many many more times. Many once. Many once's that
have made. A baker's dozen of once's. Yeah it's true. It's once I get this baby weight off I'm
gonna be out there though. I'm gonna be you watch. Oof um I think I think I think you got a point
Trav. I think that this person is not going to be able to divorce the fact that you literally just
asked out their best friend. Like it's it's just it's probably not going to go well. Also you need
to take a long look in that deep dark truthful mirror and figure out did you just meet this
best friend and that's why you develop feelings for her or was it the person that you wanted turned
you down and so like maybe if they accuse you of just wanting sloppy seconds maybe they're not too
far off base if you got a no from somebody and immediately look to your right and we're like
well you then. But okay there is an unless. Isn't that contrary to sort of what we tell people
who put too much emphasis on asking someone out on a date like doesn't that sort of um. He didn't
say that though he said he developed feelings for that person which is like I don't know it seems
like a weird thing to do literally in the week since her friend turns you down like yeah it
yeah it really does seem the unless. What's the unless? Unless she also has feelings for you and
you've you know like the whole thing with the best friend was. See that is what I was like and you
just met her. Yeah when I when I read the question I envisioned sort of like a um her friend in the
glasses was there the entire time helping you to write love notes and then you didn't see
what was right in front of you. But the thing is the only person that could answer that is you.
You think the only person who could answer that is me? Travis how would I have any insight into
this? No Justin no Justin the the royal you. The royal you or also capital y o u. Orb could
probably shed some light on the situation. All things go for it. No this really is some
Midsummer Night's Dream shit this is some I think what this person needs to do is get both of these
women together. Go into the forest get a little pixie juice up in their eyes. Right. And then
one of them will turn into a goat and then. Have you seen Midsummer Night's Dream? It's been a
while. Yes I've seen the fucking yeah Travis I saw the Shakespeare production that you guys did.
Of course I did it was a special day for me. Anyway one of you turns into a goat
a ghost haunts you and then. There's Stanley Tucci watch out. But it's like a modern remake
so like it's got that sort of Boz Luhrmann touch to it. The original was a remake by Boz Luhrmann.
Him and Billy Shakespeare were best friends I don't know if you guys knew that.
Boz Luhrmann is 50,000 years old. He's clean living. Clean living. Clean clean living and
regularly just expelling his artistic juices that helps him to decompress and continue to live.
Yeah. You guys want a yahoo? Yeah please. This yahoo was sent in by Marina Baker. Thank you Marina
we really should have done this at the beginning of the show. It's from yahoo interview user 123
who asks my mom got me a pony but I didn't want one. I already told her before a million times
that I don't want a pony. I've never wanted a pony and I don't know why some girls are so obsessed
with the thought of having them and even then only little kids like ponies. I'm 13 for fuck's sake.
It doesn't say fuck. I could have gotten so many other things for the amount of money she spent on
that effing pony. It's just because she wanted a pony as a kid so it's her present for herself.
Wow what a fucking great birthday. It's boring and I don't know what to do with it. Even a real
horse would have been better but still a goddamn waste of time and money. How do I get her to bring
that piece of s back? I don't want it. F. Does she know that like a pony will become horse?
Given infinite amount of time and oats horse do pony do become horse. Right. Pony be horse.
Ponies be horses. That was actually one of my professors in college. Dr. Ponies be horses.
Um man I what kind of lack of imagination does this does this what do I even do with this what
do I do with this you can do anything with it dress him up take him to sheriff take him into
the woods and go on an adventure with him reenact the first scene from walking dead yeah well not
the part one okay not that you know that you could pretend like you're um like a kentucky lawman
yeah yeah you can play little justified dress him like a horse and dress him like a dog and then
walk him in the park that just really fuck with people just really mess with people also like
okay from a functional standpoint it we i think we've covered the fact that there's infinite
things you can do with a small horse hopefully we've did with this vertical slice of course
possibilities we've demonstrated that but i think of it also as a status symbol here's what you do
you call your friends over and say check out this fucking small horse i got you got one of your
friends over like i got a new xbox game and they're like is that a horse in your backyard
like oh yeah yeah yeah but check this out yeah check out my tony hawk jump is that do they still
make tony hawk no tony hawk's just there her mom buys her a lot of shit sure you bought me a young
tony hawk i hate it it's boring and i don't know it'll never be able to do the 900 it will someday
it's some kid shit just feed it some oats i can't believe that even i i don't got place for a horse
in my house it would just eat up the herb garden um but i would still be kind of psyched to have
one you know what i mean now a horse does seem like one of those things that i would be psyched
to have for like a week and then the reality of the situation would sink in and i'd be like oh
i can't do i don't know where to keep this aren't there places there are places like people run
places to put horses right nope oh no no they haven't invented that yet no too bad that's a
good idea you should kick start that thank you you should kick start it can you think of really
quick off the top of your head what you would call it uh horse homes no horse homes horse hook
hoof in and hook in and it's i nn right exactly i'm not sure mine was better i'm not sure business
like that would be stable trev oh christ see what we did i did see it it's you can't unsee it now
this arrow in the fedex logo i usually i like to stay away from derogative terms that people use
for women but i'm gonna have to bust it out in this instance because this this young lady is
being a real fussy hussy oh man don't see any other way around it can you call it out like i
can see it i guess she is being kind of a fussy hussy what kind of person when given a horse by
their parents no matter what age you are goes oh fuck you mom no i get i get it this mom's pulling
this shit all the time she buys her like a uh the the lynda ronstadt record that she didn't get
there's a signed david cassidy poster exactly exactly and she's not thinking about how the fact
that she wants she wants like backstage passes to see neo or drake she did you know what this seems
like i bet you that this situation could really be mended with a little freaky friday magic oh man
but then what if the mom's like no this is great that's what i'm saying i don't want to switch back
freaky friday magic it this this girl is obviously she she hates her childish things she she's 13 for
fuck's sake you know what i mean she wants to be if she was 41 all the better and the mom would be
like cool i'll take your kid body yeah now that i'm 32 i can attest to the fact that any freaky
friday situation that i was in would not culminate with me trying to find a gypsy to reverse the
spell it would culminate in me buying a bus ticket and getting the hell away from whatever could
reverse this because oh my god i have it back again whatever this was i have the gift the inner
the gift the inner the life the vibrance trapped in the 42 year old body going everything hurts
and i gotta pee all the time and i'm sad for no reason and the adult and the kid body being like
fuck y'all and i'm out i'm gonna go burn a truck down or something i'm so vibrant and full of life
and the the kid in the adult body is like why am i gleaning satisfaction from a clean house
what has happened to me good night sleep you say yes please that sounds fantastic i gotta turn in
i'll take your fucking pony i'll take your fucking pony you're ungrateful you're angry
are there any yahoo answers people volunteering to take the pony off their hands because that's
what someone on yahoo answers really needs is pony access poor uh morbert altison says poor pony
frown face i'm sure it doesn't feel that way about you try being friends with it
you don't think it's for one moment that the horse goes i wish you would just come out here what you
think that pony rolls up day one and the little girl's like you are a waste of money that pony's
not gonna be like well fuck you too then you realize i'm fucking majestic right right like
i'm the i'm god's most majestic creature and yes my some my fee was a little exorbitant
but you you know what i mean you just gotta spend money to make ponies you can't make it
on without breaking a few ponies exactly i can't imagine that like a horse that isn't gonna get
ridden all the time isn't kind of jazzed about that because the horse will still get fed oats
and that's all horses care about so the horse can keep living its life and it's like if there
was a such a thing as a sentient backpack full of concrete that i had to wear from time to time
i would not want to be buzzed with it i would not have it look into in my charcoal dead eyes
and my four beautiful powerful legs and and if it looked at me and didn't think like oh i'm gonna
climb on your back and be really heavy and try to let you try to break your spirit like break you
break you that's the terminology people use for horses you know yeah break him yeah like um i
think the pony's gonna like him from afar one of the yahoo answers users said uh tell your mom
quick you don't want it and you want her to take it back can you imagine that pony store like seeing
her walk up with the pony and she's like yeah she wanted to return it and they're like a non-starter
she wants she wants to she want i don't under i don't even understand what you're saying this
child didn't want the pony we don't have hey dale do we have a return policy we don't we never we
never pinned one because this is this is fucking unthinkable let me call hq no okay i called pony
hq this has never happened this is literally the first time i guess you can have your money back
but it's it's used now we're just gonna shoot it it's already formed the bond with one that's
imprinted like we can't give it to someone else she's just gonna keep showing up in your backyard
right and especially when your daughter has her life threatened because the pony has a life debt
after your daughter so of course she's going to be there when she's in danger right oh god no i
think you can reverse a pony imprint i think if i went up to this pony with a teaspoon of sugar
you'd be like oh you're my i guess i'm yours now oh peanut butter life life life that's on you
you i'm a sophomore in college and i'm not having any fun because i have no friends i have the
opportunity to transfer to a school where i already know people the problem is all my credits
won't transfer if i stay where i am i will be able to graduate in a year but if i leave i have to stay
two more years do you guys think i should go and have fun or stay and graduate early friendless in
philly friendless in philly wait please stop don't please please don't graduate college please yeah
you gotta transfer you gotta actually just keep transferring just transfer as many times as you
can van wilder just don't leave please don't leave college please here's the thing i didn't learn
shit in college i didn't sorry dad but i didn't but what i did learn is how to how to fucking
party you know what i mean that's that's real that's legit those life experiences that's not
just van wilder movie magic it's legit and it happens and you gotta be a part of it hey i wanna
uh i wanna offer you a secondary theory maybe just something to keep in mind uh when you go
to your new school because you have to go to a new school trust me please don't ever leave college
uh but i would say that to someone in elementary school or middle school or high school either and
i don't think those are great life choices either to try to stay in those but there you go um i
think you scissors teach gotta stick around another year well two plus two equals four
no problem day one got it what you got what else you got uh i i um it sounds to me if unless my
math is off that you are talking about how you're going to graduate college in three years i would
posit the theory that maybe you might be having more fun and have more friends if you weren't
taking like an insane course load like because it sounds like you're trying to jam a lot of college
into three years oh i see what you're saying am i doing the math wrong they said they're a sophomore
they're going to graduate in a year like yeah i wouldn't think you'd have much time for friends
really it's not like you're saying you're going to be there for five or six years you're going
to be there like the normal four yeah i mean that's normal if you're going for you know like
a normal bachelor's yeah degree yeah if you if you didn't do it in four years then you're not
you're abnormal is it travis is basically saying you're an idiot monster creep if you did listen
normal is such a flexible term right well let's just let's just raise our hands let's just do a
really quick round the well because i'm i i know for certain but it's just you know it's just for
the radio audience that everybody on the podcast did it did it in four so um just just getting that
fact out there and just putting it out there for everybody well well well you know i think shorter
than four is weird but longer than four i feel like that is not an uncommon situation that people
find themselves in when they fail oh you mean like yeah i'm sorry of course justin i i god how silly
of me uh yeah if you go back for like your post-grad for like your master yeah yeah yeah
you know sometimes sometimes you end up in college for five years and you're not even sure about why
like because you took a year off to like really find oh yeah yeah or maybe you did like a you
know an apprenticeship somewhere i guess it's maybe okay what if you did take a year off
but you kind of burst it out through several afternoons
that's over the course of three years i took a year off let's yeah let's go with that that
sounds good that sounds real uh yeah i was in college for five years because i failed
spanish i don't really want to delve too deep into that i don't care can you speak spanish now
see which is the grade you got in the class the second
year i actually this i i don't know if i've told this particular anecdote before but i walked in
to my fourth like the fourth spanish class and i had not done well in any of my spanish classes
and i had to have this to graduate because of some sort of you know effort to make story
students more multicultural uh and i i walked in the fourth class and the man spoke nothing
but spanish and he would make homework assignments in spanish so of course i didn't do them i don't
speak spanish right so i failed it and then i had i retook a uh a spanish class it was more like
culture and that worked out a lot better yeah you had to learn how to make microwave nachos
um now let's go to the money zone
can you tell me about our first sponsor this week our first sponsor this week
is a a kickstarter for a full length motion picture comedy motion picture it's called the
origins of wit and humor uh it's by chicago's dime store films you can visit origins of wit
and humor.com for all the information about it uh here here is their their message i will i will
read their pitch verbatim it's a comedy about the neediness of comedy and trying to let sincerity
overcome our reflex to joke what else insecurities you betcha magical realism and eccentric
characters oh it gets freaky at origins of wit and humor.com you'll find our kickstarter page
a trailer for the film and slick incentives some that allow you to collaborate on the film
with a similar comic flavor to my bim bam and their own bob ball smooth mouth tones in the
trailer it'll be a treat from bim bam bim my bim man what the fuck my bim bam maniacs
thank you so go check it out go to origins of wit and humor.com um and listen i am just
listen to bob i have just kickstarted this project so everybody else better step on up
what's their goal what are they asking for what they want to get to is uh what they what they
want to reach is 15 000 15 g's that's nothing no you like sneeze and 15 000 comes out your butt
well that's come on guys you fucking greedy pigs they want 2000 of that is to pay bob ball right
now they're 5.6 thousand dollars and i think that we can do this we have 26 days and we willed the
us the bim bam binos willed into existence soap that stacks in on itself i think still using it
still using it still still rolling with it i think that we can will this film into existence
make sure when you make the movie if we get this funded i want them to agree to put someone in
a my brother my brother me t-shirt um in the movie you are and also i want to be up front
we will not supply the t-shirt you will buy the t-shirt when did you guys get so crass
when did you guys turn into these crass promotion you're just walking billboards at this point like
i used to do it for the love of the game now you guys are all just like put this put this button
on that baby you know what i mean yeah sure absolutely it's disgusting you know what speaking
of disgusting speaking now no i have bad news tell me fanny time is over what time is over
fanny time is over are you telling me fanny time has been compromised fanny time has been compromised
no you fucking got no this is good news because that was the weakest of all of the secret codes
that we've come up with i mean it is you're right can we talk about what fanny time can we set up
the time used to save you 20 at extreme restraints.com your home for a paddle that says slut on it
and many other adult super toys no sorry i messed that up it's a super store for adult toys the tall
the toys themselves i mean some are super but they are not supernatural uh although you would
have to have some supernatural holes to get some of these things into you it's a super store for
super toys for super people supernatural holes is the porn spoof of the tv show supernatural which
is not the most creative title it's really lazy actually supernatural fucking supernatural holes
is actually the slash fig for supernatural and the film holes have you guys seen batman sex
it's a batman porn spoof but it's just batman having sex with people i don't i don't really get
it i think they could have done more with it from super kink to your more uh conventional
experiences it's got everything you need to make your fucking super super special they have no one
has done as much to support the show including uh the people who are currently recording it
as extreme restraints.com uh and and you should go there and get just try something out broaden your
horizons but we're gonna need to give you a new code god damn it because apparently our code fanny
time was compromised is orb too short probably is and horse love is probably too crass sexual orb
would that work is that it's a little on the nose little on the nose can we go back to an old one
but no i don't think so um how about sweet dick mcgee how about just sweet dick sweet dick no
what's wrong with that mcgee and me mcgee kind of adds how about not a sex code is the password
because then it's uncrackable it's got you know what i mean it's got that swordfish technology
on top of it how about swordfish i'm cool with swordfish all right fuck it okay uh we named we
we selected a promo code based on our favorite john travolta film uh so and that has to do with
hacking the most accurate the most accurate depiction of hacking in a movie since ghost
writer so uh swordfish you promo code swordfish and you're gonna save 20 can we do can we change
it right now to ghost writer only it's like ride her you know what i mean no we can't because
that's really hard okay all right swordfish is the code you can save 20 uh on so go to
exchange.com save 20 with coupon code swordfish and uh get the fucking guys i want to talk about
marin you know marin yeah no no you dumb fucking asshole why don't you want to talk about cheech
marin i mean we can but that's we're not gonna get paid to do that oh you want to do it like
off show yeah we'll talk we'll we'll we'll you know we'll get back together after this show
we'll pencil in some time to talk about cheech do some cheech speech some cheech speechin uh
today we're talking about marin it's a new scripted comedy based on the life of podcast
comedian podcast comedian that works mark marin uh there is an all new episode this
friday at 10 p.m on ifc it's regular time on that particular network uh in the the show is
about mark marin who does a podcast which is very very good only it's a fictionalized take
on his life including his relationships his career and his incredibly popular podcast which
is wtf it takes a look at mark's day-to-day struggles uh to keep his uh relationships with
people going which is something i can certainly sympathize with and it features judd hirsch uh
and gina gershon and aubrey plaza and adam scott which my life does also so that's another thing
that we have in common right on this week's episode uh dennis leary sally kellerman and
josh bernard guest star so make sure you check it out friday's 10 p.m on ifc it's marin because
a podcast needs pic videos on it to show you it's a really weird slogan for the show i'm trying to
read the whole thing there's all these ellipses built into it send it back to the there's a
parentheses and a bracket here there's just a set of brackets around the set of parentheses i don't
know how to mathematical order of operations uh claire and ben have a special message from
mary natkin uh they say happy mother's day mombo you are the smartest funniest coolest mom ever
we know you have to spend all mother's day at graduation because you are a law professor like
a boss so we wanted to say we love you early we love you a million we love you times a million
and we can't wait to see you this summer xoxo claire and ben ps hey big wave dave we love you
too oh big wave dave was my favorite meet the deedles character i think i think it's supposed
to be big wave dave not big wave dave there's no okay i do feel i'm assuming a second check is
coming for this greeting we've just given to big wave dave i i really he got tacked on here at the
end and i also want to think that you've written this to your mother and also a local radio dj you
really like hey tune in 98.4 catch the big dave wave it's the big wave dave not the big dave wave
we've got the big dave wave that you crave here on 99.12 catch it i just want to say happy
anniversary to my lovely wife darlene and also just wanted to say what's up to cheater and the
scooch hope you guys are listening love your stuff hello i'm judge john hodgeman and i'm
bailiff jesse thorn can you force your girlfriend to listen to heavy metal music is a machine gun
a robot is it okay to take coupons out of the garbage if you're canadian what should you do
if your parrot attacks your husband can you prove that crank 2 is a good movie only one man can decide
judge john hodgeman if you have a case for the judge's court visit maximum fun org slash jj ho
if you just want to listen in find us on the web or free in itunes um do you guys want yahoo please
yes uh this yahoo was sent in by ira ray are you ira ray who wants to know i knew i knew it wasn't
going to go down the right way thank you ira ray it's by yahoo answers user ben one nine nine nine
nine who asks what is a normal day for your testicles i don't know goodbye honey i'm off to
work i don't know what is normal or not and i don't have the balls to ask my doctor but my
testicles swell and shrink back all day long sometimes it feels puffed out and hard like a
hard like a hacky sack ball other times it's like a loose change purse has been like this my whole
life and i never knew it was normal or not or what is normal asking the internet asking the internet
about your shrivel balls that's not normal i'm gonna go ahead and give you that one for free
ben 1999 you've come to the right place have you can we talk can we talk about this in a purely
clinical sense so that we don't get you i so we don't totally duck out the remainder of our
audience there's a real answer to this okay there is there's a real scrotum the scrotum
is the body's thermostat it's an amazing it's an amazing invention i'm glad somebody invented the
scrotum because we would have been in a real a real god verse into the other guy's room just
like i figured it out dave cracked it hey god i hate to bother you because i know you're busy
my balls suck right now can you can you can you can you maybe tweak the schematic a little bit
maybe let me see what i can do maybe get a little temperature control up in here i don't i don't
want to like i'm thank you for the life and the love and the good times and the livestock
they're just hanging but they're just hanging there and they are just freely affected by
temperature and changes barometric it all is bad but anytime the scrotum the scrotums are like an
overprotective mom at the slightest sense of danger she's like whoa hold on hold on wait
it's a little chilly let me bundle you let me hold you close come here come here let me just
get you got dinners ready in the pubis you know people didn't have scrotums when we were first
made god didn't actually invent scrotums until the year seven in the year seven god invented
he looked down upon his creation and said this will not do i have i have i'm gonna retcon this
so no one ever knows but uh oh all that stuff all that stuff in the bible about the scrotum
mistakes i need you to i need you to get out the white out strike that please strike that strike
that that was actually there's actually three time periods there's ad there's bc and then there's bs
mm-hmm do you guys think that god okay so god's omnipotent right yes do you think that god has
the ability to like yeah maybe god does make mistakes but after he does him he's like ah
ah me damn it i gotta go back and uh make a make the scrotums and but he like retcons right so he
goes back to adam and eve and he's like listen i'm gonna have to set this up for you right now
let me see your stuff real quick just for a second just get a leaf and turn it into a okay check it
out you're set i'm gonna go back to the present and see how this is affected things because i
bet it's like a really big change um you seem a lot more active now that there's a projection
around those people people don't just sit in corners with their hands cupping their testicles
oh which i imagine is a lot like the oud from uh from dr hair that's what we were before scrotum
um this guy has phrased this question in an uh extremely unorthodox manner
meaning on yahoo answers well yes but also what is a normal day like asking what a normal day is
is implies that there are diaries involved well you don't want to ask your doctor about
like what's it supposed to be like on the worst day of your scrotum's life
i guess that's true what's a great day for you what's like the best day for the scrotum for me
there's this one day where i just like sat around in the hot tub all day and really just kept my
legs spread really wide open and didn't do anything for me in middle school a great day
for my testicles was not being barraged upon there there was a a i'll call it a trend it was a it was
a trending hashtag at my middle school for uh young women uh to just kick the boys as hard as
they possibly could in the balls as with as much force as the end i mean women develop earlier
than men so their kick strength is like magnitudes stronger than ours uh and so bad was this so bad
was this uh this trend that they had to make like a loudspeaker announcer saying like hey everyone
can you stop fucking kicking them in the balls as hard as you possibly can middle school when
people talk about privilege uh i that's one of the things they forget you know oh yeah there's a
there what about your privilege maybe check your privilege teenage girls and stop kicking
uh men in the balls maybe do that and we can maybe start building some bridges here right help whenever
someone talks about something embarrassing with me i turn bright red i'm learning this at age 23
after spending years trying to develop a poker face is there a uh a way to stop this hue change
alternatively is this a skill i can use to my advantage and that's from um uh they've
used the uh they've used the uh hexadecimal code for red here i believe i'm not a computer programmer
but uh oh wait so are you are you asking how to stop being embarrassed or how to stop physically
showing it like i don't think they want to turn red like i think that they are it's like the poker
face you know what i mean like they don't want to be red when they're embarrassed because they want
to try to lie and say that they're not embarrassed you know what's an affectation no one uses
everybody has like top hats or like you know everybody has those everybody everybody has
a bolo tie you're saying what about a neutral mask i don't know what that means a neutral mask
it's like the plain white mask that has no facial expression oh that's all that a murderer would
wear yeah like a terrifying scary mask okay well are you travis somehow telling me that whatever
uh uh social issues this person aims to fix by not having their face turned bright red could
somehow be ameliorated in any way by wearing a murderer mask is that okay so what is okay so
picture this world poker tour champion i cannot even allow you this theoretical diversion you
can't wear reflective sunglasses but you can wear full face murder masks i feel like it's a really
good poi but it's like well i'm gonna lay this hand down so they don't kill me later yeah i bet
a dollar everybody folds please don't fucking stab us to death i bet one dollar and this knife
just gonna put it up here and put it over my cards i have a pair of knives stab stab stab stab
stab that's actually the plot of rounders too that they just one time i have a johnny choo
i've got a mask i've got a straight edge knife that you are now being killed with by me
that was that poker the poker poker you would have to kill i feel like you would
to cement that i feel like you would have to kill one person at a poker table and then after that
well yeah jussie you're not murdering hands you're not you're not murdering sweet pockets
you know what i mean that's what they call it when you win a pot and poke sweet pockets uh-huh
like you win one and then that guy who wears his glasses upside down is like oh sweet pocket
all right thank you like all sane people my favorite poker player is devil fish
oh man and he said that he got that name by playing against the the triad gangs
they called him the devil fish and i am just now at 32 years old here on this sunday morning
realizing that that story was probably bullshit it did not occur to me until this exact moment
thinking about devil fish that he probably did not get that name from triad gangs he probably
just got it from his uncle danny or something hard pill to swallow i guess but yeah but in
reality i have no idea why you turn red what are we what are we fucking scientists here yeah
i don't know science bros get really tan leather yourself up and no one will ever see tan mom
that's a suggestion you can make it's the worst suggestion maybe go in blackface okay that will
that won't be okay the red thing won't be a problem anymore so you'll have that going for
look we fixed your problem like some sort of demented genie we've corrected
corrected your problem but at what cost you know what you wish for
forever blackface you could probably get rid of a lot of social problems with blackface i mean
really i don't know how to talk to strangers well blackface will fix that blackface should fix it
yeah they're gonna know just what to say to you hey fuck you what are you doing with that makeup
you piece of shit i talked to me thanks brothers thanks guys if i ask this girl too soon will she
think it's weird well no she'll think it's weird because you're in blackface and there's your
opener hi i can't help but notice you saw hi i can't help but notice that my face is super racist
you don't have a drink can i get you something i live in a small college town i'm 31 years old
when i drive to my house which is close to the college campus i see some very beautiful girls
walking on the sidewalks what if any is the appropriate method of stopping to talk to the
girls oh my god i've attempted the classy could you give me directions to your heart not doesn't
seem to work so my bim bam any advice would be appreciated that's from pickup policy in pennsylvania
dude can they just go to class can you just let them learn can you just let them go and break the
glass ceiling and learn and become the future business leaders of america without you fucking
wolf whistling out your camaro please please if you want to meet college girls i have a suggestion
excuse me pardon me sorry college women i have a suggestion for you go to college go to college
it's the only man this question bums me out there is no can either of you brainstorm right now and
give me a situation where somebody yelling at you from their car may either stranger danger or a
trusted associate is a good thing because even when i'm like driving and i see a friend in their
car and they roll down their window to talk to me all i can think about is when that light turns
green i hope we're at a organic stopping point in the conversation because i'm just going to
speed off is there any situation where it's okay no there's like i can't even come up with a joke
answer please don't ever do that if you drive past someone and you hear someone yell at you
yeah as they're driving past it does not matter what they say that all of a sudden you are in the
most unpleasant experience let's air out let's air out our dirty laundry okay we used to do this a
lot okay we used to live next to a park where that had a big walking path right next to the road
so we would yell at people as we drove by when we were high school college age
right but we would yell compliments at them right like hey cool jeans
and it's a smart top is the nothing sexually charged nothing that was not our seat no no
it's not like that like yell things like you're making great time yeah yeah this is your best
lap ever keep it healthy but we knew and still the facial reactions from the people were like
you yelled nice cans you know it's always like what fuck you because people just they're gonna
react that way because you're yelling at them you're yelling at them and you're in a car it's
like they're everybody's worst nightmare sentient car i also would say i would rather have someone
yell at me as they drive by then like pull up to the curb and slide to a stop and right so
that's talk to me that's a that's a horse of a different color entirely and i can't it's never
happened to me obviously every every every muscle and bone in your body is devoted to sending the
the visual signal that you were unapproachable even when griffin wears his sweet short shorts
no one's ever pulled out to the side of the right you want to wear champion pants nobody pulls up
there's never been a crossroads-esque scenario that has unfolded organically to me nobody's
even asked for directions because i always look lost i always have my phone up people just assume
i'm google mapping wherever i am um it's not happened to me so but i don't want the whole
podcast to become about that i've lived a good life full life i regret nothing i regret absolutely
nothing but i like if i was if the shoes were reversed the problem would be super uncomfortable
shoes are designed to go on a very specific way but don't hit on women outside of cars
you still can't you relationships are not available through drive-through this is the exact
same uh that you know what this reminds you it's like the same thing with the bank teller question
right can i hit on uh women who are working at the bank as i drive through and the answer is no
no like you cannot pick up anybody you can't ask someone out on a date if you have like
an immediate convenient means of egress like that's cheating yeah and everybody knows it's
also symbolically like symbolism there is very scary because it's saying like get in i'm gonna
take you away it's really frightening like it's a very intimidating position to try to be coming
from it's terrible um especially in this day and age because in every movie or like la law you know
law and order tv show sure someone pulling up in a car and going hey exactly that's exactly so
buffalo bill kind of fucking poisoned the well here for the rest of us because i bet you unless
you know their code word ours was duck tales oh well now that you fucking told everybody
what our kid code word that was our code word if our parents set someone to pick us up they had to
give us a specific code word which i am revealing this now uh i think we're safe i think we're out
of the woods they give us a specific code i'm gonna be honest with you guys if someone rolled
up right now i was like hey your dad's having to pick you up duck tales okay here we go man
wow our parents really went to the cryptographer with that one duck tales capital capital d and
the l is a one oh you got it perfect perfect swordfish unhackable yeah let's get in what did
you say your name was i don't think my dad knows anybody with that kind of mustache but you said
duck tales so let's fucking roll let's party you either know my dad or you know all about duck
tails either way we are hanging you know what i love is our parents set that up and then we walked
home from school every day so it was like you created a barrier and then you left the gate open
what i'm saying is that if you are if you are a child predator in the 90s and you know that you
have to hack that password it's got to be like you get you're walking home and you pull up and
you're like hey team and team ice cream got a tail spin muppets muppet babies duck tales yes
like our minds from mars yes yes yes yes yes i would get into an unmarked van in venezuela
if the person opened the door and said duck tails to me senior senior ducktales oh okay
sure no problem are you gonna chop my head off and whoa you did what life really is like a hurricane
okay okay is that something that everybody had my stranger stranger password suggestion
didn't our parents didn't think that came from like gruff mcgruff whatever his name was our
parents the crime wolf take a chomp out of crime bite a criminal literally in west virginia we
couldn't afford the illegal wolf i'm i'm dale the justice bobcat don't don't be a pussy fight crime
that's my slogan get in the car coward
not riding over the strangers just admitting your weakness why don't you start hitting the gym
oh blast your belts and maybe you can take down attackers that candy does look pretty good
why don't you like candy i'm gonna come at you now i'm gonna come at you now and i need you to
flip me like you flip an attack there was what do you do you guys think there was one kid throughout
history that a did go for the candy got the candy and escaped what i'm saying to you is maybe instead
of a always terrible idea to get to go with strangers with candy maybe it's just a really
risky one that you really have to be able to follow through on like what are the house odds
there yes it doesn't there is no candy sweeter than the candy that you snag out of that bear
trap you know you gotta do that like uh that training montage take the pebble from my hand
kind of thing and you got the candy and you're out i think our parent i think we can all agree
that our parents did a bang-up job in every respect of child raising they they succeeded
but i do question the fact that they even had an addendum to the sentence don't get in a car with
a stranger unless uh this has been my brother my brother me it's an advice show for the modern era
we sure hope you enjoyed it and had as much fun as we did uh because because we do we enjoy doing
this program for you week in week out uh hey if you want to share our show with somebody we have
super exciting a brand new brand new sampler sampler 2013 uh it is available at bit.ly forward
slash my bim bam 2013 uh thousands have already uh watched this this sampler and they have enjoyed
it against their their uh their better judgment and um and remember it's not just for you to
enjoy because you're already listening to the episode it's for you to pass around and share
with your friends so you know if you're sitting there waiting for something to happen be like oh
check out this uh youtube video if you're sitting there waiting for something oh come on general
sucks so fucking bored so go go there and do me a favor and just it's got this whoa ninjas
is and then ninjas this one's much better because it's got time codes i'll let you skip to specific
bits it's got uh notation annotations that say when each bit is from like what episode each one
is from uh and it's great so bit.ly forward slash my bim bam 2013 we'll be sure to thank some people
on the show that uh that have shared that and thanks to those who have already uh been been
spreading the word this week like blue nicole uh nick montesanto he's a new new uh nick montesano
he's a new new listener tyler matheson alexander franson garrett brown naven ready uh yara bendor
master mary b danny rose cannon peter williams alex drum robert david um dime store films
i also want to make sure you guys remember to check out uh the new episode of marin this
friday at 10 o'clock on ifc uh it's got special guest stars dennis leary sally kellerman and josh
brenner make sure you check it out it's hilarious and you're gonna love it so ifc 10 o'clock nine
central uh fridays be there b square to be fair be cube you don't want to be like cube do you
cube miss marin yes cube didn't cube forgot to set dvr yeah i know cube now neither one of us gets
to watch marin uh i want to thank john roger in the long winters for the use of our theme song
into departure which is on the album putting the days to bed which you can find on on digital
retailers like amazon itunes um now that's what i call music 15 now that's kind of called music 15
was fucking hip i don't know if you guys listen to it but there's a lot of uh a lot of alt rock on
there that uh the kids just can't get enough of paramore what paramore paramore that new fallout
boy track hey uh uh thanks so much for joining us guys seriously griffin do you have any more
questions like lying around maybe let me just rummage through my my sack yeah uh this one
is sent by drew davenport thank you drew it's by yahoo answers user josh who asks
where does the fire go when the fire goes out
i'm just mcroy i'm travis mcroy it's been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on
the lips maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
