The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Thank you for that.
And I'm going to need about half of you to leave.
There's too many human beings in this room to watch us do our dick goofs.
I pooped my pants at the drive-over.
I didn't want you guys to be the ones to put me on blast on the drive to Chicago and poop
my pants.
Justin turned to us while we were downstairs in the backstage area, and he said, don't
worry guys, I got the opener, I got it covered.
I knew that one of you motherfuckers, if I was like, we worked our way around to it,
all you would need to hear are the words poop or pants, and you'd be like, you know, I know
somebody who pooped his pants accidentally.
That reminds me of an anecdote.
So there, I'm the one who said it, I'm owning it.
Here's what happened, Charlie pooped her pants, and Justin was like, I can't let her take
all this heat.
No.
This is on me.
I thought it was a dress rehearsal, and my butt thought it was opening night, and describe
to them, describe, no, but you guys are getting, okay, get ready, this is the show now, because
you're getting 10% of the goddamn story right now.
My wife kept asking.
The 90%, the iceberg below the surface that you don't know is the window of time in which
this catastrophe elapsed, Justin, in which the prolapse elapsed, do you want to go ahead
and tell us?
We were leaving Milwaukee, we'd been on the road for two minutes, and we had been talking
about how the architecture of Milwaukee was very varied.
And Justin suddenly dropped out of the conversation rather quickly, saying, huh, look at that
industrial build.
This is strange, because this is one of Justin's favorite conversation topics.
Where'd you go, man?
You really dropped the ball.
Turns out, he shit his pants.
In like two minutes, we literally just left the hotel.
And then he was like, we should really stop and get gas before we go too much farther.
And I was like, yeah, we need gas really bad, we should stop somewhere right away.
I don't care if we're on the road or not.
My wife kept asking me, how did it happen?
It's totally the usual, right?
It's very erudite of her, as she usually is.
It's a fucking terrific question, Justin, how did it happen?
You're a 30-something adult man.
What I can't say is, it just happened.
She said, it doesn't just happen.
Just keep living.
Life finds a way, baby, chaos theory.
Put that drop of water on your hand, it's not going to roll the same way, because you
shit your pants, and it puts some fucking English on the ball or something.
I don't know.
I changed the course of human history.
You changed the course of our history.
This episode's history has been diverted, I would say.
Is anybody here never listened to our show before?
It's okay.
That's actually a lot of people, actually.
I'm kind of uncomfortable now.
It doesn't always start this way.
What we do, we usually don't shit our pants.
Yeah, it's not our M.O., it's self defecation.
Sydney really freaked me out, she said, no, it's like breaking the seal.
Once you poop your pants in adult life, you're just this sort of person.
She's a doctor.
She's a doctor.
She knows what she's talking about.
We take questions, and we turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
See, typically in the intro, we establish that we are authority figures on something,
and thereby we are able to give advice.
I'm an authority figure on honesty.
Yeah, I guess.
On forthrightness.
On coming clean.
What is our first question?
Chicago has a long history of impressively manly mustaches, a la Mike Ditka.
Oh, what's up Chicago?
There's a certain amount of authority that comes with some thick Tom Selleck lip foliage.
What, as a lady, can I develop as a feature that gives me that instant air of authority?
That's from number one Hunnidoll watch fan, and I have one for-
So sorry for your loss.
So sorry.
So sorry to lose the classic bit.
And I have one more for you, and it is unibrow.
You're saying that's like a high mustache.
It takes the mustache, and it moves it up here.
Unibrow, it raises the handlebar.
That's good.
You should be the brand manager.
I'm the brand manager.
He's the madman of unibrows.
Picture this.
John Hamm reclining next to a pool, unibrow, no lettuce, just that, and everyone goes,
good look.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's good.
That's good.
You got the deal.
Also, you're drunk at work.
Go home.
John Hamm.
Whoa.
You know what's weird?
The premiere of Mad Men is airing right this very second.
Yeah.
So none of these people got that joke.
No spoilers.
Because obviously they've never seen the show before.
No big Mad Men fans.
I assume you'd be home.
What about a mustache and a unibrow?
It's just a big fucking hairy equals sign on your face.
You guys know that it's not like everyone can grow a unibrow by choice.
If they just let go of their will for a second.
I can't.
I can't grow a mustache.
Oh, God.
I lost my concentration.
Right.
Yeah.
People only spend 10% of their brains because the other 9% are like, don't you grow hair
between my eyebrows.
Don't you do it.
Don't do it.
Oh, man.
Mad Men's on.
Poof.
Shit.
Yeah.
With the Limitless pill, you can grow it.
No.
You could do a beehive hairdo.
That's good.
No one says shit to that lady.
No one's ever cut her in line and expected her to be like, oh, whatever.
You got it.
They're afraid to cut.
They're for bees.
Yeah.
No, Trav.
They don't.
What about the renaissance?
You know, when they put the bird cages in their giant hairstyle?
Oh, with the living bird.
With the living bird in there?
You could just do that.
I'll do bird.
That's a real power move.
That's great because it says, I don't care about living things.
Including myself.
Including myself.
Especially myself.
I'm willing for an hour of beauty to be shit on until I get this thing out because that
is what happened, you guys.
They weren't like thinking about the bird's well-being at that point.
It wasn't a pet.
You're such an activist up here, man.
I'm just saying.
Like, you should be keeping this to the goofs.
We lost a lot of good birds.
You're getting a little preachy about hair birds.
The hair.
It's an epidemic.
Everybody has it for just pennies a day.
You could save these hair birds.
How about a...
I feel bad for those birds, though, because you know they had to have a moment where they
look around like, this is much worse than freedom.
I'm in a lady's hair.
I think I'm going to die now.
And if enough of that happens enough times, eventually you're Brenda Fricker from Home
Alone 2.
And her weird hair bird goes.
Wait, no, you're not, though, because she didn't kill birds with her hair.
Not in the scenes that you saw.
Oh, it hit the cutting room floor.
Get the Blu-Ray, motherfucker.
It's all there.
No, I feel like we can't leave in the scenes where Brenda kills the birds with her hair.
It just sends the wrong message.
Too much for kids.
That's why every movie has that disclaimer.
No animals, including birds, were harmed in the making of this production.
They had to put that as the Fricker clause.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yes, please.
Oh.
Ooh.
A lot of Yahoo answers fans in the audience.
This one was sent in by Ira Ray.
Are you Ira Ray?
Oh, man.
That's too dumb a goof to, like, get a call and response for.
Apparently not.
Thank you, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
The website won't load.
No dogs allowed.
I don't think, yeah.
Let's say Jordan.
Jordash.
Jordash asks.
Jordash asks, any ideas for a sexy tongue trick?
At parties, girls will tie knots in cherry stems and the guys will think it's hot.
I can do it too, but I wanted to know if there are other tricks like the cherry stem one
that I can do to impress everyone.
Has any dude ever seen a girl tie a cherry stem with her tongue and thought, that's hot.
She could probably tie my wiener with her tongue.
I think it's scientifically proven that it can't be done, right?
That's crazy.
You don't have tongue fingers.
What skill does that indicate that a dude's like, awesome.
Awesome.
Cool.
I'd love for you to tie it in a knot.
I love it when she twists my wiener.
Usually the secret is, you know, your stuff already tied one down your lip and you switch
them out.
Whoa.
Hold on.
Hold on behind the magic.
Behind the magic.
Behind the sex magic tricks.
I need to go Lance Burton on you guys, but that was the breaks.
Hey, Lance keeps his mouth shut.
What I'm saying is maybe it doesn't have to be a tied cherry stem.
What if you put a regular cherry stem in there, you pull out a stick of Juicy Fruit.
Now, basically I see that shit coming.
That's sexy.
What if you went around- Is it?
Wait, hold on.
Is it?
You pull out some soggy Juicy Fruit and it's like, oh, I'm bonered.
I'm 34.
I have literally no way of knowing.
Can you just go around the party untying everybody else's tied cherry-
What a wait.
Hold on.
Let me see that.
What have you tied?
Give me that.
God.
You're welcome.
This was a perfectly good cherry stem.
What about a whole orange?
You put a whole orange in your mouth.
And you peel it?
Like Mr. Peepers.
And then you pull out a peeled orange.
That's how Houdini died.
It's not.
I used to have a pretty good sexy tongue trick when I was younger, where I would make a spit
bubble and blow it off- Oh no, this is the fucking worst trick in
the universe.
And everyone saw it and went, I want to have sex with that cherry.
You don't understand.
He's not talking about blowing spit bubbles like the rest of us normal non-reptilian human
beings do.
He could like- You know.
David Bowie labyrinth like, whoo.
He could.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
No, this is not.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
This is not going to be a bit, because I used to be able to blow them and then blow them
off the tongue.
But the secret is you have to blow them with a dream.
And you have to whisper a dream into them.
And I don't have any of those anymore.
So it's just a regular spit bubble on the tongue like a peasant.
And I'm not going to embarrass myself in front of the Athenians.
Yeah.
In Chicago.
The man who just admitted to shitting his pants 20 minutes ago.
I got another question coming in hot.
There's a girl in one of my classes who cuts her fingernails during literally every class.
Right?
This is a challenging episode.
It's a small class, only 12 people, and we sit around one big square table across from
which I can clearly watch her cutting her nails every day twice a week.
We're talking full out nail clippers, little pieces of fingernail flying across the table,
clicking noises, the whole deal.
Clicking noises?
Yeah.
We'd assume they're clicking.
Well, because of her mandibles.
Yeah.
This doesn't seem to be bothering anyone else, but it's awful, right?
Yeah.
Am I insane?
And if not, the bigger question at hand is how do I stop this monster without making
it awkward?
And that's from Confrontational Clippings in Chicago.
What are you here?
Right there.
Hey.
Is it possible that everyone else in the class are gaslighting you?
Yeah, it sounds to me.
Because it is impossible that there are, what, class of 12, so 10 other people, non-clipper,
non-you, that are not upset by this.
Because you're sitting in a square which is a shape where everyone's looking at each other.
So like, they know.
They know.
Have you not exchanged words with the other people in class, like, hey, what the fuck,
what's going on?
We should all drop this class, right?
Yeah.
Because it's obviously some, it's like in movies and TV where they have the psychology
class, but really they're not the students, they're the subjects, and you're being wilded
out on.
We're being...
Wait, wilded out wasn't the trick show, that was Punk'd.
Punk'd was the trick show, everybody.
It was the...
Wait, which one was wilded out?
That was the one where, I don't know, it wasn't the prank show, though, I know that for god
damn sure.
We're being too hard on this woman.
Maybe this is the only free time she has to clip her nails, single mom, doing her best,
non-traditional student.
It's the one time of the week she gets to clip her nails and take a moment for herself.
Maybe there's something about the environment that is conducive to nail clipping.
Maybe there's a lot of dreams on the floor.
Yeah, like her god damn kids aren't there for a second.
Judging her for her fingernails.
Judging her, mommy, please pick me up with your long nails.
I can't.
Hook me through the suspenders.
Hook me through the suspenders with your long nails.
The problem is, it's not once a week.
It's twice a week.
It's twice a week.
It is two times a week.
Who cuts their god damn fingernails twice a week?
Okay, the Tuesday is a cut.
It's gotta be Tuesday, Thursday, right?
This is a class.
Is it Tuesday, Thursday?
Okay.
Oh my god.
Within 72 hours, how much of vitamin D?
Yeah, it's D. Don't stay out in the sun too long, because then you go back in and it's
like, oh god, no.
I'm Wolverine.
Wolverine can only use his special powers if he gets affected by D.
He's solar powered.
I'm so, so.
Superman's solar powered.
It's not that weird.
I'm so sunburned, but luckily I can scratch wicked good right now.
Tuesday is the real cutting day.
Yeah, that's for aesthetics.
Thursday, maintenance.
Cuticle work.
Clean up.
Cuticle work.
Filing.
Thursday is for the ones she missed?
Thursday is the ones she missed.
Oh, I left a lot of corners.
Tuesday, trimming.
Wednesday, leg day.
Thursday, clean up.
Eat clean.
Train dirty.
I don't want to be in her Wednesday class.
Yeah, Wednesday.
Sorry, what was that gym slogan you just posted out?
Eat clean.
Train dirty.
Yeah, okay.
I saw it on a t-shirt in the Wisconsin Dells, and it made a lot of sense.
We're big fans.
We're big fans.
Please, God.
We talked about the Wisconsin Dells for like 15 minutes during last night's show in Milwaukee,
and it was unlistenable.
How about a Yahoo!
Answer?
Yeah.
You'll get it in post.
This Yahoo! was sent in by Rachel Near.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo!
Answer's user, Violetta, who asks, what does it mean?
When a guy texts a girl a sad wink emoticon.
Get ready for some really solid audio, people at home.
It looks like this, and then it's a semicolon and a frown thing, so like...
Can you guys see that on the Jumbotron pretty clearly?
The one I'm assuming is trained on us?
You're all doing it right now.
What does it mean when a guy texts a girl a sad wink emoticon?
What did I say?
Wish I was in you.
Travis!
I said what you said with different words!
Yeah, you borrowed a serial killer's tongue.
I wish you were the canvas on which I could paint my virginal masterpiece.
Oh, no.
Whoops.
This is it.
This fucking question's over now, it's done.
You guys killed it.
You're the unspoiled pasture on which I'll plant my seeds.
Oh, man.
Is it possible...
Anything's possible now.
Is it possible he said that he wants to have sex when he lost his eyeball?
Today?
No.
Oh, why'd I climb that tree?
Why'd I climb that tree?
The leading cause of eyeball fatalities?
Eyeball allergy.
It's got pointy stems and shit.
Yeah, sure.
I don't get out in nature a lot.
I work on the internet.
No, it makes a lot of sense.
It's got pointy stems and shit.
Whoa, I just got a text alert here.
Breaking news.
Haunted doll watch.
We got a fresh haunted doll coming in hot.
If you want him, Terry Gross, come and claim him.
Come and get me, Terry.
For those of you who haven't listened to the show before, Terry Gross tried to kill her
podcast.
Haunted spirit doll, genie, caution, porcelain doll, five years, orbs, ghosts, EMF.
Let me see.
It's more SEO themed.
She's very...
I don't like that one bit.
Do not like it.
That's the most present any of these doll faces has ever been.
Here's a general disclaimer about ghosts in dolls.
All spirits take on a special vessel to claim as their home until the point that they do
cross over the other side.
That may take months.
Boring text.
Come on.
No, wait, listen.
That's going to take months or thousands of years to do so.
If you choose a doll to live in for thousands of years, you should have...
It's rent control.
I get a really good rate on this doll.
I got a great deal on this doll.
You guys are focusing on the thousands of years.
I focus on the months because it's never less than two months.
I'm still unpacking this doll.
I haven't even found the good restaurants around the doll yet.
Just like us, there's a lot to unpack here.
If you guys are going on one of your comedy bits every time...
I'll focus up.
This is fucking breaking news.
They claim a host for different reasons just like us.
They may want it to look a certain way for whatever reason that may be.
If they are shy, they may want a mean look.
If they're mean, they may want a shy look.
You can't trust them.
Get a tattoo of this, everybody.
There is absolutely no rhyme or reason of what goes on in the spirit world.
That's some racist shit, it seems like.
They probably have a pretty goddamn good reason for doing what they do.
We just don't understand it.
Jeannie was an only child.
Born to a couple that had waited until they had their career set and were ready to raise a child.
Their names are Joyce and John and they were in their mid-30s.
You're just pulling this out of your ass.
Hold on.
Yes, Travis?
Joyce, John and Jeannie?
Joyce, John and Jeannie, that's what they were doing.
The family resided in New York but had two homes.
The other was in North Carolina, way up in the mountains.
Jeannie's father had a pilot's license and a small private plane.
Jesus Christ!
Okay, fuck you.
Sorry, this is what it says.
They traveled back and forth and Jeannie loved to be in the air.
And she would have her cute little clothes on and hug her daddy's neck every time.
Just before she was strapped in for the ride.
Jeannie, at this point, you may be suspecting that Jeannie dies in a plane crash.
No, she doesn't.
The plane crashes.
Hatch it.
She survives.
No.
Just tale of harrowing.
That would be too obvious.
When her mother was sick one winter, Jeannie was five years old.
Jeannie and her daddy decided to go it alone.
His mother did not want them to miss the huge Christmas tree her grandfather had cut down and decorated just for little Jeannie.
It is so unfortunate to say that Jeannie and her daddy...
No, stop right there.
You got me invested.
You got me invested.
Please don't kill this child.
She's alive right now in my mind, and if she's dead, it's your fault.
You're the killer.
It is so unfortunate to say that Jeannie and her daddy crashed as they were coming across the North Carolina line.
The plane had engine trouble, and they looked at Jeannie and told her he loved her as his eyes were pouring tears.
And they went down and crashed in a field!
This is a doll!
Told her this!
This is what...
I don't think any of this is true.
That doll was lying.
She is...
Let's talk about Jeannie the doll.
She is very...
That's a very glamorous fucking story to make up, too.
Yeah, my daddy was a pilot.
Pilot is a plane.
You fell down some stairs.
We had two homes.
Nice try.
You climbed a tree wrong.
You climbed a tree wrong.
You lost your eye and you died, Jeannie, if that is your real name.
She is very spoiled.
She has got her little mouth on her as well.
She says she's not a bad girl, but then she'll haul off and scratch a chair or a table with her nails.
She's a doll.
She will get into your makeup.
And she loves to spray hairspray in her hair.
She...
Madam?
Madam.
Madam.
You're raising a doll as a baby.
Stop it.
It's not...
Is it possible Jeannie is her cat?
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Why do I have to feed my doll?
This doesn't make sense.
She says she likes her hair.
She wears a bonnet so she does not get made fun of.
She says she'll punch someone with that.
Look at that stupid fucking doll.
Nice hair.
Doll.
Got him.
Jeannie shows orbs and casts a bright light around her when she is happy.
It's always orbs.
Just to fucking recap, Jeannie is on sale for $45.
Jeannie glows magic baubles when she's...
But 45, I'll let it...
No, 50?
Far too much.
But what it doesn't say is it takes a lot to make Jeannie happy.
You gotta really go out of your way.
We just spent like $60 on pizza.
We could have gotten three hot and reddies and a hearted-ass doll instead.
Jeannie is a clumsy spirit...
Jeannie is a clumsy spirit child.
She runs funny.
Almost like her feet want to cross each other.
But she's already afraid of being made fun of, you dick.
Yeah.
She also runs funny.
She's got stupid hair.
Jeannie's spirit vessel is a very clunky doll.
She floppies around everywhere and is a handful.
I never let a spirit child go out the door without first explaining where they are going.
To the doll.
Now listen.
If I search YouTube tonight, I want to find clips of that exact scenario happening.
Hey champ, I'ma listen.
I also package them very securely using a lot of new bubble wrap.
None of that used shit.
If it's used, you run the risk of it being haunted.
And then that's their whole fucking day.
If they're attached to a specific item that will go with them at some times, that is their comfort item.
So sometimes they have accessories.
Haunted accessories.
I don't know what to tell you, officer.
The doll loved this bag of weed.
Run it through the spectrometer.
That shit ain't mine.
It's covered in spiritual residues, officer.
Better luck next time.
This beludable cocaine might as well be called Slimer.
Look at this thing.
It's shooting off EMF and ectoplasm like crazy.
No returns.
I don't like this child.
What scenario do you pay $45 for a doll that shoots out glowing light when it's happy?
You said she was a handful.
She's pretty bland.
It's almost like she's made of plastic and cloth and just sits there on the table.
Haunted doll watch.
That's haunted doll watch.
Haunted doll watch.
Sorry, Terry.
Boy, this really takes me back.
I like listening back to this because it makes me nostalgic for my human body.
Yeah, it seems like so long ago when Griffin wasn't covered in fur.
We haven't even talked about how this is going to affect our Pacific Northwest tour.
We won't be able to stay in non-pet friendly hotels.
We're going to have to really vacuum out the rental van.
You guys have to take me out for walkies.
We might have to stop the shows halfway through if you have to go potty.
We've got a lot to consider, but the thing that's on my mind the most is what are we going to put on his crotch?
Good news.
Me undies is there for humans and dogs, but not dogs.
That's probably not true.
It's only good for dogs that used to be humans.
Otherwise, it's just going to get confusing for the dog.
You've got to cut a little hole in the butt for a little tail to poke through.
Me undies is dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear that fit great,
don't ride up, and literally pull moisture away from your skin so that you're cool all day long.
Now, I don't make as much money now because I'm a dog and I make 50 cents on the dollar.
What can I do to knock the price of these fine underwears down to a more manageable level for a dog?
They're already pretty good.
You'd be paying twice this for this level of quality elsewhere,
but we can save you an additional 20% off if you go to meundies.com slash my brother,
and you get 20% off your first order plus free shipping.
On the checkout page, is there an option to pay with old bones and dead birds and bird bones?
There is, but you don't get the discount.
Son of a bitch.
Yeah, it's not available.
They get you coming and going when you're a dog everywhere.
Sorry, but I'll tell you what I'm not sorry about.
That's web design.
You haven't been sorry about web design since 03.
Yeah, I'm not sorry about my web design anymore.
I used to be very sorry, but you know what?
I'm not anymore.
Do you know why, Travis?
I'm going to take a shot in the dark here, Justin,
and say it's because you use Squarespace now.
What the hell is Squarespace?
It's an all-in-one website platform.
It makes it fast and easy to create your own professional website.
None of that shit website you get on like GeoCities that are all just dancing hamsters and shit.
Squarespace offers beautiful templates, integration with Google Apps, and getting images and features called cover pages.
Now, this is uncomfortable because next week we are going to be sponsored by GeoCities.
Oh, no.
That's going to be an uncomfy mea culpa.
Luckily, every episode is a new Travis, so it's like you reset when the episode ends,
and then we start over, and whatever future Travis says has nothing to do with what present Travis says.
Sort of like how I became a dog for this new season.
Yeah, sort of.
We basically prestige-drowned Travis, and then there's a new Travis,
and you never know which one you're going to get.
If Squarespace sounds good to you, you can start a free trial with no credit card required.
Just go to Squarespace.com and use the code MYBROTHER on one word,
and you'll get 10% off of your first purchase.
Squarespace.
Build it beautiful.
I would like to reread it like this with a comma in there.
Build it beautiful.
I like that better.
Yeah?
A little flirtatious?
A little like challenge?
Speaking of beautiful, here's a message for Brown, and it's from Frank.
And Frank says to beautiful Brown,
Hot bacon mess.
I hope you're having an amazing time in India, and hopefully the curry mouse hasn't eaten all your food.
I love you, and I miss your horse and two donks.
Hurry back.
Love, cheese mouse, and Chandler the dog too.
Sorry.
I got a little aggro there.
Just reading the name of another dog, it just fucking sets me off.
I see.
Travis, you got another message?
I do.
This is maybe my new favorite message.
It's for Christine from Daniel.
Daniel says, next time you go to the grocery store, could you pick up some tortilla chips?
We're out.
Well, not completely out.
There's some crumbs in the bottom of the bag, but if I dip those into salsa,
I'll probably get salsa on my fingers, and then I'll have salsa fingers.
Gross.
Also, FYI, I gave $100 to NBNBAM.
Love, Daniel.
Balancing your checkbook through a podcast that you listen to.
I love it.
I love it.
It's a service we provide that not a lot of people use.
Christine, if you want to take umbrage with Daniel's usage of your money to give to us,
just go to MaximumFund.org, first slash Jumbotron,
and buy another message telling him that he wastes his money.
Yeah.
Drafter responds.
Anyway, back to the show.
Thank you all for listening to it.
It is our last show in our Midwest tour, if you can call it that.
Three shows, in my opinion, does not a tour make.
It does.
Speaking of, we've got another tour coming up.
Oh yeah.
It's happening at the end of August, August 28th, 29th, and 30th.
We're going to be in Portland, Seattle, and Vancouver.
Portland is already sold out, but tickets are still on sale for Seattle and Vancouver.
If you go to bit.ly forward slash NBNBAM Seattle,
or bit.ly forward slash van NBNBAM, so V-A-N-M-B-N-B-A-M,
tickets are available there.
It's a signed seating, and they're going fast.
The show's still three months away, but by that time, there may not be tickets left.
So get them now.
Don't wait.
Thank you all for listening.
Thank you Chicago people who came to the show on Easter, which is crazy.
We really appreciate it.
It was a cool night.
It was a real cool night.
Here's more of it.
Let's get back to it.
Why don't you read this next question?
I'm very excited about it.
I live with two other people, one guy, one girl, and I think I better slow down.
I'm worried that by the end of the show, I'm going to be really drunk.
Like super duper drunk.
There are like 800 people that share the same concern right now.
I live with two other people, one guy, one girl, and I think my roommates are in love with each other.
They fall asleep next to each other on the couch every night and will talk on their phone for hours.
You're going to give that back, right?
Yeah.
For hours when one of them isn't at home.
One of them told me they were attracted to the other when they were drunk.
See?
Good things happen too.
They seem totally incompatible, but they're great roommates.
Should I try to get in the way of their love so they don't mess up the vibes for the three of us?
That's from thinking about cock blocking in Chicago.
P.S. I just found out the guys are virgin.
Is there a gentleman in the audience right now who just went, ha ha!
Oh no.
Oh damn.
Oh Jesus.
Oh golly.
Normally we are like, oh shucks.
Sometimes we're like, is this person here?
I don't want to know.
I'm afraid that might ruin just about everybody in the building.
Someone shoots their hand up and someone looks at them, hey, I live with you.
Wait a second.
What a coinkadoonk.
I love this question.
Because what it does is it gives voice to that element that lives within us all that says,
but what does this mean for me?
That sees two people cuddling on a couch and goes, but what if this hurts me in some way?
If Freud called it the ego, I call it the Travis.
If you were to cut a small scratch in Travis' sternum, it would step out of him.
And to me, these are equals three.
What's the game plan for splitting up?
Are you going to seduce both of them?
What do you think you're going to do?
The double fatal attraction.
This is a great question, because it's like, how subtle do you go?
When it's like, oh, cuddled on the couch, bed bugs.
Yeah, are you going to leave your dishes out?
And then it's like, oh man, Todd left the goddamn dishes out.
Maureen, I don't love you anymore.
Good work, Todd.
Your dishes made me not love Maureen anymore.
Todd, you ate all my ranch dressing.
I hate you, Maureen.
I had a big ranch dressing-themed night planned for myself and Maureen.
And you ruined it, and you parted the veil of love.
Only now do I see the truth.
We'd be awful together.
The ranch was keeping us together, and if it's this easy to take us apart, then what's the point?
What am I supposed to do with all this celery?
I could do ants on a log, but I mean, it would be a shame.
What's the point?
Let's talk about a Yahoo answer from the Yahoo answer service.
This one was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe.
It's by Yahoo answer's user, Julia M., who asks,
does insurance pay for ripping your butt open?
So.
So.
So I had this classmate rip her butt open.
Because she twerked so hard and fell and then ripped it.
Once again, because the next part's so great and I need to build up momentum.
So I had this classmate rip her butt open because she twerked so hard and fell and then ripped it.
I know, right?
What response are you anticipating?
The only thing that happened was, again, I know, right?
God.
Ah, Susan.
She's going to be two people if she's not careful.
I was just wondering if Obamacare pays for stitches everywhere.
Even in your butt.
It's an interesting discussion, my friends, that I had.
What a fascinating discussion.
What are you kids talking about around the lunch table?
Obamacare butt stitches.
What a thinker.
This is a true story.
It's really funny.
But seriously, would she be able to be covered even though she literally twerked her ass open?
I love the idea of insurance companies getting together and saying,
where do we draw the line?
This far.
No further.
Listen, we are getting too many butt open pieces coming in.
We can't keep paying out.
The Anaconda music video came out and just our profits plummeted.
Folks, it's me, Rush Limbaugh.
You'll never believe this one.
Listen to this.
Obama's really gone too far this time.
You know the kids, you've heard of kids twerking so hard their butts rip in half?
Well, guess who's stepping in to fill the gap, if you will.
Pardon my French.
That's Obamacare.
That is spot on.
Sell your gold.
To me, Rush Limbaugh.
I think the only way that you get that covered is if you can prove to the insurance company that it was an act of God.
I started the cracker when I finished the job.
Going back for what?
Will insurance even cover it?
Because in the short term, it's going to hurt.
But in the long term, it's not bad, right?
Wait, hold on.
What?
Wait, what's your hypothesis?
It's cool to have more space down there?
I didn't think about it.
I just started talking.
We'll talk off mic.
Just forget it.
It's dumb.
It's a dumb idea.
Forget it.
One of my local brunch spots offers a fixed price menu.
Approximately $30 per person.
Which includes unlimited coffee.
Wait, why was that funny to you?
Because I know the rest of the thing.
Oh, okay.
Unlimited coffee and mini donuts.
M-I-N-I, not M-A-N-Y.
Donuts.
In order to optimize this financial investment, keep in mind, this person is among you before I read this next section.
I like to bring a gallon Ziploc bag and stealthily slip donuts into my purse.
I feel that I am paying for this food, and if it is truly unlimited, then absconding these pastries is morally sound.
But I can't help feeling guilty, and I avoid eye contact with anyone in my immediate proximity.
Am I good?
That's from Donut Purse.
So when you say...
Wait.
Donut Purse, are you here?
I am.
Now hold on.
Stand up, Donut Purse.
Wave to the audience.
That was the fucking funniest thing that's going to happen tonight.
Okay, thank you, Donut Purse.
Okay, wait.
Hold on, wait, wait, wait.
She's got what?
Qualifier.
Oh, it's your sister's question.
Your sister who lives in Canada?
Oink.
Oh my God, you have index cards?
I want to be a fly on that wall.
I have to go, but listen.
Smile.
Speak confidently.
Don't start off your thing with, yeah, well.
Here's the thing, and I want you...
I'm going to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm going to take care of people who are listening to a podcast.
The Donut Burglar sister is here.
The Donut Burglar did a fly mess up, but she's not.
But she sent her sister in her stead.
But we are going to speak to you like you're her.
You are going to be the proxy, and you're going to carry this experience home with you
and share it word for word.
So when you say you think it's morally sound,
and then follow that up with,
I feel guilty and don't make eye contact with people,
what you mean is I'm lying to myself.
I'm lying.
It is morally noisy.
There is the substatic and the moral subordinate.
It's morally bankrupt.
Because no one's ever done something that they thought was really moral and gone...
No one's saved a cat from a tree like that.
Secret treasures.
Do you know the name of the place where you can get a bunch of donuts?
Asking for a friend.
Because it's apparently easily fucking griftable.
And I want to turn everybody else on.
Do you know the name of this highly griftable establishment?
It doesn't matter the size of the donuts.
There's infinity of them.
When you can eat infinity donuts, the size doesn't matter.
If you take a gallon of it, it's like a pound of feathers, a pound of bricks.
It's still a gallon of donut.
If...
She says she doesn't fill the bag, it doesn't matter!
Because that's what the question would lead me to believe.
She's a liar?
Is that what you said?
She's a liar and a thief.
Cool sister.
No, come on.
She does sound pretty cool.
I got to say, this sounds pretty fucking bad.
I was talking about her!
She's a liar and a thief!
That's terrible!
That's pretty baller.
Oh, I see.
Because then if she gets caught, they go, hey!
Well, you could have done worse.
You only did a little crime, so...
Last night in...
Milwaukee is where we were last night.
I ate enough salad to earn two cookie points.
200 cookie points.
200 cookie points.
Two cookie vouchers, it's 100 cookie points.
But when I went out to redeem my cookie points from the cookie tray,
there were some tiny mini cookies, and I looked at them and I was like, as if.
I had to work hard for these cookie points.
So I get it.
I get what you're saying about mini donuts.
The interaction I'd be looking for as a patron of Donut Zone,
because we don't know the name of the place yet,
is I would look on this person doing this in horror
until they reach in the back and show me there's another smaller Ziploc bag in here,
and I'm not just like a psychopath with a purse full of loose donuts.
Getting on my checkbook and stuff.
You may think I'm a sticky Vicky, but let me correct your assumptions.
No, it's normal.
There's a bag in here.
It's fine.
So we hope that helps.
Griffin, how about a yahoo?
Yeah, we can do one more yahoo.
We're going to throw it to the audience, too, after this for questions.
There's a mic, I think, in the middle.
Will there be a mic?
Yeah, someone just pointed to it.
It's right there in the middle, so it might be kind of tricky to get to,
but we're going to do a yahoo first.
Does anybody know the rule about questions?
No bummers.
No bummers.
Thank you.
Correct.
This yahoo was sent in by recognize the game of Rachel Sperling.
Take a moment and...
What's that over there?
Oh, it's game.
Yeah.
I see it, and I recognize it.
Thank you, Travis.
Thank you, Rachel.
This yahoo answers user Alicia, who asks,
how do I answer to prom Joker style?
Dark night.
Boyfriend asked me dark night related.
I need to answer in same theme.
Help.
With grammar.
Wait.
One more time.
Boyfriend asked me dark night related.
I need to answer in same theme.
Help.
I love this question for so many reasons.
The first of which is that this guy was like...
Like...
Swear to me that you'll go to prom with me.
And then she was like, that's dope, but hold on.
Tap, tap, tap, tap.
Yahoo answers.
Siri.
Yahoo for me.
How to answer to prom Joker style dark night.
The difference between you and me is I'm not wearing a boutonniere.
Because I'll wear the corsage.
And you'll wear the boutonniere.
That's a confusing way to say yes to anything.
Because I'm saying yes.
That's Batman style.
Specifically looking for Joker style.
Not interested in Harvey Dent.
Not interested in the penguin.
Why so serious about taking me to prom, yes.
That's really roundabout, though.
You're really making him work for it.
Just leave a Joker card that says, yeah, sure.
It's not solid, but neither is she from the sound of it.
You should keep the theme going all night.
If you get lost on the way to dinner, you're just like, where's macaroni, girl?
The last word doesn't fit in the quote sign.
Because I keep it quiet.
Can you, now hold on.
Can you blow up and kill Maggie Gyllenhaal?
Now listen.
Hold on.
Hear me out.
He's going places.
Hold on.
Let him finish.
But then when she explodes because he blew her up and killed her,
it would spell prom in the air or something and smoke.
Except it wouldn't say prom because that's not how you answer
when somebody asks you to prom.
Do you want to go to prom?
Prom!
Hold on.
Let me kill Maggie Gyllenhaal.
What does that mean, prom?
I can't do a second take.
Kill Jake Gyllenhaal, I guess.
As I point out in all my reviews for films, there is only one Maggie Gyllenhaal.
Let's take questions from the audience.
Okay, great.
So here's how this works.
If you have a question.
Can we get house lights?
No.
And also don't make it about you.
Jesus Christ.
There's a whole tier of, there's a whole strata.
Holy shit!
There's people up there!
You guys are up there all night!
Hello!
This next 20 minutes is going to be a goddamn disaster
because you just doubled the human.
Hi.
Yes, hello.
Hello.
So yeah, let's see some.
No one has stood up.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Way back there in the middle.
Yes, you.
Come on back.
You're the next contestant of my brother, my brother and me.
Hello.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
Do I just ask it?
You say your name.
Yeah, let her rip.
Do you got a dope lead up that you can do before you drop?
You got an intro theme you worked up?
Here she comes.
Here's her question.
Her name's Rebecca.
Wait, what's your name?
My name is Tina.
Oh God, what if I guessed it?
Ladies and gentlemen, Tina!
Now go.
Okay, go.
And it better be dope now because Travis just...
Shit.
I gave myself a huge headache for that.
Crush it, Tina.
My boyfriend orders chicken tenders at every restaurant we go to.
This question's going to rule.
Tell me he's here, stand up thug.
Yeah!
Who's my good, good chicken tender boy?
Chicken tender boy.
Who is a connoisseur of Dippin's?
He only likes ketchup.
What the fuck?
He's a man who knows what he likes.
Yeah.
All right.
So go ahead, Tina.
Sorry.
So my question is, how can I make him more adventurous?
Give him some chicken firms.
What?
That sucks.
That's not a...
That's where you drop the mic into the garbage and find a new career.
Chicken firms.
Where were we?
Can you cut them up and say now you're into nugs?
Those are basically nugs.
What happens...
Wait, this is a serious question.
What happens if you're at a restaurant that does not have chicken tenders?
Yeah.
I guess he just doesn't eat anything.
It breaches into his pocket.
Wait, hold on.
Tina, have you not run into this situation yet?
Do you call ahead?
Listen.
I mean...
It's me, Tina.
Do you have tenders?
Tell me honest.
I'm not going to make a reservation.
Most restaurants have a kid's menu, so...
Sure, right.
That's true.
Or a...
What's your boyfriend's name?
Rob.
Or a Rob's menu is what we're calling it from now on.
Hey, listen.
I think it's totally cool.
Why is that, Travis?
Okay.
If you're a person who knows that clearly what you're into, why the fuck not?
Rob, Rob.
Did you know you're a chicken tendersman?
Yeah, yeah.
Rob, Rob, my sweet chicken...
Just thumbs up and thumbs down.
Rob, chicken tender boy, did you remember the first time you had chicken tenders?
Do you remember the first time you had chicken tenders and you were like, yes.
This is it.
This is it.
I found you.
More importantly, do you remember the last time you had chicken tenders?
This is the last time you had anything else.
I finally found someone.
Someone, T.
You ever hear that rubbish I said, dude?
Yeah, sure.
Love Rob for Rob.
If they make you...
Do chicken tenders make you happy, Rob?
Yeah.
Okay, it's a...
Yeah, we're good.
Tina.
Don't worry about what we think.
Hey, Tina, big shot.
Hey, Tina, big shot.
What do you get at restaurants that's so cool?
Thank you, Tina.
No, I want to know the answer to that question.
What do you get at restaurants that's so cool?
You answered one thing you got at a restaurant last time.
Oh, God.
We went to Giordano's and I got a stuffed pizza with pepperoni and peppers in it.
That sounds pretty good.
That actually sounds pretty good.
Good job.
Okay, good job.
Thank you, Tina.
Tina, you're better than Rob.
Next.
Yeah, you're right up here.
Come on.
Yeah, come on in the middle.
Yes, yes.
Hello.
We're going to do some non-metal people next, I promise.
Okay, my cat always orders chicken tenders.
What is your name first and then goofs?
Matt.
Matt.
Matt, goof away.
All right.
Don't do the same goof again.
That's our thing.
My cat is a jerk to my girlfriend's cat and I feel like I have to choose between my cat
and my girlfriend.
Which one of them do you have sex with?
Can I?
Wait.
Can I?
That's a one-word answer, homie.
Can I say that in Illinois?
Yeah.
I don't know.
We're not from here, dude.
Abstain.
Yeah, okay.
You should.
Why are these two cats... Do you live together?
No.
Why the fuck are your cats having meetings of the mind?
It's not a double date.
Right.
We've run out of things to talk about without the two of them there.
Is it a Krang situation where the cat's embedded in your chest?
Because if not, leave it the fuck at home.
It's cool there.
It likes it there.
Also, here's the thing.
I don't know how much you know about cats.
It's a really long, prolonged process to introduce cats to each other.
Oh, here we go.
You don't get to just throw them into a room.
Fucking Jackson Galaxy.
Right.
Jackson Galaxy's never rolled up.
Guys, sorry.
You got to split up.
You got to break up.
I'm Jackson Galaxy.
There's no hope here.
It's just it.
Your love's over.
Or you can leave your cat at home.
One of the two.
Does that help?
Yeah.
I don't... We're not cat behavior psychologists.
I did it.
Hold on.
I did it.
I mean, no.
Not at all.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I appreciate your honesty.
Right here.
Right here.
I'm looking at you.
Yes, you.
Stand up.
Yes, you.
Yeah.
Crowdsurf.
Come on over.
Crowd, help her.
I'm done catering to the middle.
Hello.
Hi.
My name is Abby.
Hi, Abby.
And me and my boyfriend, Cory, are from St. Louis.
Cory.
Yay.
All right.
How about those cardinals?
Woo.
Perfect.
Jesus, Travis.
Whoa.
She just took an elevator down to another show.
I heard night veils downstairs.
Boo.
Woo.
Okay.
So this is not a bummer.
It's a more serious question than cat problems.
All right.
Fuck.
So you just put him in his place.
And it won't blast.
Go ahead.
Okay.
So I would say like I have a lot of good friends and we get along, we have a great time, but
it's always me doing the inviting.
This is some messed up etiquette in my opinion.
If I don't ask, it doesn't happen.
And so I'll wait and I'll wait for an invitation and then it has to be me.
Can I ask?
Is he here?
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I didn't catch your first name.
Abby.
Abby.
She didn't give her last name either.
I didn't catch her social security number.
Abby, are you likable?
Wow.
Wow.
Jesus, Justin.
Abby.
She's inviting me to another thing.
Is it pot?
No.
Do you only love paintball?
Now that is a good question.
That's a good question.
It's always specifically frothing, I can't.
Which is frog golfing, in case you were wondering.
Frog golfing?
Yeah.
It's big with the kids.
They eat frogs.
And not as big with the frogs.
No, the frogs hate it.
Frogs hate it.
Are your events like, frothing aside, are your events like sick?
Is there platters of food?
I'm a caterer.
No.
I like talking and having coffee, going to see movies, all that good stuff.
Humans are Pavlovian beings.
If you keep doing it, they're going to wait for, yes.
Do you have a dope place and your friends are all boxcar children?
All your friends are a group of ragamuffins.
All right.
Well, all right.
So then I just had to make the parties doper, and then they'll just start coming on their
own.
No.
No.
That's not.
Abby, I feel like you're not listening, but that's all the time we have for you.
Abby, ladies and gentlemen.
That guy's working his ass off.
Come on down, pal.
Yes, sir.
I mean, you're literally as far away as a person on the balcony could at least hurl
their body off.
Oh, and he's going the long way.
Could go out through the lobby, but instead.
Oh, look at him.
He's going outside.
Just go around.
So many penis grazes.
Oh, come on down.
And here he is.
All right.
What's your name, buddy?
Bobby.
Hey, Bobby.
I like you already, Bobby.
Go ahead.
I'm proud of you.
So I recently went on a date with somebody, and that next morning...
Nice.
Little braggy.
It was a little braggy, right?
Bye, Bobby.
That's it.
Bobby just wanted to let y'all know.
Bobby, Twitter now.
I had sex.
Later.
Bobby, go on.
Bobby, sorry.
Bobby, sorry.
That was very rude, Bobby.
I'm sorry.
Classic us and classic Bobby.
That next morning, when it came time for her to leave, we realized we couldn't find one
of her socks.
This is...
Okay.
And that was about two weeks ago, and I spent the last two weeks receiving text messages
from her asking, where's my sock?
So what's your question, Bobby?
Bobby, where is the sock?
We don't know, Bob.
Do we have a number for a good sock detective?
Oh, he's got his sock.
The worm has churned.
Bob is holding the sock above his head.
Now this is a fucking radio drama.
Bobby's holding the sock.
He is say anything-ing the sock.
This is the way Bob continue.
Or don't, because why the fuck do you have this sock, Bobby?
Everyone be aware of the fact that Bobby had some night during his prep for the evening.
You created a circle of trust, and then you stepped outside of it with another human
being's sock.
Bob, before he left the house this evening, said, I'm asking that question.
I'm asking.
I'm breaking that sock.
I'm taking that sock.
And you can't pretend like you didn't, because you got fucking prop comedy in the mix, Bobby.
Hey, by the way, do we not have security at this theater that is frisking people for socks?
So what's your question, Bob?
Bob.
Yesterday in my laundry, I found the sock.
How do I get the sock back to her without- You fucking hold a Tibetan sky burial for
it and hope for the best.
You throw it into a flock of birds overhead, and if it happens, it happens.
Because there's no nine creepy way, Bobby.
Not now.
Bob, you return it and just say, I used it up.
Robert.
She's a listener, Robert.
Bob, here's what you do.
You leave the sock here tonight.
Okay.
If it is meant to be- Bob, you ever see serendipity?
Leave it in the laundromat.
If it turns up on her foot again in 10 years, you're meant to be.
Stitch your phone number into it or something?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not a John Cusack expert, Robert.
You weirdo.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you very much.
Thank you so much for coming.
I hope this was helpful.
Thank you, Bob.
Remember?
All right.
Chicago, thank you so much for having us.
You've been really fun and super cool and nice.
This is it.
This is the end of our tour.
The end of our first tour.
The end of our three-show tour.
We are ending it in the city where we did our first ever live show here in Chicago.
Five years ago?
Fuck.
Fuck.
Yeah.
No, four years ago.
Four years ago.
Much better.
We did it in the second city for about one-twentieth this many people.
This is insane, by the way.
This is insane.
You're all amazing.
Thank you so, so much for this night.
We want to say...
You're saying...
Atheneum.
Yeah.
Atheneum.
Whatever you're saying.
Atheneum is right.
Atheneum?
Atheneum?
Atheneum.
I knew it the first time.
You did.
This is a beautiful, awesome theater.
Yeah.
And they've been super nice.
Travis has told me this three times tonight, but go ahead.
It's 104 years old, and it should be a historical landmark, but you see in 1970, they upgraded
the elevator, and now they won't award it National Historic Landmark status, which is
bullshit.
Yeah.
I will say, I don't think they upgraded the plumbing in 1970, because I'm pretty sure
I pooped wrong downstairs and destroyed the entire building.
It seems right to say this here, because we did our first live show here, thank you so
much to everybody out in the audience for listening to our show, for however many years
you've been listening.
We sincerely appreciate it.
We recorded it so we could have more of an opportunity to talk to each other on a weekly
basis, and the fact that so many of you like and enjoy it means the world to us.
Thank you so much.
It's incredibly humbling.
Thank you.
Also, I meant to say at the beginning of the show, he is risen!
There it is.
How about on that note...
Oh, thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters for the spread theme song.
It's an apart trophy.
I'm gonna put in the days to bed.
And don't forget, there's the amazing posters that are special for this show out in the
lobby.
It talks about this show on here, and it's really nice paper and everything, so you should
buy it.
It's really quality paper.
Quality paper.
Final Yahoo?
Final Yahoo?
Yes, please.
Final Yahoo.
I got one Final Yahoo, one to go on.
This Final Yahoo answer was sent...
Whoa, what was that?
You just getting ready?
Just bracing, baby.
Hit me.
This Final Yahoo was sent in by...
Get in the zone.
Sorry.
Justin just did like a fucking gone in 60 seconds maneuver that Nicholas Cazier...
That was me.
All right, let's go.
Do you want to know seriously what it was?
It was me setting my drink down so I'd have a free hand to take the bottle of Hennessy
backstage.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Behind the curtain with my brother and my brother and me.
By Bill Andrews.
Thank you, Bill Andrews.
Final Yahoo answer is user Jerry Wayland, who asks, will there be reggae in the future?
Say your name.
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This is with my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
And just want to add one more reminder.
Thank you to MeUndies for supporting the podcast.
Go to meundies.com slash my brother and get 200% off your first order and right now you'll
get free shipping.
Bye, everybody.
Bye.
Thanks for listening.
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture, artist owned, listener supported.
Do you think it's okay to finish someone else's food?
Do you have a fight with your friend over whether or not he should wear his Phillies
garb to a Colorado Rockies game?
Does your wife want to keep a chamber pot in her art studio?
If so, please do not write in to Judge John Hodgman.
I heard all those cases already.
Judge John Hodgman is the show where I, John Hodgman, adjudicate disputes between real
people calling in over the internet and I tell them who is right and who is wrong over
such important issues as is a machine gun a robot and is it okay to go through the garbage
at the Canadian house of pizza and garbage?
Fail if Jesse Thorn rounds out the cast for a fun-filled podcast of judgment and justice.
Kind of two of the same thing, actually.
Judge John Hodgman, take a listen if you do not mind.
I order it.
Come visit the courtroom.
The courtroom is open to all and located at MaximumFun.org.
