The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say hey I wanna.
Like the Chilean miners emerging.
Like Chilean miners.
Is that a reboot? Is that what this is? Are we refreshing the franchise?
This is just celebrating the hardworking miners of Chile.
Of what?
This isn't like about anything. I'm just glad that they're there.
Yeah, my ice cream break's coming up too. You wanna maybe go to Chile? Maybe we could go chill on the beaches of Chile.
Like Chilean miners emerging from a mine. We've returned for another week.
You know, a lot of people liked that when I did it right after those famous guys came out, so I thought, what if I brought it back?
I mean, Chilean miners are still coming out of mines.
Sure, yeah. They haven't stopped, I hope.
Right? I mean, they're going in there getting butane and gold. I don't know.
They're getting butane?
They go down there with just plastic shopping bags and they just scoop up the butte.
So we're back for a second run on the Max Fun Network. Thank you so much for rejoining us.
This is my brother, my brother and me, an advice show for the modern era. I am Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
You're gonna pry that Chilean miner bit from my cold dead hands.
But again, we've reemerged. Second week on Max Fun Network.
The response from you guys was so, so nice. Really meant a lot.
If you haven't been to the forums yet, over at Max Fun, there's a lot of good discussion, both NBNB AM and NBNB AM non-related.
So move over there and there's a thread, a new Max Fun podcast.
My brother, my brother and me. You can introduce yourself, say hi.
But everybody's getting acquainted there. Let's get acquainted here with some wisdom.
Let's go with our first question. What do you guys say?
Just get into it.
My friends keep on telling me that if I don't go to my senior prom, I'll regret it.
Personally, I don't care for dancing and wasting money.
Is this one of those things I'll regret not doing when I'm old?
Anti-Footloose Gmail.
I actually made up that name because they didn't attach one and I really wanted to talk about footloose.
Oh, good. Oh, good.
Good, Travis.
This show has become a construction.
Isn't that perjury? Isn't that what that is? Isn't that illegal?
I don't believe in perjury in this guy.
No, but I think it's definitely about the ritual.
It's not inherently fun, but you'll be kind of a lonely heart, I think, if you don't go, right?
You have to go.
You have to go.
Yeah, the thing is, this is that future, present tense time travel thing.
Look to the future 20 years from now.
You don't want to be the person that says, oh, no, I didn't go to my senior prom.
Because everyone you tell that to will go, oh, why not?
You have to go. It's part of your growing up. It's part of life.
Plus, there's got to be a girl, you can ask. There's always a girl.
I know you don't like wasting money and dancing, but you'll be surprised how little of the dancing you'll actually do.
And it's not a waste. It's like a traditional, I don't know.
Well, most importantly, you only get one shot at it.
It's not like, well, I don't want to go now. I'll try again in five years.
This is your only chance to go to your senior prom.
It's a good point.
That's actually a common misconception, Travis.
You can keep going to high school dances after you have left that particular educational institution.
Which reminds me, we do need to wrap this show early.
I need to get over to Skeffington's to pick up my tails.
Nice.
Yeah, it's going to be rough, Anti-Footloose. It's going to be bad.
I can't think. I don't know. I never looked forward to my formal dances whenever I was in high school.
I actually almost skipped one because I was going to go stag.
But instead, I just stayed home and I played EverQuest for most of the night.
I mean, it was right after the Dungeons of Narath expansion came out.
Yeah, sure, sure.
But I did end up going, you've got to pay the money.
You've got to pay your dues and maybe you'll rub your wiener on a butt to hip-hop music.
There's an exchange there.
It is a trade-off.
But yeah, you'll regret it if you don't go years from now.
Maybe not immediately.
And it won't be fun, but at least you'll have been there.
And you can lie about it later.
It's also a really good excuse to ask somebody out if you're even trying to work up the nerve.
Because everybody needs a date. Nobody wants to go solo.
So take advantage of that and prey on their desperation.
What should I do about a girl in my class who's a terrible buzzkill?
She always inserts herself into everyone's conversations and ruins the fun by talking about her divorced parents, human trafficking, or 9-11.
Was that good, Travis?
You like your little chuckle?
I think that person would be awesome.
A little chuckle from 9-11. Good, good.
I'm trying to imagine that conversation.
It's like, do you guys want to go to Chipotle for lunch?
Do you maybe want to hit up Panera?
Hey, by the way, that reminds me. 9-11.
I remember the last time I went to Chipotle, it's when my divorced parents sold me into slavery.
If I remember correctly, it was September 11th.
Have a good burrito.
Enjoy. Enjoy your meal.
Sorry, I didn't mean to bummer all over your chips.
What is it? Did you get the spicy aioli?
That's nice. You know who loves that? Osama bin Laden.
He gets it in his beard.
Are you going to get vegetables?
I'll tell you about a vegetable I know.
I remember Terry Shivo.
Whoa!
It's not time for the Shive to come back.
I may have jumped the gun a little bit there.
A little bit, but somebody's got to push into the light, right?
Somebody's got to determine how long the deadline is on stuff like that.
I'd let that one simmer for another six months.
I would say you've got to try to trump them.
No matter how dark they go, you've got to go darker.
Divorce parents, go Batman, talk about dead parents.
They won't see that coming.
Push them into a darker place until you're bumming them out,
and maybe they'll get the message.
I have a way better idea.
Oh, good.
Better than bring up Terry Shivo?
No, it has nothing to do with that.
Why don't you learn to play and then constantly carry around a cornet
or a small trumpet and just carry it around,
and any time she opens her mouth to say literally anything,
just start playing a happy little St. Louis jazz number.
Just like a little bit of Zadaran's.
Just get in there right in her face and just like...
Nobody can speak, first of all, or be sad when they hear that music.
Who could be sad?
That's an interesting point you just made about super aids sweeping across Africa.
I'd like to counter with some Zydeco.
Everybody buckle in.
So either super dark or super light.
Griffin, do you have a Yahoo for us, a Yahoo Answers request?
Sure, sure, sure. I have a few.
How about this one? It was sent in by Jonathan Bartram.
Thank you, Jonathan Bartram.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Dr. Know-It-All, who asks...
That's an ironic, unfortunate name for a Yahoo Answers user.
I've been sold a false bill of goods here.
Dr. Know-It-All asks,
If you lived on a beach and overnight all the sand miraculously turned to cocaine, what would you do?
Dr. Blow-It-All, that's who he...
He mistyped.
Well, snow angel, right? Blow angel first.
You make an angel in that sweet, sweet coca, but that seems pretty obvious.
Coca-castles?
Well, I think the first thing I would do is contact the Pope and say, there's been a miracle.
Coke miracle.
First, alert the authorities.
You can't take any chances with this.
It just seems dangerous, right?
It just seems dangerous.
Kids could wander in there.
If I know one thing about the beach, sand gets everywhere.
Hey, what about some answers?
What if I just read some of this special help?
Yeah, what do people say?
Steven Adler says, clean the beach.
Seems like it'd be pretty tough.
Yeah, it's all cocaine.
Just get in there with a fucking Swiffer wet jet and get all the coca up.
Alessa says, die of cocaine overdose.
That's a pretty good plan, I guess.
Two people rated that answer as good.
Pretty good answer.
Pretty good.
It is the apocalypse.
You might as well wrap it up.
Holy Phoenix said, get rod the fuck out.
How do you get rod?
Spell that for me.
R-A-W-E-D.
He went ahead and he took the word raw.
Just extended.
And he done verbed it.
He verbed it out.
So get rod the fuck out.
How rod are you right now?
I'm pretty rod.
I have been sniffing this beach for a half hour.
You know what irritates me is when you see the dealers out there dumping huge bags of flour.
It's like gift horse in the mouth.
They're still going to cut it?
Come on, man.
Is that baking soda?
What are you doing?
Just back it up and sell it.
It would decrease the market value, though.
That would be bad for dealers, I think, if there was a Coke beach.
Yeah, I mean, there are a few people who are suggesting a little bit of profiteering.
I don't know.
How are you going to sell that?
Hey, I have some beach here.
Will you pay me for it?
I think I'll just go to the beach.
Thanks.
There might be some shark's teeth in there, so a little bonus for the kids.
They're all rotting down in nubs.
Dr. House says, roll up a $50 note and have a snorkel.
That's actually pretty good.
Oh, you still take bumps of Coca?
Not me.
I take snorkels.
I just did three snorks.
I'm tripping out my mind.
You tripping?
You trip on Coke?
The greatest mind of our generation says, well, there's enough to experiment, so instead
of snorting it, we add some Kool-Aid and then make an enema.
What?
What?
How does that thought process work?
What I love, that seems to imply that he's often thought, man, I would love to have a
Coke enema, but I just don't have enough.
Yeah.
I don't have enough to experiment with.
I think you've got to get out there for a Coke ball fight.
Just mix them up and toss them at each other.
Build a Coke man.
That seems like it.
That would be fun for about 35 seconds.
I mean, I haven't done, I have never done the Coca, so I don't know how quickly it sets
off, how quickly it activates within you, but I imagine that it's pretty quickly, especially
when you're having a good time bouncing around throwing Coke balls at each other.
You should come over to my house.
It's the home of the world's coolest beach whale.
Come check him out.
He's a fun guy.
He sits out there asking how into Mark McGrath you are.
His blowhole's just so crusty and terrible to look at.
It's closed up.
Mark McGrath?
Mark McGrath, huge Coke head.
Mark McGrath, I bet.
I don't know.
I don't know either.
That's the Sugar Ray gentleman, right?
Sugar Ray?
Yeah, Sugar Ray.
I don't know good Coke music.
What's Coke music?
I can't imagine that Sugar Ray is too low on that list.
It seems like a Cokey band, doesn't it?
Sugar Ray seems Cokey.
Well, I mean, everybody's seen that video, right, where Mark McGrath is walking into
some bar and some 12-year-old kid yells Sugar Yay at him, and he flips the fuck out and
gets in the kid's face and just takes a bite out of him.
What?
That's the weirdest music video I've ever heard of.
He takes a bite out of a kid?
He bites him?
I mean, he doesn't literally take a bite out of him.
I was speaking figuratively.
He got up in his grill.
You know, I don't appreciate that.
Sugar Gay, that's pretty good, though.
Should we talk about, because this is going to interrupt the flow, and I apologize for
that, but I have my reasons.
Last night, something big happened to the world.
A baby was born, but not a literal one.
Well, a literal one probably was born somewhere, just statistically.
But we had nothing to do with that baby.
No.
Or did we?
Or did we?
Get the blood test done, Jay.
I'm speaking, of course, about Rocky Horror's My Brother, My Brother, and Me mixtape, available
now for kids of all ages.
We'll have a link in the post for people to download it for free.
It is the freshest thing ever recorded by mankind.
We should put it on the Maximum Fun blog, too, right?
That's what I was talking about.
Do you think I still use our old website?
No.
How gauche.
1.0.
It really is super fresh, Rocky Horror did a great job with it, and I think if there's
ever a lull in this episode, maybe I can just splice in a few seconds of a track.
There's samples online, and people can get it.
It's for free, right?
You just get it.
It is for free.
No problem.
Not surprisingly, my favorite track on there is a track called Travis Was Right.
Don't ruin the surprise.
That track is fresh.
I won't say anything, but it may be the happiest I've ever been.
The album has an arc to it.
It has a narrative.
It is a narrative.
Yeah.
There's a nice, they call them chill downs at the end.
There's a chill down, right?
That's what they're called.
There's a chill down, there's a chill back.
There's a beat flip, which is, I like that one.
He does like two beat flips, and I was pretty impressed.
He drops that bass so heavy low, and that's probably my favorite part of the album.
We should just make this show about dance hall, dance hall techno dance, techno dance.
Is that the genre?
It's techno dance, right?
That's perfect.
We can do an instructional thing.
We can talk about your best techno techniques, like when you drop that bass so heavy low.
That's important.
There's a dance move associated with that, so we can say, when it's time to drop that
bass, you've got to twist your heels outwards and drop your knees down a little bit, and
shake two fingers to the floor like you're telling it no, and then we'll tell people
to do that, and then we'll put on a clip of the mixtape like right now.
And people can get their learn on.
Yeah, I think that this could be really super instructional.
So are you saying that our podcast could become a vehicle for us to mention new music that
we discover in the world?
Oh no.
Oh no, I know where this is going.
Say that one of the three of us discovered a mystery CD titled Fart Touch, and we played
that song, and it was magical.
Travis, walk me through this, Travis sends us this email that says, I found a CD called
Fart Touch.
No, no, no.
This is a much more mysterious event.
I'm going through my CDs and Teresa's CDs, and we discover this CD simply titled Fart
Touch.
Neither one of us has any idea where this CD came from.
Neither one of you will admit to having any idea where this CD came from.
Gotcha.
At any point did you put this CD in your computer?
It took me four days of just walking by as we're cleaning up the house, saying things
like, and where should we carefully store Fart Touch?
And eventually I was like, fuck it, I have to find out what's on the CD and discovered
a song I strangely called Fart Touch.
Oh, imagine that.
It's perhaps the greatest song I've ever heard in my life.
And here's the clip.
You got that Fart Touch, who got that Fart Touch?
You got that Fart Touch, who got that Fart Touch?
I have literally listened to that song nine times in the last two hours.
Let me ask you though, Travis, did you put the CD in your computer to listen to it?
I imagine that you did, right?
Yes, I did.
Yes.
Okay.
This is where you get viruses and shit.
If I saw a piece of digital media that had the words Fart Touch scrawled upon it, like,
I wouldn't want to know what's on there.
I certainly wouldn't subject my computer's hard drive to it.
You learn so much about your brothers doing a weekly advice show with them, because if
I saw something called Fart Touch, the signal would not be able to get from my eyes to my
brain to compute that it's a Fart Touch before my finger would be on the open button on the
computer.
I would already be loading it just as my brain was like, Fart Touch?
Like, I couldn't get that in fast enough.
Are you kidding me?
Fart Touch?
I'm there.
Like, yeah, of course, naturally.
I think that says a lot about us though, because, like, I don't know, you two seem to take more
risks than I do.
Like, you see a Fart Touch CD and you just jump right for it.
You know that a ship in harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are for.
They're for sailing to the open seas and finding Fart Touches.
I'm on the SS Fart Touch and I'm out there for adventure.
You two's biggest risk was recording Fart Touch, I think.
We've not given advice for a little while.
I think we gave some pretty, like, advice by association.
Don't listen to Fart Touch.
I think it's a pretty good nugget of wisdom.
I've been with my girlfriend for three and a half years now, but for the past year, she
lived in different cities, so we had to go do the long-distance thing.
I'm planning on proposing soon, and after that, she's going to be moving back to my city.
The problem is, I've gotten incredibly used to this long-distance relationship.
I've got a daily routine of work, taekwondo, dinner, and then playing games all night.
When we were still in the same city, we didn't live together, so I still have my personal
space, but that's obviously going to change.
Do you guys, except Griffin, sorry buddy, find it hard to juggle your personal time
and your significant other?
For love or StarCraft, the muffin.
See, I just double down on my taekwondo time.
Just more taekwondo?
Yeah, yeah, I take my love cavity, and I just fill it with taekwondo.
I'm going to hit you with something, the muffin, that's going to kind of blow your mind a little
bit.
I was in the same boat you were, for a long time, because I've always been super into
to me time, to Justin time.
The time that you spend by yourself is important, and I think you should still try to get that
time, but keep in mind that the time you spend by yourself playing video games, for example,
taekwondo is not a great example because it's helping you be fitter, but playing games all
night, that is without context.
It's time that it doesn't really edify you.
You're the only one that it affects, and time that you spend with your significant other
has context.
It has...
Value?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, it's not value less, but it's about finding a balance.
You've got to find a balance between the two, and don't...
You can always play video games.
You can always do that stuff, but it's about finding a balance between the two.
Of course, it will change.
Everything will change when you move in with someone and you live with someone, especially
when you marry someone, but change for the better, and if you find it changing not for
the better, it's as simple as having a discussion and saying, hey, I really love spending time
with you, but I do need some me time here and there.
Yeah, no girl will ever understand that.
Sorry, that won't work.
Well, she probably enjoys her me time, too.
It's worth a shot, but I don't think that any...
I mean, maybe she does.
Maybe she will enjoy the me time.
If she is a very not me time person, though, if you're like, I need some space, then it's
not going to go well, I don't think.
Okay, well, how about this idea?
Me time together.
Yeah.
Ooh, I like this.
You play video games while she reads a book, but you're together, you're in the same room,
you're hanging out, but you don't have to be constantly staring into each other's eyes
for hours.
Deborah, I like you a lot.
I want to be together alone.
Can we do that?
Yeah.
I want to be with you, but not with you.
You sit over there.
You sit over there, you do your crossword puzzle, and you drink your tea.
I'm going to be over here practicing my Quan.
I'm just getting my Quan on.
I'm getting my Quan on.
Do me a favor.
Taekwon, don't talk to me for the next hour or so.
Can we work that out?
We can.
Just do anything else.
You could try to get her hooked on something super addictive.
Take her out to Coke Beach.
You won't see her for days.
But yeah, I mean, it's just a balance, and it is going to change.
But remember that, yeah, that's quality time.
You'll find interest that you share.
But it is, you're right.
It's a huge adjustment.
If it's too hard, get single again, my man.
Chuck it.
Chuck it back to the sea, you know?
Forget about it.
Luda!
Get out the way, bitch.
Griffin, you know what I need.
This one is sent in by CurlyHeadPoet.
Thank you, CurlyHeadPoet.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Amy, who asks, oh, man, does anyone know of any other grandpa names?
Oh, no.
It can't.
Listen to the parameters, please.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
It cannot be Poppy, Grandpa, or Pop Pop.
Gramps sounds like cramps.
Don't go there.
Don't.
Don't even.
Additional details.
And please, no names in other languages.
This is America We Speak English.
Did she say that?
Awesome.
Awesome.
That's awesome.
Definitely.
Awesome, Amy.
Cool.
Any P vowel P.
Vowel.
Sound.
Yeah.
You can.
You're fine.
Like Pee Pee.
Well, maybe not that.
No, not that.
No.
Papo.
Papo.
That's good.
Poppy.
Peepums.
As long as there's two P's.
Go see your peepums.
This is my peepums.
Darrell, go see your peepums.
My peepums always has the hardest, crumbliest chewing gum.
Don't.
Now, Darrell, don't you eat peepum's nasty gum.
You know what happened last time.
Peepum's nasty gum sounds like a product that we should copyright immediately.
Oh, God.
I just purchased a pack of peepum's old-timey nasty gum.
You're still in the Juicy Fruit?
Oh, that's bitch gum.
I'm into peepum's nasty gum.
Fuck your fruit stripes.
The thing about peepum's nasty gum is that you have to put the emphasis on a different
syllable every time you say it.
Peepum's not even good?
Oh, peepum's not even good with that nasty gum.
It's just a lot of the care for it.
Peepum's nasty gum is obviously the greatest thing any of us have ever said, but let's
give this person some much-needed help.
I'm going to decide that grand peepum's is the best name ever.
I like that, because you can expand on that.
You can have a great grand peepum's without great gum gum.
It should be noted that gum's not going to get you better.
What about Propu?
Propum?
Propur?
Propy?
Propy?
That sounds like an alien grandfather.
Propy.
Proteus.
I'm proteus the peepums.
I'm a peepum's proteus.
Please eat my nasty spray scope.
Are there any non-double P names that still work?
For some reason, and this is so cultural, I guess, but for some reason when you pull
away from P's it doesn't feel like a grandpa name.
You have to have the P in there somewhere, right?
There's probably some sort of root language explanation there, like paternal.
Maybe paternal has something to do with it.
I guess granddad does it, but who says granddad?
That sounds like something you only refer to them as after they're dead.
Yeah.
This is my granddad.
Granddad?
That's depressing.
Yeah.
What about master father?
Whoa!
This is master dad.
I was thinking master dad.
What if the problem isn't the dad or the pop, but the grand?
What if we could switch the grand?
No, but think about the one removed, and you can say this is my great grandmaster dad.
What about progenitor prime?
How do you feel about that?
How about just Philip?
No one calls him an adult.
Yeah, just call him by his name, which is even better if you're six.
He's like, would you like a Werther's?
You're like, yes, Robert.
I would enjoy a Werther's.
Thank you, Robert.
Thank you, Robert.
Gum?
No, I don't think so.
I would prefer not to have it.
The Werther's will keep, sir.
Unlike your nasty gum that I believe retrieved from a package of baseball cards circa 1987, peepums.
What if we did it like Japanese math, and we just called him like daddy dad?
Or dad dad.
Just like expand it to whatever power.
I feel like that would be a much shit.
I just revolutionized the whole fucking system.
It's much better now.
We got rid of all these arbitrary titles, and we just expanded it based on how they actually relate to your nuclear family.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yes.
Your cousin will be your dad's sister's son.
So you want to de-simplify the language, and instead of one word like cousin.
No, because who the fuck can keep cousins straight?
Especially once you get to second or third cousins, who knows?
Who knows?
It's very nebulous.
I'm saying we simplify the entire thing, and we just go dad sister brother.
Or I guess that would be your dad again.
Do you understand what I'm saying though?
Uh-huh.
I do.
It's just like so terrible of an idea.
I don't want to encourage you more.
The one thing I was thinking is I talk about my extended family in public too much.
I wish there was some way to complicate it to keep me from bringing them up all the time.
Oh, I know.
Dad sister brother.
Would you call them that to their face?
No, I would call them by their name.
This is my mom brother.
His name is Tom.
This is my mom brother Tom.
Peabam's Nasty Gum.
I just want to get that out there one more time.
It's too bad the mixtape just came out, because I feel like we could get an entire selection out of Peabam's Nasty Gum.
My wife started knitting four years ago, and that was all fine and swell until she started wearing her creations.
How can I tell her that I don't like it when she wears these creations without hurting her feelings?
That's from hip hobo.
There's nothing hip about being inconsiderate.
Oh, wow.
Burn.
I don't like it when you wear that sweater.
You know what?
It doesn't matter if she made it or not.
That's not your call to make.
You should never say that.
Don't ever say that.
Unless.
Unless.
She's really bad at knitting.
You can see through it, and you see all her face.
Unless we have underestimated her terribleness at knitting.
Hey, listen.
Yeah?
I like that sweater.
She's a terrible knitter, and you can see.
It's like, I like your sexy shirt, but I can't have you wearing that in public.
Is that sexy?
Sexy if you can see through the yard, see some nipple, I guess.
I don't know.
Maybe.
You can see your hungry, hungry nipples?
That only happens in sitcoms.
I don't think it happens in real life.
You don't do it.
Ask to borrow her stuff, and then lose it.
No, because she worked hard on that.
Don't be a guy.
No, that's, no.
No, no.
Don't take Travis's path of least thought.
You should, you should, like, just keep it to yourself.
Dude, it doesn't matter.
Trust me.
There's no situation in which your distaste for her clothing is going to be, like, harder
to handle than just her scorn.
Just her deep resentment.
I have it.
I got it.
Oh, good.
No, I figured it out.
You're really good this time, right?
It's not going to be, is it burn it?
Because that's not going to fly away.
Nope, nope.
Okay.
No, this is a good one.
Encourage her to sell her creations.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Then she can't wear them, because she's got to sell them.
From downtown.
Travis.
Yeah.
Why are you wearing money?
You're going to stain that, and we won't be able to make a living off of it.
Take that off right now, and never wear it again.
We beg it.
Do you think Etsy actually got started when some husband was like, dude, that scarf, are
you serious?
You can't wear that.
Let's go ahead and give that one to internet, and...
Yeah.
Now you get money.
Man, Travis, I'm sorry for doubting you.
That's a slam dunk.
You should tell her to sell it, but sell that one.
You have to say, like, this one is very special.
I think you should sell it right now.
You've already worn it.
You've filled it with your memories.
Now let's go ahead and give it to the world.
Let's sell your memories on Etsy.
Ask her to knit me something.
I've only had knit things for me one time.
I only have one knit thing.
Somebody knit me a peepum's nasty gum toboggan.
I would just want a peepum's nasty gum koozie.
Yeah, to keep your peepum's nasty gum warm.
I want a nasty gum holster.
A knitted nasty gum holster.
I just... That's slick Rick.
He's the slickest nasty gum dealer in the West.
You look at him wrong, he'll throw two pieces of nasty gum.
I'm worried because we obviously had a lot of nasty gum in our youth because we had grandparents
that handed out nasty gum, but I'm worried that not everybody got to experience the nasty
gum phenomenon.
I'm pretty sure this is a universal thing.
Is it?
It's like, for those who didn't receive nasty gum from their parents, or their grandparents,
it's like the gum that comes in Mike Topps baseball cards packages.
It's just crumbly ass terrible nasty gum.
Yeah, you take a bite out of it and it shatters and disintegrates into a billion pieces.
I can't believe nasty gum communicates the whole experience like it's nasty gum.
In fact, I feel like we're actually siphoning a little bit of magic away from the word.
Yeah, you'll edit this out later, right?
Nah.
Yeah, okay.
Is calling someone a nerd considered an insult?
I've called him a BF a nerd on several occasions, and he thinks I'm downing on him.
But come on!
His favorite things are video games, Star Wars, and bacon.
Please help a girl out.
I don't have a problem when people call me a nerd or when people call other people a
nerd, but when people call themselves a nerd, I get the strongest douche chills.
It's pretty bad.
I feel the same way when people call themselves a jock.
Yeah.
It's like-
Anybody who just-
God, it bugs me.
So forwardly just like picks a label and is like, I am slut.
What's up?
Yeah.
Or when it's, you know, the one that bothers me, regional.
I'm an Arkansas girl.
What do you want?
Oh, fuck you.
Yeah.
Seriously.
That is so New York.
That's-
Ugh.
I feel like we've gotten off topic.
Okay.
You know what else?
Is nerd an insult?
It's like coffee out of the grinder and it's all stuck in there.
Ugh.
Yeah.
Now we're showing them.
You know, if he considers it an insult, that's the, I guess that's the, I mean, like, if
you know that and you keep saying it, then yeah, I think you're participating in this.
I don't think you can claim ignorance too long.
I can't formulate a sentence in which calling someone a nerd is a compliment.
Like you're such a great nerd.
Yeah.
Even when you say it with like the best intentions, you're still being a little condescending,
I think.
Yeah.
You're putting someone, you're labeling someone and that's never, that's never true.
You're saying, you're basically saying the things you care about are not significant
or important to the, the large, the larger tapestry that is our world.
Uh, my advice to your boyfriend, next time Elisa says you're a nerd, look her dead in
the eye and say, I prefer to think of myself as Otaku.
I can't wait for her to leave you.
You'll never have that, you'll never have that problem again.
Solved.
I'm literally shivering right now.
I know.
I am Otaku.
I prefer.
That would be awesome.
I wish we, hey, I don't know who your boyfriend is, but I wish we could give him advice instead
of you because we would tell him to just like double his nerdiness quotient.
Double down.
Make your kids smoke and, and, and double down on it.
Just double down and like start, uh, listening to nothing.
Nothing but J-pop.
Like just listen to the weirdest Japanese pop you can find, uh, do a little cosplay,
get really into steampunk.
Did I make something sense?
When is bacon nerdy?
I think bacon's nerdy.
I think we've been, I think bacon is nerdy.
Yeah.
Bacon went around the bend.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I mean, you're still, you can still be on bacon.
Like you can still.
Yeah.
Like bacon.
Uh, what do we have time for?
Got another Yahoo on the, on the docket.
Sure.
Okay.
Um, this one, uh, was sent in by Cal.
Thank you, Cal.
It's by, it's by Yahoo answers user, the Christ puncher.
Okay.
Cool.
Cool.
Okay.
Okay.
The Christ puncher asks, what is a good quick way to make money from my dog?
My dog is expensive.
Usually we just feed her table scraps, bits of hamburger, onion rings, fries, extra ketchup
packets, et cetera.
Wait, what?
Excuse me?
Uh, but things are getting tight financially around my house and we need every, every family
member to pull their own weight when it comes to expenses, even food.
My dog is pure bred and not fixed.
I was wondering how much I could make from a litter of puppies and how long they take
to gestate.
If this isn't a good idea, some suggestions on other ways for my dog to start earning
money would be appreciated.
I think you could just make him find his own ketchup packets.
Right?
How, how fucking tight is it getting when you can't give your dog table scraps anymore?
You just don't have them.
You, you give your toddler a bone to gnaw on.
Hey, get the, I am eating every onion ring.
I'm eating all of these.
Um, I mean that the quickest, easiest option I guess would be to turn him into a celebri
dog.
Right?
Like get him his own features.
I'm pretty sure that, um, George Lopez has started casting for Beverly Hills, Chihuahua
two.
Um, Justin, give me a set title for that movie where you're not aware that that movie already
exists.
Does it really?
Yeah.
I shit you not.
I don't think it's true to the Google.
Uh, Beverly Hills, oh my fuck.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck.
It's out.
It's out on Blu-ray.
So you could get your, you could get your dog on Beverly Hills, Chihuahua three.
Can we stop the show?
Trace, Trace Perros.
Oh, Ernie Hudson was in that film.
Good.
Oh good.
Like Ernie Hudson didn't have enough to deal with on a day to day basis.
Ernie Hudson, Ernie Hudson and Olivia Newton John?
That's a tour de force.
Oh fuck.
Were you out in theaters for Beverly Hills, Chihuahua two?
Did G-Lo make time for that one?
Oh man.
Tell me.
French Stewart was in the mix.
Oh, French Stewart makes me so sad.
Not funny.
Open your eyes, French Stewart.
See where your life is headed.
Stop squinting, stupid.
You're running into oblivion.
Open your eyes.
Your agent is a fax machine.
Get out of there.
Stop squinting, you bastard.
Oh, stupid French Stewart.
I miss that guy, though.
He probably is a listener.
Doesn't make sense.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I want to go make Inspector Gadget four.
French Stewart.
I want to go make Inspector Gadget four.
French Stewart.
I want to go make Inspector Gadget four.
French Stewart.
God, I'm a bitch.
I want to punch the squint right out of this stupid face.
Oh, god.
This coffee is strong.
It is.
I'm wired now.
I'll punch French Stewart in the face.
Tell me if George Lopez was in Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 or not.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Of course he was.
Did this come in theaters?
In fact, I don't think that- I'm almost certain it didn't.
I don't think that George Lopez, like, arranged shit in any way.
I think he probably just did one of the voices, but I like to imagine him as the puppet master.
No.
I like to imagine that they just record him saying things in his day-to-day life and work
it into a film.
You think?
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
And Fred Stewart's like, no, I can work with this.
This is good.
Yeah, I'll pass the salt, George.
Like, it's- God, man, I do hate Fred Stewart.
He depresses me, though, because he was- he was so good, and if you looked at Fred Stewart
and Joseph Gordon-Levitt on Third Rock and said, which one of these dudes is going places,
I wouldn't have guessed Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
But there he is.
Making it big.
Making it huge.
He incepted the hell out of that movie.
Oh, God.
I seriously, like, my- my fucking drive to do the show, to do the show, to do the show
anymore is totally gone.
Like, when you guys were talking for the past couple minutes, I just was- I was just reading
this IMDB page.
For Fred Stewart?
For- for- for- for Chihuahua 2?
For Bev- for Bev 2.
Bev 2?
Is there any ratings?
Are there any user reviews?
Can we advise people on whether or not they should see Chihuahua 2?
It's actually not out yet.
Okay, thank God.
Yeah, yeah, it's- it's got a release date of February 6th.
I'll be there.
It says-
I'll be there.
Oh, God.
It says France on the page.
No, no, no.
French.
That's a common misconception.
French.
French Stewart.
It's a common misconception.
None of this is usable.
None of this is usable material.
What?
For the show?
Yes.
Or for life.
French Stewart, you're not-
I think we can all learn something from French Stewart.
That's probably what director Alex Zam said when he went over the final cut of Beverly
Hill's Chihuahua 2.
French.
It's the Zamster.
Listen.
We gotta get these contracts inked.
I want you as Squinty the Squinting- I want you as Squinty the Seeing Eye Dog.
They'll be rolling in the aisles.
Did you say- did you say rolling in the- they'll be rolling in the aisles, French.
It'll be a laughter unlike you've heard in years.
I've seen.
Not since- not since IG2.
Not since The Shredder Gadget 2.
Well, you've heard that laugh.
Now, I'm not the only one with French Stewart's IMDb page open right now, I think.
Are you kidding?
I'm not from Hart.
I know- I know French Stewart's history.
Third Rock, IG2, Chihuahua, DOS.
I know his whole thing.
Unemployment.
Six months.
Unemployment.
Considering suicide.
Last three years.
Well, it actually says all of this on his IMDb page, too, which is weird.
It is on the- well, he adds- he updates it himself.
What the fuck else is he gonna do?
He has this keyboard with the giant keys on it, because he can't see that well, obviously.
He's squinting all the time.
Where's the G?
I've- I've turned a corner.
I feel bad now.
I feel bad for French Stewart now.
I'm gonna- next week, all pro-French Stewart material.
It's guaranteed.
We- So, I wanna hear Griffin's-
We haven't- we haven't not answered a question as hard as we didn't answer that question,
I think, in the history of the show.
It's the hardest non-answer that we've ever- that we've ever given.
Let's do one more real one before we get out of here.
Okay.
I finally convinced a friend to join the MBMBA nation, so this question is for her benefit.
She recently moved from NYC to Ohio and is now being inundated with wang pics from guys
that get her number now and from several internet friends.
She's shy and swears she is not soliciting them in any way.
What can she do?
T-Rex.
Wait.
What?
I don't understand this question.
Excuse me?
She moved from New York to Ohio and somewhere in that-
She passed some cell phone tower.
There is some tower that relayed her phone number to- to wang mailers everywhere.
Yeah, to this shadowy organization.
And what I love is this is not one or two wang pics, she's being inundated with wang
pics.
Flooded.
Just flooded with constant stream.
An embarrassment of dick shots.
I am- I am rolling in it.
She can jump like Scrooge McDuck into her big mountain of wang pictures.
I don't know- I'm not familiar with enough cell phone technology to understand how this
could happen to somebody.
I guess she could always get her- she could disable picture messages.
Is that a possibility?
No, we need to go deeper in this because I understand, like, sending the wrong signals
to one, maybe two guys.
What is she doing?
What if there's- what if someone- an ex-boyfriend that she left high and dry in New York wrote
on a wall like- Oh, that has to be it.
It has to be- I heart wang pics dot com.
Yeah, I need your dick pics.
Send them- send them to me.
Yeah.
And when you need something, it's a responsibility.
I think, um, there's a lot of things you can do with this, but, um, my solution is you
take those dick pics, uh, and you forward them to other people who are sending you dick
pics.
You- you- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just, like, someone sends you a picture of a dick and you send them back a picture of
somebody else's dick.
No, no, no.
You send them fifty pictures of their dick.
Oh, I love it.
You're gonna make your- you're gonna make your kid smoke and give them fifty pictures
of dick.
Hey, do you like dick pics so much?
Let me give you some in return.
Or every time someone sends you a dick picture, just text back, I sent that to your mom.
They won't- they won't know what hit them.
Or, uh, maybe she doesn't- maybe since your friend's a girl, she probably loves it.
What girl wouldn't love that, right?
Pictures of- pictures of wieners?
It's like, uh, she's- just pictures of wieners every day.
That's what girls crave, right?
Like they- No, it's the crazy crunch that girls crave.
I- I totally, totally agree with you there.
She can't- it's like a water faucet she can't shut off, but why would she want to?
Yeah.
Cause it's- cause the water is dick pics.
Cause it's wet.
Yeah.
You just want to wash your hands with dick pics.
Uh, yeah, I- I- I, uh, I feel like we've given you several action- action items ranging
from possible to, uh, to whimsical.
Uh, so- I don't know.
I feel like creating a vault of dick pictures and swimming around it, I feel like we- we
hit a high point there.
Oh, tell her to release a book.
Things- things my wang says.
Uh, do a blog, put a Tumblr blog- Chicken soup for the wang pixel.
Eat- eat prey wang?
Eat prey wang!
This is my- this is my novelty book.
It's a gift book.
Eat prey wang, $18 at Borders.
There are only 60 pages.
The girl- the girl with the dragon wang?
Why don't you make a- why- I- I think a blog- I think a- make a Tumblr blog, and then just
as soon as they send you the dick pic, you send them back the URL of the blog where you
just put the dick pic up.
Yup.
You'll never see that coming.
I want to hear Griffin's last question, but, um, first, couple real quick housekeeping
things.
MBMBAM.com is your- is your source, is your one-stop shop, your- your dick pic faucet,
uh, as it were, of MBMBAM information.
You can go there to, uh, send us, uh, questions.
Our, uh, uh, our email address is there, we've got an automatic form where you can send in
stuff, um, the Magic 8 Ball may be carrying over with us to the new MaxFun site, it may
not be, so you might want to get your- your clicks in, uh, uh, today.
You will, at some point in the near future, notice that it has switched over to- to MaxFun,
um, but you know, everything you love will still be there, and we're gonna try to do
more posts, uh, there on the Mac- on the MBMBAM, uh, blog, more stuff from us, just, you know,
randomness, um.
You'll definitely- definitely be able to find the- the download link for the My Brother,
My Brother and Me mixtape up on there, um, we'll try and get that out right around the
show time release.
Uh, show time release, yes, um, also go to the forums, uh, MaximumFun.org, click on forums
and go there and talk about this episode, say how much you loved it, um, and tell-
While you're there, check out all their other wonderful podcasts.
Oh my god, get down on them.
Whoa, that was a very emphatic endorsement.
Just stop our podcast right now.
Yeah, just stop podcasting us, and start- stop podcasting yourself, I guess.
Um, I see I turned that around.
I heard it, it's good.
No, I see what you did.
It was good, right?
Um, not too much, not too much, um, but yeah, thank you guys so much, uh, the response from-
from you new MaxFun folks has been absolutely, uh, delightful and positive, and we really
appreciate it.
Um, if you get a chance this week, if you heard something funny on the show, you wanna
tweet about it with the MBMBAM hashtag, uh, we love that, it's- I- I have a search that
is open an embarrassing amount of time that I am constantly monitoring, uh, and I- and
I always appreciate those, and, um, it's a good way to get people interested.
I would like to throw out, um, French Stewart, if you are listening- Oh, I'm so sorry!
Ah, it's so, so sorry, um, big fans.
Just big fans.
Huge fans.
Um.
Uh, who was out there?
This- Wyn Myself, uh, W-Y-N-N-E Myself, uh, out there, he just listened to his first
episode.
He started at E1, uh, Meg Balls, out there- Shoulda done that.
Shoulda done that.
Nah, shouldn't start at one, but- Start at the top and work back, and stop
at, like, maybe six.
But yeah, this is- this is, uh, this is- this is a lot of fun, guys, and thank you
to you two, as always, uh, for- for doing the show with me.
I really appreciate it.
Hey, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
Hey.
It's the least I can do.
Give me one to grow on.
Sure.
Uh, our last Yahoo question of the day is not actually a Yahoo question, but a news
item from the Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 IMDB page.
It reads, you wanted it, Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 sneak peek.
Hitting DVD and Blu-ray on February 1, 2011 comes Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2, the sequel
to your favorite film of 2008.
Was it?
You asked for more, and you got it, and I have a four-minute and forty-nine-second
sneak peek for you directly below, but be careful.
February is two months out.
Maybe only watch this one in one-minute intervals so you don't burst from anticipation.
Who's in this one?
While they were able to get George Lopez back to lead, uh, to voice the lead Chihuahua Poppy,
the same can't be said for Drew Barrymore as the voice of Chloe, but they got the next
best thing.
Odette Yusman of You Again fame, also starring our-
What next best thing?
Also starring our Zachary Gordon, Christine Lakin, and IMDB even has Ernie Hudson of
Ghostbusters fame as part of the cast.
Perhaps he saw it as an opportunity to do a little press and try and stir up more buzz
for that much-bally-hooed Ghostbusters 3 feature.
No one was talking about Ghostbusters 3, but now that Ernie Hudson was in Beverly Hills
Chihuahua 2 on DVD, I really feel like we got some fucking heat.
Like we're finally heating up.
Hi, this is Bill Murray.
Did I hear right?
Ernie Hudson is in Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2?
Direct-
Sign me up.
Sign me up.
It's got heat now.
I want that Hudson heat.
I'll do an actual Yahoo answer now.
This one was sent in by Cal.
Thank you, Cal.
It's by Yahoo answer's user Ronnie the MLK of GWS.
He asks, why is it illegal to steal someone's horse or a parakeet but it's perfectly legal
to steal someone's girlfriend?
I'm Ernie Hudson.
I'm French too.
I'm also French too.
This is when my brother, my brother and me kissed your dad's square on the lips.
